McDonald's Says Its Packaging Will Be 100 Percent Green By 2025. All of its restaurants will also feature recycling bins.
Fourth San Francisco Swimmer In A Month Attacked By Sea Lion. The woman was not seriously injured even though animal \chomped down,\ a witness said.
Your Questions About The California Mudslides, Answered. It's not just a tragic coincidence that the region is facing back-to-back disasters.
Why The California Mudslides Have Been So Deadly. Unheeded evacuation warnings, late emergency alerts and an area primed for flooding after wildfires all were factors.
The Agency That Approves Pipelines Is About To Get A Trump-Era Overhaul. Activists have been fighting with this government entity for years. Now, it's getting revamped.
Photos Capture Brutal Devastation Of California Mudslides. \It looked like a World War I battlefield,\ Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown said.
It Even Snowed In The Sahara Desert. Take a look at the stunning images captured by a local photographer.
Dogs Are Dying After Being Left Out In The Cold. Here's How To Keep Them Safe.. Hint
U.S. Energy Regulator Rejects Plan To Aid Coal, Nuclear. The move was a blow to Energy Secretary Rick Perry.
Wildfire-Scarred California Communities Must Now Brace For Floods. The state can't catch a break.
Coastal Protection. By proposing to give the oil industry absolute priority over the rest of society, and open 90 percent of America\u2019s coastal
Climate Change Has Quadrupled Ocean 'Dead Zones,' Researchers Warn. Suffocating oceans could lead to ecosystem collapse, the study says.
As Mass Coral Bleaching Occurs More Frequently, Hopes For Recovery Fade, Study Finds. \Before the 1980s, mass bleaching of corals was unheard of.\
Alaska Indigenous Women to Senator Murkowski. The Alaska senator is sneakily collaborating with the Trump administration in eliminating protections and handing sacred land to corporations.
These Photos Of A Frozen Niagara Falls Are Pure Icy Magic. Looks like Elsa's been here.
Check Out All These Doggos Enjoying The Bomb Cyclone. To them, this snow is truly \the bomb.\
2017 Saw A Record High Of Insurance Claims Due To Natural Disasters. They amount to about $135 billion.
Images Show How \u2018The Bomb Cyclone\u2019 Monster Storm Blasted The East Coast. Here are the latest images from the storm.
Heavy Snow And High Winds Pound The East Coast. The storm knocked out power, iced over roadways and closed hundreds of schools.
How To Keep Pipes From Freezing And Other Winter Storm Tips. Winter is showing no mercy, and those in its path need to be prepared.
Making Climate An All-American Issue. Congress must move collectively in guaranteeing longterm protection of our environment.
How To Avoid Disaster During This Week's Severe Cold Weather. Winter is showing no mercy, and those in its path need to be prepared.
It's So Cold That A Canadian Zoo Took Extra Precautions To Protect Its Penguins. Even penguins aren\u2019t immune to Mother Nature\u2019s chilly moods.
Winter Storm Hitting East Coast Could Shatter All-Time Cold Temperature Records. \It will be massive,\ one forecaster wrote on Twitter.
It's Snowing In Florida And People Are Loving It. Snow and palm trees. Enough said.
15 Times Running Water Was No Match For This Crazy Cold Weather. It's a bad time to be a fountain.
States Across U.S. See Record-Cold New Year's Day As Rest Of The World Boils. Ah yes, \that good old Global Warming,\ as President Donald Trump put it last week.
Deep-Freeze Forecast Threatens South With Beach Snow. Icy weather grips much of the U.S., including parts of Florida unaccustomed to wintery conditions.
Quarter Of World's Land Will Be Permanently Drier If Paris Climate Goals Not Met. Countries need to work to prevent the Earth's temperature from rising more than 1.5 degrees.
3 Sharks Die of Apparent Cold Shock On Cape Cod. But NOAA manages to save 18 \cold-stunned\ sea turtles in Texas.
Trump Administration Moves To Weaken Offshore Safety Rules Prompted By 2010 Spill. The Interior Department says the rules created in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon disaster cause \unnecessary regulatory burdens.\
Much Of America Will Kick Off 2018 With Record Low Temperatures. Meanwhile, most of the rest of the world will be abnormally warm.
The Slow But Steady Progression Toward Environmental Sustainability. As 2017 ends and 2018 begins, many of us reflect on the year that has past and think about the year to come. In the United
8 States Sue EPA Over Midwest Air Pollution. The states want the EPA to impose more stringent controls on mostly Midwestern states whose air pollution they claim is being blown in their direction.
Trump's Offshore Oil Rush A Disaster For Oceans And Climate. Nowhere is President Trump\u2019s historic assault on our natural environment more worrisome than his reckless push for increased
Baby Elephants Fend Off Myanmar Cold Spell With Homemade Blankets. Yeah, it's as adorable as it sounds.
Deer At 'Santa's Journey' Exhibit in Ireland Picked Off By Cruel Poachers. \Like shooting fish in a barrel,\ said the display's manager.
The Thomas Fire Is Now The Biggest In California's History. Firefighters continued battling the blaze over the holidays.
The Last Known Dancing Bears Of Nepal Have Been Rescued. The two sloth bears are traumatized, but rescuers are hopeful about their future.
Trump Administration Abruptly Halts Offshore Drilling Safety Study. Findings were supposed to help prevent another Deepwater Horizon disaster.
Climate Change Could Trigger More Volcanic Eruptions, Study Finds. Expect to see \a lot more volcanic activity in areas of the world where glaciers and volcanoes interact,\ the lead author says.
Fostering Clean Energy Innovation\u2014Financial Advisor Explains How To 'Put A Stake In Fossil Fuel Industry\u2019s Heart'. Marin County, CA\u2014Thomas Van Dyck, the founder of shareholder advocacy group As You Sow, has been a leader in the field of
Major Coal Company Pulls Out Of Industry Group, Citing Climate Change Stance. And it's threatening to also break ties with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Stargazers Rejoice. The 1,400-square-mile area in central Idaho offers brilliant views of the night sky.
Holiday Compassion Means Helping Farm Animals, Too. For many, the holiday season is a time for giving \u2013 and not just gifts. People donate toys and coats, volunteer time and
A Better Ice Year For Churchill's Bears... But What Does It Mean?. At this time last year, western Hudson Bay had just frozen, making it the latest freeze-up in 38 years for Churchill\u2019s polar
Some Rich People Put Anti-Bird Spikes On Trees To Protect Fancy Cars From Poo. \u201cIt\u2019s a shame to see trees being literally made uninhabitable to birds.\u201d
With Fewer Than 50 Left On Earth, Asiatic Cheetahs Are Fast Sprinting Toward Extinction. The UNDP recently announced that it would no longer fund a critical Asiatic cheetah conservation program, prompting fears for the subspecies' future.
Macaques Have Been Monkeying Around With Deer In Japan, Researchers Discover. Females may be driven by \sexual frustration,\ scientists say.
Sea Lion Attacks Shut Popular Swimming Spot In San Francisco. \I was a quarter mile from shore; there was nothing I could do,\ says a man who was bitten.
When The Fire Comes And There's No Home To Evacuate And Nowhere To Go. How the Thomas fire is affecting an already vulnerable homeless community.
Missing From Amazon's Search For A Second Home. The internet giant touts its green bona fides, but its HQ2 contest ignores global warming.
Firefighter Killed Battling Thomas Fire In Southern California, Officials Say. \u201cPlease join me in keeping our fallen firefighter and his loved ones in your prayers,\ said director of Cal Fire Ken Pimlott.
Cooking Fire At Homeless Camp Sparked Los Angeles Blaze. Some officials are calling for more resources to be directed to the city's rising homeless population in the wake of the fire.
On The Road Of Destruction To The Thomas Fire. HuffPost's reporter headed up the SoCal coast, encountering a trail of haze, smoke and burned-out devastation along the way.
Here's Why It's So Difficult To Control California's Wildfires. \A lot of people want to live in the country \u2026 without understanding the risk.\
What It's Like To Get Caught In A Wildfire. By Peter Ames Carlin I never thought we were going to die. Even when the canyon air filled with smoke, when the flames came
Uranium Company Urged Trump To Carve Up Bears Ears, Then He Did. An energy firm's lobbying team was led by Trump's incoming EPA deputy secretary.
Right Whales Could Face Extinction After Deadly Year, Researchers Say. There are only about 450 North Atlantic right whales left, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Judge Halts Razing Of Miami Forest Eyed For Walmart Center. Environmentalists say the land's development would harm 20 endangered plants and animals.
Wildfires Are The \u2018New Reality\u2019 For California, Gov. Brown Warns. \u201cThis could be something that happens every year or every few years,\ he said.
California's Thomas Fire Now Ranks Among Largest In State History. Of the state's largest fires on record, this is the only one to occur in December.
Climate Science On Trial Again. Kids across America would be smart to send their good vibes to California this weekend. More specifically, they should focus
First Fatality In Southern California Wildfires Confirmed. A 70-year-old woman died in her car along an evacuation route.
Heartbreaking Video Shows Starving Polar Bear On Warming Canadian Island. A photographer filmed the \soul-crushing\ scene to try to break through climate change apathy.
Montreal Is Ending Its Ban On Pit Bulls. \u2033\u200bMontreal is a welcoming city for pet owners and will remain so,\u201d said a city official.
Pit Bulls, Bigotry And A Book. Why would anyone feel the need to write a children's book about a pit bull? I and the illustrator, Dula Yavne, have been
California Gets Federal Emergency Declaration From Trump As SoCal Fires Rage. California raised its fire threat level to \purple\ on Friday, a never-before-used color.
San Diego Blaze Sparks New Fears As Los Angeles Still Battles Spate Of Wildfires. Hurricane-force winds could make the already devastating wildfires even worse.
No Shame, No Future. Donald Trump considers himself exceptional and, on this one thing, he\u2019s absolutely correct. His gift for unprincipled pandering
What To Give Your Very Good Dog This Holiday Season. For the pooch who has everything
Moyers And McKibben. This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com on November 7, 2017. EDITOR\u2019S NOTE
Climate Change Poses Major Threat To Manufacturing, Study Finds. Will President Trump take it seriously now?
Dramatic Video Shows Raging Southern California Wildfires Spreading. More than 83,000 acres have been blackened by the fires, which firefighters are struggling to contain.
Wind-Whipped Wildfire Threatens 1,000 Homes In Southern California. Strong winds are pushing the fire toward the cities of Santa Paula and Ventura, where about 140,000 people live.
America's Worst Idea. Zozobra, according to New Mexico tradition, is a dark character, half ghost, half monster, the enemy of everything good and
Decarbonizing The Economy. The transition depends on five key components.
In Massachusetts, Protesters Balk At Pipeline Company's Payments To Police. Kinder Morgan has paid state police more than $957,000 to guard their pipeline, a source says.
Thousands In Utah Protest Trump Plans To Shrink National Monuments. Five tribes intend to sue after Trump details his moves on Monday.
Phoenix, AZ. Phoenix aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 40 percent by 2025 and be carbon-neutral by 2050.
Zinke Aims To Shave National Monuments \u2014 Except In His Home State. The Interior secretary is backing a new 200-square-mile national monument in Montana.
Lynx Mom Wrestling With Her Babies In The Snow Will Warm Your Heart. \u201cThere are no words possible for how beautiful they are.\u201d
Bali Issues Red Alert, Orders Evacuations As Mount Agung Volcano Erupts. Some 24,000 people were evacuated to temporary shelters over the weekend.
Environmental Racism And The Appalling Silence Of The Good People. In April 1963, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was arrested as part of the Birmingham Campaign, an effort to bring national attention
Sustainability, The New Economy And Lifelong Learning. It is clear that an increased portion of our economic life is in the service sector (about 80 percent of GDP) and that economic
Ringmaster Who Killed Escaped Paris Tiger Says Cage Lock Was Cut. \We're devastated,\ says circus statement.
Great White Shark Attacks California Spear Fisherman Off Pebble Beach. The 25-year-old suffered major bite wounds to right thigh in \horrifying\ encounter.
Circus Tiger Shot Dead In Paris After Escaping From Owner. Activists posted photos of the dead cat and called for a boycott of events that use animals.
Anti-Pipeline Activist Found Guilty After Being Barred From Mentioning Climate Change. Leonard Higgins, the \valve turner\ who shut down a tar sands pipeline in Montana last year, was found guilty of a felony charge on Wednesday.
Thankful For The Millions Moving Beyond Coal Globally. I\u2019ve come back home from the United Nations climate talks (COP23) in Bonn, Germany, with so much to be thankful for - namely
Nebraska. We must continue to promote clean, renewable energy sources that will make dirty fuels obsolete.
The FAA Can't Stop People From Throwing Live Turkeys Out Of Planes. That means it can't curtail the annual \turkey drop\ in Yellville, Arkansas.
Animal Welfare Groups Slam Proposal To Speed Up Poultry Plant Lines. The National Chicken Council says speeding up processing won't hurt birds. Others disagree.
It's Not Just Elephants. Trump Rolled Back Regulations On Lion Trophies, Too.. \u201cThe folly that the killing helps lions and elephants is just that \u2015 pure folly.\
Keystone Pipeline Leaks 5,000 Barrels Of Oil In South Dakota, TransCanada Says. \It\u2019s not too late to protect Nebraska\u2019s families, farms, and communities from paying the same price,\u201d a conservation group says.
Early Signs That 2018 Will Be The Year Of The Climate Voter. It\u2019s hard to believe, but the 2018 election cycle is already here. The 2017 campaign lawn signs haven\u2019t come down yet, but
An Alternate Delegation Tries To Convince The World The U.S. Cares About Climate Change. Governors, mayors and business leaders want to prove we're not all deniers.
COP 23. The Prime Minister of Fiji, Frank Bainimarama, is the official host of this year\u2019s UN Climate Summit, COP 23.\u00a0But we\u2019re meeting
In Defense Of Green Tape. Imagine for a moment that you own a small business in the Midwest. Let\u2019s call you Alice. Your company manufactures widgets
Taking Climate-Friendly Farming To Scale. On millions of acres of grazed American range land, if you plunge a shovel into the ground, you\u2019re likely to find light-colored
Mountain Lion Captured In San Francisco Freed In California Wilds. It took two tranquilizer darts to subdue the young male.
Florida Dairy Workers Seen Beating And Kicking Cows In Undercover Video. The farm previously supplied Publix Super Markets, which has suspended deliveries.
Scotland Investigating Trump Resort's Damage To Coastal Dunes. The golf club was supposed to protect the environment and boost the economy. It did neither.
Big Wave Surfer Breaks His Back In Harrowing Wipeout On Video. \A whole world of pain happened,\ says Brit Andrew Cotton.
JPMorgan, BlackRock Tout Climate Bona Fides While Funding Amazon Oil Drilling. The financial giants are slated to make appearances at the COP23 in Germany next week.
The Exxon Valdez Of Administrations. Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Back in May 2013, a word came to mind that I wanted to see in all our vocabularies.\u00a0 It
Drilling, Drilling, Everywhere. Will the Trump administration take down the Arctic Refuge?
Boomerang Tuesday. The electoral backlash has arrived.
Trump Nominee Kathleen Hartnett White Ignores Climate Change In Her Own Backyard. \u201cHer record is abominable.\
A Major New U.S. Report Affirms. The United States sets many more extreme heat records than extreme cold records; it sees more intense heat waves and weaker, briefer cold snaps.
'Our Throats Were Burning'. According to state records, drums of unknown chemicals were stored both inside and outside of the warehouse in Parkersburg.
Trump's Carbon Cowboy. As a casting decision for Donald Trump\u2019s reality TV administration, U.S. Representative Ryan K. Zinke looked like an inspired
If Dogs Could Vote in Montreal, Mayor Denis Coderre Would be Toast. The city of Montreal will, on Sunday, choose their next mayor
'Red' Voters Or 'Blue' Voters -- They're All Green. While next week\u2019s gubernatorial elections in New Jersey and Virginia will draw the most attention from the media and political
The Launch Of Europe Beyond Coal. I just arrived in Germany for something remarkable - today\u2019s launch of Europe Beyond Coal, a coalition of groups from across
Clean Energy Is Literally A Lifesaver. In the pollution fight, humanity loses at least nine million lives every year, which disproportionately hits poor countries
Sandy And The Scientists. The good news is that people in this country are beginning to realize what\u2019s happening.
Trump\u2019s Energy Deregulation Head-Fake. Favoring fossil fuel incumbents over their clean energy competitors is not deregulation.
Remarkable Dinosaur Finds Threatened By Trump Plan To Shrink Utah Monument. A unique record of the American past may soon be open to mining.
Storm Barrels Toward Northeast On 5-Year Sandy Anniversary. Hurricane-force wind gusts are possible, the National Weather Service warns.
The Lifesaving Importance Of Pit Bull Awareness Day. Above is Juice, a pit bull type dog. Last Christmas Eve, Juice was found tied to a pole in a construction lot and left to
ICYMI. Amid all the \u201cwar on coal\u201d and climate denial banter, you never hear one basic fact from either side
Southern California Is Breaking Heat Records By Alarming Margins. At one coastal airport, the 1983 record was shattered by 15 degrees.
'Deep Democracy' \u2014 A Cure For Climate Change And Economic Inequality?. October 21, 2017, Marin Country, CA.\u2014Why has society not been able to solve the climate crisis? How can the crisis be an
LA Sets An Example Of Environmental Resistance With recycLA. 2017 has reminded us in stark terms, whether through devastating hurricanes, fires, floods, or record heat waves, that we
The Human And Financial Cost Of Pollution. The notion that poisoning the planet is bad for people and profits is not shared universally.
Climate Disasters. Three things to learn from the California wildfires.
Hikers\u2019 Families Say Deaths Motivated By \u2018Compassion\u2019. Joseph Orbeso and Rachel Nguyen were missing for three months.
As CO2 Emissions Flatten, More Powerful Greenhouse Gases Flood The Atmosphere. Recent studies paint a grim picture.
Pets And People Are Joyously Reuniting After California Wildfires. Many people tried to take pets with them, but the animals bolted in the chaos of the fires.
Feds Surrender In Tooth-And-Nail Fight To Leash Dogs In Bay Area's Open Space. LIfe's a beach \u2014 unleashed.
Study. Economic growth in developing countries doesn't have to come at the expense of the environment.
Circuses Banned From Using Elephants In New York State. The law comes four months after New York City outlawed all wild animals in circus acts.
Trump's Putting A Deadly Squeeze On Endangered Wildlife. It\u2019s a dark day in America when some of the nation\u2019s most endangered wildlife \u2013 many literally knocking on extinction\u2019s door
\u2018The Big Dark\u2019. NOAA has described the phenomenon as a \river in the sky.\
We Still Don't Know Much About How Wildfire Smoke Affects Our Health. Little research has been done on this pollution's specific effects.
Two Graphs That Explain Why California\u2019s Wildfires Will Only Get Worse. By Molly Taft The deadly wildfires ripping through Northern California are just the latest in a season of record-defying
From Anthropocene To Ecocene By 2050?. The unprecedented transformation and ecological decline caused by human activities since 1950 has prompted scientists to
Scientists Press For Marine Sanctuary After Massive Penguin Chick Die-Off. Only two Adelie chicks survived of those born to 36,000 adults in Antarctica.
Oil Rig Explodes In Louisiana, Injuring 7. One person is missing, and oil may be leaking into Lake Pontchartrain.
Firefighters Gaining Ground Against California's Deadliest Ever Blazes. The wildfires have killed at least 40 people in the past week.
Puerto Rico Plans To Have The Lights Back On By December -- At The Earliest. As of Friday, 83 percent of the hurricane-battered island was without electricity.
Beyond Disasters And Beyond Coal. Donald Trump is not going to be able to stop our vision of producing power without pollution.
Hurricane Ophelia Sheds Light On Another Climate Change Concern. This is the farthest east that a Category 3 hurricane has ever traveled in the Atlantic Basin since records began.
California 'Horror' Fires Kill At Least 40 People In One Week. The 40 confirmed fatalities make it the state's deadliest-ever fire event.
Student Flees Wildfire On Bike Carrying 70-Pound Dog In Duffel Bag. It was the second dramatic bike escape reported this week, after a pregnant woman fled with her daughters in tow.
Thousands More Flee Their Homes As California Wildfires Spread. \u201cIt\u2019s an unwieldy beast right now,\u201d a fire information officer said.
California Bans Pet Shop Sales Of Non-Rescue Cats, Dogs And Rabbits. It's the first U.S. state to do so.
We Need To Save The Places That Make America Great. We invented the national park, but now our public lands are increasingly under threat.
Paris Plans To Eliminate Gas-Powered Vehicle Sales By 2030. And the city's mayor wants to ban the sale of diesel cars by 2024.
Major Milestone. This column was co-written by Bruce Nilles, senior director of the Sierra Club Beyond Coal campaign. We have big news to
Selling Out The Arctic. The wild and unspoiled northeastern corner of Alaska known as the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge has been protected from
California Wildfires Now Deadliest In State's Recorded History. The death toll ticked up to 32 people Friday, and it's likely to climb still higher.
Haunting Video Shows Postal Worker Delivering Mail To Scorched Homes. \u201cIt was just so surreal looking, like he was the only form of normalcy in this whole aftermath.\
Horror Of California Wildfires Captured In Satellite And Aerial Photos. \u201cWe are at the worst conditions you could have right now.\u201d
Trump's War On Clean. For Donald Trump, people seem to belong in one of four categories
We Won\u2019t Back Down. Take heart, friends \u2013 all hope is not lost for our climate, and our clean air and water. Today I was honored to join an event
China\u2019s Fight Against Desertification Should Not Be Done At The Cost Of Water Security. By Kai Schw\u00e4rzel, United Nations University For the first time, China has hosted a major global event on desertification
7 Numbers That Help Put The Northern California Wildfires Into Perspective. At least 15 people have been killed.
Photos Capture Apocalyptic Aftermath Of California Wildfires. At least 17 wildfires are burning through Northern California\u2019s wine country.
Firefighters Battle To Control 15 Wildfires Raging In California. The blazes have killed at least 13 people and destroyed hundreds of homes and businesses.
Trump Administration's Rollback Of Clean Power Plan Rolls Over Our Economy, Jobs. This is good news for anybody who likes pollution, thinks we ought to hitch our economy to 19th century technology and doesn\u2019t mind dealing with extreme weather disasters.
Trump Cannot Stop The Transition To Environmental Sustainability. With the EPA administrator dining on Trump steaks with chemical polluters, hiring a coal lobbyist as his deputy, and working
Trump And Pruitt To Scrap Major Climate Action Plan. As storms and wildfires besiege our nation, Donald Trump and his EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will announce Tuesday their
Photos Capture Destructive Fury Of Fires In California Wine Country. 15 fires have burned more than 73,000 acres.
Hurricane Nate Strengthens As It Nears New Orleans And The Gulf Coast. The storm has already killed at least 30 people and is expected to grow to a Category 2 hurricane.
Trump Administration Denies Endangered Species Protection To Walruses Threatened By Climate Change. It's a \death sentence for the walrus,\ a conservation group said.
Elon Musk Floats Solar Overhaul Of Puerto Rico Power Grid, Governor Says 'Let's Talk'. Can Tesla save the island's aging -- and now hurricane-wrecked -- power grid?
EPA Is Failing To Address Pollution From Neighboring States. Scott Pruitt\u2019s Environmental Protection Agency continues to take it easy on his fossil fuel friends - this time ignoring
Will Puerto Rico Be The Prequel To Global Post-Climate Change Dystopia?. It\u2019s time to take our head out of the sand and realize that climate change is an existential threat to civilized life in the United States and around the world.
Hidden Dangers Of The Coral Reef Crisis. As residents of Florida continue to pick up the pieces after Hurricane Irma, scientists analyzing the hurricane\u2019s stronger
Climber Falls From Cathedral Spire, Marking Third Incident In Yosemite This Week. The accident follows a series of rockfalls on El Capitan that injured two and killed one Wednesday.
Group Devoted To Puerto Rico's Stray Dogs Is Flying Dozens To Safety. Reports that hundreds of dogs were killed on the famous \Dead Dog Beach\ are untrue, says The Sato Project.
Pittsburgh's Bike Culture Must Be Preserved Amid Transportation Issues. Sometimes the best solutions for the future lie in the past.
Major Grassroots Victory. This underscores the reality that the decisions that matter are being made in the states.
9 Numbers That Put Puerto Rico's Daunting Recovery Into Perspective. \u201cThe devastation in Puerto Rico has set us back nearly 20 to 30 years,\ an official said.
BHP. \2017 is the revolution year we have been speaking about.\
Pascal\u2019s Wager And Global Climate Change. Blaise Pascal was a brilliant 17th century French philosopher. Rather than try to prove the existence of God, he chose instead
Why ITC Solar Trade Case Is Far From Over. Let\u2019s put it bluntly. The International Trade Commission (ITC) made the wrong decision today in its finding of injury in
The Radioactive Puppies Of Chernobyl Are Finally Getting The Help They Need. The dogs are descendants of those left behind after the 1986 nuclear disaster.
Interior Desecrator. To no one\u2019s surprise, Zinke has apparently recommended that President Trump shrink four national monuments and open six others to mining, drilling and logging.
Twin Earthquakes Expose Mexico\u2019s Deep Inequality. Quakes still unearth the best and the worst in Mexico.
This Former Coal Miner's Perspective On Climate Change. The world isn\u2019t too big for us to screw up.
Tens Of Thousands In Puerto Rico Told To Evacuate Immediately As Dam Cracks. 70,000 people are at risk.
The Lesson Of Harvey and Irma. Rescue organizations work best when they work together
The Limits Of Engineering. How endless suburban sprawl contributed to Hurricane Harvey's devastation.
1.45 Billion Ways To Fight Climate Change. There\u2019s a connection between hurricanes like Harvey and Irma and last week\u2019s end of the Assembly\u2019s legislative session \u2013 and
Spirits In The Night. I took Darren Aronofsky to Eden. Last week, he brought me to hell. Love it or hate it, you can't watch Darren Aronofsky's
After Irma, There's A Historic Chance To Achieve The Sustainable Development Goals In The Caribbean. We must use this moment of utter devastation as an opportunity to turn toward deliberate strategies of transformation.
DiCaprio Rips Trump's Climate Record, Says Hurricanes Should Be A Wake-Up Call. \The cost of our inaction these past couple weeks has become even clearer,\ the actor and activist says at the Yale Climate Conference.
Let\u2019s Not Forget That Scientists Warned Us It Could Be A Nasty Hurricane Season. And wouldn't you know? They were right.
Hurricanes Expose Resilience Gap On Small Islands. By Robert Glasser Two years ago this month, Tropical Storm Erika, dumped an enormous quantity of rain on the small island
Small Changes In Temperature Matter \u2014 Probably More Than You Think. A recent episode of the Sam Harris podcast featured Joe Romm of ThinkProgress. Overall it was an excellent episode that over
Not All Hurricanes Are Equal. I am hardly a hurricane expert, though I did write a book about The Great Hurricane
Meet The Man Who Wants To Turn Your Poop Into Fertilizer. In the weeks following Hurricane Irma, Florida has been awash in gallons of sewage water. Human wastewater can be incredibly
Hurricanes Expose The Foundations Of Our Cities And The Limits Of Urban Sustainability. When Hurricane Harvey displaced 30,000 people in Houston and Hurricane Irma threw the lives of millions into disarray across
Days After Irma's Destruction, Caribbean Residents Now Face Hurricane Maria. The hurricane has intensified into a Category 5 storm, and threatens a number of islands including Puerto Rico and the U.S. and British Virgin Islands.
Storms Brewing In The Atlantic Prompt Another Hurricane Warning. Just days after Hurricane Irma's devastation, several storms are gaining strength.
Did The Hurricanes Change The Climate Debate?. When strident denial meets vivid reality, it creates a political storm, and that's what we\u2019re beginning to see.
California Close To Banning Pet Shop Sales Of Non-Rescue Cats, Dogs And Rabbits. The bill, aimed at fighting puppy mills and their ilk, still needs to be signed by Gov. Jerry Brown.
Hurricane Irma's Tiniest Victims Are Getting Vital Help. Orphaned raccoons. Battered owls. Confused boobies. Roughly 350 animals are being treated at the South Florida Wildlife Center.
West Virginia Revokes Approval Of Mountain Valley Pipeline As Legal Terrain Shifts. If Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe\u2019s Department of Environmental Quality continues its present course, it will likely suffer the same embarrassment.
Maintaining Pace Of Coal Retirements And Faster Clean Energy Growth Will Yield Another Half Billion Tons Of Carbon Reduction. The work ahead of us will not be easy. The Trump Administration is creating challenges at every turn, but we have prevailed
Team Trump's Plan For America's National Monuments. An order by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke aims to increase fishing access on national monuments and other public lands.
Save The Environmental Protection Agency!. This week, I had the great honor of speaking at press conference at the National Press Club calling on Congress and the White
Harvey And Irma Could Have A Silver Lining. Since Hurricanes Harvey and Irma have unleashed their wrath on the U.S. \u2015 two \u201cthousand year\u201d and $100+ billion in damage
'The Storm Is The Easy Part'. Brace yourselves for years of bureaucratic quagmire, those who lost homes warn.
Ahead Of Hurricane Irma, Miami Detained Homeless People Against Their Will. Authorities took the rare and controversial step to protect some people from the storm.
Is It Insensitive To Discuss Climate Change Right Now? No.. There is considerable urgency here.
Letter From Irma. The storm is passing.
Here's What We Know About The Florida Keys After Hurricane Irma. No fatalities have been reported so far, but that seems likely to change.
Beached Manatees Rescued From Low Tide In Wake of Hurricane Irma. The strength of the storm left two manatees stranded in the mud.
Here Are All The Records Irma Has Broken So Far, According To A Meteorologist. One hurricane expert described Irma as a \heavy hitter.\
Hurricane Irma Sucked The Ocean Away From Florida And Bahamas Beaches. This natural phenomenon occurs during extremely powerful storms.
See How Miami's Biggest Zoo Is Preparing For Hurricane Irma. The flamingos won't be in the bathroom this time.
Gator Park Preps 2,000 Alligators For Irma, Promises None Will Escape. \This isn't our first rodeo,\ a Gatorland official said as the Orlando theme park secured their animals ahead of the storm.
Is Climate Change Causing Hurricanes To Be More Severe?. Changes in weather patterns associated with warmer temperatures and strong humidity feed into the hurricanes to make them stronger.
Here's What's Insensitive, Mr. Pruitt. Dear Mr. Pruitt
Will New Scientific Breakthroughs Pave The Way For More Climate-Related Lawsuits?. As climate change impacts worsen and become more expensive to address, the question of financial responsibility will become more urgent.
Let Irma\u2019s First Casualty Be Denial. If climate scientists around the world had less class, they would be bombarding the White House switchboard with \u201cWe told
While Hurricanes Batter The South, The West Is On Fire. More than 26,000 firefighters are currently fighting blazes across the West.
Hurricane Irma Barrels Through Caribbean, Leaving Behind 'Total Carnage'. The storm killed eight people on Saint Martin and one person on Barbuda.
Flying Into Hurricane Irma's Eye Looks As Scary As You Think It Would. Intense video reveals what it's like to travel through the Category 5 storm.
Houston, Bangladesh, And Global Warming. More than 1,000 people across south Asia have died as a result of flooding this summer.
Denmark's Corporate Sector Just Sold Off Its Last Oil Company. The country is aggressively transitioning to wind power. But that doesn't mean the oil is going away.
Climate Change Means More Than Politics. I am a female, I am a young Republican, and I believe in climate change. There are conflicting stereotypes in the preceding
Vets Fight To Save Horses In Harvey Aftermath. \u201cTheir skin was literally falling off.\u201d
Receding Floodwaters Reveal Extent Of Houston Area's Post-Harvey Destruction. There is a lot of work to be done. And Texans are volunteering for the task.
Harvey Left Countless Pets Homeless. Here\u2019s What It Takes To Shelter Them.. Vets and volunteers at a intake center in Katy have seen nearly 2,000 pets, large and small.
Tech Billionaire Pledges $36 Million To Start Harvey Relief Charity. Texas natives Michael and Susan Dell are starting a new charity that aims to raise $100 million.
This Pilot Rescued More People In Harvey Than In The Rest Of His Career Combined. But first, Jason Brownlee needed rescue himself.
Irma Intensifies Into Category 3 Hurricane. The hurricane is over the eastern Atlantic and headed toward the Caribbean.
When Will We Start Expecting Extreme Weather, And Planning For It?. We cannot claim surprise any longer.
Burning Houston Chemical Plant Highlights Trump-Pruitt Refusal To Improve Chemical Safety. This morning a flooded\u00a0chemical plant in Crosby, Texas, 20 miles from Houston, continues to burn, after explosions there
Residents Near Texas Chemical Plant Evacuated Over Explosion Risk. Earlier on Tuesday, the owner of the plant said the situation at its Crosby plant \u201chas become serious.\u201d
Arctic Warming Made Harvey A \u2018Killer Storm,' Climate Researcher Says. \u201cWhat happens in the Arctic doesn't stay in the Arctic,\u201d says Charles H. Greene.
Live Updates On Hurricane Harvey's Aftermath. The storm has brought unprecedented damage to the Houston area.
Another Fire Rages At Texas Chemical Factory. The company says there likely will be \additional incidents\ at the plant.
3 Tips For Dealing With Trump-Pruitt Scandal Overload. A colleague leaned into my office to ask if I\u2019d heard that the chair of EPA\u2019s Superfund task force was just fined $125,000
6 Family Members, Including 4 Children, Found Dead In Van Swept Away By Harvey Floods. Samuel Saldivar, who escaped, had been driving his relatives to safety when their vehicle was overtaken by the water.
Hurricane Harvey Is A Climate-Change Storm. Warm air holds more water, producing heavier downpours. When it\u2019s warm, water evaporates faster than it condenses. This causes
Harvey Has Broken Records On Tornado Warnings Every Day So Far. Iowa State University archives show the last three days have seen the most warnings issued for Houston since 1996.
Winter Cold Used To Kill Off Forest-Eating Beetles. Not Anymore.. Climate change could spread Southern pine beetles as far north as Canada, a new study finds.
Houston Faces Another Threat. \u201cAir pollution is one of the unseen dangers of the storm,\ a scientist said.
As Officials Attempt To Protect Dams, More Houston Neighborhoods Deal With Flooding. The Army Corps of Engineers has been releasing water from reservoirs in hopes of preventing dam collapse.
Catastrophic Floods Threaten Millions After Hurricane Harvey Drenches Houston. Over 30 inches of rain fell on some parts of southeast Texas.
Good Samaritans Rescue Fellow Citizens Amid Catastrophic Floods. Locals show incredible strength as they pull together in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
Texas Officials Spar Over Hurricane Evacuation Order That Never Happened. Authorities in Texas could not agree on whether an evacuation would claim or save lives.
Houston Faces Catastrophic Flooding And Rain As Tropical Storm Harvey Lingers. Five people have reportedly died in the Houston area, according to the National Weather Service.
Pets Weren\u2019t Forgotten In The Rush To Save People In Harvey's Path. Some animals have even been evacuated to safer cities to make room in local shelters.
Harvey's 'Unprecedented' Rainfall And Flooding Are 'Only Getting Worse'. The National Weather Service says the effects of this hurricane are 'catastrophic.'
Why Houston Is So Prone To Devastating Floods. Houston has a problem.
Dramatic Photos Show Texas Under Water, With Flooding Expected To Worsen. The muddy floodwaters have taken out highways, buildings and numerous cars.
Harvey Spawns Tornadoes That Devastate Homes Outside Houston. At least two counties were struck by tornadoes, ripping apart homes and other buildings.
Hurricane Harvey. Here's how it looks from the Hurricane Hunters' perspective.
After Harvey, Threat Of 'Dramatic Flooding' Could Mean The Worst Is Still To Come. One meteorologist estimated 20 trillion gallons of water could fall on Texas in the next week.
The Terrifying Look Of Harvey Before It Hits The Texas Coast. The hurricane was upgraded to a Category 4 shortly before its expected landfall.
Photos Show Devastation Left Behind From Hurricane Harvey. The Texas Gulf Coast suffered significant damage.
Texans Ride Out The Fury Of The Storm Inside A La Quinta Inn. The floods could still come and they don't know about their homes, but they made it through the night.
NASA Astronauts Share Images Of Hurricane Harvey From Space. Scientists say the storm is \life-threatening.\
Trump Admin Releases Report Trying To Justify Bailing Out Dirty, Expensive Power Plants. Late Wednesday, Trump\u2019s Secretary of Energy Rick Perry released a controversial grid report in an effort to pressure market
Texans Brace For 'Life-Threatening' Hurricane Harvey To Hit Friday. Harvey strengthened into a Category 2 storm overnight.
Truth Or Lies? Separating Fact From Fiction In The Age Of Fake News. We must be wary of letting ourselves be swayed by lies that may appeal to our wishes for the world rather than recognizing how the world really is.
Trump Administration Continues to Bulldoze Environmental Regulations. Amid the global outcry over President Trump\u2019s remarks that sought to legitimize white supremacists at a press conference
Global Political Crises Boil Down To Two Words. This joke is on us, with an unlikely punch line
The Food Waste Crisis. In Scotland, 600,000 tonnes of food are thrown away every year[1]. This is food waste. This amount of food, which could feed
Collusion Or Coincidence? Records Show EPA Efforts To Slow Herbicide Review Came In Coordination With Monsanto. Newly released government email communications show a persistent effort by multiple officials within the Environmental Protection
NAFTA Renegotiation Is A Stark Reminder That States And Cities Must Protect Against Climate Disaster. Local governments can still work with Canada and Mexico on a forward-looking North American energy strategy.
Scott Pruitt And Donald Trump\u2019s Stealth War On EPA. The Trump Administration has demonstrated a great deal of high-visibility incompetence, from foreign policy pronouncements
Subsidizing The Fossil Fuel End Game -- Beyond Incoherence. Always remember, the world\u2019s richest governments are throwing taxpayer money at well-connected oil, gas and coal companies.
6 Trump Administration Climate Claims Exposed As Total Nonsense By Federal Report. There\u2019s actually no \u201ctremendous disagreement\u201d among federal climate scientists that humans are to blame for accelerated global warming.
#OnlyYou, #TeamSmokey. That\u2019s right friends, I need you.
Yes, I Drove My SUV To The Environmental Protest. Activism does not require perfection.
The Utilities Knew, Exxon Knew, Shell Knew, They All Knew. Climate deniers are fast running out of deception and lies. Just a few days ago, an exhaustive report by the Energy and Policy
Scant Oversight, Corporate Secrecy Preceded US Weed Killer Crisis. Farmers are posting startling pictures on social media
Climate Change Is Key Driver Of Disasters. Over the last 20 years, some 90 percent of major recorded disaster events have been weather-related.
DOE Secretary Perry\u2019s Grid Reliability Study. The Secretary issued a memo on April 14 of this year, with a missed completion deadline of five weeks ago, and a set of premises
USDA Says They Never Told Staff To Use 'Weather Extremes' Instead Of 'Climate Change'. But email correspondence just after the inauguration indicates otherwise.
Activists Claim Video Shows MTV Reality Star Shooting Hammerhead Shark. MTV declined to comment on whether Alex Kompothecras, of the show \Siesta Key,\ was involved in the incident.
Internal EPA Documents Show Scramble For Data On Monsanto\u2019s Roundup Herbicide. The documents raise questions about how and why regulators for years have failed to require robust testing on what is the world\u2019s most widely-used weed killer.
Massive California Wildfire Near Yosemite Sparked By Gunfire, Officials Say. The blaze burned more than 80,000 acres of land and destroyed 63 homes.
Saving One Starfish. I spend a good amount of ink (or screen space) on differences in gender, race and age. Another area of difference that is
Is My Drinking Water Safe? Here's How You Can Find Out. The ConversationSafe drinking water is a critical resource.
An Inconvenient Sequel. Go see \u201cAn Inconvenient Sequel\u201d.\u00a0 It\u2019s entertaining, educational, inspiring and even better than \u201cAn Inconvenient Truth\u201d. It
Pets Left In Hot Cars Is Everyone's Problem. It\u2019s one thing to understand the gravity of a life-changing issue, but another to stay vigilant about it. The dangers of
An Ethanol Mandate Increase Would Be Bad News For Black America. Any policy that contributes to energy poverty is a bad one for low-income families and minority communities.
To Save Elephants, New York To Crush Nearly 2 Tons Of Ivory. \u201cCrushing the ivory shows that the ivory has no value, so people can stop killing the elephants,\u201d a Wildlife Conservation Society spokesman says.
Magic Scott\u2019s Misdirection. Like a magician who distracts the audience to accomplish his trick, Scott Pruitt has decided to stage an exercise pitting
Scott Pruitt Must Not Delay Critical Water Toxics Standards For Coal Plants. The Sierra Club will fight this attempt to delay and weaken these vital clean water protections every step of the way, with every tool at our disposal.
Scientists Say Much Of South Asia Could Be Too Hot To Live In By 2100. The areas likely to be worst affected in northern India, southern Pakistan and Bangladesh are home to 1.5 billion people, said the study\u2019s co-author.
More Animal Abuse Claims Emerge Against Boaters Filmed Dragging Shark. Locals are sharing other shocking images after the original video surfaced.
Trying To Breathe. Even though greenhouse gas emissions in the state are declining \u2014down 10 percent since peak levels in 2004 \u2014localized pollution is another matter.
Thanks For Saving Health Care. Now, Save The Planet.. We need to stop defeating pipelines, wells, and mines and make them obsolete instead.
How Congress Is Cementing Trump's Anti-Climate Orders into Law. These efforts are mostly flying under the radar, but they could short-circuit lawsuits and make it harder to restore environmental protections.
Regenerative Appalachia. So, it\u2019s hard to explain what led to the \u201cgreat crisis.\u201d You see, everyone said it would never happen. A megadrought has
Single Wolf Dad Cares For Pups Alone After Mother Shot In Zoo Escape. Ash is helping his pups adjust after their mother's death.
Another Fox In The Henhouse. In a move that will probably surprise no one, but should dismay everyone who breathes air and drinks water, recent reports
Debunking Steve Milloy\u2019s EPA Conspiracy Theory. In a recent Wall Street Journal editorial, Steve Milloy concocted a spectacular \u2014 and fictitious \u2014 tale of corruption within
SeaWorld's Last Orca Calf Born In Captivity Has Died At San Antonio Park. Kyara, who was 3 months old, was the last orca born from the park's now-discontinued breeding program.
Moby, Russell Simmons And Others Speak Out On An Issue That Needs Our Immediate Attention. \Going vegan was the most important lifestyle change I made.\
Staying Hopeful In A Troubling Time. I\u2019ve been learning lately that among those who analyze and think about the environment and sustainability, I am considered
Snooty, World's Oldest Captive Manatee, Dead At 69. \A lot of people loved that manatee. We loved him too.\
Time To End Subsidies That Are Destroying Forests. Something is destroying our forests. In tropical regions alone, we lose an area of forest the size of Austria every year
End Finally In Sight For Massive California Wildfire. The Detwiler fire is nearly halfway contained.
Elaborate 'Dead Whale' Stunt Takes Parisians By Surprise. There was fortunately a good reason behind the stirring display.
Who Charmed Whom?. The Associated Press reports that French President Emmanuel Macron has been reminiscing about his meetings with Donald Trump
Al Gore Takes On Trump On 'Provable Idiocy'. \u201cWhen President Trump made his speech withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris agreement I was worried that other countries would
World Heritage Coral Reefs Likely To Disappear By 2100 Unless CO2 Emissions Reduce Drastically. Last month, UNESCO released the first global scientific assessment of climate change impacts on World Heritage coral reefs
Global Series. On the Tibetan plateau, the village of Yunta is showing that animals and humans can live peacefully together and care for
What If Summer Came To Westeros?. Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com If you\u2019re looking for fairy tales that are on the grim (not Grimm) side, things that once
Is A Healthy Environment A Human Right?. Do we have a fundamental right to breathe clean air, drink clean water and eat safe food? The idea of environmental human
From Paris To The Rocky Mountains. At the G20 summit in Europe, President Trump figuratively sulked in a corner while all 19 other nations (including Saudi
In Space, This Is The Age Of Reusability. Two years later, the company began trying to recover used boosters by having them make controlled descents into the ocean
Global Series. Catesby Holmes, The Conversation; Clea Chakraverty, The Conversation; Fabrice Rousselot, The Conversation, and Stephan Schmidt
The Economic And Military Rationale For Tackling Climate Change. As the United States government stood alone at the G20 meeting, the only opponent of the Paris Accord and the global effort
America's Pledge. But the clock is ticking.
Rising Sea Temperatures Will Hit Fisheries And Communities In Poor Countries The Hardest. Local impact, global problem All fisheries are not created equal, and fish take on different importance in different places
Cities And States Take The Lead With New Paris Agreement Pledge. Good news and real leadership are here, just when we need them most, as a massive trillion-ton iceberg breaks away from the
Fisherman Killed By Whale Moments After Rescuing It From Nets. Joe Howlett, who co-founded the Campobello Whale Rescue Team, saved \dozens of whales over the last 15 years.\
Dirty. Expensive. Unnecessary.. This column was co-written by Louie Miller, director of Sierra Club Mississippi. These three truths became well known to
Nuns Opposed To Pipeline Dedicate Outdoor Chapel On Proposed Route. If the management team at Williams Partners was having flashbacks on Sunday, it was by design. The Oklahoma-based pipeline
Bar Wars. It clearly is a great time to be an environmental lawyer.
Multiple Wildfires Rage Across California. The blazes come as the state battles an intense heatwave.
Controversy, Questions Surround California\u2019s Listing Of Weed Killer As Cancer Cause. (First published in Environmental Health News.) California\u2019s official listing today of the world\u2019s most widely used weed
Dear Mr. Bloomberg. Dear Michael Bloomberg, Climate hope is refreshed from time to time with actions of climate resistance. While viewers across
Hong Kong Makes Massive Ivory Seizure. The bust shines a light on the need for a stricter ivory ban, anti-poaching activists say.
This NYC Circus Bill Has The Meat Industry Scared. The meat industry is sounding the alarm. Following New York City\u2019s historic vote to ban the use of wild animals in circuses
What Is The Real Value Of The Great Barrier Reef?. This article was written by Mark Gough, Executive Director and Joseph Harris-Confino, Communications Officer, Natural Capital
What Has The World Come To? Teenagers Have To Lobby Our Leaders To Breath Clean Air.. 15-year-olds to shouldn\u2019t have to spend Martin Luther King Day- a precious day off school- lobbying for climate change policy
Climate And The G20 Summit. Niklas H\u00f6hne, Wageningen University; Andrew Marquard, University of Cape Town, and William Wills, Federal University of Rio
Appeals Court Rejects Trump's Attempt To Delay Obama Oil-Drilling Rule. Oil and gas companies will have to reduce methane emissions, beginning immediately.
The Real 'Energy Week' News. In May, the Trump administration began staging weekly policy themes like \u201cjobs,\u201d \u201ctechnology,\u201d and \u201cinfrastructure.\u201d Not
Injured Bald Eagle Found In D.C. On Independence Day Weekend. Rescuers are unsure what caused the bird's problems.
Adorable Bear Cubs Hitch A Ride On Mom's Back Across An Alaska Lake. Thanks, Mom!
Workers\u2019 Health on the Chopping Block. The Trump administration is currently a health threat to the workers Trump promised to save.
From New York To Romania, Restoration Ecology Is Helping Nature (And Humanity) Heal. Mihnea Tanasescu, Vrije Universiteit Brussel New York City\u2019s Bronx River used to be an open sewer, more useful for carrying
This Land Is Our Land. The 4th of July, of all our national holidays, should be a time time when we can come together as Americans to celebrate
Good News, Bad News. By tailoring solutions to circumstances in each state, we're bringing diverse groups together to find common-sense solutions
Understanding The Root Causes Of Natural Disasters. After protracted negations with insurance companies, most financial losses were covered, but the affected citizens reported
Understanding Today\u2019s Climate Politics. When we first started to discuss and address the issue of adaptation to climate change, we were criticized for giving up
Read This If You Think You Have Money-Making Climate-Change Solutions. Bertrand Piccard is a third-generation explorer whose ancestors have set records for altitude, depth, and speed \u2013 and always
Leaving The Paris Pact Puts America Last. The Trump administration\u2019s reckless and painfully short-sighted decision to walk away from the Paris agreement is bad economics
Leaping Whale Nearly Capsizes New Jersey Fishing Boat. \Moby Dick\ encounter was \definitely one of the craziest experiences in my life,\ says Paul Ziolkowski.
Schwarzenegger And Macron Troll Trump Over Climate Change. Former California governor meets in France with \great leader\ to talk about environmental issues.
As Climate Change Threatens Food Supplies, Seed Saving Is An Ancient Act Of Resilience. In Norway, a high-tech seed vault flooded from melting permafrost. In Montana, locals keep their seeds in the library. On
Record-Breaking Heat Wave In Southwest Reportedly Claims 4 Lives. The National Weather Service has issued heat advisories and warnings, urging residents to stay indoors and to drink plenty of water.
The NYC Circus Ban Is Just The Beginning. They said it would never happen. Elephants, tigers, and other wild animals would always be forced to perform for our entertainment
Why Coal Mining Families Should Embrace A Fee On Carbon. Last week Alpha Natural Resources announced the opening of a new mine in Raleigh County, West Virginia. According to the
A Bold Proposal To Unleash America\u2019s Green Economy. Too much hangs in the balance to take a 'do nothing' approach to combating climate change.
NY Police Rescue Ducklings Trapped In Storm Drain. The orphan birds now being cared for by a National Park Service biologist.
Environmental Lessons I Learned In Europe. The U.S. is missing the boat when it comes to climate change.
Sinking Island Passes Fundraising Goal After Trump Says It's Not Sinking. Chesapeake Bay residents hope to build a sea wall to hold off rising waters.
One Of The World\u2019s Largest Icebergs Is About To Break Off Antarctica. Here\u2019s What It Should Be Named.. The first feeling is a chilling awe, as you watch the British Antarctic Survey\u2019s aerial footage of the great crack that is
Hawaiian Canoe Completes Three-Year Voyage Around The World. The Hokulea's mission
Protecting America\u2019s Working Forests Begins With Innovative Companies. The private sector\u2014and corporate America in particular\u2014has led the charge on an array of sustainability issues, climate change
Silent Partners. Small but mighty, earthworms transform the soil of any ecosystem they inhabit. In farm fields, we appreciate the way they
A Look Back At The 4 Years Since The PA Dems Voted For A Fracking Moratorium. It's clearer than ever that it\u2019s time to ban fracking in PA, not institutionalize it.
Meet The Man Looking To Reshape Our Relationship To Food. Twenty-two years ago, Stephen Brooks\u2019 life changed when he watched a Chiquita banana crop dusting airplane fly over a group
Meanwhile, In The Real World. President Trump may have decided he wants to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, but the rest of the country isn\u2019t
Judge Rejects $2.4 Million Fine For Oil Company Over Blast That Killed 7. State officials had said the Tesoro Anacortes refinery explosion was the oil company's fault.
Still-Blinking Beached Humpback Whale Euthanized After Failed Rescue. The animal's health deteriorated amid rough seas off Australia.
Lincoln Memorial Pool To Be Drained After 80 Ducklings Die. Authorities suspect the elevated levels of parasites that live in snails could be the culprit.
Macron Trolls Trump With 'Make Our Planet Great Again' Recruiting Site. Allons-y! French president is serious about opening borders to environmentalists.
Life Below The Ocean\u2019s Surface Wholly Depends On How We Live Above It. UN leaders can make progress on ocean conservation through non-traditional approaches.
No, Palm Oil Is Not Responsible For 40% Of Global Deforestation. Distorted information is able to directly shape public opinion.
What Is World Oceans Day Meant To Do?. What does it take for the will of the people to coalesce around a single issue?
Hawaii Becomes America's First State To Adopt The Paris Climate Accord. \It is time for states and governors to lead,\u201d Gov. David Ige said.
Pruitt And Trump Seek To Illegally Delay Air Pollution Standard, Jeopardize Public Health. Late Tuesday we learned that Donald Trump\u2019s EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt, will illegally attempt to delay the implementation
U.S. Lashed As 'Main Threat' To Environment At UN Ocean Conference. Climate accord exit is \attempting to deny a future to upcoming generations,\ Bolivian President Evo Morales charges.
This Paint Could Change The Face Of Sustainable Design. It effectively acts as a source of sustainable heat energy.
Trump\u2019s 'Laughing Stock' Climate Change Argument Shifts From Science To Economics. Ironically, the vast oil reserves beneath the Arctic are now drillable because global warming has melted the Arctic ice enough
Vanity Of Vanities. \So we're getting out.\ And, with those words, Donald Trump turned his back on humanity, and pulled the US out of the Paris
Scott Pruitt's Big Coal Lie. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt told a whopper of a lie on Meet the Press, claiming that the coal industry has grown by 50,000
If The White House Won't Fight Climate Change, I Will. As a 15-year-old, my number one concern is climate change. My future will be shaped by the action or inaction taken today
Is Donald Trump Our Secret Climate Hero?. Never in my life have I seen such a huge flood of articles, blogs, discussions, tweets on the importance of fighting climate change.
Can Paris Exit Make 2020 Elections A Referendum On Climate Change?. Every crisis must be an opportunity, this one perhaps more than any. But before we attempt to move on, let\u2019s take a collective
U.S. Withdrawal From The Paris Agreement Misreads The Evolving Energy Sector. To remain competitive with other nations, we must be a part of the infrastructure associated with the Paris Agreement.
Don't Cheer Up. On Thursday, President Trump announced he will withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement. If that makes
14 Poisoned By Wild Death Cap Mushrooms In California. Three victims, including a toddler, needed liver transplants.
City Halls, Bridges Across America Glow Green To Show Continued Support For Paris Accord. \World, the Empire State stands with you,\ tweets NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
6 Reasons Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Was Totally, Definitely The Right Move. At Ben & Jerry's, we know a good idea when we see one.
End Of Complacency And The Rise Of Nouveau Environmentalism. Yesterday, at three o\u2019clock, the crescendo of \u201cWill he or won\u2019t he? He can\u2019t, can he?\u201d ended with \u201cHe just did.\u201d Surrounded
To Conserve Forests, We Need To Think Beyond Current Ideas Of Integration Or Segregation. James Douglas Langston, James Cook University Deforestation has historically been the price of development, but the world
Why Trump\u2019s Withdrawal From Paris Climate Agreement Means More Asbestos Exposures. With climate change comes more natural disasters, and with more natural disasters comes more exposure to deadly asbestos.
Climate Change Is The Real Job Killer, Not The Paris Climate Agreement. With the withdrawal of the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement, President Donald Trump has put the United States
Conscious Business Trumps The President\u2019s Paris Decision. The marketplace moves in the direction of its own survival.
Withdrawal From The Paris Accord -- Not The Treatment For What Ails Us. As Donald Trump returns from his first trip abroad, I am appalled that the current administration stubbornly refuses to acknowledge
Stockholm Pursues Climate Holy Grail. People have been wondering what the city\u2019s secret recipe is for making carbon emissions disappear.
Stockholm Pursues Climate Holy Grail. STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN\u2014Stockholm is aligned with the Swedish government in its belief that climate change is one of the world\u2019s
The Trump Administration Is Selling Out Wild Horses. Apparently, it\u2019s more convenient to kill defenseless horses than to responsibly address a man-made problem in their management.
What FERC Is And Why It Matters. The Commission never factors into its decisions any climate impacts.
Does The EU Have What It Takes To Be A Climate Leader?. Leadership is more than just shaking hands at high-level summits.
Blue Whale Found Dead On Northern California Beach Likely Struck By Ship. 79-foot female suffered blunt force trauma and several broken bones.
Gorgeous Video Captures An Ocean of Fog In The Grand Canyon. During a rare full cloud inversion, fog appears to \crash\ against the rocks.
Climate 101 For The President. There is a fundamental reason that America cannot be an outlier on climate change
Secretary Zinke. This attempt to roll back protections for national monuments is unprecedented and terribly misguided.
Ponca Tribe Leader Arrested At Standing Rock Explains Why The Fight Continues. \u201cWe are one of the cancer capitals of the world...\
Food Waste Efforts Scrapped From EPA budget. By Ashley Stanley The Trump administration unveiled its $4.1 billion budget Tuesday, and the shock waves are being felt far
Survey Finds 8 In 10 People See Climate Change As 'Catastrophic Risk'. The report surveyed more than 8,000 people in eight countries.
Huge Landslide Buries More Of Scenic California Highway. The aftermath continues from an unusually rainy winter.
In British Columbia, A Strange Pattern In Humpback Whale Behaviour Raises The Stakes For Conservation. Eric Keen, University of California, San Diego In a fjord system of northern British Columbia, Canada\u2019s westernmost province
Sea Lion Dragging Kid Into The Water Is A Good Reminder Not To Feed Wild Animals. A witness captured the scary moment on camera.
Arctic Doomsday Seed Vault Gets Doused By Climate Change. The entrance of the \last-chance\ food source was flooded recently.
Selling Dog Meat May Be Banned At This Year's Yulin Dog Meat Festival. Officials are not confirming the ban, and some people are questioning whether it's real.
Water Is Life At Standing Rock. Where does the struggle to stop DAPL stand now? Students have answers.
Rising Tides And The World\u2019s Next Refugee Crisis. By Craig and Marc Kielburger As the Brooklyn streets went dark and flooded with water, pummeled by the onslaught of Hurricane
States And Cities Can Save The Paris Pact. There are influential, bipartisan and surprising allies urging President Donald Trump to keep the United States in the Paris
The Global Movement To Divest From Fossil Fuels Is Unstoppable. Climate impacts are taking us into uncharted territory.
Two Swedish Economists Foresaw The Backlash Against Globalisation \u2013 Here's How To Mitigate It. With trade, low-tech goods become relatively cheaper in the US. But, critically, people who work in low-tech industries there
Trump's Escape From His Paris Dilemma. There is a solution to this dilemma.
Why Rosario Dawson Is Backing A Home Compost Campaign. She's lending her star power to Alison Teal's video showing how easy it is to start your own compost bin at home.
Someone Illegally Shot A Rare White Wolf At Yellowstone National Park And Left It To Die. Hikers found the mortally wounded female, which had to be put down.
My Mom Wants Climate Action, Not Breakfast In Bed. This Sunday is Mother\u2019s Day. In honor of the holiday my staff asked moms across the country what they really wanted to celebrate
We Can Limit Global Warming To 1.5\u00b0C If We Do These Things In The Next Ten Years. Climate Action Tracker., Author provided We looked at all the major emitting sectors and the most recent scientific analyses
Trump Ethical Storm. Back when Donald Trump was a real estate developer whose projects involved thousands of construction workers, he repeatedly
The World Might be Better Off if Trump Leaves the Paris Agreement. The dark-haired man looked haggard and world-weary as he leaned towards the microphone. \u201cWe seek your leadership,\u201d he told
Nearly 400 Birds Migrate Hundreds Of Miles Only To Fatally Crash Into Texas Building. Experts say high winds and the building's bright lights contributed to the tragedy.
This May Be The 'Most Contaminated Killer Whale' Ever Recorded. Experts fear other members of the orca\u2019s pod may have so much toxic PCBs in their bodies that they can\u2019t reproduce.
As Ice Melts, Dangerous Diseases From The Past Could Rise Again. One more serious thing to worry about as the planet warms.
A Monumental Cave-In. By Gabrielle Gurley This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. On his first day on the job
Trump Asked Industry Which Environmental Rules To Target Next. Here Are 5 Of Their Most Outrageous Requests.. The Trump administration has already cancelled or sought to undermine 23 rules that protect our health and environment\u00a0\u2013\u00a0including
The Good, The Bad, And The Bigly. Donald Trump signed another executive order last week and, no surprise, it was awful. This one aims to expand oil drilling
California Rescuers Use Surf-Leash Tourniquet To Help Shark Attack Victim. The \back of her leg was kind of missing,\ said a witness who rushed to the rescue.
Trump's Monumental Betrayal. Do I really need to list all the reasons why attacking our national monuments is a terrible idea?
It Only Takes A Few Countries To Kickstart A Decarbonization Revolution. The most progressive field in the power sector is renewable energy.
This Is What The Climate March Looked Like Across The Country. Donald Trump may not think climate change should be a priority, but these Americans do.
D.C. Peoples Climate March features Merkley, Markey, Cantwell, Vel\u00e1zquez, Whitehouse, Healey. Susie Davidson tweets at @SusieDavidsonMA.\u00a0 \u201cHenry David Thoreau said, \u2018what use is a home if you don\u2019t have a tolerable
Trump Is Ignoring His Environmental Mandate. If Donald Trump had received 70% of the vote in last November\u2019s election, we would hear no end of boasting about his incontrovertible
Watch Orca Pack Hunt Yet Another Whale Calf During 'Unprecedented' Killing Spree. The pod of orcas has killed four gray whale calves off California's coast in just seven days.
California Sea Level Could Rise 10 Feet By End Of This Century. Airports, roads, towns and homes could be swamped, a state report says.
It's The First Climate Lawsuit To Make It This Far, But It Won\u2019t Be The Last. We need a separation of oil and state.
First 100 Days Of Trump. Donald Trump has been president for 100 days as of Saturday April 29th. During that time he has done virtually nothing to
SoCal Business Leaders Send Open Letter To EPA Chief Warning Against Rollback Of Environmental Regulations. Today the Los Angeles Business Council sent an urgent warning to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt
In The Fight For Racial Justice, We Cannot Overlook The Climate Crisis. From increases in severe weather such as hurricanes and droughts, to the toxins that are poisoning our soil, air and water
Wanted. The future of clean green jobs is no longer with the federal government.
Drones Aid In Search For Lost Grand Canyon Hikers. Lou Ann Merrell and her step grandson have been missing since April 19.
We've Hit Yet Another Frightening Milestone For Carbon Dioxide. This is going to get worse before it gets better.
6 Conservationists Win Major Prize For Environmental Activism. The Goldman Prize recognizes grassroots efforts to defend the planet.
Giraffes Are In Danger Of Extinction. Last Saturday, more than a million people watched April the giraffe give birth via live-stream from a U.S. zoo, yet again
At 15 Years Old, My Fight For The Environment Is For The World I'll Inherit. Environmental rights are human rights, and doing right by our youth means making sure the Earth we're given is habitable.
Ms. Frizzle Made The March For Science Protests Magical. Even \The Magic School Bus\ star stood up to President Donald Trump.
Bill Nye Slams CNN For Putting Climate Change Skeptic On Earth Day Panel. \u201cI will say, as much as I love the CNN, you\u2019re doing a disservice,\ Nye said.
In Europe, A Solidarity March For Science \u2014 And A Call To Action In Political Debates. Luc Soete, United Nations University On Earth Day, Saturday April 22 2017, scientists will descend from their ivory towers
Shelterless In Sacramento. Folded into a bend in Sacramento\u2019s American River, it was quiet. Cloistered. A reprieve from life in the concrete jungle of downtown.
An Earth Day Expletive. Of threat assessments, the one that is least predictable is disease. However, scientists are training attention on the way
Climate Change As Genocide. This goes beyond indifference.  This is complicity in mass extermination.
This Earth Day, I Stand For Science. When I started my career at an investment bank more than 20 years ago, I never imagined natural science, in addition to economic
Who Will Protect The Air We Breathe And Water We Drink? The Resistance. By Rich Stolz More and more Americans are coming to the conclusion that climate change is no myth at a time when the Trump
Iowa City's Sustainability Showcase. Tucked away at the end of a residential cul-de-sac in Iowa City, just south of Interstate 80 and growing suburbs, the daffodils
Australia Animals Lovers Offer $5,000 Reward To Find Platypus Killers. Three animals were found dead, two of them decapitated.
Powerful Earthquake Rocks Underwater Divers In The Philippines. \u201cIt felt like there was a huge propeller of a big boat turning around directly above us,\u201d one diver said.
The U.S. Requires An Energy Technology Strategy. Similar to all complex challenges, increased resources to support energy technologies are only a partial answer.
What If Trump And Xi Were To See Eye To Eye On Sustainability?. President Trump and President Xi of China recently met. Imagine a world in which Trump and Xi, the leaders of the two largest
3 Ways Young People Can Come Together To Fight Climate Change. With the climaxing threats, climate change is putting the future of the world in evident disasters. Should owners of the
Time Is 'Running Out' As Great Barrier Reef Hit By Another Mass Bleaching. \u201cClearly the reef is struggling.\
10-Foot Shark Beaches Itself In California. The shark was apparently sick or injured and likely didn't survive.
Mesmerizing Video Of Hawaii Beach Sand Reveals Unsettling Reality. The ocean's plastic pollution problem is hiding in plain sight.
Wading Into the Amazon Rainforest In Search Of Illegal Logging. Because of the obstacles, GEF \u2014 pronounced (JEFF-ee) \u2014 often patrols in helicopters and utilizes satellite images. Working
Why The March For Science And People's Climate March Are Important. In the next few weeks, millions of people will mobilize to take part in several marches, two most notably
Arrival Of Mountain Lion Kitten In Santa Monica Hills Highlights The Issue Of Cats' Limited Space. It\u2019s hard for them to travel longer distances because highways hem them in, so they tend to inbreed.
Even A Museum Dedicated To Coal Is Powering Itself On Renewable Energy. The Kentucky Coal Mining Museum is installing solar panels.
California's Super Bloom Trampled By Hordes Of Overeager Visitors. Prime lake trail was shut as environmentalists assessed damage, added staff to protect wildflowers.
Hundreds Of Icebergs Have Clogged Shipping Routes In The North Atlantic. \I\u2019ve never seen anything like this or heard of anything like this before.\u201d
Illegal Pot Farms Are Poisoning California\u2019s Forests. In the meantime, wildlife and the environment \u2014 and likely pot smokers themselves \u2014 will pay a price we\u2019re only beginning to understand.
Regulation By Litigation. Litigation is a divisive tool for environmental decision-making.
Angry California Bees Kill Dog After Hive Owner Harvests Honey. Neighbors were told to shelter in place. The bees were relocated and euthanized.
Watch The Terrifying Moment A Wave Slams A Boat Into A California Pier. Four people survived the crash with no serious injuries.
Clean Energy Is Dirt Cheap -- Unless You Live In Southeast Asia. Co-authored by Matt Sebonia Global Climate Capital Everywhere you look headlines scream clean energy progress in Asia. Whether
Japan Returns With 333 Minke Whale Carcasses After 'Scientific Expedition'. Calling the killing research ducks moratorium on commercial hunts, rights groups say.
Family Fights To Ban USDA Wildlife Trap That Killed Their Dog, Injured Son. The cyanide-spraying device was placed to kill coyotes.
Community Rallies To Free Elephant Herd Trapped In Muddy Bomb Crater. The elephants didn't have much longer to live.
EPA Slams Trump's Climate Change Policy \u2014 By Accident. The \oops\ statement accused the president of \burying his head in the sand.\
Vanuatu Develops Drought-Resistant Crops In Response To Climate Change. PORT VILA
Drones Are Bugging Seals Pupping On A California Sanctuary Beach. Operators are being warned to stop before frightened mothers abandon their young.
Knoxville Zoo Investigates Mysterious Death Of 33 Reptiles. Three of the dead snakes were endangered.
Broadcast News Abandons Climate Change Coverage, Study Finds. And wasn't because of a lack of newsworthy events.
Dozens Of California Towns Have Childhood Lead Poisoning Rates Higher Than Flint\u2019s. The CDC says a public health response is warranted.
Trump Won't Save Us From Climate Change. Maybe Surfers Will.. \u201cSurfers will be the canaries in the coal mine on climate change.\u201d
Sea Turtle Named 'Bank' Dies After Surgery To Remove 915 Coins. Vets said the turtle suffered blood poisoning after consuming the coins that had been tossed by Thai tourists.
Environmental Negligence. The United States population hovers around 320 million people. We represent less than 5 percent of the world\u2019s population
How Trump's \Skinny Budget\ Starves Environmental Protection. This story originally appeared Friday on Ecosystem Marketplace We, the people of the United States of America, being responsible
Colorado Fire Prompts More Than 1,000 Evacuation Warnings. The fire was 20 percent contained.
American Fears About Climate Change Hit Record High, Poll Finds. A new Gallup poll finds 68 percent believe humans are causing warming, and two-thirds are \worried\ about it.
Trump Threatens To Take Us Back To The Climate Dark Ages. Whatever happens, it is clear that this White House is an anathema to the planet.
Deadly Snow Storm Leaves Millions Digging Out Of Icy Mess. The nor\u2019easter dropped a record 31 inches of snow on Binghamton, New York.
March Blizzard 2017. Forecasts are calling for up to 2 feet of snow by early Wednesday, with temperatures 15 to 30 degrees below normal for this time of year.
Winter Storm Pounds U.S. Northeast, Thousands Of Flights Canceled And Schools Closed. At least 20 inches of snow has fallen on parts of New England, northern New York, and eastern Pennsylvania so far.
Northeast Braces For Up To 2 Feet Of Snow As Winter Storm Barrels Up The Coast. Approximately 50 million people are in the storm's crosshairs. Here's what you can do to be prepared.
Cruise Ship Crash Hits One Of Indonesia's Most Spectacular Coral Reefs. Repairing the damage in the national underwater park could cost $2 million.
Escaped Female Polar-Brown Bear Shot Dead At German Zoo. The hybrid bear named Tips lived with her brother 10 years before she was killed after escaping her enclosure.
Break Out The Shovels. Parts of the region may see up to 18 inches of snow and 40-50 MPH wind gusts.
California Girds To Battle Feds To Save The Environment. The state often on the forefront of protections prepares to stand strong against an environmental retreat.
Fishing Tycoon Known As 'The Codfather' Will Plead Guilty To Conspiracy And Smuggling Charges. The Department of Justice apparently made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
Poachers Kill Vince The Rhino Inside French Zoo. Then they sawed off his horn.
Sea Turtle Named 'Bank' On The Mend After Swallowing 915 Coins. People had reportedly tossed the money at the animal for good luck.
Pollution Kills 1.7 Million Children Every Year, WHO Says. \u201cA polluted environment is a deadly one -\u2013 particularly for young children.\
Check Out These Out-Of-This-World Photos While NOAA Still Has Funding. Trump is proposing a 17 percent cut so he can \prioritize rebuilding the military.\
El Salvador Zoo Hippo Died From Poor Care, Not Beating, Prosecutors Say. Gustavito may not have been attacked at all, a post-mortem exam suggests.
Hawaii Had More Snow This Week Than Denver Or Chicago Has Had All Year. Don't be fooled
California's Wild Climate Will Only Get More Volatile As Temperatures Rise. Wetter wets and drier dries are ahead.
In Kenya\u2019s Forbidden Forests, Conservation Can Turn Violent. An indigenous community living under siege has become a flashpoint in the fight against climate change.
Antarctica Sees Record Heat As Scientists Worry About Rising Seas. Huh, it's almost like the climate is changing.
Ecologists Steel For Even More Coral Bleaching On Great Barrier Reef. The devastating die-off appears to be heading toward yet another record.
U.S. Surf Champ Kelly Slater Calls For Shark Cull After Boogie Boarder Death. Reunion island has \u201cout-of-control situation we don\u2019t understand,\u201d the athlete warns.
Atlantic Coast Pipeline Ignores Environmental Realities And Dangers. The risk is real.
Viral Tiger Drone Video Reveals A Grim Reality In China. \These tigers are doomed,\ says big cat welfare activist Susan Bass.
Freaky February Heat Waves Trigger More Chills Over Climate Change. Hundreds of records have already been broken for the month.
Will Fossil Fuels And Conventional Cars Be Obsolete By 2030?. Rapidly falling prices of renewable energy are not just transforming the energy markets but disrupting them.
Flooding Forces Hundreds From Homes In San Jose, California. The San Jose Fire Department advised a decontamination cleansing for those immersed in floodwaters to get rid of hazardous pollutants.
Inside A Baby Orangutan 'Pre-School'. Great Big Story documents how International Animal Rescue rehabilitates orphaned orangutans in Borneo.
Antarctica Is Undergoing An Extraordinary Melt. Last year, all signs were pointing towards this shattering event.
Save The EPA. The Environmental Protection Agency has a new administrator. Though he has the technical skills and experience to run a small
Is President Trump The Kick In The Butt We Need To Get Onto A Sustainable Path?. Good News You Never Hear Upgrading to a sustainable way of life\u2014one that can continue indefinitely without depleting or degrading
California Braces For More Rain After Storm Kills At Least 7. Rains that clobbered Southern California are making their way north.
Family Leaves Dog At Utah Shelter With A Heartbreaking Letter. \He was my puppy. I really miss him.\
How we discovered the vampire bats that have learned to drink human blood. Enrico Bernard, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco What\u2019s for dinner? For some Brazilian vampire bats, these days it\u2019s human
Bill Gates Warns That A Devastating Pandemic Is Right Around The Corner. A fast-moving airborne pathogen could wipe out 30 million people in less than a year, he says.
Oroville Evacuation Order Lifted As Flooding Threats Ease. But residents should remain vigilant, officials said Tuesday.
Immediate Evacuations Ordered Below Damaged California Dam. Almost 200,000 people were ordered on Sunday to evacuate from the area below the Lake Oroville Dam, the tallest dam in the United States, after authorities said its emergency spillway could give way.
Officials Prepare For The Worst In Oroville Dam Crisis. Nearly 200,000 people have been evacuated.
Major Winter Storm Due To Pound U.S. Northeast. Airline delays expected.
A Price On Carbon Is Neither Liberal Nor Conservative. It's Just Practical. 
Jerry Brown Asks Donald Trump For California Storm Disaster Declaration. The state is now grappling with a massive dam spillway glitch in the Sierra foothills.
Wild Bison Return To Canada\u2019s Oldest National Park After More Than A Century. Authorities airlifted them into a remote valley in Banff National Park.
Everyone's Enjoying An Empty New York City In These Snowstorm Photos. Even the pets.
More Than Foot Of Snow Expected From Storm Barreling Across Northeast. Some 2,700 flights have been canceled.
Continent's Oldest Male Asian Elephant Is Euthanized After TB Battle. Packy's death comes three years after he and two other elephants were diagnosed with the disease.
Science Strikes Back. The new president and his cabinet are taking great strides to avoid discussions that include data and analyses from scientists
Tiny Frog Last Seen In 1962 Found In The Mountains Of Zimbabwe. Scientists were thrilled to find the inch-long \cave squeaker\ alive and well.
Several Tornadoes Batter Louisiana. Multiple injuries and widespread damage have been reported.
4 Things You Can Do If You Are Worried About Climate Change. If you are worried about climate change, you are not alone. Seventy percent of Americans think climate change is real and
Beached Whale Found With 30 Plastic Bags Crammed In Its Belly. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t like it was in just part of the stomach. It filled up the whole space.\
World's Smallest Porpoise Inches Closer To Extinction. There Are Now Just 30 Of Them Left.. Despite international efforts to save the vaquita, more than 90 percent of its population has been lost since 2011.
Veterans vs. Trump. \It's not happening on our watch,\ says Veterans Stand.
Abolish the EPA? A One-Way Ticket To Toxic Air, Poisoned Water. Imagine turning on the faucet in your house, and knowing that you couldn\u2019t drink from the taps because the water was contaminated
U.S. Takes Steps To Review Dakota Access Pipeline. The Army said that the steps for review \u201cdo not mean the easement has been approved.\u201d
Stunning Photos Of Recently Discovered Amazon Reef Emerge As Drilling Threat Looms. Oil companies obtained rights to the area before the giant reef was discovered.
Retirement Security Or The Planet's Future. A parent-to-be grapples with Trump\u2019s memorandum on Keystone XL.
How NASA Satellites Are Helping To Protect Endangered Chimpanzees. The technology has been a \game changer\ for conservation efforts in Tanzania's Gombe National Park, the agency said.
Dolphin Dies At The Hands Of Photo-Seeking Mob On Argentina Beach. \u201cThis is a tragic and senseless death.\
Another National Park Tweets Some Inconvenient Truths. \More redwoods would mean less climate change.\
We Know What The Country Looks Like Without The EPA. Donald Trump and his administration may trash-talk environmental enforcers, but America looked a lot worse without them.
So, That Delaware-Sized Iceberg Is Even Closer To Breaking Off Antarctica. \u201cThis event will fundamentally change the landscape of the Antarctic Peninsula.\u201d
Harambe's Grandmother Euthanized At Miami Zoo. The 49-year-old gorilla suffered from long-term health problems.
2016 Was The Hottest Year On Record. This marks the third consecutive year of record-high global temperatures.
Prince Charles Co-Authors Popular Science Book On Climate Change. The royal has previously lambasted climate skeptics, famously referring to them as the \headless chicken brigade.\
Colo, World's Oldest Known Gorilla, Dies At 60. She was reportedly the first gorilla born in a zoo.
Mystery As Dozens Of Dolphins Die In Florida Everglades Stranding. \u201cIn the coming months biologists will try to determine why this happened.\
Japanese Vessel Caught With Dead Whale Onboard, Activist Group Says. \u201cThe whale killers ... were caught red-handed,\ a captain for Sea Shepherd said.
70,000 Birds Killed To Clear New York City Flight Paths. But bird strikes are still on the rise.
Winter Storm Brings Ice And Freezing Rain To Central U.S.. Icy road conditions caused fatal traffic accidents in Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma.
Hunter Displays Sad Foxsicle As Frigid Warning. The hapless fox apparently broke through the ice and drowned.
California Beachgoers To Tackle Surfer Gang Bullies With Integration Challenge On MLK Day. Actor Christopher Taloa and other ocean lovers will go to the beach the Lunada Bay Boys claim as their territory.
The Story Behind A Spooky Photo Of Fish Frozen In Wall Of Ice. It looks like they froze mid-leap, but that's not what happened.
Exxon Mobil Told To Hand Over Decades Of Climate Documents In Major Legal Blow. \u201cThis is a huge victory for democracy,\ a corporate watchdog group said of the court ruling.
Another Big Automaker Just Fell Into Its Own 'Dieselgate' Scandal. The EPA accused Fiat Chrysler Thursday of using software to cheat diesel emissions.
New Pipeline Protest Models Itself On Dakota Access Fight. The target this time is the Trans-Pecos Pipeline in west Texas.
Air China Makes History With Shark Fin Ban. Other airlines and courier firms are under pressure to follow suit.
Cleveland Zoo Loses 32-Year-Old Gorilla Bebac To Heart Disease. The zoo director said it's \like losing a family member.\
Long Live the Beach. 
California Braces For Wild Once-In-A-Decade Storm. Forecasters are warning of flooding in areas that had been drought-stricken.
Public Land Is A Civil Right. Congress started its 115th session this week. Much of the country was focused on the \u201cbig\u201d issues
Collapse of Atlantic Ocean Current Could Trigger Icy Apocalypse, Researchers Warn. \Engine\ of the sea could sputter to a halt due to climate change.
A Delaware-Sized Iceberg May Be Months Away From Breaking Off Antarctica. The event could trigger the eventual collapse of a major ice sheet that spans some 21,000 square miles.
'Earth On The Edge'. CC
Rich People In The UAE Can't Own Cheetahs Anymore. The Gulf state just outlawed ownership of wild animals as pets.
China's Largest Freshwater Lake Is Shrinking. And activists say the plan to save it could make things much worse.
Severe Weather Across Alabama Claims At Least 4 Lives. The victims were in a mobile home when a tornado sent a tree crashing into it.
$25,000 Says Global Warming Is Real. Will global climate temperatures set a new record in 2017?
Rare Lynx Wanders Onto The Slopes At Colorado Ski Resort. The cat hit the slopes for the holidays.
From Global to Local. 
Nest's 'Eagle Cam' Is All That It's Cracked Up To Be. First hatchling has emerged on live-stream video; sibling still to come.
Climate Change This Week. 
Scientists Stumped By Thousands Of Dead Fish Off Nova Scotia. The animals are being tested for diseases, toxins and infections.
Last Dog At The Shelter Receives\u00a0The Sweetest\u00a0Farewell Party. Look how happy that pooch is!
Top 10 Movers And Shakers In Sustainability - 2016. 
DC's Museum Of African American History Is The City's Greenest. The National Museum of African American History and Culture is leader in environmentally-conscious architecture.
Philadelphia Zoo Euthanizes Oldest Lion In The U.S.. Lioness Zenda, born at the Johannesburg Zoo in 1991, was one of the \u201cmost loved and most popular animals\u201d at the Philly zoo.
Pan Pan, The World's Oldest Male Giant Panda, Dies At 31. The \panda grandpa\ had more than 130 descendants.
Even Small Changes In Global Temperatures Can Have Disastrous Consequences For Birds. Higher temperatures could be a death sentence for migratory species, a new study finds.
Mexico Makes A \u2018Risky\u2019 Last-Ditch Attempt To Save The Vaquita, The World's Smallest Porpoise. There are fewer than 60 of the planet's rarest marine mammal. Scientists hope their capture plan will change that.
Literal Tons Of The World's Most Trafficked Mammal Seized In China. Pangolins simply can't catch a break.
How Standing Rock Is Changing Us. If it is possible to heal from the long U.S. history of genocide, these moves by clergy and veterans were powerful steps in that direction.
Meatless Monday. 
My Top Three Choices For Green Holiday Gifts. 
Sales Of Livestock Antibiotics Are Still Growing. Doctors say the overuse of antibiotics on farms presents a massive public health risk.
Obama's Climate Change Legacy Is Impressive, Imperfect And Vulnerable. The president made significant strides while hamstrung by an obstructive and regressive GOP, but he got a late start and was forced to act unilaterally too often.
Churchill\u2019s Polar Bears Are Finally Back On The Ice\u2014And They're Sending A Christmas Message. With Christmas almost upon us, the polar bears of western Hudson Bay have finally returned to their sea-ice hunting grounds
There's An Open Rebellion Against Animal Agriculture, And 2016 Was An Opening Foray. Animal liberation means a simple thing
Obama Permanently Blocks Arctic, Atlantic Drilling. Although the move will almost certainly face legal challenges, officials say it will \stand the test of time.\
On Our Doorstep. I grew up in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, in a log cabin with wood shingles on the roof. I don\u2019t remember once worrying about forest
The Role of Science in The Trump Era. Only science based on rigorous, peer-reviewed research designed with full freedom of inquiry will work.
Serving Local And Organic For The Holidays? It's More Than Just The Fare. As millions of Americans take a much-deserved pause to join family and friends during this holiday season, it goes without
Spy Satellites Show The Himalayas\u2019 Changing Glaciers. Until now, knowledge about glacier mass change in the region has been spotty.
How The Investment Community May Save The Planet (And Your Retirement Funds) From Climate Change. As Donald Trump is about to walk into the Oval Office, questions loom over the future of the U.S. federal climate change
Trump's 'Victory' Means Goodbye To Appalachian Trail. As a kid in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, one of the small pleasures was to venture outside during the magic hour
Wildlife Advocates Slam UK For Killing More Than 10,000 Badgers. The cull is aimed at curbing the spread of tuberculosis in cattle.
Mesmerizing Deep Ocean 'Symphony' Finally Identified. The strange \Star Wars\-like keening is probably from a minke whale.
This Proposed Pipeline Would Cut Right Through The Appalachian Trail. Conservation groups are rallying against the Mountain Valley Pipeline.
How Plants 'Bought Us Time' With Climate Change. The \greening\ effect has helped slow the rise of CO2 in the air -- but researchers warn it's only temporary.
An Open Letter To Rick Perry, U.S. Energy Secretary Nominee. Dear Gov. Perry
The Renewable Energy Genie Is Out Of The Bottle. The bottom line is that people want solar energy because it makes good financial sense.
The Secret To Harvesting 1 Million Christmas Trees In 6 Weeks. Santa uses a sleigh... but your tree may have hitched a ride on a chopper.
We Should Treat Climate Change Like A Personal Illness. The Earth is not separate from your body, it is the medium that allows your body to exist and function.
There's A Silver Lining To Rex Tillerson's Nomination, Environmentalists Say. We now have a chance to find out what Exxon knew about climate change -- and when.
Santa's Shrinking Reindeer Blamed On Arctic Climate Change. Animals starve when rain, not snow, falls and lichen becomes encased in ice, researchers discover.
BBC Reveals Happy Ending To 'Planet Earth II's' Most Heartbreaking Scene. Good news for baby sea turtles some viewers thought were doomed.
Climate Change Is Melting 'The Roof Of The World'. Two \unprecedented\ avalanches in once-stable western Tibet highlights the extent of global warming, researchers warn.
Cities Are Acting On Climate Change. Will The New Administration Join?. Mayors don\u2019t have the luxury of ignoring on-the-ground hazards of our changing planet
Methane Emissions Are On The Rise. That's A Big Problem.. The good news? Cutting methane could be the fastest route to mitigating climate change.
EPA. Environmental Protection Secretary Gina McCarthy said at a recent National Press Club event, \u201cThis was one science advisory
The Love Of A Dog. Sometimes, it\u2019s the love of a dog that keeps us going,
Seven Penguins Die At Troubled Calgary Zoo In Suspected Mass Panic. Veterinary team speculates drowned birds were driven by fright, but an investigation continues.
How Can We Support Standing Rock Now?. 
Trump's Pick Of Rex Tillerson Will Put ExxonMobil On Trial. With Trump and ExxonMobil attempting to grab the reigns of power, we've got to show that people all across this country are ready to take them on. Time to get to work.
Greenland's Vast Ice Sheet Is Way Less Stable Than We Thought, And That's Bad News For The World. Two new studies reveal just how dynamic \u2014 and potentially vulnerable to climate change \u2014 it actually is.
Thousands Of Snow Geese Thought Dead After Landing On Toxic Mining Pit. Berkeley Pit is nearly 700 acres of acidic, deadly water.
Giraffes Face 'Silent Extinction' As Worldwide Population Plunges. Giraffe numbers have declined by as much as 40 percent since the 1980s.
Discover How Climate Change Is Rapidly Transforming Our Earth With Google Timelapse. Google Earth\u2019s newly updated feature captures how the world has changed since 1984.
Anno Horribilis. Most Americans have no idea what the E.P.A. does. I\u2019m not even sure Donald Trump, president-elect, understands what the US
The No Paper Challenge. Each new year I resolve to live my life a little more sustainably
Christmas Trees Are Dying From Drought. As large parts of the U.S. suffer months of unusually dry weather, conifer seedlings are dying and mature trees are turning into fire hazards.
25 GIFs From 'Planet Earth II' That Show How Tragicomic Nature Can Be. Just wow!
This Shelter Is Reuniting Pets And People After Devastating Wildfires. \u201cThis is a community that\u2019s suffering from a great loss right now, so we\u2019re just doing everything we can to help.\
Why And How I'm Trying To Live A Zero Waste Lifestyle. We often forget that the ability to live in a home free from the smell of rotting garbage is a privilege.
Tennessee Wildfire Death Toll Hits 13. At least 85 people were injured and 1,000 structures damaged, authorities said Friday.
November Was A Bad Month For Arctic Sea Ice. The Overall Picture Is Much Worse.. \We are all ice-dependent species.\
At Least Five Dead After Tornadoes Rip Through Southern States. The system also destroyed homes and businesses, downed power lines and snapped trees.
How The NHL Is Greening The Game. American NHL fans are 11 times more likely to recycle plastic, glass and paper than the average American.
Gatlinburg Ablaze. Donate $10 to the Red Cross by texting to 90999.
Massive Wildfire Engulfs Tennessee Resort Towns, Kills 3. The blaze has destroyed more than 150 structures.
Vegetarians Are Not Happy About The UK's New Animal Fat-Filled Money. The new bills are stronger and more secure, but not animal-friendly.
Tennessee Wildfire Evacuee's Escape Video Is Like A Vision Of Hell. \It felt like being in the movie 'Volcano.'\
These Images From A Burning Gatlinburg, Tennessee, Are Terrifying. A  massive wildfire has forced evacuations in areas around Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Great Barrier Reef Experiences Its Worst Coral Die-Off. Higher water temperatures are to blame.
Thirty Years Of Third-Stage Environmentalism. In November 1986 the president of the Environmental Defense Fund, Fred Krupp, authored an essay in the Wall Street Journal
Dropping Levels Of Mercury Contamination In Tuna Connected To Reduced Coal Burning. There have been some positive findings regarding the levels of highly toxic mercury contamination in Atlantic bluefin tuna
Threatened Eviction Of Camp As Veterans Prepare To Deploy To Standing Rock. The Standing Rock Sioux received a letter from the Army Corps of Engineers dated November 25 (the day after Thanksgiving) stating that everyone must leave Army Corps land by December 5.
In The Weeks Before Trump Takes Office, Obama's Mad Dash To Save Public Lands. With the president-elect vowing to ramp up fossil fuel exploration, the future of America's land and waters is uncertain.
Even When A Leopard Cub Dies, These Filmmakers Don't Turn The Cameras Off. \It's not all happy endings, it's not Bambis and rainbows.\
How You Can Help Save The Bees -- Even In Winter. Bees are vital to food security. Let's give the critters a helping hand.
Environmental Orgs See Surge In Donations, Volunteers Following Trump's Win. Americans want to help these conservation groups stand up to the president-elect's disastrous climate plans.
Climate Change This Week. Today, the Earth got a little hotter, and a little more crowded. And the chances of Donald Trump's family and fortune surviving climate change are small, dwindling daily and irreversibly.
Kids Sue The Government For Not Protecting Them From Climate Change. \It\u2019s a pretty grim time for people in this country who breathe air and drink water.\
Police In North Dakota Clash With Oil Pipeline Protesters. The Morton County Sheriff\u2019s Department described the situation as an \u201congoing riot.\u201d Protesters disagree.
To President-Elect Trump. The clean energy economy is taking off. It\u2019s bringing new opportunities for U.S. businesses, entrepreneurs, investors and
Resist, Recruit, Train And Sustain. Over the past 10 days, we\u2019ve had to accept a tough reality. But although it\u2019s definitely going to happen, a Trump administration
Baby Echidnas Are Called 'Puggles' And They Are Awesome. Just look at these weirdly cute little buddies.
Barrier Around Harambe Exhibit In Cincinnati Zoo Was Substandard, Feds Say. But feds had approved of the barrier just weeks before Harambe was shot.
Hundreds Of Dead Puffins Are Mysteriously Washing Ashore In Alaska. Climate change could be driving the seabird to starvation, amid reports of mass puffin die-offs worldwide in recent years.
Safe Tap Water Takes A Lot Of Work. Some utilities struggle to consistently deliver safe water. Here is where water systems are having the most trouble.
Elon Musk Wins Shareholder Vote To Merge Tesla With SolarCity. This is a rare spot of good news for the renewable energy industry.
Global Security Leaders Have Some Climate Change Advice For Donald Trump. Too bad he thinks it's a giant hoax!
11 Reasons Why Trump\u2019s Climate-Denying EPA Guy Could Spell Disaster For The Environment. Myron Ebell will help steer federal agencies that address climate and environmental policy.
Dakota Access Pipeline Protests Sweep Across Country With New Urgency After Trump\u2019s Election. The pipeline builder headed to court to get approval to keep the project moving.
How Washington Blew Its Chance For A Carbon Tax. With the possible exception of the rising threat of nuclear war, no issue facing humanity is more urgent than climate change.
Dear President Obama. The world is waiting for the U.S., the world\u2019s second-biggest carbon emitter, to reduce its impact on the global climate.
Big Ag Had A Very Bad Election Night. In a win for environmentalists and animal welfare groups, a red state's voters just said no to a \right to farm.\
Climate Change Is Already Driving Extreme Weather, U.N. Agency Says. The planet just saw the hottest five years on record.
If We Want To Stop Climate Change, We're Going To Have To Pay For It. It'll be an expensive fight, and time is running out.
Wealthy Donor Gives $2.5 Million To Standing Rock Legal Fund. The deep pockets in the region around Bismarck know the dangers to the environment and public health.
Historic Paris Climate Pact Takes Effect Today. Now What?. \u201cThis is a moment to celebrate. It is also a moment to look ahead with sober assessment and renewed will over the task ahead.\u201d
A Woman Is On Trial In Canada For Giving Water To Pigs Headed To Slaughter. Anita Krajnc is facing a charge of \criminal mischief.\
UN. We're on track to see a global temperature rise of far more than 2 degrees Celsius.
Halloween's Over, But Record-Breaking Heat Horror Continues. Trick-or-treating was a steamier-than-usual affair for millions of Americans this Halloween. Forecasters say the heatwave will not let up this week.
Explosion Rocks Gas Pipeline In Alabama, Prompting Shutdown. At least one person died and five others were injured in the blast and fire.
In Rare Move, China Criticizes Trump Plan To Exit Climate Change Pact. \u201cI believe a wise political leader should take policy stances that conform with global trends,\u201d China\u2019s veteran climate chief said.
Obama Administration Outlines Path For Climate Change Resiliency. In the last decade, extreme weather and wildfires cost the federal government $357 billion.
Scientists Observe Antarctica's Rapidly Melting Ice Shelf. Planet earth received some condemning news last week regarding the rapid melting of submarine ice shelves in Antarctica. A
Open Letter To The DAPL Executives. Dear Lee Hanse,\u00a0Glenn Emery and Cliff Waters,\u00a0 My name is Sage Isabella. I am a Stanford University Masters Student and I
Elon Musk Unveils Shingles That Could Finally Make Rooftop Solar Sexy. The billionaire envisions solar roofs and batteries powering homes with electric cars in the garage.
Rival Nations Just Created The World's Largest Protected Marine Area. The Antarctic reserve protects a vast swath of unspoiled wilderness.
Californians Are Conserving Less Water, But The Drought's Far From Over. A dry winter outlook for California spells even more bad news for the state's water providers after mandatory conservation rule lifted.
Exxon, Auditor Must Comply With New York Climate Fraud Subpoena, Court Says. \I hope that today\u2019s order serves as a wake up call to Exxon,\ the New York attorney general said.
The World Just Made A Major Shift Toward Renewable Energy. \u201cWe are witnessing a transformation of global power.\
The Great Barrier Reef Has Become A Coral Graveyard. If you thought the reef would come out unscathed, you were wrong.
If Leonardo DiCaprio's Climate Doc Doesn't Make You Care About The Planet, Nothing Will. \Before The Flood\ will be released for free because the filmmakers warn it's urgent that we all see it.
The Planet Just Crossed Another Major Carbon Milestone. We are barreling toward the planet's boiling point.
Watch This Very Chubby Bear Enjoy An Awesome Back Scratch. Someone looks ready for a nice long winter.
A Climate Change Policy That Benefits The Poor. Putting a price on carbon is a reliable and cost-effective approach to reducing heat-trapping greenhouse gas emissions. It
My 'Pathetic' Life As A Small Farmer-Vendor. Was our adventure not doomed to fail from the start?
North Dakota Pipeline Protesters Arrested By Police With Pepper Spray. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe and environmentalists say the pipeline would damage the land and sacred sites.
Making Climate Change Immediate And Personally Relevant. Scientific research is essential. But science with a purpose changes lives.
Ranger's Slaying Defending Endangered Gorillas Shows Danger Of Conservation Fight. The park in the Congo is the last bastion of the world's largest great ape.
Snow Leopards And Humans Are Competing For Food, With Tragic Results. Herders kill hundreds of the endangered big cats each year.
A Sustainable Food System Could Be A Trillion-Dollar Global Windfall. A new report makes a strong bottom-line case for more earth-friendly farming -- and eating -- practices.
Super Typhoon Wipes Out Nearly Every Home In This Philippine City. This is a brutal reminder that global warming -- which got next to no mention in the U.S. presidential debate -- is very real.
To The Surprise Of No One, NASA Predicts 2016 Will Be The Hottest Year On Record. Eleven of the past 12 months have set new high-temperature records.
10,000 Critically Endangered Frogs Have Suddenly Died In Peru's Lake Titicaca. Activists have pinpointed severe water pollution as the primary culprit.
Campaign Silence On Climate Insecurity. This may have gotten lost in the shuffle, but last month the Office of the Director of National Intelligence issued a memorandum
Nearly 200 Nations Agree To Cut Greenhouse Gases In Landmark Climate Change Deal. Secretary of State John Kerry hailed the agreement as a \monumental step forward.\
No Surprise, The 'Planet Earth II' Trailer Is Totally Epic. Nature!
New Report Shows CA Govt May Be Covering Up Health Problems From Aliso Leak. Is Aliso Canyon the new Love Canal?
Most Farmers Still Doubt They Have Anything To Do With Climate Change. Devastation from extreme weather events like Hurricane Matthew isn't changing their minds, either.
Hurricane Nicole Wreaks Havoc On Bermuda. It is the strongest storm to hit the territory in more than a decade.
This Video Shows What Not To Do When Facing A Hurricane. Seek shelter, man!
China's Extinct Dolphin Spotted? Probably Not, But Here's Why You Should Still Care. Conservationists say we should stop chasing the baiji\u2019s \u201cghosts\u201d and focus on reeling its cousin, the finless porpoise, back from the brink.
Elon Musk Burns Coal-Mining CEO Who Called Tesla A Fraud. Have a look in the mirror, Robert Murray.
After Wreaking Havoc On East Coast, Weakened Matthew Is Downgraded. The most powerful Atlantic storm since 2007 killed at least 17 people in the U.S. and nearly 900 in Haiti.
Watch Police Rescue Mother And Toddler Trapped In Hurricane Matthew Flooding. Authorities in the area say they have made over 200 swift water rescues during the storm.
Hurricane Matthew Weakens Off U.S. Coast After Ravaging Haiti. The number of deaths in Haiti jumped to at least 877 as information trickled in from remote areas previously cut off by the storm.
Arkansas Town Is Dropping Live Turkeys From Plane Again This Year. \This is a horrific act of abuse.\
Colorful Coral Pulses With Life In This Stunning Time-Lapse Video. Beautiful!
A Megadrought Looms, And We Can't Just Wait For More Rain To Stop It. If we want to protect the Southwest's water, we can no longer ignore climate change.
Southeast Braces For Potentially 'Catastrophic' Hurricane Matthew. Matthew is set to be the strongest storm to make U.S. landfall in more than 10 years.
Hurricane Matthew Bears Down On U.S. After Killing Dozens In Caribbean. Millions of people in the southeastern U.S. have been urged to evacuate.
New Photos Show Hurricane Matthew's Path Of Destruction In Haiti. So far Haiti has borne the brunt of the storm.
U.S. Southeast Bracing For Powerful Hurricane Matthew. Obama
Hurricane Matthew's Strength Is Yet Another Climate Change Indicator. It's unusual for a storm like this to hit in October.
The Loneliest Frog On Earth Dies, Marking The End Of Yet Another Species. Toughie was believed to be the world's last Rabbs\u2019 fringe-limbed tree frog.
Bees Added To Endangered Species List For The First Time. Trouble in paradise for seven species of pollinators native to Hawaii.
Sustainable Businesses Beyond Decision 2016. 
Thousands Of Indiana Residents Endangered By Misleading Lead Report. In 2011, they were told their development was safe. Now, their kids are told not to play outside.
We Just Passed A Grim Carbon Dioxide Threshold, Possibly For Good. CO2 levels surpassed 400 ppm in September. Scientists say we won't see a month below that symbolic benchmark \ever again.\
India Announces It Will Ratify The Paris Climate Agreement. This is a major step toward putting the agreement into effect.
The Animal Welfare Act Claims Rats And Mice Are Not Animals. Let\u2019s celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Animal Welfare Act by correctly classifying rodents as the sentient beings they
The World Agreed to Tackle Climate Change, But What Comes Next?. The Paris Agreement is legally binding, but each country gets to set their individual target and how they want to go about meeting it. This may seem like a strange approach, but was necessary to keep big countries like the United States involved in the process.
There Could Be Hope For The World's 'Saddest' Polar Bear. A wildlife park has offered to give \Pizza\ an escape from his home inside a shopping mall in China.
Energy Secretary Urges Congress To Pass Sweeping Climate Policy. ...Before it's too late.
China Comes Clean With Its Environmental Goals. China is aware of the challenges its current environmental woes are causing its economy and its people.
Wildlife Services' -- AKA Murder, Inc.'s -- Unregulated Killing Fields. Wildlife Services pretty much does whatever they want to do.
Power Plan Foes from Mars, Backers from Venus (Earth Actually). 
IT'S OFFICIAL. Florida officials have concluded that swimming in the waters of South Beach is hazardous due to human feces in the waters
New Baby Giraffe Born At Zoo That Killed 'Surplus' Giraffe 2 Years Ago. The death of 2-year-old Marius in 2014 sparked global outrage.
The Paradigm of the Real Cost and Value of Food. So how can we get from under this paradigm of the real cost and value of food? It goes back to hunger and poverty and the proverb stated by Ms. Ritchie. The answer lies in finance and economics, namely JOBS!!
Fishackathon. The innovation that Fishackathon spurred is just the beginning.
Sustainable Seafood? My Thanks To Caring Consumers And Passionate Producers. Thanks to guys like Larry Olmsted exposing the problems in labeling, and Michael Pollan addressing what should be recognized as food - we are starting to really think about what we eat.
Thanks To Technology, You Might Soon Know Where Your Seafood Actually Comes From. Better traceability in a notoriously opaque seafood industry could save our oceans, experts say.
Alabama Pipeline Leak Chokes Gas Supply For East Coast. The spill in Alabama is the company's largest in 20 years, and disrupts a major source of fuel.
Pet Loss. I have always been an animal person. If I am being honest, I am just a few pets away from being the stereotypical crazy cat
Even When Recycled, Old Computer Parts End Up Where They Shouldn\u2019t. It may be time for the U.S. to ratify a 27-year-old treaty to stop this.
Tropical Storm Julia Forms Along Florida's Coast. A tropical storm warning has been issued from Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, north to Altamaha Sound, Georgia.
California Bans Orca Captivity And Breeding. The news comes months after SeaWorld announced plans to end its killer whale breeding program.
Thousands Protest North Dakota Pipeline Near Native American Lands. Americans continued to rally near the reservation of the Standing Rock Sioux, who say their water and sacred grounds are under threat.
Why My Twitter Feed is Singing About Placemaking. 
IUCN Congress Emerges with Global Goal to Close the Domestic Ivory Trade. 
Dozens Of Dying Birds Rain From The Sky Over Boston. Two cats in the area also reportedly died suddenly.
Air Pollution Costs $255 Billion A Year. Worldwide air pollution caused 5.5 million deaths in 2013 from lung cancer stroke, bronchitis and other diseases -- more than malaria or AIDS.
Our Greatest Organizers Win Big At Standing Rock, But The Fight Goes On. We need to ask for much more than a temporary halt.
U.S. Takes Strong Stand Against Rhino Poaching With $1 Million Bonfire. This is the first time the United States has ever burned rhino horn.
Meet Gracie, Glacier National Park\u2019s Lovable \u2018Bark Ranger\u2019. Working like a dog to protect humans and animals alike.
DNA Surprise! Giraffes Are Four Species, Not One. The long-necked mammal has long been thought of as a single species. But that's a tall tale, new research shows.
Seaweed Not Green Enough, UN Researchers Warn. The industry is lauded for its   sustainability, but challenges are emerging as business booms.
Why Climate Change Is About Us, Not Polar Bears. At this point, it is not a question of facts.
Vandals Caught On Video Toppling Ancient Oregon Rock Formation. The Oregon State Police are investigating.
The Giant Panda Is No Longer Listed As Endangered. After decades of conservation efforts, the bears' future looks a little brighter.
Humans Are Wiping Out Their Closest Relatives. The world's largest environmental group has stark news for homo sapiens.
DAPL Pipeline Interests Try Outrageous Fait Accompli and Destroy Ancient Sites. The regulatory process remains incomplete, numerous lawsuits have been filed against DAPL and the corps, and significant public controversy surrounds the project. Yet Energy Transfer Inc. seeks to render the legal dispute moot by finalizing construction before the Tribe can be heard.
After Tearing Up Southern Coast, Hermine Threatens Northeast. \This is not over yet.\
Scientists To Name Tiny, Newly Discovered Fish After Obama. Well hello there, little Mr. President.
Tropical Storm Plows Up East Coast After Hurricane Hermine Pounds Florida. Emergencies were declared in multiple states after Hurricane Hermine tore through Florida.
5.8 Magnitude Earthquake Rattles Oklahoma. The earthquake ties the strongest in the state's history.
In Myanmar, Nature Can Help Communities Face Climate Challenges. Building resilience to increasing extremes and many more unavoidable effects of warming is imperative. It is especially important in developing countries like Myanmar, where millions of subsistence farmers with limited access to services and poor infrastructure are disproportionately vulnerable.
Florida Braces For First Hurricane In More Than A Decade. Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency in 51 of Florida\u2019s 67 counties in advance of the storm.
Tasmanian Devils May Be Rapidly Evolving To Resist A Deadly Cancer. The disease has almost wiped them out, but a new study suggests these endangered marsupials aren't giving up without a fight.
A New Elephant Census Shows The Devastating Impact Of Poaching. About 30 percent of Africa's savanna elephant population decreased in just seven years, a report found.
Someone's Shooting Sea Otters In California, And Officials Want Answers. They are offering at least $10,000 for information leading to an arrest.
Experts Convene In Gal\u00e1pagos To Brainstorm Protection Of Earth\u2019s Marine Heritage. Managers of the world\u2019s flagship marine protected areas are meeting in the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands this week to chart a sustainable
The Power Of Presence. Please. Can you help?
Spirit Wins and Media Lies Lose at Standing Rock Protest. 
This Planned Highway Could Wipe Out 200 Koalas. Activists are calling the proposed construction a \death warrant.\
Climate-Denying Weather Channel Founder Frets About A Hillary Clinton Victory. \u201cThis election may be a tipping point in the climate debate,\u201d said John Coleman.
Yellowstone National Park Worker Dies Falling From Canyon's Edge. She was a concession employee from Ecuador.
Sioux Tribe Fighting An Oil Pipeline Now Wait For The Judge. They fear the pipeline will jeopardize drinking water and sacred sites.
Tornadoes Slam Indiana, Demolishing Homes And A Starbucks. Multiple tornadoes tore through the area, damaging numerous structures
Bill Nye Jokes About Park's Plight, But He Knows It's No Laughing Matter. Our national parks are under threat from climate change.
'I Think I Would Have Rather Been Wiped Out By A Fire:' 9 Louisiana Flood Victims Tell Their Stories. \Can\u2019t nobody explain the feeling when you wake up in the morning and have nothing left.\u201d
The Feds Want People To Stop Swimming With Dolphins So They Can Get Some Peace And Quiet. \u201cChronic disturbance to resting activities can negatively affect the health and fitness of dolphins.\u201d
Thousands Of Acres Of Maine Woods Are Now Federally Protected. Conservationists are excited, but not all locals are so hot on the idea.
Puppies For Sale. It is so important that we move away from paying into an industry which profits from breeding domestic animals.
Canadian Wildlife Officers Kill 9 Bears In 3 Days. Many of residents don't have bear proof waste bins.
Fighting For Children In A Climate-Changing World. When there is flooding, it is the little ones who are most vulnerable.
California Wildfire Threatens Iconic Hearst Castle. As one California blaze is surrounded, another converges on an iconic castle.
As The World Burns, The Rich Cruise In Luxury Through A Melting Arctic. The Crystal Serenity has embarked on a 1,000-mile voyage through the once unnavigable Northwest Passage.
I Don't Let Friends Eat Meat In My Presence. After my first year of veganism, I made a decision
A Man Of The Ocean. Diving on the ocean, something he's passionate about, Zapata has devoted his free time to the environment. But no cause is more important to him than protection of the sea. He is a lifelong diver and explorer.
Scary and Gross - 3 Disturbing Consequences Of A Warming Planet. Climate scientists like myself are always trying to anticipate the unexpected - but the full implications of a warming planet are starting to catch even us by surprise.
Firefighters Gain Ground On Monster Southern California Wildfire. So far, the Blue Cut fire has blackened 35,969 acres of drought-parched heavy brush and chaparral.
Louisiana Assesses Flood Damage As Residents Return To Soaked Homes. Record floods have been blamed for at least 13 deaths and damage to about 40,000 homes.
July 2016 Was The Hottest Month Ever Recorded. The hottest month since at least 1880 continues a streak of record-smashing temperatures.
Native American Protesters Halt Pipeline Construction Near North Dakota Reservation. The four-state pipeline would taint drinking water and infringe on sacred sites, according to the Sioux tribe.
'Unprecedented' Flooding In Louisiana Kills 3, Expected To Worsen. The governor has called for federal emergency relief funds.
SeaWorld Stopped Breeding Orcas, But What About Their Other Whales?. A life in a tank isn't good for belugas, either.
Saving The Great Barrier Reef Will Cost $6.3 Billion. The Queensland government has agreed to recommendations that will help the reef survive climate change.
This Guy Makes His Meals From Plants Found In Public Parks. They\u2019re complex, delicious and not entirely legal.
This Active Volcano Is Being Connected To The Internet For A Life-Saving Reason. Nicaragua's Masaya Volcano is also known as the \Mouth of Hell.\
As Donald Trump Spews Dangerous Climate Ideas, This New Museum Is The Respite We Need. Miranda Massie is determined to make the new Climate Museum more than a \u201cdusty reliquary.\u201d
Somewhere Over The Rainbow Bridge. This was the sweetest, most genuine of relationships
Watch How Mountains Of Trash Spread Across The U.S. Over 100 Years. A new map shows where landfills are located in each state.
Incredible Waterspout Spotted Over Iowa Lake. \u201cIt looked like a rat tail coming out of the sky.\
Climate Change Could Release Cold War-Era Radioactive Waste In Greenland. Fuel and radioactive coolant was left at Camp Century, built in 1959 as part of U.S. research into the potential for nuclear missile launch sites in the Arctic
After Nine Years Of Effort, A Cooperative Wind Power Project Remains In Limbo. National renewable energy subsidies are lower than in front-running countries like Denmark and Germany.
Prosecutors Let Utility Out Of Massive Fine In Deadly California Gas Explosion. Pacific Gas & Electric is on trial for a suburban San Francisco blast that killed eight people.
Here's The Devastation Left Behind By Big Sur's Wildfire. The massive blaze is still just 18 percent contained.
Gold King Mine Spill. The 2015 spill of 3 million gallons of toxic wastewater from a defunct Colorado gold mine turned rivers orange.
1 Dead, 2 Missing After Floodwaters Sweep Through Maryland Town. About 120 people were rescued from the high waters that washed through Ellicott City\u2019s downtown following heavy rain.
To Ringo With Love - A note from Ol Pejeta. 
A Look At This Year's Raging Wildfires -- From Space. Climate change is bringing longer and more destructive fire seasons.
This Lawsuit Has Put Big Ag On The Defensive In A Major Way. A pending Iowa case could set a new national precedent for water pollution stemming from farms.
Deadly California Wildfire Near Big Sur Set To Explode In Size. The blaze near Big Sur has destroyed nearly 60 homes and prompted mass evacuations.
Watch A Hawaiian Volcano 'Smile' For The Camera. Meet Kilauea, the world's happiest volcano. \ud83d\ude03
Get Used To These Extreme Summer Heat Waves. Unless we act fast to curb climate change, scorching heat will become commonplace, scientists say.
Los Angeles-Area Wildfire Spreads, Motorist Found Dead. The wildfire has spread rapidly, prompting evacuation orders covering about 1,500 homes.
The Inside Story Of How The DNC Platform Committee Nixed A Fracking Ban. Cross-Posted from DeSmogBlog Hydraulic fracturing (\u201cfracking\u201d)\u00a0\u2014 the controversial horizontal drilling technique used to
A Wildlife Expert Made The Same Grave Mistake As Those Yellowstone Bison 'Rescuers'. A sickly bison calf died in 2010 after a national park specialist brought the animal home, an inspector general found.
Fast-Moving California Wildfire Forces Evacuation Of Hundreds Of Homes. The blaze began outside Los Angeles on Friday afternoon.
Goat Drowns After Photo-Crazed Mob Drives It Into The Ocean. No selfie is worth this.
How You Can Help America Waste Less Food. A new petition is calling on supermarkets to simplify the expiration dates on their products.
West Virginia Native Recalls The Flood That Changed Her Life. \u201cIt\u2019s a horrible sensation to see everything that you work for under water.\
Adorable Baby Elephant Will Always Be Too Big For The Kiddie Pool. This not-so-little guy makes a splash.
Watch The Climate Change Ad Fox News Didn't Want Its Viewers To See. The network declined to air the ad during the GOP convention, a communications agency says.
Biologists Hope Candy-Shooting Drones Will Save Endangered Ferrets. The technology would deliver vaccine-laced peanut butter treats to the species' primary prey.
Solar Plane Stops By Egypt's Pyramids On Penultimate Leg Of World Tour. No fuel needed for this epic journey.
A Hidden Ingredient In Your Candy Bar. A new Rainforest Action Network video uncovers palm oil's high human cost.
Orangutans Are Now One Step Closer To Extinction. Both species of orangutan are critically endangered.
Video Of A Strawberry's Journey From The Farm Is Surprisingly Moving. We dare you not to get choked up.
Canadian Company Turns Air Into Fuel In Climate Change Fight. It's capturing carbon dioxide directly from the atmosphere for fuel that planes and trucks could one day use.
Arturo, World's Saddest Polar Bear, Dies After Decades In Captivity. \[He's] not the only animal in captivity and in poor condition.\
Do 4th of July Fireworks Hurt the Environment?. 
Meatless Monday. 
California Wildfire Prompts Evacuations As Blaze Grows. Recent weeks have seen several major fires in California. Some have been deadly.
Give Zoos A Break And Pay Tribute To Harambe The Gorilla On The One Month Anniversary Of His Death. I will never have a chance to read and process all the rumor and rhetoric surrounding Harambe that has been generated by the public and the responses from professional experts. However,  I keep thinking about him and what a loss this must be for the zoo keepers and staff who cared for him.
Air Pollution Kills 6.5 Million People Every Year, And It Could Get Worse Unless We Act Now. Poor air quality is now the fourth largest threat to our health, according to a new IEA report.
Here's Proof We Can Solve Global Environmental Problems If We Try. \We can now be confident that the things we\u2019ve done have put the planet on a path to heal,\ one scientist says.
The EPA Could Have Protected These People From Breathing Coal Dust Every Day. So Why Didn't It?. After a billion-gallon spill of coal ash in Tennessee, the agency sought to regulate the often-toxic byproduct of burning coal. It largely failed.
Stella McCartney Just Called Out The Fashion Industry. Your clothes don't have to destroy the environment
California Wildfire Death Toll Rises To 4 As More Bodies Found. The other deaths from the blazes were a priest and his wife, found on Friday.
Entangled Blue Whale Prompts Rescue Efforts In California. Attempts to cut the rigging from the endangered whale have been unsuccessful.
Saving The World\u2019s Last 3 Northern White Rhino. It's a difficult and dangerous business.
Oakland Votes To Ban Coal Shipments, Could End Export Plans. Detractors said a project to build a new coal export terminal would have harmed the public.
U.S. Charity Loophole Enabled Trading Of 1,300 Endangered Animals. The practice has angered both animal-rights activists who say it exploits wildlife and exhibitors who describe the process as unfair and arbitrary.
Firefighters Begin To Contain Deadly California Wildfire. The blaze has killed at least two people and destroyed 200 structures.
Researchers Create Homemade Lava -- For Science, Of Course. Molten rock and water can be an explosive combination. Scientists are trying to learn why.
West Virginia Flooding Kills 24 And Submerges Towns. The death toll in West Virginia is the highest in any state from flooding this year.
African Park Rangers Face Deadly Struggle To Save Mountain Gorillas. At least 152 Virunga workers have died defending the critically endangered primates over the past two decades.
140-Year-Old Zoo Is Closing And Sending Animals To Sanctuaries. The Buenos Aires zoo has come under fire for its treatment of animals.
Erskine Wildfire In California Kills At Least 2 And Destroys 150 Homes. The fire is one of the state's worst yet, in what has already been an intense fire season that got an early start.
The PennEast Pipeline Made Me Do It. 
Dartmouth Ruminations. 
Investigation Underway After Video Shows Men Apparently Dumping Chemical Waste. A spokesman for the men's employer called the clip \disturbing.\
California Wildfire Kills Multiple People, Destroys 100 Structures. The blaze was 0 percent contained, and doubled in size on Friday.
California Oil Pipeline Spills Thousands Of Gallons Of Crude. The spill was contained and did not reach the Pacific Ocean.
Solar Plane Lands In Spain After Historic Atlantic Crossing. The pilots used no fuel to complete the epic trip.
Dying Coral Reefs Likely To Be Walloped For Third Year In A Row. \u201cThis is the most widespread, longest coral bleaching event ever to occur,\ a U.S. researcher said.
Scorching Hot Southwest Is Climate Change In Action. Scientists say if we keep burning fossil fuels at the same rate, pretty soon \what we think of as extreme summer heat\ will become \typical.\
California Wildfire Spreads, Forms Fire Tornadoes. Hundreds of firefighters were battling blazes in the western U.S.
Splash Mountain Alligator Video Isn't The Scariest Gator Footage At Disney. People are freaking out over video showing a gator near a park ride, but clips of people feeding gators are a far bigger concern.
Harambe the Gorilla -- Symptom Of Our Deeper Dysfunction. Being a wild gorilla is far more dangerous than being a zoo-born gorilla. Yet the wild is the only slim hope of true survival; zoos are dead-ends for creatures whose dismantled native habitat makes reintroduction impossible.
Republican Attorneys General Defend Big Oil Over Climate Fraud Probe. GOP legal advisors say the investigation \threatens free speech.\
Trees Lining California Streets Are Worth An Extra $1 Billion A Year. This story\u00a0was originally published by Grist\u00a0and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk\u00a0collaboration. It\u2019s not easy
Massive Heat Dome To Scorch The Southwest, Could Smash Longstanding Records. An unusually severe heat wave is projected to roast the Southwest beginning late this week and lasting into next. At the
This Is Probably The First Mammal Extinct Because Of Man-Made Climate Change. Way to go, humanity.
Man Throws Rock Through Window To Save Dog Trapped In Hot Car. It took a couple of tries to get the massive rock through the car window.
This Is What Happens When The Pavement Is Too Hot For Your Dog. All-over-it dog lovers know the basics of keeping dogs safe in summer
Does Reality Bite? Philosophy, Ecology and the \End of the World\. Such questions, though obviously not meant to be taken literally, point to a profoundly significant phenomenon, one made possible by the virtue or curse (take your pick) of the epoch of the hyperobject.
Obama's Proposed Drilling Expansion May Cost Us More Than The Oil Is Worth. Greenpeace report finds social costs may exceed economic benefits.
Zoo Tiger Slams Himself Against Glass Wall After Being Taunted By Tourists. A zoo animal took a flying leap at a spectator only to be repulsed by a sheet of glass.
Undercover Video Shows 'Hideous' Conditions At Maine Egg Facility. New England's largest egg producer is under investigation.
The Great Barrier Reef. It was the smell that really got to diver Richard Vevers. The smell of death on the reef.
Lioness And Her 2 Cubs Killed While Eating A Meal Together. A lioness and her two cubs have been killed after a farmer complained that some of their pride ate his farm animals.
Girl Comforts Kangaroo That Collapsed In The Heat At Street Festival. When Jonathan Cole took his little sister to an Ontario street festival over the weekend, the first thing to catch the 10
No Charges Filed Against Mother Of Boy Who Fell Into Gorilla Pen. Zoo officials shot a 17-year-old endangered animal to protect the boy.
Norway Might Try To Ban Gas-Powered Cars. A new proposal would get gas-guzzlers off the road in the next decade.
Little Injured Fox Drags His Legs To Man Who Can Help Him. Finn the fox was not giving up.
Orca Who Was Once Free Beaches Herself After Performing. SeaWorld's orcas don't all live at SeaWorld. But they're all pretty messed up.
What Needs To Happen For The U.S. To Ditch Fossil Fuels. It's time to catch up to Europe.
Oil Train Derails, Spilling Crude In Columbia River Gorge. Black smoke billowed over the scene.
Jane Goodall To Cincinnati Zoo Director. Goodall sent a message of empathy after the zoo shot its 17-year-old gorilla, Harambe.
5 Charts Show Clean Power Can't Be Stopped By Cheap Oil. \ud83c\udf24 \ud83c\udf0d \ud83d\udca1
Here's Why You Should NEVER Pet A Service Dog. Flynn the dog does a lot to help out his 17-year-old human, Hailey Ashmore
More Than A Third Of The Coral Is Dead In Parts Of The Great Barrier Reef. Huge portions of the structure have been damaged by the area's biggest bleaching event ever.
Meatless Monday. Happy Memorial Day, the unofficial launch of summer and summer holidays. Where to go?  And what to eat?  A growing number of vegan tour groups make travel more fun and remove the worry about what's in your dinner. Think of it as plant-based Trip Advisor.
Pit Bull Patiently Waits In Line To Buy Ice Cream. When you were a kid, you'd probably go running when you heard the music from the ice cream truck coming near \u2014 and this sweet
Petersburg National Battlefield Hit By Looters Seeking Civil War Relics. The announcement came just before Memorial Day, when Americans remember those who died while serving in the armed forces.
Tropical Storm Bonnie Barrels Toward Carolinas. It is expected to bring heavy rain and surf.
Tropical Storm Bonnie\u00a0Weakens To Depression. Searches were under way in Texas and Kansas for three people swept away by floods.
New Video Shows Zoo Gorilla With Boy Before Ape Was Shot Dead. A 4-year-old boy fell into the animal's enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo.
Zoo Gorilla Shot Dead After Child Enters Enclosure. I'm sure it's difficult to keep an eye on your child 24/7. But in each of these cases, had a parent been supervising, not to mention not doing anything incredibly stupid like standing the child up on a railing or other precarious spot, these incidents would never have occurred.
Superintendent Says Sorry For Letting Students Drink Lead-Tainted Water. One school reportedly used the water for more than a week after test results came back.
Donald Trump. Today in a rally in Fresno, California, Donald Trump made a few comments about water. They were all inanities, parroting old Republican mis-statements and misrepresentations about the causes of California's water challenges.
World\u2019s Saddest Elephant Dies After 60 Years Alone In Her Cell. Hanako, the world's loneliest elephant, has died.
Trump Probably Can't Kill The World's Plan To Fight Global Warming. But he's sure going to try.
NOAA Predicts We'll See More Hurricanes This Year Than In 2015. The East Coast should expect a \near normal\ hurricane season.
Stunning Photos Show Massive Storms, Tornadoes Sweeping Across Midwest. More than 30 tornadoes were reported on Tuesday alone.
Australia Pressed UN To Ignore Great Barrier Reef In Key Climate Report. Officials worried it would negatively impact tourism.
World's 'Loneliest Elephant' Dies After Decades In Concrete Enclosure. Rest in peace, Hanako.
\u2018An Inconvenient Truth\u2019 Director Talks Climate And Change 10 Years After. Today marks the 10th anniversary of the release of An Inconvenient Truth, the documentary that helped bring climate change
Climate Activists Could Have A Major Say In Exxon\u2019s Future. Minority shareholders in the company can now nominate board members.
Oh Gee, Another Terrible Consequence Of Antibiotics In Farm Animals. You know, because the rise of superbugs wasn't enough.
Forged Federal Document Complicates A Growing Fight Over National Monument Designation In Utah. An escalating battle over Bears Ears pits state lawmakers against environmental groups, and splits Native Americans.
ExxonMobil Shareholders Are Starting The Climate War The Oil Giant Deserves. Trouble has been brewing for months.
An Oral History of 'An Inconvenient Truth'. This story originally appeared on Grist. A decade ago, climate change was a huge problem with a small audience. Unless you
Family Almost Trips Over Mountain Lion On Their Doorstep. Looking out her front window, Kathy Inman didn't know what to make of the massive animal sprawled on her front porch.
Santa Cruz Biotechnology Agrees To Record Fine To Settle Animal Abuse Charges. The company, accused of mistreating goats and rabbits, will surrender its sales license and stop animal research.
How EPA's Haze Rule Can Help Keep Our Air Clear. 
Young People Suing Their Government Over Climate Change Just Won Another Big Case. The kids are telling adults to do what needs to be done now.
Spring Has Sprung In The Arctic ... But It's Way Too Early For It. NOAA just reported the earliest snowmelt in 78 years of recorded history.
Farms Cause More Pollution Than You Might Think. It's more than just cow poop.
California Rolls Back Water Conservation As Drought Eases. SACRAMENTO, Calif., May 18 (Reuters) - California moved on Wednesday to dramatically roll back strict mandatory water conservation
Big Oil Could Have Cut CO2 Emissions In 1970s -- But Did Nothing. New documents show the industry chose to prioritize costs over the planet.
Human Developments Are Wiping Out The West's Natural Land, Report Finds. The wild West is getting a lot less wild.
13-Year-Old Boy Rescues Dog Trying To Flee Hot Car. Bradley North was leaving school with his friends when he noticed something concerning \u2014 a dog left alone in a hot car, with
We Just Completed A Full Year Of Record-Hot Months. \I'm just in shock,\ says one climate scientist. \I wish it weren't so.\
Australia To Lay Off Leading Scientist On Sea Levels. A pre-eminent scientist in the field of rising global sea levels has been given notice of his dismissal as part of deep cuts
Orphaned Baby Rhinos' Desperate Cries For Milk Will Break Your Heart. Their mother was killed by poachers.
World\u2019s Smallest Porpoise Teetering On The Brink Of Extinction; Only 60 Left In The Wild. The demand for illegal fish bladders is driving the vaquita's demise.
Canada wildfire. Those on the front lines ask what made this fire of \u2018unprecedented speed\u2019 different from the hundreds of other blazes that
Baby Elephant Follows His Rescuer Absolutely Everywhere. Baby Moyo was found when he was only a few days old, nearly drowned after being swept away from his family while trying to
Brave Dog Stood Between His Owner And A Rattlesnake. The DeLuca family only recently rescued this 2-year-old German shepherd named Haus, but it didn't take long for him to return
The Challenges and Gifts for Sustainable Tourism in Cuba. 
WATCH. The Catskill Animal Sanctuary rescues farm animals from a variety of bad circumstances. After one of their biggest rescues last October, they have welcomed a heard of baby goats that are getting a lot of attention.
Prominent Fisheries Scientist Under Fire For Seafood Industry Funding. Ray Hilborn, who has challenged grim predictions about fish stocks, vigorously denies a conflict of interest.
Hawaii May Become The First State To Help Farms Go Organic. Legislation awaiting the governor's signature would give tax breaks to farmers for the costs of organic certification.
Climate Change Is Shrinking Earth\u2019s Far-Flying Birds. Every year, flocks of red knots criss-cross the globe.
Obama Administration Cracking Down On Potent Planet-Warming Gas. The new rules are yet another line of the administration's attack on climate change.
Insane Marshmallow Clouds Bubble Up In Severe Storms. So. Fluffy. Must. Touch.
'Unusually' Thin And Fractured Arctic Ice Hints At Yet Another Record Melt. Could we even be facing an ice-free Arctic summer?
World's Carbon Dioxide Concentration Teetering On The Point Of No Return. The world is hurtling towards an era when global concentrations of carbon dioxide never again dip below the 400 parts per
Pit Bull Whose Ears Were Cut Off Is About To Meet Her New Family. It all began with a foul stench.
Why Activists Are Waging War Against This Walmart Product. So many problems in such a little can.
Tribe's Prevail, Kill Proposed Coal Port At Cherry Point. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers sided with Northwest tribes Monday in a decision to block the largest proposed bulk-shipping
Chick Born Without Eyes Snuggles Up With Every Other Pet In The House. The little creature who hatched out of an egg changed the way Rebekah Cummings thought of disabilities forever.
The Hidden Pain Behind Your Swim With The Dolphins. Throngs of Americans are heading south to the Caribbean right now, for the balmy sunshine, intoxicating evening breeze, turquoise
Humans May Have Killed All But 3 Of These Animals In The Wild. There's no way for the wild addax antelope population to sustain itself.
Way Too Many Tourists Are Dying In Hawaii. Including three this week.
This Technology Could Keep Airports From Slaughtering Birds. Researchers say they've found an effective deterrent that doesn't harm the birds at all.
U.S. Proposes Giving Wind Farms 30-Year Permits To Kill Eagles. The new proposal is open for public comment through July 5.
Ringling Bros Elephants Are Officially Retired. They'll spend the rest of their lives at a sanctuary in Florida.
Texas Floods Kill Grandmother And 4 Grandchildren. There were also numerous tornadoes from the storm system in Texas and Oklahoma.
Washington State Kids Score Huge Legal Win In Climate Change Lawsuit. A judge cited an \urgent situation\ in ordering the state to produce emissions-reducing regulations by the end of the year.
Ringling Retiring Elephants Is Not Enough, Animal Advocates Say. Activists want the animals to live out their lives at a sanctuary, not the Ringling's facility in Florida.
Kenya Lights A $100 Million Ivory Bonfire To Save Elephants (UPDATE). More than 10,000 animals have been killed because of human greed.
Chimp Abandoned On Island Holds Hands With The Woman Trying To Save Him. Everyone had forgotten about the loneliest chimp on the planet \u2014 but that's changing fast.
The U.S. Could Soon Have A National Mammal -- And It's Not Us. Congress has been busy passing legislation to honor the American bison.
U.S. Habitat Protections Denied For Endangered Bat Species. Federal wildlife managers said it would be imprudent to designate critical habitat for the bats because that would increase the risk of vandalism.
Sunken Ship El Faro's Data Recorder Found. The ship sunk in October during a hurricane off the Bahamas, killing all aboard.
Tornadoes, Dangerous Storms Hit Central U.S.. The storm knocked down tree limbs and left about 20,000 people in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area without power.
Yellowstone Park 'Bear Bathtub' Captured In Rare Video. Warning
Dolphins Are Getting Shipped To The Desert Just So We Can Swim With Them. More than 100,000 people have signed an online petition against the park.
Big Oil Ads Beat Out Climate News On CNN. The fossil fuel industry is spending millions to salvage its reputation.
Billionaire Has A $25 Million Plan To Get Young People Voting For Climate Action. NextGen Climate Action is heading to college campuses in seven states.
'GasLand' Director Goes To Bat For Bernie Sanders. Josh Fox says Sanders' plan to tackle climate change is the \only realistic one.\
Plane Flies Across The Pacific Using Only Solar Power. \It's a new era. It's not science fiction. It's today.\
Has climate change really improved U.S. weather?. 
Why Even President Trump Won't Kill The Climate Deal. It would just be too embarrassing.
Leaving \The Rock\. We have to leave \The Rock.\ And I don't mean leaving earth, although that might be a solution if it were possible. \The Rock\ we have to leave is a metaphorical one, but real none-the-less.
Earth Day Pledge to Get Every Kid in a Park. This Earth Day, join me in supporting this important initiative to connect every fourth grader with nature. I just took the pledge to help get Every Kid in a Park and I hope you will, too.
This Guy Raps About Climate Change, And Bill Nye Loves Him. \The man can spit.\
Why Hillary Clinton Won't Say Yes To A Carbon Tax. This is shameful.
The Fossil Fuel Industry Is Worse For The Climate Than We Thought. Ugh.
Blind Dog Who Was Kept In A Pantry Now Lives Like A King. When Splinter got sick, he was exiled to the pantry.
Gorilla Mom Is SO Proud Of Her Perfect Newborn Twins. It's never easy to catch a glimpse of the mountain gorillas who roam Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
Nat Geo Wild Offers a Weekend of Cute Dogs -- but Suggests We Treat Them Like Dogs (As If). In the Facebook age, some of us might want to be a little more careful about how we friend our dogs.
This May Be The Biggest Environmental Catastrophe No One Is Talking About. Researchers used infrared cameras to scan for methane gas leaks at over 8,000 U.S. sites.
Homeless Pitbull Couldn't Stop Trembling, Until Someone Showed Her Love. When Hope for Paws, a rescue organization in California, received a call about a homeless pit bull, they had no idea just
Conan O'Brien Bought This Octopus Instead Of Eating It. \How does one eat this?\ Conan O'Brien asked his translator while holding up a small octopus at a fish market in South Korea
Elephant Weeps As She Mourns The Death Of Her Very Best Friend. After being rescued from forced labor, elephants Jokia and Mae Perm had the longest running friendship at their sanctuary
Countries Get Down to Business on Phasing Down HFCs. Representatives from more than 150 countries took solid steps in Geneva last week towards a global deal to phase down the super heat-trapping pollutants called hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs).
Melting Ice Sheets Changing The Way The Earth Wobbles On Its Axis, Says Nasa. Global warming is changing the way the Earth wobbles on its polar axis, a new\u00a0Nasa study has found.
Climate Models May Overstate Clouds\u2019 Cooling Power. The computer models that predict climate change may be overestimating the cooling power of clouds, new research suggests
At This Prison, People And Animals Get Second Chances. Mike Smith was out of jail for 10 days when he blacked out while drinking and was arrested alongside a busy street in Key
Nearly Half Our Power Could Come From Rooftop Solar Panels. But here's why it's not happening.
Almost Half Of World Heritage Sites Are Threatened, Report Finds. These UNESCO-protected sites  hold \outstanding value to humanity.\
Dog Who Grew Up On A Chain Finally Gets A Chance To Be A Puppy. Misha loves the beach.
This Underwater Technology Harnesses Ocean Waves To Make Renewable Energy. And bonus
Why Doctors Are Backing Obama's Climate Plan. \u201cWe've seen our patients suffer and we recognize that something must be done about carbon pollution.\
Injured Swan Hugs The Man Who Rescued Her. While visiting the U.K.'s Abbotsbury Swannery a few years back, Richard Wiese, host of the television show \Born to Explore
Albino Dolphin Was Stolen From The Ocean To Live In A Tiny Tank. Anyone who's watched the 2010 documentary \The Cove\ knows about the horrific dolphin hunts that happen in Taiji, Japan.
Washington White Nose Bat Death Becomes First West Of Rockies. This is the first time the disease, which killed 6 million bats in the eastern U.S., has been detected on the West Coast.
Sea World Calls For End To Japanese Whaling. The controversial company is partnering with The Humane Society of the United States as part of a shift toward marine conservation.
More Reflections on the SeaWorld Agreement. SeaWorld CEO Joel Manby and I sent a letter to President Obama urging him to use a wide range of diplomatic tools to pressure Japan to end its commercial whaling activities and to stop contravening international law by slaughtering hundreds of innocent whales.
'Ice Wall' Is Japan's Last-Ditch Effort To Contain Fukushima Radiation. Five years after the earthquake and tsunami, Japan is still picking up the pieces.
This Is Why You Shouldn't Go To The Circus. This is the depressing truth behind the greatest show on Earth.
Zoo Gorilla Sends Clear Message To Visitors That He Wants Out. This gorilla isn't giving up.
Dog Plays Dead So He Can Stay At The Park Longer. No dog wants to leave the park.
This Cafe Doesn't Have Pumpkin Spice, But It Does Have Puppies. With cat cafes as popular as they are in the United States, it begs the question \u2026 why not dogs?
World's Loneliest Orca Still Stuck In America's Tiniest Tank. Lolita \u2014 the unlucky orca who's spent 45 long years in captivity \u2014 isn't going anywhere, the Miami Seaquarium announced this
5 Ways to Make Cocoa More Sustainable. Chocolate producers, cocoa buyers and local governments are all more successful if the cocoa farmer is successful, which is why increased collaboration and cooperation between groups, even competitors, is imperative.
Stray Dog Finds Comfort In Only Friend He Can Find. They came from very different worlds. But they shared one thing in common
The U.S. Wants To Bring Clean Energy To American Indian Lands. But many tribes still rely on oil and gas.
What You Should Do If You Find A Litter Of Kittens. You're likely to hear them before you see them.
First Eaglet Hatches In Hays Bald Eagle Nest. HAYS (KDKA) \u2013 There\u2019s an eaglet in the Hays bald eagle nest!
Baby Elephant Flees In Horror From Terrifying Baby Goat. Meeting somebody new can be scary \u2014 especially if you're just a child.
Ex Trainers Say SeaWorld's Lying About Tilikum's Health. On Thursday, SeaWorld announced an historic decision to end breeding in its captive orca program. While the change is a huge
Dog Just Stares At Wall After His New Family Returned Him. A dog doesn't get many signs that things aren't working out with his family.
Tourists Horrified To Find Sea Creatures Trapped In Underwater Cages. A group of divers made a disturbing discovery last week while exploring near the remote island of Kokoya, in Indonesia.
Will Merrick Garland Save Obama's Climate Legacy?. The Supreme Court nominee has a good reputation with environmental law scholars.
Brave Dog Who Lost Her Paws Meets Her Forever Family. \Don't ever question who can defy the odds,\ Shannon Keith, president of Animal Rescue, Media & Education (ARME), told The
Shelter Dog Simply Can't Control Her Excitement At Being Adopted. Yes, that's her new family. And those are Coso's paws high in the air. Free at last.
Couple Photographs Cat Staring At Their Food Every Day For A Year. Every time we eat, our pets are on alert.
'Mean' Dog Melts In The Arms Of The First Person To Show Her Love. When you're at an animal shelter about to look at a dog, it's hard to imagine two words more unsettling than \bite risk.\
Hell And High Water. Houston is the fourth-largest city in the country. It\u2019s home to the nation\u2019s largest refining and petrochemical complex, where
Dog Born With Odds Stacked Against Her Found Just The Parents She Needed. We all see the photos that people share on Facebook desperately asking \someone\ to please adopt a dog. Sometimes we share
Feds Propose Lifting Protections For Yellowstone Grizzly Bears. Grizzly numbers have rebounded in recent decades.
This Guy Just Can't Stop Adopting Senior Dogs And Farm Animals. Steve Greig is far from your ordinary pet owner, let alone accountant.
Why Get A Shelter Dog When You Can Get The Whole Shelter?. Danielle Eden is no stranger to hell.\u00a0She usually brings a few dogs back from there.
This Baby Wombat Is The Year's Must-Have Dog Grooming Accessory. Yhi the wombat may still be only a baby, but she's got an important job to do.
This Horse Hasn't Been Let Out Of His Stall In YEARS. Not many people have seen him since his glory days as a Tennessee walking horse.
Vet Rocks Puppy Like A Baby To Calm Her After Surgery. Life can be scary when you're a puppy growing up in a shelter.
SeaWorld Admits To Spying On Animal Activists. SeaWorld has admitted to sending employees to infiltrate and spy on animal welfare groups.
Viral Rabbit Video Isn't So Cute When You Know The Real Story. You've probably seen it on your Facebook feed
Kids Reading To Shelter Dogs Is The Sweetest Thing You'll See All Day. It might be impossible for any one person to adopt every pet in need of a good home, but these kids are doing the next best
This Is Why No One Should Ever Breed White Tigers. One look at Kenny and it's clear why white tigers shouldn't be bred. Kenny was rescued in 2000 at around 2 years old. He
Here's What Happens When Your Cat Goes On A Catnip Binge. Man may never unlock all the secrets of the universe, but thanks to 16 ounces of organic catnip, one spaced out mouser just
Shivering Puppy Wears A Sock Because He\u2019s Too Small For A Coat. The world can seem like a cruel, cold place for an 8-week-old Chihuahua.
A Baby Dolphin Died Because Tourists Wanted Selfies With Her. A picture may be worth a thousand words \u2014 but this one cost a life.
The 'Saddest Dog In The World' Is Home At Last. It seems like forever ago since Lana, once proclaimed \the saddest dog in the world,\ has actually lived up to that nickname
Record-Setting Cold Chills Northeast On Valentine's Day. \It's fair to say that this is a historic Arctic outbreak for the modern era.\
The Dark Secret Of Massive Dairy Farms, In One Photo. The image is almost surreal \u2014 row after row of little huts stretching toward the horizon \u2014 and few people are acquainted
Dog Left Behind When Owners Moved Didn't Even Look Like A Dog. After her tenants left without notice, a landlord in New Hampshire went to investigate an abandoned apartment ... and discovered
Dog Waited In This Spot For A Month For Her Family To Return. A dog was tragically separated from her family when she reportedly fell off their boat and into the Chao Phraya river in
Freezing Weather Grips Northeast U.S.. A word to the wise
People Bring Food To Starving Zoo Animals Everyone Else Has Forgotten. There's just one tiger left at the zoo in Khan Younis, a city in war-torn Gaza. His name is Laziz.
Abandoned Pup That Went Viral Now Has A New Home. MIAMI (CBSMiami) \u00a0\u2014 It was the picture that sadly stared at hundreds of thousands of social media users.
Baby Elephant Follows His Rescuer Absolutely Everywhere. Baby Moyo was found when he was only a few days old, nearly drowned after being swept away from his family while trying to
Watch This Service Dog Totally Fangirl Over Meeting Pluto At Disneyland. It can be pretty exciting when we finally get to meet those we look up to, and one dog got to experience exactly that during
Woman's Boyfriend Was Angry ... So He Took It Out On Her Cat. This small, black cat did nothing more than exist at the wrong place at the wrong time, and it very nearly killed her.
Emaciated Mother Dog Digs Hole To Deliver Her Puppies. Filthy, matted, emaciated and weak, with pieces of debris and wire embedded in her caked-together fur, she burrowed deep
Puppy Mill Mother So Scared She Hides Her Babies In The Wall. In the middle of the night in late January, 2016, two women snuck into a puppy mill in a remote area of New South Wales, Australia
Emaciated Mother Dog Digs Hole To Deliver Her Puppies. Filthy, matted, emaciated and weak, with pieces of debris and wire embedded in her caked-together fur, she burrowed deep
Dog Just Can\u2019t Stop Smiling Ever Since She Found A Home. Kinta the Shiba Inu sure has a lot to smile about these days. But that wasn't always the case.
This Shelter Is Shooting Dogs \u2014 And It's Completely Legal. An animal shelter in Bristow, Oklahoma, is reportedly putting down dogs in the worst way possible
Sick, Starving Dog Found On Street May Not Be What She Seems. A good rescue is up for saving any dog. Even when she might not be a dog.
Dog Who Turned To Stone Never Knew She Could Be Loved So Much. In April 2015, a woman spotted a stray dog from a distance outside Athens, Greece, whose face had completely hardened.
Is This The Worst Zoo In The World?. This might be one of the saddest zoos in the world.
Dog Was So Heartbroken She Couldn't Even Face The World. For a time, it seemed all she could do was cower and hide from the world she knew.
If You Love Elephants, Don't Ever Ride Them. Here's Why.. On Thursday, a 43-year-old captive female elephant died in Vietnam.
Officer Goes On Routine Call ... And Ends Up Falling In Love. His life had only just begun, but things were already looking dark for one little dog in Florida.
'Very Large' Avalanche Kills 5 Snowmobilers In British Columbia. The avalanche was human-triggered, officials said.
Cat Notices Most Unexpected Visitor At His Door And Is Completely Unfazed. You never know who will come calling these days.
Animals Left To Die At Abandoned Zoo Are Losing Their Minds. Meet the zoo animals who were left to die.
People Are Breeding Pit Bulls Over And Over -- Then Dumping Them. Cindy Lou had just had puppies when she was either tossed from a moving car or run over on purpose. No one knows exactly
Dog Who Was Missing Most Of His Face Makes A Complete Recovery. Animal Aid Unlimited, a rescue organization in India, received word of a severely injured dog who had given up hope \u2014 and
An Open Letter From 20 Animals Who May Not Be Around Much Longer. We, the undersigned, are tired of your excuses.
This Dog's Nose Was Cut Off, But Now He's Surrounded By Love. As miserable as this dog's job was guarding a property in Cairo, he took it seriously.
Cat And Bobcat Face Off For Control Of Suburban Feline Kingdom. Things took an awkward and unpleasant turn for one curious bobcat after he decided to drop by for a visit with his fluffy
Justin Trudeau Tells Leo DiCaprio To Tone It Down On Climate Change. In Davos, Trudeau took the actor to task, calling his campaign \inflammatory.\
Reflections From Davos. Arriving home after a whirlwind week in the snowy Swiss mountain village of Davos at the World Economic Forum, those of us engaged in the climate change discussions are feeling positive but pragmatic about the challenges ahead.
This Is The Moment Everything Began To Change For Her. She roamed the streets of Bulgaria, her body emaciated. All her fur had fallen off to reveal cracked, dead skin.
From Davos. We need to unleash the power of nature to help make cities more resilient, livable and ultimately flourishing so both nature and people can thrive.
Time for the US to Start a RIMPAC for Climate Change. The Pacific Command should propose a \climate change RIMPAC\ that will bring together working-level officers from Pacific Rim nations for exercises that will build a new level of trust in the region and make military exercises an opportunity for unity, rather than creating new tensions.
SeaWorld Dolphin's Death Reveals More Dark Truths. Another dolphin has died at SeaWorld \u2014 and her death shines light on the sad plight of one of SeaWorld's least-known animals
Man Refuses To Abandon Chimp, Even Though Everyone Else Has. For more than 30 years, Ponso the chimp has been living on a deserted island off the Ivory Coast. He has no source of food
This French Bulldog LOVES The Snow. There are those of us who hate wintertime and all that snow. Then there are those of us who, given a chance, would love to
Woman Went In For A Manicure And Ended Up Saving A Life. When Darlene went into a nail salon in California, she expected to come out with a fresh manicure \u2014 not a rescue mission
Activists Celebrate A Big Win For Elephants. Elephants are having a pretty good 2016 so far.
The Disturbing Truth Behind Your Swim With The Dolphins. Throngs of Americans are heading south to the Caribbean right now, for the balmy sunshine, intoxicating evening breeze, turquoise
This Is What Happens Before The Elephant Ride. It's called crushing \u2014 a practice inflicted on wild elephants to make them carry tourists on their back.
Dog Helps Sad Baby Elephant See The Brighter Side Of Life. There was once a period when things couldn't have been much bleaker for this baby elephant who, shortly after being born
The End of an Error. We can keep dirty coal in the ground and protect our public lands from mining and generate electricity with clean energy and give people better jobs. Thanks to today's announcement, we're that much closer to making it happen.
Man Gets Maximum Sentence After Adopting Dog Off Craigslist, Burning Her Alive. She was never given a fair shot at life, but this week, a pit bull named Lucky may have finally gotten justice.
They Thought They Were All Alone In The World. They Were Wrong.. Their owner dropped them off at the shelter without any explanation.
This Farm Is Looking For Volunteers To Play With Baby Goats. One-way ticket to Virginia, please.
They Never Imagined What They'd Find In This Dog's Stomach. Amanda Brooks sees countless dogs in dire need of help as the foster and adoptions coordinator for the rescue group, Marley's
Dog Given A Home To Die In ... But He Decides To Live Instead. Animals are so much stronger than we realize \u2014 even in the face of death.
Man Living In The Wild Says Goodbye To His 31 Pet Dogs. One man living life in the wild for the past 16 years wouldn't accept help for himself without first making sure his dogs
Puppy Abandoned In McDonald's Dumpster Now Wearing Comfy Sweaters. This small pup's start in life has been devastating \u2014 but it's starting to pick up for the better.
Cat Refuses To Leave Supermarket No Matter How Many Times He's Kicked Out. You can take him outside. You can ask him to leave. But he'll just come back. Stronger. Angrier. Fluffier.
How the World Resources Forum Came to be. Having started out as conferences focused on recycling with 200 participants in the 1990s to become an annual Forum twice the size, the World Resources Forum has come a long way since its inception.
New Index Attempts to Measure Excessive Resource Use. There is a growing awareness among political decision-makers that we need to take action to accommodate the resource needs of a human population that is expected to exceed 9 billion by 2050. Yet that awareness still needs to translate into political action.
When Recycling Isn't as Green as It Seems. Most of those involved in promoting recycling or resource efficiency suggest that for recycling to be sustainable, it has to be incorporated more completely into products' life cycle. That is, their eventual recycling should be built into their design from the beginning.
Training the Next Generation of Food System Innovators. In August 2015, 25 students from 17 different countries spent two weeks on an organic farm in Switzerland, discussing the question of how to feed the world and how to do it without harming human health, the environment or people's communities.
How the Media Can Improve Their Climate Coverage. Former Guardian editor, Alan Rusbridger, shortly before stepping down, said he felt the media was failing to meet the challenge of covering the climate crisis; it's a view shared by many others in the press, even as seriousness of the danger posed by climate change is increasingly recognized.
How Anil Markandya Created the Idea of a 'Green Economy'. At the heart of negotiations among developing nations was the concept of the \green economy.\ It's an idea that was introduced almost 30 years ago but only recently became a keystone in the climate change debate.
Unlimited Resources, Limited Environment. There is a growing awareness among political decision-makers that we need to take action to accommodate the resource needs of a human population that is expected to exceed 9 billion by 2050. Yet that awareness still needs to translate into political action.
'It's Gonna Be Messy, It's Gonna Be Slow'. A shift in consumption patterns requires well-informed customers and comparable data. At this year's WRF, vegetarianism was set as the default dietary option when registering for the conference. Meat-eaters, for a change, had to make the extra effort, signing up for a meat meal in advance.
13,000 Animals Are Stranded At Sea Right Now And Nobody Is Talking About It. They have been stranded for over 11 days, and some are starting to die.
Terminally Ill Man's Life Completely Transformed By His Dogs. Every time Zach Skow looked in the mirror, he saw a dead man.
This Wild Rabbit Can't Help But Fall In Love With Pet Bunny. This wild rabbit got an unusual look into the world of domestic bunnies \u2014 and he likes what he sees.
Man Sees Trash Bag Moving And Finds Heartbreaking Surprise. A heart-stopping video recently posted to Facebook distills the opposite extremes of human nature in just a few seconds.
This Simple Trick May Help Keep Your Dog Calm During Fireworks. Fireworks can be a scary experience for dogs, and may even cause them to run away \u2014 but this easy trick could help prevent
Learning From a Winter of Extremes. Forecasters expect 2016 to be the warmest year ever recorded. Models suggest this is primarily because of the long term warming trend caused by man-made climate change. But around 25 percent of the warming expected for 2016 is explained by the strong El Ni\u00f1o, which exacerbates the warming impact of climate change.
Emails. Emails and documents obtained by DeSmog reveal that the U.S. Department of Trade has actively promoted and facilitated  business deals for the liquefied natural gas (LNG) industry and export terminal owners, even before some of the terminals have the federal regulatory agency permits needed to open for business.
Obama's Oily Christmas Gift. Just over a week before the U.S. signed the Paris climate agreement at the conclusion of the COP21 United Nations summit, President Barack Obama signed a bill into law with a provision that expedites permitting of oil and gas pipelines in the United States.
Peace and #Safepassage for Refugees in 2016. A short distance outside the village of Molyvos on the Greek Island of Lesbos there is a rubbish dump of life jackets, discarded now, but forever witness to the hope and suffering of those who fled war, poverty and oppression this year.
SF Zoo Celebrates Birthday Of Oldest Black Rhino In North America. The exact date of Elly's birth isn't known, as she was born in the wild. But she has lived at the zoo since April 1974.
Yes, There Is A Smart Way To Break Up A Dog Fight. As a former animal control officer, I have seen my share of dogs fighting. I'm not talking about dogfighting in the Michael
Paris Agreement--A Good Foundation for Meaningful Progress. The Paris Agreement provides an important new foundation for meaningful progress on climate change, and represents a dramatic departure from the past 20 years of international climate negotiations.
Kitten With Multiple Puncture Wounds Miraculously Survives. No one can say for certain how the first weeks of Smurf's life played out, but his broken body and frightened eyes hint at
Record Flooding Drowns Midwest. At least 27 people have died in the region's flooding since the weekend.
The Mississippi River Is About To Have A Record Flood. The Mississippi River is flooding in a big way right now, at the wrong time of year, and is forecasted to match or break
The Chilling Image Behind Every Vaccine You've Ever Had. At just about 300 million years old, horseshoe crabs are about 200 million years older than the dinosaurs. This almost mythical
Dog Living In Hell Finds The Strength To Lift His Paw For Help. When Duffy was discovered in a dark, cave-like room, he could scarcely wag his tail.
Dog FLIPS OUT When He Unwraps His Christmas Present. Have you ever been so excited to unwrap a gift that you nearly wag your tail off?
Quadruple Amputee Dog Walks Again Thanks To Prosthetic Paws. Two years after losing all four of his paws, a very determined Rottweiler named Brutus is back to doing something that once
11 Dead In Texas Storms That Spawned Tornadoes. Days of tumultuous weather have led to 43 deaths overall across Texas, Illinois, Missouri and the Southeast.
Severe Weather Death Toll Reaches 25 As New Tornadoes Hit Texas. Seven people were killed in the greater Dallas area after a storm system brought tornadoes and flooding.
Alabama Tornado Adds To Christmas Storm Woes. The Alabama tornado is the latest development in an ongoing series of storms that has hammered the South during Christmas week.
Kitten Will Do Whatever It Takes To Get Baby Deer's Attention. When a young cat crossed paths with a fawn hanging out on her porch, the fawn stared blankly as if the cat wasn't even there
14 Dead After Rare December Tornadoes Sweep Through South. ASHLAND, Miss. (AP) \u2014 Instead of doing some last-minute shopping or wrapping gifts, families across the South spent Christmas
Killer Tornadoes Sweep Across The South. The storms killed at least seven people and left several others missing.
'Life Of Pi' Trainer Filmed Allegedly Whipping Young Tiger. \I like hitting him in the face,\ the trainer says. The trainer is Michael Hackenberger, co-owner of the Bowmanville Zoo
Eastern U.S. Cities To Shatter Christmas Eve Warm Weather Records. The warm air surging up the East Coast on Christmas Eve will prove nothing short of historic. Dozens of records will fall
Passengers Rescued From Ride At SeaWorld Orlando. The ride stopped with the guests and two SeaWorld employees aboard, according to a statement from the company. It said the disruption lasted for \less than three hours.\
This Coffee Shop Opens Its Doors Every Night To Stray Dogs. While it may not be possible to open your home to every stray pet in need, an open heart can be just as accommodating.
WATCH. For most of us, it's hard to conceive of a life without power, yet a staggering 1.1 billion people on the planet do not have
They Raided A Drug Den, But They Never Expected To Find This. The drug raid was about to take place. The time and location was set.
Policeman Risks Life To Save Dog From Inferno. A policeman's job is often described as \to serve and protect\ and an officer in Mexico recently exemplified those duties
Fighting Climate Change with Trees in Africa. Restoration is Africa's best chance to protect itself from climate change. Even though the continent as a whole has contributed minimally to the global climate change problem, Africans will be among those most affected.
Towards a Global Definition of Sustainable Palm Oil. It would be an act against conservation to reject a platform that would address the environmental needs of the global community while improving socio-economic needs for local communities.
A Miracle Happens After This Bird Adopts A Store-Bought Egg. Given their ubiquity as an ingredient in cooking, it's remarkably easy to forget that store-bought eggs weren't actually
Pet Store Chain Selling Sick And Injured Dogs From Puppy Mills. 'Tis the holiday season
The Disturbing Story Behind This Dog's Disappearance. When Jason Diggs came downstairs from tucking in his baby, his dog was gone.
Look At The Sweet Friendship Between This Man And A Wild Orca. New Zealand-based kayaker Nathan Pettigrew knows orcas \u2014 and it turns out they also know him.
The Government Is Killing The Last Of America's Majestic Wild Horses. You're running. It seems like it's been days \u2026 and it has. You're strong and powerful but your legs hurt so badly because
Starving Dog Rescued And Nursed Back To Health. Behold, the 30-day (or so) miracle.
After Climate Agreement Makes History, the Real Work Begins. After two weeks of intense debate and little sleep for delegates from 196 countries, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius banged the ceremonial green gavel Saturday evening, adopting the ambitious document put forth by the United Nations' committee earlier in the day.
Biggest Environmental Moment in History?. Beyond ratifying the substantial, but inadequate, voluntary national commitments to lower climate emissions, which had already emerged as the first major Paris contribution to climate progress, the final Paris agreement opened three major avenues for climate advocates and solutions.
Puppy Living Behind Dumpster Too Terrified To Be Rescued. When rescuers spotted a tiny puppy living behind a dumpster, they thought it'd be a \ piece of cake\ to save her.
The Paris Climate Agreement Is One Huge Step For Mankind. The accord shows humans can transcend narrow national interests.
Why I Went to the Paris Climate Talks. There was hope when the head of outdoor gear company, Patagonia, suggested we mend our torn jackets rather than replace them. There was hope when Darian Rodriguez Heyman, a head of the UN's Impact Investing Global Summit, said a new, green economy was already starting to grow.
No Climate Justice, No Peace. The Bay Area, although a global leader in the fight for our climate, still lags behind environmentally for communities of color like West and East Oakland, and Richmond.
These Dogs Avenged Their Buddy By Trashing This Guy's Ride. Revenge, like a freshly poured bowl of the finest wet dog food, is a dish best served cold. That's something one not-so-nice
Global CO2 Levels Exceed Safe Zone For The First Time In Human History. According to measurements from the Scripps Mauna Lua Observatory in Hawaii, the amount of carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere
This Sustainable City Could End Our Fossil Fuel Dependency. Masdar City in the UAE is exclusively powered by renewable energy sources
Mother Cat Brings Her Kittens To Meet An Unlikely Old Friend. It's one of life's most beautiful truths
Former SeaWorld Employee Recounts Horrifying Treatment Of Orcas. The past few years have seen a stream of former SeaWorld employees speak out about their time at the company. Now another
One Man's Compassion Saved These Turtles' Lives. Pulled from the ocean to be sold as food, two sea turtles in Papua New Guinea faced almost certain death. But thanks to one
WATCH. Partisan divides can make it difficult for national legislators to come together.
We'll Never Fix Global Warming Unless We Do This. You recycle your plastic iced tea bottles. Of course you carry a reusable bottle for water. You compost the scraps from your
Donkey Who Nearly Died In Flood Breaks Into Grin When Rescued. He was struggling in rising floodwaters, but some people weren't going to let him die.
The Ugly Truth About Breeding 'White Tigers'. One look at Kenny and it's clear why white tigers shouldn't be bred.
Why I'm Attending the COP21 Climate Talks as an Educator. I am here to represent my students and and myself, and to call for what needs to happen to address this problem in a way that helps the people who will need the most help.
Unity Is Key at COP21 and Beyond. It is a great honor to be given the opportunity to represent Denver Public Schools and Climate Generation
The Sad And Strange Reason Why No One Wants This Dog. When he arrived at the shelter, Mickey couldn't afford to miss another meal.
What #BirdsTellUs About Climate Change -- And How We Can Make a Difference. Today, birds are giving us clear warnings about the health of our world. And they're showing us what we need to do to make a difference.
Family Finds Frozen Kitten And Nurses Him Back To Life. There's no greater instrument for good than a caring heart \u2014 in fact, that's what sets the stage for miracles. Just ask the
Couple's Neglect Of Dog Is Simply Painful And Disgusting. Good dogs suffer when owners do absolutely nothing.
Whales Just Got A New Ally. Whales just got an unlikely new ally in their fight to stay alive.
The Blueprint For A Low Carbon Economy To Tackle Global Warming. You recycle your plastic iced tea bottles. Of course you carry a reusable bottle for water. You compost the scraps from your
Baby Elephant Gets (Adorably) Rescued From The Mud. Fact
Legendary Elephant Will Finally Gain Freedom From Chains. Thong Bai, a giant bull elephant, is known as a beautiful symbol of the Surin province in Thailand.
Woman Charged With Animal Cruelty After Duct-Taping Dog's Mouth. Police in North Carolina have charged a woman with animal cruelty after pictures of her dog muzzled with duct tape appeared
GRAPHIC. This puppy couldn't possibly understand his owner's rage \u2014 a rage that found the tiny animal drenched in boiling water and
Woman Duct-Tapes Her Dog's Mouth And Brags About It. A woman posted a picture of her dog with her mouth duct-taped shut on Facebook on Friday morning, enraging just about everyone
Here's What Makes Dogs Walk Away From Their Bowls. Each and every cat is special in his or her own way, offering a lifetime of love that far exceeds their furry frames. But
The Climax of Obama's Climate Legacy. As President Obama flies to Paris for the latest international negotiation on climate change, diplomats on both sides of the Atlantic appear confused about what his position will be. Will he champion legally binding commitments by all nations to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions? Or will he agree only to deal with no legal force?
It's #TimeToChoose Climate-Friendly Food. If we are serious about changing the climate, we need to get serious about changing agriculture.
Petrified Whale Throws Himself Against Rocks To Avoid Hunters. These are the heartbreaking final moments of a pilot whale during the infamous annual slaughter in Taiji, Japan \u2014 and an
Food Security Must Be a Top Priority for the Paris COP. When we think of climate change, we tend to picture rising sea levels, higher temperatures, expanding deserts, more violent storms, melting ice caps. But we should also think of wasted fields and hungry people, because climate change poses a tremendous threat to our food supply for all countries.
Look At The Unbreakable Bond Between A Blind Puppy And Her Brother. A pair of forlorn greyhound puppies found in the scrublands of Spain had everything against them.
Old Circus Elephant Is Taken To The Last Place She'd Ever Expect. Mia and Sita have been living their whole lives in chains \u2014 until now.
Woman Who Flung Puppy Out Of Car Goes To Jail. A year after she flung a 3-month-old puppy from a car window, cracking the tiny dog's skull and damaging her brain, Alsu
Dog Who Turned To 'Stone' Is Rescued Just In Time. Animal rescues have been known to pull off miracles \u2014 and this lucky dog was recently changed back from stone.
The Bizarre Truth Behind This Photo Of Ladybugs In A Dog's Mouth. You may have spotted this warning about oral hygiene gone straight to hell.
After Twenty Years Of Being Chained, This Circus Cat Is Finally Free. An elderly mountain lion who spent his life chained to the back of a truck has finally gotten a taste of freedom.
Half Of The Amazon's Tree Species Are Threatened. Even the ones we don't have names for yet.
Look At These Stunning Photos Of The 'Blue Dragon'. Plenty of strange and fanciful creatures have been invented within the long tradition of lore and mythology, but few real
A Tiny Troll Doll Is The Only Friend This Chimp Has. Foxie gave birth again and again, but all four of her babies, including a set of twins, were taken away from her just after
Can 'Super Coral' Save Our Oceans?. Ryan Duffy explores in the latest episode of \Now What\
Dog With Skin Condition Has A Strange Past. No, it's not face paint
The Grisly Reality Behind This Popular Soy Sauce Brand. A popular soy sauce brand has been engaging in torturous animal research to back up health claims it makes about its products
Blind Dog Needs A New Home After His Owner's Sudden Death. Ray was only supposed to be with Brittany Robinson for a few weeks \u2014 but his short stay turned into a much longer one after
Dog Living In Abandoned House Gets Her First Warm Bath. Like so many dog rescues, this one all started with a Facebook post. Dusty Showers, a dog rescuer in Florida, was tagged
Homeless Man Takes Massive Risk To Save His Dog. This man's best friend was hours from being killed \u2014 so he did what most law-abiding people would consider unthinkable.
Anxiety-Ridden Bird Tells Her Rescuers 'I Love You'. Life is looking up for a bird once called Hobby, the anxious exotic pet who destroyed all her feathers while living in conditions
This Hat Everyone Is Wearing Is Made Of Canine Fur. A recent investigation by National Observer uncovered an ugly truth about fur labeling in Canada
Dog Rescued From Slaughterhouse Can Pick His Own Toy Now. Weeks after being rescued from an illegal slaughterhouse operation, perhaps best described as hell on earth, this sweet young
Service Dog Helps 11-Year-Old Girl With Rare Disorder Walk. When Bella met George, something wonderful happened. Not long ago, the 11-year-old with a rare disorder was clinging to crutches
Officials Appalled By What's Inside These Crates. Last week, officials at the Laos border stopped a suspicious man who was trying to cross into Thailand with dozens of red
This Website Will Match You With The Perfect Dog. PawsLikeMe might know you better than you know yourself.
Heartbreaking Photo Captures The Endless Loyalty Of Dogs. He was spotted standing by a motionless body on the roadside near Dallas-Fort Worth National Cemetery on Sunday. It seemed
Dog Sees Dolphins For The First Time And Decides To Become One. Sandy was a stray who was rescued off the streets in the Bahamas and given a family \u2014 but that was only the beginning of
Human Rights in the Anthropocene. 
The Distressing Story Behind This Photo Of An Orangutan And Her Baby. Much has been written about the plight of orangutans clinging to life in the dwindling forests of Indonesia. But where words
The Activists' Playbook Behind Obama's Keystone Rejection. By overtly politicizing the issue, the activists may have further polarized attitudes about climate change and moved the country closer to a scenario in which climate change is considered a Democratic issue, while opposition to climate-friendly policies becomes a litmus test for Republicans.
Progressive Farming Can Save Us From A Global Food Crisis. We are on the precipice of a global food crisis. The math is simple and staggering
Tragic Photo Shows Girl Meeting The Pups She Had To Give Away. A lonely pup named Miya waits in a tiny cell for someone to take her home \u2014 because the little girl who desperately loves
Rejected Baby Elephant Is Done Weeping. He's come a long way since his mother tried to kill him.
Here's How Much We Could Save The Planet By Ditching Toilet Paper. In April 2007, Sheryl Crow took the stage at Middle Tennessee State University during a stop on her Global Warming College
Neighbors Tried To Rescue This Dog, But He's Still Suffering. Last week, a man knocked on his neighbor's door at a Houston condo complex with a stern warning
Helpless Cat Found Chained And Padlocked In The Woods. If someone hadn't happened to walk by, this sweet black and white cat would likely still be chained up all alone in the woods
Americans Largely Unconcerned About Climate Change, Survey Finds. \It will cause famines and wars, huge problems. I don't know why people wouldn't be worried about it.\
Drowning Dog Lets Her Rescuers Know How Happy She Is To Be Saved. When an unsuspecting street dog fell into a well, she likely thought she wouldn't survive \u2014 until a few kind humans did everything
Pit Bull Had Lost All Hope When Kids Found Him In The Grass. If it weren't for the group of kids who spotted his limp body by the side of the road, Remi wouldn't be alive today.
Wreckage Of Cargo Ship Lost During Hurricane Joaquin Believed To Be Found. WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 A search team using sophisticated sonar has found the wreckage of a vessel believed to be the cargo ship
Beating the Heat in Dubai. Concern about the efficiency of air conditioning in very hot climates has been an obstacle to winning agreement on a phase-down of the powerful heat-trapping chemicals known as HFCs (hydrofluorocarbons). Now we have new test data on the performance of next-generation refrigerants in air conditioners commonly used in homes and buildings.
Spiders Inspire Fear -- Along With Novel Products That Could Change The World. Scientists are working to mimic the ways spiders spin silk and repel water, among other things.
Anxiety-Ridden Bird Plucks Her Feathers Off Till Rescuers Arrive. Her former owners named her as they thought of her
Dejected Dog Too Sad To Walk After Being Returned To Shelter. Sometimes, everything just breaks.
Dying Puppy Found Alone In Forest Makes Miracle Transformation. Back in May, Stephanie Smith-Justus got a call from a worried neighbor. He had just seen a dog who was in dire need of help
They Cut Off His Ears, But They Couldn't Break His Spirit. It was the week before Thanksgiving and my kids and I were volunteering at Animal Haven shelter in New York City when a precious
The Heartbreaking Story Behind This Gorilla's Photo. This stunning photograph of a murdered silverback gorilla proves that, when it comes to grieving, there's no difference between
The Plan To Save The World. Right now,\u00a0we're in a car, hanging on for dear life as we hurtle around a mountain bend. If we don't hit the brakes soon
Grateful Penguin Always Comes Back To His Rescuer. A Magellanic penguin named Jingjing lives in Patagonia, but since 2011 he's got a seasonal home in Brazil.
Watch Greenland Melt Away. This river is one of a network of thousands at the front line of climate change.
If You Think It's Safe To Drive With Your Pet, Think Again. No responsible pet owner would ever think of putting their dog in harm's way \u2014 but folks who travel with their furry family
In Wake Of Hurricane Patricia, Houston Hit By Hard Rains As Storm Moves To Louisiana. The storm is expected to bring 2.5 inches to 8 inches of more rain as it crosses Louisiana overnight Sunday.
Weakened Hurricane Patricia Spares Mexican Cities, Hits Remote Areas. CHAMELA, Mexico, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Hurricane Patricia caused less damage than feared on Mexico's Pacific coast on Saturday
Little Fawn Doesn't Want To Leave Her Hero. Not only did one nature-loving guy manage to single-handedly rehabilitate an injured deer who was abandoned by her family
How Did Hurricane Patricia Become A Monster So Quickly?. WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Hurricane Patricia zoomed from tropical storm to record-beater in 30 hours flat like a jet-fueled sports
Houston Braces For Floods As Remnants Of Hurricane Patricia Batter Texas. HOUSTON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Heavy rains fueled by the meeting of two strong storm systems, one the remnants of Hurricane
Astronaut Scott Kelly Tweets Staggering Photos Of Hurricane Patricia From Space. The hurricane is one of the most powerful ever recorded.
Live Video Streams Show Hurricane Patricia Making Landfall. Hurricane Patricia, the strongest storm recorded in the Western Hemisphere, made landfall Friday along a stunning section
Smart Kitty Is The Best Teacher This Dog Could Get. Apparently cats can be quite selfless when they want to be.
Puppy Is Thoroughly Amazed By First Encounter With Rain. A YouTube user recently captured an unusual milestone in her young dog's life when she caught the puppy's first experience
Woman Jumps Off Motorcycle To Rescue Kitty From Oncoming Traffic. \Jesus Christ, come on,\ an impatient voice on a Go-Pro video says over footage of a red light at an intersection.
Dog That Was Buried Alive Gets The Loving Home She Deserves. A dog who was saved from certain death after being found buried alive in an unconscionable act of cruelty is now discovering
Facebook Post Saved This Abandoned Pup's Life. Never underestimate the power of animal lovers working together to help victims of cruelty.
As Underground Fire Smolders Near Radioactive Waste, EPA Dismisses Concerns. But the state attorney general isn't having it
This Baby Orangutan Was Left For Dead In A Cardboard Box. After losing his mother to a poacher, an infant orangutan has been saved from what rescuers are calling \one of the most
Elephant Killings. Something was taken from you, me, and all humanity last week. Africa's largest known elephant was shot in Zimbabwe by a trophy hunter, allegedly a German national.
Ricky Gervais Saves Hundreds Of Emaciated Dogs With His Tweet. While some of the rich and famous use Twitter to promote their latest fashion accessories, comedian and animal lover Ricky
Southern California Finds Itself Waist-Deep In Mud After Thunderstorms. LOS ANGELES (AP) \u2014 A section of Southern California found itself waist-deep in mud as the weekend arrived, and a highway
Dogs Left To Die In Empty House Still Wag Their Tails. The men and women of Guardians of Rescue are used to saving dogs from terrible situations.
The Heated Fight Against Global Warming In The Amazon. There is a heated fight against global warming in the Amazon Rain Forest, where illegal gold mining and logging is causing
There's A Fuzzy Baby Animal Beneath All This Mud. When a wild fox cub decided to explore a construction site in his neighborhood in 2012, he didn't realize that he was putting
Hundreds Of Lives Saved In Largest-Ever Animal Cruelty Bust. Nearly 1,000 animals have so far been saved in what is being called the largest tactical strike on extreme animal cruelty
WATCH. Officials in Russia found a very surprising piece of contraband this week
Rescued Cat Weeps When She Realizes She's Finally Safe. A cat's eyes well up as she lays her head on a metal table. The tears build until a single one begins to roll down her face
Service Dog That Survived Oregon Shooting Grieves Its Owner. The recent devastating school shooting in Oregon killed nine students and left their loves ones grieving \u2014 including one
Watch An Elephant Rush To Her Captor's Rescue. This video shows just how compassionate and intelligent elephants are \u2014 and how much they deserve our respect. This is Thongsri
The Depressing Photo That Saved Nine Starving Dogs. When three emaciated 5-month-old pit bulls huddled around their sleeping mother, a young woman named Janette Gonzalez peered
Abused Dog With Severed Leg Has A Beautiful Heart (Graphic Photo). By the time Kayla was rescued, she'd cruelly had her leg cut off with a knife, and her eye poked out. But even though she
Homeless Dog Makes His Bed While Waiting For A Home. This lonely dog is so desperate to find a forever home, he's willing to do whatever it takes to show just how nice a housemate
Coast Guard Ends Search For Missing Cargo Ship. So far, the body of only one presumed crew member has been found.
Newborn Lions Are Being Stolen From Their Moms \u2014 And Handed Over To Hunters. These baby lions might look cute. But they're living a nightmare.
Severely Abused Dog Saved By Facebook Post. When Barry the dog was discovered in a Hong Kong neighborhood early Saturday morning, she was hovering near death. Bleeding
Search For American Cargo Ship Enters Fifth Day. JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) \u2014 The Coast Guard is beginning its fifth day of searching near the Bahamas for a U.S. cargo ship
If You Love Animals, This Device Will Horrify You. In life, Orville was artist Bart Jansen's pet cat. In death, he was his claim to fame. And now, three years after unveiling
Hundreds Rescued From South Carolina's 'Record' Rainfall. People are being moved from their homes in boats.
Hurricane Joaquin. \The debris is scattered about over several miles.\
This Baby Orangutan's Story Illustrates The Best And The Worst Of Human Nature. One soulful picture captures the painful torture that farming can inflict on orangutans.\u00a0Back in 2010, a mother orangutan
Orphaned Raccoon Lives With Dogs, Thinks She's One Too!. Late last year, a very unusual bundle fell out of a tree in Rosie Kemp's backyard
More Rain And Flooding Forecast Along Soggy East Coast. Unrelenting rain across the East Coast showed little sign of let-up early Saturday, with record-setting precipitation expected
Record-Breaking Rainstorms Pummel Carolinas. CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) \u2014 Rain pummeling parts of the East Coast showed little sign of slackening Saturday, with record-setting
Fate Of Cargo Ship Unknown As Hurricane Joaquin Batters Bahamas. The fate of more than 30 crew aboard a cargo ship missing off the Bahamas in heavy seas whipped up by Hurricane Joaquin was
U.S. Braces For Separate Floods As Joaquin Leaves Bahamas. Hurricane Joaquin regained strength on Saturday as it swirled away from the Bahamas with the fate of a missing cargo ship
Social Media Saved This Little Pup's Life. It can be hard to take anything on social media too seriously these days, but in this case, doing so may have saved a life
Hurricane Joaquin Strengthens To Category 4, Batters Bahamas. The storm is expected to move near or over portions of the central Bahamas overnight.
New International Greenhouse Gas Limits Are Progress, But Don't Go Far Enough. \We're obviously far from where we need to be, but this is a signal that the process can work.\
Dog Abandoned With Heartbreaking Note Finds Someone To Believe In Him. When Joey was abandoned, tied to a pole with a sign around his neck, no one who passed was brave enough to approach him. He
Shelter Dog Heads To New Home \u2014 After Waiting 11 Years. For 11 long years, Olive waited at the Yonkers Animal Shelter for a forever family to arrive.
Hurricane Joaquin Could Hit New York Early Next Week. Oct 1 (Reuters) - Hurricane Joaquin could hit the New York metropolitan area as a tropical storm on Tuesday, potentially
Sunday Night's Supermoon Was Incredible \u2014 But Deadly For These Animals. Sunday's wondrous supermoon \u2014 seen across the world as a remarkable, historical red lunar eclipse \u2014 was actually a deadly
Hurricane Joaquin Expected To Hit Bahamas Tonight. It's been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane.
Hurricane Joaquin Strengthens; Threat To U.S. Mainland Unclear. Sept 30 (Reuters) - Hurricane Joaquin strengthened in the Atlantic on Wednesday and could become a major storm, the U.S. National
Adorable Dog Gets To Pick Her Own Toy For The First Time. There's a first time for everything \u2014 and in Roo's case, it's knowing that she's loved.
This Pig Doing A Happy Dance On The Beach Is Your New Spirit Animal. Shake it, Ziggy.
Man Pulls Up Bricks To Rescue A Pregnant Dog That Was Buried Alive. A pregnant dog who had been buried and left to die beneath the ground was able to make it out alive \u2014 all thanks to a kindhearted
USF Patel College of Global Sustainability Celebrates World Tourism Day On Anna Maria Island. 
Why Does Ebay Allow the Sale of Fur?. 
Starving Dog Is Completely Transformed By Kindness. This starving dog, who had all but given up on the world, underwent an amazing transformation. And it's all thanks to a little
Cat So Scared In Shelter Won't Even Look At You. One heartbreaking picture captures all the fear and sadness that comes with abandonment.
Abused Elephant Weeps As She Begins New Life Without Chains. For the better part of the last 20 years, this noble elephant named Kabu had been\u00a0forced to slave away in chains \u2014 but now
How Exploring Space Led A Top NASA Scientist To Worry About Earth's Climate Change. With all the planets that may support life, why haven't we heard from any?
This Octogenarian Took In Dozens Of Abandoned Dogs And Built Them A Mini-Train. Eugene Bostick may have officially retired about 15 years ago, but in some ways that was when his most impactful work began
Saddening Note Left With Abandoned Kittens. It's hard to imagine how anyone could abandon an adorable litter of kittens in a suitcase on the street \u2014 but that's exactly
Baby Mountain Lion Wounded In Wildfire Fights For His Life. A young mountain lion is fighting for his life after rescuers were lucky enough to find him among the rubble and ruins of
Starving Dogs Completely Transformed By Love. Double the rescue, double the joy \u2014 that was the case for two dogs named Oscar and Emmy, who the Chicago Police Department
At Least 1,400 Homes Destroyed In California Wildfires. The fire was 53 percent contained Sunday.
Baby Gorilla Died In Zoo, And Her Mother Just Can't Let Go. It is a heartrending scene.
Fossil Fuels. In only 200 years or so, we will have burned all fossil fuel on the planet. Coal, oil and gas are a gift to those who own them and as long as they can be sold for more than it costs to get them out the ground there is no economic brake for carbon emissions. We need to solve this problem
Elephants Shot With Arrows Travel To Humans For Help. Last month, a wild elephant and two of his friends were attacked by poachers. Wounded by poisoned arrows, they trudged across
Nobody In Trump's Crowd Believes In Global Warming, Trump Tells Crowd. \You believe, huh?\
Survivor Cat Emerges As Symbol Of Hope Amid California Wildfire. Hundreds of residents, both humans and animals alike, have been affected by a\u00a0massive wildfire which continues to rage across
Smart Zoo Has Its Caging Priorities Right. Finding a way to share the natural world with the world's most probing, curious animals \u2014 human beings \u2014 is complicated. But
What Megablazes Tell Us About The Fiery Future Of Climate Change. Pervasive drought and record temperatures have turned forests from Fresno to Fairbanks into tinderboxes. And it's only getting
Deadly Flash Flooding Rips Through Utah-Arizona Border Town. Eight people are confirmed dead, and another five are missing.
Racehorse Makes His Owners $620,000 Before Dying. After a tiny misstep on a very dangerous race track, a veteran racing horse is dead.
California Gov. Declares State Of Emergency As Wildfires Grow. Thousands have been forced to evacuate.
GRAPHIC. This just in
Terrified Dolphin Throws Himself At Man's Feet To Escape Hunters. Taiji, Japan, is a bloodbath once again \u2014 and a heartbreaking video captures the final moments of the hunt's first victims
Remembering The Bravery Of The 9/11 Rescue Dogs. It's been 14 years since the day the hijacked planes hit the twin towers. As the anniversary of 9/11 approached, people turned
Mother Dog Caught Up In Rope Refuses Give Up On Her Puppy. This mother dog was scared, hurt and alone. But she refused to give up on her only puppy.
Zoo Visitor Sees The Worst And Does The Exact Right Thing. The fastest way to ensure an abused animal's suffering continues is to witness it and do nothing. This is a story of someone
Skeletal Dog Found Tied Up Outside A Church. Odysseus was so severely malnourished when he was found that his story made even the most seasoned rescuers tear up.
The Future Of Polar Bears, In One Photograph. It's all in the photo. Wildlife photographer Kerstin Langenberger recently captured this image of an emaciated polar bear
Former Circus Bear Finally Returns To The Wild. After years of abuse in a traveling circus, Cholita the spectacled bear has returned to the wild on Sunday.
SeaWorld Changes Policy On Whales In Sign It's Bowing To Pressure. In the surest sign yet that SeaWorld may be swaying to public pressure in the wake of \u201cBlackfish,\u201d the marine park publicly
Hundreds Of Unwanted Pets Dumped On 'Dead Dog Beach'. A dog with a broken leg and pellet wound in his neck limps along a beach, helpless, wondering if he will ever be safe again
SpongeBob, BBC Earth Join Forces To Share An Important Message. Video highlights just how critical the oft-overlooked creatures are to the survival of our planet.
Anderson Cooper Mourns The Loss Of His Adorable Dog, Molly. Anderson Cooper's personal style of news reporting has endeared him to countless viewers around the country, but perhaps
Police Officer Caught On Video Hitting And Kicking K-9. A video that shows what appears to be a police officer whipping and kicking his K9 partner has the police scrambling to find
The 'New Normal' In Washington State. \I\u00a0could show you what it looked like before the fire.\ Shane Horton pulls out his tablet in the smoke-filled parking lot
Deaf Dog Took A Bullet For His Owner... And Now He's Homeless. Heroes come in all shapes and sizes \u2014 including canine. A dog named Kiko took a bullet for his owner, lost his home and
Two Guys Go Fishing, Make Catch Of A Lifetime. Two men out enjoying a day of fishing made the catch of a lifetime over the weekend \u2014 one that saved the lives of two unlikely
SeaWorld's 'Day In The Life Of Tilikum' Video Is Super Depressing. SeaWorld thinks you might like to know how famous orca whale Tilikum, star of \Blackfish,\ spends his time nowadays.
A Photo From The Moscow Zoo Vividly Captures Life In Captivity. This is a Sumatran orangutan in the Moscow Zoo. We asked Chris Draper, program manager for captive wild animals at the Born
Tropical Storm Erika Leaves Death And Destruction In Caribbean. As the small Caribbean island counts the dead, its prime minister said \We have, in essence, to rebuild Dominica.\
Our Future Generations Can Teach Us a Thing or Two About Arctic Drilling. Last week, President Obama made a terribly risky decision for the Arctic. His administration cleared the final hurdle that allows for drilling into oil-bearing zones in the Arctic Ocean, approving one of Shell Oil's modified drilling permits for the Chukchi Sea.
Puppy Left To Die In Cardboard Box Fights For Her Life. Rain seeped into the cardboard box where she lay
Firefighters Battle Massive Wildfires, Smoky Conditions In Washington. \Everybody up here is rubbing their eyes, It's brutal.\
Authorities Struggle To Save Dogs Living In Cruel Conditions. The dog's name was Pike. He was 5 years old, tan and weighed only 50 pounds. When an officer from\u00a0Orange County Animal Services
Horses With 3-Foot-Long Hooves Freed From 15-Year-Long Hell. Early last Friday, three horses were found on a private farm by field service officers with the Humane Society of Washington
Bears Run Free After 20 Years In Tiny Cages. Forced to perform tricks and kept in tiny cages, four bears spent years languishing in a roadside zoo in Pennsylvania.
Tropical Storm Erika Heads Toward The Eastern Caribbean. Erika could threaten the East Coast early next week.
This Is Exactly What's Wrong With Raising Baby Animals In Captivity. A tiny jaguar baby was born in March at the San Diego Zoo, and attendees were extremely excited \u2014 perhaps, a little too excited
Lessons from a Mykonian Cat. We came upon a distressing scene on the cascading street steps in front of our little rental house in Mykonos
Cat Who Was Next To Be Slaughtered Learns Miracles Do Exist. She became iconic in an image that horrified cat lovers everywhere.
EPA Knew Of Risk For Toxic Spill. The EPA has been taking heat for its response of the spill that has sent tainted water into multiple states.
National Zoo Giant Panda Gives Birth To 2 Cubs. Stay classy, panda.
Kayaker Has A Surprise Meeting With Wild Orcas. Off the coast of New Zealand this week, a man in a kayak had a close encounter with some of the most majestic and beautiful
Hurricane Danny Strengthens Into Category 3 Storm. Hurricane Danny strengthened to a potentially destructive Category 3 storm on Friday, though it had likely reached its peak
'Skeleton' Tigers Forced To Perform For Entertainment. Thousands of people flooded to the Missouri State Fair this week to get a glimpse of one of the main attractions
California's First Wolf Pack In Nearly A Century Caught On Camera. The first confirmed pack since 1924, when the species went extinct.
'Strange Looking' Pup Finds The Perfect Family. When Lisa first arrived at the Humane Society of Silicon Valley (HSSV) in Milpitas, California, she was, as shelter staff
Abused Donkey Is Rescued In An Unlikely Place. Fernando, a Spanish donkey, knew nothing but work for his first 20 years on Earth. When he injured his foot, the owners who
What Is Killing America's Bees And What Does It Mean For Us?. Pollinators are vanishing, and a silent spring could become a horrifying reality. So why won't the EPA do more?
Tropical Storm Danny Takes Shape In The Atlantic. Danny is expected to become a hurricane by Thursday.
Rescued Baby Elephant Keeps Her Life, But Loses Her Family. A baby elephant who fell into a steep-sided watering hole in Africa was determined not to die.
These Dogs Make It Easier To Testify In Front Of Your Attacker In Court. Everyone deserves to be heard, and these dogs are helping some witnesses find their voice.
The Collared Lion Killer. Calling this a \sport\ may sound like a fun game, but the animals never volunteer to play. I have a hunch the hunted animals would prefer to happily sit on the sidelines and not be tormented and killed.
The Staggering Amounts Americans Pay To Kill Exotic Animals. The killing of Cecil in early July has ignited a global conversation about trophy hunting, American trophy hunters and the
Cold And Snow Predicted By Old Farmers' Almanac. Even places that normally don't see wintry weather are set for cold hit, according to the old secret formula.
Cleaning Up Toxic Yellow Sludge Is Just The Beginning Of EPA's Mine Problems. Treatment would cost millions of dollars, and do nothing to contain the thousands of other toxic streams across the nation.
This Shelter Dog Stopped Eating Because No One Wanted Him. Dozer the pit bull has been waiting at the shelter so long he seems to have given up hope of ever finding a home.
Watch This Adorable Pup's Reaction To Cancer Test Results. When Lily the dog suddenly got very sick in May, the veterinarian diagnosed her with a tumor on her spleen.
Federal Experts. \This definitely has the potential of being the Godzilla El Ni\u00f1o.\
SeaWorld Orcas Have 'Alarming' Number Of Injuries. The stress of captivity is taking a physical toll on SeaWorld's orcas.
EPA Spill Of Toxic Waste Could Be Long-Term Calamity. Toxic elements are spreading downstream, which could pose risks in the future.
Dog Found Buried Alive Defies Abuser By Making Full Recovery. A dog who was rescued after having been buried alive, left to die beneath a mound of dirt and stones, has made a complete
'Dead' Dog On The Road Saved By The Kindest Man Ever. David Loop was on his way to work when he spotted a the lifeless body of a small white dog lying in the middle of a Los Angeles
Wastewater Spill Turns Waters Yellow In New Mexico. Towns were put on alert, and the water could reach Utah soon.
The Killing of Cecil Reopens a Shameful Memory. While I, too, mourn the killing of Cecil the Lion in Zimbabwe, it revives in me an uncomfortable memory. Some 50 years ago, I went on my first (and only) wild-game hunt -- the most stupid thing I've ever done.
Crying Mother Cow Greets Lost Baby In Breathtaking Reunion. When Karma the cow was rescued from terrible conditions at a small farm a few years ago, she should have been happy. But
EPA Accidentally Spills Millions Of Gallons Of Waste, Turning River Orange. Oops. A federal cleanup crew intended to treat the water.
Dog Chained Up For Decade Has Sweetest Reaction To Being Set Free. Rusty didn't seem sweet or playful at all when Jared Piper first met him. He was chained up in a yard in Phoenix, Arizona
Firefighters Make Progress Against 'Monster' California Wildfire. Related on HuffPost:\u00a0 \u00a0 Teams were able to build a buffer between the flames and some of the estimated 6,900 homes it threatens
Gray Wolf Possibly Spotted In California For Only Second Time Since 1924. Prior to 2011 there had been no gray wolves in California since the last one was killed in 1924.
2 Dead After Circus Tent Collapses In New Hampshire. Fifteen people are also injured, authorities say.
Baby Rhino's Looks For Love After Mom Killed By Hunters. This is heartbreaking. A baby rhino named Donnie was seen trying to adopt passing cars as his new mommy after poachers killed
Raging California Wildfires Drive 13,000 From Their Homes. Nearly 3,000 firefighters are battling the Rocky Fire that has burned over 60,000 acres.
Wildfires Rage On Across California. Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency and activated the California National Guard.
Firefighter David Ruhl Killed In California Wildfire. A father of two who volunteered to battle blazes in California, Ruhl was trapped by flames and killed.
Cecil The Lion's Brother Reportedly Shot Dead. In another unfair twist to an already tragic story, Cecil the lion's brother was reportedly shot dead on Saturday. Cecil
Cecil's 'Brother' Jericho Is Alive And Well, Researcher Says. Despite reports, he says the lion was not gunned down -- and appeared to be hanging out with a lioness.
Never Mind Waldo - Where's Walter? The Hunter Is Hunted. How could a brave big game hunter be so afraid to show up and address the media and his critics? Are you trembling at the thought of facing those children leaving toy animals at the doorstep of your dental office?
Dramatic Video Shows Penguin Escaping Her SeaWorld Tank. It's easy to tell when an animal doesn't want to live in a cage. A captive penguin was caught on camera hopping the fence
We Were Arrested For Trying To Stop The Murder Of Hundreds Of Whales. 142 pilot whales were slaughtered last night on the beach at Torshavn, the capital of Denmark's Faroe Islands. 1,100 people
Shark Kills Diver While Daughter Watches In Horror. The two were diving for scallops when the attack happened.
Drought-Ravaged West Erupts In Dangerous Wildfires. Fires threaten homes and tourism in Montana, Washington and California.
Meet The Woman Who Flew Us To Pluto. July 15, people all over the world watched a woman in a cubicle wait for a signal from three billion miles away. In a soft
Glacier National Park Wildfire Forces Evacuations. Hundreds of firefighters were combatting the blaze which is quickly spreading due to \explosive\ potential for growth.
Could These Sea Lions BE Any More Adorable?. Imagine swimming in the ocean when suddenly you're surrounded by creatures from the deep ... snuggly sea lions who just want
California Bridge Passed Inspection Before Collapsing In Flash Flood. The span's rating was a 91.5 out of 100, according to data from the Federal Highway Administration.
Flood Damage To California Bridges Worse Than Suspected. After the collapse, Caltrans inspectors found erosion under two other I-10 bridges.
Barges Collide In Houston Ship Channel, Spill Fuel Into Waterway. Two barges collided early Monday morning\u00a0off the coast of Galveston, Texas, sparking a fire on one vessel and spilling fuel
Grizzly Bear Wants No Part In Filming Reality Show. This just in from the realm of ridiculous
California Freeway Bridge Collapses During Heavy Rains. \Interstate 10 is closed completely and indefinitely.\
Stray Pit Bull Stuck In Tire Is Set Free... And Gets A Sweet Surprise. A stray pit bull mix got some help after getting herself caught in a sticky situation this week.
Desperate Dolphin Mom Seen Helping Her Trapped Baby Breathe. There may be no greater feeling of desperation than that of a mother whose baby needs help that she is incapable of providing
Dolphins Trapped In Tiny, Chlorinated Pool Just Steps From The Ocean. Surfer Craig Brokensha recently filmed two of the four reported dolphins\u00a0lifelessly languishing in the pool at Wake Bali
Photos Show Sad Plight For African Elephants Lifted To China. New, secretly obtained photos show that elephants snatched from the wild in Zimbabwe months ago and airlifted recently to
Starving Dog Found Cowering On Street Is Completely Transformed By Love. A starving dog found quivering and abandoned underwent a stunning transformation \u2014 thanks to a little love.
It's Official. Winter in Boston has officially come to an end
Sharks Found Inside An Active Volcano\u2026 Alive. Welcome to Kavachi, a volcano located in the Southwest Pacific Ocean, in the Solomon Islands. Its first recorded eruption
California Farmer Water Cutbacks Blocked By Judge. State can't ding some farmers who keep taking water, raising questions about wider implications.
Chill Out With This Hypnotic Video Of Flowing 'Waves' Of Grass. Forget watching grass grow. Check out this almost hypnotic\u00a0video of watching grass blow.\u00a0 The mesmerizing footage of the
Flood Leaves 'River Monster' Stranded In Fence. In May, waters around Dallas rose above normal levels. The Trinity River, which runs through the city, had retained so much
Gabon -- The Last Stand For Africa's Forest Elephant?. With a population of just one and a half million people, this peaceful nation has become the focus of an intense conservation battle.
Got Organics? Re-Thinking the Proposed Organic Checkoff Program. \Got Milk\ and \Beef, It's What's for Dinner\ ad campaigns have become part of the American culture, but few realize they are paid for by the USDA Checkoff programs.
One Year Ago, This Elephant Was Weeping In Chains. 
Doubling Down on Shark Conservation as Jaws Turns 40. This Shark Week 2015 -- and on the 40th anniversary of Jaws -- let us reflect upon our growing appreciation for (and willingness to protect) these vulnerable species. Let us then dramatically scale our commitment to reverse the decline of these magnificent species on a global scale.
Global Warming, Greece, and International Violence. Greece is a nation fearful for its survival -- not because of global warming but because of another human-induced tragedy, debt. Indeed, the debt crisis is so severe that, for all intends and purposes, Greece is not thinking of global warming. She should.
A Win for All Atop the Palisades. While this is a great victory -- perhaps the most important environmental settlement in the Hudson Valley over the last decade -- it doesn't mean our work is finished.
The Aesthetics of Environmental Equity. Coal kills, and alternative energy can help save lives. But only if ethics can overcome aesthetics.
Shark Bites Man In North Carolina As He Helps Kids Out Of Water. 
Why Do People Who Abuse Animals Get To Own Them Again?. 
Dear Pope. Black carbon is thus a glowing paradox
Obama Sides With Republican Climate Change Deniers on Trade Deal. If the president truly wants us to #actonclimate, then we should be calling him and our representatives every day and telling them to vote NO on TPP. If TPP is so \progressive\, then why is it being kept secret?
What Dose of Nature Do We Need to Feel Better?. Hunter and her team examined 44 people over 8 weeks. She asked them to go out and immerse themselves in urban natural environments at least 2.5 times per week for a minimum of 10 minutes.
The American Laudato Si. Two religious humans, one the leader of more than a billion Catholics, and the other, a small Kentucky farmer, both recognize that nature and humanity are not mutually exclusive, but mutually dependent.
An Interview with Sara Terry on Effectively Documenting Climate Change. 
Baron Hill Is Running for Senate. Will He Run Clean?. Indiana voters may have a chance to significantly change their state's representation in Congress when they go to the polls next fall to elect a replacement for retiring senator Dan Coats.
'Green News Report' - June 23, 2015. 
This Is What Asthma Feels Like for Marylanders. While the governor drags his heels, Marylanders across the state struggle to survive during bad ozone days.
One Month After the Plains Oil Spill. The Plains Spill is yet another tragic reminder that oil spills happen and will continue to happen as long as we depend on fossil fuels for our energy needs. Until we can move beyond oil, we must do everything we can to ensure safety -- not profit -- remains our number one priority. Our economy and our environment depend on it.
Are Animals Global Citizens?. The issue of whether chimpanzees deserve to be treated as \legal persons\ differs from whether animals should be seen as deserving their own rights to exist a \normal life\ beyond their utility and/or rights to them asserted by humans.
Tackling Climate Change Could Be the 21st Century's Greatest Health Opportunity, Medical Journal Report Says. Swift action on climate -- a fast transition from fossil fuels to clean energy -- will save our country (and the world) so much money on healthcare that the transition would easily pay for itself and then some.
Ulysses and the Hedge Trimmer. Better not to tempt me in the first place. Take the Hummers away. Don't clutter my world with things I should not have. Don't dangle them in front of me, creating desire, only to then try to have me renounce them. Just ban the damn two-cycle hedge trimmer and let me be done with the matter.
Moral and Business. The interesting fact that this pope is using his stature and visibility to raise topics such as individual and collective responsibility for our life on the planet is something worth paying attention to.
The Pope And I (Are Having A Complicated Weekend). The Pope's future is different, but we want to move in the same direction out of this particular dark patch of time. And, although the disagreements concern \philosophical\ questions, they will not have theoretical answers, only historical ones. Time will tell.
32-Year-Old Orca Dead After Nearly A Lifetime In Captivity. 
From The Holy Father To Every Father. Whether Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist, Agnostic or Atheist, we all love our children in equal measure. Whatever our differences, the love for our children is a stronger unifying force than all that divides us.
Crushing the Bloody Ivory Trade. For a brief moment yesterday, Times Square stood still. Even the world's most famous cluster of dazzling super signs, towering over Broadway, could not compete with the simple message that on this day, we all stand for elephants.
On Climate, From The Sublime To The Ridiculous. The resulting spending bill is a dream for the oil and gas industry, the coal companies, and other polluters, but a nightmare for everyone wants clean air, clean water and a healthy climate for future generations.
The Home Aquatic. 
Right Wing Steamed Over Pope's Climate Change Encyclical. Needless to say, some are having a hard time adjusting to Pope Francis, whose critiques of the dehumanizing excesses of modern corporate capitalism have dismayed some right-wing Catholics.
Great Lakes, Amazing Connections. The Great Lakes connect more than 40 million people who live in the region through shared coastlines and drinking water, a trillion-dollar economy, and governmental partnerships.
Global Teamwork Critical for Solving Ivory Crisis. It's not enough to simply ramp up enforcement against elephant poachers. We must attack the illegal ivory trade from all sides of the issue -- supply and demand, online and on the ground.
GOP Candidates Bound to Feel 'Climate Shock' on the  Campaign Trail. Being the next president also means dealing with the grown-ups on the world economic stage by representing the U.S. among the G7 and G20 nations. And these are no forums for dancing around climate issues.
Laudato Si' And Water. The world's water challenges are technical, economic, political, and social issues, but the Vatican Encyclical reminds us that ultimately they are ethical and moral issues as well.
Thinking and Tears. The thought of young mothers discovering poisons in their breast milk froze me in place while tears filled my eyes. The young mothers are not alone. The entire world is worthy of tears.
Carbon Diary of a Reluctant Traveler. Last year I flew 77,000 miles on 30 flights over 9 work trips, releasing an additional 11 tons of CO2. This means that flying for work quadrupled my emissions last year.
Backed by Solid Science, Agriculture Climbs the International Climate Change Agenda. Despite getting explicit mention in the original climate change treaty, agriculture has never been amongst the key issues at subsequent climate negotiations. Quite a surprise considering the headline facts and figures.
Farewell Larsen B. Sometime around 10,000 BC, a prehistoric human smeared ochre paint on a cave wall in a part of northern Spain that would eventually be known as Altamira. The artist painted an image from his environment - a bison - in vibrant burnt orange.
Deciding Our Future -- Internally. Leading up to the 2015 climate talks, the importance of national policies in addressing climate change is beyond vital. We must decide how we contribute to the climate agenda with our national priorities, circumstances and capabilities with referene to the global framework that drives collective action toward a low-carbon, climate-resilient future.
Sunlight-Powered Airplane Is About To Make History. 
How She Does It. Hundreds upon hundreds of synthetic flower petal crowns travel with Gamand on her shelter trips to ensure she finds the right look for each dog.
Top 3 Reasons Why 400 ppm CO2 Is/Is Not the End of the World, or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Air Conditioning. Part 1. Ton after ton of coal shoveled year after year into row upon row of smoking furnaces and hissing boilers, stretching to the crimson horizon, has spawned a sulfurous monster, a sooty golem who now awakens to stalk the earth.
How In-Town Development Produces Less Traffic Than You Might Think. The standard forecasts used throughout the transportation industry do not consider the kinds of walkable, mixed-use environments found often in city neighborhoods. As a result, the forecasts typically overestimate the amount of traffic likely to be associated with much urban development. That's a problem for proponents of urban development alternatives to suburban sprawl.
Blueprint for Saving Cuba's Coral Reefs. Cuban coral reefs -- accounting for nearly a third of the coral reefs in the Caribbean -- do not appear to exhibit the more widespread disease and mortality occurring in other sites of the region.
High Hopes for the High Seas!. Unfortunately, marine debris dumped by faraway lands, as well as some dumped by islands with dwindling amounts of usable land, threatens our livelihoods, our culture and our economies.
Restocking Maine's Salmon Population. By creating this oceanic \sanctuary\ in partnership with the Atlantic Salmon Federation (ASF), NASF has been able to direct its efforts toward improving conditions and increasing the survival rates of salmon present in coastal waters and rivers.
Eye Surgery Lets Abused Dog See His Rescuer For The Very First Time. 
Sustainable Fisheries Have More Economic Benefits. 
How the Inga Dams Are Holding the Congo's Energy Future Hostage. It is time for the World Bank and the DRC government to embrace more feasible solutions and stop holding the Congolese population hostage to their multi-billion dollar dreams.
'Green News Report' -- June 2, 2015. 
Coast Guard Drug Mission Turns Into Heartwarming Sea Turtle Rescue. 
New EIA Report Details Trade Deal Failure to Support the Environment. As EIA's report demonstrates, however, simply including environmental obligations in trade pacts provides no guarantee that environmental protections will improve in reality.
Every Stream Counts. Leading the opposition to the clean water rule are Republican congressional lawmakers and conservative think tanks such as the Federalist Society. In deploring Washington's increased protection of freshwater resources, critics ignore the U.S. Government Accountability Office's recent survey of state water managers.
The Beach Belongs to Everyone. Imagine going to spend a day at the beach with friends or family, looking to recharge your batteries at some of California's most treasured destinations. But before you hit the sand, you encounter razor wire. Or a locked gate. Or an oddly placed boulder.
Zero Deforestation Commitments the First Step Towards Certified Palm Oil. We should cheer the journey that these companies are taking on but we should not lose sight of the destination, which is to see sustainably produced palm oil being used in products we buy.
In the Race to Save the Elephants, will the U.S. or China Step Up First?. This is, so far, the most monumental victory in the fight to save Africa's elephants, and a major push back against greed, status symbols and corruption.
Meatless Monday. Yes, vegan products, like vegan people, are healthy, natural and can compete with what's out there in the conventional but unsustainable marketplace, but let's call them -- and us -- what we are. Vegan.
Greenpeace Helping Expose Illegal, Unethical Fishing off West Africa. Foreign vessels have been plundering the waters of West Africa for decades to stock the fish markets of Europe and Asia. Industrial fishing is depriving West African people of a vital source of protein and pushing thousands of locals into poverty and despair.
One Way to Save the Oceans? Eat More Forage Fish. So how do we stop overfishing, and encourage fish populations to rebound? It's an achievable goal, when tackled with a country-by-country approach.
Louisiana Manages to Meet EPA's Ozone Standard Before an Anticipated Rule Tightening. Last year, the EPA signaled that it will announce a stricter ground-level ozone standard this fall. South Louisiana and other warm, sunny places tend to be high in \bad\ ozone. After a struggle, Baton Rouge and neighboring parishes with refineries and petrochemical plants have managed to comply with EPA's current ozone standard.
Mayim Bialik Wants To See Pictures Of Your Cat. 
Is Enbridge's Pipeline Treaty with Minnesota an Offering From a  Trickster?. Enbridge Corporation is offering a treaty to the people of Minnesota. Like Inktomi, Enbridge offers promises of riches and an easy life. Is this yet another offering from the Trickster?
Fishackathon. 
Lord Stern. If we continue with our reckless burning of fossil fuels, there will be widespread war and conflict this century, warns Lord Nicholas Stern, the distinguished chairman of the Grantham Institute on climate change, whilst speaking before a packed auditorium at the London School of Economics on Wednesday.
The Latest Kitchen Gadget. Imagine my delight when, walking my neighborhood in Santa Cruz, CA, I realized a major success story is blooming right under my nose
WATCH. 
How Indigenous People Are Exploring Many Shades Of REDD. REDD could, in theory, help them address their needs and keep illegal logging at bay, but to earn REDD offsets, they'll have to prove two things.
Check Out Google's New Tool For Monitoring Global Fishing. 
When Art Becomes Poison. 
Meet Possibly the World's Tiniest Orthopedic Surgery Patient. When this baby's rescuer heard the sound of high-pitched screaming, she immediately ran outside to see what was going on.
Shine a Light. Indeed, we could view our era's progress as proof of our improving, better nature. But if we're paying attention with both eyes open, we can also see how the industries that profit from animal exploitation continue to fight advances in animal welfare and law every step of the way.
Wind Energy Jobs On The Rise As U.S. States Chart A Clean Path To Fight Climate Change. With summer fast approaching, the impacts of climate change are hitting home with even greater force. NRDC recently reported that climate change is linked to more pollen and smog, threatening more asthma and allergy attacks across the country.
Wolf In Captivity Killed After Visitors Break Zoo Rules. 
Two Species Assumed To Be Extinct Were Just Rediscovered. 
Voluntary Buyers Spend Nearly $4.5 Billion on Offsets Over Last Decade. The voluntary carbon markets have served as the testing ground for compliance programs all over the world, even moving forward when efforts to implement mandatory cap-and-trade programs stalled. This has led to the voluntary markets having an influence that extends well beyond the nearly 1 billion offsets transacted over the last decade.
Leaving Iowa. In every action I strive to educate and facilitate ways that will tear down the industrial agricultural chemical complex and replace it with a sustainable organic future. I will never leave that Iowa dream.
Only in Congress Is Clean Water Controversial. Ultimately, if we want to fill our glasses with clean water, and if we want our kids to swim, fish, or play safely in our waters, we have to be willing to protect our all nation's waters, large and small, from the Great Lakes to the headwater streams.
The Tanker Has Turned. I am optimistic that we can still get on course for a 2\u00b0C future. It won't be easy, but the discussions last week in Paris provide many reasons to believe this transformation is underway -- and gaining steam.
Same Chevron Shareholder Circus? Look Closer!. The circus of lies, denial and propaganda videos that has become the Chevron annual shareholder meeting took place at Chevron's San Ramon, California headquarters once again yesterday.
How Fossil Fuel Companies Get Paid to Pollute. We are giving companies our money while they are making record profits -- and paying nothing for the harm they do us with their pollution.
Walking the Plank(ton). Make no mistake, loss of familiar species such as elephants and sharks would be a global tragedy, not to mention a blow to the planet's rich biodiversity that nurtures healthy, productive ecosystems. But these well-publicized large species are at the top of the food chain.
This Is The Biggest Step For Clean Water In A Decade. While safeguards for our drinking water have now been signed and sealed, they won't get delivered if polluters and their allies in Congress stand in the way.
Can Your City Commit to 100-Percent Renewable Energy?. Cities around the world are rushing to commit to running on 100-percent renewable energy as soon as possible. It may be a great idea, but can a major metropolis actually achieve the goal? We'll find out by watching Vancouver in British Columbia, where the city council voted in March to go 100-percent renewable by about 2030.
Why Do Cats Come To The Bathroom With You?. 
Mr. Bush, We Have Some Folks You Can Talk to About Climate Change. I found his statement both reassuring and unsettling. It was comforting to see that Mr. Bush acknowledges the climate is changing. Reading between the lines on whether humans are to blame, however, implies that there's little or nothing we can or should do to mitigate the damage.
Another Sea Lion Rescued From Santa Barbara Oil Spill Dies. 
Blood on the Mountain. Unfolding with the plaintive air of an elegy, Blood on the Mountain captures mining companies' blatant disregard for the health and lives of coal miners -- and the mountains they call home -- as a timely reminder of the legacy of an essentially outlaw industry and its 150-year reign in West Virginia.
'Tsunami-Type' Flooding Called Texas' Worst Ever. 
Meatless Monday. Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for us, anyone knows that. Award-winning culinary photographer Paulette Phlipot reminds us they're also the source of \simplicity, joy and fun. How can you not be happy looking at a cherry?\
Shelter Brings Veterans And Puppies Together For Memorial Day. 
Storms Rock Texas, Plains, Midwest And Mexico Border. 
Finding Hope for the Rainforests of Malaysia. I joined the WCS Malaysia team on a trek recently through the rainforest of Endau-Rompin, a state park in the southern part of Johor on Peninsular Malaysia. To get to this remote rainforest, you drive many hours past acre after acre of oil palm, through a forest reserve, and then you are there.
Deadly Flooding Hits Texas, Oklahoma. 
Sea Lion Rescued From Santa Barbara Oil Spill Dies At SeaWorld. 
Big Oil. Last week, the American Petroleum Institute -- the primary lobbying group for the oil and gas industry -- hit a new low in their use of deceptive advertising.
Rescue Efforts Continue For Oil-Soaked Wildlife After California Spill (PHOTOS). 
Climate Change and Rights Talk. I have a duty not to interfere with your freedom of speech for example. Positive rights are duties I have to do things for you -- like a duty to provide you with food. Philosophy is pretty good at generating an account of negative rights.
When You Drill, You Spill. Oil companies and elected officials pledge to protect our coastline with more safety measures, yet promote exposing more of our prized beaches to the risks of oil and gas extraction.
Devastating Photos Show How An Oil Spill Consumed Santa Barbara's Coastline. 
Cleanup Of Oil Spill Along California Beach Could Take Months. 
One of LA's Most Troubled Neighborhoods Envisions a Brighter, Greener Future. The long-neglected Watts neighborhood in South Los Angeles is moving forward with an exciting new revitalization partnership that envisions a transformed \Main Street,\ transit-oriented development, and state-of-the-art \green streets,\ among other features.
Kung-Fu Crane Takes On 3 Tigers... And Wins!. 
The FTC Holds Makers of \Flushable\ Wipes Accountable. Even a magic golden plunger is no match for \flushable\ wet wipes. Plungers long ago gave way to workers wielding pitchforks in the battle against sewers filled with giant, clinging balls of waste known as used wet wipes. And we are paying the price.
10 Reasons to Boot Nestle Water Bottling out of California. 
Mass Die-Off Of Dolphins Directly Linked To Deepwater Horizon Spill. 
America's National Parks. Eventually we will run out of fossil fuel and we'll be operating on solar, wind, wave, and maybe fusion power. Who knows? But there will be an end to oil and gas... and coal. But it isn't the same for our nation's national parks, unless we fail to plan wisely.
The Mouse That Roared. These Dutch men and women (under the auspices of an activist environmental organization that calls itself Urgenda -- as in \urgent agenda\) have sued their government over its ongoing role in the emission of carbon gases and the resulting climate change.
69 Percent Of Americans Are Worried About Circus Animals. 
Climate Change And The True Wealth Of Nature And Prosperity. Species are already being erased and humans are creating their own geological epoch rather than natural forces. Frighteningly, we don't even entirely understand what all of this will mean or ultimately lead to.
Meatless Monday. In her new book, Victoria Moran espouses a diet high in karma, the good kind. That means foods that are plant-based and animal-friendly... and more than vegan ice cream and cupcakes.
Recognizing Our Marine Wildlife on Endangered Species Day. It's a time to reflect on how each of us -- individually and collectively -- can do our part to help reverse human impact on the environment that has resulted in what has been called the earth's sixth great extinction event.
In Battle Over Fracked Propane Gas Exports, David Beats Goliath. On the other, the $6 billion Pembina Pipeline Corporation, the largest pipeline company in the Canadian tar sands, and a plan to build the largest private investment project in Portland, OR, history -- a $500 million propane export terminal.
This Sea Turtle's 3-D Printed Beak Is Cool As Shell. 
Test Driving Porsche Panamera Plugin Hybrid Electric Car. For the person that has the money and wants the Panamera 4S should buy this plugin hybrid technology to boot. It's a great green electrified and luxurious car. It does stand out on the road and you can also feel good about it's MPG and EV modes.
Seattle 'Kayaktivists' Protest Shell's Arctic Drilling Endeavor. 
The New Normal? Renewables, Efficiency, and 'Too Much Electricity'. Just over a decade ago, the state of California faced serious concerns about whether its utilities could generate and/or buy enough power to assure that the world's seventh-largest economy could keep the lights on.
A Strong Beginning Makes Way for Improved Results. Climate change is happening now and it's happening globally--it affects everyone everywhere. However, climate change will not affect everyone equally.
Freeman Dyson Offers Up a Smorgasbord of Climate Change Misconceptions. Not that it will do any good, but I implore Professor Dyson to take a good hard look at the scientific evidence and think again -- especially because his deserved scientific eminence may lead the public to overindulge at his smorgasbord of misconceptions.
From Investment Banker to Farm Investigator. Growing up, I seemed almost earmarked for the financial world, as I was both studious and materialistic. I was a small mass of seriousness--a little librarian--completing my assignments early and happily. But my core longed for more, mentally, materially.
Water Farming. You might not be familiar with the term, but the practice is paying huge dividends in a state that is desperate to protect its abundant natural resources.
Meet Earl, The Panda Lamb. 
A Reason to Be Optimistic. The task before sustainability educators is to take the inspiring energy and enthusiasm of our students and channel it into an effort to develop the conceptual and analytic tools needed to conduct high quality management and policy analyses.
Is the Big-Polluter Agenda the Environmental Platform of the Republican Party?. U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina) asked a good question last month. He wanted to know, \What is the environmental platform of the Republican Party?\ Graham said he doesn't know and suggested that it's time for his party to do some \soul searching.\ He is right to suggest some soul searching, but I'm surprised he doesn't know the party's platform.
Tropical Storm Ana Weakens After Making Landfall. 
Tropical Storm Lumbers Off Coast Of Carolinas. 
Deadly Tornado Hits Texas, Others Touch Down In Colorado. 
Severe Weather Bears Down Across U.S.. 
Dimock, Penn. Lawsuit Trial-Bound as Study Links Fracking to Water Contamination in Neighboring County. A recent peer-reviewed study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences has confirmed what many fracking critics have argued for years
The Pythagorean Paradigm. Pythagoras' life spans most of the sixth century and early fifth century before our common era. He is a one of the greatest Greek thinkers of all time.
Exelon's Nuclear Oops. Exelon's\u00a0ultimate goal:\u00a0Force Pepco's customers, including the people of Washington,\u00a0D.C., to subsidize Exelon's expensive nuclear power plants in other states. D.C. residents have until May 26 to submit comments to the Public Service Commission.
Global CO2 Levels Top Unprecedented Milestone. 
Understanding Virtual Water. As we continue to work toward a fuller understanding of the presence of water, what we may not know so well is called \virtual water\ -- the water that is used to produce almost everything we incorporate into our daily routines but is not listed on the label or calculated into the price.
Pregnant Marisa Miller Goes Nude For PETA To Protest SeaWorld. 
Dog Found Living Inside Tree Trunk Looking For 'Very Patient' Home. 
3 Types of Products That Pollute Our Water. Here are three types of products you should put a little thought into before purchasing, as the wrong varieties can have lasting, harmful effects on our waterways, our environment, and ourselves.
Blue Vision. The dying seas are an economic issue as well as a survival issue, and the corporate leaders of Legal Sea Foods and Taylor Shellfish of Washington will be speaking at the summit about preserving our fish stocks.
You Need Green to Do Green. A gathering of \urban green innovators,\ as they were called, yielded a crop of optimism about the myriad environmental challenges facing New Yorkers in the coming years. \Count the short-term victories,\ and \Keep your eyes on the prize,\ appeared to be some of the main messages from the event.
Dry Times. The more I read about California's drought, the more it feels like an episode of TNT's Dallas reboot. Are the hazards of fracking akin to those of groundwater drilling? One contaminates it and the other depletes it. And in case depletion doesn't scare you enough, now groundwater drilling is collapsing the Central Valley.
WCS at 120. To pursue legislative action to restrict ivory sales in the United States, the 96 Elephants campaign has followed Hornaday's tested movement strategy
California's Drought May Be Ruining Air Quality. 
Brother of Hillary Clinton's Top Campaign Aide Lobbied for Fracked Gas Export Terminal Co-Owned by Qatar. Anthony \Tony\ Podesta began lobbying in late 2013 on behalf of a company co-owned by ExxonMobil and Qatar Petroleum aiming to export liquefied natural gas (LNG) to the global market.
Fracking New York. When Governor Andrew Cuomo decided to ban fracking in New York State in December 2014, New Yorkers thought their worries were over. They were wrong.
Stunning Time-Lapse Video Captures One Of The World's Strangest Landscapes. 
The True Value of Sea Turtles. Some people live wonder-free lives. For those who work with sea turtles, awe can be a daily experience. When we share our work, we make the world better. More sea turtle lovers equal more ocean advocates -- a virtuous, positive feedback loop.
Barbie Quits SeaWorld In Move Hailed As Victory For Animal Welfare. 
Plan Sydney Borrowed from LA to Fight Climate Change. While national governments have struggled to work together to solve the global-climate crisis, mayors are cooperating through organizations like the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) to deliver concrete results.
A Call to Action on Climate for All Candidates for President of the United States. Through rising seas, withering drought, catastrophic storms and other hallmarks of climate change, our world is telling us every way it knows how that it's time to cut the dangerous carbon pollution that's driving the climate crisis. Long before history judges our response, voters will decide which candidate best understands the threat we face.
A New Generation Of Change-Makers. Climate change is no longer a myth or conspiracy, but a cruel reality which we must now face. My generation and future generations will have to live longer with the consequences of current patterns and be subject to their impacts.
7 Ways Transit, Bikes & Walking Move Us to Brighter Future. 
The Ocean's Gentle Giant. 
First U.S. Offshore Wind Project Breaks Ground. Block Island calls itself the \Last Great Place,\ but this small island 12 miles off the coast of Rhode Island is first in the hearts of environmentalists and clean energy advocates across the nation today. Big things are happening just off the shore of that little island.
Youth For Climate. Just like when bombs, chaos and death were so common in Sri Lanka during the civil war, environmental disasters have become so common here. Sadly, after a period of time, these various harbingers of death lose their novelty and we do not have the energy to herald them.
Impoverished Village in Rural India Is Solar-Powered Beacon of Hope. Dharnai, a solar-powered village in India, shows how we can make the renewables boom deliver for all -- including the rural poor. Dharnai is located in Bihar, one of the poorest provinces in India. It did not have access to electricity for 30 years before a solar mini-grid was installed with the support of Greenpeace India in July last year.
How Greensburg, Kansas, Turned Disaster into Opportunity. We need to change the narrative around climate change. Instead of a call-to-arms, we need a doctrine of \mutually assured survival\ -- a doctrine in which all commit to the goal of 100% renewable energy.
Bat Disease Epidemic Still Expanding Throughout North America. For the past decade, an epidemic called White-Nose Syndrome has had severe impacts on bat populations throughout North America. The fungus, Pseudogymnoascus destructans, feeds on soft tissues of bats such as their wings and noses.
Desperate Fossil Fuel Interests Seek to Undermine Clean Energy Choices in Communities of\u00a0Color. Too often, African American voices are excluded from discussions about the critical issues facing our country. Recently the NAACP developed a report that shows how fossil fuels play a significantly harmful role in the health of African Americans and other communities of color.
A Call to Foundations to Step Up Giving, Act on Climate. It's time foundations stepped up their game when it comes to climate. That's the message from two foundations that have invested big in climate
Environmental Disasters Are About Responsible Governance. Good governance means embracing an environmental review process that includes the people and governments who are most affected by proposed projects, rather than one that robs stakeholders of their voices.
The Dark Side of the Sun. When complete, First Solar's California Flats project will generate enough electricity to power Apple's Cupertino headquarters complex, as well as its California stores and data centers. Many have hailed this as a first step toward more widespread commercial adoption of solar power.
5 Ways to Go Green Beyond Giving Up Almond Milk on Earth Day. You've probably heard it all by now. Almondgate, the Devil Eats Marzipan, the 1.1 gallons of water it takes to grow an almond -- which is a lot, but a little misleading when it isn't put into perspective.
Happy Earth Day! And Happy #EarthGratitude Wave!. Since 1970, Earth has had one special day a year when we take a moment and really think about our planet -- through demonstrations, fundraisers, volunteering, river cleanups, and other means of generally bringing our environment front and center.
3 Simple Ways to Help the Environment. The first Earth Day was an inspiration. On that day in 1970, 20 million people turned out to demand the protection and restoration of the earth, air, water, forests, natural lands, and species that support, sustain, and enrich every aspect of our lives.
The New Sponsor of Terrorism. Today, on Earth Day, let's continue to protect ourselves, and ask our politicians to vote for policies that protect us.  Included in that is a campaign to defeat the newest sponsor of terrorism -- climate change.
The 'Ecomodernist Manifesto'. An ambitious document, the \Ecomodernist Manifesto\ makes bold claims about history, philosophy, technology, and economics. Its authors, an eclectic group, are working with foundational myths.
Drought-Resistant? The Future of the California Denim Industry. 
Earth Day. Meatless Monday was a great start, but it's time to flip the paradigm. Eat meat and other animal products only one day a week or better yet not at all.
Earth Day. Today it seems clear that it will not be political leaders or new policies that will save us from environmental destruction though they can help us along, nor will it be a national revolt as envisioned by the religious zealots of our time.
This Country Just Made a Forever-Commitment to the Environment. Project Finance for Permanence is one of the greatest innovations of our time to secure permanent funding for our precious and vulnerable landscapes. It holds governments accountable to their long-term conservation commitments.
NRDC. Under President Obama's Clean Power Plan, we can cut power-plant carbon pollution 26 percent by 2020 and 30 percent by 2030, when compared with 2005 levels. We can do even better than that, but what matters most is that we get started now.
McDonald's Pledges to Eliminate Deforestation From Its Entire Supply Chain. McDonald's just pledged to only buy food and raw materials from around the world that don't contribute to deforestation, a significant contributor to global warming. Given McDonald's reach, that's a potential game-changer.
Wait, Did A Court Just Recognize Chimpanzees As 'Legal Persons'?. 
Resting On The Smallest Wings. \Losing a species is like losing a library full of books,\ said Dr. Dyer to the roomful of young researchers. Each species and its diverse interactions is a Shakespearian play, he continued, and threats ranging from habitat destruction to climate change are destroying a library that, in many cases, has never been read.
Does Green Need a New Color?. Unlike global warming, green began to cool off. It became over-used and over-done. It became politicized, with more extreme views polarizing and blurring the issues. People got tired of false and confusing claims by companies.
Climate-risk Resilience Must Become New Compass for G7 States' Foreign Policy. The G7 Foreign Ministers can take a leading role in avoiding the increased weakening and even total collapse of states and societies threatened by fragility challenges. As evidence demonstrates, one does not need to reinvent the wheel for this.
5 Takeaways From the Latest SDG Negotiations. The SDGs will require huge global monitoring and reporting efforts. This is a pivotal moment for international development; the current negotiations could change the lives of billions of people.
This Was Not a Spill. Five years on, though, what lessons have been learned? Don't trust oil companies to act responsibly? That seems to be the main takeaway for the Obama administration.
Emails. DeSmogBlog has obtained dozens of emails that lend an inside view of how the U.S. State Department secretly handed Enbridge a permit to expand the capacity of its U.S.-Canada border-crossing Alberta Clipper pipeline.
A Congressional Assault on Earth. How are members of Congress celebrating Earth Day this year?  Planting trees? Recycling? Passing legislation that will further protect our air, land, water and wildlife for generations? Guess again.
Earth Day's Soundtrack. 
Why We Have Grave Environmental Concerns About 'Fast-Track' Trade Authority. We must not sacrifice our bedrock environmental, public-health, and climate safeguards as the price of a free-trade agreement. Unfortunately, what we have seen from the two pending trade agreements raises serious concerns that these standards could be weakened through the various provisions of these trade agreements.
The Unfortunate Side-Effect Of Buying From The Internet. Climate change is such a massive issue that thinking about strategies for combating its effects -- or even trying to prevent them -- can be frustrating as well as daunting. Luckily, there is an ever increasing number of people that are hard at work finding solutions for problems that are small-scale and often geographically localized. Think of transport, for example. Now narrow the focus down to a single activity, parcel transport for online purchases.
Deepwater Disaster. Five years after the BP blowout that killed 11 workers and dumped millions of barrels of oil in the Gulf of Mexico, the Obama administration has proposed exposing Atlantic and Arctic waters to the risk of a similar disaster. It's time to turn this ship around -- before it's too late.
Earth Day Is Nearly Here, But Our Planet Is Worth Caring About Every Day. 
7 Risks That Are Making Climate Change Into One of the Biggest Security Threats of the 21st Century. Climate change is advancing. Its effects can be felt already today and will increase significantly in the coming decades even if the global community sets ambitious targets for reducing emissions at the end-of-year climate change negotiations in Paris.
Climate Action Is Our Business Too. In order for scientists to continue to develop these non-fossil based alternatives and for business to scale these solutions, we need the right economic incentives. Now, with relatively low oil prices, is an excellent time to introduce a carbon price system.
Let's Not Take Our Foot Off the Pedal Now. Earlier last week, the Obama administration unveiled a blueprint for cutting greenhouse gas emissions in the United States by up to 28 percent over the next decade and submitted the formal statement to the to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
5 Years After. The Obama administration has now launched new offshore oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico and the Arctic and Atlantic oceans. Rather than heed the warnings of Deepwater Horizon, the administration seems determined to double-down on dangerous offshore drilling.
Why We Bond With Our Dogs Like Babies. 
Angry Gorilla Scares The Heck Out Of Zoo Visitors. 
Despite Hoopla, Court Challenge to Clean Power Plan Likely to Fail. The much ballyhooed legal challenge to the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed Clean Power Plan, brought by coal companies and conservative state attorneys-general, ran out of steam Thursday in the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington.
Why We Need to Change How We Talk About Climate Change. Presenting climate change and its causes as the consensus that it is, and not the debate that it has become, would both inform public beliefs on climate change, and force politicians to act.
Toxic Smoke Forces Firefighter To Retire, But He's Not Done Protecting Others. 
Nature's Salvation. With humanity rapidly depleting earth's natural resources, the challenge to reverse the trend is daunting. Enter biomimicry, a promising strategy for turning the tide.
'Clean Coal' Pumps Up 'Green Oil'. It is not possible to support the use of fossil fuels and the climate simultaneously. True climate leaders have no option but to tackle head-on the damaging economic entrenchment of the coal, oil and gas industry.
The Orphaned Elephants in Gorongosa. The mass killings of elephants during the war disrupted elephant societies, leaving the orphans and traumatized survivors aggressively weary of the presence of humans. The park, with the assistance of Dr. Joyce Poole and her brother, cameraman Bob Poole, are building a mutually beneficial relationship with the elephants of the park.
Fisherman Finds a Way to Help Sea Animals Avoid Needless Death On Hooks. Palmer never grew out of his curiosity about how things work -- or how they could be improved. So one night off the Florida coast in 2001, as the commercial fisherman patiently waited for swordfish to bite, he started thinking.
Southeast Alaska Business Says It Will Begin Exporting Water in Bulk to Parched California This Summer. Decades ago, Gov. Wally Hickel was ridiculed for his idea of an ocean pipeline carrying fresh Alaska water to parched California. Now entrepreneurs are hoping that they can make good on his general concept by selling clear water from Southeast Alaska's rainforest to users in the dry south.
How to Train Your Coral. 
Meatless Monday. Seven thousand people pledged to go meatless for US Veg Week in 2014, and armed with the support of Raskin, Carter, Esther and others, Meier's hoping to make that number closer to 10,000 this year.
Say Hello to Spring with 35 Beautiful Photos of Cherry Blossoms from Around the World. 
Harvard Students and Alumni Launch Weeklong Sit-in for Fossil Fuel Divestment. Just a few hours into the protest, students, alumni, faculty and activists have made their point
CREDO Launches National Drive to End Cancer-Linked Mountaintop Removal Mining. Let's be real
The Moms of Tuna, Toast and Finn Tell Us What National Pet Day Means to Them. 
Connecting to Sacha Inchi and Beyond. In the heart of the Peruvian Amazon, indigenous people are harvesting sacha inchi -- as they have been for 3,000 years. And on screens around the world, Dr. Oz, among others, touts the nut-like seed for its high nutritional value and delicious flavor. It's fast becoming a grocery store favorite
Climate Change and the Courts. Here's the important point
Angry Birds. Franzen's essay deserved a more considered and respectful response. The issues he raised are complicated and important. They deserve our careful reflection, not hit pieces from angry content editors on the web sites of prominent environmental organizations.
Former Gal\u00e1pagos Park Director Says His Ouster Was \Political\. In his note, Izurieta urged his supporters to carry on without him
Massive Tornado Hits Northern Illinois. 
Life on the Lake. 
Commonwealth Club and Chevron CEO Shamed into Silence. Following close to 5000 emails and a letter from over 40 environmental and human rights NGOs, a spirited group of activists disrupted the San Francisco Commonwealth Club's annual gala last week.
These People Are Doing Something About California's Awful Drought. 
Mitch McConnell's Weak Hand. Members of Congress used to respect the president's constitutional role to speak for our country with one voice in foreign affairs. But, like the recent letter from 47 Republican Senators to the Iranian mullahs, McConnell's \just say no\ message to foreign leaders shows that those days are gone.
Would Going Vegetarian Actually Help California Battle The Drought?. 
BNSF Challenges Lawsuit From Engineer Who Ran For His Life From Exploding Oil \Bomb Train\. Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF) has responded defensively to the oil-by-rail lawsuit filed by former BNSF locomotive engineer Bryan Thompson, a case recently reported on by DeSmogBlog.
Great Headlines About Organic From Around the World. Lately, there's been a spate of good news about organic agriculture. The movement is growing and gaining speed quickly. The power of the people is working!
Doubling Down With Bloomberg Philanthropies to Replace Coal With Clean Energy. With this new support of $30 million over three years, we plan to double down on our past success and secure replacement of half the nation's coal plants with clean energy by 2017.
New Poll Shows America Is Realizing The Truth. 
SeaWorld's New Ad Is Completely Full Of It. 
Landmark Dutch Lawsuit Puts Governments Around the World on Notice. An increasing number of legal experts around the world have come to believe that the lack of government action to prevent dangerous climate change represents a gross violation of the rights of those who will suffer the consequences. These arguments are at the core of the Dutch lawsuit and will undoubtedly be put to the test in other countries before too long.
Jon Stewart. 
Nature's Trust (Part 1). We need a new idea and system of law that will enable an alternative to collapse or chaos. As an advocate for the ocean and the global water cycle as that idea, I have been unable to establish the principle and precedent on which such a system of law might be based -- until now.
Dear Humans, Industry, Not Your Activities, Is Causing Climate Change. Scientists and climate policy wonks usually say global warming is caused by \human activities.\ This shorthand obscures an important point
'Puppies Are Dicks' Hilariously Makes The Case That Old Dogs Rule. 
Believe It or Not, Seattle Just Got Even Crunchier. Long considered one of the greenest places in America, The Emerald City recently ramped up its commitment to a clean environment by introducing a new bike share program.
Bee Attack Sends 3 To The Hospital. 
California's Brutal Drought Could Change The State Forever. 
This City Could Become The Next Detroit. 
California Drought Tests History Of Endless Growth. 
Disclosure Fail. A March 24 hearing prior to the passage of a controversial bill out of committee that preempts cities in Texas from regulating hydraulic fracturing (\fracking\) for oil and gas obtained from shale basins, featured numerous witnesses who failed to disclose their industry ties, including some with ties to the Koch brothers.
Adorable Otter Pup Takes A Break To Learn How To Otter. 
It's Time to Take Arctic Drilling Off the Table. Earlier this week, the U.S. Department of the Interior swung the door wide open to drilling in the remote waters of the iconic Arctic Ocean when it announced that it was reaffirming controversial Bush-era leases for the Chukchi Sea - a lease sale referred to as Lease Sale 193.
The Easter Bunny Could Soon Bring Safer Candy With Natural Food Colors. 
California Leads the Way Forward, Again. While many members of Congress remain wary of the costs of reducing climate change pollution, they need look no further than the largest state economy in our nation for a perfect example of how to take action.
'Alien-Like Creature' From Tragic Viral Video Rescued. 
On a 35th Anniversary, Revisiting Why We Trusted the 'Most Trusted Man in America' (VIDEO). On April 3, 1980, Walter Cronkite, the so-called \most trusted man in America,\ spent a few minutes of the CBS Evening News exploring the implications of coal burning and its carbon dioxide emissions for global warming.
Climate Change. Last year we got a preview, when the Rockefeller family stunned the media and markets by announcing it will sell all its investments in coal and tar sands.
Photographer Sees Waves The Way You've NEVER Seen Them. 
Pet Food Brands Woo New Consumers With Disruptive Marketing. As a consumer overwhelmed by the profusion of brands, it's increasingly more confusing and difficult to know what's right for your little Balthazar or Zorro. In the past we relied on our gut.
Here's Yet Another Reason We Need To Address Climate Change. 
Pacha Pajamas Cartoon Makes Green Moves Across the Globe. As a parent of two, I have watched many cartoons in my life. From Spongebob Squarepants to Blue Clues to Dora the Explorer. Yet not many cartoons (excluding the recycling symbol) seem to effectively convey the needs of the environment.
Goodbye to Two of Our First Green Female Champs in the Senate. Today is the last day of women's history month. This year, two fantastic women senators will mark the ends of their historic Senate careers. Senators Barbara Boxer and Barbara Mikulski have served a collective 70 years in Congress. In those decades, they've established themselves as strong environmental champions.
New U.S. Climate Target Is Achievable and Sends an Important Signal to the World. When the U.S. is willing to step forward domestically, it can have a catalyzing impact in other countries. This is evident in the new commitment from China to peak its emissions -- a commitment no one thought was possible just a few short years back. This commitment occurred only after the U.S. showed that it was taking strong domestic action.
Water, Water Everywhere, but Not a Drop to Drink. Why and how did my water source run dry? What could I do about it? Would I too need to import water? Melt snow? Go without? Move away? Like S\u00e3o Paulo, I considered myself \water-rich\ with a seemingly inexhaustible supply. Suddenly, it was not so. What to do?
'Green News Report' - March 31, 2015. 
U. S. Army Corps of Engineers to Kill Thousands of Cormorants. Despite experts agreeing that killing the cormorants is wrong and won't work, it turns out that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is planning to kill nearly 11,000 cormorants and destroy more than 26,000 of their nests to try to reduce cormorant numbers by more than half.
Fossil Fuel Divestment. Over time, we can expect institutions that divest from fossil fuels to face additional pressure, not less pressure, to reduce their electricity consumption from fossil fuels, and to direct their research efforts toward non-fossil energy sources.
Detroiters Need an Income-Based Approach to Water Bills. To save lives, and to begin to satisfy the city's dire water infrastructure needs, Detroit needs to expand the current assistance programs and enact the Water Affordability Plan (WAP) approved by the City Council in 2006.
These Volunteer Toad Crossing Guards Have The Best Roles Ever. 
Earth Hour Is Nearly Upon Us, But Why Should We Care?. 
WATCH. 
Thoughts on John Donne and Harvard Divestment. The Harvard position, examined through the lens of John Donne's insight, is indefensible.  It is Janus-faced and cynically hypocritical. The University accepts the science of climate change and the catastrophes that scientists (including Harvard scholars) foresee if radical changes in energy usage are not made.
Ex-SeaWorld Trainer Reveals 'Stupid' Company Lie To Jon Stewart. 
The Pebble Partnership and the Demeaning of Independence. Pebble and its Beltway-based CEO announced this week the hiring of two Washington, D.C. consulting firms to \conduct an independent review\ of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (\EPA\) work on the proposed mine.
Some Republicans Step Back From GOP Climate Change Wrecking Ball. Senate Republican leaders had been eyeing a raft of votes into the wee hours Friday as a chance to put a spike in the heart of President Obama's plan to confront the dangers of climate change.
Dammed, Displaced and Forgotten. It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that for the World Bank and other financiers, poor people who stand in the way of their projects literally don't count. Time and again, the World Bank has demonstrated that it is not able to resettle people fairly. It should stop displacing people involuntarily in its projects.
8 Essential Steps to Bringing a New Dog into the Home. In order to have a well-balanced dog, we have to teach her the house rules, and set boundaries and limitations from the get-go. The message you send your dog the moment she enters your home for the first time is critical, because it immediately establishes the ground rules in your dog's mind.
Celebrate March Madness By Turning The Lights Off. Those negotiations are important, but the games really begin next week. March 31st is the first checkpoint when several countries, including the United States, will announce new targets to reduce climate pollution and other commitments to support climate action.
Going Grey. With more water regulations on the horizon, Californians  have to learn to live with less water and start figuring out ways to conserve  now.
In Brazil, Water Is Power. In spite of these efforts, there is one resource that Brazil is ignoring
Photos Of Unrecognizable Bear Reveal Horrors Of Exotic Pet Trade. 
Leaders Tell Obama. Late last week, hundreds of organizations and people sent a letter to President Obama warning that his administration is running of time to act on an issue long-identified by the president as essential to our national security and public safety
Healthy Forests Mean a Healthy Future for All of Us. Forests benefit the world, and each of us, every day in countless ways that are all too easy to overlook. On this year's International Day of Forests, let's make a promise to do more to ensure healthy, productive forests for future generations.
The Rebirth of Environmental Change. While others ignore these threats, I am taking a stand. I hope not to solve all the wrongdoings of humans, but to help inform and educate teens of the madness that is looming. Our next generation of adults must pay attention to what is happening to our natural surroundings.
WHO. 
Got Gravity? Get Clean Water. From massive desalination plants that turn saltwater into tap water, to carbon nanotubes that suck moisture out of the air, to a machine that burns human waste at 1,000 degrees Celsius to produce water and electricity, there's no shortage of high-tech solutions to address the world's water problems.
The Secret Ingredient for a Great Cup of Coffee. 
GMO Science Deniers. Perhaps no group of science deniers has been more ridiculed than those who deny the science of evolution. What you may not know is that Monsanto and our United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) are among them.
The Empty Calories of Fossil Fuels. 
Undercover Photos Show The Plight Of Zimbabwe's Captured Baby Elephants. Zimbabwe's plan to send the young elephants overseas has drawn criticism from many wildlife conservationists. They see the government's plan as a cynical and cruel move against an animal that is being slaughtered at alarming rates for its ivory, especially to satisfy demand in China.
Thawing Permafrost Threatens Alaska's Ecosystem, University of Alaska Fairbanks Researcher Says. Climate change stands to trigger a regime change in Alaska, with far-reaching consequences as frozen ground thaws beneath us, a prominent University of Alaska Fairbanks scientist told the Tanana Chiefs Conference on Tuesday. \When you thaw the permafrost, everything falls apart,\ said hydrologist Larry Hinzman.
Utilities' Anti-Solar Campaign and Misinformation Debunked. Utilities make their money by building big, new infrastructure projects and then sending ratepayers the bill. This is exactly why utilities want to eliminate policies that encourage homeowners and businesses to go solar.
Climate-Change Deniers Can't Be Fiscal Hawks. What is oddest about opposition to action to address climate change is the implications for another priority of the Republican party
9,000 Animals Rescued From 'Worst Torture Operation' In The U.S.. 
Is This a Blip or a Tip in Humanity's Onslaught on the Climate?. For the first time in 40 years, global carbon dioxide emissions from the energy sector did not increase. During 2014, the global economy grew by 3 percent but emissions remained at 2013 levels.
Energy Efficiency and Renewables. Every state generates electricity from a unique mix of resources, which is why the EPA designed so much flexibility into the Clean Power Plan. Each state has the opportunity to craft its own approach to cut carbon pollution. And the best methods by far when it comes to reducing pollution, protecting health, and creating jobs come from renewable energy and energy efficiency.
The Dark Humor of Climate Denial. Refusing to acknowledge that our planet is heating up and pretending not to understand the science doesn't stop it from happening. Every day our lawmakers waste by censoring climate change and throwing snowballs in the Senate will have consequences for our children and future generations to come. It's time to face the facts.
Winston Churchill. Five months ago, the stars were looking aligned for this year's climate summit in Paris. The US and China, the world's largest carbon polluters, had just signed a historic action plan to curb their emissions.
Ferret Camp. 
Conscious Decoupling. This divorce between emissions and economy is one of the most promising developments imaginable. For too long conventional wisdom decreed that the only way to reduce emissions would be to reduce economic development, but 2014 data shows that may no longer to be true.
The Great Vanishing. Scientists believe that this round of mass extinction is accelerating, and one way or another, it all traces back to us, whether thanks to the way we are changing the planet's atmosphere or to what Kolbert terms a human-induced, often disastrous \intercontinental reshuffling of species.\
Are Veterinarians Your Dog (and Your) Best Friends?. We pet owners are the ones who hear the diagnosis. The patient cannot speak, has no language to tell us about pain or recurring symptoms (apart from That Look). We are thus doubly vulnerable -- we have to believe what we're told because there is no recourse.
Ridley's Wall Street Journal Op-Ed Fixates on the Past and Ignores the Present to Try and Predict the Future. Ridley's assertion that because fossil fuels provided the energy for development in the past means they should keep investing in fossil fuel infrastructure is like saying that developing countries should build punch-card computers for their technological needs.
Industry-Supported Chemical Bill Straight From 'Merchants Of Doubt' Playbook. 
Flying Wind Turbine Delivers Power to Remote Areas. Altaeros Energies' Buoyant Airborne Turbine (BAT) is designed to go where no wind turbine has gone before
Shell and High Water. There is still time to affirm that we do have better ways to create good jobs and shared, sustainable prosperity.... that our community is in many ways defined by that better way.
Why We Celebrate Rivers. Please take a moment to think about what you can do to protect the arteries of our planet. We can all avoid products that waste and pollute valuable water. We can educate our children about a way of life that respects the ecosystems of our planet.
Mountaintop Removal On the Ropes. A reinvigorated \People's Foot\ movement to end mountaintop removal is ramping up its efforts next week, as the last vestiges of outside support begin to abandon the nation's most egregious strip mining operations in central Appalachia.
Detroit-Area Residents Demand Clean Air. For decades, the residents of River Rouge and surrounding communities have been living with severe air pollution from nearby coal plants, and together, they came out in force to pack a public hearing and call on the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality to put a plan in place that will finally clean up this pollution and correct a longstanding environmental injustice.
The Climate Post. One of the world's top emitters, the EU intends to reduce its emissions 40 percent (relative to 1990 levels) by 2030. This commitment is in addition to 2050 emissions reduction targets that a recent report published by the European Environment Agency claims may prove difficult to reach.
Dog Sledding, Minnesota Style. There's a very special sport you can participate in that will help you enjoy a rough winter
What the Netherlands Can Teach Us About Riding Bikes, Sustainable Development & Green Economy. Biking in Amsterdam for a weekend can open your eyes and mind to re-think of renewable sources of energy, an economic sustained growth, and a green and less polluted environment.
The Love of a Dog Helps Us Find Balance in Life. You need more than intelligence to create a connection with Mother Nature. Many of us have lost that connection and it is reflected in our animals. Dogs are our mirror and when they're not following us it's because we're not balanced.
Nature's Do-Gooders. Last week I assembled a group of nature \do-gooders\ at the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center in Annapolis MD. And I asked them what difference their well-intended actions really make.
Walmart Puts Green Label on Products it Doesn't Even Claim Are Green. Walmart's new green labels are more of the same -- a way to keep the public conversation about the company's impact confined within its own narrow terms, all the while obscuring the deep problems at the heart of Walmart's business model.
Dolphin Is Second Animal To Die At SeaWorld In 2 Weeks. 
Fukushima. On March 11 let's take time to honor those who are suffering from the effects of the Fukushima disaster. Let us honor them by coming together as one people to address water issues globally.
Top of the Food Chain. The fact that men, almost without exception, led the environmental movement came somewhat as a surprise to me. I had formed the false assumption that conservation work was one area that naturally offered more equitable women leadership. \nIt still doesn't.
Endangered Seal Crashes Late Night Manta Ray Party. 
Taking Climate Action for, and With, Women. Women are the primary victims of climate change, for it is poor communities who suffer the worst of its impacts, and women make up 70 percent of those in poverty throughout the world. As a result, they are, and will continue to be, the most heavily affected. But as the primary victims of climate change, women are also often the main source of solutions.
So When Is Daylight Saving Time Again?. 
The Art of Slow Moving. 
Reverend Compares Michigan City's Drinking Water Issues To The Holocaust. 
A Lifeline for Disappearing Cod. Cod were once so abundant in the Gulf of Maine that they propped up many of New England's coastal economies. Those financial boons, though, came with a heavy price.
Flooding Google. Google is a forward-looking company. But are they looking forward to, and planning for, the now-unavoidable impacts of climate change as they design new multi-billion dollar infrastructure investments? Are the rest of us?
Far Flung, But Never Far Afield. Fixing our rivers requires that we reintroduce complexity and function through restoration -- effectively reshaping the relationship between the economy and the environment.
Helmeted Hornbills on the Verge of Extinction. Many of these are expected to come from Southeast Asian countries where the rush to achieve developed nation status has dealt a heavy hand to nature.
Iowa GOP Lawmaker. Everyday Iowa voters are less likely to caucus for former Texas governor and potential presidential candidate Rick Perry \because of his involvement\ with a controversial oil pipeline proposal, according to an influential state lawmaker who has made eminent domain one of his signature issues in the Iowa House of Representatives.
Divers Dance With Bizarre-Looking Mass In The Philippines (UPDATED). 
Myth. If you made a training mistake and your dog is engaging in unwanted or dangerous behavior, by all means interrupt it!
'Green News Report' -- March 3, 2015. 
Transforming Deserts Into Farmland. While the Sahara Forest Project may not achieve results like that for years--if ever--the test site is proving the concept today, and it's worth watching the project to see whether the technologies--and the economics--work out in the long run.
This Plantable Coffee Cup May Change The Way You See Waste. 
The Shameful Truth Behind America's Use Of Leghold Traps. 
Saola. The author of this dramatic report is William deBuys, a prolific and important American writer. His latest of eight books, The Last Unicorn is an epitaph to the dying natural world in Laos. He tells his story by throwing light on a rare mammal known as the saola.
'If Nature Was My Savior, Then Photography Was My Soulmate'. 
Should Kids Play With Their Food? Of Course!. There are so many ways that we can support our kids on their paths to become healthy eaters and sustainable food advocates, but I've found the more fun we're having, the better it is for all of us.
Our Clean Energy Moment Is Now. Not only should we seek to achieve energy equity for all consumers, we also need to support diversity and inclusion efforts, and ensure that this is a priority for today's emerging, clean energy sector.
Cinematographer Chases The Sun, Catches All Its Glory. 
Why SeaWorld Can't and Shouldn't Float. The panelists were told that, unlike all of the other sessions at the conference, the captivity panel wasn't going to be recorded.
What Are INDCs and Why Will You Be Talking About Them This Year?. The move to include natural carbon-sinks of forests and wet-lands into land-use reductions has been the main target for criticism.
Climate Academic Probed by Congress Falsely Charges Colleagues With Conflict of Interest. Professor Roger J. Pielke, Jr. recently compared many widely-published energy and climate experts with Dr. Wei-Hock Soon, the subject of recent media attention for failing to follow conflict of interest (COI) rules at some scientific journals. There is no comparison whatsoever, and we ask Dr. Pielke to retract his accusations and apologize.
Spring Tide. 
World Wildlife Day. In celebration of World Wildlife Day, let us remember that wild animals have made us who we are. They are essential to our foundation, to our very existence. Wild animals keep our world alive. Without them, there is no us.
Why a Cutback in Oil Production Is Sorely Needed. How deep is the hole the oil industry is currently stuck inside? To figure that out, you only need to look as far back as last week, which saw another two trainloads full of oil derail and storage numbers that put U.S. crude stocks at record highs
Chris Christie Backed Law That Lets Him Divert ExxonMobil Settlement From Environmental Cleanup. 
The GOP's Big Chance to Prove Itself. It would be shocking in a good way if Republicans took meaningful action in the next 10 months to reign in the nation's carbon emissions. And they could do the turnaround without compromising their core values. Quite the opposite
We Live With Forest Fires. Even though this was a big one, it pales in comparison to the fire in Northwest Oregon in 1933, where fishing and timber are inseparable. Both resources must be nurtured, harvested, managed and passed on.
This Dog Is Best Friends With A Rat. 
Save the Date. This coming Earth Day, let's celebrate with an Earth Gratitude Wave. It will be a time for you to consciously express your gratitude for the earth.
How One Community Is Kicking The Koch Brothers' Harmful Black Dust Out Of Their Neighborhood. 
On the Trail of the Whales. Our trip began gloriously. The whales in Mexico behaved as though they'd been waiting for us to arrive before starting their journey. They blew bubbles, bumped our boat, and poked up their noses within kissing distance.
Climate Oscillations and the Global Warming Faux Pause. No, climate change is not experiencing a hiatus. No, there is not currently a \pause\ in global warming. Despite widespread such claims in contrarian circles, human-caused warming of the globe proceeds unabated.
LOOK. 
A True Phenomenon Unfolding at Bellahummingbird.com. 
Go the Distance! Hiking With Your Dog. Learn about your dog's limits physically, take the heat into consideration, and have a time limit for your hike. If their tongue is hanging out of their mouth more than half way, it's a sign to stop and take a rest.
This Pit Bull And Tortoise Are Here To Remind You That BFFs Come In All Shapes And Sizes. 
This Undersea World Will Stop You In Your Tracks. ...meanwhile... from Sandro Bocci on Vimeo. Do we really know what lurks in the deep? A new short film showcases some of
Amplifyd.com Challenges Starbucks and Peet's Coffee to Use Organic Milk. Scott Blankenship, founder and CEO of www.amplifydpledges.com, a social activism startup based in Berkeley, California, is concerned about the health risks and antibiotic-laden milk.
Meatless Monday. 
Green Light in the Southern Appalachians. The movement to divest from fossil fuels has become the fastest divestment campaign in history. To date, over 180 institutions and cities have committed to divest, and about $50 billion has already been divested.
Climate Questions From Smart Young Students. One of the perks of my job is answering emails from high school and junior high students doing their first research projects on climate change science, policy, and politics.
Top Climate Change Doubter Didn't Mention That Oil Companies Were Paying Him. 
Let's Talk About Solar Power and Equity. We need an informed dialogue about how local solar power (large-scale and rooftop) can impact low-income communities and communities of color in the U.S. We need to talk about \all the good things, and the bad things, that may be.\
Fracking Foes Accuse Industry Of Manipulating Science. 
WATCH. 
Lincoln, Food, and the Freedom to Know. The fish and seafood business is tough. The practices and the general attitudes of many in our commercial seafood sector make it tougher than it needs to be.
Watch This Cat Take On A Snowbank... And WIN. 
Ocean Acidification Now Watchable In Real Time. This story\u00a0originally appeared on Climate Central. \u00a0 The depressing task of monitoring ocean acidification just got a little
Why I Chose to Avoid Non-Stick Cookware. So if you've been inspired like I was to stay away from non-stick coated cookware (and bakeware), here are some great PTFE-free alternatives to help you choose the best cookware for your home:
Slaughtering Wolves in Canada. Let's hope that the killing of more wolves is not forthcoming. It is disheartening that there already are plans to kill more wolves supposedly to try to save caribou, and many are deeply concerned and working to stop this unnecessary slaughter.
EIA. From the '80s poaching crisis to the current poaching crisis, some of the players have changed, new markets have emerged, but there are many lessons from the past that we can learn from.  And we must. Because if we do not take the lessons of the past, we are doomed to repeat.
Birds Tell an Urgent Climate Change Message. I learned that the Baltimore Oriole may no longer be in Maryland by the end of the century and that coastal species, like the sandpiper, were imperiled by rising sea levels.
How the CSA Model Supports A Farm. It's having a farm to call your own, a farmer to learn from and a place to go if you want to get into the dirt. It transforms the way you think about a rain on a summer's day - it's good for the crops.
Geoengineering and the Fight Against Climate Change. Unsurprisingly, there are a number of uncertainties and undesirable side-effects with this plan and some oppose even studying geoengineering. To date, there has been no major publicly funded research program in geoengineering.
Future of Power 2. The U.S. electricity sector will be unrecognizable in 20 years. How-- and how-- fast it changes will be a big factor in how large a price the world pay for having disrupted climate equilibrium - but it is not the climate threat that will drive the changes.
Feeling the Love All Year Long. Valentine's Day may have passed, but my kids' haul of chocolate is still lingering. As I attempt to avoid eating just one more piece, I can't help but think about all the love for climate action we felt over the weekend.
Planning With Water (Part 1). The World Economic Forum is meeting this month in Davos, Switzerland. In advance of the meeting, a survey was conducted among some 900 leaders in business, politics, and civic life that concluded that the most important global risk faced today is the world water crisis.
Climate Change This Week. Not enough is known to predict why the high pressure system occasionally allows an atmospheric river to sneak in and water California, though reports Andres Thompson at Climate Central. The latest river is far from significantly easing California drought.
How To Navigate The Climate Change \Culture Clash\. If both sides in this culture clash focus less on people who drive them nuts, and more on goals we share, we could probably make progress more quickly.
Why Divest Harvard Is Sitting-in Outside Harvard President Faust's Office. Today, over 35 Harvard students are sitting in at Massachusetts Hall, outside President Drew Faust's office, to demand full divestment from the fossil fuel industry. We sit in because Harvard has a responsibility to do everything in its power to address the climate crisis.
Shell CEO. 
It's (Way Past) Time to End Greyhound Racing in America. It's always appalling to see animals abused and betrayed for profit, especially when the activity is legal and defended as a \sport.\ That's the reality of greyhound racing, but the reasons this detestable industry still exists defy not just our humane values, but common sense as well.
The Climate Post. With both global Earth surface and global sea surface temperatures reaching record levels in 2014, pressure to reach a final climate accord is intense.
For Want of a Nail. Years ago, while driving in Florida, I was pulled over by a state trooper on my way from Sarasota to Tampa to teach a class. Unbeknownst to me, my car had a broken taillight. The trooper asked for my license, which, it turns out, I accidentally left on my dresser.
The Murky and Troubling Maze Behind Adani's Australian Coal Projects. Australia's largest ever coal project, Adani's proposed Carmichael coal mine in Queensland's Galilee Basin, has been found to have a murky and troubling maze of corporate arrangements spread across known tax havens.
This Movie Is An Important Reminder That Not Every Environmental Story Is Bad News. 
NASA's Latest Robot Is Exploring Earth's Volcanoes. 
It's Time to Fix the Climate -- Why Do We Delay?. When citizens see that their representatives work for special interests instead of the public good, their confidence in government erodes. They stop telling their representatives what to do, which only makes it easier for their representatives to work for special interests.
William R. Catton, Jr. (1926-2015). William R. Catton, Jr. -- one of the most significant and influential ecological thinkers of the past century -- died last month, just shy of his 89th birthday. Catton was an inspiration to a host of climate change, peak oil, and sustainability-oriented leaders.
The Kennedy-Johnson Climate Legacy. Fifty years after President Johnson signaled a new concern to Congress in carbon pollution, we know he was right. Fifty years from now, how will the next generation look back on us? Will they say that we dealt with a moral and technological challenge of our time?
Another Big Storm Bears Down On New England. 
4 Climate-Friendly Valentine's Day Gifts. While discussions of political solutions to climate change are beginning to circulate, we can continue with our own personal efforts to reduce our individual carbon footprints. This Valentine's Day, rather than focusing on those red and chocolate filled aisles, why not look outside the box and give a gift that will truly make a difference.
Breaking News. The USDA is the agency tasked with enforcing the AWA at facilities that conduct biomedical research; therefore, if these same animals were used in a laboratory for human health research they would be protected under this federal law.
WATCH. 
Is the IFC Finally Moving Solar Investment Beyond the Grid?. Investment in beyond-the-grid clean energy has been growing steadily, albeit with the world's foremost development institution, the World Bank, missing in action.
Manatee Party Shuts Down Florida Refuge In The Best Possible Way. 
Devastating Shark Ecocide. Over the past 8 years at least 660 million sharks have been slaughtered. That's enough to fill the entire 103-story Empire State Building with dead shark bodies 18 times, or, one building every 20 days, each year. That means at least 90 percent of sharks globally were poached in all oceans.
Whale Of A Fail! Guy On His Phone Misses The Sight Of A Lifetime. 
Global Climate Deal Shouldn't Harm Economic Growth, France Says. 
MacArthur Award Validates Climate Strategy. 
Big Ship, Little Bird. Without a radiograph machine, determining if bones are broken on a bird the size of a robin is a real challenge, but Melanie is an expert. Mary held the bird while Melanie gently palpated the bones of the wings, spine and legs. To her relief, no fractures presented.
Halting Fracking in California. Governor Brown is taking important steps to reduce the demand for fossil fuels. But that's only half of the equation. California also must urgently tackle the supply side, by committing now to keeping the critical carbon reserves of the state in the ground.
Can You Afford Not Being Sustainable? (Part I). There is a misconception of sustainability as solely an ecological related subject, which is not the case. On the contrary, there are a range of definitions and applications.
Saving The Least Protected Habitat On Earth. It's possible for people and wildlife to thrive side by side on the plains. The key is to work collaboratively with everyone who has a stake in this precious resource, from ranchers to nomadic herdsmen, from energy companies to government policy-makers.
Sir David King. Speaking before a packed auditorium at London's Imperial College last week, Sir David King, the UK's former head scientist, and current envoy for climate change, described 2015 as \a seminal year\ for the planet.
The End of the Barnett Shale? Recent Earthquakes and an Epic Fault Line May Erode Enthusiasm for Further Fracking in Dallas County. 
Obama's Budget Calls For Billions In Climate Funding. 
California Has Been Letting Oil Companies Dump In Protected Water Sources, And Conservationists Are Livid. 
Rescuing Bambi and the Great Pit Bull Bias. About a month ago, I adopted a dog. Now -- a month later -- I'm still rescuing that dog. Bambi, my beautiful two-year-old pup, is a Pit Bull mix. I was ready for the wide array of problems new rescues often have. What I was not expecting, and what I was not ready for, was The Great Pit Bull Bias.
The DC Disconnect on Climate Change. The disconnect between where the scientific community is on the causes of climate change, and what Congress thinks, is profound. Congress is also out of step with the American public.
Songbirds Carry on Dinosaurs' Predatory Legacy. We should better appreciate our avian species and other wildlife diversity around us. We are learning more and more about the origins of our natural world and the interrelationships that collectively provide the essence of life on earth.
Superbug Fear Meets Super Bowl With Sexy Ad For Antibiotic-Free Burger. 
A $48 Billion Opportunity for U.S. Electric Customers. A 2.0 utility business model that doesn't accommodate this opportunity for local, equitable access to energy production and management will leave many U.S. electricity consumers deeply unsatisfied.
'PBS NewsHour' Leads The Way In Climate Coverage Among Nightly News. 
Ban Ivory Sales -- All of Them. If the United States and other nations do not fully ban the sale of ivory, African elephants could be extinct -- poof -- in as few as five years.
Why I Love the Go Daddy Puppy Commercial. Finally an ad that shows the truth about breeding.  Animal advocates are protesting this?  They should have produced it.
A Modest Proposal to Suppress the Whiskey Rebellion and Heal American Politics. (With Apologies to Jonathan Swift.). San Juan, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Why not a Commonwealth of Texas? That thought occurred to me reading about political stalemate in Washington while celebrating the 10th Anniversary of the Sierra Club's vibrant chapter here.
NYT. 
These Dogs Are Not Very Good At Making Snow Angels, But Bless Their Hearts For Trying. 
Global Divestment Comes of Age. Because of the likelihood that a large fraction of today's known fossil-fuel reserves will become \stranded,\ fossil fuels no longer represent safe investments. Thus, continued reliance on fossil fuels is neither safe environmentally nor safe economically.
Not Lovin' It. If McDonald's really cares about the average American, as it purports to in its ads, how about some real transparency that makes it so \every-man\ has more information about what he (or she) is eating?
Appointment With The Climate Psychologist. Bar the standard dinner party no-go areas of sex, religion and politics climate change doesn't follow far behind on the list of topics that might get you un-invited from the next social gathering.
Tata Mundra. Having a policy and enforcing the policy are two totally different and separate things. After all, law without enforcement is no law at all.
Meatless Monday. Going meatless may be an ethical choice, environmental, or maybe it's about wellness, \but it can also be delicious. I believe that,\ says Page. \Ultimately, it gets down to pleasure. And flavor.\
BP's Clean Water Act Fines Will Be Smaller Than Gulf States Thought. BP acted with gross negligence in precipitating the April 20, 2010 spill, Barbier ruled last September.  This mid-January, he found that BP wasn't grossly negligent or reckless in its source-control efforts to stop the spill.
Massive Snowstorm Blows Into Northeast. 
The Dark Side Of Eating Seafood. 
200 Yellowstone Bison Allegedly Sent To Slaughter. 
Businesses and Environmental Groups Call on President Obama to Create Clean 'Power India' Initiative. A \Power India\ initiative would coordinate bilateral support from agencies such as the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), U.S. Export-Import Bank, and USAID, with the goal of unlocking much needed support for clean energy projects and catalyzing the expansion of beyond-the-grid solar markets to help alleviate energy poverty.
Lawns Gone Wild. The total area of American lawns is approximately 50 thousand square miles, about the size of New York State. To keep it well watered takes about 200 gallons per person per day, and nearly a third of all residential water use goes toward landscaping, according to the EPA.
Some Homes Near Oil Spill Report Dark Ooze Coming Out Of Taps. 
From Know-Nothingism to Do-Nothingism in the U.S. Senate. In votes Wednesday on amendments to the controversial Keystone XL pipeline bill, some Republican Senators finally went on record acknowledging that man-made climate change is real. But it is clear that the Republican leadership and most members of their caucus still have no plans to do something about it.
Momentum Remains High for Forests' Role in Sustainable Development and Tackling Climate Change. I hope that the private sector will build and expand on the significant commitments already made to achieve these supply chains.
Global Water Crisis Demands Business and Government Action. Many of us, like me, who live in the western United States know that one big thunderstorm isn't going to solve the problem.
Oil-Loving Senate Contributes 'Significantly' to Climate Change. It doesn't matter where the oil comes from, it doesn't matter where it goes, and it doesn't matter if it hurts the U.S. economy or not. They just hands-down love oil.
Big Coal Destroys the Great Barrier Reef and Caley Wetlands. Instead of protecting it, the Queensland and Australian federal government have traded the crown jewel of the Seven Wonders of the World for exporting more heat-trapping gas and coal and more poisonous mercury vapor.
Town's Water Quality Improving Days After Oil Spill. 
South Africa Moves 100 Rhinos To Undisclosed Locations. 
Tipping Point for Carbon Pricing Just Got Closer. Like objects in a passenger-side mirror, the tipping point for pricing carbon is a lot closer than it appears, and votes this week in the Senate moved it a bit closer.
61 Senators Agree Climate Change Is Real -- Now We Can Talk Solutions. Of course, we shouldn't over-state the good news. Only half the Senate was willing to say human activities were a \significant\ cause of climate change, and actual plans to limit carbon pollution are sure to be under assault in the days ahead.
'Green News Report' - January 22, 2015. President Obama's State of the Union focuses on climate change; Republicans' sneaky move to give the Keystone XL pipeline a new name; Yellowstone River pipeline spill spews oil and cancer-causing benzene; PLUS
Our Polar Regions Are Simply 'Melting Away,' And It's A Beautiful Disaster. 
The U.S. Meat Animal Research Center and the Agro-Industrial Complex. Every day factory farms and the U.S. Meat Animal Research Center inflicts shocking cruelties on animals. They don't want to have to modify their production methods one bit or give the animals even a few inches of extra space or a quick death.
WATCH. 
Canadian Provinces Take Lead on Climate Protection. Ontario, Quebec, and British Columbia all use different economic, environmental and political instruments to achieve their climate goal but have helped Canada lower GHG emissions over the years and tackle climate change at the national level.
Rising Above the Noise on Climate. Limiting the pollution that causes climate change by getting us away from coal burning power plants and moving us towards a clean energy future is a critical step in tackling this crisis and the problems that come with it.
Climate Scientist and Mom Will be First Lady's Guest at the State of the Union. Nicole Hernandez Hammer will be sitting in the First Lady's box as President Obama delivers his sixth State of the Union address. To me, this signals the president's commitment to doing all he can to tackle the dangerous problem of climate pollution. And so I am celebrating.
Money, and Harmful Chemicals, in Politics. The Supreme Court did more than open the door to the undoing of democracy in Citizens United. They also opened a potential floodgate of new chemical health threats backed by unbridled chemical industry spending.
The 10 Most Important Water Stories in 2014. California's multi-year drought grew dire enough in 2014 to prompt Governor Jerry Brown to declare a drought emergency in January. By the end of the year, California had experienced the driest and hottest 36 months in its 119-year instrumental record.
Climate Change. Today, the Earth got a little hotter, and a little more crowded.
Why We Shouldn't Sugarcoat the Deaths of Thousands of Shelter Pets Every Day. Let's all work together to make this practice a relic of the past, but we can't pretend that taking the lives of homeless pets when alternatives exist to save them is anything other than killing.
STUDY. 
Teens Take Politicians To Court Over Climate Change. 
The State of the Environment. The fact is all of us depend on healthy natural systems for our prosperity, our progress, our very existence. The state of those systems is imperiled. We need our political leaders in Washington to help create a more promising future for our children, not put it at greater risk.
U.S. Federal Court. 
Solar Jobs Report Shows Huge Growth. 
Ball Boys Are Out, Long Live The Ball Dog. 
2014 Record-Breaking Heat Is Bad for Business. This long-running record heat contributes to an expensive \new normal\ for global businesses and national economies, raising the cost due to shifting weather patterns and more extreme heat waves, storms and droughts that can be fueled by a changing climate.
Lawmakers Who Back Big Polluters Risk Losing GOP Voters. New comprehensive analysis from the Yale Project on Climate Change Communication reveals a growing divide within the Republican Party over climate change.
Florida Doesn't Need Trees. One prime example of how little importance is given to the Florida environment is happening in Miami-Dade County -- home to Miami and 2.6 million residents.
Russia's Forests Overlooked In Climate Change Fight, Scientists Warn. 
13 Reasons Cats Are Basically Magic. 
The Ingenious Way Humpback Whales Hunt In Pitch-Black Waters At Night. 
Poor Countries Commit to Climate Treaty, So Why Won't the GOP?. As the Republican Party assumes control of Congress, one of their top priorities is to roll back the Obama administration's recent advances in energy and climate policy.
Lake Michigan's Ice Boulders Are Back, And Some Say They're Bigger Than Ever. 
Meatless Monday. 
What Happens To A Boomtown When Oil Gets Cheap?. 
A Slew Of Green Energy Progress Could Be Made During Obama's Visit To India. 
Flood Tide for the Climate Movement. But when the tide comes, Shakespeare is right - you must seize it.  This is time for boldness, a time for vision, and a time above all to concentrate our strength and effort where we can move big ideas and game changing projects. Slow and steady won't win this race.
Keystone XL Looking More Unlikely Than Ever, Despite House Vote to Approve This Dirty Energy Project. The Keystone XL vote is just the first in what the Republican Congressional leadership has promised will be a series of attacks on our health and environment. It is more important than ever that the Administration move forward with its clean power pla.
California Considers Strict Ivory Ban To Protect Elephants. 
Veterans Who Flew Agent Orange-Poisoned Planes After Vietnam Now 'A Giant Step Closer To Justice'. 
The Way You Remember Winters Of Yore Is Probably Wrong. 
Knit Mittens For Injured Koalas? You Got It!. 
2014 Was California's Hottest Year On Record. 
Here's Why Keystone XL Is the Wrong Choice for Our Nation. Polluters are fighting hard to get Keystone approved. The oil and gas industry pumped $53.1 million into last year's congressional campaigns--87 percent of which went to Republican candidates. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell raked in $608,000 from the industry for his 2014 campaign, and now he is putting Keystone XL at the heart of his big polluter agenda. But this isn't just a battle over industry influence. This is a choice about the kind of nation we want to live in. Do we want to live in a country where expert reviews don't matter and industry profits trump our families' health? Do we want to lock ourselves into a fuel that generates 17 percent more climate change pollution than crude oil and makes our children more vulnerable to extreme weather? Or do we want something better?
Updated Smog Standards Are Needed to Protect Little Lungs. We don't have to choose between clean air and a strong economy. We do have a right to clean, healthy air -- and our children have the right to skip, run, and play outside without breathing dangerous levels of smog.
'Green News Report' -- January 6, 2015. 
Climate Change This Week. 
New Year, Old Challenges... For Climate Change. Americans, according to a recent Pew poll, are the most worried they've been about Islamic extremism since 2007. But what boggles the mind is that fewer than half name climate change as a potential threat. This is disturbing.
Back Off Baby Boomers. Only time will tell if millennials will change the ways governments look at climate change. If the present is any reflection of the future, then yes, they will bring change. But if the American people know one thing it is that those we elect to represent us so often fall into other ways of thinking.
Obama Should Designate Marine National Monuments In Alaska. While political and business interests in Alaska are likely to oppose such new federal marine protections, it is important to note that federal waters off Alaska are co-owned an co-managed by all Americans, and all Americans have a say in their management.
Another Record Year For Rhino Slayings. 
Why It Is Time to Reject the Keystone XL Tar Sands Pipeline. The Keystone XL tar sands pipeline is not a jobs program. It is not an economic development program. It brings risk to our farmers in the heartland and the health of communities across the country threatened by climate change. It is time to reject the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline once and for all.
10 Reasons to be Encouraged We Made Real Environmental Progress in 2014. 2014 was a year of significant progress for the environment. To be sure, we still face plenty of very daunting challenges (you know the list). But there was also a lot of very significant progress to celebrate. Around the world, governments, businesses, nonprofits, and communities successfully came together to protect nature in a big and powerful way.
3 Ring Travesty. Many of the creatures have become threatened with extinction in the wild, with lions, tigers, and elephants being cases in point. Humanity has a moral obligation to preserve to the best of its ability the biodiversity of the planet.
The Race to Save our Oceans, Down Under. Australians love the environment and they clearly understand the importance of protecting our life support system -- the oceans.
The 10 Best Photos From The Dept. Of The Interior's Instagram. 
WATCH. 
The Best Night Sky Photos From The Dept. Of The Interior's Instagram. 
A New Paradigm. It turns out that the industry is right
Legal Personhood for Apes. The ruling for Sandra could open the doors for major changes in the treatment of animals in zoos, circuses, theme parks, and research facilities. The recognition of her rights  by the Argentinian court shows it's time our own legal system caught up.
An Open Letter to Warren Buffett. The cost of building new conventional generators is astronomical. If you get a jump on this and find a way to make it profitable, fields of opportunity will open as other coal-fired plants shut down. And you just might blaze a trail toward a carbon-neutral future.
Pope Francis To Issue Edict On Climate Change. 
Browns Canyon Is a Sanctuary for Our Veterans. I can't think of a better place to recover than on a stretch of the Arkansas River renowned for its prized trout fishing and incredible whitewater rafting.
For City Parks, 2014 Was the Year That Was (Great)!. Well, 2014 was certainly the \Year That Was\ for parks and open space, with many cities finding places to build new parks by creatively reusing abandoned or underperforming infrastructure as parks, and with record levels of new public and private investment in some states and cities.
It's A 2014 Icicle Listicle. 
Food Security. The golden age of agriculture is over. Growth based on the expansion of cropland area as seen until the 1950s, followed by improving land productivity through new technologies and productivity-based agricultural policies will fail us.
2015 Climate Change Forecast. I'm pretty sure that Inhofe must be reading different news feeds than I am, otherwise, how could he fail to be as concerned as I am? Below are some of my top anxieties, not necessarily in order of my angst:
Shooting Non-targets. The \non-target\ costs of spraying lethal poisons in the environment are often high. In a cotton field, everything but the bugs feeding on cotton is non-target
Climate Change Means Greater Risk Of Dengue Fever. 
Endangered Cuba. We don't want to be blamed for unleashing economic activity that environmentally desecrates the most biologically diverse island in the Caribbean.
Of Naturalists and Nature Amid the Richness of the Andes. Our natural world, so wondrous and so valuable to the quality of our lives and to the integrity of our breathing planet, needs a renewed commitment to its conservation.
The Benefits Of Biking To School Go Beyond Better Fitness. 
A Pivotal Law for NYC Pets. While these laws won't keep all puppy mill puppies out of New York City pet stores, it's a critical step in the right direction. Taken together they will deeply impact the lives of dogs in puppy mills across the nation, and further New York City's reputation as a leader in animal welfare and safety.
Court Rules Captive Orangutan Is 'Non-Human Person' And Can Be Freed. 
Presidential Task Force Releases Recommendations for Seafood Fraud and Illegal Fishing. Without a comprehensive approach, consumers, seafood businesses, fishermen and the oceans will still be at risk from seafood fraud and illegal fishing.
This Sparkling New Park Was A Toxic Brownfield Just 4 Years Ago. 
What SeaWorld Should Do. SeaWorld's value as a business on the stock market has gone way way down. Well, SeaWorld, now that we have your attention...
New York's Grassroots Triumph. In New York State, at least, sanity has prevailed. By banning fracking, Governor Andrew Cuomo has acted to protect his state's citizens from a rapacious industry whose presence would inevitably result in significant health and environmental consequences.
An Energy Access Entrepreneur's Response To Bill Gates. When you spend all of your time on the ground, you learn that this approach is broken. We all want power in the hands of people today, not decades from now.
What the Environmental Community Has Is a 'Failure to Communicate'. The environmental community has a communication problem. The problem lies neither with the validity of their facts and figures nor with the caliber of their experts. The problem is a failure to convey to the American people the relevance of the environment to their everyday lives.
Acidic Oceans Could Quiet Coral Reefs. 
'Change the System, Not the Climate!'. A series of mobilizations involving civil disobedience, boycotts and creative community alternatives are being planned to lay the groundwork for the People's Global Climate Strike in December 2015 to coincide with the Paris UN Climate conference.
New York Bans Fracking After Health Report Calls It Unsafe. New Yorkers also have to keep up the pressure on Governor Cuomo to make New York State a leader in clean energy development and deployment -- and get economic growth into the areas that so desperately need it.
Greenland's Ice Sheet Shifts Could Speed Melt. 
Greed and Resistance in Sarawak's Rainforest. The greed and corruption of a small clique are now turning Sarawak's rainforests into a monoculture of oil palms and hydropower reservoirs. Lukas Straumann documents the local politics, international complicity and desperate resistance in the struggle over one of the world's last paradises.
Heroic Whale Rescue Reveals Sad Reality. 
EarthTouch. Earth Accounting is the effort of a dedicated but as yet small group to create this real world activity accounting system and present it to people in a form useful to consumers who are responsible for 70 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
Groundwater Issues Still a Hot Topic in California. Local GSAs will not only have to be put in place over the next couple years, they'll have to come up with plans, and, more importantly, adequate funding to carry out sustainable basin-wide management.
Will eBay Give Out ALEC Coal This Holiday Season?. This holiday season, eBay's incoming CEO Devin Wenig can signal to customers, shareholders, and employees that eBay's commitment on climate is stronger than ever by dumping ALEC.
Are You Made of Air Pollution?. Plants harvest carbon dioxide from the air, and when we dump fossil fuel carbon into the atmosphere much of it runs through the world's food chains and into our bodies. You build most of your body from air and water, but to do this you need the help of plants.
WATCH. 
The True Cost of Turning on the Lights. Coal ash is toxic as a bad marriage, but here's the irony
Helping The Planet, And Your Appetite, By Dining On Invasive Species. 
Delisting the Grizzly Bear...or Not. Doug Peacock is considered by many veterans as the godfather of the modern movement to connect those who have been to war with the physical land they fought for when they come home.
Momentum for Change 2014 Lighthouse Awards. 
Orangutan's Horrific Death Underscores Need for Brands to Use Certified Palm Oil. The rapid expansion of palm oil plantations has been identified as a key threat to the survival of orangutans.
Lima 2014. The agreement in Lima is a mixed bag, but the seeds for Paris agreement have been planted. It is a diverse group of plants and it will need to be watered and cultivated, but with the right gardeners it can grow stronger.
Earth Faces Sixth 'Great Extinction' With 41 Percent Of Amphibians Set To Go The Way Of The Dodo. 
At the Heart of COP20. Over the past thirteen days world leaders and representatives from 195 countries, members of the business community, academics, NGOs, indigenous and grassroots organisations, a total of over 12,000 international visitors have descended on Lima.
3 Climate Lessons From Lima. Cutting the rate of warming by half is essential for adaptation. Leadership from heads of government and a plan of action for fast mitigation to complement the UN agreement can start to answer the legitimate demands of all citizens for their governments to avoid the irreversible climate crisis.
You Definitely Want This Pit Bull Calendar Up On Your Wall. 
People's Climate March in Lima Unites Citizen Voices of the Americas. Governments and their negotiators gathered in Lima for the UN climate conference (COP 20) must produce a meaningful agreement that will save our planet from the devastating effects of climate disruption.
Fond Farewell to Retiring Environmental Champions. Representatives John Dingell, George Miller, and Henry Waxman are retiring. They surely deserve the rest, but -- oh! -- how the environmental community will miss having them in the House. With gratitude, we bid them a fond farewell.
Thoughts on Climate Change After Crossing Asia. Six months after leaving Istanbul, we reached the eastern coast of China, thus officially crossing Asia with our bicycles. In addition to making friends with farmers, yak herders, and businessmen, we've talked to people we've met along the way about climate change.
5 Tips to Keep Your Pets Safe This Holiday Season. Many Christmas trees are fitted with water containers to keep them fresh. This water could contain fertilizer or become stagnant over time. Prevent your pet from drinking from the tree to avoid potential complications.
Use Your Consumer Power to Clean Up Cruelty in 2015. Whether we like it or not, consumerism shapes many aspects of our society. Put a little differently, the way we spend our money communicates our beliefs, values, and interests.
A Quarter Of Ivory Sold In Beijing And Shanghai Stores Is Illegal. 
In Clean Energy, Macro Trends Trump Midterm Political Winds. Without a doubt, the midterms were not good news for U.S. clean energy and climate action.
Researchers Kill 890 Wolves to Learn About Them. When I told some colleagues and friends about this study they were incredulous and aghast. Cloaked in a lab coat and under the guise of conservation biology, this egregious study raises serious questions about oversight and approval of lethal research involving wild animals.
Clean Power Plan a Win All-Around. By embracing the fight against climate change, we can help make the United States a leader in clean energy jobs and economic opportunity, as well as environmental protection.
23 Reasons Why Dachshunds Are the Undisputed Champions of Dogshaming. There's a reason why a Dachshund kicked off the now widespread trend of Dogshaming. Why? Because Doxies are mutherpuppin' mischievous, naughty-minded dogs. And I will back this statement up 100% because I am the proud pup parent of a little weenie devil.
Birut\u00e9 Mary Galdikas. This woman of Lithuanian heritage has grown to become one of the greatest scientists and primatologists of the 20th century. Birut\u00e9 Mary Galdikas has spent more than 40 years living and studying the behaviour of orangutans inside the once pristine rainforest of Borneo, Indonesia.
Millions Of Abandoned U.S. Oil Wells Still Spewing Methane. 
Fracking 101. National and state-level polls tell us that, once people understand how fracking affects our groundwater, air quality, and climate, opposition to it rises. In this case, knowledge really is power as we push back against the polluters.
Offshore Winds Soon to Power Cape Cod. Part 2 of this three-part series concerning America's first offshore wind farm was an October interview with Cape Wind's Communications Director Mark Rodgers. Rodgers recently recalled the significance of Massachusetts's original windmills to the early economy of Cape Cod:
Animal Feedlots And Oil Operations Leave An Impact You Can See From Space. 
Green Real Estate Trends. There are the obvious daily habits such as diet, exercise, and social activities that ensure good health, but what about the things we don't always think about? The less obvious areas of impact on our health include our homes, offices, and the built environment around us.
Climate Change and the Record 2014 California Drought. I fear that the dubious claims by this latest report simply complicate prospects for having the very important and necessary conversation about what measures California will need to take to deal with what is likely to be a steadily worsening water crisis. That is no small matter.
The Connection Between Air Pollution and Cell Phones You've Never Heard About. In the 21st century, \show me the bodies\ seems like a cruel and outdated foundation for public policy.  Yet history is littered with examples -- like tobacco and asbestos -- where only after the death toll mounts is the price of inaction finally understood to exceed that of action.
Nature Does Not Negotiate. We are not taking urgent action. Nature does not negotiate, it responds to our intransigence. For the people of the Philippines, and in many other parts of the world, climate change is already a catastrophe.
Experts. 
Why the Sierra Club Can't Be Silent. The Sierra Club believes that all people deserve a healthy planet with clean air and water and a stable climate. All people also deserve equal protection under the law and the right to live their lives free of discrimination and hatred. These issues are not separate.
Climate Change This Week. Climate action is economically good and patriotic
Citizens Of The Ocean. Citizens of the Ocean is a socially-driven movement, a growing network of informed individuals motivated by a love of the ocean and an understanding that global connection is a powerful way to defend and sustain the ocean. We are joined together against the bankrupt values of the past and united as a force for the future.
Conservative Blogger Rants Against 'Propaganda' At Popular Zoo. 
The DOE Loan Program Is a Winner. The program is a winner. Congress should support the loan program or, even better, create a long-term, self-sustaining, energy infrastructure bank modeled on the very program some once mistakenly attacked.
First Texas City to Ban Fracking Cites 'Public Nuisance' in Lawsuit Response. Attorneys representing Denton, Texas, the first city to ban hydraulic fracturing (\fracking\) in state history, have issued rebuttals to the two lawsuits filed against Denton the day after the fracking ban was endorsed by voters on election day.
What Do Birds Have to Do With Anything?. Birds may be just one canary in the climate change \mine.\ They are important signals of not only environmental disruption, but also of risks to humans.
WATCH LIVE. 
Inhofe's Grand Climate Conspiracy Theory. 
The End And Beginning Of The Arctic. 
Toward Securing a Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument. 
Japanese Ocean-Killers Issue 4,000 Death Warrants (WARNING. The world is outraged by Japan's latest shameful act of stealing an albino dolphin from the sea and its proposed sale, which sentences this exquisite apex predator to a heinous life of slavery.
Photographing the Frozen Lighthouse. In fact, in late November of this year, an early arctic weather pattern turned the Midwest cold and windy - the perfect ingredients for iced lighthouses on the Great Lakes. When I arrived at the lighthouse, my expectations were correct. This was the earliest I can remember, where the outer lighthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan was completely covered in ice. As a rule, mid to late December is the typical time for icing -cold, windy, and the lake is still liquid.  Any later, and Lake Michigan tends to freeze over, and the splashing and spray are suppressed, so the lighthouses don't ice up.
The Forest That Fights Climate Change. The opportunities to harness tropical forests as nature's climate change solution are essential and immediately available, but disappearing. We must act now.
A Climate Cure For Social Injustice. Why not invest in a new society that's safer and fairer, that reduces the threats posed by hunger, poverty, desperation and chaos?
Rise of Walking for Fun & Fitness as a Social Trend. Humans' most common pastime -- forsaken for decades as too slow and too much effort -- is now recognized as a health breakthrough, an economic catalyst and a route to happiness.
Why Visiting a Rainforest Might Just Save the World. We know we should be trying to save the ancient ecosystems that support over half of all wildlife on earth. But how much do we actually understand this? How much do we fully grasp the magnitude of what will actually happen when the last of the forests vanish for good?
Do We Risk Having Two-Tier Access to Renewable Energy?. Solar energy access in the United States varies wildly from state to state. Texas gets enough sunlight per year to power the entire world via solar energy, and yet has one of the lowest solar capacities in the country. At the heart of it is state-level regulatory policy.
Goodbye, Bear. I know there's a big wide world spinning around us filled with famine and war and suffering and poverty, and real problems. But that didn't stop me from turning into a living, breathing clich\u00e9 as I stood there in the middle of our suburban street while out for a walk with my daughter, sobbing uncontrollably because my cat died.
American University Puts Fossil Fuel Industry Over Students. On November 21, 2014, the Board of Trustees of American University voted in favor of supporting climate destruction, refusing to divest its $550 million endowment from the fossil fuel industry and placing American University firmly on the wrong side of history.
Black Elephants, Black Swans, and Tomorrow's Fish. Is it a bit much to say that we are in the midst of a Food Revolution? I suggest that depends on how you view the current conditions on your plate, in your family, in your community, in our nation.
HOTTEST YEAR ON RECORD. 
\u0388\u03bd\u03b1\u03c2 \u03bd\u03b5\u03ba\u03c1\u03cc\u03c2 \u03c3\u03b5 \u03c3\u03c5\u03b3\u03ba\u03c1\u03bf\u03cd\u03c3\u03b5\u03b9\u03c2 \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03be\u03cd \u03b4\u03b9\u03b1\u03b4\u03b7\u03bb\u03c9\u03c4\u03ce\u03bd \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03c5\u03bd\u03bf\u03bc\u03af\u03b1\u03c2 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u039a\u03ac\u03b9\u03c1\u03bf. 
DEVIL IN THE DEEP BLUE SEA. 
Chris Christie Votes Against Pigs Amid Rising Political Ambitions. 
The Grim Climate Reality That Lies Beneath All The Hope. 
Is This The Boat Of The Future?. 
Why We 'Have A Responsibility' To Protect Big Cats. 
Government Data Sharpens Focus On Crude-Oil Train Routes. 
10 Advances for the Environment I'm Grateful For This Thanksgiving. There's a lot to be thankful for -- from historic progress on climate to groundbreaking environmental laws that can serve as a model for the rest of the nation. Behind each of these accomplishments was grassroots activism, engaged citizens, and committed individuals who just didn't give up; and it's that kind of people power that I'm most grateful for this holiday season.
Something To Be Thankful For. It's Saturday morning in Plympton, Mass., and the sun has yet to dry the dew from the windows at the Mayflower Cranberries farm, but owner Jeff LaFleur is already on a knee in his bog inspecting his crimson bounty in preparation for the fall harvest.
#ClimateThanks, Not a Moment Too Soon. Today, as Thanksgiving approaches and we reflect on what we are grateful for, thousands are taking to Twitter to celebrate the climate movement with a simple message rarely heard in this doom and gloom issue
Tourism Opportunities to Protect the Sea Turtles. While the Tour de Turtle race is over for this year, the issues of protecting endangered sea turtles is a year-round concern and one that individuals and the tourism industry can do much to assist with.
Climate Change Doesn't Care if You're Republican or Democrat. With their longstanding allies now in Senate leadership, big polluters will seek to load up must-pass spending bills with anti-environmental riders and pass stand alone bills to block or overturn hard-fought safeguards.
eBay Chairman Funds Great Movie On Climate Denier Campaign. Made by the director of Food Inc., and based on the remarkable book by Naomi Oreskes and Erik Conway, Merchants of Doubt shows exactly how a small, well-trained group of PR people crafted a massive campaign to confuse Americans about climate change.
Bike Share Is Growing Up. In just four years, bike share has gone from being the fantasy of a few enthusiasts to a practical and low-cost way for tens of thousands of people in American cities, both large and small, to get around.
GMOs Expose Senator Thune's Science Problem. If Senator Thune actually believed what scientists and the U.S. military tells us about our dire climate future, he would be compelled to act immediately and with force. He'd have to stop pushing for the Keystone XL pipeline and questioning the economic impact of climate change solutions.
How the Honey Bee Health Coalition Is Helping the Honey Bee Crisis. Perhaps this roadmap can be viewed as our own personal outline for what all of us as a society can do to improve honey bee health but only when we know how the major players of the bee food chain interact and the knowledge we already know or have access to.
Extreme Ice Survey. There is a particular moment in the mountains, when the clouds part and mysterious summits are revealed, that I find especially appealing. Often, muted gray skies and low clouds obscure the world above, leaving steep ridges disappearing into an atmospheric abyss.
China's Air Pollution Solution. If China seizes the opportunity to learn from the ports on the other side of their most valuable trade route, they can boost their economy, improve public health and help to solve the world's most pressing environmental issues all at once.
Cultivating Climate Justice from the Front Lines of the Crisis. One of the greatest injustices of climate change is that those who have done the least to cause it -- like the residents of the Philippines hit by Super Typhoon Yolanda -- feel the impacts first and worst through rising sea levels and extreme weather.
Climate Change May Melt The Glaciers From Glacier National Park. 
Western New York Braces For Flooding As Heavy Snow Melts. 
Snowed-In Buffalo Now Also In Danger Of Floods. 
The Downside Of The Boom. 
Taoism Is Environmentalism. 
Any Climate Deal From Upcoming Summit Likely To Be Too Weak To Stop Warming. 
Kenya's Iconic Nairobi National Park Is Under Threat, Conservationists Warn. 
Dutch Heath Authorities To Kill 8,000 Ducks To Prevent Bird Flu. 
WATCH. 
The Household Threat To Children's Brains. 
The Climate Post. 
Your State Might Be Offering These Awesome Perks For EVs And You Don't Even Know It. 
Before Cousteau. The ocean was still a great unknown in the years between the world wars, and some scientists speculated that the bottom was a \dead zone\ where the pressure and darkness made life impossible. It was in this atmosphere of total uncertainty that William Beebe and Otis Barton built a hollow steel ball called the Bathysphere.
Is There Any Hope for Two Retired Circus Elephants, Rosie and Opal?. Since 2012, Rosie and Opal -- a pair of middle-aged, retired circus elephants -- had been living at Hope Elephants, a facility in Hope, Maine. But Rosie and Opal's storyline took an unexpected turn.
This Bird Is Winning The Selfie Game. 
Terrapin's Escape From Crocodile Is Tough To Swallow, But It Happened. 
20 Things Pit Bull Parents Are Tired Of Hearing. We decided to ask our pawsome followers over on Facebook what other things Pit Bull parents are sick and tired of hearing from people, and these were the results.
America's Disastrous History of Pipeline Accidents Shows Why the Keystone Vote Matters. So what would happen if Keystone XL is built? The U.S. State Department estimates Keystone XL could spill up to 100 times during its lifetime.
Meatless Monday. Her cultured nut products -- Schinner's term, which is accurate if not romantic -- reflect that ethos. Meatless since the age of twelve, she loved cheese, especially the rich, ripe cheeses she enjoyed traveling around Europe.
Honoring Those Who Make a Difference for Animals. Last week, we recognized some of the most remarkable people and animals on the front lines of that effort by bestowing our annual ASPCA Humane Awards.
5 Reasons the Senate Must Protect Our Communities from the Keystone XL Pipeline. This bill would bypass essential reviews, skip safety assessments, and fast track a dangerous project. This has sweeping implications for future generations. And yet it is entangled in the politics of the moment.
EU, U.S. Force Inclusion Of Climate Change Passage On G20 Agenda. 
Rescued Bunny's Incredible Recovery Is Testament To Hard Work Of Pet Shelters Everywhere. 
5 Measures of Conservation to Affordably Monitor Our Effectiveness. Most conservation practitioners would rather spend the next dollar raised on reducing threats than monitoring the effectiveness of their actions. Not surprisingly, few have ever attempted to gather scientifically credible data on any of the numerous exhaustive lists of indicators.
Strong Earthquake Rattles Indonesia. 
Second Canadian Company Completing Tar-Sands Pipeline into the U.S.. TransCanada's fight, and the Keystone XL pipeline, might be moot -- along with the campaign that brought together a broad coalition of environmental groups working to block the project and contain the import of tar-sands oil.
Despite Crackdown, Indian Courts Side With Public Health, Against Coal. This week's court decision shows that India's democracy is indeed robust. The system of checks and balances, of which the courts are a part, is capable of surviving harsh political environments and delivering justice.
Pit Bull Rescued From Horrible Conditions Now Gets To Roll Around On Giant Comfy Couch. 
Sam Champion Disagrees With Weather Channel Co-Founder's Climate Change Denial. 
This Is One Of The Worst Things You Can Do With Your Pet Fish. 
These Itty Bitty Octopi Have 8 Arms, Infinite Cuteness. 
11 Must-Haves For Your Dog's First Aid Kit. None of us like to think of our beloved dogs getting hurt, but it's always better to be prepared in case something does go wrong. Many people already have a first aid kit at home for the humans, but what about the four-legged members of the family?
Are We Really the Smartest Creatures on Earth?. More than 40 years ago, my then-wife Nigey Lennon and I were on our way home to Echo Park when, suddenly, she said to stop. I thought it was because she'd spotted a garage sale. Instead it was a woman who had set up a bunch of cages with cockatiels for sale.
Landmark Study Finds Pesticides Linked To Depression In Farmers. 
Voices of Hope in a Time of Crisis. How quickly can the shift to renewables and de-carbonization at the source be achieved through individual and grass roots efforts? Globalization is the reality and events like the 'Voices of Hope in a Time of Crisis' Conference are themselves the products of globalization.
What?! Fish Can't Be Organic?. 
The Future of the People's Climate March. 
Meatless Monday. 
Slowing the Brain Drain in Central Africa to Protect the Environment and Public Health. 
Nevada Earthquake Swarm Increases Chance Of Larger Quake. 
Illinois Approves Secret Fracking Rules. A state legislative committee chaired by Sierra Club champion Sen. Don Harmon officially unleashed fracking in Illinois today, approving the final regulatory rules in secret, as legislators essentially dumped the concerns of compromising lobbyists with the Illinois Environmental Council and Sierra Club in closed-door meetings.
Bush Family, Inner Circle at Center of Lawsuits vs. Denton, TX Fracking Ban. 
'Green News Report' - November 6, 2014. 
The End of the Big Oil and Gas Game Has Come. When the world's major financial institutions start to do serious, accurate, research science and measure the declining costs of renewable energy verse the rising costs of fossil fuels, it becomes easier to understand the monumental impact that the Green Industrial Revolution is having.
Living, Breathing History and Morality Through Design at Greenbuild 2014. 
Ecological Debt and the Global Footprint Network. Ecological debt has transcended the physical and political boundaries of any individual nation to become a global phenomenon that involves every person on earth in the calculating and recalculating the sums through collective and individual behaviors worldwide.
69 Dogs Rescued From A Fighting Ring May Finally Get A Chance At The Good Life. 
The Stealth Element. Although the Minamata Convention constitutes a significant leap for protecting people and nature against the dangers of mercury, the real work begins now. We have confidence that the November gathering in Bangkok will represent the first great call for concrete global action.
WATCH. 
Climate Change This Week. Ari Phillips at Climate Progress. Three major companies - Cisco Systems, 3M, and Kimberly Clark - announced they will now give employees a deeply discounted way of buying or leasing solar panels for their homes. Sunny news, indeed!
Why Your Cat Thinks You're A Huge, Unpredictable Ape. 
Parts Of South Carolina See Earliest Snowfall On Record. 
Rare Vampire-Fanged Deer Spotted For The First Time In Decades. 
This Is What A Perfect Dog Adoption Looks Like. 
Strong Winds, Flooding And, Yes, Snow Mark Halloween In Chicago. 
No Deal On Antarctic Ocean Sanctuary. 
It's Been a Spook-tacular Year for Rainforests. Last Halloween, if you wanted to hand out tiger-friendly treats, you had precious few options. Fast forward twelve months, and it's a heck of a lot easier to find a treat that isn't tricking the Sumatran tigers and orangutans out of their homes.
Cli-Fi Is Real. That we have been sleepwalking through such massive destabilization for decades proves that we are much better at consensually hallucinating than we are at separating our sciences and fictions.
AWF. We will never win the war on poaching unless we get the Asian demand countries on side through education and legislation; however, that will take patience and a whole lot of political will, and in the meantime Africa's wildlife is haemorrhaging.
Can Long Island Be Saved?  -- Part X. Even if you are not prepared to vote for them next Tuesday, you should take time out to thank our political leadership for getting this one right, and learn what needs to be done in your community and how you can help.   Long Island -- for future generations.
Superstorm Sandy Two Years Later. There is no single fix that can make our region more resilient in the face of climate change. But by working in our communities and at the national level, we can defuse this threat. Here are six areas where additional attention is greatly warranted.
WATCH. The term 'wealth inequality' is thrown around in a lot of abstract ways. Here's to making it concrete:Imagine the makers of one of humanity's highest-grossing entertainment films shooting footage for the sequel at one of the world's most brutal sites of human and environmental abuse.
Zombies in the Mirror. With all the news about population, extinction and climate change, it can feel pretty apocalyptic out there. But we can still choose not to be zombies.
Ghost Of Milton Friedman Materializes In Chicago, Endorses A Price On Carbon. 
Saving the Canadian Polar Bear. As if it isn't bad enough that the Canadian seal hunt is the largest slaughter of marine animals in the world, now Canada is the only country still allowing polar bears to be hunted for their skins and body parts.
BP. BP has argued that, since total flow rate was never measured we have no way of calculating the volume. To this day the company disputes the US government's estimate of 4.2 million barrels spilled into the Gulf, arguing that it was half that.
'Green News Report' - October 28, 2014. 
Fish And Wildlife Service Proposes Listing African Lion As Threatened. 
The Symbolic Politics of Climate Diplomacy. The actions that will address the climate crisis will largely take place within nation-states, and for reasons that are only indirectly related to climate change.
How Thoughtful Landscape Architecture Nourishes the City. After decades of suburban sprawl, we're finally on a more urban trend in the US.  That's a very good thing, but it's easy to forget as we add more urban development to our cities that we humans are biophilic creatures.
California Energy Strategists Push For 100% Clean Energy, Without Fossil Fuels Or Nuclear Power. If this game-changing goal is widely adopted by the environmental community and by a vanguard of public officials, it would put California climate policymakers and others under pressure to advance the state's already ambitious clean energy goals.
Five Principles for Taming the Wild West of Beyond the Grid Clean Energy Policy. Right now, clean energy access providers are getting hit both coming and going. Their competitors -- fossil fuel companies -- are highly subsidized, but clean energy companies are taxed.
Too Many Smartphone Users Taking Dumb Selfies With Bears. 
Climate Change May Cause 'Serious, Pervasive And Irreversible' Damage. 
New Studies, Reports Heighten Need for Action on Climate Change. It is about time for Congress to address the issue and pass legislation that provides an innovative approach to both mitigating and adapting to climate change. Ignorance, benign neglect and self-interest need to be overcome. That is what leadership is all about.
GMOs Expose Dangerous Science Disconnect in Agriculture. A huge gulf exists in farmer attitudes toward science. Growers clearly accept the scientific evidence that modified food is safe while rejecting the scientific evidence that climate change is real and caused by human activity. And this chasm is driven by simple economics. One finding makes farmers money, but the other doesn't -- yet.
What Will Winter Hold For Drought-Plagued California?. 
One of Sao Paulo's Biggest Reservoirs Is Nearly Dry. 
This Is What Pollution Looks Like In Your World. 
Hall of SHAME? We Have a Winner!. 
Drought Threatens More Than 500,000 In Honduras. 
Bronx River Provides Blueprint for Urban Waterway Restoration. The beautiful thing is that if we take care of our waterways, they will take care of us. A cleaner river and more vibrant ecosystem are powerful resources. They provide numerous education opportunities and drive community well-being and engagement.
How Real Change in the Food System Starts at Retail. Retailers have historically been, and continue to be, a critical part of the Right to Know Movement. So the next time you see your local store's shelves stocked with non-GMO options, remember to thank that retailer for helping to make a difference in the future of our food system.
An Investment Perspective on Green Building Market Transformation. 
Mommy Deerest. I'm done fighting with Mother Nature. Someday I hope to afford professional landscapers who are more equipped to fight off vermin and don't take it personally.
The Value of Energy to Our Warfighters. The USS America is the latest evidence that our military sees the connection between energy and effectiveness.
Blowing Smoke at Global Warming. The claims coming from the mouths of our elected representatives showcase an incredibly wide array of pseudo-scientific criticism directed at the contemporary understanding of climate change.
Martin Sheen Protects Oceans, Newest Sea Shepherd Vessel Unveiled. Sheen joins Brigitte Bardot, Bob Barker, Steve Irwin and Sam Simon in an elite class of Hollywood stars, conservationists and television executives who support Sea Shepherd and have vessels named in their honor
'Water Cops' Hunt For Sprinkler Scofflaws As California Remains Parched By Drought. 
Good Jobs or Healthy Planet? We Can Have Both. We are heading toward a potentially severe clash between environmentalists who advocate for reducing carbon emissions and community and labor activists who are most concerned about jobs, racial equity, and reducing wealth inequality.
When Our Responses to Drought Make Things Worse. Water problems are a complex mix of natural resource, technology, social, economic and political conditions. When water is limited during extreme events such as droughts, society puts in place a variety of responses. But many of the actions taken in recent years have actually increased the vulnerability of other systems.
Pesticide Use Skyrocketing on GMO Crops While Pro-GMO Media Run Interference. Mainstream reporting lately gives a pass to the pesticide industry that pours millions into lobbying government and media elites and defeating voter ballot initiatives to require labeling of GMO foods.
Court Files. 
Momentum Builds in Louisiana, the Latest Front in the Fight Against Coal Exports. If constructed, the facility could see some six to eight million tons of coal and refinery waste exported overseas every year (that's about six coal-fired power plants worth of coal).
If Greenhouse Gases Were A-Team Characters. So, let me present the who's who of climate pollution, as if the offenders were characters on a certain beloved TV show from the 80s (and blockbuster movie from a few years ago).
Like New Yorkers, Californians Can Say No to Fracking. The oil industry may feel entitled to its potential profits, and will likely fight efforts to curb extreme well stimulation and enhancement anywhere they appear. But the people of California and New York -- indeed of all of states -- are even more entitled to clean air and clean water.
Typhoon Vongfong Downgraded To Tropical Storm. 
French Bulldog And Deer Have A Wild Encounter. 
When Animals Disappear, So Do Our Social Structures. Research out of UC Berkeley and UC Santa Barbara is providing evidence that a decline in animals actually means that our social structures are crumbling.
Crews Rescue Missing Seattle Hiker And Dogs. 
Former Michael Vick Pit Bull Has Cancer. 
How One Region Of China Is Trading Coal Mining For Winemaking. 
The Blind Spot for Climate Research in Agriculture. We should focus on these \climate opportunities\ in addition to the \climate hotspots\ -- the areas that the models show will be adversely impacted.
These Photos Remind Us How Awesome Fall Can Be. 
On Factory Farms, Not All Cruelty Is a Crime. let us be horrified by the criminal and indeed unconscionable mistreatment of against animals that occurred at Foster Farms recently. But let us also remember that mistreatment is occurring on a much broader scale in the meat industry.
Necropsy Reveals Disturbing Death Of Zoo Elephant. 
Sweden and the Wakening of Eco-Integrity. What if humanity actually committed itself, at the level of a national government, to learning from and working with nature? What if environmentalism didn't mean (only) marching in the streets, pumping one's fists or chaining oneself to a tree?
Cruelty is Cruelty, Any Way You Slice It. 
Super Typhoon Vongfong Eyes Japan. 
Four Reasons Pay-As-You-Go Solar And Digital Financing Are Unlocking Energy Access For All. 
New York Appeals Court To Weigh Legal Rights Of Chimps. 
Why Are Tortoises So Friggin' Slow?. 
Young Bear On The Mend After Sustaining Serious Burns In Wash. Wildfire. 
Meatless Monday. 
Climate Change Is Altering Earth's Gravity. 
The Climate March. Who, among those with an inkling of the climate disaster already upon millions of beings on the planet, could not be heartened by the numbers, commitment, creativity, energy, joy, and diversity involved in Sunday's protests? The movement showed itself to be... a movement.
What It's Like To Live Without Running Water In America. 
'Honey Badger' Narrator Wants You To Care About Controversial Baby Monkey Experiment. 
Climate Marchers Bring The Heat On Carbon. Head in the sand doesn't solve the climate change issue. It's time to face it with all that it takes.
Effects of Climate Change in My Backyard. Understanding the interconnections and interdependence needed for a healthy planet to live and the global and collective work needed to fix the damage done is not just a backyard issue, but rather an LGBTQ one, too.
Tiny Horse Lives Large With Labrador Pal. 
Offshore Winds Soon to Power Cape Cod. Cape Wind Communications Director Mark Rodgers reflects on the leadership required to move the project from drawing board to construction. He explains how the un-calculated or \external\ costs of polluting sources of energy have inspired communities to support renewable sources of power.
Shame the Devil (Pt. 1). In what can only be described as a terrifying ordeal, monkeys are subjected to horrendous conditions including unfamiliar noise, inadequate food and water supplies, poor ventilation and temperature extremes. Having first been either ripped violently from the wild or bred in terrible foreign breeding facilities, their journey only ends in hell.
It Might Not Sound Sexy, But It's the Future of Our Public Lands. These decisions are crucial to those who live in nearby communities, hunt and fish and camp on public lands, cherish and record the vast archeological resources hidden there, or make their living ranching or outfitting on public lands.
Tipping Point. I'm no journalist, but for those who missed the significance of this singular moment due to the mainstream media's abdication of responsibility, permit me a few reflections on why the PCM was monumental.
Rocket's Red Glare, Bombs Bursting in Air Steal Global Climate Protests' Thunder [Pt. II]. Climate change is already a planetary crisis that, if unchecked, will undermine our health, our economy, our environment, and our food supplies. The nation deserves more ambitious, not to mention consistent, leadership from the President.
The March of Ridicule. The recent March of official representatives of many different countries (People's Climate March) on climate change through New York, for the United Nations General Assembly, shining in the media spotlight, provided an ideal opportunity.
Report. More than $100 trillion in public and private spending could be saved between now and 2050 if the world were to expand public transportation, walking and bicycling in cities, according to a new report.
Despite Its Remoteness, Antarctica's Health Matters. Whether or not you have ever eaten a piece of Antarctic fish or a krill oil dietary supplement, this spectacular place is meaningful to your life. The stark beauty of its land and sea matter to us, as do the lives of the iconic animals that call it home.
The Climate Change Video That's Too Hot for the UN. We wanted to show that we are still in peril, but more, we have the means to solve our problems in the present. There are many reasons to be optimistic and hopeful.
Meatless Monday. 
The African Elephant's 'Last Days'. The African elephant population has decreased by more than 60 percent over the past decade.  Just in the past three years, ivory-seeking poachers have killed more than 100,000 elephants.
This Is Why You Should Be Eating Insects. 
Neil Young, Willie Nelson and 8,000 in Nebraska Stand Up to the Keystone XL Tar Sands Pipeline. Stopping the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline makes a difference for communities in Nebraska and along the pipeline pathway. Real jobs are stake, jobs on many farms and ranches. Those are the jobs that drive this region and feed the country.
Geocaching Takes Weekend Adventurers To Amazing New Places. 
5 Things to Do After Climate Week. Thanks to the epic success of the People's Climate March, alarm bells demanding climate action have never rung louder. So, now that you've succeeded in elevating the mother of all issues to the top of the global agenda, where should you and your fellow 399,999 marchers direct your tide-turning energies?
Why Wildlife Trafficking Is a Human Problem of Global Concern. The soaring demand for products derived from wildlife has pushed several iconic species --including elephants, rhinos, and tigers, as well as many lesser known species -- toward the precipice of extinction. This is a global crisis for both wildlife and people, particularly local communities.
After Epic Lawsuit, Surfers Win California Beach Back From Tech Billionaire. 
World Tourism Day. Our sustainable tourism class this week celebrated World Tourism Day with listening to World Tourism day messages, and a good discussion on the Global Code of Ethics for Tourism.
Carbon Pollution Levels Rise After Several Years Of Decline. 
A View To A Kill. 
'Our Future, Our Choice' -- On the Ground at the People's Climate March. On September 21, I was present at a piece of history...the People's Climate March of 2014. It was a huge event, planned with precision, and broken down into six contingencies. The route covered two miles. My interviews began with people waiting for the bus, on their way to the west side of Manhattan.
Climate Change This Week. Today, the Earth got a little hotter, and a little more crowded. California Gov. Jerry Brown signed a package of bills to promote more CA electric cars, while New York Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled plans for $1 billion in energy retrofits for municipal buildings and pressuring landlords into reducing energy use.
WATCH. 
What Climate Change Means for Indigenous Peoples. When I was born in an Indigenous Limbu village of Eastern Nepal, no one had heard of climate change. It was impossible, then, for anyone in the village to imagine that I might one day speak at the United Nations during a Climate Summit.
You Can Visit The National Parks For Free This Weekend. 
Climate Conversion in New York. Leaders from many faiths, religions, and wisdom traditions made it clear that climate change presents a spiritual crisis, not just an economic and political debate. Our conversations included dialogue with UN leaders on how to reverse the dangerous direction the world is still taking.
Climate Change Jumpers. It was fitting that New York hosted the recent UN climate change summit for several reasons. Let's start with the old joke about the guy who jumps off the Empire State Building and, as he passes the 50th floor on this way down, is heard to say \so far so good.\
Hey! I Am Knocking on Your Door. While historically it has been difficult to regulate these harmful chemicals today we can create best practices to work towards preventing this from ever happening again in any school.
Over 100,000 Elephants Killed in 3 Years, But We Can Stop the Slaughter. When sitting in close proximity to a group of elephants, it always amazes me how small an elephant's tusks are relative to its body. Certainly far less than a hundredth of its weight. But because of these tusks -- their teeth -- tens of thousands of elephants die each year.
You Want A 'Natural,' 'Organic,' 'Free-Range' Dinner, And You Probably Don't Know What That Means. 
In the Philippines, We've Felt the Effects of Climate Crisis and We Demand Change. We demand an energy transformation that will ban new dirty energy projects and transition towards accessible, democratic, sustainable and clean energy that is community-based and managed, and publicly controlled.
Congress Needs to Think Big About Fish. Ecosystem-based fisheries management may sound complex, but there are concrete, cost-effective steps to make it a reality, including conserving habitat where fish spawn and protecting food sources for fish.
Melting Permafrost Endangers Greenland and Releases Harmful, Disease-Causing Bacteria. In order to become once again the owners of our destiny and future, we must implement a profound transformation of thought
Why the Climate Movement Cannot Ignore Trade. The climate movement must stand up to the free trade rules and ideology that helped get us into this climate mess and that will thwart our ability to solve it and say, \enough is enough.\
U.S. Must Do Its Part to Support Green Climate Fund. Among the blizzard of announcements made as part of the UN Climate Summit over the past few days, one that should not be lost in the storm is the pledge made by French President Francois Hollande to contribute $1 billion to the new Green Climate Fund.
Climate Change Will Be the Number One Issue in the 2034 Midterm Elections. At a certain point, we will discover ourselves unable to outlaw or repent or pray away the carbon dioxide and methane blanketing the planet. If that time comes, no change of mind or heart or law will be able to derail our rendez-vous with catastrophe.
Xcel \Inadvertently\ Bills Coloradans for Expressing Opinion, Voting. Is Xcel billing ratepayers for the cost of attacking ratepayers who go solar?
The Next Climate Bomb Is About to Explode in Quebec. While our attention is focused on projects like Keystone XL, Big Oil is developing big plans to send Alberta's bitumen east through Quebec, where the clock is ticking on a new climate bomb.
People's Climate March Signs Speak Volumes. Last Sunday, I had the pleasure of joining around 400,000 people in New York to express the urgent need for meaningful climate action.
An Important Step in Our Fight Against Climate Change. We're the first generation to witness the real devastation of climate change. We may be the last generation capable of curbing it.
Why Not Send Lonesome George on Tour?. At last week's New York unveiling of the mounted body of Lonesome George, the legendary Gal\u00e1pagos tortoise, the VIPs in attendance dismissed it as a silly idea
Leo Addresses UN. 
Signs of the Times, From the People's Climate March in NYC. Somewhere scattered in that long rope of humanity were over 300 Minnesotans like myself, who endured a 24-hour bus ride (twice!) to 'walk the talk' that the reality of climate change requires immediate and meaningful action.
Marchers Need to Stay Involved in the Congressional Climate Fight. House Republicans have not only stymied congressional action to stop dangerous climate change by opposing every forward-thinking policy, but they have repeatedly tried to roll back the landmark Clean Air Act, which enabled President Obama to put forward an executive branch Climate Action Plan.
No Need to Sacrifice the Planet's Arteries to Save Her Lungs. The People's Climate March will hopefully set some official pants on fire and speed up the capitalization of the new fund. At the same time, we need to be vigilant that the powers that be don't abuse the GCF as honey pots from which they can fund business-as-usual or outright destructive projects.
Inspiring Photos From the #PeoplesClimate March in New York City. These people showed up on our behalf and I was moved by their efforts. Maybe, if we all showed up for the really important problems in our world we could see some of the change we want. We would see some of the change we all need.
How Long Will New Jersey Remain the 'Garden' State?. Those just passing through can't possibly comprehend how serious we are about preserving what is lovely, and restoring what has been defiled. But little do those passing through know, either, of the rising threat to these treasures that define us as The Garden State.
It's Time for Action on Climate Change. The bottom line is clear
Save the Dingoes, Stop the Ecocide. The bloody \War Against Nature\ is raging across the Australian continent. The largest land predator, a 55-pound free-ranging dog, called a dingo (classified as a subspecies of grey wolf) is in deep trouble.
Cities and Nations Must Collaborate to Fight Climate Change. From Rio to Paris to Istanbul to Durban to Seoul, city mayors are already making great progress in reducing greenhouse-gas emissions and minimizing climate risks.
Climate Summit. It's time to shift the paradigm on urban development. But this is only truly possible through strong leadership and real commitments to make the change a reality. Let's hope leaders seize the opportunities today to shape more sustainable, prosperous cities of the future.
Days Of Action. Voting is our right, but it is also our responsibility. Because if we don't take the next step and elect leaders who are committed to building a better future for our kids, other rights -- our rights to clean air, clean water, health and prosperity -- are placed directly in harm's way.
Tens Of Thousands Crowd New York For Climate March. 
This Is What It Looks Like When 400,000 People March For Climate Change Awareness. 
Climate March on Frontlines. Facing one of the most under-reported climate disasters in the nation, residents on the frontlines of extraction in the Shawnee forests of southern Illinois joined climate marchers from around the globe today with their own message of hope and struggle.
We Made History. I have long understood that climate change is not only an environmental issue--it is a humanitarian, economic, health, and justice issue as well. Today's march reflected all those concerns.
WATCH LIVE. 
Why Fashion Should Be on the Climate Change Agenda. Fashion matters. As we approach a series of crunch talks for the planet on environmental issues pertaining to climate change, beginning with UN talks in New York, I want to say this loud and proud.
To Keep Global Warming Within Manageable Limits, We Need to Speak Up Now. If we are to keep global warming within the manageable limits of 2 degrees Celsius by 2012, we need to speak up with a clear, strong, united voice -- now.
Why We March. 
Hundreds Of Thousands Turn Out For People's Climate March In New York City. 
The Struggle To Reach Out And Tell The Climate Story. As a climate and Earth science communicator, I find this is the biggest challenge. We're in a constant fight to capture attention, to move people, to make them care about how their behavior is affecting Earth.\n\nTo feel something.
Climate Crisis Is Every Working Person's Crisis. Will we leave the children we love a safer, healthier planet than the one that was handed off to us?  Will they breathe clean air, swim in the ocean, find jobs in healthy communities and a healthy economy? This is why we march.
Lean In. Above all, it is clarity, not complexity, that companies need -- which is why in addition to putting a price on carbon, BT supports a carbon labelling scheme for electricity, as one solution that would reward businesses for using low carbon and renewable energy.
The Drought Of Climate Change Support. Across the globe, we've loaded the atmosphere with so much pollution from burning fossil fuel that the climate is warming up everywhere, and our weather and climate is changing to a \new normal.\ The conditions we were used to are a thing of the past, and this is especially true for the southwestern states.
Why We Must March To Make The Urgency For Climate Action Clear. We need to stop ever more costly and risky extraction from places such as deepwater sites or the Arctic. We need to stop granting subsidies for fossil fuels - something that many of our governments have committed to do but have yet to put into practice.
Bike If You Can, Fly If You Must -- By All Means, Go. The climate movement is home to quite a few who go the full-on vegan, composting, skip-coffee-because-it's-bad-for-the-climate route. But going green is only good if it actually gets somewhere.
This Is How Thousands Are Getting Ready For The People's Climate March. 
Environmentalist Bill McKibben Explains How We Can 'Stave Off Real Disaster'. 
33 Amazing Species -- And a Chance to Save Them. Our report highlights 33 species -- but it could easily have included thousands more. From giant blue whales and mysterious Antarctic toothfish to furry Weddell Seals and rugged chinstrap penguins, the Southern Ocean is part of a vast interconnected ocean environment that not only supports marine life but human life around the world.
5 Ways to Support the People's Climate March Without Marching. I invite you to join the crowds in New York or in your city at the historic People's Climate March this Sunday -- or else try any number of these five ways to join the march in spirit, and speak out beyond this weekend to save our planet.
While We March For The Climate, Governments Meet With Polluters. Our leaders aren't just dithering at the edges while the planet burns -- they're actively inviting the very companies that are causing this crisis to help fix it.
Chasing Fire. 
'Prius Repellents' Versus Indigenous People. 
Life On The Lake...An Overview. 
36 Reasons To Be Optimistic About The Ocean. 
Why Am I Marching? It's Personal. I'm a New Yorker. Living in NY is what I can speak from the heart about. We're a tough bunch and along with the rest of the world, we're taking a beating from climate change. Here's why I am marching to protect what I love, my New York.
Why Gloom And Doom Is Not A Good Strategy For Climate Change Advocates. The idea of branding climate change could seem like another exercise in navel-gazing unless you consider the effectiveness of the opposition. They've got branding down, relentlessly repeating the mantra, \science is inconclusive and solutions are exorbitant and unproven.\
There's No Planet B for Youth. Young people play a vital role in fighting climate change
Environmental Injustice Is Personal. I used to be one of those people who didn't understand the threat of climate change. I wondered, \Why should global warming matter to me?\ When I learned what a warmer world would look like -- especially for people of color and low-income communities -- I was terrified.
Corgi And Wolf Cub Are Totally Wild About Each Other. 
Man Won't Shower For 128 Days, Thanks To California's Drought. 
Dogs in Asia. In a continent where dogs are often regarded as food, a change in attitude is palpable as the science behind the healing powers of canine therapy is being embraced by animal lovers and doctors alike.
Separation Anxiety and Seasonal Enrichments. I always encourage my clients to look at their life from their dog's perspective. Many of my current complaints can be traced to the August to September transformation, with dogs suffering the worst bouts of anxiety and frustration when suddenly left alone.
A New Shade of Green Collaborations Taking Shape in Boulder. To be truly effective and powerful, to have the social impact needed to reverse dangerous environmental trends impacting climate, ocean life, human life, forests, energy resources and all of Earth's ecosystems, collaboration and inclusion are essential.
Climate Change This Week. Looking above at recent temperature anomalies, the jet stream has once again wobbled down into the US, bringing unusually cool but refreshing weather to much of the US as California and Alaska bake.
Ocean Algae Can Evolve When Faced With Climate Change. 
New Sanctions To Stall Exxon's Arctic Oil Plans. 
Environmental Management Systems. As more tourism businesses achieve certification that meets the GSTC standards, the industry will begin to become more sustainable. A good EMS will not only accelerate that process but will also be more likely to save the company money as well.
Taking It to the Streets. For me, however, and I suspect for many others, marching shoulder to shoulder with kindred spirits goes beyond the need to make a point. It is an expression of shared hope, reflecting deeply held convictions about the need to protect our children, our grandchildren and the generations to come.
Nevada Downpour Caused Over $1 Million In Damage. 
EPA Takes Real Steps Toward Curbing Smog Pollution - Now We Need Your Voice. 
The Duh Moment. 
Economy or Environment?  We Need Both.. I remember as a kid walking the fields with my grandfather. He said, \No man has the right to take more from the land than the land itself can withstand.\  That balanced approach made sense to me when I was six, and it still makes sense to me today.
Scientists Identify Possible Cause Of Huge Ice Shelf Collapse. 
State Suffers One Of The Most Destructive Wildfire Seasons Ever. 
Grocery Shopping for Renewable Energy. 
Forget Rainbows; Moonbows Are Having Their Moment. 
'Smiling' Bat Wants You To Know She Really Loves Her New Life. 
Getting Outside to Heal Inside. This is why I joined with more than 200 health and well-being professionals in Utah to send a letter to President Obama asking him to protect Greater Canyonlands to foster a healthy America.
WATCH. 
Making Healthy People and Healthy Communities Part of Our Energy Future. Chemical illnesses are the hidden cost of industry's rapid expansion across America. The medical community knows with certainty that people get sick when exposed to oil and petrochemicals, yet nothing is being done to protect our health.
The Limits of Political Suicide. My bet is that 2016 will be the last campaign in American history in which conservatives will reflexively ignore the economic interests of their voters by routinely attacking clean energy as a left-wing boondoggle.
Green Bonds. The world is currently on track to heat up the climate by six degrees, which would cause huge losses to the global economy. In order to avoid this, significant investments in low-carbon technologies are needed. But where should the cash come from?
6 Reasons the U.S. Should Step It Up and Lead on Climate. As the UN Climate Summit approaches and countries begin to reveal their reduction commitments for the 21st United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris in 2015, all eyes are on the United States and President Obama.
Mountain Lion Attacks 6-Year-Old. 
India's Smog Destroyed Enough Crops In A Year To Feed 94 Million People. 
No Big Deal, Just Two Deer Walking On The Golden Gate Bridge. 
Climate Change Threatens The Newest Prescription For Children. 
Yao Ming Vows To Put An End To Elephant Tusk Trade. 
Judge Throws Out Lawsuit Against Crude By Rail Terminal. 
Landscape Photo Contest Winners Capture Earth's Varied Beauty. 
ABC Hypocrisy. For decades, cats have been routinely rounded up and killed in shelters as fall guys for bird population declines. But the real reason bird populations are suffering is the same reason salmon populations are struggling
'Mutant' Wave Knocks Beach Crowd Off Their Feet. 
I Heard It Through the Grapevine. However improbable it might have seemed twenty, five, or even two years ago, Detroit could well be on the verge of a major turnaround that could make it one of the biggest success stories in urban America over the next decade.
By Air, Land And Sea, The Military Is Going Green To Save Lives And Money. The military isn't going green for fun or for positive public relations -- they're doing it because it saves lives and money. The fact is, oil markets are global, no matter the origin of the product. This means, for every $10 rise in the price of a barrel of oil, it costs the Department of Defense an additional $1.3 billion -- more than the entire procurement budget of the Marines.
This Rescued Mink Just Discovered The Joy Of Being In Water. 
How Climate Change Could Affect Your Breakfast. The choices we make in our day-to-day life do matter and can play a major role in slowing climate change. Maybe it's time to reevaluate the food we're eating and make simple changes to fight for a healthy future.
Joan Rivers' Animal Evolution. Joan Rivers had a barbed tongue but she also had a soft spot for animals. Despite her penchant for wearing fur, Joan always appreciated PETA's efforts.
Indian Court Bans Animal Sacrifice. 
Aboard the Hokule'a. Hokule'a is a twin-hulled canoe, or vaka, based on the ancient design of open-ocean Polynesian voyaging canoes. Millennia ago, Polynesians sailed across thousands of miles of ocean and settled the many islands of the Pacific in canoes just like this.
These Energy-Saving Steps Save More Than Fuel (Think CO2 And $$$). Many consumers are under the generally false impression that adopting 'green' (i.e., energy efficient) technologies is beyond their financial reach. And especially during these economic hard times, even the suspicion that something will cost more is enough to deter its purchase.
The New Field Of Dreams. I've said it before, and I'll say it again
10 Reasons The Wilderness Act Was One Of The Best Ideas Ever. 
Fasten Your Seat Belts. The turbulent economics of low carbon energy are poised to ride roughshod over everyone's expectations and transform the conventional dynamics of climate policy. A phase shift is occurring -- and like a spring melt, what follows will be wild and unpredictable.
Being Mad As Hell For The Clean Energy Revolution. 
'Bucket Bear' Is Now Free!. 
Australia To Scrap Plan For Dumping Near Great Barrier Reef. 
What Makes a Sustainability Certification System Successful?. Although validating the legitimacy of a sustainability certification system is a huge task, the basic operations of such a system can assist in determining whether or not it will earn success and credibility in addressing the environmental and social issues it is taking on.
Saving Our Birds. 
Creating a Chemically-Free Home Is Easier and Cheaper Than You Think. Have you noticed how laboratory-made cleaning fumes are marketed as being able to wipe out any offending bacteria or germ?  All you need to do is take a trip down the cleaning aisle of your local supermarket to see how many different products there are to choose from.
Meatless Monday. You don't have to go old school like me, though. Go for an abundance of whole grain products including cereals, pastas, pilafs, breads, muffins and more.
Isaiah Cooper Shares Life On The Appalachian Trail. 
Legal Case. 
Oil Industry's Image Is Tarnished in Louisiana, Green Activist Says. 
Climate Change This Week. Looking above at recent temperature anomalies,  much of the US is cooler than normal, but the eastern Pacific warm spot continues to prevent much rain from reaching California, which is hotter than normal.
California Plastic Bag Ban Would Be First In The Nation. 
When the Levee Breaks. Earlier this month a tailings dam designed by Knight Piesold at the Mount Polley copper mine breached, dumping up to 10 million cubic meters of heavily contaminated water into surrounding streams, rivers and lakes in British Columbia. The plan for the Pebble mine in southwest Alaska calls for three earthen dams, all similar in design to the one that just broke.
Protestors Hold Candlelight Vigil For Hawaii's Solar Industry. 
Climate Crisis a Public-Health Emergency Too. For registered nurses the climate crisis is a clear and present public-health emergency as well as a creeping bomb for our planet -- and they draw a direct link between extreme forms of energy extraction and the horrific impacts they see on human health.
The Beautiful Rock Formations Of Goblin Valley. 
California Oil Industry Now Required To Disclose Water Use. 
No New Oil Drilling In Our Oceans. Drilling means spilling. True recovery after a devastating oil spill is a myth spun by Big Oil.
35-Year 'Megadrought' May Threaten Southwest Within Century, Study Finds. 
Small Island Developing States Take Up a Gigantic Challenge. For a large number of SIDS, the first four days of September could become the launch pad for new sustainable development paths. With the proper support from donors and technical assistance agencies, the Samoa conference may very well be all that is needed to unleash the true potential of these global gems of the ocean world.
WATCH. 
State Dept. Overseers of Contentious Enbridge Tar Sands Pipeline Workaround Have Industry, Torture Ties. 
Defang Agriculture. My long experience with pesticides, agriculture, and the environment has convinced me we must defang agriculture. Ban most of its biocides. Keep some pesticides for emergencies. But these chemicals are not necessary to produce food. Organic farming is a proof of that.
A Field Guide to Sustainabillies. Most of us know a sustainabilly. The urban pickle canner, the suburban farmer, the home brewer, and the off-the-grid craftsman come to mind. However, I am finding that the term sustainabilly needs a bit of refinement in our modern age of specialization.
One More Thing I Won't Eat (and Why). Love tuna? Well, it's pretty much extinct thanks to the insatiable human appetite for sushi. Scared of sharks? No problem, we've killed almost all of them.
Microplastics. The use of plastics in our daily lives has grown drastically over the last several decades. It is difficult for us to function without using plastics in some form. Think about our annual use of nearly 300 million metric tons.
New Material Could Turn Cell Phones, Windows Into Solar Power Generators. 
Skateboarders Turn Damaged Street Into Ramp After California Earthquake. 
PHOTOS. 
4 Sharks Spotted Circling Swimmers. 
Strong Earthquake Rocks California. 
Six Critically Injured, 120 Treated At Napa Hospital Following 6.0 Earthquake. 
Photos Show Damage Following Napa Earthquake. 
Elephant's Unexpected Death Fans Debate Over Animal Captivity. 
Climate Change This Week. How unusual has the weather been? No one event is \caused\ by climate change, but global warming, which is predicted to increase unusual, extreme weather, is having a daily effect on weather, worldwide.
Ozone-Depleting Emissions Not Stopped By Montreal Protocol. 
This Is Not An Optical Illusion; It's A Massive Cloud Of Jelly Creatures. 
WATCH. 
Famous Owl Found Dead In Minnesota. 
That Super Creepy Thing Some Pet Stores Are Doing Behind Your Back. 
The Climate Post. 
Protect Santa Barbara's Coastline From New Oil Drilling. In recent years, oil and gas developers have been agitating for the first new lease for off-shore drilling in California waters since before the Santa Barbara oil spill. And where the project would be located? You guessed it
Hot And Getting Hotter. 
Court. A U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia has ruled that Enbridge's 600-mile-long Flanagan South Pipeline, a Keystone XL \clone,\ is legally cleared to proceed opening for business in October.
Vandana Shiva's Crusade Against Genetically Modified Crops. 
WATCH. 
Art in Aspen? Looks an Awful Lot Like Wildlife Exploitation. The Aspen Art Museum in Colorado is hosting a controversial exhibit from Chinese artist Cai Guo-Qiang featuring three African sulcata tortoises, each affixed with a pair of iPads stuck directly to their massive shells.
How One Pit Bull-Loving Grandmother Is Taking On Her Entire Town. 
Chinese Coal Consumption Just Fell for the First Time This Century. It looks like the smart money in China has long realized what the data is now showing
Taking Up Arms Where Birds Feast On Buffet Of Salmon. 
Investor Call. In a recent quarter two call for investors, Enbridge Inc executives said the company's \Keystone XL\ clone -- the combination of the Flanagan South and Seaway Twin pipelines -- will open for business by October.
The Right to Know Reader. Of the 80,000-plus chemicals that have been approved to be on the market in the United States, approximately 17,000 are \secret.\ If you believe that our current laws and regulations protect you and your family from all these chemicals, you are mistaken.
Hunting Outfitter Admits Injuring Wild Cats To Make Hunts Easier. 
Thanks To Shark Sanctuaries, We Get To Enjoy And Explore Scenes Like These. 
Barbuda Sets a New Standard for Marine Protection in the Caribbean. Earlier this week the Barbuda Council signed into law a sweeping set of new ocean-management regulations that zone the coastal waters, strengthen fisheries management, and establish a network of marine sanctuaries.
'No Blue, No Green' -- New Sylvia Earle Film Shows Power of Protecting Our Oceans. In a beautiful new film released this Friday on Netflix, oceanographer and explorer Sylvia Earle describes her underwater adventures. She also explains why she is driven to protect wild oceans the way we now protect wild lands.
No One Knows How Bad Fracking Is For Animals -- And That's A Problem. 
Republican Politician Says Fracking Is Okay, Burning Water Is Natural. 
Paddle Into History in the First Los Angles River Boat Race. Still can't imagine a race in the L.A. River that doesn't involve cars, motorcycles and a film crew? Too strange to be true?  Here is more about the race from George Wolfe, the founder and president of L.A. River Expeditions, the event organizer.
WATCH. 
Koko The Gorilla Mourns Robin Williams' Death. 
This Is Why 'ThroPro' Should Be A More Popular Thing Already. 
Antarctica Has One Totally Unexpected Secret. 
Predators, Prey, and the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It is particularly worrying that a previously leaked chapter of the TPP includes only very vague references to shark finning -- not the full ban on shark finning and associated trade that we need.
Sharks Winning Shark Week. With so few opportunities left to maintain pristine wilderness on this planet, we must seize this chance or risk losing it forever.
Global Policy Needed to Keep Sharks in Our Oceans. There is weak international governance of our oceans. The fragmented nature of ocean governance is a challenge that needs to be overcome in order to protect sharks on the global scale.
Who's Cool?. In addition to committing to renewable energy and divesting from dirty fuels, colleges and universities can use their influence to advocate for statewide policies that will bring more clean energy online.
Oceanic Coal Pollution, Epic Rate. Each year, the lion's share of mercury poison comes from burning more than 8.3 billion tons of coal to provide energy for electricity grids. As a result of this insatiable addiction to coal, mercury toxicity has tripled in our oceans to over 80,000 tons of poison. Eighty-four percent of fish tested are laced with methyl-mercury.
Climate Change This Week. 
These Lions Are So Pro-Lion They Interrupt Their Own PSA. 
Just How Dangerous Are Thunderstorms?. 
14 Of The Most Striking Crater Lakes On Earth. 
This Woodchuck Had A Bad Day, But It Got Better. 
ExxonMobil Starts Drilling For Oil In Russian Arctic. 
Top 5 Ways to Save Our Elephants From Extinction. World Elephant Day is recognized on August 12, an appeal to all global citizens to help conserve and protect elephants from the numerous threats they face. A few days after learning of the death of Satao I met up with beloved scientist and conservationist Dr. Jane Goodall to discuss the elephant crisis.
Chemical Industry Manipulations Fail to Change Scientific Fact. The verdict is in... again! Formaldehyde is a known human carcinogen. This is not earthshaking news or even news, but apparently Congress felt it was worth a million of your tax dollars to confirm what has been a scientific fact for nearly a decade
Ecover, Come Clean About Using Extreme Genetic Engineering in Your Products. Following in the footsteps of the chemical industry, the synthetic-biology industry is rushing its untested products to market before there is any regulation, oversight or even scientific understanding of the impacts this technology could have on ecosystems and human health.
This Is How Mice Ask To Open The Door. 
The Great Dog Migration Saved This Pup's Life. Here's How You Can Help Save More. 
Talking on Sunshine; WX GEEKS, the Weather Channel's New Sunday Show. All weather talk is good talk as far as I am concerned. It is also human talk. Checking the forecast on multiple platforms is an American pastime, but staying around to discuss the weather on any platform is a different thing altogether.
Is Toxic Algae Good for You?. The effort to produce algae biofuels has been underway for many, many years, though you wouldn't know it given that there are still virtually none being produced at commercial scale. The hype about making \cheap, abundant fuels with nothing but sunlight and water\ remains in spite of the reality on the ground.
At the American Renewable Energy Day Summit, a Call to Accelerate Solutions. Can we truly speed up the world's transition to clean tech? Can America's splintered right and left find common ground on the climate debate? What is the best way forward for America to achieve energy security? Can the green sector really create jobs and economic opportunity?
Cargo Ships In California Slow Down To Protect Blue Whales. 
Take It from the Pacific. We've learned that we cannot solve the climate crisis by staying at home -- we've got to get out, stand up and peacefully fight back. In our case, the target has been clear from the very beginning
9 Gorgeous Houses That Prove Your Dream Home Is Also A Green Home. 
#DirtyDenier$ Day 5. It's not just dirty money that earns Congressman Shimkus today's Dirty Denier award, it's his opposition to reducing dangerous carbon pollution.
What Are the Benefits and Costs of EPA's Proposed CO2 Regulation?. The Obama Administration's proposed regulation of existing power-sector sources of CO2 has the potential to be cost-effective, and if you accept these numbers, it can also be welfare-enhancing, if not welfare-maximizing.
Small Modular Reactors. Now that the \nuclear renaissance\ is dead following the Fukushima catastrophe, the nuclear corporations will not accept defeat. Their new strategy is to develop small modular reactors (SMRs), allegedly free of the dangers inherent in large reactors. But their claims are fallacious.
Can We Prevent Another Toledo Water Crisis?. 
This Adorable Baby Sea Lion Needed Help, So It Hopped On A Surf Board. 
How Hawaii Is Prepping For Back-To-Back Hurricanes. 
Here's What We Know About The Storms Hitting Hawaii (LIVE UPDATES). 
Animal Welfare and Palm Oil in Products We Buy. While it is great to see all these multinational palm oil producers making the pledge to protect forests for the sake of wild animals, how would one know at the retail level which products use palm oil from these producers?
WATCH. 
Now Is America's Moment to Assert Itself as a Solar Superpower. With the current domestic natural gas boom serving as a bridge to this solar future, the United States has a chance to claim its role as a \solar superpower.\ But we must first recognize the need for a course correction in our industrial policy.
Ebola Has Happened in the U.S. and It Could Happen Again If We Don't Address the Root Causes. Although it's too late to prevent the current epidemic in West Africa, perhaps we can prevent another one if we take a moment to look at how Ebola and many other infectious diseases arrive on our doorstep in the first place
On World Lion Day, Let's Celebrate the Lions That Made Us Who We Are. A hundred years ago we think there were over a million lions. When I was born, maybe 450,000 lions roamed these plains. Today we niggle over if there are 20,000 or 35,000 lions left and forget to look over our shoulders at history.
How ALEC Fronts for Fossil Fuels. Even as the Environmental Protection Agency finally attempts to limit carbon dioxide pollution from coal plants, it is meeting resistance at the state level, thanks to a secretive campaign by the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).
Roger Pielke, Jr. leaves FiveThirtyEight, and What It Means for Changing the Media on Global Warming. Our efforts aren't about shutting down debate. Quite the opposite. We're asking for a more robust debate that begins with an accurate accounting of the facts and greater accountability when things go wrong.
Still No Drinking Water In Ohio's 4th Largest City. 
Endangered Seal Pup Found Dead After Apparent Dog Attack. 
Climate Change This Week. How unusual has the weather been? No one event is \caused\ by climate change, but global warming, which is predicted to increase unusual, extreme weather, is having a daily effect on weather, worldwide.
Be Prepared for Extreme Weather. It is important that our national government exercise leadership to improve the resiliency of the entire nation in the face of continuing extreme weather.
LOOK. 
These 75 New York-Area Pit Bulls Are Looking For Forever Homes. 
Avoiding Extinction on the Goldilocks Planet. Like the dinosaurs, we and our fellow denizens of Earth may become the amber curios of a future civilization that ponders how species once so prevalent came to such a swift demise.
State Department's Real Errors in Keystone XL Review. Why is the State Department seemingly so convinced of the inevitability of tar sands by rail when oil traders themselves are much more cautious?
You'll Never Ignore Another Flash Flood Warning After Watching This. 
Arrest of Forest Rights Activists Symbolic of What's Wrong in India. Local authorities are trying to intimidate people to cater to the interests of corporate giants, but it does not end there.
WATCH. 
It's Time to Take this Poisonous Plastic Out of Our Oceans. Despite its status as one of the most hazardous consumer products ever created, PVC and its associated chemical additives are managed in much the same way as food scraps and grass clippings after disposal.
Clean Power Plan Leads to Healthy Kids. This plan doesn't just slash that dangerous carbon pollution, but it recognizes the enormous economic potential in action -- potential that will mean a better future in Georgia.
6 Essentials For A Trash-Free Lunch. Going green at school is a great way for your child to make a difference and set an example for others.  Classmates will likely be green with envy at all the cool waste-free lunch goodies.
Watch This Beautiful King Cheetah Give Birth To Four Cubs. 
What's To Be Afraid of? Congress Talks GMOs with Biotechnology Proponents. The voices of GM proponents in academia and small-scale agriculture tend, more often than not, to be drowned out in the food fight between grassroots environmental organizations and Big Ag.
#BecauseLove. Anybody who has lived with cats or dogs knows this and knows it for certain
One Woman + 40 Years Of Pit Bulls = A Great Big Lesson In Love. 
Taiwan Follows in the Scientific Footsteps of Florida State Park. In 2009 two Taiwanese national-park employees arrived at my doorstep in Sarasota, Florida, determined to learn everything about the canopy walkway built in nearby Myakka River State Park. This unique treetop walkway has not only inspired research discoveries but doubled (or even tripled) visitors to the park.
What City Dwellers Want, and Why It Matters. American city dwellers place a high value on their cities' food offerings, from restaurants to farmers' markets.  We also love historic buildings and good public spaces.  Traffic, not so much.
Meatless Monday. Beans, I say. Beans, beans, beans -- chickpeas, black beans, flageolets, lentils, any kind of dried beans you like. Also known as legumes on this side of the Atlantic and pulses in the UK, they're a cheap vegan's go-to source for plant-based protein, fiber and a wealth of phytonutrients.
Grizzly Bear Takes A Swing At This Guy's Camera. 
These Puppies Rolling Down Hills Are Like Little Kids Playing. 
Clearcutting the California Dream. 
Com\u00fan Tierra. They have spent the past four years creating a body of work that is unparalleled in this area, planting seeds of sustainability as they go with their workshops and seed bank and presentations.
Storage Shines in Solar Sector. It is clear that the solar industry has entered a bright new phase of solar-related storage market and application development. Its versatility and adaptability is a major factor.
8 Exotic Destinations That Are Part Of The U.S.. 
Another Reason Why Cutting Pollution Is Essential To Future Generations. 
Bees At The Brink. 
In Foreclosure-Ridden Florida, 'Zombie' Swimming Pools Add To Mosquito Woes. 
How Frustration And Inaction Color EPA's Efforts To Enforce The Clean Water Act. 
How Ignoring Climate Change Could Sink The U.S. Economy. 
5 Ways to Be a Sustainable Traveler. The story is all too familiar to those who have seen their own quaint slices of paradise transformed to huge international hotel developments, taking over prime beach areas and hurting the cultural and natural resources that drew the giants there in the first place.
Innovation Earth. NASA has laid out some pretty sci-fi sounding plans for the next 20 years of space travel, but a more critical mission -- at least for the sustainability of human life here on earth -- may be the one it launched in Mountain View, California, just over two years ago.
The GMO Authority. 
PHOTOS. 
103,000 Gallons Of Sewage Poured Into Popular Surf Spots. 
EPA Takes the Next Critical Step Toward Protecting Wild Salmon and Stopping the Massive Pebble Mine. Last Friday, the U.S. EPA formally proposed limitations that would block the massive, ill-conceived Pebble Mine projectThis action by EPA is a critical step toward protecting Bristol Bay's salmon from the inevitable devastation that a large-scale mine would cause.
Three Images That Illustrate the Challenge of Life on a Managed Planet. Earlier this year, the U.S. Climate Assessment warned of parched prairies and flaming forests if we don't reel in climate change right now.
Aussie Households Go Solar. Australia's household solar revolution has caught the government-owned electricity sector by surprise. More than one million Australians have already installed solar panels on their rooftops. It has caused demand for electricity from the grid to plummet.
\You Want Clean Air? Well, Screw You.\. We are ALL complicit in fossil fuel fortunes, whether we are middle class or mega wealthy. We have all benefited, enormously, from the cheap and abundant and reliable power that has come of oil and coal.
Fossil Fuel Transport Leads to a Crude Awakening. The railways need to learn from the Exxon Valdez spill and put in place preventive measures to protect the environment before we see the rail equivalent of a Valdez disaster.
Would You Like Flame Retardants With That Couch?. 
Ag-Gag Laws Are Un-American and Unconstitutional. Ag-gag laws violate the will of the American people, and they contradict American values as enshrined in our Constitution. Animal agriculture should be working to eliminate cruelty to animals, not the investigations that expose it.
How Oil And Gas Firms Gained Influence And Transformed North Dakota. 
Why Clif Bar Must Disclose the Origins of Its Cocoa. On African cocoa farms, children are frequently forced to work from 6 a.m. until the evening. They're made to live in windowless sheds and subjected to beatings and whippings for working slowly or attempting to escape.
Meatless Monday. 
Changing How We Share Sustainability Ideas. 
A Carbon Tax That Can Rise from Australia's Ashes. As the post-mortems arrive to determine the cause of death for Australia's carbon tax, a couple of questions emerge
Fracking Waste Affecting Water Supply In Dry California. 
As Clean Energy Goes Mainstream, Leadership Is Squarely Focused On States and Cities. The recently released 2014 U.S. Clean Tech Leadership Index from Clean Edge, the research and advisory firm where I am senior editor, finds the U.S. clean-tech market making impressive strides in many areas, while still hampered by inaction and inertia in others.
Happy Birthday, Snooty!. 
6 Ways to Reduce Plastic Waste This Summer. As a community committed to building a better tomorrow, we should consider two things
Have Some Fish With Your Plastic. If you needed a reason for your family to become vegetarian, I suggest that you take this latest staggering ocean discovery to heart and make the switch now.
The Future of U.S. Energy. 
Federal Scientists Ordered to Drop Proposal to Protect Wolverines. Just as we did with bald eagles, peregrine falcons, sea turtles and grizzlies, we have a legal and moral duty to protect wolverines, remarkable survivors able to sniff out carrion buried beneath several feet of snow.
Coke Is Paying Expat Employees To Deal With Pollution. 
Think Big, Act Now for Nature. Innovation, persistence, and an attitude of mutuality in the midst of intense sociological and political resistance is the key to creating more large-scale natural places that people will visit and cherish for hundreds of years into the future.
Endangered Florida Forest Lands To Be Bulldozed For A Walmart. 
Ex-Im Bank's Role in Supporting Clean Energy. At a time when clean energy markets around the world are growing swiftly and offer opportunities for U.S. exports, the Ex-Im bank plays a critical role in project financing for renewable energy projects.
How To Feed More People Without Wrecking The Environment. 
Google Takes On Rogue Methane Emissions. 
Lightning Strikes Empire State Building During Intense Thunderstorm. 
What Mad Men Can Teach Us About Renewable Energy. 
Six Surprises About the State of the American Farm. A few early-summer visits to the local farmers market are usually all it takes to turn us into cheerleaders for the American farm. But if you really want to know about the current state of farming in the U.S.A., you'll need some real, hard facts.
Petitioners Unite To Save 'World's Saddest Bear' From Argentine Zoo. 
Dogs Pose Majestically Beneath A Double Rainbow, Prompt Thoughts About Love, Nature, And Politicians. 
Building on Success. Policymakers in Washington today may stand divided on party lines over a whole host of issues, but management of our oceans doesn't need to be one of them.
What You Don't Know About Animals Could Kill You. 
Mall Debuts Pet Patrols To Save Dogs Trapped In Hot Cars. 
There Was a 'High Line' Before the Famous Elevated Park in NYC. New York's City's hugely successful and justly celebrated High Line wasn't the first elevated urban railroad bed to be converted into a much-loved linear park.
2 Fatal Lightning Strikes In 2 Days At Park. 
World Cup vs. Planet Earth. As I watch the frenzied World Cup competition approach its apex, I cannot help but wonder why human beings are more interested in kicking balls around a field than they are in the fact that our activities have bought us a one-way ticket to extermination.
Hints Of Hope Emerge In Deadly American Bat Plague. 
11 Islands With Amazing Biodiversity. 
LOOK. 
Horse Dies In Freak Highway Accident. 
Is Organic Produce Better For You? Study Says 'Yes'. 
Wasted Cash in the US Fishing Industry. What if you heard that other fishermen were unintentionally catching large numbers of vulnerable marine animals like dolphins, whales, and sea turtles -- damaging gear and hurting their own bottom lines? Waste on this scale occurs every day in many U.S. fisheries, hurting both fishermen and marine life.
This Is How An Oil Spill Could Cause Disaster For The Great Lakes. 
Somewhere In Brooklyn Right Now, There Is A Pregnant Tarantula On The Loose. 
Will Congress Heed Charla Nash's Message?. After being called to help calm her boss' adult male pet chimpanzee Travis at home, Charla Nash suffered a disfiguring attack from the powerful 200-pound animal that left her barely alive.
It Could Be Worse, It Could Be China. There is an open window for smart planning that can go a long way in protecting the values of national parks from damage caused by unplanned or badly planned oil and gas development on neighboring BLM lands. But this window won't remain open long.
Still No El Ni\u00f1o; Long Wait Continues. 
Elephants Protect Their Young As Air Raid Siren Sounds. 
REPORT. 
Rescuers Work Tirelessly To Save Beached Humpback Whale Calf. 
Howling for Wolves and Voting Rights in Michigan. It's a sad circumstance when lawmakers and their allies in the trophy-hunting community try to squelch the voting rights of citizens, in their zeal to kill animals who are rare, who've harmed no one, and who have a rightful place in this great state.
U.S. Declares 'Critical Habitat' Protection For Loggerhead Turtles. 
Overcoming Obstacles to Agroecology. The silence surrounding agroecology is profoundly disturbing. Proposals for \sustainable intensification\ or \climate smart\ GMOs can only be peddled as answers to the problems of hunger and global warming by studiously avoiding agroecological science and practice.
Here's How One Family Pet Beat A Town's Pit Bull Ban. 
What Every Dog Owner Should Know About Dog Poop. 
Japan Confirms Whale Hunt Will Resume In 2015. 
Dairyland to Petrostate. DeSmogBlog is publishing the first documents ever obtained from the Wisconsin government revealing routes for oil-by-rail trains in the state carrying oil obtained via hydraulic fracturing (\fracking\) in the Bakken Shale basin.
'Green News Report' - July 8, 2014. 
Woman Goes On All Pet Food Diet For 30 Days. 
Goats Defy Gravity With Beautiful Man-Made Towers. 
World Antibiotic Market In Dire Need Of Changes. 
Climate Change This Week. 
Anti-Environmentalists' Appalling New Tactic. 
U.S. Reverses Proposal To List Wolverine As Threatened Species. 
25 Animal Pals Who Know What Friendship Is All About. 
Lac Megantic Remembers Canadian Oil Train Disaster, One Year Later. 
Could This Plan Save The Endangered Florida Panther?. 
Third Party Certification Needed for Sustainable Tourism. International laws are often hard to enforce, and national laws don't usually address the day to day operations of a tourism business that makes it sustainable.
U.S. Is The Biggest Oil Producer In The World. 
Baby Raccoons Orphaned and Left on a Junk Pile. Most people think that a raccoon family that has moved in is here to stay, but in fact, Mama Raccoon and babies will leave together once the babies are old enough.
7 Tips For You And Your Dog This July 4th. 
Saving These Fish Could Save The Caribbean Coral Reefs. 
Obama Administration Announces Massive Climate Change Funding. 
Rise In Shark Attacks Expected This Summer, According To Experts. 
UN Climate Summit. The world has changed a lot since Copenhagen
The Buzz About Bees, Climate Change and Your Garden. From the fuzzy bumblebees that our children chase in the garden to the industrious honeybees that sweeten our herbal tea, bees have woven an essential place in nature's mosaic. But bees are now caught in the toxic web of our climate crisis.
Thorium. There is an extraordinary push by certain individuals to extol the wonders of thorium-fueled nuclear reactors. In fact, so concerted is this push that some blame me for preventing the ongoing expansion of such technology. So here are the facts about thorium for those who are interested.
Oil's New Manifest Destiny Stalks the Great Plains of North Dakota. The maps. It was initially all about the maps. But it is geography that unites and divides.
For The First Time, Chimpanzees Are Making A Fashion Statement. 
Divest or Double Down?. I witnessed pomp and circumstance at prep schools from Orlando to the Napa Valley and at colleges from Los Angeles to the Ivy League. The surprising topic at all of these cap-and-gown fests? Endowments divesting their holdings in fossil fuel companies.
The Other Big Legalization Battle. 
This July 4, Let's Pledge Allegiance to Nature, Too. Why do Americans so value nature?  There are probably as many reasons as there are Americans. With the start of summer, The Trust for Public Land is furthering the national movement to promote parks and open space by collecting testimonials for nature from men, women, and children nationwide.
Basis For EPA Clean Power Plan Cuts A 'Mystery'. 
Man Films Himself Confronting Officers After His Dog Was Shot. 
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
LOOK. 
The U.S. Throws Out $1 Billion Worth Of Unwanted Fish Every Year. 
Eradicate Pit Bulls?  Not Labrador Retrievers?. When you take up the cause of the so-called pit bull, you make a lot of charming friends. Particularly fetching is the person on Twitter who calls herself \Eradicate Pits.\
Climate Change This Week. Today, the Earth got a little hotter, and a little more crowded.
Target. 
Throwing a Wrench in the Climate Denial Machine. Denial is a waste of American ingenuity, talent and energy. If we want to remain competitive in the global economy, we should redirect our energies into making America great through conservation, innovation and education.
Ocean-Killers Plunder Northern Seas. Last year, the Icelandic government unilaterally increased its ocean-killing quota by authorizing death warrants for 770 endangered Fin, in addition to 1,145 Northern Minke whales, over the next five years.
Researchers Embark On Mission To Explore Hawaii's Newest 'Island'. 
North Dakota Oil-By-Rail Routes Published for First Time. Time around, due to the North Dakota Public Records Statute, Big Rail and Big Oil didn't get away with it.
California Falls Short on Water Conservation. It seems that California Governor Brown's January 2014 plea for 20 percent water conservation has done little to actually reduce consumption across the state.
North Omaha Residents Win Major Clean Air and Climate Victory. 
Your (Not So) \Bee-Friendly\ Plants. A new report shows that these very same pesticides are found in many of our backyard plants -- at levels of concern -- that are meant to support pollinators.
Who Comes First. We all have an idea of what we'd like life to be like with our dogs. Depending on our own lifestyle, we might need a dog to be social around kids, be athletic, dog-friendly, or any of a host of traits. But sometimes the dog we get is not the dog we want.
For the Ocean's Sake, Tame the High Seas 'Wild West'. Over the years, I have witnessed the steady decline of the dolphins that used to chase our boat, the fish that I could land, and the plentiful shellfish I took for granted. The oceans of my childhood have been overfished, polluted, and strewn with plastic waste.
Watch A Great White Shark Ruin A New Jersey Fishing Trip. 
Orangutans Are Starving In Borneo -- And Palm Oil Is To Blame. 
Last Month Was The Hottest May In Recorded History. 
Gone Too Long. With the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service moving toward dropping Endangered Species Act protections for grizzly bears that live in and around Yellowstone National Park, few Americans likely realize the bears occupy a mere 4 percent of their historic range in the lower 48 states.
California's Drought Is Getting Even Worse. 
Obama Establishes Task Force To Save Bees. 
2 More States May Give Abused Pit Bulls A Fighting Chance. 
When Is the Science Settled?. The first stage in planting doubt is to deny the evidence. When the evidence can no longer be denied, the second stage kicks in with its disingenuous claim
Protecting Our Air Is Protecting Our Oceans. Whether it be for actions taken by the EPA or the State Department, congratulations to the Obama Administration are due for leadership on both carbon emissions and marine conservation. Let these efforts be the first of many.
This Is What Adventure Looks Like. 
The ABCs of Ecosystem-Based Fisheries Management, Part IV. Our oceans are one of our nation's most valuable natural resources. And congressional leaders should capitalize on this opportunity by adding stronger protections for essential habitat that fish populations need to spawn and grow in a healthy marine ecosystem.
A Honey of a Smile. In recent years, bees have been under assault from pesticides, disease, unseasonably cold winters and the research-confounding Colony Collapse Disorder. And fighting the fight that keeps bees in our ecosystem are folks such as Liydia and Vladimir.
Don't Poison Me! A Big Win for Baby Owls (Like This One) and Other Wildlife. With luck, and with the successful implementation of the EPA regulations, no poisons will enter this owl family's food chain and this little owlet will grow up strong and healthy.
Here Are the Jobs!. Far from killing jobs, this policy would create jobs and protect lives. When House Speaker John Boehner asks, \Where are the jobs?\, advocates of market-based emissions-reduction policies can point to this study and say, \Right here!\
Not Standing Idly for Elephants in Peril. Poachers recently killed Satao, one of Kenya's best known elephants, whose tusks weighed more than 100 pounds each and reached all the way to the ground. A poison arrow felled Satao in Tsavo National Park, and his death was announced last Friday.
Off-Grid, Clean Energy Access Market Valued at $12 Billion. One in five people around the world, approximately 1.3 billion people, lack access to electricity.
Nissan Plants Almost 17,000 Red Spruces For Surprise Reddit Gift. 
The New North. 
Meet Some Of The World's Oldest Animals. 
The Magical World of Gardening. It's time to plant a garden. If you don't have one already, this is your moment. If you have one, maybe you could help others plant their own. You might find that you are nourishing your own life by nourishing another's.
Life Looked Bleak For This Baby Moose, But That Soon Changed. 
Eve of Extinction?. Evidence pointing to the reality of human caused environmental change is increasingly streaming through global media outlets and information sources.
LOOK. 
Africa Elephants 'Face Survival Threat' From Poaching. 
101 Hopeful Food Facts. The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) proclaimed 2014 the International Year of Family Farming. There are 500 million smallholder farms worldwide and more than two billion people in the world depend on them for their livelihoods.
Meeting Logs. When Richard Revesz introduced Howard Shelanski at his only public appearance so far, Revesz described Shelanski as, \from our perspective, close to the most important official in the federal government.\
Take A Look At The Best Animal Photos Of The Week. 
Oil Companies Eye Fracking Potential in St. Tammany Parish. Within a few months, New Orleans-based Helis Oil & Gas Co. hopes to explore a deep part of the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale play by drilling down 13,000 feet near Mandeville, La. Other companies are fracking shallower parts of the TMS deposit to the northwest.
'Shark Girl' Fighting To Save The Ocean's Top Predator. 
Feast Your Eyes On The Alien-Like Geysers Of El Tatio. 
Japanese Whale Poachers Masquerade Behind Thin Veil. In 200 years humans have slaughtered an astounding five million whales. All remaining populations are well below three percent of the early 1800s, but the ruthless 'War Against Whales' is set to resume in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary.
Dr. Kim of the World Bank Must Walk the Talk on Climate. The World Bank has not yet addressed climate issues systematically. Most notably, its Safeguard Policy framework does not require climate change risk assessments for Bank projects. This gap in policy has allowed the World Bank to continue financing projects with serious implications for our climate and to essentially ignore the issue completely.
Dog Washed Out To Sea Survives For Days On A Piece Of Driftwood. 
Why Are Some in Congress Content to Let Wind Industry Jobs Blow Away?. Clean energy enjoys strong, broad, bipartisan support. It's time to make more citizens aware of what their elected representatives are actually doing -- or not doing -- to support it.
'Pay-As-You-Go' Solar Companies Win National Geographic Terra Watt Prize. 
EPA Carbon Standards and Iowa. The proposal offers an opportunity for Iowa to continue to grow its booming wind sector and implement solar and energy efficiency to a greater extent, creating a more affordable, more independent, and cleaner electric system. In fact, Iowa is already on a path to meet the emissions reduction target set by EPA.
Awww. 
Mitch McConnell's Democratic Challenger, Allison Grimes, Is Wrong Too. Here's the truth
State Sen. Downing Pioneers a Fossil Fuel Divestment Strategy for MA Pension Fund. You've read the headlines. Whether it's the exponential melt of glaciers, declining crop yields, loss of biodiversity, super-storms powered by warming oceans, or the increasing vulnerability of drinking water supplies to contamination, we are living well beyond our means.
Solving California's Water Problems. Now, halfway through the second decade of the 21st century, we've hit the wall. California is in a drought -- some call it the third year of a drought, but it could also be called the 10th dry year out of the last 13. Even if next year brings some relief, our water problems will remain.
My Tofu, My App. Apparently standing opposite the vegan paradise I had reached is a horrible enemy -- genetically modified food.
Meatless Monday. 
5 Eco-conscious Sunscreens for Outdoor Adventures. The sunscreens on our list are chemical-free, protect against both UVA (skin cancer-causing) and UVB (sunburn) rays and are all under $25.
Mad Scientists, Monkeys and Boiled Rabbits!. 
Forget Climate Change Deniers - Insurance Companies Are About To Sue Towns & Cities Who Fail To Prepare For Climate Change. Insurance companies are saying they simply won't pay for the stubbornness of city planners who don't factor in the damaging effects of climate change. In fact, they're suing these towns and cities for failure to prepare for climate change.
New Study Shows No More Excuses to Reject Fee on Carbon. Beneath the hyperbolic rhetoric and pushback last week surrounding the new EPA regulations to limit carbon emissions is a fundamental truth that can no longer be ignored
These Are The Best Animal Photos Of The Week. 
USDA's Wildlife Services Killed 4 Million Animals In 2013. 
WATCH. 
WWII Soldiers' Bodies Washed Away By Rising Sea Levels. 
Bringing Climate Solutions Down to Earth. This week's announcement by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to cut carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants by almost one-third is a great step in the right direction. But global warming is not only caused by carbon dioxide. Climate change is a multifaceted problem that requires a multifaceted set of solutions.
How The New Carbon Rules Will Make The Red/Blue Divide Worse. 
Moms to EPA. Two activist groups want the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to recall Monsanto's Roundup, the most widely used herbicide/pesticide in the world. Now is the time to do it, they say, because the EPA is conducting a registration review of glyphosate, the key ingredient in Roundup.
Partners for the Future. I was honored to be invited to speak to the United Auto Workers in Detroit at their convention this week. Even though the Sierra Club and the UAW have been working together for years, some people don't know we're natural allies.
This Rescued Cub Is Unbearably Adorable. 
Why Are These Six States Defending Horrific Cruelty to Animals?. Battery cages are the cruelest of all factory farming systems, are illegal across the European Union. California should be celebrated, not sued, for taking a stand against these inhumane practices.
'Green News Report' - June 3, 2014. 
Biodynamic Farming. 
Cat Attacks Dog and Saves Child -- Was She Being Protective?. 
Meatless Monday. 
Will New Climate Regulations Destroy the Economy? (Hint. There is a long history of claims that new rules to protect the environment or human health will seriously harm the United States economy. These claims are political fodder, they are provocative, and they are always wrong.
WATCH. 
Remembering Our Mission. Yes, it's sad that we lost Peggy and Hershey, but their survivals were success stories. Peggy was given the chance to increase the genetic diversity of her species through the Species Survival Plan (SSP). Hershey was able to spend her final years running free as a wild cheetah thanks to CCF's rewilding program.
Take A Look At The Best Animal Photos Of The Week. 
Trans Borneo Challenge to Save Orangutans. The assault on nature is mostly from multi-national companies that regularly bribe government officials. Irreparable damage has occurred to priceless rainforests and millions of people are suffering.
This Ocean Art Is Beautiful And Horrifying At The Same Time. 
What Happens When You Build A Playground For Rescued Elephants?. 
ReThink Reviews. Night Moves definitely works as a tense, lo-fi psychological thriller. But the environmental dimension is what gives Night Moves its interesting moral dimension, as well as informing the unique world where the film takes place.
Is It Possible To Trust Food Companies?. Perhaps trust is just too romantic of an ideal in a complicated food system. I'd argue the opposite
A Price Tag On Carbon As A Climate Rescue Plan. 
Tiny, Risky, Unlabeled and You're Eating it. 
When a Two-Dog Home Turns Into Sophie's Choice. It's hard to make the decision to rehome a dog who hasn't done anything wrong, especially when there is a strong emotional attachment. Unfortunately, part of being a responsible owner is having to make the tough decisions that are for our dogs' own good, even if it causes us pain.
Peanut The Flying Pit Bull Really Loves Jumping Into Pools. 
Are The Terroir-ists Winning?. It's not just that a certain place consistently produces food that tastes the same.
''Green News Report' -- May 29, 2014. 
Emissions Without Borders. We can fence national boundaries with concrete and barbed wire, but unseen CO2 emissions are released into a border-less atmosphere. Right now, we are on track to triple these emissions by century's end.
Dan Barber Argues That Farm-to-Table \Is the Wrong Way to Think About the Future of Good Food\. Basically, it's time to change our entire eating and drinking paradigm.
WATCH. 
Fed Up. Is the food industry to blame for the increasing epidemic of obesity in our society today?
Understanding Environmental Policy. In addition to the positive steps of developing the new field of sustainability management, we will also need to implement an effective set of rules governing our interaction with our home planet's environment.
Meatless Monday. 
3 Missing In Colorado Mudslide. 
Realizing the Imagined Better by Connecting the Global City. Those politicians who love to quote Mandela, King and Gandhi, should not forget the responsibility of doing the imagined better, that comes with their message of love for all humans and whole humankind.  And me and you have a responsibility in that too. We're all the next generation.
WATCH. 
CO2 Levels Topped 400 PPM Throughout The Northern Hemisphere Last Month. 
First Named Hurricane Of The Season Forms Off Mexico. 
Buying Insurance Against Climate Change. 
\u2018A Government Of Thugs'. 
Rail Town Residents Fear Impacts Of Increased Oil Train Traffic. 
The Factory That Forged Me. Ironically, this is the first time I've toured this particular auto-assembly plant (which was first owned by General Motors; then by NUMMI, a joint venture between GM and Toyota; and now by Tesla), even though much of my understanding of innovation and sustainability comes from bird-dogging the evolution of this building over the years.
Gal\u00e1pagos. A few days after the cargo ship Galapaface I ran aground on the rocks off San Crist\u00f3bal Island, Gal\u00e1pagos, high tides strengthened by a full moon rotated the ship some 40 degrees, further damaging its hull and worrying the people involved in the salvage effort.
Life-Giving Deltas Starved by Dams. Our deltas are literally sinking, shrinking and in grave a peril, and some may not survive in the coming years. This will impact millions of people, major food producing regions as well as valuable ecosystems.
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
Starved for Power, New Indian Government Translates 'Chicken in Every Pot' Into 'Solar on Every Roof'. For a relatively small cost, the new Indian government could take a huge leap forward in addressing energy poverty. That leap could provide a path forward to a radical change in India's energy future from carbon-heavy to carbon-light energy production.
To Lead A Longer Life, Go With Your Gut. 
Battle of the Billionaires Shapes This Year's Midterm Elections. The Koch brothers, who have built up their vast fortune through oil, gas and coal, will battle to protect their fossil fuel interests. If they succeed, it would mark doom for Barack Obama's second-term green agenda.
Bees Dying Quickly From Neonics and Climate Disruption. The health of all bees is of paramount importance for our survival on Earth. Frighteningly, bees worldwide are terribly ill.
Safe Climate Caucus. There is no time to delay.  Earlier this month, our nation's leading climate scientists confirmed that climate change is real, is caused by humans, and is already harming communities across America.  They concluded that the scientific evidence is \unequivocal.\
WATCH. 
Investing in our 'AgGems' for Regional Vitality. For a fraction of the dollars moving through the virtual-tech world, the Bay Area's working landscapes could be permanently protected. And the clean air, water and foodsheds that we all rely upon could be safeguarded.
Frogs in a Warming Climate Pot. So far, we haven't had the will, and the sense of responsibility, to do what's often inconvenient in order to change the climate trajectory. Too many attempt to stay comfy in individual cocoons, avoiding action and seemingly unconcerned even about their own children, let alone their neighbors on this planet.
It's Been A Really Great Year For Poop Bags. 
How Rising Seas Could Sink Nuclear Plants On The East Coast. 
Years of Living Dangerously Takes On Climate Denial, Anti-Science Attacks on Climate Solutions. Those who understand the urgent need to address climate change are the optimists who see climate solutions as beneficial for our health and economic prosperity, while those who deny the problem or think there's nothing we can do about it are the pessimists. Nobody likes a pessimist.
Applying Brainpower to Address the Global Sustainability Crisis. We need to mobilize, on a war-like footing to save the planet and learn to produce enough goods and services to ensure environmentally sustainable economic growth.
This 40-Year-Old Advice Is Eerily Relevant Today. 
Major California Wildfire Mostly Contained. 
These Are The Best Animal Photos Of The Week. 
Outlasting Dynasties, Now Emerging From Soot. 
Climate Contrarians Cook Up New 'Controversy'. Recently, a somewhat obscure scientific journal rejected a paper. Somehow, that made the front page of the London Times and spawned a number of articles in the right-wing press. How in the world does a rejected manuscript warrant front-page media coverage? Here's how.
The Old Lady and the Sea. With nowhere to go and no way to pass the hours at SeaWorld, captive orcas often gnaw on the concrete and iron-bar tank separators, sometimes breaking their teeth and leaving the pulp exposed and painfully raw.
We Saved Antarctica... Or Did We?. Thirty years ago I led a campaign to save Antarctica. It was one of the best things I've ever done. It was enough for me to know that it was there, with its pristine beauty, incredible wildlife, and vast open expanses. I didn't need to see it to want to save it.
WATCH. 
Jane Kleeb vs. The Keystone Pipeline. 
Police Save Dog Stuck Neck Deep In Mud. 
Injured Sea Turtle Checks Himself In To Turtle Hospital. 
Big Investors Retreat From Fossil Fuels. Last week's news seemed to show the market moving towards an acceptance of climate change's negative impact on corporate earnings -- and a rejection of fossil fuel investments on purely financial terms.
How to Get America Back on Its Feet. What if there was a way to reduce the risk of many major diseases at the same time as helping improve your overall health, decreasing your weight and boosting your energy?
Climate Policy. Regulating or taxing carbon emissions is no longer a partisan or ideological issue -- it's a matter of business and investment, and of vital importance.
Happy Ending For Rescued Highway Pooch. 
The ABCs of Ecosystem-Based Fisheries Management -- Part III. According to some estimates, as much as 40 percent of fish caught around the globe is discarded at sea, dead or dying. We can't afford to continue this wasteful practice.
How USDA Rubber-Stamps 'Humane' and 'Sustainable' Food Claims. When a shopper spends their hard-earned money on meat that is labeled \humanely raised\ or \sustainably farmed,\ it's not unreasonable for them to assume that someone has validated the truthfulness of the claim. In fact, USDA is supposed to be doing it.
Environmental Justice and the \Science\ of Denial. I ask, though, how \free\ are we now as mining, oil and lumber companies lobby to exploit the land, and as legislators grant corporations enormous tax breaks and subsidies?
The Farallon Islands, USFWS, and Island Conservation's Tax-free Government Contracts. 
The Future of Energy in Turkey. What does the future look like? Will emissions keep climbing? How can a country like Turkey keep increasing the wealth of its citizens, yet also cut greenhouse gases?
One Glimpse Of These Baby Kit Foxes And You'll Be Hooked. 
How Low Will Summer Sea Ice Go? Ponds May Hold Key. 
50 Ways To Reuse Your Trash. 
WATCH. 
Meatless Monday. 
Climate Assessment Calls for Greenpeace Energy [R]evolution. Climate impacts are happening now, whether it's constant extreme weather alerts, droughts and wildfires in the West, or the melting Arctic leading to an extremely snowy winter in the South. But climate denialism continues to grip leaders in Congress.
Fighting Climate Change Will Require a Mom's Love. Mothers care about their children more than anything on earth, and we will do anything to ensure their well-being. But the escalating climate crisis threatens our children's current and future well-being, and it must be stopped.
Energy On-Demand. Since our energy demands are ever increasing, it is unlikely that current alternative energy sources are going to take over as a majority, and that is the problem. That is the energy crisis.
A Mother's Day Interview with Sen. Barbara Boxer        A Moms Clean Air Force Exclusive. Boxer is the mother of two children and the grandmother of four. I reached out to her for a Moms Clean Air Force Mother's Day exclusive interview.
St. Tammany Parish Residents Worry Fracking Will Harm Their Water. Frackers drill down many thousands of feet and then work horizontally. They inject water, sand or ceramic beads, and chemicals to create subsurface fissures. Oil and gas are extracted from those fissures. The water used rises back to the surface over time.
Tornado Damages Hundreds Of Homes In Missouri. 
How Large-Scale Solar Power Can Reduce Pressure On Farm Land. 
What Do You Know About The Colors Of Nature?. 
Climate Change This Week. How unusual has the weather been? No one event is \caused\ by climate change, but global warming, which is predicted to increase unusual, extreme weather, is having a daily effect on weather, worldwide.
WATCH. 
7 Astonishing Animal Moms. 
Bringing Sustainability to Life on Main Street. Context is everything
Hospice Veterinarians. 
Squeezing Water From a Rock. I recently returned from a place that comes just short of this ultimate alchemy -- Israel, a small strip of desert with no water or oil. Not an ideal place to build an agricultural oasis. But that is exactly what the Israeli water conservationists have accomplished.
State Becomes First To Require Labeling Of GMOs. 
WATCH. 
'Green News Report' - May 8, 2014. 
For First Time, TransCanada Says Tar Sands Flowing to Gulf in Keystone XL South. 
The Animals Of Chernobyl Have Reclaimed Their Homeland, At A Price. 
Little Baby Birds Flaunt Fancy Hats With The Utmost Sophistication. New born chicks give the cat in a hat a run for his money.
Protected Natural Area for Sale. Following its rediscovery the iguana became a flagship for conservation in the West Indies, and the focus of an international recovery program.
The Power of Our Food Choices. Our eating habits profoundly affect our individual health and well-being; our social, economic, and political systems; and our environment. Our future success as a species may hinge on our food habits.
Glacier National Park Without Glaciers?. The planet is warming; the question is how much we will be able to mitigate the consequences of this fact. Fighting to keep fossil fuels undrilled and working for large landscape conservation seem like good places to start.
Therapy Dog Has An Important Message For Bo And Sunny Obama. 
What Lies Beneath. Platform A is the site of infamous 1969 oil spill in Santa Barbara. Now, over 50 years later, when offered the opportunity to return to Santa Barbara to explore platforms A and C, Amber Jackson and I dove at the chance!
Great Lakes Governors Join Forces to Battle Invasive Species. For the first time ever, eight governors and two Canadian premiers -- separated by borders but connected by the Great Lakes-St. Lawrence River Basin -- signed a Mutual Aid Agreement to work together to fight aquatic invasive species such as Asian carp.
Restless Muse On Migrating Birds. We are learning of the unbelievable distances birds travel.
Puppy Mills and 101 Damnations. In January, an inspector from the U.S. Department of Agriculture found a four-week-old shih tzu puppy lying dead -- frozen solid -- in the outdoor portion of an enclosure of a puppy mill in Stover, Missouri -- the state with the notorious distinction of being the hub of the puppy mill industry.
The Meteoric Rise Of Carbon Dioxide In 1 Video. 
Finally, Neil deGrasse Tyson And 'Cosmos' Take On Climate Change. 
Take A Look At The Best Animal Photos Of The Week. 
Antarctic Ice Shelf On Brink Of Unstoppable Melt. 
Pit Bull Lovers Gather In Washington. 
Feds Say Hydropower Capacity Could Be Doubled In U.S.. 
Mini Horse Vs. Mini Sinkhole. 
Following the Money. 
Passionate Green. So now what? If we have truly found ourselves at the point in human history when we cannot avert environmental catastrophe, what should we be doing?
Toxic Chemical Bill Championed By Industry, Chided By Children's Health Advocates. 
New Documentary Reveals Secrets Behind An ExxonMobil Disaster. 
Cities In This State Have The Worst Smog. 
WATCH. 
Connecting Human Decisions With Wildlife Decisions. Often, planners, landscape architects, engineers, architects and other built environment professionals adopt ecological principles into their designs of regions, cities and individual developments. But do these designs function as originally intended?
Everything You Need To Know About The Light Bulb Ban. 
Climate Change and Children. Are we really still having these conversations? Surely it is time for all nations to commit to concerted action to combat climate change -- our world depends on it.
10 Must Have Products For Spring Green Cleaning. Whatever your choice, make sure you are keeping the inside of your home as healthy and natural as the outside.
Dispatch From Ethiopia. I've traveled to northern Ethiopia to work with locals on forest sustainability. As a conservation biologist, I'm one of Mother Nature's sleuths, trying to find, identify, and determine the health of this country's declining native trees -- before they completely disappear.
The Paper Tiger Gets Teeth. The move follows a series of internationally reported environmental horror stories from China over the past year, including epic levels of urban air pollution and tens of thousands of pig carcasses decaying in the local water supply.
Meatless Monday. 
Killer Pig Virus Wipes Out More Than 10 Percent Of Nation's Hogs. 
New Finding Reveals Gross Habit Of Hermit Crabs. 
WATCH. 
New Troubles at the Gates of Virunga. Virunga National Park is a unique asset that could, if utilized correctly, be an economic development engine. We believe it is important for the Congolese to chart a development path that benefits the majority, not a privileged few, and above all else, enforce its own laws.
Is the IPCC Government Approval Process Broken?. Several of the CLAs present with me in Berlin commented that given the nature and outcome of the week, the resulting document should probably be called the 'summary by policymakers,' rather than the 'summary for policymakers.'
California Governor Issues Second Drought Emergency Proclamation. 
How Well Do You Know Your Planet?. 
The Wrong -- and Right -- Solution For Feeding 9 Billion People. The five steps (freeze agriculture's footprint, grow more on existing farms, use resources more efficiently, shift diets, reduce waste) are all good technological fixes, none of which are terribly complicated. So if they are so great, why aren't we implementing them?
Drinking Beer Could Help Save This Adorable Red Panda. 
The Time for Wind and Solar Energy Is Now. Renewables are now a lot cheaper and better than they were when the last IPCC report came out seven years ago. It's time to put them to use.
The Bush Doctrine Comes to Oakland Courtesy of Chevron. Chevron continued its unprecedented campaign of attacking its critics last week when I was forcibly removed from a conference simply because I was affiliated with Amazon Watch. The excuse given for the outrageous step was that it was a preemptive act to prevent something they feared I might do.
Arrow The Cat Is Blind, Full Of Buckshot (Or BBs) -- And Finally Happy. 
Hazardous Science and Regulation at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. I worked for the U.S. EPA from 1979 to 2004, spending most of my time with the program dealing with pesticides. It did not take me long to figure out that the EPA was reeling from the scandal of the Industrial Bio-test Laboratory, IBT.
Meet Gotham Greens, An Incredible Addition To The Urban Farming Movement. 
Dangerous Tornado Threat To Arise From Texas To Nebraska This Weekend. 
Bridge Is No Match For Thawing River. 
The ABCs of Ecosystem-Based Fisheries Management\u2013Part II. 
Why It's Time To Dump The 'Filthy Chicken Rule'. Do you think any human can adequately inspect three birds every second to ensure they are free of feathers, feces, lesions, bile and other contaminants?
How Can Nuclear Science Promote Sustainable Development?. Earth Day 2014 provides an opportunity to look at what nuclear science and technology has done to establish sustainable development by improving health and the quality of life.
Happy Earth Day. We Just Reached Another Scary Climate Change Milestone. 
Earth Day Also Means It's Time For Nature Selfies. 
Looking to the Gulf of Mexico as a Model for Future Decommissioning of Oil Rigs in California. Rigs to Reefs, in which an oil company chooses to modify a platform so that it can continue to support marine life as an artificial reef, is rapidly becoming an issue of public concern, scientific study and policy debate.
Getting to the Soul of Our Connection to Nature. We all started rocking our shoulders and swaying our hips to a natural beat and rhythm among the trees which connected all of us, women and nature in a deeply, moving, spiritual experience with the natural surroundings
How Our Regulatory System Misjudges Pesticides and Risks Our Health. It's a plague hard to fight and hard to protect ourselves against -- in part because our regulatory system treats the chemicals as if they had rights; safe until proven guilty.
The One Thing to Remember on Earth Day. As the Club entered the 21st century, we realized that simply saving the places we loved wouldn't be enough. If we fail to address the threat of climate destruction, we could see much of the progress we have achieved -- John Muir's legacy -- undone.
Noah's Arc (of Justice). Unless you are the senior Senator from Oklahoma, work in Exon's PR department or have a brother named Charles Koch, the evidence of carbon-based climate damage is excruciatingly obvious, scientifically proven, and, like Easter bunnies in heat, mounting rapidly.
Lois Gibbs. Gibbs, a \homemaker,\ learned that her community's children were in mortal danger because the town's elementary school was built on a toxic dump -- 20,000 tons of chemical waste, to be exact.
Robert Musil's Rachel Carson and Her Sisters. Musil shows that, although Carson herself worked well with men, her deepest influences and relationships, her love of nature and science, and her influential contacts came from women.
Fossil Fuels Driving Global Weather. Chinese citizens are choking to death from coal pollution. Our coral reefs are rapidly dying from acidification due to burning coal. Our forests around the globe are dying from the unintended consequences.
Keystone XL Delay Could Give Boost To Obama's Political Base. 
Why We Need To Care More About Sherpas. 
Four Years Later, BP Oil Spill Still Taking A Toll On Louisiana Fisherman. 
What Big Oil Doesn't Want You To Know. 
Keystone XL May Wait on Nebraska, but Climate Change Waits for No One. 
Throwing Away Good Water. Folks, even if this guy is pissing out pure concentrated evil, rather than some basic minerals and organic chemicals, it's not going to have any effect on the water quality.
A Way of Life at Risk on the Anniversary of the BP Oil Spill. On April 20, 2010, an explosion on BP's Deepwater Horizon oil rig kicked off the largest offshore oil spill in U.S. history, as nearly five million barrels of oil spewed into the Gulf Coast over the next several months. Most of that oil is still there, and will be for years to come.
Sky Vets Perform Incredible Rescue To Save Wild Lioness (GRAPHIC VIDEO). Warning
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
Washington Mudslide Menacing Fabled Pacific Northwest Salmon, Trout River. The tribe - whose name means \the river people\ - welcomes the arrival of migrating fish in a \first salmon\ ceremony and
America's Exotic Pet Obsession Is Out Of Control (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Nearly two-thirds of Americans own at least one cat or dog, and that's considered an accepted cultural practice. But exotic
Time to Leave Our Bad Carbon Boyfriend. But break-ups happen all the time and we find ways to move on and survive. We make choices to make our lives better for the future. I think it is time to admit that as a society we need to break up with our bad boyfriend, carbon.
Landslide in Oso, Washington -- Don't Blame Nature and Acts of God for Reckless Logging. The 300-acre landslide in Oso, Washington, which killed at least 30 people and destroyed the local community on March 22, 2014, reveals a consequence of a relatively unregulated and unseen industry
Floating Farm City Harvests Icebergs For Hydroponics. Global warming could eventually help Greenland live up to its name, but the icy island won't transform into a lush, arable
You'll Never Look At A Giraffe The Same Way Again. Laughing Squid poked fun at the angle, writing that Barnard's camera \reveals a side of the great creature that is rarely
Don't Worry, Green Cars Don't Really Mean More Driving. From Mother Nature Network's Jim Motavalli
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
World Running Out Of Time To Stop Global Warming, UN Report Says. That would displace high polluting fossil fuels as the world's main energy source by mid-century. Such rises would sharply
Deadly Upper Big Branch Disaster Not Soon Forgotten In West Virginia. \u201cWhat we have seen is a conspiracy to violate mine safety and health laws,\u201d U.S. Attorney R. Booth Goodwin II told ABC News
How To Treat Poison Ivy, Naturally. From Mother Nature Network's Jennifer Nelson
American Forests' 'Big Tree Madness' Is A Bracket We Can Root For. Forget the best college basketball team in the country. We want to know where the true glory lies
If You Were An Orphaned Animal, You'd Want This Woman To Be Your Mom. Meet Margit Cianelli, a wildlife rehabilitator in Australia who provides her charges with the utmost care \u2014 including daily
Climate Change Threats To 'The Least Of These' Compel Evangelical Christians To Act. \Within the community, there are still some stark differences of opinion,\ said Anthony Leiserowitz, director of the Yale
Funerals Start For Victims Of Washington Mudslide As Search Continues For More Victims. In all, three individual memorial services were being held on Saturday, and a service for four victims was scheduled for
These Amazing Photos Will Make You Think Twice About Animal Deformities (PHOTOS). Balleng\u00e9e, whose research focuses on population declines and causes of deformities in amphibians, has been collecting these
Baby Porcupine Rescued From Dead Mother's Womb After Car Accident (VIDEO). A Maine man went to look for mushrooms, but instead, came home with something much cuter and charismatic. Jared Buzzell was
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
China's War On Smog Sparks Conflict Between Beijing And Polluting Hebei. Hebei, which surrounds Beijing in the country's north, was home to seven of China's 10 most polluted cities last year. Researchers
Can There Be a Positive Prognosis for Climate Negotiations?. International negotiations continued under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The two most important countries in terms of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions -- China and the U.S. -- engaged in a war of words.
'Ooho,' Tiny Edible Water Blob, Could Be A Major Solution To Plastic Bottle Waste (VIDEO). From Mother Nature Network's Bryan Nelson
Hawaii's White Sand Beaches Are Made From Parrotfish Poop. Parrotfishes, or uhu in Hawaiian, are key players in regulating algae and reef life. Their parrot-like beaks and fused-together
Rachel Carson's Legacy. Today, fifty years after Rachel Carson's death from breast cancer in the spring of 1964, Carson's influence is intense, her legacy a living one. She continues to be attacked by right-wingers like Rush Limbaugh who hope to tarnish her reputation and hence her political heirs.
Fracking Boosts U.S. Oil To 10 Percent Of Global Supply. The U.S. now contributes more than 10 percent of the total global crude oil supply as of the end of 2013, a result of the
Lady Gaga Has Nothing On These Bizarre Marine Worms. Marine zoologist and photographer Alex Semenov has a talent for capturing extraordinary portraits of underwater life, and
Earth Hour 2014. You can see what your country is planning for Earth Hour here, and if you think you're a \super hero for the planet,\ enter
Rigs to Reefs. Our project involves diving on oil platforms off the coast of California  and in the Gulf of Mexico to visually document the current state of the ecosystems that grow on and around the platforms. We are working to interpret the essential principles and fundamental concepts of the Rigs-to-Reefs program.
This Baby Kangaroo Just Wants Some Personal Time, Okay?. We've all snapped when our personal bubble gets invaded, so we get it baby kangaroo. These adorable joeys -- named Gladys
Climate Change Will Disrupt Food Supplies, Slow Economies, Cause Irreversible Damage, IPCC Finds. Only 40 percent of Americans and 39 percent of Chinese view climate change as a major threat, according to a Pew Research
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
California Lowers Requirements For Organic Label Under Drought Conditions. During that time, \u201corganic ruminant livestock producers \u2026 are not required to graze or provide dry matter intake from pasture
Students Are Now Competing Across Continents to Reduce the Most Emissions, and Waste, in Their Schools. What began in 2003 in one school as a campus-wide energy conservation competition to raise awareness about energy consumption is now being used as a successful tool for schools and entire districts to meet strict energy savings targets.
As Listener And Saleswoman, E.P.A. Chief Takes To The Road For Climate Rules. BEULAH, N.D. \u2014 Gina McCarthy was deep in enemy territory. Here on this wind-whipped prairie pocked with strip mines, Ms. McCarthy
There's No Business Like the Waste Business. In 2010, Water For People set out to support small scale entrepreneurs to be in a position to solve this problem for customers in Blantyre. One of these was a man named Matthias John.
When Water Scarcity Becomes Personal. Like many Syrian refugees fleeing the civil war in their country, Sabeen has found another crisis in Jordan
Will Ferrell And Robert Redford Create Incredible PSA To Help Save The Colorado River (VIDEO). From Mother Nature Network's Michael d'Estries
9 Amazing Macro Photos Of Insects. The U.S. Geological Survey is outdoing itself on Flickr with more phenomenal photos showing every detail of these tiny critters
'Voyage Of Discovery' Explores Climate Change Through Science And Art (PHOTOS, VIDEO). \[The pieces] reflect the artists\u2019 responses to the transformation of land and sea -- the melting of glaciers and the thawing
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
As Paris' Smog Worsens, France Imposes Driving Restrictions, Makes Public Transit Free. PARIS, March 16 (Reuters) - France will introduce driving restrictions in Paris on Monday to tackle dangerous pollution levels
Cruise Ship Workers Appear To Throw Bags Of Garbage Right Into The Ocean (VIDEO). HuffPost was unable to confirm that the latest videos are of the same incident. \In light of the on-going investigation MSC
Wastewater Injection By Energy Companies Increases Risk Of California Earthquakes. Many of California's oil industry wastewater injection wells are near recently active fault lines, posing a risk of earthquakes
Nature Has A Promising Replacement For Hormone-Scrambling Plastics. As a result of rising concerns, BPA-free products have flooded the market. Javier Fernandez admits he's not a huge fan of
Who Protects the People Once Their Water's Been Poisoned?. All in all, the assault upon the water 300,000 West Virginians use to -- or used to use to -- drink, prepare food, wash themselves and their belongings may go unpunished.
Sustainable Tourism Education. It is an impressive attraction that houses over 100,000 animals, representing 500 species, in 10 million gallons of water.   When the Georgia Aquarium opened in 2005, it was the largest Aquarium in the world.
Miami Development Plans Stopped By Outcry Over Manatees. In 2012, a woman was arrested for \riding\ a manatee near St Petersburg on Florida's west coast, according to an official
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
Tree Kangaroo Joeys Play In Their Caretaker's House, Climb Furniture And Even Eat Spaghetti. Cianelli is very experienced, and has helped prepare young 'roos for the wild before. The rainforest is literally right in
Record Cold Digs Into Invasive Insect Population, But Won't Lead To Total Wipeout. Cold weather will continue into April but will not be as cold as experienced earlier this winter, AccuWeather.com Long-Range
The Japanese Can't Stop Eating Endangered Sea Mammals. Japan understandably loves sea mammals. After all, they're typically adorable and often intelligent. But what many people
Four New Man-Made Gases Found That Harm Ozone Layer, Scientists Say. The experts were trying to pinpoint industrial sources of tiny traces of the new gases, perhaps used in making pesticides
Snail And Tortoise Sweaters Really Do Exist, And They're Surprisingly Adorable (PHOTOS). Have you ever dreamt of dressing up your pet tortoise or snail? Now you can, and their outfits can be as creative as you
U.S. Armed Forces Sickened After Fukushima Meltdown Get Help From Online Fundraising. The fundraising program initially seeks to pay the costs of medical consultations, testing and treatments for 10 former service
Researchers. The team then recorded that \rumble,\ and played it to other elephants, who reacted similarly to the first group, as though
Wyoming Governor Takes Major Stand Against Modern Science. The standards \u201cseek to infuse students with a particular political view regarding climate change, sustainability, renewable
Over Two Million Comments Filed Against the Keystone XL Tar Sands Pipeline. In a chilly March wind, protesters marched along the snow-splashed streets of Washington to deliver more than two million comments opposed to building the Canadian-backed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline.
Ukrainian Zoo Animals Faced Starvation Due To Lack Of Funds. \u041f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u0430\u044f \u043d\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c. \u0416\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0442\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0445\u0430\u0440\u044c\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0437\u043e\u043e\u043f\u0430\u0440\u043a\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u0433\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0438 \u0433\u0438\u0431\u0435\u043b\u0438 \u0438\u0437-\u0437\u0430 \u043e\u0442\u0441\u0443\u0442\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0438\u044f \u0444\u0438\u043d\u0430\u043d\u0441\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f http://t.co/JC4SvOxc7C pic.twitter.com
Elephant Mother Knows How To Get Things Done (VIDEO). The animal kingdom is never short of heart warming moments. When an adorable elephant calf got stuck in a waterhole, her
Here's How You Start A Controlled Avalanche (VIDEO). Avalanche control is the process of using explosives to preemptively set off avalanches. By calculating and initiating a
13 'How Did You Get That?' Wildlife Photos From Tin Man Lee. He's only been taking photos in a serious way for about 3 years \u2014 but you'd never know it by looking at his portfolio. Take
Hundreds of Students Arrested at White House Protesting Keystone XL. I just came back from the White House, where the police are still arresting the hundreds of students who are taking part in what will likely be the largest act of youth civil disobedience at the White House in a generation.
Massive Winter Storm System Pummels Central U.S., Heads For East Coast. More than 1,500 flights were canceled and another 2,880 were delayed as of mid-afternoon on Sunday, according to the airline
Peru's Quelccaya Ice Cap Is Melting, Thanks To Climate Change. From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Tuba Players Make Alligators Randy With One Very Special Note (VIDEO). In 1944, the American Museum of Natural History in New York performed an experiment called \Response of Captive Alligators
Californian Innovation Tackles Salinity with Solar Desalination. The Golden State is a remarkable place that attracts some of the brightest minds and best business people on the globe. I
Meet the Students Getting Arrested Over Keystone XL. More than 1,000 students from over 200 schools and 42 different states have come to Washington, DC to take part in the protest. Here are some of the faces of the growing climate justice movement that's sweeping the nation.
Larry Ellison Has Grand Plans To Reintroduce Agriculture To Lanai. \I was just looking at the Lanai five-year budget,\ he told a group in Las Vegas recently. \And wow, it's expensive.\ The
Snow Leopard vs. Blue Sheep Battle Captured In Amazing Photos. And finally in a blur, everything happened. The Snow Leopard leapt from its cover, bounding across the rocks in great leaps
Biologists Free Whale From Fishing Gear Off Georgia Coast (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Whale No. 4057 is pictured on Sunday, February 16 dragging a heavy, thick rope. (Photo by Georgia Wildlife Resources Division
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Global Warming Won't Cut Winter Death Rates As Hoped, Study Says. However a report in the journal Nature Climate Change on the situation in England and Wales said climate warming would likely
10 Of The Best State Parks In America. If you've ever tried to fight the summertime crowds in Yellowstone, Yosemite or another popular U.S. national park, you'll
Underwater Forest Off Coast Of Alabama Could Become U.S. Marine Sanctuary. From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Why Are Leading Overseas Development Advocates Pushing Us Down the Greenhouse Gangplank?. Rumors are circulating that some members of Congress are pushing OPIC to shift directions and finance more polluting gas projects in regions like Sub-Saharan Africa.
Leonardo DiCaprio Donates $3 Million To Oceana. When it comes to his animal spirit, it looks like Leonardo DiCaprio sees himself as more of a shark than a wolf. The \Wolf
Steer-ing the Climate Conversation to Sanity Regarding Economic Analysis. John Kerry's recent comments suggest that there is a minority who believe that climate mitigation costs outweigh the benefits
Passion Remains High Because Keystone XL Marks a Turning Point on Climate. We'd be kidding ourselves if we minimized the Keystone XL pipeline. The State Department's own report made it clear just how significant this dirty energy project would be -- from a climate perspective.
The Inherent Opportunity in Today's Energy Poverty Crisis. Almost two years ago, the United Nations declared 2012 the International Year of Sustainable Energy for All, successfully bringing much-needed attention to the once overlooked problem of energy poverty.
Baby Sea Turtles Are So Adorable That They Make Everything Okay In The World (PHOTOS). If you're lucky enough to have ever seen a sea turtle nest hatch, you know that it's one of the most magical, unique experiences
Meatless Monday. Last week, I appeared at a Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce panel on behalf of LEAP. We were there as Miami's culinary entrepreneurs
Adopt A Pet In New York City. All photos courtesy of NYC Animal Care & Control. Interested in a new pet? AC&C has adoption centers in Manhattan, Brooklyn
Michigan Wolves Don't Need to Die. Protected since 1973 under the Endangered Species Act, Michigan wolves were delisted at the start of 2012. By the end of that year, Governor Rick Snyder signed legislation declaring them fair game for hunting. Why? Because... Well, that's a tough question to answer.
To Fight Climate Change, What Would George Washington Do?. On this Presidents Day, it's fitting to reflect on a November night more than 200 years ago, when Gen. George Washington rowed out onto New Jersey's Millstone River with a contingent of soldiers to settle a scientific mystery; what was behind the rumors of the river catching fire?
Sea Sickness. Every human need for the future -- fresh water, food, energy, medicine, security, and psychological renewal -- is dependent on a healthy, sustainable world ocean. The ocean is our cure. Why would we destroy it?
Pollutants Found In Children's Clothing From Multiple Luxury Fashion Brands, Greenpeace Says. Armani said it has committed to abolish all chemicals which could cause environmental damage to production sites by 2020
Renewing NYC's Sustainability Agenda. It is time for our new mayor to pick up the baton and continue the relay race toward a city that pays attention to its air, water, waste, carbon footprint and ecological impact.
Can Anybody Save California?. In a journey befitting our increasingly biblical climate, President Obama traveled on Friday from storm-wracked Washington
Kerry's State Department Ignored Obama's Climate Action Plan. While the State Department should have asked
E.O. Wilson. Two schools of thought -- sometimes working in unison and sometimes at odds with each other -- have driven much of the environmental movement in the United States over the past 100+ years.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Excessive Radiation Levels Detected At New Mexico Waste Site. Feb 16 (Reuters) - Underground sensors have detected excessive radiation levels inside a nuclear waste storage site deep
More Than 88 Percent Of The Great Lakes Are Completely Frozen Over (PHOTOS). \That arctic vortex came down, and the ice just kept going,\ George Leshkevich, a physical scientist with the NOAA, told
How Do We Plan For A Future With More Blackouts?. Modern life is utterly dependent on electricity. What are we to do if that supply becomes erratic? Read more on Mother Nature
Spider-Man Teams Up With Earth Hour To Become First Superhero Ambassador (VIDEO). From Mother Nature Network's Michael d'Estries
Kerry Says Climate Change A Major Threat To Indonesians' Way Of Life, Urges Nations To Act. Speaking to students, Kerry derided sceptics of the view that human activity causes global warming as \shoddy scientists
These 8 Animals Mate For Life. Romance is in the air, with Valentine\u2019s Day upon us. Read more on www.weather.com
More Toxic Chemicals Damaging Children's Brains, New Study Warns. \The default assumption is that if it's not good for the adult brain, it's even worse for the child's,\ said Bellinger. The
Kamapua'a, The Surfing Pig From Hawaii, Will Melt Your Heart. It wasn't long before the two became Hawaii's most lovable surfing duo. \u201cI think he enjoys it,\ said Holt. \It seems like
Danish Zoo Has No Plans To Kill Second Giraffe Named Marius. In a statement posted on its Facebook page on Friday under the headline \problem solved\, Jyllands Park said it had now heard
7 Strange, But Great, Alternative Uses For Honey. Honey happens to have some antibacterial qualities, especially if it's dark, which is why it's been used in wound care for
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Severe Weather Batters Britain, Cutting Off Rail Lines As Country Drenched In Wettest January Ever. Some areas have been underwater for over a month in the wettest January on record, with angry residents criticising the government
Adopt A Pet In New York City. Interested in a new pet? AC&C has adoption centers in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Staten Island, all open daily from 12 p.m
Babies And Seal Pups Napping Peacefully On A Beach. Don't worry, it doesn't need to make sense. Just sit back, relax, and prepare yourselves for sweetness overload.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Scientific Spill Studies, Funded by BP, Start to Yield Results. Scientists gathered in Alabama last month said their current research on impacts of the 2010 BP spill will help authorities deal with future disasters.
Climate Change A Growing Concern For Winter Olympics Hosts. Sochi organizers stashed 16 million cubic feet of snow from last winter under tarps in case of dry or warm conditions this
Mystery Noises Finally Explained. ST. LOUIS \u2014 This unusual winter got a little stranger last weekend for some people in Missouri who reported hearing mysterious
Farmer John Doubles Down. Californians are welcoming rain, but that hasn't stopped the astonishingly bold-faced water grab by San Joaquin Valley Republicans which would massively redistribute the state's water in the favor of Republican farming districts.
Hawaii Stores Selling Dead Baby Sharks As Souvenirs. But the war isn't over for Ocean Defender. Several Facebook commenters noted that they'd seen the same jars sold in other
These Animals Prove The Endangered Species Act Really Does Work. Proponents argue that species resurgence takes time, and relies on multiple factors like the amount of time spent under the
Laserwolf. Every morning, Laserwolf checks the surf conditions to evaluate which equipment to bring out. If the waves are big and barreling
Drone Captures Unbelievable Video, Adds Entirely New Dimension To Whale Watching. Fin whales -- the second-largest whale species and also one of the most elusive -- are longer than the average school bus
Adopt A Pet In New York City; Featured Animals For 2/2/2014, Courtesy Of NYC's Animal Care & Control (PHOTOS). For more information on adopting, go here, or call (212) 788-4000. All AC&C adoptions include vaccinations, a microchip, spay
Farmer John and the Cow-Flop. As Congressman George Miller, who has led the Northern California team at water negotiating tables for decades, commented, Boehner's proposal \has little or nothing to do with water policy in the state\ and everything to do with the politics of the Republican caucus.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. Though the Sierra Nevada received some snowfall this past week, California's drought conditions continued to worsen and snowpack
If You Like Walking, These Are The Cities For You (PHOTOS). We all know that walking is the best form of transport in big cities
Too Many Glass Jars Lying Around? Here Are 11 Cool Ideas For Reusing Them. From Networx's Katie Marks
This Is What A Hawaii Snow Day Looks Like (PHOTOS). Earlier this week, a snow storm hit the summits of Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea on Hawaii's Big Island and residents were (understandably
Spider Babies Eat Their Mother From The Inside Out, Giving Us Another Reason To Be Terrified Of Arachnids. A mother spider sacrifices herself as prey to her offspring as an essential step to waking up their hunting instincts -- without
Counterfeit Super Bowl Fan Gear May Be Tainted With Toxins. \It is easy to find traces of chemical coloring agents and paints which are harmful to health,\ reads the report. \Over time
9 Animals That May Or May Not Know The Super Bowl 48 Winner. The competition is so fierce that it seems more animals are placing their bets this year, too. Though we're not totally sure
How A Brewery Might Save This Town In The California Drought. Bear Republic\u2019s efforts to confront the water shortage aren\u2019t new. In November of last year, the brewery struck a deal with
Spring Outlook. Though Phil has a few more days to prognosticate the next six weeks, the AccuWeather.com long-range forecasting team already
It'll Be Frigid, But Will The Super Bowl Be Cold Enough To Freeze Beer?. A typical strength beer with 5 percent alcohol by volume will freeze near 26 to 29 F, according to Karl Siebert, professor
If You Thought Getting Old Sucks, Try Having A Lifespan Like These Animals. Other animal individuals -- like Cookie, a resident cockatoo at the Chicago Zoological park \u2013 can live for really long times
A Lesson for Dr. Kim and the World Bank as It Ponders the Kosovo Coal Project. As Dr. Kim and the World Bank prepare for the Kosovo project there is one question that Kosovars should be asking
Lonely Orca Lolita May Finally Be Going Home. Lolita has been crammed inside a tank barely any larger than the length of her own body at the Miami Seaquarium for more than four decades. Lolita's wretched world is the smallest tank in North America.
China 'Seriously Concerned' About U.S. Investigation Of Solar Imports. The Commerce Department investigation and a parallel inquiry by the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) could open
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Accidents Surge As Oil Industry Takes The Train. CASSELTON, N.D. \u2014 Kerry\u2019s Kitchen is where Casselton residents gather for gossip and comfort food, especially the caramel
Save Energy AND Money This Winter With These 7 Home Improvements. From DealNews' Lou Carlozo
These Stunning Underwater Photos Taken By Free Divers Are NOT Photoshopped (PHOTOS). If you've ever held your breath underwater, you've technically been free diving. But the sport of free diving is an entirely
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
These Are The Faces Of Animals That Almost Didn't Make It. Victor, Resident of Poplar Spring Animal Sanctuary Take a look more stunning portraits below, and read through some of these
Pipeline Fight Lifts Environmental Movement. WASHINGTON \u2014 Environmentalists have spent the past two years fighting the Keystone XL pipeline
NASA Graphic Shows Six Terrifying Decades Of Global Warming (VIDEO). Despite the recent polar vortex and the efforts of some to suggest otherwise, global warming is happening. The National Oceanic
So, Do Animals Get Divorced?. From Mother Nature Network's Chanie Kirschner
Aquascapes. The highly competitive world of aquascaping \u2014 artfully arranging aquatic plants, rocks and other objects in an aquarium \u2014 combines
Alligator Crittercams Offer Unprecedented Look Into Reptiles' Lives (VIDEO). As shown in the video, installing the cameras was no easy feat. The researchers had to catch the alligators, hold them down
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Insatiable Taiji Bloodlust. Bullies are loathsome. What's occurring this very second as I pen yet another article about Japan's odious sense of entitlement over all sea life is the gory, brutal and inhumane bloodlust in the Taiji cove as the War Against Nature is raging, again.
Well, This Is One Way To Remove A Dead Whale From The Beach. A massive sperm whale was laid to rest in a landfill recently after being transported from its stranding site in the bed
China's Coal to Gas Plans. The catastrophic air pollution China experienced in 2013 has proven China's decades-old coal obsession is simply unsustainable. The coal industry seems set on rebranding its toxic product in \new bottles.\
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
3 Lies SeaWorld Wants You To Believe. Just three of the smaller lies SeaWorld instructs its employees to tell guests about the whales
Going to Jail on MLK's Birthday to Stop Keystone XL South. It was in the spirit of Dr. King, and what he called \the fierce urgency of now,\ that I went to jail to stop Keystone XL South.
Final Drinking Water Ban Lifted In West Virginia After Chemical Spill. More than 200 people reported nausea and other symptoms linked to the tainted water supply, medical officials said. (Reporting
Saving These Rare Orcas? Protect Their Favorite Haunts. Critical habitat designations prevent the federal government from undertaking or approving activities that reduce an area's ability to support an endangered species. Species with designated critical habitat are more than twice as likely to show signs of improvement than those without.
'We Animals' Book Exposes Sadness Of Animal Captivity With Stunning Photos. The following is an excerpt from \We Animals,\ a photojournalistic book that documents the lives of animals in captivity
A Compromise We Can't Afford. The Sierra Club and 17 other environmental, environmental justice and public health advocacy groups sent a letter to President Obama in which we asked him to stop basing national energy policy on an \all of the above\ strategy.
Shaun Harrington Goes Shark Diving In A Birdcage.. Guess What Happens Next. \It's not the smartest thing,\ Harrington said of the stunt. We totally agree. That's when the tiger shark lunged towards
Honolulu's Sewage System Stinks.. Literally. But with as many as 30 new buildings being planned in the neighborhood, including several luxury high-rises, many in Honolulu
If You See Something, Say Something. STATE COLLEGE, Pa. \u2014 THE overwhelming consensus among climate scientists is that human-caused climate change is happening
Media for Sale. Last week, the political news website Real Clear Politics hosted a Washington D.C. event. Held at the gleaming Newseum, site of many such events, it was entitled, \U.S. Energy Policy
National Zoo's Panda, Bao Bao, Makes Her Debut To Visitors (VIDEO). There are only about 1,600 pandas known to be living in the wild and some 300 in captivity, mostly in China. Visitors began
Will Europe Scrap Its Renewables Target? That Would Be Good News for the Economy and for the Environment. Without the renewables mandate, the cap being planned for the EU ETS will be achieved at lower cost and will foster greater incentives for climate-friendly technological change.
West Virginia Officials Knew Potentially Dangerous Chemicals Were Stored Near Elk River. The Charleston Gazette's Ken Ward Jr. reports that Freedom Industries, the company that owns the leaking tanks, told state
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Showtime's 'Years Of Living Dangerously' Will Take Viewers To The Front Lines Of Climate Change. YEARS of LIVING DANGEROUSLY Trailer from YEARS of LIVING DANGEROUSLY on Vimeo. \u201cWe\u2019ll make it exciting,\u201d Cameron said when
What Happens When Animals Of Different Species Mate? (VIDEO). When animals are in close proximity, sometimes they have to find love in unexpected partners. If the animals share enough
Emperor Penguins Forced To Climb Cliffs To Breed As Climate Change Causes Sea Ice To Melt. From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Could GMO Apples Taint The Fruit's Good Reputation?. When the inside of an apple is exposed to oxygen, it begins to brown quickly, making it unappealing to many apple eaters
The Top Ten Cat Names Of 2013 (PHOTOS). If an adorable new feline joined your household in 2013, you can now see if its name is a popular one. Take a look below
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
The Most Popular Dog Names Of 2013 (PHOTOS). If human monikers aren't your fancy, you're not alone. VPI also compiled a list of the wackiest pet names of 2013, where
So, Those School Supplies You've Hoarded Since Fifth Grade Can Be Recycled After All. From Earth911's Maria Carter
The 10 Best Ethical Travel Destinations For 2014. If international travel is on your docket for 2014, you may want to consider its environmental and ethical impact. Read more
New Schools To Open In Joplin, Missouri, After Tornado. All of Joplin's schools have been outfitted with safe rooms, where students and staff can take refuge in case of a tornado
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
To Believe or Not to Believe. So here goes, it seems the most prevalent reason for climate change denial is a belief that renewable energy and sustainable
Earth's New Normal. The Arctic is warming at least two times faster than the rest of our planet. It's not just the loss of the white surface, which reflects solar radiation back to space and helps keep Earth at a habitable temperature range for our species that is a concern.
EPA Unlikely To Pursue Fracking Contamination Cases Anytime Soon, Analysts Say. U.S. Chamber of Commerce President Thomas Donohue warned last month that the study could be used to justify clamping down
Crab Steals GoPro Camera, Makes Directorial Debut (VIDEO). What happens when a crab decides one day that it wants to become a director? In most cases, probably nothing, since crabs
Watch This Greyhound In Batman Jammies Frolicking In The Snow. Greyhounds are bred for speed and endurance on race courses. Their ridiculously adorable nature, however, just comes naturally
The Importance of Our Evolution Beyond Killing for Food. As a pig farmer, I live an unethical life shrouded in the justificatory trappings of social acceptance. What I do is wrong, in spite of its acceptance by nearly 95 percent of the American population. I know it in my bones.
Arctic Weather Bears Down On U.S. Midwest, Northeast. The storm comes on the heels of a massive weather system that slammed the U.S. Midwest and Northeast just after New Year's
Flame-Retardant Furniture May Leave A Toxic Legacy. There's also no guarantee that future rules favoring the use of flame retardants won't be introduced and counteract current
Why the Climate Movement Should Get Political in 2014. If there was one thing to say about the climate movement in 2013 is that it started to reveal itself as a powerful political force. Now is the time to lean into politics, not push it away. Engaging in politics matters for the climate movement, and here are a few reasons why.
Postal Worker Gets Stuck In Icy River Where Street Used To Be (PHOTO). Fire crews were dispatched to rescue Sposito, who was reportedly stuck in four feet of icy water. Mailman Joe Sposito discovered
Thousands Of Tree Swallows Come To Roost In Front Of Your Eyes (VIDEO). You don't need to be a birder to appreciate the peacefulness and majesty of this natural phenomenon. A few lucky boaters
This Is How You Brush An Obscenely Massive Spider Off Your Shoulder. Despite its absolutely cringe-worthy appearance, this man seems pretty unfazed by the unexpected visitor, even when it starts
West Nile Virus Blamed For Death Of Dozens Of Bald Eagles In Utah. The water birds are expected to end their stopover in Utah and fly to the Southwestern United States and Mexico the second
Ugandans Fear Curse Of Oil Wealth As It Threatens To Blight 'Pearl Of Africa'. Most of Uganda's oil is in the Albertine Graben region in the west of the country, an expanse of lush green vegetation that
We Don't Need To Tell You Golden Retrievers Are Amazing, But We Will Anyway. They know how to work it for the camera. And they absolutely LOVE to play. Goldens, this one's for you. They're so powerful
The Endangered Species Act Celebrates Forty Years Of Wildlife Protection (VIDEO). To celebrate 40 years of critical environmental rebuilding and conservation, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service created a
The Dark Money In Climate Change. In his speech at Georgetown University this year, President Obama made it clear that tackling climate change will be one
The Global War Against Nature. There's a crisis of epic proportion occurring on our planet 24/7, 365
Counting Whales In Hawaii Might Be The Best Volunteer Program Ever. Register here. It isn't. NOAA chooses three days in peak whale season (January-March) and volunteers are kept so busy that
Vinland Restaurant In Portland, Maine Takes 'Local' To A New Level. The chef sees himself as part of a food revolution, which is ultimately part of a greater social, cultural and political
These Untrained Orangutans Can Row Boats And Even Help Humans With Chores (VIDEO). Yes, they row boats. Their amazing adaptive abilities don't stop there, and through observation they have learned to help
Wild Birds Should Fly Free. Overproduction and promotion of parrots and other exotic birds has resulted in an influx of unwanted, abused, and abandoned birds in shelters and rescue facilities across the U.S.
Merry Christmas Bob Barker. A 50-year career on television with the longest running daytime game show 'The Price is Right' is certainly remarkable. But there's another side to Bob Barker beyond his successful daytime job that is astonishing and brought an ear-to-ear grin across my face.
'Tis the Season to Be Owlly. We are in the midst of a major irruption of the snowy owl in the east. Such irruptions, which occur every couple of years in the lower 48, are generally due to low populations levels of its mainstay Arctic prey, lemmings -- particularly the collared lemming.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Institutionalized Insanity and Humanity's Existential Crisis. What if all of Humanity today called forth our current resources in a massive campaign to create renewable, nonpolluting energy so abundant that no armies are needed to defend it?
Former DEA Agent Finds Employment in the Recreational Marijuana Industry. Now, instead of helping the government kick in doors of marijuana dispensaries throughout Portland, Oregon, veteran agent Patrick Moen will be busy crunching numbers for the recreational marijuana industry.
Welcome To The World Of Live Animal Cameras, Baby Eagles!. Live streaming video by Ustream Let's face it
Holidays In Lights. Bright, colorful lights are icons of Christmastime, making this an ideal season to highlight the year's most vivid aurora
Pika's Moss-Eating Habit May Help Creature Adapt To Climate Change Rather Than Succumb To It. From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Disney And Oil Industry Team Up For 'Rocking In Ohio' Event [UPDATED]. \Rocking In Ohio\ is an interactive, game show-like presentation entirely funded by the Ohio Oil and Gas Association and
2013. Although 2013 had its share of tragedies, portents and absurdities, it also was in many ways a landmark year for the Sierra Club and the issues we work on. So in this last post of the year, I want to highlight some of the very good things that happened.
Still Uncertain. It\u2019s common for direct connections to be drawn between climate change and the effects of the devastating droughts that have
Maybe It Was the Mistletoe. In this story, it was regular citizens and a federal court, not the Ghost of Christmas Future, that gave the County a glimpse of what it means to be on the hook for Clean Water Act fines.
Baby Gorilla And Grandma At San Francisco Zoo Is The Cutest Thing You'll See Today. All photos by Marianne Hale courtesy of the San Francisco Zoo The public will be able to view Kabibe on Saturday, but we
Tips To Keep Your Dog Safe This Holiday Season. With the holiday season now in full-force, it's important to remember the health and safety of the four-legged creatures
10 Cities That Could Run Out Of Water - Weather.com. Securing access to plentiful, renewable sources of fresh water is among the biggest struggles large cities around the world
10 Cities That Could Run Out Of Water - Weather.com. Securing access to plentiful, renewable sources of fresh water is among the biggest struggles large cities around the world
Ever Wondered What A Helicopter Looks Like Playing Hockey? (VIDEO). We're sure like almost everyone on the planet, at some point you've wished that you could watch a helicopter 'playing hockey
Shell's Berlin 'Science Slam' Event Reportedly Disrupted By Anti-Drilling Activists (VIDEO). Since the event, Peters and his anti-Shell group, \SlamShell\ have received considerable media attention, as curated on Peters
Massive Ice Floe Rushes Down River In Colorado (VIDEO). The rush of water and ice came racing down the San Miguel River on Tuesday when a cold snap was followed by warmer temperatures
Time-Lapse Video Of Sky, Space And Sea Is Absolutely Amazing. '\Into The Atmosphere,' is my tribute to the state of California and the beautiful deserts, mountains and coastlines that
It's On. And win they will. Because they have a superior product. Because once you drive a Tesla, all other cars seem like antiques
Waste To Waves Recycling Program Gives Foam A Second, Ocean-Friendlier Life. Though the program\u2019s accomplishments are impressive, the demand for recycled boards has not yet met the supply of recycled
Lions, Tigers And Ubuntu, Oh My! Boyd Varty On The Interconnected World Of South Africa. The privately-owned Londolozi Game Reserve is a safari destination that\u2019s been in the Varty family for over 80 years. It
You Get What You Pay for (Perjury, in This Case). Reposted from Eye on the Amazon The Ecuadorians have now moved that all of Guerra's fraudulent testimony be stricken. Remember
Climate Change This Week. \u263c\u263c\u263c BRIGHT SIDE, WORLDWIDE \u263c\u263c\u263c OO Texas
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Henry, Chihuahua That Was Shot For Target Practice And Tortured With Chemicals, Finds A Home. A tan Chihuahua mix named Henry may always have to wear the evidence of his traumatic past on his face, but he's looking
Will Canada Make Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions To Win Over U.S.?. Canada needed 12 months to finalize regulations curbing emissions from coal-fired power plants that were ratified last year
Arctic Ice Melt Tied To Heat Waves And Downpours In U.S., Europe And Elsewhere, Study Suggests. In September, the U.N.'s panel of climate scientists raised the probability that most global warming since 1950 has a human
What We Learned From The Deadliest Hurricane In U.S. History. The 1900 Galveston Hurricane killed more than 6,000 people. The tragedy may have occurred more than 100 years ago, but it
Is That Faux Fur Really Fake?. From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
15 Vegan Celebrities Who've Given Up Animal Products For A Healthier Lifestyle. More people than you may have thought are on plant-based and animal-free diets
Beyond COP 19. Climate crisis, global inequalities, and resistance to necessary change all stem from the acceleration of competition over natural resources, especially energy. At the root of the crisis is the psychological dualism of 'self vs. other' separating humans from nature and each other.
How Green Is Your Tree? Sustainable Holiday Tips. Surely we shouldn't be cutting down a tree? As a child, these pangs of guilt were short lived and immediately washed away by the warmth and glitter of decorating day.  As an adult, though, the environmental impact of my choices is important to me.
Kitten Meets Bearded Dragon, Freaks Out Ninja-Style (VIDEO). Bearded dragons were only introduced to the United States in the 1990\u2019s, and so, despite their increasing popularity as house
Getting 'The Arctic 30' Home. Australian activist Colin Russell was today released from a St. Petersburg detention center, the last of the Arctic 30 detainees to be freed on bail after the seizure of the Greenpeace International ship Arctic Sunrise more than two months ago.
Dereck And Beverly Joubert; Explorers On The Front Lines Of Lion Conservation. Do you think the world is doing enough to protect these cats? How do we save the lions? What are the main threats that lions
Feral Tomcat With Face Ripped Open Finds Help In the Unlikeliest Place. For a year and a half, rescuers sought to trap Rebel \without a cause,\ but he was too clever for their humane traps. However, when Rebel showed up one day with his face ripped open and according to Cathy, \nearly hanging off of him,\ they had to step up their efforts as his life depended on it.
Free Mike Roselle From Jail. Roselle spent Thanksgiving in the Regional Jail in Charleston, West Virginia with a simple question
23 Photos Of Lions To Get You Pumped For Big Cat Week. A two week old lion cub is half submerged in water as it clings on for its life on the bank of a river which it fell into
Hollywood Must Protect Animals. The Hollywood Reporter's scathing investigation of the American Humane Association this week supports what PETA US has been reporting for years
Missouri Gas Pipeline Explodes Near Hughesville, No Injuries Reported. Witnesses said flames from the fire about 75 miles (120 km) southeast of Kansas City could be seen from miles (km) away, according
Climate Change This Week. OO Shell Oil Self-Imposes High Carbon Pollution Tax - enough to crash coal and even natural gas in the marketplace, when
What To Do With Leftover Cooking Oil? Officials Urge NYC Residents To Keep It Out Of The Sink. From Mother Nature Network's Matt Hickman
Peter Willcox, American Greenpeace Activist Jailed In Russia For Climate Protest, Won't Back Down. This article was updated to reflect the fact that Colin Russell, the last of the Arctic 30 jailed in Russia, was granted
Your Black Friday Guide To Poison-Free Holiday Shopping. \For myself and many others with chemical sensitivity, it's important to stay away if a certain chemical is present, regardless
Turkeys Get Spa Treatment and Love on Thanksgiving (VIDEO). 
13 Photos That Will Make You Want To Become A Wildlife Photographer. Photographer Gary Davenport captures amazing images of the diverse wildlife that call Ridgefield National Wildlife Refuge
Controversial GMO Study By Gilles-Eric Seralini Retracted. Seralini, who works in Caen with a group called CRIIGEN, the Committee for Research and Independent Information on Genetic
A Thanksgiving Blessing For All Living Things. Divine Spirit, Blessed Ones,/ who guide us throughout our days,/ help us to honor our Mother, Gaia, the elegant Earth/ by breathing compassion, kindness, courage/ generosity and gratitude\ndeeply into our being.
US Court Denies Halt on Pipeline Set to Replace Keystone XL Northern Half. That 600-mile long, 600,000 barrels per day proposed line runs from Flanagan, Illinois - located in the north central part of the state -- down to Cushing, Oklahoma, dubbed the \pipeline crossroads of the world.\
7 Strange Uses For Candle Stubs. From Networx's Katie Marks
Thanksgiving Storm Threatens Holiday Travel Along The East Coast. The storm is expected to bring heavy rain to the Southeast on Tuesday and then turn north and move up the East Coast, possibly
EPA Faces Challenges To Air Pollution Authority In Supreme Court Cases. \It would be both a big deal and somewhat unsurprising if EPA loses both Clean Air Act cases,\ said Richard Frank, an environmental
Tired of Negativity?. Large-scale solutions to large-scale problems
Horse On A Treadmill Is Weird And Majestic All At Once (VIDEO). Lola has her own Twitter account with dedicated fans who even launched a campaign to put the horse on a treadmill on UVA
Ocean Acidification. About one quarter of the human-made CO2 emissions have been absorbed by oceans, creating yet another environmental problem of global concern.
The Climate Movement Needs to Stop 'Winning'. I am from an impacted community in East Texas, home to oil and gas industry, on the southern route of the Keystone XL (KXL
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
UN Climate Talks Limp Toward Global Deal In 2015. Environmentalists walked out on Thursday, exasperated by lack of progress. Rich nations are preoccupied with reviving their
Warsaw to World Leaders. There is already ample evidence that humanity isn't acting quickly enough to address climate change. The need for greater action in 2015 is obvious. And there are plenty of reasons to believe that countries can get their act together by then.
Amidst Typhoons and Climate Change, U.S. Spying Network Shows Contempt for Environment. Despite mounting evidence that global warming is leading to devastating environmental disasters in the Pacific region, the U.S. and its partners are suspicious of climate change advocates. Rather brazenly, Washington and its Pacific allies spy on those who are intent on reining in global warming.
Helium Too Precious For Party Balloons, Says Chemist. I was in the grocery store the other day when my children started to pester me for a balloon. Read more on Mother Nature
Scientists Identify More Than 2,300 'Irreplaceable' Places Key To Wildlife's Survival. Sian Ka'an Biosphere Reserve, Mexico Khao Sok National Park, Thailand Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta Natural National Park
The Nature Conservancy Photo Contest Finals Are Here, And They Are Absolutely Beautiful. Take a look at the shots below, and then head over the contest's website between now and December 23 to vote. The world really
13 Awe-Inspiring Facts About The Environment. You already know the basics
Illinois Tornado Wreaks Havoc Near Peoria. Many of the injuries appeared to have been caused by collapsing structures. CHICAGO, Nov 17 (Reuters) - A fast-moving storm
A Look Back At The Kauai GMO Protests. It is expected that the biotech companies will challenge the law in court. As seen above, there's no doubt Kauai will be
Super Typhoon Haiyan. Satellite images along with readings of ocean heat seem to suggest that Haiyan was an unnaturally powerful storm. The science is hinting that this storm may not have been so catastrophic in a world without warming.
Kauai County Council Override Frees Way For GMO Bill. Today the Council voted to override the veto by a count of 5-2. Mayor Carvalho left before the vote took place. CORRECTION
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
This Rabbit Eating In Slow Motion Is Absolutely Enthralling (VIDEO). Beans the rabbit likes to munch on parsley, and we like to watch Beans munch in super slow motion... Because everything is
Peccary Pups At San Francisco Zoo Are The Cutest Things You've Never Heard Of. (Photo courtesy of the San Francisco Zoo) Check out pictures of the peccary pups below
Thousands March Outside the UN Climate Talks in Warsaw, Poland. Thousands of people from around the world took the streets outside the UN Climate Talks in Warsaw today to demand climate justice.
Obama Praises U.S. Oil Production As 'Tremendous Step Towards American Energy Independence'. \Between more clean energy and less wasted energy, our emissions of dangerous carbon pollution are actually falling,\ Obama
New Member Could Tip Balance On Kauai County Council On Pesticide Bill. But Friday's council election wasn't a referendum on Bill 2491. Kualii told Civil Beat that he strongly supported overriding
Day of Shame. Today is a shameful day in Michigan history. This morning 1200 hunters are out with high-powered rifles trying to kill forty-three wolves. And for what? Nothing but bloodlust.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Want to Win the Climate Debate? Stop Debating.. The deniers do not care that 97 percent of scientists agree that climate change is anthropogenic because only 97 percent of scientists agree, not 100 percent. Even with mass consensus, there are still those three percent and those three percent are key to legitimizing the debate.
UN Climate Talks May Only Bring Moderate Progress As Rich Nations Worry About Economy. \We need flexibility between the countries, that they will promote their own strategies, their own goals,\ Environment Minister
Labrador With Skin Infection Slowly Recovers. Do you have a Tail of Hope or Survival? We'd love to hear it! Visit us at thepetcollective.tv and tell us your story! Share
Zoo Animals Eating Pumpkins Is The Best Thing You'll See This Weekend (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Humans aren't the only ones who enjoy a seasonal treat. California's Oakland Zoo has partnered with local pumpkin patches
Hawaii's Invasive Species Might Be Cute, But They're A Huge Island Threat. Coqui Wanted for
Government To Use Eagle Scout's Raptor Trap At Airports. Bird collisions are a safety concern for planes and passengers as well. The Federal Aviation Administration reports that
Smart Wheel By FlyKly Could Change Everything About Commuting. So FlyKly\u2019s Niko Klansek decided to \u201cturn an ordinary bike into a smart bike.\u201d Before setting out on a ride, the cyclist
Teen Wows Science Fair With Body-Heat Powered Flashlight. The next time you go camping, don't worry about batteries or an outlet to power your flashlight. If you have a model designed
An Electric School Bus Could Be Coming To A School Near You. From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Landscape Photographer Of The Year Awards Showcase The UK's Stunning Beauty. Sometimes, a picture really is worth a thousand words. City Twilight, London, England by Charlotte Gilliatt \u2013 Runner-up, Urban
Autumn Dispatch From the Hills and Hollers of West Virginia. The past month has been fairly busy for me and my work fighting against the coal industry.
Rules of the Road Needed for North American Energy. With new North American resource abundance, we have the opportunity to better control our destiny and move to greater independence. But we cannot hope to do that without a robust integrated North American energy marketplace.
Oil & Gas Talking Points Start to Unravel. Colorado Public Radio's Ryan Warner and ProPublica's Abrahm Lustgarten fact checked a new set of ads sponsored by Coloradans for Responsible Energy Developments. The results of their analysis dealt a blow to oil and gas advocates.
Why Did The Cheetah Lick The GoPro Camera?. We have for you an accidental, but absolutely amazing moment captured on camera that is sure to make you smile today
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
The Digital Life. Discoveries of how technology and humans really interact are being made every day, leading one to the conclusion that it's not an unimaginable future -- and it may be the key to sustainable living on an increasingly overcrowded planet.
Shrimp Parasite Causing Mass Die-Off In Georgia, South Carolina As Black Gill Disease Spreads. Georgia shrimpers have caught fewer than half the number they usually catch in August, September and October, said Patrick
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Protecting Rivers, Reducing Climate Vulnerability. Climate change is water change. Learning from earlier flood disasters and preparing for climate change, governments, scientists and environmental organizations have started to remove levees and recreate floodplains on rivers such as the Rhine, the lower Yangtze and the lower Danube.
'Frack Check' Videos Blast Claims Made By Colorado Oil And Gas Industry. Last year when Hickenlooper was invited to give the keynote address at The Atlantic's Next Generation Energy Forum, he vigorously
Squirrelus Interruptus. What does it take to bring a nuclear weapons site to its knees? Read on ... Read more on Mother Nature Network
White Nose Syndrome, Bat-Killing Fungus, Is All But Invincible, Study Finds. A map showing the spread of white-nose syndrome since 2006. (Image
Did Mayor Undermine Kauai Council's Legal Fight Against Biotech Giants?. The \county attorney's office concludes that there are many legal challenges facing Bill 2491,\ writes Trask. He garnered
Huge Surf On North Shore Of Oahu Shows You Don't Have To Go To Nazar\u00e9 To See Nature's Fury. A possibly 100-foot wave off Nazar\u00e9, Portugal made headlines on Monday when two Brazilian surfers squared off against the
Kittens And Puppies In Slow Motion Are Too Cute For Words (VIDEO). In what can only be described as a total coincidence with the previous statement, we happen to have for you -- wait for it
The Trail of the Whales. We've nearly made it to the end of our journey. My toddler and I have been following the grey whale migration up the west coast of the Americas. I pieced the journey together using public transport, on a tight budget and tight schedule.
An Escape Goat Makes A Grand Getaway. There's a whole wide-world out there, and this little goat cannot be contained. Watch him take a leap of faith out of his
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Brown University's Misguided Vote to Not Divest From Coal. Today, on the anniversary of Hurricane Sandy, Brown University defied the will of its student body and its own investment advisory committee and voted not to divest from the 15 largest U.S. coal companies.
The War Against Wolves and Wildlife. What is perhaps most disquieting about the photograph is the vigilante feel that echoes a lynch mob -- dehumanize, vilify, and murder. Wolves are now reviled and persecuted in a land where they once roamed wild and free prior to European colonization.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Chemically Sensitive Find Sanctuary In Fragrance-Free Churches. Ohio State's Heimlich agreed that churches are key venues for environmental progress. \There are people out there who would
Dog Loses Leg But Not His Love For Life. An Orange County based rescue, pulled Leo from the shelter and had their own veterinarian look at him, they realized the truth was much worse than a broken bone. Leo had been shot twice. The bone was shattered.
Giant, Floating Whale Carcass Could Attract Sharks Close To Hawaii Shore. The 30-40 foot sperm whale carcass currently floating off Oahu's windward shore \kind of looked like Swiss cheese,\ according
'Crazy Ants' Spreading Throughout Gulf Coast, Defying Extermination. \You almost have to see it to believe what a nuisance these can become,\ said Robert Puckett, an associate research scientist
Bulldogs Being Bulldogs Compilation Is Exactly What You Want It To Be. Here is a compilation of not one, not two, not three, but thousands of bulldogs being adorable. Okay, maybe not thousands
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
In First Vote, Columbia College Students Back Fossil Fuel Divestment. \We demand that Columbia and Barnard immediately freeze any new investment in the 200 publicly traded fossil fuel companies currently holding the vast majority of the world's proven coal, oil and gas reserves,\ the initiative read in part.
Natural Gas From Cows? Argentine Scientists Tap Methane In Bovine Burps. By Maximiliano Rizzi The gases - which otherwise are commonly known as burps, or \eruptos\ in Spanish - are then processed
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Jellyfish Stings An Increasing Public Health Concern, Experts Say. \In a lot of respects, issues of blooms are kind of irrelevant,\ said Condon. \We know we go through rise and fall periods
Long Island Pumpkin Snatcher On The Loose After Swiping 600 Gourds. Late last month, the sleepy Long Island hamlet of Calverton was shaken by a most audacious crime
Actress Rachelle Lefevre Takes On Car Idlers, Pollution In Hilarious PSA. From Mother Nature Network Guest Columnist Rachelle Lefevre
Australian Firefighter Captures Terrifying Video Of Bush Fire With Go-Pro Camera. By attaching a portable Go-Pro camera to his helmet, firefighter Jonathan Mallin has recorded what it looks like for firefighters
Huge GMO News. Nobody knows what's going to happen in Washington between now and November 5. But from Mexico, to Hawaii and to the 64 nations that already have GMO labeling, this tide just might be turning.
Little Platypus Loves Her Little Belly Rubbed. What do you get when you cross a duck with an otter with food and a belly rub? One very blissed out little platypus! Via
Something To Keep In Mind Next Time You're Thinking About Ordering Crab Or Lobster. Whenever I watch PETA videos, I try to imagine myself in the animal's shoes. I will make an exception this time because I
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Ubiquitous Plastics, Toxic Sponges Extraordinaire. Sadly, my favorite lake in Switzerland Lake Geneva is also full of plastics. And last week scientists from the University
Feds and BP Clash Over Barrels Spilled at Macondo Trial. At the Macondo spill trial, number crunching or quantification of the oil flow started Monday in U.S. District Court in New Orleans, with Judge Carl Barbier presiding. The U.S. is on one side with a figure of about 5 million barrels for the disaster that commenced in 2010, versus BP and Anadarko on the other with 3.26 million barrels.
8 Superlative Spiders. Autumn brings changing leaves, Halloween ghouls and a burst of activity from one member of the natural world that leaves
Electric Car Charger Company, ECOtality, Goes Bankrupt, Stranding 13,000 Docking Stations. From Mother Nature Network's Jim Motavalli
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Corporations Have Personhood. Why Not Dogs? (UPDATED). \We already knew that dogs were special,\ he said, adding that we know that they are \attuned to us,\ as well as being able
Kitten Stuck in a Drain Pipe for Nine Hours; Walks Away Unscathed. It all started with a kitten's mews. It was 3:00 p.m. in August at the Westfield Promenade Mall in Woodland Hills, Calif. Summer shoppers were looking for deals, when a host from Margianno's, an Italian restaurant, heard the unmistakable sound of a kitten mewing.
India Must Rename Cyclone Phailin and Call Attention to Global Warming. Bamboozled by the lure of technology, humans have become deeply amnesic. We forget a tragedy soon after the corporate media stops reporting on a particular catastrophe. In a globally warmed Earth, however, before amnesia sets in, the next assault arrives.
Breast Cancer And Dogs. Mandi died less than a month later from a neuroendocrine carcinoma. Despite a prognosis of six months to a year, Storm went
The 10 Strangest Fall Traditions In The U.S.. From AccuWeather's Kristen Rodman
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Little Ponies Horsing Around... Just A Little. These foals belong to James, Jo, Amy, Jess and Rosie who run a family farm in the Buckinghamshire village of Aston Abbotts
Baby Elephant For Dinner?. Seriously, is there ever a moment when a baby elephant isn't being the most adorable thing you have ever seen? Okay fine
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Shark Shield Offers Discount To Reunion Island Surfers. Shark Shield shares her confidence. The company announced this week that it will give 30% off its Shark Shield Surf 7 device
BP's missteps delayed its 2010 spill response, trial witnesses say. A top kill attempt, which involved pumping drilling mud to stop the well's flow, failed in late May 2010. A BOP is a safety
Nebraska Tornado May Have Been EF4, Weather Service Says. \There are corn and soybean fields littered with debris all over the place from houses and buildings that were damaged,\ Fawl
Baby Otter Acts And Plays Just Like A Dog (VIDEO). Question
Disabled Kitten Uses Walker to Take First Steps. It was unsure if Thumper, a white kitten with black spots, would ever walk, but once he took his first step, there wasn't a dry eye in the room.
Kids Push Merry-Go-Round To Generate Electricity For Night Study In Ghana. Ben Markham, who developed the merry-go-round for Empower, estimated in the Fast Company story that healthy 8- to 12 -year
Bear Breaks Into Home In Russia, Eats Borscht Soup Before Residents Call Police (PHOTOS). As RIA Novosti notes, the couple called the manager of the community who then notified police around 1 a.m. The borscht-eating
Tiger Attack At Oklahoma Zoo Leaves Worker Injured After She Sticks Her Arm Inside Cage. The zoo worker, whose name has not been released, was air evacuated to a local hospital for treatment. Local NBC affiliate
Steal This Democracy. America's best idea is in trouble -- but I don't mean our national parks. Yes, the parks are closed, which is inexcusable. But what's really under attack is something even older than our national park system
Greenpeace Stages Vigils For Activists Held In Russia On Piracy Charges. A court in Russia's northwestern region of Murmansk has since charged all crew members -- who come from 18 countries including
9 Refreshing Uses For Hydrogen Peroxide. From Networx's Katie Marks
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Possible Eco-Terrorists Attack Genetically Modified Papayas On The Big Island. Acts of eco-terrorism aren't unique to genetically modified papayas. Activists have taken weed-whackers to drought-resistant
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Baby Elephant Discovering His Own Trunk And Feet Is Just Precious. This baby elephant trying to understand his own trunk and feet was caught on camera in South Africa, and it will make your
14 Unexpected Uses For Salt. From Networx's Katie Marx
Puppies Experiencing Fall For The First Time Will Make Your Heart Explode. Puppies and pumpkins, puppies and pumpkins! It's too much for our hearts to handle! Dogs everywhere are loving fall, but
National Geographic Celebrates 125 Years Of Photographs With The Magazine's Most Iconic Images. Steve McCurry\u2019s iconic photograph of a young Afghan girl in a Pakistan refugee camp appeared on the cover of National Geographic
Can Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal Make the Big Oil Lawsuit Go Away?. Last week, Garret Graves, speaking for Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, told the nominating committee for the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East that the Governor would refuse to approve the reappointment of John Barry and Tim Doody.
Dead Fish From Molasses Spill Will Be Turned Into Fertilizer. When life gives you lemons, make lemonade, and when it gives you 26,000 dead fish, make fertilizer. The fish victims of the
This Cat Was Saved From The Brink Of Death. Once the cat was out of surgery, she was still not in the clear. She was in horrible pain and the shelter could not afford the pain medication. They had done all they could for her, but the shelter was left with one final decision. They were going to euthanize Miss Renata.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Where Are We Going to Get New Energy?. Whatever your opinion on climate change, we still need a new energy economy.
Keystone XL Pipeline Protesters To Obama. \I'm here because I've been standing up to the pipeline, standing up to this great criminal enterprise, which it definitely
Women's Leadership Will Strengthen Climate Action. Women are more vulnerable to climate impacts due to their unequal position in society. But with their unique knowledge and perspectives, women hold the keys to adaptation strategies and are critical to implementing mitigation plans at the grassroots level.
Time to Draw the Line. Some great things have happened since that freezing day last February when I marched to the Forward on Climate rally in Washington, D.C., with 50,000 of my closest friends. Looking back, it did feel like the start of something big.
Hundreds of Events \Draw the Line\ Against Keystone XL & Tar Sands. At over 200 events today -- from Alaska to Nebraska -- people are \Drawing the Line\ against the Keystone XL pipeline, tar sands and other dirty energy projects. The day's events are being coordinated by the climate campaign 350.org with help from scores of partners.
What It's Like To Live Near A Shit-Processing Facility. BARSTOW, CA -- I was in the middle of the Mojave Desert on my way home to Venice Beach after finishing NSFWCORP's grueling
15 Things We Wish We Could Strap A GoPro To. Shakira's Hips McKayla Maroney Hunter S. Thompson Miley\u2019s Wrecking Ball Michael Jordan, Circa 1987 This Guy Blue Ivy Carter
Squeaky Toy Plus Pug Equals Tongue (VIDEO). Which came first the squeaky toy or the tongue? Will we ever know the answer to this age-old riddle? Yes, probably. Thank
California Fracking Bill Signed Into Law By Governor Jerry Brown. But environmentalists across the nation have decried the practice, saying that the chemicals used in the process pollute
'Lucky' The Wallaby Saved From Creek By Recent CPR Trainee. Would you perform CPR on a wallaby? One Australian man was able to utilize his newly-learned rescue skills on a very unlikely
First Day Of Fall 2013. It's a time to reflect, and settle in to a new post-summer groove. And some stellar food. Because there's nothing better
9 Great Public Transit Options For Sightseeing. Travel purists usually shy away from tour buses. Read more on Mother Nature Network
Puppy Family Photo Proves What Unites Us Is Cuter Than What Divides Us. I don't know about you, but I only spot nine. Maybe there was just too much cuteness to be contained in one picture? Even
This Adorable Labrador Retriever Loves Life Despite His Worsening Illness. Elvis will go blind. It might not be today or a year from now, or even five years from now, but it cannot be stopped. He has a genetic disease that causes blindness called progressive retinal atrophy.
Bald Eagle Conservation Is An Amazing Success Story As Birds Thrive In Chesapeake Bay. From Mother Nature Network's Jaymi Heimbuch
Honolulu Molasses Spill Highlights Lack Of Regulation. On Saturday, a gaggle of cameramen and reporters boarded a tug boat at Pier 9 behind Aloha Tower to go on a tour of what's
No Major U.S. Hurricane Has Hit Since 2005. Why?. Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast
Landmark Majuro Declaration Could Determine Our Children's Future (Video). During the Pacific Island Forum, Australia, New Zealand and 13 Heads of State from other Pacific nations made a landmark declaration -- calling for the full phase-out of greenhouse gas pollution, acknowledging that current efforts to tackle climate change are insufficient.
E-Collar Alternatives. But let\u2019s say you have a pet who performs one of the following tricks when he\u2019s sporting an E-collar
Time-Lapse Video Of Mount Diablo Morgan Fire Is Unbelievable. This six-second time-lapse video summarizes three hours of a six-day fire on the Norther California's Mount Diablo, and shows
Colorado Flooding. Considering that this flood event occurred in the backyard of some of the world's top climate researchers, it is likely that
Microgrids In NYC & Conn. -- A New Kind Of Power Struggle. With the ravages and power outages of hurricanes Irene and Sandy seared in recent memory, soon, a public school, a small
The Most Important Climate Pacts You've Never Heard Of. According to Zaelke\u2019s group, a phase down of HFCs under the Montreal Protocol could prevent the equivalent of up to 8.8 billion
Molasses Spill Causing Coral Reef Death. Robert Richmond, University of Hawaii marine biology professor and director of Kewalo Marine Laboratory, told reporters that
Tar Sands and Dirty Tricks. The New Yorker's statement that \climate change could become uncontainable,\ unfortunately, is not science fiction. If we are so foolish as to burn all fossil fuels, including all coal and unconventional fuels, that result is nearly certain.
Obama's Keystone XL Trade-Off. Feeling the pressure from protest against the Keystone XL, Obama pulled a fast one
Dogs Help Military Veterans Cope With Civilian Life. The \Bark Business Breakfast\ tour had an event in Chicago on Saturday, and so far has raised nearly $100,000. Among the
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
GMOs Are Tearing Tropical Paradise Apart. According to state pesticide records, 18 tons of 22 Restricted Use Pesticides (RUPs \u2013 pesticides that require special permits
Lightning Time-Lapse Video Filmed In Washington State Is Incredibly Mesmerizing. (Hat tip, Hypervocal) Skunk Bay Weather does just that. In a lightning time-lapse video, the Vimeo user illustrates the stunning
Token Adams, Missing New Mexico Firefighter, Found Dead In Santa Fe National Forest's Stable Mesa Area. By Zelie Pollon The body of Token Adams, 41, was located by a Native American search team in an area of the forest called
2013 Atlantic Hurricane Season Off To A Slow Start, Despite Forecasts. MIAMI, Sept 7 (Reuters) - The 2013 Atlantic hurricane season, which forecasters had predicted would be more active than normal
Dog Thrown From Moving Car, Breaks Back -- But Not Spirit. Frogger got his name because of how he was found. Frogger, a sweet dog, was driving with his owner, when suddenly he was thrown from a moving car. Frogger just barely missing traffic, curled into a ball -- scared, alone, and severely injured.
Sheepish Teacher Shows Young Bull How To Do Bull Stuff (VIDEO). One fine day on the island of Terceira in the Azores archipelago, a wee li'l sheep got a li'l bossy with a young li'l bull
6,376 Acres Of Sierra Wilderness Saved In Landmark Deal. In a deal struck between conservationists and a timber company after more than a decade of development warring, thousands
This Sweet Cat Was Rescued From A Hoarder Nightmare. Once Garbo was rescued from the hoarding situation by Cat Connection, it was only then did anyone realize how much pain she must have been in. Garbo refused to eat. She was starving herself and no one knew why.
Famous U.S. Animals To Honor On Labor Day. List and captions courtesy of Vetstreet
'Stop Wildlife Crime,' World Wildlife Fund Web Series, Highlights Global Poaching Crisis (VIDEO). A new online video series from the World Wildlife Fund explores wildlife crime and the global poaching crisis that's devastating
5 National Park Sites to See Over Labor Day (PHOTOS). On Sunday, the 32nd Annual Sand Sculpture Contest at Drakes Beach will award prizes in several different categories, including
Photo Of Rescued Kittens Captures Cats In Adorable 'Hip Hip, Hooray' Pose. These kittens just can't contain their excitement after being rescued. Check out the happy kitties below stretching in what
Working on a Dream. This Labor Day, the Sierra Club joins in celebrating working people everywhere. If we want to help working families, protect our air and water, and achieve justice for all Americans, we must first defend our democracy.
Meatless Monday. He's had good insider info about plant-based nutrition via his father Caldwell Esselstyn, the heart surgeon advocating a
A Bet On The Environment. Just after his sophomore year at Yale in 2002, Billy Parish stood before a rapidly retreating glacier in India that feeds
Island Nations Lead Where All Must Follow in a Looming Climate Crisis. Whether the people of the Marshall Islands and many other Small Island States will ultimately be forced by climate change to leave their homes in search of higher and safer ground, depends largely on the actions we take -- the decisions that governments make -- in the next few years.
Protecting Dolphins. Those that stand-up for nature and the rights of sealife are intrepid and indeed worthy of praise. Those, on the other hand
Rim Fire Development Held Back In Yosemite By California Firefighters. Among the landmarks potentially in the path of the blaze are two groves of the park's famed sequoia trees. The fire sent
Fukushima's Radioactive Plume Could Reach U.S. Waters By 2014. Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast
Mind The Carbon Gap. Carbon gaps\u00a0are the difference between a country\u2019s extraction, production, and consumption of fossil fuels. Read more on
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Elephant Attacks Car During A Safari (VIDEO). This ... is a nightmare. Imagine filming a pack of elephants from afar, then suddenly seeing one charge toward your vehicle
Animal Myths. What exactly is in a camel's hump? And are bats really blind? It's time to find out and test your animal knowledge! Read
Why Are Panda Babies So Small? Panda Researcher Fingers Bamboo (UPDATED). Itty bittiness is \definitely a result of evolution of millions of years,\ Wang recently told The Huffington Post. \It is
Climate Change Could Turn Greenland, Well, Green. From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Keevan Dinkel, Alaska Boy, Wins Annual Cabbage Contest. PALMER, Alaska (Reuters) - A 10-year-old boy has won Alaska's annual giant cabbage contest, submitting a 92.3-pound (41.9
Louisiana gives the green light to a publicly opposed coal terminal. DNR said public comments on the terminal from two hearings in August and a recent notice period raised concerns about air
National Zoo's Panda Baby Gets First Checkup (PHOTOS). We could not be more in love with the National Zoo's new panda baby, born to mother Mei Xiang on Friday afternoon. Zookeepers
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Jub Jub The Dog Could Be The Most Adorable, Hilarious St. Bernard On Instagram (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Also, Jub Jub loves Beethoven (the movie, not the composer). Basically, Jub Jub is one of the happiest pooches we've ever
Sweet Dogs Dumped at the Shelter Almost Run Out of Time. Maisy and Bear have always been together even when they were dumped off at the shelter. Bear has been like a big brother for Maisy, looking out for her. Maisy and Bear spent most of their life severely neglected. Unfortunately for Maisy and Bear, their time was running out at the shelter.
U.S. Wild Pig Problem Irks State Officials. They are vicious critters that typically grow to 200 pounds, can run 30 miles per hour, jump three feet high and climb out
Saving Rhinos. Anti-poaching units that protect the world's remaining rhinos often spend 20 to 25 days at a time in the bush, return briefly to restock their supplies, then head back out, year-round.
9 Inspiring Animals That Use Prosthetics. Prosthetics have changed the lives of disabled and handicapped people since the Egyptians first pioneered the idea, but only
Why Plastic Bag Bans Are Being Fought By The Recycling Industry. Recycling the bags can prove difficult, even for the industry itself. Plastic bags are typically placed in recycling bins
This Beautiful Cat Cheated Death, Against All The Odds. Now, Demetri is alive and well. He gets along with other cats, enjoys being petted and loves attention. He is the ideal and perfect pet. Demetri's light shines through, and now he's looking for the perfect forever home.
Where Did All the Farmers Go?. Sometimes you get a confluence of things you read that give you a new insight into the way things work.
Major Airline Climate Decision Flying Under the Radar. If the aviation sector were a country, they would be the seventh largest climate polluter in the world.
Eastern Black Rhino, Endangered Species, Born At Zoo Atlanta (PHOTO). \Not only is this a first for Zoo Atlanta, going all the way back to our founding in 1889, but this is a critically endangered
Public opposition to Plaquemines Parish coal terminals grows. \RAM must first obtain a Coastal Use Permit from the state and a 404 Permit from the Army Corps before they may begin construction
Milk Carton Projects. The best part of making cool stuff from milk jugs is that you don't have to pay for them. I mean, they're trash! But when
Fracking Protest In England Reflects Public Outcry Against Cuadrilla Resources Drilling. By Sarah Young Prime Minister David Cameron has been unequivocal in his support for fracking as a way to create jobs and
Rosanna Davison's PETA Ad Is Hot ... Like A Chili Pepper (NSFW PHOTO). Take a look at the NSFW ad below
Activists Raise A Stink Over Massive Gowanus Canal Development. You\u2019d think that directly along the banks of one of the country\u2019s most \extensively contaminated\ waterways -- Read more
American Military, Wildlife Finally Learning To Coexist. From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Energy Prices Shock Hawaii Farmers Into Alternatives - Honolulu Civil Beat. HAMAKUA, BIG ISLAND \u2014 Lush green fields rise and dip through the rolling hills that stretch down to the deep blue of the
Ecuador President Rafael Correa. The case is still alive and Correa says the company has spent $400 million and hired an army of hundreds of lawyers to discredit
Culinary Pet Names. More on Vetstreet
How Does A Dog See The World?. Not much gets past a dog's nose, but what about those eyes? Read more on Mother Nature Network
Georgia Aquarium's Beluga Request Rejected By U.S., Drawing Praise From Animal Advocates. From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Malnourished English Bulldog Dumped On The Street After Giving Birth [VIDEO]. It is hard to believe that someone would abandon Rosebud. Rosebud, an English Bulldog who loves sloppy kisses and belly rubs, was tossed on the streets by her previous owner. She lived in a kennel her whole life as a breeding dog used to breed English Bulldog puppies.
A Texan Tragedy. Fracking boom sucks away precious water from beneath the ground, leaving cattle dead, farms bone-dry and people thirsty. Read
Watch This Deep-Sea Crab Get An Icy Surprise. Email Becky Oskin or follow her @beckyoskin. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.com
China's Pollution Crisis To Be Tackled Head On With More Cash. Smog over northern cities in January generated a public outcry, as did the discovery in March of thousands of rotting pig
Oil, Gas Officials Seek To Change Tone Of Fracking Debate. Stead offered reaching for the opportunities will be difficult for an industry constantly on the defense. ___ As industry
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
This Hedgehog Cleaning Her Feet Could Be The Most Adorable Thing You've Ever Seen (VIDEO). Hedgehogs are adorable little creatures, there's no doubt about it. But apparently, they're some of the cutest self-groomers
Underwater Heatwave Sending Fish, Sea Critters Fleeing For The Poles. Marine life has shifted northward by up to 1,000 miles, according to a new study. The culprit? What else but climate change
Rooftop Gardens On Buses Makes Total Sense, And Here's Why. Here, here. But the landscaper isn't naive. He knows that a similar concept, Bio Bus, has failed to catch on. Still, he's
Photographer Captures Waves of Trash in Indonesia. \u201cIt was crazy. I kept seeing noodle packets floating next to me,\u201d Noyle told GrindTV. \u201cIt was very disgusting to be in there
VIDEO. The Weather Channel meteorologist Mark Elliot says using a fan in your house when the AC goes out may not be the best idea
Chevron Refinery Protest In California Sees Over 200 Arrests. The protest came a day after the city of Richmond filed suit against Chevron over a pipeline rupture and fire that sent a
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Overbred German Shepherd Survives Breast Cancer (VIDEO). Once the Veterinarian diagnosed Dora with breast cancer and she could not longer breed puppies, her owner deemed her useless. The veterinarian saw Dora in high spirits despite her poor health, and refused to euthanize her.
Przewalski's Horse Foal Born By Artificial Insemination. There are now about 500 wild Przewalski's horses on Earth, all carrying the genes of those original 14 founders. Another
Protecting What We're Afraid Of. Sharks have much more to fear from humans than we do of sharks.
How To Regrow Food From Scraps. Don't toss those old potatoes or celery scraps. Put them to work and grow a kitchen garden from leftover bits and pieces
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Poacher Hell. If there's any species that can be described as on the brink, it's the black rhino. Read more on weather.com
This Bison Really, Really Loves Carrots (PHOTO). CLARIFICATION
Lead Paint Makers Could Face The Same Fate As Big Tobacco. And critics suggest that lead paint makers and tobacco companies have used similar tactics when faced with growing evidence
John Hammack Killed While Battling Oregon Wildfire, Another Firefighter Injured. In neighboring Washington state, more than 2,100 firefighters were making steady progress against a pair of blazes that have
Warning. Last winter, researchers at the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR) discovered that moose in the far north state
Shark Cull Announced By France Follows Second Fatal Attack Off R\u00e9union Island This Year. In one particularly dramatic attack last year, a shark grabbed a well-known champion surfer by the legs and stood him up
Why Does Your Dog Cock Its Head?. Is Head-Tilting a Sign of Intelligence? Or Something Else? Or is she? What\u2019s really happening when your dog tilts her head
Climate Change This Week. \u263c\u263c Climate Central \u263c\u263c Climate Desk OO How Maryland's New Climate Plan Could Actually Lower Energy Costs \u263c\u263c\u263cActing Like You
Let Us Now Sing About the Warmed Earth. You would think it would be logical to scrap the mega extraction projects if we are sincere about solving the climate crisis. It would indeed be, if we were living in a decent society. But instead, we're living in a dystopian one.
Obama Questions Keystone XL Pipeline Job Projections. TransCanada Corp's proposed pipeline is designed to carry 830,000 barrels of crude oil per day from the Canadian oil sands
Cat With Duck Will Make You Miss Your Childhood Stuffed Animal (PHOTO). There are very few things in life as comforting as your childhood stuffed animal, as this cat clearly knows. According to
Public Slaughter. The truth about dolphins. Read more on Brink
The World Snail Racing Championship Happened, And We Have A Winner (VIDEO). Get ready, get set ... go? The World Snail Racing Championships were held in Norfolk, England last weekend and the results
WATCH. Freedom was something two Beagles named Abe and Davey had never known. They had lived their whole lives in a cage. Born to a breeder and sold to a laboratory when they were just puppies, they were used for toxicity testing where tubes were shoved down their throats against their will.
How One Family Went From SeaWorld Fans To Foes In A Single Show. Last Saturday, when Carlo De Leonibus and his wife took their daughter, Cat, to SeaWorld Orlando for her 11th birthday, they
Colony Collapse Disorder. \u201cThe pesticide issue in itself is much more complex than we have [been] led to believe,\u201d the study\u2019s lead author, Dennis
Orphan Fruit Bat Babies May Make You Rethink Everything You Ever Felt About The Species (VIDEO). From the YouTube description
Don't Be Afraid To Adopt An Older Dog, Says Photographer. The hardest part of loving a pet is having to say goodbye. Read more on Mother Nature Network
Carbon Dioxide Power Plants. From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Kemosabe The Chatty Porcupine Eats a Banana (VIDEO). Kemosabe is an adorable porcupine currently residing at the Animal Wonders center in Missoula, Montana. Based on his appearance
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Birdsong App Called Chirp! Angers Conservationists. One Chirp! app user summed it up nicely
The Most Painful Insect Stings - Weather.com. As you take advantage of the outdoors during the heat of summer, you probably don't have to spend too much time worrying
Michael Levi Talks Fracking, Clean Energy And More At Aspen Ideas Festival (VIDEO). Levi sat down with HuffPost's Daniel Koh earlier this month to delve into America's energy future, including the debate surrounding
Honeycomb-Inspired Modular Furniture For Ever-Changing Homes. An intriguing antidote to shoddily manufactured and toxin-emitting home furnishings, multifunctional BUILD modules can be
How To Survive A Lightning Strike. Russ Chapman was walking across a parking lot in 1999 in Littleton, Colo., when lightning struck nearby, knocking him to
Polydactyl Cats. If the word \polydactyl\ sounds like Greek to you, that\u2019s because it is \u2014 the Greek root poly means \many\ and daktylos means
Sea Slugs. Alexander Semenov dives deep into the freezing waters of the White Sea to capture the beauty of Arctic sea slugs crawling
Northeast Heat Wave. New York's power grid broke its 2006 record for peak power usage as people across the state cranked up the A.C., reaching
Palo Verde Beetles, Huge Horny Bugs, Descend On Arizona Looking For Love (VIDEO). \People in Arizona are used to the scorpions, the little American roaches, but with the 4-inch palo verde they call and say
Newborn Puppy Photos From Their First Three Weeks Of Life. All of the puppies were photographed by Traer Scott and compiled in the book Newborn Puppies
Bald Eagle Flies Above The Water At Bullards Bar (PHOTO). Click here to find out how you can help the bald eagle continue to thrive. Here's a wildlife picture that might make you
June 2013 Temperatures Continue String Of 340 Consecutive Warmer-Than-Average Months. From Climate Central's Andrew Freedman
These Animal 'Selfies' Prove That Cats, Dogs And Sloths Take The Best Self-Portraits (PHOTOS). Pets may not have Facebook or Instagram accounts -- well, some of them do -- but they sure can take great animal selfies
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Micro Pig Enjoys Having A Tummy Rub (VIDEO). It may be impossible not to squeal with delight while watching this adorable micro pig getting a belly rub in the video above
Ryan Gosling Urges End To Gestation Crates For Pigs. Ryan Gosling has written a new article calling on Canada\u2019s National Farm Animal Care Council to improve the living conditions
'Brink,' Weather Channel Series, Features Activists Fighting To Save Endangered Species. From Mother Nature Network's Gerri Miller
Blind Dog, Discarded By Owners, Finds New Home. It is a miracle that a car didn't hit Jake, a young Chihuahua-Papillion mix. You see, Jake was born blind. His chances of survival on the streets were slim to none. Lucky for Jake, he was able to find his way out of the shelter and into a forever home.
Lighting Strikes Power Lines Right Outside Home, Freaks Videographer Out. One stay-at-home storm chaser got quite the shock while filming a thunderstorm from inside their home. In this breathtaking
U.S. Wildfire Interactive Shows Rising Temperatures, Less Snowfall Are Leading To More Fires. Spring warming in New Mexico is among the top three fastest in the country. In the past decade, many more wildfires burned
Alpacas Find New Dust Bath And Jump For Joy (VIDEO). Dust baths to alpacas are apparently like corgis to Buzzfeed employees -- the joy is simply incomparable. This charming video
Sea Level Rise Study Shows Each Degree Of Warming Could Bring 2.3 Meter Shift. \Continuous sea-level rise is something we cannot avoid unless global temperatures go down again,\ Levermann said. \Our results
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
BP Oil Spill Claims Climb As They Head To Appeals Court. It has $1.7 billion left in the $20 billion pot it has set aside for paying these and other costs. After that is gone, BP
How to Talk to Your Parents About Climate Change. Most of us don't have millions of dollars to go toe-to-toe with the disinformation campaign being waged by the oil and gas industry. But most of us do have living parents. So let's talk to them about climate change. Because if we can't convince the people who love us more than anything in the world to take action on climate, who can we convince?
VIDEO. The Weather Channel severe weather expert Dr. Greg Forbes explains why parts of New Mexico brought out the snow plows to
Overbred And Abandoned Taiwanese German Shepherd Finds A Home In America [VIDEO]. Westside German Shepherd not only found a loving home for Dilila, but it was one amongst their own fosters. Alan took one look at Dilila and knew he wanted her.  In this true perfect ending, Dilila may have lost a good friend, but she gained a family.
10 Close Shark Encounters That Will Have You On The Edge Of Your Seat (VIDEO). Shark attacks are no laughing matter, and close shark encounters can strike fear into the heart of any beachgoer. Great white
What Obama Said. For those optimists among us who want to believe President Obama is finally ready to tackle the climate issue, it sounded as though some very important precedents might be taking shape in the White House.
Climate Change Through Sound. While scientists and activists have tried a number of ways to relay the magnitude of the climate situation, charts and statistics
Arizona Wildfire Nearly Contained, As Nevada Blaze Flares Up. \We had a really good day yesterday and things are in place ... to have good success today,\ deputy incident commander Jerome
World Orangutan Day. As one of the people supporting the inaugural launch of World Orangutan Day, we're billing it as one of the biggest events ever for orangutans. The event was conceived as a means to show our gratitude and support to the men and women who work tirelessly at their rescue and conservation.
Baby Sloth Eating Breakfast At Minnesota Zoo Will Make Your Day (VIDEO). There really isn't anything better for your morning than a baby sloth. In this adorable video, a mom and her newborn are
Inspiring Wildlife Conservation With Photography. Photography is one of the best ways to connect people with the natural world, both for the photographer as well for those who are inspired by stunning images. Photography can inspire a love of wildlife and desire to protect it.
Night Parrot, Nocturnal Bird In Australia, Seen Alive For First Time In Over A Century. \I couldn't get over it,\ he said. SYDNEY, July 5 (Reuters) - A nocturnal Australian parrot that hops like a kangaroo and
Last Stop -- The Grand Canyon. Shouldn't the Grand Canyon be considered sacred by all Americans? Do we want to risk contaminating it for what amounts to forever -- just so mining companies can profit from high uranium prices?
American Animals. Also on Vetstreet
Green Inventions. The simple things in life can also be some of the greenest. Biking to work slashes overall carbon emissions when compared
Worst Invasive Species. They're often the most ubiquitous examples of man's failure against nature. These creatures spread quickly, resist any attempt
Cat Yoga. The photo below was uploaded by a Reddit user who said their friend left her cat alone with yoga equipment. When she came
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Madagascar Giant Tortoises, Now Extinct, Could Be Replaced With New, Imported Species. To help the Aldabra giant tortoises take over for their extinct kin, Pedrono's team plans to move 300 young tortoises to
In the Shit With Thoreau. Reading Walden through Anthropocene eyes, insight and appreciation of nature seem to emerge from, even require, rupture and profanation.  Maybe these are unavoidable parts of an appreciative relation to the world.  Maybe the imperfect has always been our only paradise.
Arizona Wildfire Prompts Evacuation Of 50 Homes; 19 Firefighters Dead [UPDATED]. Mike Reichling told the Arizona Republic (http://bit.ly/158NjWp) that 20 firefighters were involved in a \serious incident
Deathly Ill Kitten Makes Full Recovery [VIDEO]. Susie was one of the lucky ones. She recovered from the distemper, although her upper respiratory infection will always affect her sinuses, making her congested and weepy.
Baby Gorilla Twins Have An Adorable Playdate In Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park (VIDEO). Baby animals sure know how to have a good time, and these adorable gorilla twins could be the cutest playmates ever. The
The Underbelly of Rodeos. Groups lik Showing Animals Respect and Kindness have used social media to such a great degree that it is hard to refute egregious acts of animal exploitation and abuse. As the 2013 rodeo season gets well under way, we can expect to see more evidence that the animals suffer enormously for the jeering crowds.
Carbon Pricing Proves a Success in Australia, but Conservatives Pledge to Kill It. One year ago today, Australia joined a rapidly growing list of nations in putting a price on carbon. It was a historic day for climate action down under, but it is possible that this infant policy may not get a second birthday.
Urban Backyards. From Networx's Steve Graham
Dozens Hospitalized As U.S. West Bakes. June 29 (Reuters) - More than 170 people were treated for heat-related ailments and some towns and cities took emergency
Time Is Ticking For Obama's Climate Agenda. As President Obama reboots his campaign against climate change, his most formidable obstacle is no longer the coal industry
What the Heck Is That? Animals You Didn't Know Existed. What has 11 appendages coming out of its nose?\u00a0 What creature has eyes larger than its brain?\u00a0 Can you believe there's an
Utah Tar Sands. That argument would be in line with U.S. clean water policy, which assumes that water deep underground will never be used
Reef Ball Green Burial System Could Help Restore Damaged Ecosystems (PHOTOS). From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
NRDC Beach Report Highlights 11 'Repeat Offenders' For Water Contamination (PHOTOS). American beaches were closed for a combined 20,120 days last year, and the Great Lakes region was the worst offender overall
10 Of The Oddest Marine Animals. Earth's waters are home to some of the strangest aquatic creatures, like the scale-less mandarinfish shown here that oozes
Micro Plastics Used In Personal Grooming Products Harming The Great Lakes, Researchers Say. During this summer's follow-up studies in lakes Erie, Michigan and Ontario, along with the Saint Lawrence River, Mason and
Right-Wing, Left-Wing, We All Like Utility Bill Savings. Most of us have heard the adage, \u201cit\u2019s not polite to bring up religion or politics at a party.\u201d Read more on Earth Techling
Volvo's Electric Road Could Power Future Generations Of Green Vehicles (PHOTO). From EarthTechling's Nino Marchetti
Malaysia's Air Pollution Calls For State Of Emergency As Indonesia Continues Smoking. \Prime Minister Najib Razak has agreed to declare emergency status in Muar and Ledang with immediate effect,\ Malaysian Natural
Poodle Cat. As the team noted in the study, the breed arose from a spontaneous genetic mutation, which makes the curly hair a dominant
Kirkenes, Norway May Be Getting Closer To Asia Thanks To Melting Ice, Climate Change. This entry has expired
Spicebush Swallowtail Larvae May Be The Coolest Bugs Ever (PHOTO). Does this picture bring back memories from your card-trading days? Let us know in the comments below! Although these little
Baby Ostrich Video Shows Bird Fighting Sleep. Ostriches don't make for good pets, but millions of barnyard animals are looking for loving homes. If you're searching for
40 Beagles Rescued From A Testing Lab In Spain Come To America. 40 beagles born into a life of lab testing in Spain found themselves homeless and in jeopardy of being euthanized. There were two options
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Dog Buries Dead Puppy In Astounding Act Of Mourning (VIDEO). In this heart-wrenching video posted on YouTube Sunday, a dog buries a dead puppy. Using its nose, the dog slowly covers
Uses For Dental Floss. From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
What Are You Bringing to New York Energy Week?. The industry has too long been defined by a mindset that doesn't allow for creative cross-fertilization of ideas and best practices, a mindset that includes a manifesto of reliability built for an economic model of scale and centralization that is quickly passing out of relevance.
'Rogue' Elephants In Kenya Moved To Meru National Park (PHOTOS). Wildlife officials are in the process of translocating 15 \rogue\ elephants between protected breeding grounds in Kenya this
Sherwin Smith, Tennessee Official, Says Water Quality Complaints Could Be 'Act Of Terrorism' (AUDIO). \You need to make sure that when you make water quality complaints you have basis,\ Smith said, according to audio obtained
Discovering A Whole New Universe In The Soil. When Dr. Diana Wall flew to the Antarctic to study soil life, she wasn't sure what to expect. Read more on Mother Nature
Internet Energy Efficiency. The thing is, hardly any manufacturers are currently stepping up to the plate to address the inherently energy-draining nature
Cat Health Problems Pet Owners Often Overlook (PHOTOS). Also on Vetstreet
Gina The Doberman's Amazing Litter Of 13 Puppies (PHOTOS). A two-year-old Doberman recently gave birth to an incredible litter of 13. Gina was only expected to birth half a dozen puppies
President Obama. We've heard President Obama speak of the obligation we hold to future generations, to address the causes of climate change, and we know that as a dad, he was thinking of his own children as well.  He has the chance to help protect all of our kids right now.
Animal Fathers. Some animal fathers out there give dads a bad rap. Polar bears aren't terribly cuddly with their young and have been known
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Louisiana's Pointe-au-Chien Tribe Struggles to Preserve Its Way of Life. Dardar suspects BP oil and dispersants have taken a toll on seafood. \Tests were done on our seafood in 2010 and the results
Solar Impulse Plane Lands At Washington Dulles International Airport After Flight From St. Louis. \It proves the reliability and potential of clean technologies, and this is crucial in pushing our message forward,\ Swiss
Suffering And Neglected. Who says only cats have nine lives? Molly, a yellow Labrador Retriever who has lived through the worst, will tell you otherwise.
8 Poisonous Foods We Commonly Eat. One of the great perks of being around during this phase of human history is that we seem to have a relatively good understanding
Ethan Hawke, 'The Purge' Actor, Talks Environmental Activism. From Mother Nature Network's Michael d'Estries
Southern Tamandua Born At Buffalo Zoo (PHOTOS). Otis was born on April 7 to parents Olive and Brutus, who were imported to the zoo last August as part of a program to expand
CAPTION THIS. We've all been caught with our hand in the cookie jar, so to speak. But that magical facial response produced at the exact
Climate Change This Week. OO Corporate Sustainability Spending Increase Not Enough To Create Sustainable Businesses  \u263c\u263c\u263c OO California Tops
Whale Resembles Alien Creature While Feeding On School Of Fish (PHOTOS). The Bryde's whale has between 40 and 70 pleats on its throat which expand while feeding, according to the Whale and Dolphin
Supermarket Without Bees. (h/t Grist) Have apples, carrots, lemons or watermelon on your grocery list? Bad news -- without bees, these foods could
Puppy vs. Kiddie Pool. There are a lot of cats and dogs out there that love anything to do with water. Take this puppy for instance. She's more
Baby Gorilla Yawns After Charming Caretakers At Columbus Zoo (PHOTOS). He's pretty cute, and the zoo recently released this darling image of him yawning. The little guy, who's technically a Western
Hula Painted Frog, Newly Rediscovered Species In Israel, Reclassified Into 'Extinct' Genus. \Imagine that somewhere in north east Asia someone discovered a local species of elephants that was not known to science
Jellyfish Cover Beach In Merseyside, England (PHOTO). Regardless of whether or not this year is an anomaly, the increase in jellyfish is threatening marine biodiversity and summer
Climate Change And The Nile. Experts have struggled to predict how individual rivers will react because that requires an understanding of flows in each
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Public, private funds revive 1940s-era recreation center in New Orleans. Three activity rooms, used by YALA and others this summer, are lined up in a hall behind the main desk. They were full of
Bye-Bye, Martha Stewart. Finally, this year rolls around. On the days that it's been warm and sunny, I've finally started enjoying my garden furniture
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Two Iowa Energy Headlines That Say a Lot About the Electricity Market and Policy Changes. \We opted for what was in the best interest of our customers,\ MidAmerican vice president for regulatory affairs Dean Crist
National Elephant Center In Central Florida To House Dozens Of Retired Animals (VIDEO). Asian elephants are currently listed as endangered and African elephants are considered vulnerable. Demand for elephant ivory
On the Trail of the Whales. I'm enjoying a seabirds' eye view of pure blue. Ocean and sky are in a gentle mood. The salty breeze whispers of wilder winds far off, as I gaze at a shimmering circle through the binoculars. I'm scanning the world for whales.
Abandoned Dog, Born With Genetic Defects, Finds The Perfect Home. Linda was told that a one-year-old blind, deaf and albino Chiweenie (Chihuahua & Dachshund mix) was about to be dumped on the street if someone didn't pick her up immediately. Instead of finding a shy, shaking, fearful dog, the dog turned out to be the opposite.
2013 National Geographic Traveler Photo Contest Receives Stunning Entries. Entries for the 25th annual National Geographic Traveler photo contest have started to flood in, and as expected, many of
PHOTO. Aye-ayes are a type of lemur only found in Madagascar and are actually related to chimpanzees and humans, according to National
'Coal 101,' Sierra Club Video, Targets Controversial Energy Source. The Sierra Club has released a startling video to raise awareness about the effects of coal on both human health and the
Sloth Images Feature Photogenic Creatures Rescued After Home Destroyed In Suriname (PHOTO, VIDEO). Take a look at an this awesome video of a baby sloth activist and some more shots from the organization's visit below. Conservation
Celebrate World Oceans Day. The ocean is indispensable to life itself.  It is the largest habitat for living things in our solar system and sustains our lives with over 50 percent of the earth's oxygen. For World Ocean Day we encourage you to find a way to celebrate the gifts the ocean has brought to your life.
Belinda Carlisle On PETA Ad With Go-Go's Bandmates. Before the gals kick off their summer 2013 tour, we chatted with vegetarian frontwoman Belinda Carlisle about her passion
Use Old Spices Around The House To Avoid Waste (PHOTOS). From Earth911's Kathryn Sukalich
Is Waste-Free Packaging On The Horizon?. Each year, we throw away over 70 million tons of packaging waste, which takes up a significant chunk of landfill space. Read
Giant Panda Camera Trap Captures Elusive Animals In Chinese Wilderness (VIDEO, PHOTOS). The World Wildlife Fund has released stunning footage of animals rarely seen in the wild caught by camera traps set up in
Gowanus Canal Pollution. Now, the channel's toxicity is being highlighted in a more artistic light. Photographer William Miller has released some
Too Beautiful To Be Real? 16 Surreal Landscapes Found On Earth. These bizarre locations may seem like a series of elaborate movie sets, but they are real destinations that you might want
Animal Commuters. From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Goats Standing On Things (VIDEO). Goats are kind of trending right now. Like the piggies that sent a buzz around the animal world a couple months ago, goats
June 8 2013 World Ocean Day - Beautiful Wave Maker Voyage. Ocean Story came about from a madcap journey. The founder, Samantha Koshare Edouardes, her partner, bought their first boat and with her brother and a few adventurers decided to set sail across the Caribbean sea, through the Panama Canal and then across the Pacific.
Foraging Tips. Ramps are especially popular in Appalachian communities along the East Coast. In Virginia, Tennessee, North Carolina, Kentucky
5 Super Cool Energy Projects Being Backed By The U.S. Government. When President Barack Obama announced the launch of ARPA-E (Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy) in 2009 with bipartisan
Sloth Pictures Show Animals' Quirky Side After Woman Rescues Hundreds (PHOTO). Take a look at this adorable video of a baby sloth loving on a Conservation International cameraman, and some more shots
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
The (Less Than) Eternal Sea. Nothing in the sea lives by itself, nothing either on the earth or in the air or in the minds of men. To know the sea is mortal is to know that we are not apart from it.
The Most Disastrous States In The U.S.. The twister that devastated Moore, Okla., was the 74th presidential disaster declared in the Sooner state in the past 60
Shark Tourism Worth More Than Killing Them For Food, New Study Shows. \Studies have found that if you remove top predators, like sharks, you change the structure of the ecosystem itself,\ he
Dogs And Cats Love Baths In This Video Mashup. While many dogs and cats seem to hate dipping their paws in the tub, some cuddly creatures actually enjoy bath time. Instead
Frac Sand Mine Proposed Near School Sparks Battle In Small Wisconsin Town. With more frac sand mining, the letter goes on, will come increased risks, from air and water contamination to heavy truck
Obese Pugs, Relinquished By Owner, Find A New Healthy Home. Sunny and Rosie's weight swelled to over thirty pounds each and their health was in decline. Visit The Pet Collective Website
Oklahoma Tornado Video Shows Storm Chasers Caught In Powerful Twister. Their car is pummeled by debris, smashing the windshield at one point. \The team is very fortunate to live to chase another
PHOTO. Storm chaser Sean Schofer also tweeted a photo of the wrecked SUV
Friday's Oklahoma City Tornadoes As Observed By Local Residents (TWEETS, VINES). Severe weather hit the Oklahoma City area again on Friday night. This time there were multiple tornadoes that touched down
Oklahoma Tornado Photos. A deadly storm moved through Oklahoma Friday evening, producing several tornadoes and causing widespread flooding. The storm
2013 Sea State Report Shows Major Protections Are Needed To Keep Ocean Ecosystems Healthy. Below are the 13 states and territories that have some form of no-take protections. Is your coastline protected? There are
Hurricane Season 2013. June 1 marks the official start of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Meatless Monday. It's Memorial Day, honoring those who died in service to our country, and for most of us, it's an extra day off.  An extra day off is a such a luxury, a delight, a bonus.  So why doesn't an extra meal give us the same thrill?
Green Cleaning Products. From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
National Geographic Everest Photos Capture Experience Of Scaling Great Peak. From National Geographic Magazine
Tar Sands Oil. Though what we should be arguing about is the cost/benefit ratio of extracting oil from tar sands, instead we're arguing about whether its delivery mechanism -- the pipeline -- is up to code. Once again, we're missing the endangered forest for the trees.
Biodiversity Loss Becoming Major Threat For Farmed Plants And Livestock Breeds. The extinctions of some domesticated animals and plants was happening in tandem with accelerating losses of wild species
Bear Cameras Capture Life Through The Eyes Of Alaskan Animals (VIDEO). The Anchorage Bear Camera Collar Project fitted four black bears and two brown bears in Anchorage, Alaska with collars containing
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of our favorite animal stories from the last week include
How Much Produce Should I Buy?. If you struggle to use up fresh produce before it spoils, you\u2019re not the only one. Read more on Earth911
Cat, Dog Best Friends Have An Adorable Love/Hate Moment (PHOTO). Sometimes that best friend relationship is just a love/hate sort of thing. In this photo recently uploaded to reddit, the
World's Most Poisonous Plants (PHOTOS). The angel's trumpet plant looks beautiful with its petals delicately hanging from the stem. But admirers of the flower should
5 Recycled Buildings. From Earth911's Nate Lipka
Climate Change This Week. Another scientist against the pipeline, credit Mary Ellen Harte @@@ Climate Change in the Media @@@ Who's Paying The Price
2013 Cicadas' Parents Had An Eventful Year In 1996 (PHOTOS). Yes, yes, the Brood II cicadas are emerging. They'll be loud, they'll be tasty and they'll be having a buzz-filled mating
Would You Buy A T-Shirt From This Guy?. Chris Yura is every bit the millennial entrepreneur. Read more on Mother Nature Network
Why Do Fireflies Glow?. From Mother Nature Network's Chanie Kirschner
International Day For Biological Diversity Highlighted By Greenpeace (PHOTOS). Greenpeace has released some stunning images of Indonesian forests and marine life in celebration of the International Day
Odin The Dog, Abandoned And In Pain, Saved By Rescue But Now Needs A Home. Odin turned up at the shelter with a severe medical condition in his left eye. His previous owners did not provide treatment, and probably didn't even realize the severe pain this condition caused him.
Green Memorial Day Activities For The Whole Family. Memorial Day 2013 is just around the corner, kicking off months of summer fun. Yet it\u2019s important to remember that the long
Texans Unite in the Fight to Save Sharks. 100 million sharks are disappearing from our oceans each year, primarily driven by the lucrative trade in shark fins. A bill that would prohibit the sale and consumption of shark fins in Texas, passed the Texas House. However, this bill faces a fight ahead.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some of our favorite animal stories from the last week include
Climate Change Study Shows Pace Is Slowing, But Extreme Action Still Vital. The rate of global warming has slowed after strong rises in the 1980s and 1990s, even though all the 10 warmest years since
VIDEO. Matt Sampson shows us how bad weather effects driving. Read more on weather.com
By Man Or Nature, Places That Will Never Be The Same. If you had any doubts that we're living in a new age called the Anthropocene -- the term geologists have begun to use to
Puppies With Deadly Case Of Mange Saved By Good Samaritan. Demodectic Mange, also called Demodex, is a skin disease caused by tiny mites. Most pups get a few mange mites from their
Sea Butterfly Photos Show Stunning Underwater Biodiversity. But while they're still here, take a look at more incredible images of the sea butterflies below
National Geographic Traveler Photo Contest 2013 Produces Stunning Images. The 'National Geographic Traveler' Photo Contest is upon us, and some stunning images have already started to flow in. The
A Big Move for a Small State -- Delaware Bans Shark Fins. The demand for shark fins is what drives almost all shark deaths. Some species may have declined by as much as 97-99 percent in the last 35 years. In other words, as few as one out of 100 may be left of some species.
Wendy's, What Are You Waiting For?. Who has freckles, pigtails, and is still holding out from joining the Fair Food Program? If you guessed the fresh-faced mascot of Wendy's, give yourself a gold star.
Is Climate Change Increasing Tornado Intensity?. But we can't necessarily say the same about tornadoes, at least not yet. The tornado connection to global warming is tenuous
Video Of Happy Animals Captures Pets Enjoying Life. Animals just know how to let loose and have a good time. Chasing balls. Running places. Hanging on doors. Hopkin, who also
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. An incredible lightning strike was captured off the South Rim of the Grand Canyon and tweeted out by the Department of the
Rise of the Sneaker Males. Biology has guaranteed that the energy of youth will erupt with each new generation.  The question is, how should we deal with it?
Climate Change To Shrink Animal And Plant Habitats Dramatically, Study Forecasts. About 57 percent of plants and 34 percent of animal species were likely to lose more than half the area with a climate suited
Handmade Mother's Day Gift Ideas (PHOTOS). From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Tips For Growing Food In A Small Space. You may be worried that because you have a small yard or even just a front porch, growing your own food is out of reach. Read
'Zombie Worms' Devour Whale Bone With Skeleton-Melting Acid, New Study Finds (PHOTO). Although they're primarily found on whale bone, the worms have also been seen in shark remains and other fish, LiveScience
Emily Deschanel's PETA Ad Targets Troubling Dairy Farm Practices (VIDEO). 'Bones' star Emily Deschanel has joined with PETA to highlight controversial practices within the U.S. dairy industry. The
Cicada Sound Demonstrated In Audio Recording. The cicadas are coming. Soon. Billions of the red-eyed bugs are expected to swarm the East Coast for six weeks after temperatures
Green Burials Catch On In The U.S.. \The biggest hurdle is getting the awareness of these choices and having choices in the proximity of where people are,\ he
Joe Biden Talks Climate Change And Natural Gas In Rolling Stone Interview. \Theoretically, it would be nice not to have any carbon fuels,\ he said. \But natural gas is a hell of a lot less polluting
Easy Mother's Day Gifts That Are Sentimental, Thoughtful And Nearly Material Free. Happy Mother's Day! Shopping for mom can be stressful. Even if she says she doesn't want a present this year, you know your
Keystone XL Decision May Not Come Until Later In The Year, U.S. Official Says. BIG REVISIONS NEEDED? By Timothy Gardner It could also set back TransCanada which last month said delays by Washington would
Sad Mama Cat Lost Her Litter To Illness; Is Made Whole By Orphaned Kittens That Needed A Mother. The story of Mickey the mama cat is a testament to a mother's instinct and love for her children. There are so many stories of pregnant cats and dogs winding up at the shelter, and the horrors all animals, especially vulnerable newborns, face in that environment.
Reuse Paper Cups. From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
Dog Rides Sheep In The Best Photo You Might See All Day. This sheep dog isn't really doing its job, but this photo posted to reddit is just so majestic that the duo look perfect
Check Out The World's First Mass-Produced, Upcycled Clothing Line. In the past, creating upcycled clothing from discarded materials often meant making one-off designs, frequently by hand. Read
Recycle Kitchen Trash. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Weird Vegetables You've Probably Never Heard Of (PHOTOS). From Mother Nature Network's Bryan Nelson
Manatees Are Dying In Droves, Florida Says 'Too Bad'. A record number of endangered manatees are dying in Florida's algae-choked waterways. Read more on TakePart
Renewable Energy Standards Face Challenge From Fossil Fuel Interests. Many battles will be fought in the months ahead, with attacks on RES laws most serious in Connecticut, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania
Frac Daddy, Horse Owned By Montana Oilmen, To Run In Kentucky Derby. The natural gas industry will be given some prime advertising at Saturday's Kentucky Derby in the form of a race horse named
Chemicals Pervasive In Chicago Air. On the brink of federal regulatory review, chemicals in deodorants, lotions and conditioners are showing up in Chicago\u2019s
An Elephant Named Tim. Tim, an exceptionally impressive male elephant, is 43-years-old. Because males wander, Tim has not been seen for weeks. Now he is here, and he is in a heightened breeding condition called musth, dribbling a pungent-scented urine that tells the ladies and the guys alike that he's the man.
The Sound of Grinding, Crunching Metal. Each time I looked at him, his mouth was opened but the mystery object was not about to come out.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week (PHOTOS). HuffPost editor James Gerken examined some striking connections between climate change and our changing planet. Check out
U.S. Transportation Remains Almost Entirely Reliant On Oil (VIDEO). From Face the Facts USA
Famous Animal Activists. From Vetstreet's Margaret Bristol
Mark Zuckerberg's New Political Group Spending Big On Ads Supporting Keystone XL And Oil Drilling. Mark Zuckerberg\u2019s new political group, which bills itself as a bipartisan entity dedicated to passing immigration reform
Halliburton In Settlement Talks To Control Its Macondo Cement Liabilities. At the phase-one trial, Halliburton's cement expert Jesse Gagliano, who was embedded in BP's Houston office in 2010, testified
Monsanto Hates This. Monsanto and their buddies in big agribusiness might want to dominate the world's food supply. But a growing movement of concerned citizens is getting fed up and fighting back.
14 Amazing Fractals Found In Nature. When you think of fractals, you might think of Grateful Dead posters and T-shirts, all pulsating with rainbow colors and
Craig Stanford, 'Planet Without Apes' Author, Says Eco-Tourism Could Save The Primates. The great apes were heading toward the brink of extinction in East Africa because of human behavior \u2014 logging that destroyed
Keystone XL. Dr. John O'Connor, who pushed Ladouceur to get lifesaving heart surgery, said such connections are \ripe for investigation
Balancing Dog, Jack, Can Hold Almost Any Household Object On His Head (PHOTOS). You can't adopt pets based on talent, but if you're looking for a new friend of your own and are ready for the responsibility
Extreme Weather Swings From Record Drought To Flood May Be Sign Of Climate Change. Climate studies have warned us to expect more frequent and intense extreme events, such as heavy rain and snow storms, along
Pregnant Dog Abandoned By Her Owners At The Shelter Is Saved. There is no harder lesson about spaying and neutering your dog than the story of Mimi. Mimi, an unspayed Maltese, suddenly became pregnant. She was only four-years-old when the adorable, white fluffy dog was turned into the shelter.
London Marathon Rhino Runners Wear 22-Pound Suits During Race To Save The Species (PHOTOS). The suits have become a symbol for the organization and were first introduced in 1992 at the London and New York marathons
Wrinkly Dogs Make For Adorable Pets, But More Skin Calls For More Love. Sharing your home with one of these dogs isn't all fun and games, though. You'll need to wash their deep skin folds with
Animal Photos Of The Week. Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Family's Community Garden Time-Lapse Will Drive You To The Nursery (VIDEO). After watching the four-minute video, it looks like they were pretty successful, growing everything from kale and strawberries
Marijuanamerica. Just as Prohibition did little to stem the flow of alcohol into Americans' gullets, its repeal did little to resolve the problems that alcohol abuse bestows upon our collective psyche. Which is why, when I think about the future of marijuana in this country, it is with a devil on one shoulder, and an angel on the other.
Found Wandering Alone With a Badly Broken Leg, Augie Finds His Perfect Home. Who knows how Augie got there, but there he was. Found wandering through an orchard with a broken leg, and no identification. How had he become separated from his home? When had he been hit by the car that broke his leg? How long had he been wandering around in this pain?
Poll Finds BP Public Image Still Tarnished 3 Years After Gulf Spill. It's unclear to what extent those opinions were formed by viewing BP's ads. Respondents who said they had seen the ads were
Clean With Baking Soda. From Networx' Chaya Kurtz
Gulf Spill Trial's First Act Ends As BP Rests Its Case. On Tuesday, environmentalists and community advocates protested outside U.S. District Court on Poydras St. to mark the third
Why We're Celebrating Endangered Foods for Earth Day. Climate change isn't just this storm gathering way down the road, it's here and it's affecting some of our favorite foods.
Earth Day Lessons. In short, Earth Day participants not only get alot done, they also demonstrate that human beings everywhere are driven by their faith, their conscience, their sense of duty, or by a moral imperative to save the planet. It is staggering to think about one billion people working together in a collective action.
The Environmental Impacts Of An Unregulated Marijuana Industry. A report released in 2011 (and updated in 2012) estimated that indoor marijuana production may account for 1 percent of the
Gulf Oil Spill Anniversary. Although BP already pled guilty to 14 federal criminal charges, including lying to Congress, and agreed to a $4.5 billion
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. That included tornadoes in Arkansas, Alabama and Mississippi, which left thousands without power and were responsible for
Short-Lived Climate Pollutants Reduction Might Slow Down Sea Level Rise, New Study Shows. Already, sea level rise has made storm surge events more damaging than they otherwise would have been. In New York, for example
Female Ulidiid Flies Expel Sperm And Eat It, New Study Shows. Follow Tanya Lewis on Twitter\u00a0and Google+.\u00a0Follow us @livescience, Facebook\u00a0& Google+. Original article on\u00a0LiveScience.com
Cape Cod Seals Photos Show Them Soaking Up Sun On The Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge Beach. Do you find these seals adorable or hazardous? Check out these stunning images, and let us know in the comments below! Humans
Bear Brain Surgery. Free the Bears, which runs the sanctuary, decided to take the chance and enlisted a renowned veterinary surgeon for the operation
Rhino Poaching In India Orphans Baby Months After Mother Moved To National Park (PHOTOS). Take a look at some photos of the rhino family from late March, as well as photos of the recently-orphaned calf, below. The
The 'Hoax'. Do we agree with Senator Inhofe that global warming is a \hoax\ and that we do not want the federal government to address that issue? Or do we agree with the overwhelming majority of scientists who tell us that that we must act boldly and aggressively to protect the future of this planet?
8 Ways That California and China Can Work Together to Reduce Pollution and Protect the Climate. China has made significant progress in energy efficiency but still requires twice as much energy to produce one unit of GDP as the world average. Enormous opportunities still remain in both California and China to save energy more cheaply than it can be produced.
Exxon On Arkansas Spill. Roughly two weeks after Exxon's Pegasus pipeline ruptured in Mayflower, Ark., spilling an estimated 84,000 gallons of crude
Abused Dog Keeps Running Away From Home and Finally Finds Help. Meet Emerson, an adorably sweet little Papillion/Pomeranian mix. You'd never guess the struggles this tiny guy has faced by looking at him now, but little Emerson is a fighter and a survivor. This is where Emerson's story begins.
Beautiful Images From Around The World (PHOTOS). Isn't the world beautiful? While all this talk about fracking, climate change and tar sands is incredibly important, sometimes
William Shatner's Greenpeace USA Ad Urges Action Against Bering Sea Habitat Destruction (VIDEO). Despite Shatner\u2019s jovial tone, the spot from Greenpeace USA is a serious plea to combat destruction of the Bering Sea canyons
Animal Photos Of The Week. Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Phipps New Center For Sustainable Landscapes Is One Of World's Greenest Buildings (VIDEO). HuffPost Live's Mike Sacks spoke recently with Richard V. Piacentini, Executive Director of the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical
World's Rarest Birds Photo Competition Garners Breathtaking Images. A unique competition to photograph some of the world's rarest birds has produced incredible pictures. The effort, sponsored
NASA Volcano Image Captured By Radar Plane On Trip To Central And South America. The UAVSAR data is higher resolution, with less interfering noise than most such data from satellites, according to NASA
EPA Tier 3 Guidelines Could Equal 33 Million Cars Off The Road, And Fewer Deaths. A recent report released by the American Lung Association found that by 2030 the EPA's proposed fuel efficiency standards
Exxon Fake Twitter Account Mocks Response To Arkansas Spill. The cause of the pipeline rupture remains under investigation. Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel has demanded that
'Inconvenience' Isn't the Truth. Company representatives will tell you that your worries aren't true, they will tell you that they would live here, that it is safe, that you are imagining things.  They will tell you a lot of things.  You will still wonder.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Antarctica Melting Brings Expanded Sea Ice Extent, Study Shows. WINDS At a winter maximum in September, ice on the sea around Antarctica covers about 19 million sq kms (7.3 million sq miles
Doubling Down on Our Faustian Bargain. Humanity's Faustian climate bargain is well known. Humans have been pumping both greenhouse gases (mainly CO2) and aerosols (fine particles) into the atmosphere for more than a century. Is the new data we present here good news or bad news, and how does it alter the \Faustian \nbargain\?
Arkansas Oil Spill. Supporters of Keystone XL and oil sands development say the vast Canadian reserves can help drive down fuel costs in the
Transocean Denies Skimping On Deepwater Horizon Maintenance. The spill trial adjourned late Wednesday and is scheduled to resume Tuesday after an Easter break. Halliburton plans to call
2013 Allergy Season Could Be The Worst Ever, Thanks To Climate Change, Some Experts Say. Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast
State Department's Keystone XL Contractor ERM Green-Lighted BP's Explosive Caspian Pipeline. Like today's KXL proposal -- which would only create 35 full-time jobs -- the false promise of thousands of jobs also served as the dominant discourse for BTC Pipeline proponents. The reality, like KXL, was more dim.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. A massive, 500-yard landslide on Washington State's Whidbey Island damaged a house and led to a neighborhood evacuation. This
Pregnant Pit Bull Dumped at the Shelter Finds Hope and a Loving Home. It is shocking to know that in Los Angeles County alone, 200 pit bulls are put down every single day, because there are not enough homes for them. Imagine how that number grows when you think of all the cities, in all the states, across the country.
'Shark vs. Mermaid Death Squad' Launched By Greenpeace To Raise Awareness For Sustainable Fishing. In addition, though canned tuna manufacturers are typically looking to capture skipjack tuna, which is not considered a vulnerable
5 Ways to Make Your Passover Seder More Sustainable. This week marks the Jewish holiday of Passover. Here are five tips to help observers to celebrate this important holiday while keeping in line with their equally important environmental values.
Pilot Whales Found In South Africa On Noordhoek Beach. \Seven are in poor health,\ SAPA quoted Lambinon as saying. \We are still trying our best to save them, but those that can't
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some sad, strange news
Global Warming Could Favor Softer Corals Over Their Reef-Building Cousins. Soft corals such as mushroom-shaped yellow leather coral, which lack a hard outer skeleton, were far more abundant than hard
Climate Change This Week. Dscn4652 irises ** Himalayas
Vinegar Cleaning Recipes To Replace Household Chemicals. From Networx' Chaya Kurtz
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week. Check out photos of the week's extreme weather from around the world
Indonesia's Protected Rainforests Disappearing. Please support the work of Sumatran Orangutan Conservation Program, Rain Forest Action Network, DeforestACTION, WWF and Greenpeace
Baby Sloths Embroiled In Illegal Pet Trade. It\u2019s mid-March 2013 and I\u2019m in a rickety van speeding recklessly along a dusty highway in rural Colombia. The reason for
'Greedy Lying Bastards' Takes On Climate Deniers, Big Oil. We\u2019re seeing audiences turn out for films about climate change. Do you think movies about environmental issues can make a
PHOTOS. At first, your eyes wander near and far in an attempt to take in the enormity of the creature. Then, a voice in your head screams, having realized that you're in the presence of the largest animal that's ever lived.
National Puppy Day 2013. Although there is no legal definition of a \u201cpuppy mill,\u201d the ASPCA describes it as a breeding operation that neglects dogs
7 Animal Sounds You Might Hear In Your Backyard. From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Huge Breakthroughs Seen At CITES 2013, International Wildlife-Saving Conference. A 12-day summit designed to protect the planet's most troubled wildlife concluded last week, and by many accounts it was
Halliburton Stays In Spill Trial's Glare As Two Other Firms Escape Blame. Testimony continued last week on other factors that led to the Macondo well explosion. Petroleum engineer Calvin Barnhill
Great White Shark Sticks Head In Diving Cage; Divers Narrowly Avoid Attack In South Africa (VIDEO). Though the cage was attached to a boat at the time, the fearless (and fearsome!) predator swam right up, poked its head through
Recent Storms Highlight Flaws In Top U.S. Weather Model. The emerging \u201cmodeling gap\u201d could erode the accuracy of U.S. weather forecasts and also cause greater economic losses from
Geoengineering Research Needs Better Guidelines, Climate Change Experts Say. Parson and Keith zero in on one category of techniques to engineer a cooler planet \u2014 those that aim to reduce the amount
Climate Change Casualties. In the United States climate change has brutalized plants and honeybees. In fact, since 2008 the price of honey in America has risen by 50 percent. Pundits expect it to reach its highest price ever in 2013.
China's Pollution Crisis Addressed By Premier Li Keqiang. \This government will show even greater resolve and take more vigorous efforts to clean up such pollution,\ Li said, referring
Animal Photos Of The Week. Here\u2019s a recap of some of the best animal stories and events from the past week
Animals From Ireland. List and captions courtesy of Vetstreet Its native species includes the good-natured Connemara pony and the easygoing Galway
Elephants -- Two Things Worth Watching. Now, shrunk from perhaps 90 percent of their former range by sprawling human populations and suffering relentless killing, elephant numbers are down to well under half a million -- a drop of 98 percent since just 1800.
Halliburton Officers, Others Testify In 2010 Gulf Spill Trial. When asked Monday \were you angry when someone told you two years later, after you had testified, that in fact evidence had
Cat Haven Preserve To Reopen To Public After Lion Kills Intern Dianna Hanson. A four-year-old male lion named Cous Cous escaped from his feeding pen, apparently by prodding open an improperly secured
Animal Photos Of The Week. Check out the newest and best animal photos below
China's Environmental Secrecy Sparks Public Anger. \But the facts proved this is not the case. 'Being unaware' would only cause people to panic.\ BEIJING/SHANGHAI, March 10
Oil Executives, Experts Testify As 2010 Spill Trial Continues. Bly was questioned about why, in preparation for a cement job to close up the well, BP decided to use only six \centralizers
Animals Playing With Toys And Gadgets Made For Humans (VIDEOS). We all have a favorite toy, whether it's the latest tech gadget or a challenging puzzle. (Rubik's Cube, anyone?) But toys
Animal CPR Given To A Tapir, Cheetah, Bird And Other Animals. \I gave him probably three or four little breaths and pumped his little chest a few times and he started to come back to
Should Greenies Own Oil?. I'm voting for an entirely new energy source by 2015. However, we're not there yet. We're in transition. And part of the journey out of what was into what will be requires ensuring that we don't become reliant on the Middle East selling us the gas to get to the grocery store.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
State Department Keystone XL Pipeline Analysis Disspirits Climate Change Community. \President Obama and John Kerry have eloquently pledged to respond urgently to climate change,\ Daniel Souweine, of the climate
Polar Bear Cub At Buffalo Zoo Introduced To The Public (VIDEOS). On Friday, an adorable polar bear cub made her public debut at the Buffalo Zoo, tickling onlookers with her unbearably cute
Tipping Points. Dire warnings that our localized environmental impacts could trigger global-scale \tipping points\ and permanently break the planet have no scientific basis, authors of a new paper argue. Not everyone agrees.
NYT Cancels Green Blog. At 5pm on Friday afternoon, The New York Times posted the following announcement
Sequester Cuts Mean Wide Ranging Impacts for Parks -- and People -- Around the Country. It's alarming that this very avoidable threat is about to become a reality. From Yellowstone to Cape Cod, the Grand Canyon and Great Smoky Mountains, our national heritage and local economies are at risk.
The Inside Story of Diageo's Stunning Carbon Achievement. Shifting subtly away from an attitude of \maximize profits this quarter at all costs\ does not mean you leap right from capitalism to communism; it just means you take into account a broader definition of value to the organization and community.
New Orleans-Based Trial Assesses 2010 Gulf Spill Blame. On Jan. 29, BP pleaded guilty in Eastern District of Louisiana to 14 criminal counts, including 11 felony counts of manslaughter
Our Challenge Point. Earth is running a fever courtesy of its human inhabitants. The fever is being measured and monitored. The prognosis is clear. The symptoms are increasing in frequency, severity and scope.
Animal Photos Of The Week. For more adorable critters, check out this video of an old sea otter playing basketball, and this awesome infographic of
Climate Change, Labor Capacity Losses Examined By Government Scientists. Part of the issue is how well-adapted certain regions are to extreme heat stress, Dunne said. As an example, he noted that
Intrepid Japanese Fisherman Turns Over New Leaf. Izumi Ishii was born into a dolphin hunting family in Futo, Japan. Today he's a self-proclaimed advocate for stopping the dolphin hunt and live trade of dolphins and whales to dolphinariums.
Dogs May Threaten Wildlife, Researchers Show. The scourge of domestic cats has been thrown into the spotlight recently. A campaign in New Zealand is pushing to get rid
The Keystone Hypodermic. The Keystone pipeline is like a gigantic hypodermic needle stuck into America. Its promoters know we are addicted to the wrong drug -- fossil fuels -- but they know we do not have the willpower to kick the habit as long as the pushers find new ways to slip us one more fix.
Boston Snow Storm 2013. Kansas bore the brunt of the bad weather on Thursday, with up to 15 inches (38 cm) of snow in some parts of the state, according
Cape Wind. On its face, a NEPA review would seem straightforward. \The delays in moving forward with Cape Wind,\ she added, \stem not
Midwest Snow Storm 2013. Heavy snows swept across the Midwest on Thursday, closing schools and grounding flights in multiple states. Some parts of
No Time to Cool Off. Decades from now, we may well look at 2013 as a turning point in climate action. The groundswell of grassroots activism that we're seeing will keep gathering momentum until it sweeps our nation into a clean energy future.
Midwest Snow Storm Linked To At Least 4 Deaths. The treacherous snow storm blanketing much of the midwest has been linked to at least four deaths as of Friday evening. Three
BP Spill Settlement Reportedly Being Considered By U.S. Justice, Gulf States. BP has said it would settle on \reasonable terms,\ but was prepared to go to trial if the demands were \excessive and not
Backstage at the Oscars. When a culturally influential organization like the Academy Awards adopts greener practices, the benefits are threefold.
Why Are We So Horrified Over Horse Meat?. We as a culture seem to have decided arbitrarily that we are comfortable making dogs and cats our pets and comfortable making pigs and fish our dinner.
President Obama. EPA's comprehensive Bristol Bay watershed assessment needs to be completed and issued in final as soon as possible, and EPA must then proceed promptly to protect the region under its federal Clean Water Act authority.
'Forward On Climate' Rally Brings Climate Change Activists To National Mall In Washington, D.C. (VIDEO). In his 2013 State of the Union Address, President Obama said, \We can choose to believe that Superstorm Sandy, and the most
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week was filled with amazing stories from the animal kingdom. National Geographic captured these rare images of a pygmy
40,000+ Join 'Forward on Climate' Rally in Washington, DC. Today, over 40,000 people poured into the streets of Washington, DC to protest the Keystone XL pipeline and push President Obama \Forward on Climate.\
Fishermen and Chefs United. Recently, some in Congress have attempted to take catch shares off the table for fishery managers, limiting regional councils' ability to make the best decision for their fishermen.
Nature's Golden Elixir. We are running out of time to combat more than 85 million metric tons of greenhouse gases emitted daily
Domestic Cats and Billions of Birds. The old adage about taking the cat out of the wild, but not the wild out of the cat now has a number associated with it. That number is 2.4 billion.
Fracking Waste. Should a Texas company be allowed to ship fracking wastewater by barge up the Ohio River prior to disposal? The company says
Rapacious War Against Nature. In the 1960s, 82 percent of Indonesia's 17,000 islands were endowed with tropical rainforests brimming with life. Today Indonesian tropical rainforests are being converted into unsustainable and unregulated palm oil plantations.
In North Carolina, Fracking Rights Rise To Surface. Click here for the original story. Covington, who is also the chairman of the state\u2019s compulsory pooling study group, says
Journey to the Center of the Earth -- Bringing Nature Back to Athens. Long ago, proud Hellenes considered Delphi and its illustrious oracle as the Navel of the Universe. Now a newly formed Greek NGO called Organization Earth has baptized its headquarters \Center of the Earth.\
Pets In Snow. Submissions are now closed for this slideshow. Thanks to all who shared photos of their pets! As people across the Northeast
Sustainability Tales From The Klondike. You might expect the Yukon gold rush town of Dawson City to be the last place to look for innovations in sustainability. But
New Eelpout Species Discovered Off New Zealand Coast (PHOTOS). According to a press release from the University of Aberdeen's Oceanlab, the researchers explored waters well below the depth
Climate Change And The Blizzard. Further, nor'easters are defined not only by heavy snowfall, but by high winds. There's less evidence for links between winter
Raining Spiders In Brazil? Video Appears To Show Numerous Arachnids Dangling. Arachnophobes would be wise to steer clear of Santo Ant\u00f4nio da Platina in Brazil. According to a video uploaded to YouTube
Climate Change. In his recent New Republic interview, President Obama said we \need some big technological breakthrough\ to tackle climate change. Mr. President -- our nation already has the technologies to protect the climate while advancing prosperity. Here's how.
2013 Snow Photos Document 'Nemo' Blizzard Across The Northeast (PICTURES). If you'd like to share your own photos of the storm, you can tag them anywhere online with #nemo, or send us a note at openreporting
Animal Photos Of The Week. Find some of the week's best animal photos below
Artists Against Fracking Posts Plea For Frack-Free New York (VIDEO). In the new video below, unveiled by Artists Against Fracking and shot by Gasland director Josh Fox, Yoko Ono lays out how
Arctic Cyclone Of August 2012 Is Not Responsible For Record Sea Ice Melt, Study Says. Though the storm had a huge impact on sea ice while it passed, within two weeks, the effect diminished, lead author Jinlun
Kenya 4. I watched wild elephants mating today. I don't know about you, but -- first time for me.  Females are ready to mate for only about three to four days every four to five years. So when a female is ready, males are excited and there is a lot of competition.
DIY T-Shirt Projects. From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
Climate Change This Week. 2012 Fits Global Warming Trend, reports the National Atmospheric and Space Administration. One of 9 warmest years on the
Groundhog Day 2013. Gobbler's Knob was quite the sight, with visitors gathering at a rural Pennsylvania hilltop to watch the groundhog of lore
Mr. Obama's Coal Plant. In his inaugural address pledge to respond to the threat of devastating climate change, the president said that America must lead the transition toward sustainable energy sources. Promising news for our children, but what are the specifics?
Altruistic Dolphins Help Seal Find Its Way Back To Sea (VIDEO). (hat tip, Clip Nation) Indeed, dolphins have a history of doing good deeds for other marine animals outside their species
Emma The Otter Predicts 2013 Super Bowl Winner (VIDEO). Emma is the latest in a long string of animals who have taken a \psychic\ stab at predicting the winner of Super Bowl. Though
New York Fracking Opponents, Binghamton Mayor Escalate Efforts To Block Natural Gas Industry. \Governor Cuomo needs to know that our numbers are growing as more and more citizens in this designated area learn the risks
Groundhog Day Facts. \u201cWeather\u201d or not you are pleased with the result, this quirky and ancient tradition has become a mainstay in American culture
Cotton's Water Footprint. Once the clothing leaves the shop, however, the buyer is responsible for reducing its environmental impact. To find out more
Animal Photos Of The Week. Find some of the week's best animal photos below
Don't Frack the Playground. Without full disclosure from the gas companies about the chemical cocktail used in the fracking process, and strong regulations to protect the health and welfare of citizens, would you let your child play near that gas tower?
Keystone XL North. On top of its looming decision on the Keystone XL, it's likely that the Obama administration will make a final decision on whether or not to greenlight shale gas exports sometime in 2013. The policy agenda is about to heat up in the energy and environment policy arenas inside the Beltway.
Renewables to the Rescue. While renewable energy still retains a \too expensive for a poor country\ reputation here, the reality is that short-term solutions to Pakistan's energy poverty almost all will come from efficiency and clean energy.
Banding Together to Ban Trophy Hunting and Protect African Lion Livelihood. Needless killing of endangered species for trophies is inherently unsustainable, economically short-sighted, ecologically unsound, and morally wrong. The sooner it ends for lions and other imperiled animals, the better.
New Orleans Launches Its Loyola Streetcar, With Another Leg Awaited. Spacious, solar-lit shelters on the new Loyola Ave. streetcar line, opening on Jan. 28, will accommodate Super Bowl fans in New Orleans. But elsewhere, commuters huddle under less protection.
Penguin Colony's First Contact With Humans In Antarctica Captured On Camera (VIDEO). According to the International Polar Foundation, the group made contact with the Emperor penguin colony, said to be one of
Portland Radon Levels Reveal Potential Health Risks. One in four homes in the greater Portland, Ore., area contain radon levels well above the safety limits set by the U.S. Environmental
CareerBuilder Commercial Featuring Chimp Won't Air For Super Bowl 2013. From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Unpopular Dog Names. From Vetstreet's Kristen Seymour
Obama's Climate Change Promises Questioned As Second Term Arrives. Attitudes like Barton's are why climate policy specialists expect little in the way of climate legislation in the upcoming
Animal Photos Of The Week. Some exciting animal announcements took place this week. Wood bison, which disappeared a century ago from the Alaskan wilderness
Lipingzi Nature Reserve Puts Panda Cub Through 'Boot Camp' To Prepare Him For The Wild. \Our people cannot teach a panda to live in the wild,\ Zhang said in a statement. \Now we leave the teaching to the momma
Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal editorial board needs a fact checker plain and simple.  It's a major paper, with excellent news coverage, and should not destroy its integrity by an editorial board that flouts the basic process of checking the facts.
Climate Change Study. The study can be viewed at
Mark Ruffalo Calls for White House to Declare War on Climate Change. Sparked by the White House's thoughtful (and wonderfully hilarious) rejection of the petition to build a Death Star, actor Mark Ruffalo has posted a White House petition calling for a declaration of war on climate change.
Animal Photos Of The Week. This past week, the animal kingdom was full of interesting stories. Trained dogs are being used to protect threatened species
Do-It-Yourself In 2013 With These Crazy Projects. If you've always marveled at those DIY mavens who manage to make everything themselves, why not resolve to add a touch of
Old Coffee Grounds. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Social Bankability, Solar Crowdfunders and Emerging Markets. If we are going to avoid the worst impacts of climate change we need disruptive innovations that fundamentally alter the broken systems that continue to build out inequitable, fossil fueled societies.
An Open Letter to President Obama for Obama II. Here are recommendations for your second term that will address energy-climate change challenges while expediting economic growth, spurring innovation, and creating more jobs.
After Hurricane Sandy, Animal Shelters And Rescues Struggle To Recover. Though there are surely many other animal groups that need help, Vetstreet rounded up information from several shelters and
Stop Reckless Drilling. This year, let's make a New Year's resolution that protects our ocean from reckless oil drilling. We're barely two weeks into 2013, and Shell Oil has already made headlines by losing control of one of its Arctic drill rigs in the Gulf of Alaska.
Climate Change This Week. You heard plenty about the 2012 U.S. drought, which still continues, but Britain endured a record early drought THEN record deluges that soaked the ground, then flooded over it, nationwide.
Alaska Oil Rig Grounded In Sitkalidak Island Challenges Shell's Plan. By Yereth Rosen The Kulluk went aground in a Gulf of Alaska storm on Dec. 31 after the ship towing it lost power and its
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). The House of Representatives passed a $9.7 billion bill on Friday to pay flood insurance claims from Hurricane Sandy. The
Animal Photos Of The Week. Meanwhile, an alleged narwhal tusk-smuggling ring was busted this week in Maine. According to the AP, the Canadian suspects
Preventive Measures To Prepare For Future Superstorms Desperately Needed, Experts Warn (VIDEO). But despite the high cost, Mattingly says that these options would be less expensive in the long run. \Anyone who's been
2012. The planet had a great year because American voters elected leaders and passed initiatives that will accelerate the move from dirty, economically questionable 19th century fossil fuels renewable energy sources that are rapidly leading us to a healthier, more prosperous future.
National Zoo's Sumatran Tigers Mate As Species' Numbers Dwindle. By the time Damai went into heat again, she was more confident and relaxed with her partner, zookeepers said, and the two
Nebraska Lion Cubs Born At Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo (PHOTO). Labeled a \vulnerable\ species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, African lions
Jellyfish Cycles Reveal Rise And Fall Of Gelatinous Creature. Even though the records don't evenly represent the ocean \u2014 the majority came from the Northern Hemisphere, particularly in
Shell Drill Ship, The Kulluk, Grounds Off Alaska. With winds reported at up to 60 miles (100 km) an hour and Gulf of Alaska seas of up to 35 feet (11 m), responders were unable
Rainbow Giddy. Perhaps the secret to climate recovery is less in presenting the global projections of a future climate -- with all their unavoidable and scary uncertainties -- and more in encouraging and empowering people to watch their own backyards closely.
On the Carbon Pollution Front Lines, There's No Normal Anymore. As Congress stumbles through an embarrassing year-end game of fiscal brinkmanship, the world continues its slow burn toward unchartered and dangerous territory.
Fiscal Cliff Molehill Masks Climate Cliff Fissure. Toles' Climate Fissure is a menacing red (warming?) set of complex and, by implication, growing cracks that undermine the entire surface.
10 Most Memorable Animals Of 2012. From Vetstreet's Shayna Meliker
Ecomarkets. Because markets see value only in parts of the ocean, and not in the whole, the valuable pieces are extracted and the rest is degraded. To scale up ocean conservation, we need to level the playing field. We term this collection of tools \eco-markets.\
Top 10 Snow-Related Excuses for 2013. With all of the recent storms, roughly 63 percent of the U.S. is covered in snow. And since we're quickly heading to the time of year when the most snow falls, here are the top 10 ways to use snow as an excuse to not do something.
Winterizing Home Tips. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
12 Eco-Stories To Restore Your Faith In Humanity. We often hear people complaining that there is much more bad news in the media than good news. This is even frequently the
Over the Cliff. Past the cliff comes what, the abyss? Wherever the metaphors and rhetoric are headed as the stalemate in Congress continues, here in the real world the stakes are high for our health and the quality of our land, air and water.
Animal Photos Of The Year 2012. This year saw a \poaching epidemic\ soar, as rhinos continued to be killed in astonishing numbers, according to the Associated
Rudolph's Red Nose. 6 Surprising Facts About Reindeer 11 Health Benefits of Christmas Dinner White Christmas
Oklahoma Storm 2012. The National Weather Service (NWS) said a tornado struck Mobile, Alabama, home to about 200,000 people, at about 5 p.m. local
Snowstorm Live. The major snowstorm that is headed to the eastern Great Lakes and Northeast has commenced across the southern Plains, creating
Tomball, Texas Storm Turns Deadly As Tornadoes Hit Other Gulf Coast Regions. Wilmington, N.C., Charleston, S.C., Savannah, Ga., and Jacksonville, Fla., are among the communities at risk on Wednesday
10 Remarkable Arctic Birds. We asked ornithologist Dr. Nathan Senner, who studies Arctic species with the Cornell Lab of Ornithology, for his top 10
The Pet Spot, Australian Store, Refuses To Sell Puppies At Christmas, Suggests Adopting. When Mandy Tregeagle, owner of a pet store in Adelaide, Australia, announced that she wouldn\u2019t sell puppies until after Christmas
Bizarre Animal Traits. The animal kingdom is filled with many strange characteristics and behaviors. Some peculiar attributes, like the hippopotamus
White Christmas Weather 2012. A larger storm threatens to bring more snow to the eastern states in the days after Christmas, meteorologists said. (Editing
The Climate Post. As lawmakers in Washington, D.C., debate the so-called fiscal cliff -- when U.S. federal tax increases and spending cuts are due to take effect at the end of 2012 -- new research in the journal Nature Climate Change says we are already at the edge of a climate cliff.
Dartmouth Students' Greenland Research Highlighted In 'Science. A new video from a group of Dartmouth College graduate students shows what work is really like for female scientists. \Science
Clean Air Hangs Off the Fiscal Cliff. The Sequestration. Lame duck session. These are terms that Americans have been hearing with regularity since the election. People understand that the stakes are high, but they may not be sure in what way.
Medical District's Bio Center Launches New Orleans Startups. Over a decade ago, local leaders and Louisiana State University hatched plans to make Mid-City New Orleans a bio center. Economists cited a need to diversify beyond tourism, but residents have questioned the destruction of Lower Mid-City homes to make way for the BioDistrict.
Climate Change This Week. Making the U.S. a global clean energy leader will ensure a heck of a lot more jobs, and a clean, safe future.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). Elsewhere in the U.S., entire states remain in drought conditions. 100 percent of Kansas was in \severe\ drought, with almost
Zoo Babies 2012. If you have pets, make sure to spay or neuter them. If you are thinking about getting a pet, consider the long-term responsibility
Kill Van Kull Oil Spill. The leak occurred at Mays Ship Repair near Mariner's Harbor in the city's Staten Island borough, the Coast Guard said. It
Humboldt Squid Researchers Link Beachings, Mass 'Suicides' To Poisonous Algae Blooms. While past researchers have only found trace levels of the toxic red-tide chemical in stranded squid, low doses of domoic
Killer Whale Facts. From TakePart's David Kirby
'5 Reasons Kim Kardashian Shouldn't Support Dolphins In Captivity'. Sadly, fellow reality star Kim Kardashian has followed in Snooki's pro-captivity footsteps by visiting the Miami Seaquarium
Yorkie Cam. YorkieCam, The Pet Collective's most recent 24/7 live stream, features one girl and two boys. The girl is the smallest of
Animal Photos Of The Week. As the year wraps up, Vetstreet has announced their list of Most Popular Puppy Names Of 2012. Click here to find out if your
'Fossil Free' Campaign By 350.org's Bill McKibben Aims To Convince Colleges Not To Invest In Oil. The group\u2019s title refers to the 350 parts per million of carbon dioxide considered to be the upper safe limit to concentrate
China's 'Mountain-Moving Project' Near Lanzhou Aims To Flatten Territory For Development (VIDEO). \The establishment of the Lanzhou New Area marks the country's latest effort to accelerate development of the western regions
The Best Destinations For An Arctic Adventure. It might be fair to characterize this part of the earth as stark and barren, but if you look past the weather, there is a
Finding Hope in the Final Hours of the Doha Climate Conference. To be clear, we are still barreling down the highway to a dangerously warming world. But in the wee hours of the final night's negotiations I asked delegates whether they found any reason to be optimistic about the future as a result of their time in Doha.
Countries Acting at Home to Address Global Warming. Some of these battles have been won this year, but more confronts us. Here are some examples of actions by key countries and why it is critical that we succeed on these efforts in the next few years.
BP Oil Spill Flow Rate Vastly Understated For Weeks, Emails Show. In a sworn statement released in April after Mix\u2019s indictment, Barbara O\u2019Donnell, an FBI special agent, said Mix deleted
With Sandy, a Call for Transforming Coastal Cities. If the \big weather\ phenomenon is real, some of the most valuable real estate in the United States -- lower Manhattan, for example -- may become unsuitable for its current level of residential or commercial activity. Real estate values may, however, be the least of our concerns.
The Bottom Line. Scientists, small business owners, nature lovers, and anglers sent letters and spoke out at public hearings. And it was all about a fish that almost no one ever eats -- Atlantic menhaden.
Climate Change This Week. Friggin' Fracking Foiling Human Health all over the U.S., as both underground and accidental above ground releases of toxic chemicals enter our air and water, reports Elizabeth Royte at The Nation. Think organic chemicals, heavy metals and even radioactivity. Fun, huh?
Weather's Two Winter Seasons. From Thanksgiving through Christmas Day, it's not that we tolerate snow and cold; we actually enjoy it and look forward to it. But for the remainder of the winter, we go back to our snow-hating ways.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Find some of the week's best animal photos below
Unfinished Business. The problem is the illnesses \u00ad\u00ad-- like BP's oil\u00ad\u00ad -- just don't \go away\ because it's an inconvenience for oil companies and the federal government in charge of an impossible situation
Cutest Pets Of 2012. Despite the near-infinite number of pet photos flooding Instagram, Facebook and email inboxes, the world just can't seem
Animal Photos Of The Week. Find some of the week's best animal photos below
HuskyCam. If you do choose to give an animal as a gift, consider adopting a pet in need of a home, and be sure to spay/neuter them
5 American Towns Leapfrogging Toward A Greener Future. Individual towns and cities are crafting their own responses to the challenges of human-induced climate change. They're doing
Opossum Facts. From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
Turkey Facts. From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
5 Steps To Pitch A Neighborhood Recycling Program. If you're concerned about recycling in your apartment complex, condo complex or neighborhood, you can pitch a recycling program
Recyclable Materials. From Earth911's Kathryn Sukalich
Chris Christie. \This preliminary number is based on the best available data, field observations and geographical mapping, and supported
2012 National Dog Show. \u201cSky is a very beautiful Wire Fox Terrier,\u201d said Sky\u2019s handler, Gabriel Rangel. \u201cShe is a natural show dog with a short, well
Black Friday Activities. Here are some alternative Black Friday plans that are easier, often cheaper, and more eco-friendly than hitting the shops
Winter Snow Outlook Offers Hope For U.S. Skiers And Boarders. In light of the complicated winter forecast, what is a skier or snowboarder to do? Typical weather pattern during years without
NOAA Seeks Public Input On Looming Satellite Gap. Faced with the near certainty of a lengthy gap in observations from a key weather satellite, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
UNEP Greenhouse Gas Emissions Report Finds Climate Change Goals Growing More Elusive. The UNEP report highlights the gap between these pledges and cuts needed put the world on a \likely\ path to stay below the
Shannon Elizabeth Becomes Adopt A Turkey Spokesperson. \Too many people only consider cats and dogs when they think about loving animals,\ she told HuffPost. \They don't realize
Keystone XL March Follows 'Do The Math' Event In Washington, D.C.. Following Bill McKibben's \Do The Math\ tour stop in Washington, D.C. Sunday, members of 350.org and other activists are
Thousands Rally in DC for Major Keystone XL Protest. The media likes to make Keystone XL out as simply a political test, a sign of whether or not the president will side with environmentalists or the fossil fuel industry and their allies. But the fight against Keystone has never just been a political fight
Protecting Polar Bears for Future Generations. Observable even during my 10 short years working in the field, the polar bears I see today aren't as big as they used to be. Their unique environment is changing.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Looking for some added cuteness to wrap up your week? Check out these adorable baby animals from the new ZooBorns book. In
Oil Platform Fire Sends Shockwaves Through Gulf On Heels of Record BP Fines. The largest oil spill in America's history should have been a wake-up call. If we refuse to learn from that mistake, it will become a recurring nightmare instead.
After Sandy, Communication Breakdown Hampered Efforts To Find Evacuated Seniors. In the week following the storm, more than two dozen family members of residents at nursing homes in the Rockaways emailed
Polar Bear Denning in a Changing World. We see the effects of a warming world manifest in many aspects of polar bears' life cycle from reduced numbers to shrinking body sizes, from smaller litters of cubs to altered movement patterns. Like a vet studying a sick animal, we see many problems in the world of polar bears today.
VIDEO. These laggard coal-reliant companies are responsible for ecologically destructive coal mining and the carbon dioxide emissions that drive global climate change, not to mention a litany of dangerous pollutants.
The Dust Bowl. See all Talk Nerdy to Me posts. Like Cara Santa Maria on Facebook. Follow Cara Santa Maria on Twitter. Joining us on stage
The Media Blunder of the Month -- Energy Independence, so NOT. America's oil addiction and oil dependence are not a thing of the past -- whatever the media may have yipped at each other's heels to tell you this week.
Fracking Sand May Pose Health Hazard To Workers, Residents. \This is in people's backyards,\ Rotkin-Ellman added. \It doesn't take much silica to cause a health problem.\ When asked
Ten Grassroots Lessons From Monsanto's Swift-Boating of the Prop37/Label GMO Campaign. Our consumer movement made the costly mistake of arming itself with peace signs and love beads for what turned out to be a gunfight with a ruthless, assault rifle-equipped enemy.
Hurricane Sandy -- Not Over By a Long Shot. Should those affected rebuild with help from the federal government? Or should this storm be the game-changer?
Blackey, Kentucky Earthquake Rattles Appalachian Mountains Near Virginia Border. Nov 10 (Reuters) - A light 4.3 magnitude earthquake rattled southeastern Kentucky on Saturday at 12:08 p.m. ET (1708 GMT
Global Warming Poll. It's not just American voters that are becoming more convinced that climate change is a real problem. Some Republican politicians
Hurricane Sandy Survivors Wonder What's Next. At the moment, Ashen has no idea what the future holds for his dealership or his employees. He has no work for his workers
FEMA Fuel AWOL For Sandy Survivors. But why fuel shortages still exist is a mystery -- and not just to furious motorists. Never mind filling up -- just getting
Staten Island Residents Say Official Hurricane Sandy Response Has Been Slow And Inadequate. Frank, along with his wife, daughter and his parents, all fled their home last Sunday afternoon. But on Monday, his parents
The Green Elephant in the Room. While Sandy has impacted campaign schedules, she has not yet altered the agenda, let alone the day's talking points.
Move Over, Romney and Obama. Shane and Sia Barbi, the animal activists and legendary Playboy celebrities, would like us to understand that humans as a species represent \the 1 percent,\ with animals and the environment making up the 99 percent.
Are Nuclear Plants Safe in Hurricanes? Incident During Sandy Suggests They May Not Be. Sandy did not kill hundreds -- as Hurricane Katrina did in New Orleans in 2005 -- thanks, in part, to timely evacuations and rescue efforts. And luckily, it did not trigger an even greater disaster at one of the region's nuclear power plants. But it could have.
In Sandy's Wake, Insurance Industry Must Better Account For Climate Change, Critics Say. Hartwig added that government subsidized property insurance, like the National Flood Insurance Program or the Citizens Property
Nor'easter. The new storm's path is predicted to move from the Southeast Tuesday night into New Jersey on Wednesday, said Brian McNoldy
Listening to Hurricane Sandy. Nowhere in the world is the issue of climate change as polarizing as it is here in the U.S. American politicians' silence on climate change is not only out of step with the rest of the world, but also with the American people, the vast majority of whom are concerned about climate change.
Before/After Hurricane Sandy Photos Show How Storm Devastated East Coast (INTERACTIVE PICTURES). As the U.S. East Coast assesses the damage wreaked by Hurricane Sandy, photos have emerged revealing a very changed coastline
The Hurricane and the Election. Just as Hurricane Sandy stripped our vulnerable shores, so has she stripped away our illusions that this election is just about our economy or our social issues. This election is about our future and our children's survival in a world wracked by weather disasters that climate scientists warn is the new normal.
After Death In Rockaways During Hurricane Sandy, A Question. ************************* When the water came, everything went calm. Though the Manhattan skyline is clearly visible from
The Days After the Storm. Like the firefighters who risked their lives, we of all creeds, all ages and all political stripes must come together and work with the same tireless strength and courage to replace CO2-producing energy sources with clean energy and smart grid technologies.
It's Not Stupid to Question Global Warming's Role in Sandy. Liberals are supposed to believe that all extreme weather is proof of climate change, and the conservative position is one of denial. When it comes to the weather, though, I prefer science to politics.
Hurricane Sandy Shows Us Why We Can't Afford Dirty Energy Projects Like the Keystone XL Tar Sands Pipeline. I rarely agree with President Obama, and Governor Romney remains my choice for president on other grounds. However, my fellow Republicans should concede that the president made the right call in January when he postponed granting a permit to build the pipeline.
Asbestos May Pose Health Hazards In Hurricane Sandy's Wake. The latter fact may be particularly concerning given that the superstorm sent roofs buckling, breaking and blowing off buildings
Hurricane Sandy Volunteer PHOTOS. [View the widget on SlideChute] Collecting supplies at a local community center? Cleaning up debris in your neighborhood
Fighting, Unruliness Hinder Hurricane Sandy Recovery In New York, New Jersey. Many residents of powerless neighborhoods have even managed to make a bit of light out of the mildly post-apocalyptic nature
Should Flood Survivors of Hurricane Sandy Relocate?. Fifty-five percent of the nation's population lives in counties protected by levees. The time has come to admit that one-size-fits-all flood protection will not adequately protect the regions with the most people, property and infrastructure.
Did Obama Finally Catch a Climate Break?. Any bounce for Obama due to perceived linkages between Sandy and climate change is likely a good thing for environmentalists, particularly given that it is coming so close to the election.
Jewelry DIY Projects. From Networx's Linda Merrill
Hurricane Sandy Pet Emergency Plan. 7) Get Back Into A Routine -- If your pet is used to a certain walk, get them back into their usual routines, advises the
How Fujiwhara Effect Will Toss Hurricane Sandy Into U.S.. A vortex is a flow pattern in a fluid that has rotation about a center:\u00a0water spiraling down the bathtub drain, the swirling
Animal Photos Of The Week. Tampa Bay, Florida's \Mystery Monkey\ was captured this week after roaming the St. Petersburg area for several years. The
Hurricane Sandy Threatens U.S. East Coast. Sandy also blew the presidential race off course, forcing President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney to
Climate Change Sandy Says to US, 'Take That, Idiots!'. We might as well keep it simple and just say this superstorm is caused by our human-made climate change.
Hurricane Sandy Power Outages Could Reach 10 Million, Utilities Brace With Reinforcements. Con Edison of New York said over the weekend that it was expecting damages to electrical equipment both above and, due to
Hurricane Sandy Megastorm. In this case, seas will be amped up by giant waves and full-moon-powered high tides. That will combine with drenching rains
Hurricane Sandy Map Shows Storm's Path Towards U.S. Northeast. As Hurricane Sandy moves north through the Atlantic, cities in the U.S. Northeast are bracing for \a potential 1 in 100 year
Hurricane Sandy. The 62-year-old songwriter has multiple medical complications as a result of having polio in 1954. Pavane, who lives in New
Hurricane Sandy 2012 Photos. Haitians continue to struggle from the 2010 earthquake, and concerns are mounting once again. \u201cThe situation is disastrous
Local Maps Show Hurricane Sandy's Five-Fold Flood Threat. Hurricane Sandy threatens to cause major coastal flooding from North Carolina to Maine. Use the links below to see interactive
Frankenstorm. With so much information being generated from weather and non-weather sources, it's difficult to separate fact from fiction. If you're in the potential path of the storm, then follow local sources of weather information extremely closely and take any necessary actions to best prepare yourself.
Persistent Oil Sheen at Macondo Well Site. There is a real problem at the site. Oil is definitely there, and it is a true problem. Think about it. From April 20, 2010 to July 15, 2010, the well flowed something around 5 million barrels of oil into the ocean environment. Only a small portion of that oil was recovered or burned.
The Politics of 'Climate Silence'. So what's going on? Well, you could start by following the money. Of the $12.5 million donated to by the energy and natural resources industries to political action committees supporting a presidential candidate this campaign cycle, 84 percent went to Republicans.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Below, find some of our favorite animal photos taken in the past week
Pesticides Are Killing Bumblebee Colonies, Risking Pollination Vital To Plant-Based Foods, Study Says. PARASITES The average number of bees lost in the experiment - both dead in the nesting box and failing to return - was about
Best Sloth Videos Ever. Being slow and somewhat lazy give sloths a bad rap. But thankfully, people have realized how cute these furry guys are, with
Actress Julianne Moore Asks Washington for a Plan to Fight Climate Change. Scientists can enlightens us with sound science and tell us,\The wait and see approach to the climate crisis will be too late,\ while celebrities can illuminate and help amplify this message.
U.N. Green Climate Fund To Be Based In South Korea. The Green Climate Fund is to be sited in Songdo, Incheon City, South Korea, the board of the fund said. Germany, Mexico, Namibia
Green Halloween Costumes 2012. Do you have an easy, free Halloween costume planned for this year or that you've worn in years past? Submit your photo to
In Oregon, Green Landscapes And Green Wineries Go Hand In Hand. \u201cThe flagship for the Oregon wine industry is a bottle of super-premium Pinot Noir,\u201d he told us. \u201cA stellar Oregon Pinot
Clean Energy Investment Slows Amid Uncertainty. Unless there\u2019s a remarkable turnaround brewing right now \u2014 and nobody\u2019s seeing any such thing \u2014 2012 could give us the first
Animal Photos Of The Week. In a civil lawsuit filed in Montana state court this week, eight conservation groups requested a judge to end wolverine trapping
Reusable Replacements For Foil And Plastic Wrap. To help you halt the endless stream of single-use cooking waste, Earth911 gathered up five clever (and reusable) ways to
Recycling Electronics, Donating Books And More. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Climate Law Is Good Business for California. AB32 should be a no-brainer for California businesses, so long as it's done right. Implementing the law is a challenge we all face moving forward, but it's one that smart state businesses should be engaged in, not fighting against.
Carbon Dioxide May Damage Glaciers, Researchers Suggest. Reach Becky Oskin at boskin@techmedianetwork.com. Follow her on Twitter@beckyoskin. Follow OurAmazingPlanet on Twitter\u00a0@OAPlanetWe're
Oil Losing Grip On Transport Industry Market, Report Claims. LONDON, Oct 8 (Reuters) - - The transport industry that burns over half the world's oil is wriggling free from dependence
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Rise With GDP But Slower To Fall During Recession, Study Finds. Emissions of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas, rose by an average of 0.73 percent for every 1 percent growth in gross
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week saw several good stories emerge from the animal world. In Costa Rica, national park rangers rescued an endangered
Fostering Pringle. His name is Pringle. Well, that's the name the rescue folks gave the scrawny Yorkie-mixed breed they'd found dumped on the streets of a neighborhood known for their high kill shelter. He is my first foster dog.
8 Creepiest Places In U.S. National Parks. For the most part, there's nothing to fear, but if you're looking to add a little spooky spice to your next outdoor adventure
'Avatar' 2 Will Have Greener Set With Solar Array, James Cameron Announces. Beyond the green themes present in both production and the films' plot lines, the 58-year-old director also has big plans
Peter Grillo, Hawaii Fisherman, Finds Japanese Boat, Debris From 2011 Tsunami. \When it occurred to me that it could have come from Japan, and from the tsunami, I measured from where I was to Tokyo Bay
Remembering New Zealand's Rena Oil Spill, 1 Year Later. In the early morning hours of October 5, 2011, the MV Rena, a large cargo ship carrying 1,368 containers, struck a reef in
BP Oil Spill Settlement. By Roberta Rampton In a bipartisan letter - a rare sight ahead of the Nov. 6 presidential elections - eight senators told
Seafloor Explorer. A press release explains
Animal Photos Of The Week. In case you missed it, check out this video of a woman hand-feeding a wild stingray. This week we witnessed a female dolphin
Climate Change To Shrink Fish By 2050 As Oceans Warm. Adding to climate change, other human factors \such as over-fishing and pollution, are likely to further exacerbate such
Alpaca Facts. This Sept. 29-30 is National Alpaca Farm Day (well, weekend, really), so in honor of all things Vicugna pacos, we're filling
Exploratorium Aims For Net-Zero Energy Use. If it meets the goal, this science museum in San Francisco will be the largest net-zero energy use museum in the nation. Read
Pacific Great Whites Inch Closer to Protection. Since the release of Jaws in 1975, we've been wading into the water a bit more tentatively. But it is the sharks that need to worry. They've been around for almost half a billion years, but they could go extinct on the West Coast in the coming decades.
Y-12 National Security Complex, Tennessee Nuclear Site, Ends Security Contract Following Nun's Break-In. Chu received a classified review of the Y-12 incident earlier in the week by the department's health, safety, and security
Carmageddon Improved Los Angeles Air Quality During 2011 Freeway Closure, Study Shows. A spokesman for the South Coast Air Quality Management District, Sam Atwood, told the Los Angeles Times that LA has the \worst
Volunteering With Pets. From Mother Nature Network's Sidney Stevens
Affleck And Damon Team Up Again For 'Race To The South Pole'. Film will be based on the true story of 2 explorers in the early 1900s and their quest to be the first to reach the South
Forget The Melting Arctic, Sea Ice In Antarctica Is Growing!!. The sea ice that covers the Arctic Ocean has plummeted to its lowest level on record -- but down at the other end of the
Extreme Weather Threaten Insurers' Risk Models, New Report Shows. From Climate Central's Andrew Freedman
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week, the world learned more about what may be the first-ever liliger. Born last month at a zoo in Russia, Kiara is
Dwindling Arctic Ice Signals a Clear Need for Change. The dramatic changes happening in the Arctic should send shockwaves through the world about the polluting energy sources we use to power our lives. We can no longer operate in business-as-usual mode.
GMO Debate Heats Up. \I do think that this new study again raises an alarm bell, and ought to be followed up by much more careful studies with
First Day Of Fall. That's because geomagnetic storms, which are disturbances in Earth's magnetic field, are more common in spring and fall than
Land of the Free, Home of the Brave. Shujaa was paralyzed. He had been shot multiple times and had to have a bullet removed from his spine. After having the bullet removed, he recovered with a great foster mom and the second phase of his rescue was being planned.
Why 'Breakthrough' Wind Turbines Are Usually Bunk. What\u2019s not to love about a World War II veteran\u2019s revolutionary new wind turbine that\u2019s virtually silent and doesn\u2019t harm
Millie and Me. Mega-fires like Millie will become increasingly common in the years to come, as climate-change clears our forests. The men and women who fight fires in our country are the best we -- and our government -- have to offer.
Climate Change. \The window of opportunity to preserve the majority of coral reefs, part of the world's natural heritage, is small,\ said
'Red List' Of Endangered Ecosystems Proposed By International Union For The Conservation Of Nature. The details of the criteria that will be used to assess which ecosystems are in danger are planned for publication in a scientific
Wind Power Production Tax Credit Can Create Green Jobs, Environmentalists Argue. The report said non-construction businesses would account for 557 jobs \u2014 432 in manufacturing, 80 in planning and development
'Test It, Maybe' Promotes Safe Chemicals Act, Parodies Carly Rae Jepsen (VIDEO). Some parodies of Carly Rae Jepsen's hit \Call Me, Maybe\ may be more memorable than others, but few carry as strong of a
Animal Photos Of The Week. Environmentalists filed a lawsuit in federal court this week seeking protection for two species of Arctic ice seals. The
'Bird-Apartment' In Japan Now Open Above Komoro City's Momofuku Ando Center. Given that birds are clever, instinctive little creatures, I'd like to think that they're fully aware of the unofficial leasing
Home Money Saving Tips. If you're a low-maintenance homeowner, then you will want to pay close attention to whether a tree sheds a lot. Sycamores
Coal Industry Advertisements Over The Years (PHOTOS). Along with these adverse health effects, coal-fired power plants also emit significant quantities of carbon dioxide. The
7 Amazing Islands For Eco-Tourists. For travelers who want to get completely off the beaten path and experience nature up close and unfiltered, these islands
Animal Photos Of The Week. In case you missed it, check out this funny clip of a dog and fish that share a few kisses in a lake. Find some of the week's
Climate Change Stress Killing Forests, And Why it Matters. Forest die-offs also impose an economic hit on loggers and those who depend on income from hikers, campers and others who
\u2018Blue Carbon\u2019 Adding To Carbon Emission Blues. Climate scientists know with impressive accuracy how fast carbon dioxide is increasing in the atmosphere. A decade ago, there
The Climate Post. As campaigning for the November presidential election moves forward, President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney spelled out their interpretations on one issue in a bit more detail than usual.
Meatless Monday. \We've lost our humanity, completely ignoring the suffering of these animals. How can we turn away and not look at their suffering when we are responsible for it?  We are what drives this industry.\
Canada's Mackenzie River Needs Aid As Climate 'Refrigerator'. There are already signs of a changing climate - such as a melting of ice roads, more insect pests in forests and even cases
Top 6 Common Myths About Smart Meter Danger Exposed. The Smart Grid Consumer Collaborative (SGCC) recently released an informative video and fact sheet designed to help consumers
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week saw a number of interesting animal stories emerge. In Indonesia, a 40-year-old orangutan named Gober can now see
Climate Change This Week. Most experts now agree that the polar summer ice is beyond the point of return, and consequences will be profound, including significant changes in weather patterns for the U.S. and other countries in the northern hemisphere.
Pet Safety Tips. More on Vetstreet
Electronic Recycling. Electronics education programs sometimes have a use for old components; you can contact the instructor to see if they are
Money Saving Tips. From DealNews' Lou Carlozo
Chris Christie's Environment Record. \u201cThe interest is there,\u201d Tittel said. \u201cBut the industry is leering of investing without the law implemented, and the more
Hurricane Isaac Animals. To learn more about efforts to help animals affected by Isaac, visit websites for the SPCA of Texas, ASPCA, The Northeast
Scrap Metal and Electric Cars. I get it that electric gizmos are sexier than their diesel-powered cousins and all that. Who would want to drive the A-Team van when you could drive something shiny and shaped like a computer mouse? But surely we're going to base spending on more than just looks, right? ....Right?
Why Green Is Good For Labor. Fighting for clean air and clean water creates jobs and improves working conditions, and fighting for good-paying, American jobs works for the environment.
Governor Brown. A bill is now on California governor Jerry Brown's desk that will end these brutal practices and save lives. The Humane Treatment for Farm Workers Act (AB 2676) says that agricultural employers must treat farm workers at least as well as animals or face the same criminal penalties.
Sea Level Rise, It's Real and No Joke (VIDEO). To help our families now and in the future, we must stop treating our atmosphere like a sewer. We can all take individual action  and become a nation of citizen entrepreneurs taking responsibility for a corner of our world.
It's Not the Elephant in the Room at the RNC. More than the economy, more than who is president, more than who is at war with whom, the effects of global warming will be a major \decider\ of our future. And yet, climate change plans were nowhere on the agenda at the RNC.
Hurricane Isaac 2012 Threat Looms Over Florida Keys As Tropical Storm Lashes Cuba. In its latest advisory, the NH said Isaac was churning west-northwest at 18 miles (30 km) per hour. The storm was officially
Hurricane Irene Video. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO SLIDESHOW Although not as bad as some analysts predicted, the hurricane prompted the evacuation of
Animal Photos Of The Week. This week saw the tragic death of a zookeeper in Germany. A 43-year-old female was killed by a tiger after a \gate wasn't
Kansas Rainfall. Central Kansas received the most rain on Saturday and Sunday, three to four inches in many areas and six inches in some spots
Broken Glass Projects. We all know that breaking a mirror is said to bring on bad luck, but personally, I\u2019m much less concerned about a supposed
Sea Level Rise Threatens Countries, Regions And Cities Around The World (PHOTOS). Below, find some of the countries, regions and cities that may be most vulnerable to sea level rise, in part due to climate
Giraffe Pictures. Native to Africa, giraffes are the tallest land animals in the world. While they number over 100,000 individuals in the wild
How To Avoid A Shark Attack. Below, find 25 tips for avoiding a shark attack. Photos and tips courtesy of Discovery. Check out more tips for staying safe
Is Global Warming Inevitable? A Case Study. Climate change seems to be everywhere this summer -- freak storms, wildfires, record high temperatures.
The Visual Chronicles of the Urban Bicycle. Today, across the world, in multiple contexts, the allure of the bicycle knows no bounds.  For the past several years, I have been documenting this trend with my own photographs, in order to tell a short story with minimal words.
Shark Week 2012. On the sled, Kurr used a Phantom to capture a \colossal\ great white breaching from water-level. The expedition was not without
World Elephant Day 2012 (PHOTOS). Want to continue the elephant celebration? Get ready for Elephant Appreciation Day next month! Founded as a royal initiative
Animal Photos Of The Week. Explanations behind several interesting animal traits were also revealed this week. We learned that sperm whales sleep while
The Best Ticket Dirty Money Can Buy. I am sure the Koch brothers are smiling this morning because they have been cultivating Congressman Ryan since he set foot on Capitol Hill, giving him one of his first donations in 1999.
Dust Storms' Health Risks. Navy Capt. Mark Lyles, of the Center for Naval Warfare Studies at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I., found high levels
Dr. Drew's PETA Campaign Advocates To Spay And Neuter Pets (PHOTO/VIDEO). Beyond spay/neuter, PETA suggests choosing shelter adoption over purchasing pets from a store. It's best when considering
Sustainability At The London Olympics. To find out how the ODA is shrinking the footprint of the summer games, let\u2019s take a look inside the Olympic Park and see
Abe Connally, Josie Moores Discuss Life Off The Grid. What does a typical day look like for the family of four? And while a concern for the environment was also not the primary
Ocean Acidification Could Disrupt Marine Food Chains, Scientists Say. So a shift towards acidification in the ocean was likely to force animals to have smaller skeletons, he said of the study
Animal Photos Of The Week. In lighter animal news, this orphaned baby walrus at the Alaska SeaLife Center appears to have made quite an impression on
Dramatic Photos of Glacier National Park Then and Now Show Climate Change Congress Denies. When the Glacier National Park was established in 1910, it had 150 glaciers.  This stunning collection drew tourists from all over America.   Today there are just 25, and they are shrunken remnants of their former selves.
Baby Sloth Drinks Milk From A Syringe At Burgers Zoo In The Netherlands (PHOTOS). Famous for being the slowest moving mammals on Earth, sloths rely on an herbivorous diet that makes them naturally listless
Planes, Trains And Automobiles. To help you choose the mode of transportation that\u2019s right for you \u2013 and has the smallest impact on our planet \u2013 Earth911
Greenland Glacier's Falling Ice Creates Enormous Wave (VIDEO). Video uploader Jens M\u00f8ller writes, \The beautiful scenery was amazing.\ He notes, \nature doesn't care about anyone. That
Shark Week 2012 To Celebrate 25 Years. Launched in 1988, this year's event is celebrating its 25th year anniversary, with new specials such as \Shark Week's 25
Old Socks. From Networx's S.E. Smith
Olympic Equestrian Transport. From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Home Security Tips. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Richard Muller. Last year, Muller told the Huffington Post that though he believes climate change exists, \I certainly feel that there is
Panda Pictures. Giant pandas may be a common sight in popular culture and are an important symbol for China, but the Asian bear species is
Enbridge's Wisconsin Pipeline Leak To Be Repaired. Another line, the 180,000 bpd Line 13, which carries diluents from Chicago to Edmonton, Alberta, was restarted late Saturday
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). This week was marked by extreme weather across the world. Severe storms hit the U.S. Northeast, leaving two dead and over
Great Lakes Water Temperatures At Record Levels. Looking to escape to the beach this summer? Well, before you book that trip to Cape Cod or the Outer Banks of North Carolina
Tornado Season 2012. The weather has been characterized by a sprawling area of High Pressure over the Central U.S., which has brought stifling
Wisconsin Oil Spill. PREVIOUS SPILLS Just weeks ago, the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board delivered a scathing report of Enbridge's handling
Breaking. Ramping up renewed efforts to end mountaintop removal mining in central Appalachia, scores of protesters staged a daring action at the controversial Hobet strip mine today in Lincoln County, West Virginia.
Fairfield Creek Fire Sparked By Lightning In Nebraska. Governor Dave Heineman declared a state of emergency. National Guard helicopters dropped water on the flames. An aerial tanker
U.S. Wildfires Map Reveals Rising Menace. The data, provided by two NASA satellites, were \about two mouse clicks away,\ said John Nelson, the map's maker, and the
Animal Photos Of The Week. Below, check out some of the best animal photos from around the world this week. A black bear cub made a visit to a shopping
Solazyme And Gevo Inc. Part Of Pentagon Effort To Switch To Biofuels. Wolfson said campaign contributions by people associated with Solazyme had nothing to do with the company's Washington agenda
Flash Drought In U.S. Explained In 14 Seconds. This animation shows the rapid progression of the U.S. drought during the late spring into mid-summer, based on U.S. Drought
Causes Of Midwest Drought. \u201cLa Ni\u00f1a conditions are perfect for getting drought in the southern parts of the U.S. There is absolutely no doubt that that
We Are the Kalamazoo. On July 25, 2010, an oil company spilled more than a million gallons of toxic tar sands crude just a few miles from Susan Connolly's house. As the spill spread, they could smell the fumes. But it wasn't until later that night that they realized something was seriously wrong
Garbage-Eating Drone Destroys Ocean Pollution. Unlike the drones that have been causing so much controversy, this robot is designed to operate underwater, and instead of
Solar Power. China\u2019s plan for 2012 will make it one of the world\u2019s biggest solar markets. In 2011, Germany added 7.5 GW of capacity, but
1 Million Names, Legal Threat Spur Arctic Campaign. Yesterday I was served with an urgent notice from Shell, the world's wealthiest oil company, whom in the past weeks we have been vigorously and prominently campaigning against in our Save The Arctic drive.
Animal Photos Of The Week. It was revealed this week that climate change and decreasing snow cover could have an impact on wolverines' eating habits
Johnsons Landing Landslide. According to the Canadian Press, the woman reported '\surges of chocolate-coloured water that came down Gar Creek' each bringing
Climate Change This Week. The grazing lands of scores of U.S. ranchers have been charred by blazes or ravaged by drought amid a regional shortfall of the alfalfa hay that could stave off starvation, reports Laura Zuckerman at Reuters News. The choice? Feed or sell.
Alaska Salmon. On the Kuskokwim River, the 2012 salmon return is shaping up as one of the worst in state history, according to state Department
Will the Tea Party Destroy an American Industry to Weaken President Obama?. Voters should not forgive members of Congress who hurt the country to help their electoral chances -- and do so intentionally. But voter accountability for politicians won't save the jobs and livelihoods that are going down all over America this summer in the wind supply chain.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). Extreme weather hit around the world this week as heavy flooding and mudslides killed at least 15 in Japan. The Associated
The Elephant in the Room. For years, too many political and opinion leaders around the world have shrugged off concerns about rapid population growth and escalating consumption patterns as overstated warnings from scientific Chicken Littles.
Bill Nye Talks About Climate Change And Wildfires, Defends Himself After CNN Reporter Calls Him 'Kooky' (VIDEO). Though Nye isn't a climatologist, he says graphs and recent events pretty much speak for themselves. Nye won several Emmys
Is This the New Normal?. It isn't the incremental changes in temperature associated with global warming that will necessarily have the biggest immediate effects; rather, it's that statistical inevitability -- the even bigger extreme events -- that will cause massive die-offs.
Change Is Here. Climate Change.. American families are looking to you for leadership on climate change--before it becomes catastrophic climate chaos.
Do-It-Yourself. List and captions courtesy of Networx Got any other ideas? Leave a comment! I\u2019m ready to clear out again, and I\u2019ve been thinking
It Cannot Be Denied. How about setting a similarly themed film in Oklahoma, beginning with residents discussing their feelings about Senator James Inhofe's insistence that climate change is all a big hoax that Margaret Thatcher, Pope John Paul II, and Pope Benedict XVI somehow fell for?
To Politicians Napping on the Fireline. These fires reflect unprecedented conditions. Atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases are the highest they have been in at least 800,000 years, largely the result of rapidly growing use of coal, oil and natural gas.
Elephant Pictures. For more information about elephants and how to help them, visit the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW), The David
'Reef Fishes Of The East Indies' Book Release. The threat of losing this extraordinary ecosystem led to the creation of the Coral Triangle Initiative in 2007.The initiative
Zoonoses Study Finds Animal-To-Human Diseases Kill Millions Each Year. Dependence on livestock Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook\u00a0& Google+. Out of 56 zoonoses
Humanitarian Disaster From Electricity Crisis Grows in Coalfields, As Coal Baron Entertains PGA Golf Tour, Rock Stars. An estimated 90 Appalachian Power distribution substations were toppled last week.  Since then, residents have attempted to fend off brutal summer temperatures without electricity, along with shortages of food, water and gas.
'This Is Just the Beginning'. Democracy Now! hosts a discussion about the politics of news reporters linking climate change to their coverage of extreme weather events with The Guardian's U.S. environment correspondent Suzanne Goldenberg and Jeff Masters, director of meteorology at the Weather Underground website.
Snorkeling Underneath Half-Dome. Our collective dependence on oil remains a fundamental threat to our economies, our security, and the very lands and waters upon which we depend and which we love.
On the Media. Given the extreme weather we've been seeing lately, it's becoming (finally) clear to many journalists that we have a trend in our weather patterns -- a trend exacerbated by climate change, according to legitimate climate scientists.
Oldest Animals. From Vetstreet's Laura Cross
Rio+20. The Rio+20 UN conference on sustainable development is over. The conference declaration, titled \The Future We Want,\ is a weak and meaningless document.
No, Natural Gas Is Not America's Future. Big, centrist, statesmanlike leadership isn't found in last century's energy sources. We aren't going to frack our way to a cleaner, brighter future. We need a bold, 21st century vision for energy.
Ban Fireworks?. What's not to love about 4th of July fireworks? Apparently, there's a few issues that cause me to pause and wonder what else we're shooting up into the sky.
Free the Rockville 15!. We need to communicate with Dr Francis Collins, Director of the NIH, to ask him to intervene to have the Rockville 15 released to sanctuary, rather than warehoused in a laboratory at taxpayers' expense.
Tensions in West Virginia Echo National Debate. Will polluting industries continue to resist public health safeguards at every turn? Will energy companies keep looking backward or will they start embracing change? Will we elect leaders who represent special interests or ordinary citizens?
Baby Beluga Whale Rescued Off Alaskan Coast, Experts Work Round The Clock To Save Him (VIDEO). Last week, the Alaska Dispatch reported a baby beluga whale was rescued from Alaska's Bristol Bay region. Now marine mammal
NRDC's Beach Report Awards '5-Star' Ratings To 12 Locations. Below, find America's 12 5-star beaches, as named by the NRDC report available here. According to a press release, these
Animal Photos Of The Week. If Fourth of July fireworks and other noisy celebrations are likely to scare your pet, check out these tips for keeping them
Polluting Countries Ranked By Carbon Dioxide Emissions With Climate Considered. In a new study, University of Michigan researchers accounted for both climate and GDP when looking at total emissions from
Is A Smart Thermostat Right For You?. Earth911 sat down with Abigail Daken, an environmental engineer with EPA Energy Star, to help you determine if a smart thermostat
DIY Wedding Favors. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
The Recycled Wedding. With the average U.S. wedding costing nearly $30,000, many couples assume that planning an eco-friendly event will only increase
Eco-Friendly Laundry Tips. From Earth911's Leah Blunt
Animal Photos Of The Week. If the weather in your area was too hot this week, take some advice from these puppies that figured out how to keep cool
Jungle Bird at the U.S. Open. Andrew Dudley, a.k.a. Jungle Bird, made quite the impression when he interrupted last week's U.S. Open trophy presentation. In an interview this week, we spoke about his experience and what exactly his bird calls had to do with protesting deforestation.
Alternative Commitments at Rio+20 Make Big Impact. Many have decried the final Rio+20 outcome document as weak and watered down, but the news is not all bad. Amidst the negative sentiments, there are new areas of commitment that foster hope that we are making meaningful progress in moving the needle on the sustainability agenda.
\No Way to Run a Planet?\. Thousands of committed, informed leaders who gathered in Rio knew -- and know -- that global, governmental collaboration must somehow be restored -- and that no progress in that direction was made here. Which is why it ended so sadly.
Lonesome George Dead. Some 20,000 giant tortoises still live on the Galapagos. (Editing by Sandra Maler) * Galapagos park may decide to embalm
10 Must-See National Park Movie Cameos. Whether they're masquerading as alien planets in sci-fi films or starring as heavily romanticized versions of themselves
Utah's Dump Fire And Colorado's High Park Fire Challenge Crews. As fire managers predicted, winds with gusts of more than 20 miles per hour pushed the flames westward toward homes on Saturday
Sydney Harbor. (Photo
'Toxies' Highlight Harmful Chemicals in Our Midst. While the nominees at the Toxies -- an annual satirical awards ceremony that (dis)honors the most harmful toxic chemicals and pollutants -- may not be as recognizable to you as Emmy nominees, they are far more likely to play leading roles in your community and even your home.
Rhino Pictures. With such low numbers, conservationists are working to protect the remaining Javan rhinos. In April, 120 new camera traps
At Rio's Giant Trash Dump, Protecting People and Oceans Alike. Around the dump, impoverished Brazilians live, work and play in the discards of consumerism. Toxic chemicals, fetid liquid, and a river of plastic trash all pollute the salt water around the mangroves, which eventually runs out to the sea.
Cereal Bag Reuse Challenge. A few brave Earth911 staffers decided to put their creativity to the test and accepted our Cereal Bag Reuse Challenge. Given
Advice From Dads. From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Kenguru Electric Vehicle Offers Green Mobility Option For Wheelchair Users (VIDEO). The Kenguru, according to Translogic, can travel at speeds up to 25 miles per hour with a 60 mile range. It takes eight hours
Keystone XL Review. Republicans want to include a provision to speed approval of the pipeline as part of the $109 billion Senate-passed package
Father's Day Gift Ideas 2012. Father's Day is coming up on Sunday, June 17th. While buying Dad a gift is something you can look forward to, take some time
Environmental Integrity Project Report Examines Coal Plants' Costs. The report emphasizes the value of seeking cleaner and more efficient methods of electricity generation. An EPA hearing on
Animal Photos Of The Week. Check out some of the best animal photos from around the world this week
New York Students Going Green. Environmentally minded seventh-graders at The Mandell School in on the upper West Side on Monday will screen their short
The Importance of Impossible Ambitions. Thinking back to a few of the most memorable environmental campaign victories from my own experience, it's fair to say that had they not been won, the world would be even closer to -- perhaps already beyond -- a catastrophic tipping point.
Saving the Ocean From a Wipeout. Surfers know the importance of balance. It's the difference between a great ride and a wipeout, and it's a principle we can learn a lot from when it comes to how we treat the oceans we love so much.
House Committee Votes to Allow Illegal Loggers to Pillage World's Forests. It is time to stand up against illegal logging and for American business, musicians that want instruments that are untainted, American workers, companies that want legal wood, and communities around the world devastated by deforestation.
'Sexual Depravity' Of Penguins Detailed In Historical Documents. Now, thanks to Douglas Russell, curator of birds at the Natural History Museum in London, Levick's report, entitled \Sex
A Beacon in the Fog. Humans have incredible technological skill and drive to produce and expand.  This skill and drive, however, is not yet matched by a drive to collectively curtail the massive environmental damage we are wreaking on the Earth and the systems that keep us alive.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). Below, find images from around the world this week of extreme weather and the damage it causes. Phil Klotzbach, the forecasts
Hands Across Riverdale. The Riverdale Mobile Homes Park has become an unlikely nexus of resistance to corporate power. The \natural\ gas industry is no more natural than coal can be \clean,\ ready to grab what it wants and force itself into the earth without any regard for environmental or social consequences.
Rocket Trike Diaries. Welcome to Rocket Trike Diaries, a 10 week video tour of the 2011 \Ride for Renewables
National Bio And Agro-Defense Center In Manhattan, Kansas Stalled By Budget, Politics. Kansas cattle producers, who stand to be affected most if there were an accident, also have concerns. Kansas is the nation's
Rio Dialogues Part II. Now in full swing, the Rio Dialogues continue to provide an opportunity for the civil, scientific, public and private communities to take their ideas center stage.
Great Barrier Reef In Australia Under Clear Threat - UN. \\u201cConsidering the high rate of approvals over the past 12 years, this unprecedented scale of development affecting or potentially
Surprise, Surprise. We shouldn't gamble what we can't afford to lose, and we can't afford to lose the Bristol Bay fishery. Period.
Green Toys For Toddlers. From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
Hope for Illinois State Parks and Great Outdoors?. Summer is here again, and many of us are looking forward to spending some time in the great outdoors in the months ahead. Will our beautiful state parks be open and in good shape when we're ready to get outside?
Meatless Monday. \Being vegan is a glorious adventure.  It touches every aspect of my life -- my relationships, how I relate to the world,\ says Victoria Moran.  Holistic health counselor, longtime vegan and all-around glowing kind of person, Moran is author of books including Creating a Charmed Life and the new Main Street Vegan, a plant-based omnibus where spirit meets stomach and magic meets Main Street.
Dogs Of War. In the spring of 2009, military working dogs and their handlers from a base near Baghdad attended a memorial service for
Animal Photos Of The Week. Below, check out some of the best animal photos from the past week. For even weirder animal pictures, check out these creatures
Gulf Coast Tourists Return After BP Oil Spill, Some Areas Still Waiting To Recover. By Kathy Finn * Some areas still waiting to recover \The phones stopped ringing after the oil spill,\ she said. Her agency
Tropical Storm Beryl Threatens Southeastern Coast From Florida To South Carolina. The Atlantic hurricane season officially runs from June 1 to Nov. 30. It was reclassified as a tropical storm on Sunday. The
7 Of The Largest Landfills In The World. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, the average American produces about 4.4 pounds of garbage a day. Read more
15 Stunning Pictures Of Starfish Sunbathing. Starfish belong to a beach vacation like sandcastles and sunburn. They're not fish, of course, but rather close cousins of
Baby Koala Peeks Out Of Mom's Pouch At Taipei Zoo (VIDEO). Even though koalas are classified as being of \least concern\ on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, National Geographic
Memorial Day 2012. Memorial Day is on Monday, May 28th this year, and can kick off months of summertime fun. Beyond the activities, Memorial
Have We Reached 'Peak Car'?. People under the age of 30 are waiting longer to get their driver's licenses and buying fewer cars. 88 percent prefer walkable
Japan Tsunami Debris Looms Off U.S. Coasts, Raising Environment Fears. \We need something much more elaborate to understand and stop this debris before it actually reaches our shores,\ said Sen
100 Reasons Why You Should Care About The Pygmy Three-Toed Sloth. Until ten years ago, the pygmy three-toed sloth lived undisturbed in its Caribbean paradise. Then the humans arrived. Read
Painting Out Climate Change, One Roof At A Time. NYC's White Roof Project aims to paint every roof in the world white by 2030. Read more on TakePart
Dirty Business. While we fight this battle against our own government for clean energy, we are being welcomed with open arms in Russia, China, Indonesia, and Australia, all who want our technology now.
Baby Chick And Cat Snuggle, Cat Unimpressed (VIDEO). Birds normally make great appetizers for hungry cats. Cozying up to the cat without an ounce of fear, the fuzzy little guy
Prey Lang. We stayed in the forest homes of members of the Prey Lang Network, a grassroots association of villagers risking their lives to try and slow the destruction of their forest.
Rocket Trike Diaries. Welcome to Rocket Trike Diaries, a 10-week video tour of the 2011 \Ride for Renewables
Gorilla Pictures. Gorillas in captivity have been known to exceed their lifespans in the wild, but a great ape's passing can still be a sad
Invasive Procedures. The rise of informed consent for invasive procedures demonstrates that, as a society, we take moral considerations seriously. People have a right to know in advance what chemicals are being used in hydraulic fracturing.
Gas, Break, Pedal. By
Animal Photos Of The Week. If you missed last week's animal photos, be sure to check out these images of endangered tigers. Animal Photos of the Week
A Challenge on Mother's Day. There were several developments this week on the climate front that left me deeply disheartened and angry.
Mother's Day 2012. From Vetstreet's Linda Lombardi
Mother's Day Gifts 2012. Mother's Day is coming up on Sunday, May 13th. Even if you love your Mom, everyone gets busy and forgetful sometimes. If
Gray Whale Population Before Whaling Was Up to 5 Times Larger, Study Says. By Jennifer Welsh, LiveScience Staff Writer The population of eastern Pacific gray whales shows a huge dip at the same point
The Lacey Act and the Law. Two days ago, I pointed out Senator Rand Paul mislead the public regarding the arrest of two men for violating the Lacey Act by illegally harvesting lobsters. Senator Paul responded and implied that it was I, in fact, who was misleading the public.
7 Skyscrapers Being Struck By Lightning (PHOTOS). With a deafening sound, the lightning bolt strikes the building\u2019s antenna, while onlookers instinctively cover their ears
Connecting the Dots Towards the Empires of Our Future. Yesterday thousands of people \connected the dots\ as they rally around the world to highlight the profound link between extreme weather and human induced climate change.
Vegan Diet Books. Take a look at the USDA\u2019s tips for becoming a vegetarian, which include alternative ways to get nutrients and protein. However
Tiger Pictures. Some may seem ferocious and terrifying, others cute and cuddly, but all tigers share one thing in common -- they're an endangered
On Mother's Day. When humans offer allomothering to other species, it often requires remarkable adaptability and advocacy. It's natural to love one's birth child. But what if the creature you are trying to mother is covered with hair, or bites you, or claws you, or has a grasping tail?
An Open Letter to State Farm About Climate Denial. Last week, Heartland rolled out a hate-oriented billboard campaign that compared scientists, science organizations, and federal agencies who acknowledge that science suggests human behavior is warming the planet to \murderers and madmen.\
Japan Nuclear Reactors Shut Off, Thousands March To Celebrate. Major protests, like the one Saturday, have been generally limited to urban areas like Tokyo, which had received electricity
Climate Impact Day. I finally discovered, over the last couple of years developing a reforestation project in Brazil, where I was born, that deforestation and reforestation are both profitable.
Climate Impacts Day. In Pakistan women hold up dots before the makeshift structure that became their home after floods devastated Pakistan's Indus
Pitcairn Islands Expedition. Remnants of a Lost Civilization More From the Pitcairn Islands Expedition Read the full story here and scroll past photos
Pitcairn Islands Expedition Photos. With all our emphasis on charismatic fish and stunning coral formations, boring old algae tends to get skipped over by most
Baby Killed By Dog In Henderson, Nevada On His First Birthday (VIDEO). WARNING -- Graphic Description Below
Animal Photos Of The Week. 18 rare pond turtles have been returned to the Philippines after officials confiscated them at the Hong Kong airport. Only
Low Prices a Problem? Making Sense of Misleading Talk About Cap-and-Trade in Europe and the USA. Since when are low prices considered to be a problem? To understand what's going on, we need to remind ourselves of the purpose (and promise) of a cap-and-trade regime, and then look at what's been happening in the respective markets.
Average- to Below-Average 2012 Hurricane Season Predicted. One large-scale factor contributing to a greater intensity of hurricane seasons in recent years is a warm phase of sea-surface temperatures. With warm water being the fuel for hurricanes, this phase produces more, and more intense, hurricanes.
Emerald Ash Borer. Baseball is a durable sport. It survived the Black Sox scandal, the players' strike and the steroids era, not to mention
Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution Day Aims To Inspire 'Better Food, Better Life'. He\u2019s a chef, author, restaurateur and TV personality who has launched a food revolution, bringing healthier eating to communities
Prince Charles and Robert Redford Together for the World Premiere Screening of Harmony. As we write from London, we confess that as filmmakers it doesn't get much better than this
Great Smoky Mountains. \There's always a little bit of fog and low-level clouds and there's always a little bit of rain,\ said Ana Barros, an engineer
Norfolk, Virginia's Rising Sea Levels And Sinking Ground Pose A Community Challenge (VIDEO). Watch Rising tide on PBS. See more from Need To Know. Despite an awareness of the risks facing Norfolk, there is still room
Cincinnati Dumps Duke Energy. A renewable energy future for the city of Cincinnati is great news; it is a great first step in the direction we need to go as a nation. It is time to see real, deployed, and distributed renewable energy solutions across America.
Earth Day 2012. More than 1 billion people will call for the protection of our planet today as they gather around the world to celebrate Earth Day. Their mission
Earth Day 2012 Environmental Issues. From government regulations and recycling services expansion to garbage crises and grassroots activism, here's how America
Reflections on Earth Day. On this Earth Day, which comes nearly fifty years since the first printing of Silent Spring, Rachel Carson's work continues to stand as a testament to the power of conscience, insight and our collective ability to make the world a better place.
When It Hits Home.... Both my homes are now disappearing. Last week on Taroa, I saw that beaches have begun to creep inland and coconut trees have fallen sideways, the sandy soil beneath inundated by the expanding ocean.
Nothing Is Immune to the Ocean. Who pays for the increasing weather-related disasters? Where do we move if we are left with no choice but to leave our homes? Why does climate change deal its toughest blows to those that contribute to it the least?
Life As a Climate Refugee. Scientists forecast that Bangladesh will lose one-third of its land in the next 50 years, and that this could cause 30 million forced migrants. In an already densely crowded country, this would be a disaster of unknown proportions.
Climate Victim. When people first meet me and find out I am a Maldivian, they often react with a comment about how our country is sinking. This is something I find hard to reply to as it is so real and daunting.
Happy Earth Day? A Sneak Attack on the Wilderness Act. No one could accuse the most rabidly anti-environmental Congress in history of resting on its laurels. This week, the House passed a package of bills that would destroy the fundamental wildlife and public lands protections enacted nearly 50 years ago in the Wilderness Act.
'Hidden Water' Video Highlights Water Conservation Issues. Around the world, access to clean water remains a challenge for millions of people. But for parts of Africa, recent research
The Climate Post. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on Monday approved the first large-scale liquefied natural gas export terminal in the lower 48 states despite record falling gas prices.
Best Green Books. Here is the list of top 10 Green Reads from Better World Books in honor of Earth Day on April 22nd. Better World Books, an
Act Different. In a famous ad, Apple asked people to \Think Different.\ We are now at a point in the natural history of the planet when it is essential to act different. There is no better time to begin than on Earth Day.
Earth Week 2012 Challenges. Day 7
Earth Day 2012. Of course, there\u2019s always room for improvement when it comes to protecting our planet. But American stewardship and sustainability
Earth Day, Conspiracy and World Government. The behaviors we need to protect the environment are not particularly oppressive. Indeed, many are things we'd want to do anyways. But they're often a big change from what we're currently doing.
Amy Goodman. Phe Pentagon knows it. The world's largest insurers know it. Now, governments may be overthrown because of it. It is climate
Endangered Animal Photos For Earth Day. For many species across the globe, extinction is a legitimate threat. A 2008 IUCN study found that one in four of the world's
Defining Green Wine. There's been a lot of talk about \green\ wines recently, so in honor of Earth Day we decided to break down the journey from the vine to the bottle to determine how a wine gets the green stamp.
It's Climate Change That Threatens Our Way of Life -- Not the Actions We Need to Take to Solve It. What would I actually say to convince them to start fighting for our children's future, rather than the profits of the fossil fuel companies?  What would it take to penetrate that armor of business and politics as usual, and wake them up?
The Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Is Far From Over. Despite the enormous destruction from the earthquake and tsunami, little attention was paid to the fact that the nine dry spent fuel casks at the Fukushima Da-Ichi site were unscathed. This is an important lesson we cannot afford to ignore.
Winter Slade, 7-Year-Old, Raises Thousands For Wildlife Preservation After Being Told Her Idea Was 'Stupid'. Asked why she likes animals so much, Winter said, \Because they're cute and they never want to stop playing with you and
Earth Day 2012. This June, in Rio de Janeiro, more than 120 presidents and prime ministers will get together for a meeting with much at stake for every person on our planet -- and future generations.
Panda Cam. \u201cThere is something magical and inspiring about watching panda cubs interact with each other in real-time,\ said Charlie
Earth Day 2012. What are you doing for Earth Day this year? On Sunday April 22, the world will celebrate the 42nd annual Earth Day, a global
Green Festival NYC 2012. Streaming video by Ustream A project of nonprofits Green America and Global Exchange, the Green Festival will host over 125
What's Changed About Deepwater Drilling Since Macondo? Not a Lot.. Tonight at 9:50 p.m. central time marks the anniversary of the exact time that BP's deepwater well named Macondo blew out, killing 11 workers, destroying Transocean's Deepwater Horizon, and putting five million barrels of oil into the water 5,000 feet below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico.
Earth Day 2012. My parents' generation sacrificed care-free youth to carry the torch of civil rights and social equality. And now, I feel confident saying that my generation has accepted the environmental movement as our cause and that we are ready to rise to the challenge.
Earth Week 2012 Challenges. From April 16-22, HuffPost Green invites you to take on one simple endeavor per day to reduce your impact on the planet. We
Earth Week 2012 Challenges. Sunday
An Homage to Heroes. This is just to say a great thank you, to express gratefulness to the green heroes of our planet, the trees who silently and gallantly do their duty. The heroes who are the lungs of Humanity, whose existence facilitates our own. I bow to their sacrifice.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). Thurman, a town of 250 in western Iowa, was heavily damaged in the storms. Although no injuries or fatalities were reported
Animal Photos Of The Week. In weird animal news this week, it was revealed that Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin \had a close encounter with a bear, four
Himalayan Glaciers Show Some Growth Despite Global Glacial Melt, Study Claims. MELTING ICE With global average temperature rising, glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets melt and shed water, which contributes
Wichita, Kansas Tornado Damages City As Storms Pound U.S. Plains. A tornado that struck Woodward in April 1947 still ranks as the deadliest in Oklahoma history, with 116 people killed, according
Africa's Rhinos face Poaching Crisis. Experts in rhino conservation met last week in Nairobi in response to a rhino poaching epidemic gripping South Africa and Zimbabwe, which reached a record high in 2011.
How Green Are Electric Cars? Depends On Where You Plug In. IT'S a lot like one of those math problems that gave you fits in sixth grade
Oklahoma City Tornado 2012. On Friday, a tornado was seen near the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman just after 4 p.m. local time - the same town
Rabbit Species Threatened By Climate Change. In Australia, another animal, known as the bilby, is gravely threatened. The rare, rabbit-sized marsupial, which boasts only
Animal Photos Of The Week. While the Easter bunny may be one of the cutest holiday animals around, his real life counterparts don't always have it so
Easter 2012. But, as adorable as they are, rabbits are more than just a seasonal decoration or a toy. When uninformed owners are faced
Fracking and El Rushbo. How the gas industry got itself in this fracking mess has a lot in common with how Rush Limbaugh's sneers about Sandra Fluke's contraception may have cost the Republicans the November elections.
Bering Sea Canyons Videos Let You Choose Your Own Adventure. The videos, from Greenpeace, chronicle a 2007 expedition to the Bering Sea and two of the world's deepest undersea canyons
Total's Elgin Platform Gas Leak. Industry sources said the HSE, which can advise on compliance with regulations but cannot instruct Total how to proceed, was
Bill Isles, Wichita Man, Struck By Lightning Hours After Buying Mega Millions Lottery Tickets. The New York State Department of Health advises those who find themselves in thunder or lightning storms to seek shelter
Animal Photos Of The Week. This was certainly a good week for strange but true animals. First we met Harry the baby pygmy hippo. Rejected by his mother
North Sea Gas Leak. In the first process Total will inject drilling mud to kill the leaking well, although this remains a risky option as human
Every Hour Should Be Earth Hour. The ostensible goal of Earth Hour is to raise awareness of what the consumptive attitude of humanity is doing to its only home.  But it behooves us as a species to be aware of the earth every hour of every day.
Whole Foods Market Bans 'Red'-Coded Seafood. Starting on Earth Day (April 22), Whole Foods won't be selling any more red-rated seafood. They'll be the first (and so far only, but we hope that will change) national grocer to do so.
Kyra Sedgwick Leads Global Call to End Plastic Pollution at United Nations. Kyra Sedgwick, film actress and star of television's popular show The Closer, is using her famed communications skills to educate the public and world leaders about something that really upsets her
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). In Hawaii, Oahu set a record recently for the state's largest hailstone. The grapefruit-sized hailstone, which fell on March
Andrey Pavlov, Russian Photographer, Takes Fairytale-Like Pictures Ants (PHOTOS). Andrey Pavlov, a Moscow-based photographer, spends hours constructing the scenes for these photographs. \I used to work in
Pitcairn Islands Expedition Photos. Diving at Henderson it is so easy to be fascinated by the sharks and other large fishes, that we risk missing entire little
FDA 'Wrong' Not To Ban BPA, Health Advocates Say. Laura Vandenberg, a postdoctoral fellow in biology at Tufts University, called the FDA studies \illogical.\ In one of the
How To Save Gas. From Earth911's Alexis Petru
How To Farm In Your Big City Apartment. Jenna Spevack, artist and professor of creative media at City University of New York, has created what she calls \u201cmicrofarms
Animal Photos Of The Week. A baby giraffe born last month at the Bronx Zoo is making her public debut next week. Still unnamed, the young female is
Weather-Manmade Global Warming Link Builds, Study Says. NOT NORMAL The high amount of extremes is not normal, the study said. For some types of extreme weather, there are physical
Dog Defends Food From Greedy Duck (VIDEO). Can't get enough cuteness? Check out the best animal videos of 2011
Man Cuddles Lions In Zebra Colored Truck (VIDEO). The best part of the clip? When two of them cuddle him and lick his head. While Asian lions are already listed as an endangered
Hatch Watch 2012. Live streaming by Ustream For those who might accidentally miss the first hatch, worry not. Each of the remaining eggs will
San Diego Humane Society Shelter Shows How To Keep Rescues Comfortable. Walk into the San Diego Humane Society Shelter in Oceanside, Calif., and you won't hear a single bark. That's because the
Is Walking A Form Of Activism?. For all but the last hundred years, walking has been humanity's primary mode of transportation. Today, though, simply strolling
Natural Gas Wells Proliferation Poisoning Children's Air, Research Suggests. McKenzie said the results also pointed to potentially significant respiratory and neurological effects. For children, this
Exxon Valdez Oil Spill a Cautionary Tale for Arctic Ocean Drilling. The Exxon Valdez disaster remains a tragic lesson in what can be lost with a few bad policy decisions and a few broken promises. The spill became an enduring symbol of recklessness, hubris, arrogance, complacency and outright dishonesty.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). This week was marked by extreme weather in the U.S., although it wasn't unpleasant for many. Environmentalist Bill McKibben
Spring Weather 2012. On top of a warmer winter and spring, the prospect of a warmer and drier summer in 2012 is especially troubling to many Americans
Coiba, Panama. By Jenifer Austin Foulkes, Oceans Program Manager, Google
Climate Change Concerns, Economic Hardship Don't Mix, Study Says. A recent analysis of public opinion data in the United States and Europe offers an explanation
Marlins' Stadium Fish Aquarium Is Animal Abuse, Activists Claim. So, will noise and stadium vibrations actually upset the fish? One might ask
Animal Photos Of The Week. In other animal news, two koala joeys at the San Diego Zoo received a clean bill of health after their first routine medical
Brazil Oil Spill. Chevron's spill in November leaked as many as 3,000 barrels from sea-floor cracks. It resulted in an $11 billion civil lawsuit
Going Green in the City. Way too many of us believe we can't go green because we live in the city, have no land, have a small apartment, etc. etc. So we continue to be slaves of the supermarket.
Henryville High School Releases Terrifying Tornado Footage From School Security Cameras (VIDEO). \I still think it's hopeful,\ Henryville Junior-Senior High School Principal Troy Albert told WTHR News. \When you see the
U.S. Warmth Continues, but Globally Coolest Land Temperatures Since 1994. In other words, just as cold winter in the U.S. during the previous two years did not mean that it was cold globally, a warm U.S. winter this year didn't mean that it was warm globally.
Brazil Navy. The company said it was taking the step as a precautionary measure to study its \reservoir management plans\ in Brazil, where
St. Patrick's Day 2012. On March 17th, St. Patrick's Day will be celebrated by the Irish (and many others) around the world. In addition to the eating
Evaluating Green Communities. Trails, sidewalks, and open spaces not only encourage residents to interact with their environment, but also promote a strong sense of community by facilitating interactions among neighbors.
Japan Earthquake. Look back in history and read about some of the most common, and ultimately probably overstated, radiation fears that hit
Animal Photos Of The Week. It was revealed this week that an elderly gorilla at a zoo in Pennsylvania received a new companion. Samantha, a 47-year
'Cycle for Water'. Two men from the Netherlands have cycled some 30,000 kilometers from Alaska to Antarctica aboard bamboo bicycles. Their mission
World Water Supply. Farmers will need to grow 70 percent more food by that time as rising living standards mean individuals demand more food
Japan Tsunami Debris, Degrading Into Tiny Bits Of Plastic, Could Pose Health Risk. Last year, researchers discovered that about 80 percent of the plastic they collected along shorelines was in the form of
Dirty vs. Green Jobs. Unions and environmentalists agree on most issues. With this in mind, it's time for labor and environmentalists to sit down and hammer out plans for putting union members to work rebuilding our country and protecting the planet.
The Bottom Line. For decades, fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico have used surface longlines to catch swordfish and yellowfin tuna, a method catches and kills large numbers of rare and endangered ocean wildlife, which are usually thrown overboard dead or dying.
Green Home Makeover. From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
Settling Ownership of the Bounty of the High Seas. Many ocean species that are over-exploited and traded internationally live in areas beyond national jurisdiction, a region known as the high seas that starts 200 miles from shore and covers half the Earth.
Indiana Tornadoes. Assistance can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses and
Sea Shepherd Declares Victory. The controversial group has come under legal fire recently. In February, Japanese whalers asked a U.S. judge to freeze Sea
Earth to Newt. Gingrich has pledged that if he is elected, gas prices will be reduced to $2 or $2.50 gallon. Were this to happen, however, no one would be more unhappy than TransCanada, the builder of the Keystone Pipeline.
Aging Nuclear Reactors. While reporting on the Diablo Canyon story, one of the most surprising things that I learned was how the NRC oversaw the relicensing of aging nuclear power plants.
DIY Household Cleaners. Just a few generations back, the formula for a spiffy house contained two simple elements at its core
Unpopular Dog Names And Cat Names. Sounds Like . . . In addition to the meaning behind a name and the connotations it may hold, we also have to take into account
Enbridge Pipeline. Two people, including a firefighter, were reported killed and three others were critically injured. The incident occurred
China Lead Pollution Reportedly Poisons Children. (Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani) China is the world's largest consumer of refined lead, with 70 percent
Newspaper Recycling Tips For Home Projects. From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS). Areas of northern Alabama were also struck by tornadoes, including parts of Madison County, Alabama where homes were reportedly
Iditarod Race Raises Questions Of Animal Cruelty. Animal advocates have long claimed the Iditarod is too extreme, citing its history of dog deaths -- 142 since 1973, according
7 Odd, Natural Ways To Boost Your Health. Call them antiquated. Call them smart. Call them crazy. But science is finding that many natural practices -- things humans
Patricia Barnett, Georgia Woman, Found Dead In Alpharetta After Storm. When they emerged from their closet, they found the roof above their kitchen had blown away, as had most of their front porch
Will Tornado Season Be as Bad as Last Year?. Frequent and intense tornado outbreaks resulted in 552 tornado-related deaths in 2011, the second deadliest year on record, from 1,709 tornadoes, raising fears that this will be another devastating year for tornadoes.
Animal Photos Of The Week. This weekend saw the start of Alaska's famous Iditarod sled dog race. Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon breaks down
Top Dog Names And Cat Names. For some added insight about these increasingly popular names, we also asked Laura Wattenberg, author of The Baby Name Wizard
I'm Stuck in a Bad Relationship, Part 2. A good relationship is built on respect. A good relationship demands that you listen to your partner. But we, as a society, have not been listening to planet Earth and the signals she is sending.
Henryville High School Severely Damaged By Indiana Tornado (VIDEO). So far, WTHR reports that at least four people have been killed by the storms in southern Indiana, according to authorities
Pekin, Indiana Child Survives Storm, Taken To Kosair Children's Hospital. The child was transported by helicopter to Kosair on Friday after being stabilized at a tiny rural hospital in Salem, Indiana
Sustainable Tourism. When most people think of tourism, they probably don't think about an industry that can contribute to global solutions for the difficult challenges facing the planet.
Animal Photos Of The Week. A recent report from a mining company, \whose ... operations have polluted nearby creeks in southern Idaho,\ according to
New York Fracking Ban In Towns Upheld By Second Judge. Fracking is a process in which chemical-laced water and sand are blasted deep below ground to release oil and natural gas
What Jeremy Lin and US-China Cooperation on Climate Change Don't (Yet) Have in Common. If China and the U.S. aim to bring their own version of \Linsanity\ to climate and energy policy under new leadership, then both countries must pursue active and open dialogue and seek middle ground in the current race of self-interest.
'Chasing Ice' -- The Climate Change Debate Is Over. 
Who Grows Our Food. Seeds are where it all begins.  They promise the start of things.  They're \the very basis of our food and agriculture,\ says Theresa Podoll of Prairie Road Organic Farm.
6 Everyday Things Seen Really Close Up. I bought my daughters, ages 7 and 9, a fairly decent microscope for Christmas last year, and I'm pretty sure that since then
Heartland Republicans. From the heartland, a group of Republicans have made an open call for a serious investigation of the leaked heartless Heartland Institute documents.
\The Hand of Man\. \The Hand of Man\ takes the listener to White Star Holler in Kentucky, where seven generations of mountain families have struggled to defend their lives and livelihoods from the toxic fallout from coal company destruction.
Avon, Estee Lauder And Mary Kay Allegedly Testing Makeup On Animals. From MNN blogger Starre Vartan
Forget Logic, It's Just Climate Schizophrenia. Countless leaders recognize the threat of climate change and call for action to reverse it, yet continue to implement policies which do the opposite.
Animal Photos Of The Week. Other animals are a little more well-behaved. This unique photograph from a zoo near London appears to be catch an otter
London's Olympic Park Cleanup Transformed Polluted Site (PHOTOS). Below, check out pictures of the transformation of the area that became the Olympic Park. Images courtesy of UK Environment
Alaska's Aleutian Islands Volcano Could Erupt, Scientists Say. Cleveland Volcano, located on an uninhabited island 940 miles southwest of Anchorage, had an ash-producing explosion in late
Protesters to Keystone XL Pipeline. As Congressional Republicans and Big Oil allies allies in Washington try to resuscitate the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline, people on the front lines have opened a new campaign to stop the massive $7 billion project.
Why Global Warming Still Considered Target Of Skepticism For Americans. That's simply not true, Jon Krosnick of Stanford University told an audience of social scientists and cognitive researchers
Otter Casts Worries To The Heavens, Prays (PHOTO). \I've had lots of religious people call me up, saying that I was a tool doing the Lords work,\ Kolodzinski said, according
Going Hog Wild. Regardless of its origin, debate abounds over just how much danger is posed by MRSA in meat. According to Liz Wagstrom, chief
Waste Less Trash. From Terri Bennett, Founder of DoYourPart.com
EU Carbon Trade Deal Urged By Airlines. \The risk for airlines is that if this does degenerate into tit-for-tat trade war, then airlines will be caught in the crossfire
Panda Webcams At China Conservation And Research Center (VIDEOS). The pandas, females Yaoman, Shinbing and Yaoxin and male Lulin, are housed in two separate areas at the Ya'an Panda Base
Animal Photos Of The Week. If animals giving rides to each other surprises you, be sure to check out this video of a dog who's also an adept turntablist
Greening the Grammys. By itself, the Grammys telecast does not instigate major ecological impacts. But each and every procurement decision, and all operations, are reviewed with an eye towards reducing the event's ecological footprint.
The Class of Talkers Playing Down the Cost of Fossil Fuel Dependence. The fossil fuel lobby aggressively uses propaganda to block public health protections, manipulate the energy debate, defend their massive government handouts and attack clean energy sources that threaten to displace them.
Keystone XL. We've been to jail, we've marched on Washington; this week it's pixels and keystrokes. This electronic blitz is an effort to show Congress that there's support out there for doing the right thing.
Puppy Bowl 2012. Check out the adorable Animal Planet videos below from 2012's Puppy Bowl VIII
Animal Photos Of The Week. One of the cutest cats around might be Harold, a black and white cat from Washington, D.C., whose owners regularly walk him
Super Bowl XLVI. While some may argue the Super Bowl has a long way to go before becoming eco-friendly, TreeHugger's Tom Szaky wrote, \I couldn't
Bahuaja Sonene National Park Holds 365 Previously Undocumented Species (PHOTOS). Bahuaja Sonene National Park contains more than 600 bird species including seven different types of macaw, more than 180
Super Bowl 2012. For more reading on the topic
Susan G. Komen's Other Gaffe. Komen does women a disservice by continuing to channel funds into animal tests, while other cancer charities have moved on from such old-fashioned abominations or never engaged in them to begin with.
Antarctic Glaciers and the Global Water Crisis. From the ice melting in Antarctica, to rising sea levels flooding Bangladesh, to the prospect of a compromised drinking water supply in New York City, the world's glaciers tie together our greatest challenges of the 21st century.
4 Professional Snowboarders Who Double As Environmentalists. Professional snowboarders have awesome jobs
Puppy Bowl VIII Referee Explains Rules Of The Game (VIDEO). Dan Schachner, the official Puppy Bowl referee, sat down to explain the rules of the 8th annual Animal Planet Puppy Bowl
Josh Fox, 'Gasland' Director, Talks Of Capitol Hill Arrest. Fox asked to attend when the hearing was announced on Monday. By Tuesday morning, he had been refused by Republican leadership
Winter Utility Bills. From Terri Bennett, founder of DoYourPart.com
NASA Visualization Shows Global Temperature Changes (VIDEO). The world's average temperature in 2011 was 0.92 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the mid-20th century baseline period of 1951
Animal Photos Of The Week. Are you not a football fan? If cute animals are more your thing, get your head in the game for Puppy Bowl VIII. The Puppy
John Boehner. Republicans in the Senate also plan to introduce a Keystone bill. Some Senate Democrats back the pipeline, but its passage
Boxer Puppy And Cows Make Friends During Walk In Newcastle (VIDEO). This bevy of otters were also filmed having a pretty fun time with an unlucky butterfly that had made its way into the otters
'Black Smoker' Vents. Photos and captions courtesy of University of Southampton and NOC. Connelly's co-leader, marine biologist Dr. Jon Copley
Green Activists. If you look at some of today's most prominent green activists and environmentalists, you'll notice that many of them have
Winter Weather Photo Contest. While severe winter weather has devastated some regions around the world, other storms have created visually stunning scenes
Insects Top Newly Discovered Species List. Species IDs need improvement In addition to the new report, the species institute is releasing a Retro State of Observed
