Modeling Agencies Enabled Sexual Predators For Years, Former Agent Says. In the 1980s and '90s, Carolyn Kramer said she and her colleagues knew about allegedly predatory photographers, and sent their models to them anyway.
Actor Jeff Hiller Talks \u201cBright Colors And Bold Patterns\u201d and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with actor Jeff Hiller about the hit Off Broadway play Bright Colors And Bold Patterns that he\u2019ll be joining
New Yorker Cover Puts Trump 'In The Hole' After 'Racist' Comment. The president reportedly referred to groups of immigrants as coming from \shithole countries.\
J. K. Rowling Trolls Trump For Canceled UK Visit With Clucking Great Emoji. Not a scaredy-cat.
Man Surprises Girlfriend By Drawing Them In Different Animation Styles. What a colorful Christmas gift.
This Artist Gives Renaissance-Style Sculptures A Goofy Modern Twist. She's been waiting 500 years to pick that nose.
This Dutch 23-Year-Old Epitomizes The Future Of American Filmmaking. Joosje Duk's short film \Night\ depicts racial profiling with a surreal accessibility.
Broadway Actor Ben Vereen Accused Of Sexual Assault In 2015 'Hair' Production. Four women accused Vereen of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault.
Sculptures From This International Ice And Snow Festival Are Mind-Boggling. A true winter wonderland!
The Met Museum Is Changing Its Pay-As-You-Wish Admission Policy. For the first time in nearly 50 years, out-of-towners will have to pay a set price to enter the public museum.
Asian-American Creatives Are Coming Together On A New Hashtag And It's Damn Beautiful. Comics writer Greg Pak is leading the charge of writers, filmmakers, podcasters and more.
Duncan Jones Finds A Literary Way To Remember His Father, David Bowie. \My dad was a beast of a reader.\
Cartoon Perfectly Sums Up That 'Back To Work' After Holidays Feeling. Too relatable.
Mystery Novelist Sue Grafton Dead At 77. The author of \A is for Alibi\ was \surrounded by family\ at the time of her death, her daughter said.
'Dick Van Dyke' Cast Member Rose Marie Dead At 94. The actress spent 91 years in show business.
The Best Comments From Milo Yiannopoulos' Editor On His Spiked Manuscript. Christmas has come late.
Women-Only Art Shows Stood Out In 2017. Let's Leave Them There.. \Radical Women\ and \We Wanted a Revolution\ were among the best shows of the year. But women artists deserve more.
Merriam-Webster Tweets About 'Doggos,' Gets Flooded With 'Good Boys And Girls'. Don't stop retrievin'.
60 Books We Can't Wait To Read In 2018. Bring on the new year, and a new TBR pile stacked with fresh reads.
A Very Vintage Holiday. Get into the spirit of the season with these nostalgic photographs!
Why Do We Call That Holiday Game Yankee Swap, White Elephant And Dirty Santa?. Unpacking the history of the popular gift exchange game.
People Aren't Sure What Oxford Dictionaries' Word Of The Year Actually Means. \This is not a word that I have ever heard used.\
Even Taylor Swift Loves Broadway's Shoshana Bean, Cynthia Erivo Covering Her Song. \u201cPeople\u2019s reaction is beyond anything I could ever...\
Cards Against Humanity Tackles Wealth Inequality, Sends Money To Poor. The card game company set out to help 100 people by giving them $1,000 each.
New Allegation. She\u2019s coming forward 10 years later because she hopes her story might help younger women in the fashion industry.
Merriam-Webster Expertly Sums Up 2017 With Its Word Of The Year. No, it's not \dotard\ -- although Kim Jong Un's insult did make the top 10.
Spike Lee's 'She's Gotta Have It' Show Is Black Art That's Free To Be Mediocre. It's OK not to love all black art.
The World War II-Era Women Who Broke Up The Disney Boys' Club. In the 1930s and '40s, women were hired in animation jobs formerly held by men. Their path to success was anything but easy.
NYC Met Museum Refuses To Remove Painting That Petition Says 'Sexualizes' Girl. \Therese Dreaming\ is \evocative\ and disturbing, petition says.
This New York Activist Wants To Replace A Statue Of Columbus With Toussaint L\u2019Ouverture. Glenn Cantave believes white supremacy in 2017 stems back to 1492. And he's letting NYC's mayoral commission know.
The Art Of Keeping Guant\u00e1namo Open. What the paintings by its prisoners tell us about our humanity and theirs.
This New York Activist Wants To Replace A Statue Of Columbus With Toussaint L\u2019Ouverture. Glenn Cantave believes white supremacy in 2017 stems back to 1492. And he's letting NYC's mayoral commission know.
Actual Asian Comic Writers Respond To Marvel Editor-In-Chief's 'Yellowface' Controversy. \So many actual Asians are constantly denied access to these kinds of opportunities.\u201d
Beastie Boys' Adam Horovitz Says He Believes Women Accusing His Father Of Sexual Assault. Multiple women say playwright Israel Horovitz assaulted them.
This Guy's Digital Art Looks So Real, People Want To Travel To It. We want to go to there.
How A 90-Year-Old Bookstore Got Into The Business Of Totes. New York's Strand Book Store has been making its iconic tote bags since the 1980s. Today, it boasts more than 100 designs.
'Mudbound' Has More To Say About Whiteness In America Than Any Other Trump-Era Movie. A person doesn't have to be hateful in order to be racist.
'Complicit' Is The Word Of The Year, According To Dictionary.com. 2017 has been a year of speaking out about bad behavior, silence and inaction.
Paint The World Bleu. You can express yourself through the stroke of a brush.
The Ugly Business Of Defending Free Speech In 2017. Hate groups want to hijack the First Amendment. Clay Hansen is determined to protect it.
Street Art Mural Of Kevin Spacey Will Soon Be Erased. Street artist Akse will paint over his 2015 piece \as a result of the recent allegations.\
Why A $450 Million Painting Attributed To Leonardo Da Vinci Worries Art Historians. The artwork has been hotly debated for years, but its sale signals one thing absolutely
'Lost' Leonardo Da Vinci Sells For Record $450 Million At Auction. \Salvator Mundi,\ long missing, was expected to fetch at least $100 million.
How 'Daddy' Puts The Blame For Toxic Masculinity On Spoiled Teenage Girls. \I Love You, Daddy\ is the silver-screen embodiment of what makes the word feel so creepy in 2017.
Kehinde Wiley Was Destined To Paint Barack Obama. As one of his last presidential acts, Obama chose a queer, black artist as his official portraitist. Wiley's colleagues and peers explain why the choice was fated.
'Now More Than Ever' And The Distracting Urgency Of Our Words. A year after Trump's election, our national dialogue constantly leverages the weight of history. But we're still not grappling with it.
'We\u2019re As Hidden As Our Clitorises'. At 84 years old, the late \My Secret Garden\ author was a feminist erotic pioneer.
As Trump's Scandals Mount, Filmmakers Gravitate Toward Short-Form Responses. Artists are using nimble formats to comment on current events.
The Making Of 'Alias Grace,' A Margaret Atwood True-Crime Mystery. How \American Psycho\ director Mary Harron brought a harrowing story of female servitude to Netflix.
Someone Put Up A Plaque To Mark The Spot Where Trump Bragged About Groping Women. It was \in dishonor\ of the president.
When Booting Dead White Guys Off Reading Lists Is A Good Idea. A recent tabloid scandal managed to raise awareness of a big problem within the English literary canon.
An 'Accidental Dictionary' Explores How Errors Created The English Language. \Pink\ used to be yellow. A \bimbo\ used to be a brutish man. How did we get here?
'The Angriest Librarian' Schools Columnist Over Anti-Library Tweets. \First of all, library usage is on the RISE mother*******.\
Norman Rockwell's Hallelujah. \u201cIt\u2019s a cold and it\u2019s a broken Hallelujah\u201d \u2013 Leonard Cohen I had never seen the actual painting, just poor, darkened reproductions
Radical Latinx Artists Reveal The Violent Sides Of Pregnancy And Motherhood. For many women, blissful maternity isn\u2019t an option.
We Talk About Fonts All Wrong. Here's A Better Way.. \Never Use Futura\ author Douglas Thomas thinks we need to have a more positive conversation about typefaces.
George Saunders Wins 2017 Man Booker Prize For His First Novel 'Lincoln In The Bardo'. He was the second consecutive American writer to win the prize.
Stark And Beautiful Photos Of Resilience From The Storm-Battered U.S. Virgin Islands. \u201cAlthough I'm saddened by the destruction that has taken place and how it has affected myself and those I love, I am optimistic
Ai Weiwei Believes The U.S. Has Hit A Low When It Comes To Human Rights. The artist is behind \Human Flow,\ a documentary on the global refugee crisis, released against the backdrop of the Trump administration.
Chinese Museum Removes Photo Series Comparing Black People To Animals. The shocking images juxtapose photos of black Africans with those of lions, chimpanzees, giraffes, leopards and baboons.
Casper\u2019s Traffic Box Program Turns Intersections Into Public Art. The project started as a way to deter vandalism.
Harvey Weinstein's Hachette Imprint Is Shutting Down. The staff and book contracts of Weinstein Books will be absorbed by Hachette Books.
MacArthur Foundation Announces Its 2017 Class Of 'Geniuses'. Author Jesmyn Ward, reporter Nikole Hannah-Jones and artist Trevor Paglen are among this year's group of 24 MacArthur Fellows.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Says The American Left 'Is Creating Its Own Decline'. \u201cThe left is very cannibalistic. It eats its own.\u201d
Tom Gauld's Deceptively Simple Comics Hold A Mirror To Human Hypocrisies. Politics, classic literature \u2014\u00a0nothing is safe.
'Mary Jane' Director Anne Kauffman Talks Darkness And Light In Life And Art. If you\u2019re lucky enough to get tickets to Mary Jane, a heartbreaking comedy by Amy Herzog now playing at New York Theatre
How AIM Became A Secular Confessional Box For A Generation Of Teens. We were kids, and we were having a lot of hormonal feelings, and we knew we needed to talk about it. AIM just made it easy.
Two Photographers On Bringing Local Stories To Our Nation's Attention. In Charlottesville and St. Louis, Eze Amos and Robert Cohen document pain and love in their communities.
The 2017 National Book Award Finalists Are Revealed. The shortlists in Fiction, Nonfiction, Poetry and Young People's Literature are mixed between fresh faces and established heavy hitters.
Colin Kaepernick's Jersey Hangs In The Same Museum As 'Starry Night'. The piece of clothing has become a symbol of civil rights activism fit for the Museum of Modern Art.
Why I'm A Pittsburgh Street Photographer. Unlike other cities, where style is so expected, in Pittsburgh we have to prove ourselves.
How Arts And Culture Are Reshaping Charleston. If you want to come and grow here, visit and explore here or create and produce here, you\u2019ll be welcomed with West Virginian warmth.
Guggenheim Museum Pulls Controversial Animal-Related Art After Threats Of Violence. The pieces featured live reptiles and video footage of dogs strapped to treadmills.
5 Reasons To Encourage Your Kid To Read Banned Books. 1. Today\u2019s edgy is tomorrow\u2019s classic.
NYC's Guggenheim Museum Under Fire For Show With Live Reptiles, Film Of Dogs Strapped To Treadmills. Animal welfare activists are accusing the New York City museum of cruelty.
Jay Duplass On Why Straight, Cis Men Need 'Transparent,' Too. The actor talks being a minority on set and why Josh's constant crying is a good thing.
What Happens When A Big-Name Author Is Sued For Copyright Infringement. An unpublished author's lawsuit against \The Art of Fielding\ writer Chad Harbach has gone public, but his day in court is yet to come.
Racists Flip Out Over Artist\u2019s 'Harry Potter' Picture With Black Hermione. But illustrator Anoosha Syed had the final word.
Merriam-Webster Isn't Trolling You, It's Just Redefining What That Means. The language of 2017 is a depressing reminder of how bad things are.
Canoe Found After Hurricane Irma Eyed As Piece Of Florida History. The dugout canoe is believed to have surfaced from the bottom of the Indian River, along Florida's east coast.
Twitter Calls Out Museum Curator For Saying Asian Names Are 'Confusing'. The British Museum apologized and said their initial tweet addressed single objects with multiple Asian names.
Here Are The Y.A. Novels And Children's Books Longlisted For A National Book Award. These brilliant new titles feature a panoply of diverse characters and stories.
Previously Unpublished Kurt Vonnegut Stories Arrive In The Nick Of Time. Five never-before-published works of short fiction bring the author's unique \ways of looking at the world\ back into the spotlight.
How The Hell Do You Appraise A Crappy Drawing By Donald Trump?. A valuation expert speaks on the peculiar difficulty of appraising a doodle by the most powerful man in the world.
Poignant New Artwork Shows Little Boy Peering Over U.S.-Mexico Border. \Is this boy looking over the border worried that if things get crazier on the other side, people will massively cross the border in his direction?\
Amazon Exec Suggests Publishers Could Promote Books By Slashing Prices. That's probably a bad idea.
Tina Fey's 'Mean Girls' Musical Has Its Plastics, And An Official Release Date. So fetch.
Two Millennials Recreated 'Annie Hall' With A Cast Of Senior Actors. \u201cWith all due respect to Woody Allen\u2019s creative and comic writing genius,\u201d Shula Chernick, who plays Annie, said. \u201cI think our version is much funnier.\u201d
Pulitzer-Prize-Winning Poet John Ashbery Dead At 90. He won the Pulitzer Prize, the National Book Award and the National Book Circle Critics Award all in the same year.
Miranda July's New Art Project Is An Interfaith Charity Store. Housed within a luxury department store, the shop will benefit Jewish, Buddhist and Islamic charities.
This Is How Museums In And Around Houston Prepared For Tropical Storm Harvey. And how they plan to deal with the aftermath.
'Alt-Right' Children's Book Shelved For Blatantly Copying Pepe The Frog. So long \The Adventures of Pepe and Pede.\ You were, erm, very bigoted and uncreative.
The Married Couple Behind Summer's Darkest And Weirdest Comedy. Janicza Bravo and Brett Gelman's \Lemon\ explores white male mediocrity in a truly unsettling indie.
A Sci-Fi Magazine Created Entirely By Writers And Editors With Disabilities Is Coming. Prepare yourself for \Disabled People Destroy Science Fiction.\
This Prairie City Deserves Your Travel Dollars. Here\u2019s Why.. This creative upsurge is sweeping across the city. A sure win for the Winnipeg\u2019s creative community, recently launched Design
Merriam-Webster Steps In After Trump Tells America To 'Heel'. \Heal\ can be a difficult word when you've been defending white supremacists all week.
Instead Of Focusing On Yesterday's Monuments, Artists Are Building Tomorrow's. A years-long project in Philadelphia called Monument Lab asks, \What monuments would we build to reflect our values as a city?\
Reclaiming Presidential Moral Leadership. Trump's embrace of white nationalism further proves is incompetency as a leader.
Godwin's Law Creator Supports Calling Racist Demonstrators 'Nazis'. Not all Nazi comparisons are accurate, but some absolutely are.
J.K Rowling Burns Trump And Fox With The Power Of Her Tweets (Again). She has no time for this nonsense.
Activist Artist Lights Up Trump Hotel With 'Message' From Putin. \Happy to help, bro.\
10-Year-Old Kindly Alerts Museum To Mislabeled Dinosaur Exhibit. Turns out amateur paleontologist Charlie Edwards was right.
Alan Peckolick, Revolutionary Typographer, Dead At 76. The artist famous for developing typefaces for Revlon and NYU was a legend in his field.
Julia Haft Candell Confounds The Infinite At Parrasch Heijnen Gallery. In the second room, a larger space at Parrasch Heijnen, the artist presents two quite different bodies of work. On the North
West Bank Street Art Mural Trolls Donald Trump Over Mexico Border Wall. \u201cI\u2019m going to build you a brother.\
At Creativity Explored, Adults With Disabilities Express Their Own Sexuality. \u201cJust because someone has a developmental disability doesn\u2019t mean that sense of sexuality is non-existent.\u201d
J. K. Rowling Wrongly Blamed Donald Trump For Snubbing A Boy In A Wheelchair. And for that, the Harry Potter author apologizes \u201cunreservedly.\u201d
Meet The 18-Year-Old Artist Now Showing In The Museum Of Sex. Harlem-based Taira Rice creates watercolor portraits of naked women of color.
The Most Jaw-Dropping Street Art From Bristol's Upfest 2017. Stunning.
Download These Illustrations To Protest Discrimination Against Trans Community. As cartoonist Tom Toro says, \haters can hold it.\
A Sketch By Donald Trump Is Headed To Auction, Really. The 2005 drawing depicts New York's skyline with -- surprise, surprise -- Trump Tower front and center.
Street Artist Shows 'Courage Has No Gender' With Powerful Stencils Of Famous Faces. Meg Zany pays homage to those \who have shattered gender norms to make a difference\ in her new project.
Pulitzer Prize Winner Tony Kushner Is Writing A Play About Trump. \I think he is seriously mentally ill, and the fact that he is in the White House is very frightening.\
Musicals (Yes, Musicals) Are About To Shake Up Podcasting. In a podcast, it sounds like you\u2019re in the room with the actors.
Gallery-Goer Loses Balance, Knocks Over So Many Pedestals Of Art. Your cringeworthy moment of the week. Reminder
In Good News, The Metropolitan Museum Of Art Set A New Attendance Record. Despite all the garbage going on in America, or perhaps because of it, people are turning to art for comfort and stimulation.
Illustrators Depict The Everyday Items Giving Hope To Child Refugees. \Food and shelter are important but there are so many things that kids need that we tend to forget.\
12 Of The Most Fly Photos Taken By Drones In 2017. These raise the bar.
'1984:' Even Scarier Than Real Life. Sometimes we all need a good slap upside the head -- a slap that stings the eyes but clarifies our vision for an instant
Chicago Artist Carefully Placed 'Real Fake' Sculpture Outside Trump Tower. The golden sculpture not-so-subtly calls out Donald Trump as a bonafide phony.
'Broad City' Star Abbi Jacobson To Host Modern Art Podcast. She's teaming up with WNYC and MoMA for \A Piece of Work.\
24 Times J.K. Rowling Wrote Or Said Something That Hit All The Feels. WARNING
12 Great New Books To Bring To The Beach This Summer. We\u2019re all just looking for the right book to read on vacation.
Michael Bond, Paddington Bear Creator, Dead At 91. The children's book character became iconic in the U.K. and beyond.
Immigrants, They Get The Job Done In Amazing New 'Hamilton Mixtape' Video. The track serves as \a musical counterweight\ to xenophobia, Lin-Manuel Miranda has said.
Early Wedding Photos Had No Touching, No Smiles, No Hashtags. Late 19th-century brides and grooms were participating in a different kind of fad.
China Grants Medical Parole To Jailed Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo. Liu was jailed for 11 years in 2009 for \u201cinciting subversion of state power\u201d after he helped write a petition calling for sweeping political reforms.
A Retrospective On 'Harry Potter' Midnight Release Parties. From wristbands to costumes to anticipation-building lines, \Potter\ book parties in the early 2000s were \lit.\
Redesigning The Rust Belt. Phoenix Lake, Dortmund\u2019s coolest new quarter, was once an abanonded steel mill surrounded by polluted waterways and brownfields
11 New Podcasts To Refresh Your Summer Playlist. Philosophy, travel, curse words, random bits of knowledge \u2014\u00a0it's all here.
Theater Community Receives Death Threats Following 'Julius Caesar' Controversy. Public Theater director's wife, as well as other Shakespeare companies around the country, have been targeted.
Every 'Simpsons' Superfan Should Follow This Surreal Instagram Account. Do you recognize this hallucinatory scene?
Art Of Iranian Immigrants Reveals The Creative Potential Of Inclusivity. Gallery looks \Beyond the Ban\ to highlight the role art can play in uncertain times.
American Teenagers Are Using Slam Poetry To Make Sense Of Trump. For the past 20 weeks, young and fearless poets have been rehashing currents events through spoken word.
The Dangers Of Climate Change Are Real In This New Comic Anthology. Five artists weigh in on their art and their activism.
What We Talk About When We Talk About Race. I flew across the country to see Christopher Chen\u2019s You Mean to Do Me Harm, presented by SF Playhouse. I am glad I did. I
Bruce Springsteen On Broadway? The Boss Eyes Intimate Residency. The New Jersey rocker is reportedly setting up shop in New York City.
E Tu, GOP?. Like Caesar for the Romans 2000 years ago, Trump has for a sizable portion of Americans arrived as a welcome savior.
The Street Art Hiding On The 69th Floor Of The World Trade Center. The project is called an \art world in the sky.\
Dobby The House-Elf Still Brings Generosity To The 'Harry Potter' Universe And Beyond. An ode to the series' most tragic character.
After 46 Years, Yoko Ono Is Finally Credited For Co-Writing 'Imagine'. Congratulations, Yoko. It's about time.
How Arts And Culture Make New York A Place For All Of Us. By Michele Kumi Baer Ask any New Yorker what makes this city a great place to live, and you will get an earful about the
Hear Janet Mock Read A Passage About 'Selling A Girlfriend Experience' As A Stripper. It's from her new book, \Surpassing Certainty.\
Tracy K. Smith Is America's New Poet Laureate. \u201cHer work travels the world and takes on its voices,\ says the standing Librarian of Congress who appointed Smith.
The Revolutionary Street Art Project That Inspired Banksy And Empowered A City's Youth. John Nation's \u201cAerosol Art\ initiative in Bristol, England, gave rise to a number of defining artists -- but also almost cost him his freedom.
Much Ado.... Portraying Caesar as Trump is probably well within contemporary performance practice, but maybe a little cheap and obvious.
Uproar Over Trumped-Up 'Julius Caesar' Ignores The Play's Actual Meaning. Why those criticizing a New York staging of the play missed the mark.
The 'President Of The United States' Made An Appearance At The Tonys. And seems to be recruiting Lin-Manuel Miranda as 2020's VP.
5 Unexpected Things We Learned On The 'Harry Potter' Studio Tour. You'll never look at Hagrid the same.
Stephen Colbert Likens Trump Presidency To Worst Musical Ever At The Tonys. \u201cAnd the hair and makeup? Yeesh.\
Aisle View. Just how do you take some old play\u2014W. Shakespeare\u2019s Julius Caesar, the Tony (Antonius) Award winner from 1599, for instance
Trump\u2019s Insidious Dual Assault On The American Creative Class. Draconian budget cuts in the arts and odious Trumpcare provisions combine to impoverish Americans and extinguish creativity and freedom of expression.
10 Lost Buildings Of New York City. For as many unfortunate parables, there are victories to be celebrated, and extraordinary structures to be remembered.
17 Cleaning Supplies That Are Actually Design Pieces. Even more incentive for you to pick up the dustpan more than once a week.
Sponsors Pull Out Of Trump-Inspired 'Julius Caesar' Show With Assassination Scene. Delta Air Lines, Bank of America react to The Public Theater production.
A Complete List Of The 2017 Tony Award Winners. A year after \Hamilton\ dominated the Tonys, Broadway shines.
J.K Rowling Delivers Strong Message To 'Cool' Guy Who Called Theresa May A 'Whore'. \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
Read A Chapter Of Mark Twain\u2019s Previously Unpublished Children\u2019s Book. \The Purloining of Prince Oleomargarine\ is based on notes the author took after telling a bedtime story to his daughters.
Cher Is Gifting Us With A Broadway Musical Based On Her Life. We'd like to turn forward time to 2018, please.
Artist Realizes Only Appropriate Use Of Trump Tweets Is Plant Food. The more he tweets, the stronger an underground field of lavender becomes.
The Urgency Of Indecent Art. Any progress we make, to me, is fleeting because underneath it there\u2019s the smoldering coal about to break out in conflagration of a hatred of women.
Banksy Pulls Free UK Election Print Offer Amid Police Probe. \I regret to announce this ill-conceived and legally dubious promotion has now been cancelled.\
17 Years Later, 'Monty Python' Writer Finally Wraps 'Don Quixote' Filming. The finished product will star Adam Driver and Jonathan Pryce.
Here's How J.K. Rowling Wants To Protest Donald Trump\u2019s UK State Visit. \I'd rather he didn't come, but if he does...\
A 'Harry Potter' Superfan And A NASA Engineer Are Creating A Real 'Leaky Cauldron'. Here's one Kickstarter that Rowling fans won't want to skip out on.
Funny Or Die Cut Trump Into 'Handmaid's Tale,' And He Fits In Perfectly. This was far too easy.
Bob Dylan Finally Gave His Required Nobel Prize Lecture. Here It Is.. \I hope what I say will be worthwhile and purposeful,\ Dylan started his lecture.
Margaret Atwood Speaks Out Against Anti-Abortion Legislation In The U.S.. At BookCon 2017, she talked about the dangers of regulating women\u2019s bodies.
The Creative Process Is A Healing One; '_____,' An Opera. While \________\, An Opera is up and running and has had an entirely sold out run, we are still trying to raise funds. Our
Lawsuit Accuses Glass Artist Dale Chihuly Of Plagiarizing Work. Chihuly called the suit, brought by a former handyman, \baseless.\
Writers' Group Is Raising Money To Send Girls To See 'Wonder Woman'. Alongside Girls, Inc., whose goal is to \u201cinspire all girls to be strong, smart and bold.\u201d
9 Other Superheroines Who Deserve Their Own Movie Adaptations. The critical success of \u201cWonder Woman\u201d should pave the way for more superhero films directed by women.
Unclear Language Isn't Just Annoying, It's Politically Dangerous. Renowned journalist and editor Harold Evans discusses his new book, \Do I Make Myself Clear?\
People Across Manchester Are Getting Bee Tattoos To Honor Bombing Victims. Hundreds of people got inked across the U.K.
Alanis Morissette\u2019s 'Jagged Little Pill' Is Getting Turned Into A Musical. It will premiere in May 2018.
The Bachelorette Told A Cheating Bro To GTFO, And It Was Glorious. \I'm not here to get played.\
Being Convinced We're Always Right Is Our Next National Emergency. It\u2019s no secret that we\u2019ve reached the apex of the the age of entitlement. Social media and political polarization have pushed
Minnesota Museum To Remove Gallows Exhibit After Native American Protest. The work, which depicts a structure where 38 Dakota Indians were killed, was criticized for being insensitive.
Director John Scheinfeld On The Spiritual Journey Of Jazz Icon John Coltrane. In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence\u201d Robert Scheer speaks with documentarian John Scheinfeld about his latest
Denis Johnson, Acclaimed Author Of 'Jesus' Son,' Dead At 67. His collection of linked short stories, set in a gritty realm of drug addiction, violence and casual destruction, became an instant classic.
Lookups For \u2018Body Slam\u2019 Surge 136,900 Percent Before Montana Election. Guess we all just decided to get really into wrestling! \ud83e\udd3c\u200d\u2642\ufe0f
Everything Is Exhausting Right Now, And Merriam-Webster Has The Perfect Word For Us. Inanition, the word that sums up everything about politics right now.
Oops! Ivanka And Jared Failed To Disclose Their Million-Dollar Art Collection. Ivanka has showcased their consummate stash on Instagram.
Bill Gates Wants You To Read Trevor Noah\u2019s Memoir This Summer. \ud83d\udcda \ud83d\udc1b
Donald Trump Gave The Pope A Sculpture His Holiness Will Probably Regift. Surprise! Trump doesn't have great taste in art.
Evan Pricco Curates 'What In The World' At Urban Nation In Berlin. \The graffiti and Street Art movements \u2013 they have all these tentacles and they can be non-linear.\
The Painful Truth About The Pressures Of Academic Life. Weike Wang's funny, dark novel \Chemistry\ explores the unraveling of a desperate grad student.
Neil Gaiman Will Dramatically Read Dr. Seuss If We Raise $1 Million For Refugees. And if we raise $500,000, he'll recite the entire Cheesecake Factory menu.
One Of The Biggest Challenges New York Artists Face Is Affording Supplies. Here's why \many low-income community members don\u2019t feel empowered to engage in the variety of arts and culture opportunities in NYC.\
In 2017, Casting A Black Actor Derailed A Staging Of This Famous Play. An Oregon theater producer claims that Edward Albee's estate refused to grant him the rights to present \Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?\ with a black actor.
Basquiat Painting Sells For Record $110.5 Million At Sotheby's Auction. No one has ever paid so much for an American work at auction before.
'Bachelorette' Rachel's Contestant Bios, By The Numbers. One professional \whaboom,\ one tickle monster, and a whole lot of WTF.
In Trump's America, Frustration Is So High That 'Headdesk' Is A Verb. The Internet slang is not new, but it's never been more necessary.
The RompHim Isn't Just Lame Wordplay, It's A Sign Of Male Fragility. Men need their own \bro-ified\ trends to alleviate the anxiety of appearing feminine.
Nick Kroll And John Mulaney's 'Oh, Hello' Is The Perfect Netflix Special. This feels like the right amount of tuna.
Will The City\u2019s Cultural Plan Walk The Talk Of Equity?. By Kerry McCarthy and Michelle Coffey In May 2015, New York City decided to create its first cultural plan to direct the
How 'Master Of None' Captures The Loneliness Of Constant Connectivity. And recreates the ebbs and flows of modern life.
Portraits Of Librarians Celebrate America's Bookish Unsung Heroes. \u201cLibraries are more important to our world than people realize.\
Haunting Sculpture Offers A Surreal Glimpse At The Future Of Climate Change. The massive hands can be seen rising from the depths of Venice's canals.
Stunning Photos Debunk The Myth That Queerness Is 'Un-African'. Mikael Chukwuma Owunna created \a queer African home for myself and others where we can be LGBTQ, African and whole.\u201d
As A Queer Kid In Rural France, This Writer Was Subjected To Extreme Violence. In \The End of Eddy,\ \u00c9douard Louis tells the story of his painful youth.
No, Putin's Piano Recital Doesn't Make Him Any 'Softer'. But he is still an authoritarian leader with a shocking track record of human rights violations.
People Are Mad 'Handmaid's Tale' Doesn't Respect Scrabble Rules. Nolite te Scrabble nerds carborundorum!
Happy Little You Can Now Surf Random Bob Ross Videos Online, Forever. You never have to choose between Bob Ross videos ever again.
This 14-Year-Old\u2019s Poem Breaks Apart The Wage Gap. Right now, women face a wage gap in every single state. For those of you who don\u2019t know what that means it\u2019s simple
Someone Made Erotic Art About Trump Meeting The Pope. Don't shoot the messenger.
Nationwide Art Project Is Making Space For Historic Women In All 50 States. \u201cI want to honor women who fought their entire lives to open the doors for women like me. Women who still don\u2019t have enough space in history books.\u201d
OK, So Here's What 'Laughing Up Their Sleeves' Actually Means. For once, it's not just word salad.
Tina Fey Confirms That Unlike 'Fetch,' The 'Mean Girls' Musical Is Going To Happen. She described the talented cast as \Baby Timberlakes.\
Richard Ford On His New Memoir And The Challenge Of Writing About The South. The Pulitzer-winning author remembers his parents and his upbringing in a racist society.
Margaret Atwood Just Schooled Us All On What '1984' Is Really About. Maybe the ending is actually... optimistic?
'Grace And Frankie' Actress Writing A Book To Help Women Run For Office. She's collaborating with a top Emily's List staffer to get more women in government.
Young New Yorkers, Street Artists, and Keeping Teens Out of Jail. ____________________ Please note
Milo Yiannopoulos Claims He Will Sue Simon & Schuster And Self-Publish His Book. The alt-right blogger takes aim at \u201cjournalists, professors, politicians, feminists, Black Lives Matter activists, and other professional victims.\u201d
Pepe The Frog Is Dead. White supremacists were too much for the frog's creator.
Flying Pigs Will Block Trump Tower For One Glorious Day This Summer. That'll do, pigs, that'll do.
Banksy Unveils Brexit-Inspired Mural Showing Dismantling Of EU Flag. The artwork appeared near a ferry that connects the U.K. to mainland Europe.
Ivanka Trump's Book Uses Toni Morrison Quote To Equate Busyness With Slavery. \u201cAre you a slave to your time or the master of it?\u201d Trump asks, seriously.
Nazi-Looted Libraries. How did tens of thousands of books stolen by the Nazis from Jewish families and institutions end up, among other places, in
The Gallery Trying To Get Women Artists Paid. An exhibition features two iconic feminist artists whose work is still critically undervalued.
Solid Gold, Life-Size Darth Vader Mask On Sale For $1.4 Million. Holy sith!
'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child' Is Officially Coming To Broadway Next Spring. America just got its acceptance letter to Hogwarts.
James Comey Causes Searches For 'Nauseous' To Spike On Merriam-Webster. The word spiked a whopping 4,793 percent after Comey's testimony.
Ivanka Trump's 'Vapid' New Book Earns A Series Of Savage Reviews. It's been described as \witless,\ \insufferable,\ \vapid,\ and \very vapid.\
The Worst Dressed Person At The Met Gala Was Actually This Naked Artist In A Box. Yes, there's video of said man in said box.
J. K. Rowling Magically Trolls Donald Trump For Tweeting In The Third Person. Silencio!
Hillary Clinton Borrows 'Handmaid's Tale' Resistance Slogan In Planned Parenthood Speech. She offered a politely sanitized \nolite te bastardes carborundorum.\
'The Handmaid\u2019s Tale' Is Already Locked In For A Second Season. Hulu\u2019s dystopian adaptation will live to see another year.
Those Brad Pitt Photos Aren't Just Meme-Worthy, They're Kind Of Radical. We have photographer Ryan McGinley to thank.
Jane Goodall Kindly Asks Ivanka Trump To Actually Take Her Advice. Goodall, who previously compared Donald Trump to chimpanzees, has some words for the First Daughter.
Women Dressed Up As Handmaids To Defend Reproductive Rights In Missouri. And they were asked to remove their bonnets.
About That Naked Dude Who Crashed The Met Gala.... The best Met Gala ensembles every year fuse fashion with art to create looks that would borderline extra in any other situation
This Is Rei Kawakubo, The Designer Breaking Down Binaries At The Met. She is one of the most respected living designers today.
Anonymous Texas School Art Delivers A Message To Donald Trump. HOUSTON, TEXAS, April 2017 - A few days after the opening of TRUMP! The Art Show, co-curated by artist and civil right attorney
Amy Krouse Rosenthal's Daughter Continues Her Late Mother's Last Project. The \Marry My Husband\ Modern Love essayist left an unfinished project behind.
Michael Moore Is Taking His Criticism Of Trump To Broadway. \u201cCan a Broadway show take down a sitting President?\u201d
Nightmarish Sculpture Is Haunting Runners In A Chicago Park. Thomas Houseago's 15-foot-sculpture has been dubbed \creepy\ and \spooky\ by concerned passersby.
George R.R. Martin Wrote This Adorably Geeky Fan Letter When He Was 15. \u201cAbsolutely stupendous, the ultimate, utmost!\u201d
'Priestdaddy' Takes On Priesthood, Fatherhood And The Patriarchy. Patricia Lockwood's poem \Rape Joke\ went viral in 2013. Her 2017 memoir does not disappoint.
Echoes Of World War II -- And A Loud Explosion Or Two -- On A Southern Road Trip. For us, one of the most sobering exhibits was on the power of propaganda, Winning Over Hearts and Minds, a short display
70 Years On, Primo Levi's 'If This Is A Man' Is Still A Powerful Reminder Of What It Means To Be Human. Nicholas Heron, The University of Queensland When he was captured by the Fascist militia in December of 1943, Primo Levi
Today's Feminist Horror Owes A Lot To This Overlooked 20th-Century Artist. Carol Rama was obsessed with sex, death and mad cow disease.
Now You Can Learn 'Game Of Thrones' Fictional Language... For Real. Just in time for Season 7.
Vito Acconci, Radical Performance Art Icon, Dead At 77. The artist is most well-known for masturbating beneath the floorboards of a gallery, as a performance.
This Instagram Account Is Documenting Every Anti-Donald Trump Sticker In NYC. \It\u2019s a way of dealing with and trying to make at least a little light out of a dark situation.\
'Sheeple' Has Been Added To The Dictionary. Is Merriam-Webster throwing shade at the current political climate? Hmm...
These Muslim, Jewish And Christian Artists Use Music To Break Barriers. \We need to say something; We need to do something. I do what I know
Public Art Project Is Giving Away 4,000 Free Copies Of 'Handmaid's Tale'. Yes, please.
32 Museums Across NYC Are 'Trading Places' And Taking Fans With Them. During #MuseumInstaSwap, institutions are switching accounts and exploring each other's collections.
'The Handmaid\u2019s Tale' Is A Master Class On The Power Of Rebellion. \If Offred could do something,\ showrunner Bruce Miller said, \I should get off my ass and do something as well.\u201d
Stephen King Has A 'Gentle' Message For Trump Voters. The horror master is stumped by those who still support the president.
In 'Captured,' People In Prison Draw The 'People Who Should Be'. Tackling the alleged misdeeds of corporate America, one portrait at a time.
J.K. Rowling Highlights An Important Thread About The Realities Of Anxiety. The author shared fellow writer Matt Haig's tweets
Artist Crowdfunds Over $11K To Paint A Plagiarized Mural Of Michelle Obama. \Stealing a young girl\u2019s artwork and making a profit out of it does more damage than good.\u201d
This Poem About The Darkness Of Depression Gets Beautifully Animated. How do you draw the line between not wanting to live anymore and wanting to die?
'Handmaid's Tale' Showrunner Is Already Talking About Future Seasons. The Hulu series could bring us well beyond the end of Margaret Atwood's dystopian classic.
So You Want To Talk About Ghost In The Shell, The Whitewashed Edition?. Here\u2019s the thing. Americans cannot use the relatively positive reactions of Japanese people to justify whitewashing in America.
Adorable Portraits Explore The Lives Of Big-City Shop Cats. These felines are the employees of the year.
Margaret Atwood Responds To Cast's Claim That 'Handmaid's Tale' Isn't A Feminist Story. \It's not a feminist story,\ series star Elisabeth Moss said. \It's a human story.\
French Artist Hatches Live Chicks And Avoids Egg On His Face. Nine chicks have hatched and are on their way to a nearby farm.
You Can Soon Buy Tickets To The 'Mean Girls' Musical, You Pathetic Loser. Are you ready to be personally victimized by Regina George?
Ivanka Trump Will Skip Her Book Tour Due To Ethical Concerns. The proceeds from \Women Who Work\ will be donated to charity, as per custom.
Bill Murray Is A Classical Musician Now. Don't question it.
Bill O\u2019Reilly's Book Publisher Says It Will Continue To Support Him. The former Fox News host still has a platform.
Weird, People Are Protesting An Art Performance Featuring 500 Liters Of Bull Blood. Oh, and a slaughtered bull.
Artist Gives Historical Women Of Color The Glorious Crowns They Deserve. \Women are both warriors and creators, fighters and powerful yet fragile enough to care for human life.\
Los Angeles' Getty Center To Reopen After Bomb Threat. The museum closed early after someone made a threatening call.
Old Hollywood Portraits Capture Stars In Candid Moments Between Takes. You can practically smell the hair spray and cologne.
Nuart Aberdeen 2017 Already Has Locals Saying 'Haste Ye Back!'. We would like to express our gratitude for the professionalism and support of the Nuart Team, to all the volunteers whose
Kevin Spacey Is Here To Save The 71st Annual Tony Awards. Can Frank Underwood rescue the Tonys from a feared post-\Hamilton\ malaise?
#ThingsOnlyWomenWritersHear Documents Heartbreaking Sexism In Creative Fields. These are hard to read.
Stephen Colbert Is Turning One Of His Popular Segments Into A Book. \u201cMidnight Confessions\u201d will be published by Simon and Schuster in September.
Broadway's New Princess Elsa Is Absolute Fire (And Ice). Stop what you are doing to listen to your new queen sing \Let It Go.\
Trump Urges Twitter Followers To Read A Completely Blank Book. It just might be the most enjoyable book he's ever read.
Huma Abedin Wants $2 Million For Her Memoir. Is America's most close-lipped aide and political spouse ready to tell all?
A One-Woman Show Explores The Fragmented Life Of Frida Kahlo. \Fragmented Frida\ creator Andrea Dantas was drawn to Kahlo's incredible resilience.
Help A Queens Museum Create A Permanent Home For Jim Henson's Muppets. We're talking \Sesame Street,\ \The Muppet Show,\ \Fraggle Rock,\ \The Dark Crystal,\ \Labyrinth\ and more.
Ballet Hisp\u00e1nico Is Giving Latino Artists A Voice They Deserve. \u201cIt is imperative that we nurture and give voice to those who may not have opportunities within the field.\
Meet Pearl Mackie, The 20-Something Shaking Up 'Doctor Who'. Starting April 15 on BBC America, Mackie will play the series' first openly gay companion.
Review. For all her indifference to status, Helen is well-informed about the arts and especially her own fetishes.
Margaret Atwood On \u2018The Handmaid\u2019s Tale\u2019. \The control of women and babies has been a part of every repressive regime in history.\
Fancy Food Market Eataly Is Going To Help Save Leonardo Da Vinci's 'Last Supper'. Because Italians look out for each other.
Wall Street Bull Sculptor Says NYC Violated His Rights With 'Fearless Girl'. He's accusing New York City of violating his legal rights after installing the statue without his permission.
7-Year-Old Refugee Who Tweeted During Aleppo Siege Is Writing A Memoir. \Dear World\ might become our generation's \Diary of Anne Frank.\
Sylvia Plath Alleged Abuse By Ted Hughes In Unpublished Letters. One letter reportedly claims that her husband beat her just days before she suffered a miscarriage.
Merriam-Webster Dictionary Trolls United Airlines Over Definition Of 'Volunteer'. Lookups for the word surged 1,900 percent.
Beyonc\u00e9's Pregnancy Photographer Is Turning His Attention To Trump's America. \u201cI\u2019m putting it out there because I\u2019m black and I\u2019m Muslim and this is everything Trump has tried to stand against.\
'Harry Potter' Play Has Magical Record-Breaking Turn At Award Show. \Cursed Child\ is anything but cursed.
'Handmaid's Tale' Waitlists Surge In Libraries Across America. As reproductive rights continue to come under threat, readers flock to  Margaret Atwood's dystopian warning.
Colson Whitehead's 'The Underground Railroad' Wins Pulitzer Prize. Other winners include playwright Lynn Nottage and theater critic Hilton Als.
John Grisham Calls String Of Arkansas Executions A 'Spectacular Legal Train Wreck'. The state is preparing to kill seven prisoners over 11 days.
'Hidden Figures' Author To Write Two New Books On Overlooked Black Icons. Margot Lee Shetterly will be telling the stories of extraordinary but forgotten black Americans.
Alec Baldwin Calls Out Publisher For Errors In His New Memoir. He suggested HarperCollins editors were \too busy\ to catch the mistakes.
'Star Wars' Fans Should Be Very Excited About This New Backstory Book. #OperationBlueMilk will finally tell us who all those background characters really are.
To Make Women\u2019s Stories Prestige TV, Just Add A Murder Plot. \u201cBig Little Lies\u201d is an honest portrayal of domestic abuse that also happens to be a thriller.
11 Republican Lawmakers Sign Letter In Support Of Arts Funding. Arts advocates have relied on bipartisan support for the endowments in the past, and it may see them through again.
Margaret Atwood Offers New Insights On Tyranny In Updated 'Handmaid\u2019s Tale' Audiobook. The new scene involves a recording of fictional audience questions about the likelihood of tyranny recurring in their own society.
A Museum In Germany Is Asking Designers To Give Peace A New Sign. Give peace a chance... and a new logo?
Naomi Klein Is Writing An Anti-Trump Manifesto Very, Very Quickly. She's not wasting any time.
Artist Proposes A New Way Of Seeing Nude Women At The Museum. With a little help from Audre Lorde.
'Sweat' Playwright Plans 'Companion Piece' To Groundbreaking Broadway Play. Lynn Nottage is working on a play \in conversation with 'Sweat,'\ reportedly called \Floyd.\
A Play About A Small Pennsylvania City Is What Art Should Look Like In Trump's America. Lynn Nottage is making a new kind of political theater.
A Devastating Story Of Friendship And Heartbreak That Definitely Passes The Bechdel Test. Hannah Lillith Assadi\u2019s debut novel is a poetic story about friendship, loss and the fractured ways we assemble an identity.
A Painter Searches For A More Interconnected Vision Of Humanity. \u201cWhen you take away everything that the world puts upon us,\ Laura Berger said, \we are all just these beings that are so similar and so connected.\
Mysterious Carving Of A Woman's Face Emerges During Church Restoration. St. Mary's was where JFK and Jacqueline Bouvier got married in 1953.
Another Reason Not To Give Up On Your Novel. Here's to the ones who dream, foolish as they might seem.
Meet The Women Directors Revolutionizing Horror Films. Karyn Kusama, Annie Clark and others discuss short filmmaking and working in a male-dominated field.
Marvel Exec Suggests Comic Sales Fell Because Readers 'Didn\u2019t Want Female Characters'. Cool, 2017. Very cool.
'S-Town,' New Podcast From 'Serial' Creators, Makes History. Listeners have downloaded episodes more than 10 million times in just days.
Is Kenyatta A.C. Hinkle The Anti-Schutz?. Ever the opposite, \u201cThe Evanesced\u201d gives viewers what contemporary painting is best at delivering. Hinkle\u2019s ambiguous subjects
Pop Art Pioneer James Rosenquist Dead At 83. Rosenquist helped define the genre of color-bursting displays of common objects.
Stephen King's New Book With His Son Involves 'Feral Women,' 'Abandoned Men'. The book debuts shortly after the film remake of \It\ in September.
How 'The Mindy Project' Embraced And Transcended The Traditional Rom-Com. At first, Mindy Lahiri was an unconventional heroine of a very conventional show. Not anymore.
14 Stunning Embroidery Instagrams That'll Make You Fall Thread Over Heels. Hoop stars.
Mary Gaitskill On Rape Culture And Her New Essay Collection \u2018Somebody With A Little Hammer\u2019. We caught up with the author of \n\Bad Behavior\ and \Veronica\ about love, sex and womanhood.
R.I.P. Dandelion, The First Crayola Crayon To 'Retire' From The 24-Pack. Goodbye forever, old friend.
Artist Creates Haunting Ode To The Countless Black, Female Bodies That Have Disappeared. \For every woman there is a family, a mother and a father. For every image there is an infinity of erasure.\u201d
Elena Ferrante\u2019s Beloved Book Series Is Headed To HBO. \u201cMy Brilliant Friend\u201d will hopefully become a brilliant show.
22 Stunning Photos From The 2017 Sony World Photography Awards. \ud83d\udcf8
How To Buy Art And Resist Hate, Too. All proceeds from the pop-up exhibition \No Borders\ will go toward the ACLU and the International Refugee Assistance Project.
Publisher Blames 'Russians' For Fake Amazon Listing Of Anti-Trump Book (UPDATE). Sorry, adult coloring books have been canceled.
What's Really Going On Inside Your Favorite Songs?. Hrishikesh Hirway's podcast provides the musical equivalent of a director's commentary, featuring Solange, Metallica, Wilco and more.
#ThanksForTyping Shows Once Again That Women Do The Dirty Work. Thanks to all the men who couldn't type their own work, or this wouldn't have been possible.
Bob Dylan Will Finally Accept His Nobel Prize This Weekend. The singer-songwriter will be in Sweden for two shows.
A Book About Resisting Tyranny Turns Into An Incredible Public Art Project. \u201cDo not obey in advance\u201d and other practical advice from \u201cOn Tyranny\u201d are plastered through East London.
Artist's 'Trumpbeast' Is A Chilling Portrait Of The Current Administration. Molly Crabapple is not here to make pretty pictures.
'Moonlight' Director Barry Jenkins To Turn Last Year's Biggest Book Into A TV Series. Colson Whitehead's \The Underground Railroad\ won the National Book Award. Now it's reportedly headed for Amazon.
In 1981, Margaret Atwood Made A Stirring Case For Investing In Culture. Centuries from now, our cultural achievements will be the most important way later generations will remember us.
Relive Your College Years With This Thoughtful, Hilarious Novel. \The Idiot\ immerses readers in a Harvard student\u2019s thwarted, anxiety-filled freshman year.
Seven Years Ago, A Mexican Artist Turned The U.S.-Mexico Border Into A Bridge. Walking from south to north, she says, is \u201cthe most political act you could do.\u201d
Lin-Manuel Miranda Says So Much More Than 'Thank You' During His Acceptance Speeches. The \Hamilton\ creator uses raps and sonnets to spread hope and love.
The Profound Impact Of The NEA And NEH, In One Simple Graphic. Our friends at Museum Hack illustrate how influential the National Endowment for the Humanities and National Endowment for the Arts really are.
That Viral 'Harry Potter' Puppet Video Is 10 Years Old & Now In High-Def. Because 2017 has been hard and WE DESERVE IT.
Under Trump, Muslim Book Publishers Are Fighting Against Hate. Nuanced visions of Islam are needed more than ever.
A White Artist's Painting Of Emmett Till Sparks Protest, Controversy And A Viral Hoax. Why the conflict surrounding Dana Schutz's \Open Casket\ has only continued to escalate.
The Full 'Handmaid\u2019s Tale' Trailer Is A Dystopian Nightmare And A Call To Action. The show\u2019s characters reflect on the warning signs of a troubled state.
Jane Austen Apparently Made Up Two Fake Marriages, For The Lulz. Jane, you mischievous scamp!
Pussy Riot Offers Advice On How To Defy \u2018Stupid Ape\u2019 Donald Trump. \We must not give [him] our fear.\
White Artist's Emmett Till Painting Incites Anger At Whitney Biennial. \It is not acceptable for a white person to transmute Black suffering into profit and fun.\
What Happens If A Nuclear Bomb Goes Off In Manhattan?. By Kaveh Waddell On a quiet afternoon, two medium-sized nuclear blasts level portions of Manhattan. If this were a movie
Podcasts Are The New Xanax. The ideal podcast was the adult equivalent of a bedtime story
The Most Clich\u00e9d And Most Exclamation-Prone Authors, By The Numbers. A statistician ran the analysis on popular and classic books, and the results are in.
Acclaimed Horror Comic Artist Bernie Wrightson Dead At 68. LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - Bernie Wrightson, the prolific horror comic book artist, died on Sunday after a long battle with
Living A Risky Life As An Artist In Lebanon. In 2011, I made a film called Zero Silence. It was a documentary film about young people in the Middle East who have grown
Nazi-Themed Trump Billboard To Stay Up As Long As He's President, Owner Says. The explosive sign, recently erected in Arizona, features dollar-sign swastikas and mushroom clouds.
Acclaimed Poet And Playwright Derek Walcott Dead At 87. The Nobel Prize-winning writer was celebrated for the powerful and evocative poetry he wrote about his native Caribbean.
360-Degree Photographs Invite You Inside America's Most Majestic Libraries. No library card necessary.
Danny DeVito Makes A Monumental Debut On Broadway In The Price!. If you want to see a fantastic play with an outstanding cast, go see Arthur Miller\u2019s The Price at the American Airlines Theatre
Trump's Budget Proposes To Eliminate Arts Agencies, As Many Feared. If Congress approves it, this budget would gut a national system of support for vital arts and culture programs.
Arts Advocates Denounce Proposed Elimination Of The NEA And NEH. \The arts are not a frill.\u201d
Chelsea Clinton To Publish Children's Book Titled 'She Persisted'. \u201cI wrote this book for everyone who\u2019s ever wanted to speak up but has been told to quiet down, for everyone who\u2019s ever been made to feel less than ...\
Ivana Trump Is Writing A 'Non-Partisan' Book About Raising Her Children. Donald Trump had three children with his first ex-wife.
Musicians From Countries Affected By Trump\u2019s Travel Ban Fight Back At SXSW. Faarrow and Bassel & The Supernaturals will participate in the show, which will include music ranging from traditional to futuristic.
Students Around The Country Are Sending Letters To Trump Via A Large Vagina Sculpture. \Nobody has the right to deny a woman the freedom to make decisions over her own body.\
The Sickly Sweet Children's Books That Inspired Henry Darger's Dark Imagination. \u201cSource Materials\u201d provides a tour through the unwitting accomplices in Henry Darger\u2019s twisted fantasies.
Man Travels To Historic Art Locations Just To Paint The Patterns On His Shirts. We're serious.
A Bunch Of Artists Made Absolutely Chilling Images Inspired By 'Get Out'. In the words of Jordan Peele
9 Parking Garage Designs That Are Works Of Art. Kansas City Library Garage (Kansas City, Missouri) The public library in Kansas City, Missouri boasts a parking garage completed
Lookups Of 'Complicit' Surge After 'SNL' Sketch Spoofs Ivanka Trump. \The fragrance for the woman who could stop all this, but won't.\
Huff Post's Entertainment Instagram. Read the full article relating to each post!
F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long-Lost Short Story Savages The Publishing Industry. \I am a publisher. I publish any sort of book. I am looking for a book that will sell five hundred thousand copies.\
Joan Didion\u2019s New Book Explores The Bubble Of The American South. In \South and West,\ the essayist took notes on isolation and conservative mores.
Four Black Artists Join Forces To Purchase Nina Simone's Childhood Home. Adam Pendleton, Rashid Johnson, Ellen Gallagher and Julie Mehretu took over the legendary space.
Tondo, Tondo, Tondo. Renee Magnanti combines bold patterning with a suggestion of spirituality in her distinctive, colorful and highly textured
Strangely Compelling 'Shybot' Roams California Desert Avoiding Humans. The Desert X Biennial art project frees the little rover from us.
HuffPost's Instagram. Read the full article relating to each post!
Robert James Waller, 'Bridges of Madison County' Author, Dead At 77. His beloved 1992 novel celebrated romantic love.
Dan Rather To Write A Book On 'What Unites Us'. Rather says his collection of essays will explore \themes that I see as fundamental to holding together this great experiment in democracy.\
J.K. Rowling Shows Two Faces Of Donald Trump On International Women's Day. Oh, the hypocrisy!
'Hamilton' Cast Members Donate Salaries From Performance To Honor Women's Day. Work, work!
Artist Updates 'If You See Something, Say Something' Posters With Message Of Resistance. \What scares me more than an unattended package is an unattended politician.\
74-Year-Old Man Arrested After Alleged 'Massacre' Of Kim Kardashian\u2019s Books. How could he be so heartless?
Alvin Ailey Introduces New Works; We Love Accordingly. Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater returns to Southern California delivering magnificent works and debuting exciting new
A 'Real' School Of Wizardry Is Opening In An English Castle This Year. Fizzing whizbees, it\u2019s a magic retreat!
Margaret Atwood's Advice For Young Feminists. She urges people \u201cto prevent the roll-back that is taking place especially in the area of women\u2019s health.\
Read The Fierce Letters Women Throughout History Have Written To Call Out Sexism. \I cannot imagine myself blurbing a book ... the tone of which is so self-contentedly, exclusively male, like a club, or a locker room.\
These Are The Realities Of Mental Health, From A(nxiety) To Z. It's time to have honest conversations about mental health, and this illustrated alphabet might help pave the way.
How 'Jane The Virgin' Gets Motherhood Right. Yael Grobglas, who plays Petra on the show, talks postpartum depression and sympathetic villainy.
Margaret Atwood Admits 'The Handmaid\u2019s Tale' Is More Relevant Than Ever. The author tweeted to a fan about the novel\u2019s themes of oppression.
Feminist Sci-Fi Writers Dream Up A Better Future For Women And Reproductive Health. These authors \u2013 including Hugo and Philip K. Dick Award winners \u2013 imagine what's in store.
Artist Honors The Legacy Of Britain's Radical Suffragettes. Amy Jorgensen prints women's surveillance images atop vintage handkerchiefs to explore possibilities of feminist resistance.
George R.R. Martin\u2019s 'Beauty And The Beast' Would've Been Bloody AF. \The Beast killed people. That was the point of the character. He was a beast.\
Empathy - Humanity's Greatest Lost Art. Millennials make up the most diverse demographic ever in American history. From ethnic background to career choice and lifestyle
7 Tips For Choosing The Best Idea For Your Novel. 1. Draw on inspiration from the world around you. Orson Scott Card once said, \u201cEverybody walks past a thousand story ideas
Banksy Built A Hotel Overlooking The Israel-Palestine Barrier. The anonymous street artist hopes his dystopian inn will entice Israeli citizens to visit and learn more about Palestinian culture.
'White Tears' Is The Horror Story 'La La Land' Should Have Become. A ghostly mystery haunts a duo of white music producers who want to save the blues in Hari Kunzru's new novel.
The Sartorial Genius Of Georgia O'Keeffe. A new show at the Brooklyn Museum celebrates how the artist used fashion and photography to craft her persona.
Artist Honors The History Of Broken Promises That Preceded Standing Rock. Gina Adams' quilts reflect the words of broken treaties between the U.S government and Native American tribes.
French Artist 'Dazed' After Living In A Rock For A Week. The artist says the rock \hosted me well.\
Diving Into Lorde's Dreamy And Dramatic Album Art. The painter behind the piece, Sam McKinniss, is known for his intense and operatic celebrity portraits.
Your New Favorite Adult Coloring Book Honors The Drag Kings And Queens Of The South. Kasten McClellan Searles went to local drag clubs and asked kings and queens to be her muses.
How A Ghanian-German Artist Uses Personal Style To Express Her Hybrid Identity. Zohra Opoku believes expressing herself through style was key to her early life in East Germany.
Whoops! Selfie Snapper Smashes Sculpture Days After Exhibit Opens. People have lined up for hours to see Yayoi Kusama's highly photogenic \infinity rooms.\
These Iconic Women Artists Deserve A Special Place In The History Books. Lisa Congdon's wistful portraits celebrate Kara Walker, Louise Bourgeois and more.
St. Vincent's Sleek Ernie Ball Collaboration Is An 'Equal-Opportunity' Guitar. Because \u2014\u00a0duh \u2014\u00a0all guitars are.
Getting Older Is A Thing Of Beauty In These Portraits Of Centenarians Around The World. Photographer Karsten Thormaehlen wants you to lose your fear of aging.
Artist Is Casually Spending The Week Living Inside A Giant Boulder. Abraham Poincheval will be surrounded by his own excrement the entire time.
Mysterious J.K. Rowling Tweet Has 'Fantastic Beasts' Fans Freaking Out. WHAT DOES IT MEAN???
Seth Rogen Uses The Oscars To Reveal He's A Major 'Hamilton' Fan. He even got Michael J. Fox in on the fun. (Lin-Manuel Miranda obviously loved it.)
Sage Elf Jaden Smith Is Leaving His Art On The Streets For Lucky Mortals To Find. If you want it, come and get it.
This Dance Inspired By 'Moonlight' Is Almost As Gorgeous As The Real Thing. Composer Nicholas Britell collaborated with the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater for two minutes of poetry in motion.
These Emerging Artists Are More Than Ready To Defend The First Amendment. A show called \Marked Urgent\ is raising money for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Finally, A Web Series That Navigates The Horrors Of Being A 'Woman Online\u2019. Comedian Sara Schaefer is done apologizing for existing on the internet.
New Podcast To Explore Richard Simmons' Disappearance From The Public Eye. The \Sweatin' to the Oldies\ star hasn't made a public appearance in over two years.
Art Museums Provide Safe Spaces For Trans Students Across The Country. Institutions like the Walker Art Center are recognizing the role they play in educating visitors \u2014 whether it's using a canvas or not.
Oscar Isaac To Play Title Role In New York Production Of 'Hamlet'. Keegan-Michael Key, of \u201cKey and Peele,\ will play Horatio.
A Free, Lady-Led Zine Is Here To School You On Reproductive Rights. Because knowledge is (girl) power.
Artist's Inspiring National Anthem Performance Is A Literal Work Of Art. Just wait until the end.
Mural Shows 37 Real And Repulsive Things Politicians Have Said About Women. Two feminist artists teamed up to show that sexism is nothing new.
This Feminist Film Got Snubbed By The Oscars, But You Should Watch It Anyway. \u201c20th Century Women\u201d confronts some hairy issues. Is that why the Academy wrote it off?
Yayoi Kusama's 'Infinity Rooms' Are Here To Turn Your Instagram Feed Into Art. Let the selfie-taking commence.
A Previously Unknown Walt Whitman Novella Was Discovered -- And It's Not Great. \Leaves of Grass\ lovers, assemble!
Met Director Fears Elimination Of NEA Marks 'New Assault' On Art. We can all learn from Thomas P. Campbell's impassioned defense of public art.
Fourth-Generation Harlem Artist Challenges What It Means To Be An American. In his exhibition \Homegrown,\ David Shrobe chops up and rearranges the traditions of portraiture.
Milo Yiannopoulos\u2019 Canceled Book Is A Lesson In Battling Hate Speech. The alt-right writer may find self-publishing success, but mainstream validation will be harder to come by.
The One Book You Need To Read To Understand The Plight Of Refugees. In nine psychologically evocative short stories, Viet Thanh Nguyen lays bare the trauma and emotional ambivalence that lie beneath sentimental or heroic tales of refugees.
Indie Movie Theaters Nationwide To Protest Donald Trump By Screening '1984'. It's all happening April 4. Mark your calendars, comrades.
Simon & Schuster Cancels Milo Yiannopoulos' Book Deal Following Pedophilia Controversy. Better late than never?
In Praise Of Women Who\u2019ve Explored \u2014 And Conquered \u2014 On Foot. In \Fl\u00e2neuse,\ Lauren Elkin writes about the obstacles women have encountered while walking in cities.
10 Ideas That Could Save American Poetry. The fact that nobody will buy, read, teach, or enjoy your poetry means that it\u2019s the one thing that is totally yours.
Activist Artist Dread Scott On Why We Need A Revolution. \You need to get rid of a system and economy that are based on exploitation if you want to get rid of exploitation.\
200 Artists From Around The World Launch Initiative To Fight Fascism Through Art. \We will not go quietly.\
Auditions For Broadway's 'Harry Potter And The Cursed Child' Are Happening. The listing invites \all ethnicities\ to try out.
All-Women Motorcycle Crew Turns Feminism Up A Gear. Photographer Akasha Rabut captured Caramel Curves\u2019 pink-hued rides.
Artist Addresses The Racist History Of Photographing Men Of Color. \Men of color historically were not granted the opportunity to appear sympathetic in portraits.\
Lin-Manuel Miranda Is Too Busy Planning His Oscars Date With Mom To Worry About MacPEGOTing. \I think once you start trying to win awards, you immediately stop winning them.\
Sara Bareilles To Step Into Leading Role Of Broadway's Feminist Musical 'Waitress'. The singer-songwriter will make her Broadway debut.
To Protest Trump's Travel Ban, Museum Temporarily Removes All Work By Immigrant Artists. And all work donated by immigrants, too.
Philip Pullman Is Dropping New Anti-Authoritarian Fantasy Trilogy. The new book will focus on \the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organization [...] and those who believe thought and speech should be free.\u201d
'Brown Girls' Web Series Creator Says Joy Is A Powerful Political Weapon. Fatimah Asghar talks humor and intersectional storytelling.
Eve Ensler Wants To Topple The Patriarchy With 'Revolutionary Love'. \In a rape culture, everything that\u2019s done is backed up with state violence on one level or another [...]  And I think we have to model the opposite of that.\
It's Galentine's Day, So Lin-Manuel Miranda Made A Playlist Dedicated To Ladies. Queen Latifah, Florence, Santigold \u2014 the girl gang's all there.
Bookstore Trolls Piers Morgan, Tweets Entirety Of \u2018Harry Potter\u2019 At Him. Morgan told J.K. Rowling he\u2019d \u201cnever read a single word of Harry Potter.\u201d
Ouch, J.K. Rowling Just Burned Trump Supporter Piers Morgan Bad. This man needs an Aguamenti charm, ASAP.
How The Grammys Gloss Over Great Indigenous Music Being Made Today. The New Age category, with its history of appropriation, outlives those dedicated to cultural traditions.
Why One Artist Believes Ambivalence Is A Form Of Feminist Resistance. Ambivalently Yours wants young women to embrace their complicated identities.
Artists With Disabilities Toy With Gender Norms On And Off The Canvas. At studio-gallery Creative Growth, artists are free to make what they want and be who they are.
Behold The First 'Historically Accurate' Portrait Of Mr. Darcy. The fictional dreamboat probably had a \u201clong nose\u201d and \u201cpointy chin.\u201d
Marc Trujillo. What are you interested in outside of painting?\u00a0 The sister arts, literature, sculpture, music (I play guitar some and am
Tarot Readers Describe How Their Clients Have Changed Since The Election. At a time of uncertainty, both personally and politically, spiritual sources of comfort can come in handy.
An Interview With Soprano Katerina Mina. Katerina Mina is tall, blonde and chic. She is also a much lauded spinto soprano who has appeared on countless stages and
Seattle Symphony Responds To Trump's Travel Ban With Concert Celebrating Muslim Nations. Within hours of announcing a free concert, Seattle Symphony's performance sold out. Thankfully, they're live-streaming it.
One Judge\u2019s Order For Hate Crime Committers. A judge's \unusual sentence\ included assigning books like \u201cThe Handmaid\u2019s Tale.\
Here Is Jake Gyllenhaal Singing His Heart Out Ahead Of His Broadway Musical Debut. Yes, yes, yes, yes and yas.
Artist Captures Striking Portraits Of Refugee Children Trump Would Turn Away. Children make up more than half of the world\u2019s refugee population.
The Bottom Line. Ottessa Moshfegh's stories of selfish people doing foul things capture the dark side of human nature.
An Adaptation Of George Orwell's '1984' Is Coming To Broadway. If you have a thing for eerily relevant dystopian narratives, this is the show for you!
'Drunk Feminist Films' Lets You Get Smashed And Smash The Patriarchy, Too. It's a space for feminists to simultaneously indulge in and criticize Hollywood tropes.
Sculptor Who Voluntarily Went To Japanese Prison Camp To Help Became Trapped Himself. Japanese-American artist wanted to use art to make prison camps more humane.
14 Iranian Artists Explore Just How Complex Immigration And Identity Can Be. In a tumultuous time for American foreign policy, these artists offer nuanced views of what it means to be Iranian.
Bolshoi Prima Ballerina Describes The Emotional Intensity Of Dancing 'Swan Lake'. \Every ballerina that\u2019s danced this ballet, and has danced it well, can say she\u2019s made it.\
Even When Announcing Her Pregnancy, Beyonc\u00e9 Gives Black Artists A Platform. With every move she makes, Queen Bey amplifies the voices of talented, young artists from lesser-celebrated fields like visual art, poetry and ballet.
This Queer, Immigrant Illustrator Starts Every Morning With A Work Of Activist Art. Illustrator Shing Yin Khor is a stunning example of how artists can provide concrete means of dissent.
Dictionaries Are Tracking Trumpian Word Usage To Update The English Language Accordingly. \Trumpkin\ may be in our linguistic future.
Badass Librarian Tracks Down 'Hackers,' Clears Student's Name. Never underestimate a librarian, friends.
A Book Of Hillary Clinton's Personal Essays Is Coming. The book will reflect on her campaign against Donald Trump.
In Response To Muslim Ban, Publisher Will Only Release Books By Authors From Affected Countries. British nonprofit press Comma will forgo American titles in favor of Arabic writers, writers of Muslim heritage and refugees.
Black Lives Matter Art Show Organizer Wants To 'Wake People Up To Injustice'. For many, the time to support local organizations advocating for racial justice and artistic expression is now.
Amy Adams Explains Her Relationship With The Aliens In 'Arrival'. Here's how this story about communication came together.
Searches For 'Betrayal' Spike After Spicer Is Asked To Define It. Spicer refused to define the word during a press conference.
'1984' Sales Have Skyrocketed. Here\u2019s What To Read Next.. Ten Orwellian books about censorship and the power of words.
Artists Are Offering Free Drawings In Exchange For ACLU Donations. One illustrator's idea gained traction through social media, showing the many ways skills can translate into action.
Scientists Are Artists, Too. In short
An Alert, Well-Hydrated Artist in No Acute Distress--Episode Thirty-Five. 
This Oscar-Nominated Documentary About Autism Celebrates The Outsider. \Life, Animated\ director Roger Ross Williams says \no one should be left behind.\
'Roe v. Wade' Play Shows How Much Is At Stake For Young Women Today. \I feel that theater is a place where people ... can come together in the dark to look at an issue from a human point of view.\
Hamilton's Schuyler Sisters Are Singing At Super Bowl LI. We're so lucky to be alive right now!
D.C. Museum Dedicated To Women In Art Broke Attendance Record Inauguration Weekend. Turns out nasty women like their feminist art.
An Exhaustive List Of Art Projects Threatened By The Proposed NEA Cuts. Artist Tega Brain created a website that lists what could be lost if arts funding dies.
Young Women Of Color Encouraged To Contribute To Solange-Inspired Syllabus. Ensuring they have a seat at the table.
'Hamilton' Star Wayne Brady Says To 'Fight For The Arts' In Trump Era. \During these four years, what are you going to fight for?\
Step Into A Feminist Artist's Overgrown Garden Of Girly Delights. Portia Munson explores the gendered history of the color pink in  an exhibition that both attracts and repulses.
'The Devil Wears Prada' Is Coming To Broadway. That's All.. Oh, and Sir Elton John is writing the music.
Roxane Gay Yanks Upcoming Book From Simon & Schuster Imprint. Thanks a lot, Milo Yiannopoulos.
The Art Nerds Of Twitter Drag Trump With #TrumpArtworks. People will organize, people will resist and people will also maybe troll a little.
Publisher Says Milo Yiannopoulos\u2019 Book Won't 'Incite Hatred, Discrimination'. Simon & Schuster's CEO penned a letter against hate speech.
You\u2019ll Want To Read This Scorching Satire Of 'American Values'. The Midwest is a warped fairy tale in our Book of the Week.
\u20181984\u2019 Sales Spike After Kellyanne Conway\u2019s Orwellian Interview. People are suddenly very interested in the enduring story of a dystopian society.
Invasion Day Portraits Celebrate The Lives Of Today's Indigenous Women. Australian artist Frances Cannon chose to mark the occasion with some powerful illustrations.
Mark Twain Wrote This Never-Before-Published Fairy Tale For His Daughters. The author told his daughters a lot of bedtime stories, but this is the only one he jotted down.
People Have Book Recommendations For Trump, If He'd Only Read One. Make America's president literary again.
'HamilDemos' Are The Rough Cuts Of 'Hamilton' Songs Fans Dream Of. Um, you're gonna wanna hear these.
Mykki Blanco Celebrates Inauguration Day By Tattooing 'F**k Trump' On His Chest. Supporters have dubbed him a \u201ctrue American hero.\u201d
Dark New Book Shows The Grim Reality Of Resisting Oppression. Han Kang's second novel to be translated into English is a visceral, searing excavation of trauma rooted in the 1980 Gwangju Uprising.
Today, You Can Watch A Clown Read Donald Trump's Inauguration Speech. No, not the president-elect.
\u2018Carnage\u2019 Is The Top Dictionary Search On Trump's Inauguration Day. Merriam Webster defines it as \u201cthe flesh of slain animals or humans.\u201d
Artists Band Together With A Message For Trump. They are hard at work crafting protest gear for this weekend's marches.
Trump Reportedly Plans To End National Arts Funding. His administration may shutter the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. That's not good.
'War On Women' Protest Signs Don\u2019t Sugarcoat Gender Inequality. \u201cIs the wage gap not big enough for your ego?\u201d
Donald Trump Clearly 'Likes Reading Books' If They're About Him. Of course, he's currently reading CNN's book about his campaign.
John Lewis\u2019 Book Will Be Donated To Schools In Need. \u201cAll talk, talk, talk\u201d he is not.
Bookstore Will Hand Out Free Copies Of 'We Should All Be Feminists' On Inauguration Day. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's 21st-century feminist manifesto is the perfect inauguration day read.
Marvel\u2019s New She-Hulk Reminds Us That Anger Can Serve A Purpose. Writer Mariko Tamaki says, \u201cWhat\u2019s a good story without a little rage?\u201d
Taran Killam's 'Hamilton' Look Is Giving Us Major Jebidiah Atkinson Vibes. Boy, you be Killam 'em.
'Nasty Women' Is The Intersectional Essay Collection Feminists Need. And you can support it on Kickstarter.
Fake Inaugural Poem Is A Puzzling Ode To Trump\u2019s \u2018Purpose And Strength\u2019. Fake news, fake folders, and now, a fake inaugural poem.
Shelter Dogs Get Swimming Lessons In Adorably Fetching Photos. Dogs need to learn water safety skills, too.
Library Book Finally Returned 100 Years Later In San Francisco. The book \Forty Minutes Late\u201d made its way home last week, and was way more tardy than the title suggested.
'Nasty Women' Art Shows Raise Over $50,000 For Planned Parenthood. In the opening weekend alone.
The Best Inauguration Week Music Won't Be Found At The Capitol Building. These events are going down in D.C., New York and a Bandcamp near you.
Obama, Possible Aspiring-Novelist-In-Chief, Once Wrote Short Fiction. Like every guy in your college English class, our president was once working on some really profound short fiction.
Clever Browser Extension Helps You Find New Library Books \u2014 On Amazon. \ud83d\udcda  Yes, please. \ud83d\udcda
'Hope' Artist Shepard Fairey Made Some Commanding Poster Art For The March On D.C.. Shepard Fairey, Jessica Sabogal and Ernesto Yerena want to visualize the non-partisan principles that characterize America.
I Asked Artists About Empathy. \u201cIt is my duty to voice the sufferings of people, the sufferings that never end and are as big as mountains.\u201d \u2015 K\u00e4the Kollwitz
Artist Turns Donald Trump\u2019s Most Controversial Quotes Into Comic Book Covers. \Trump had said so many outrageous things during his campaign that I wanted to catalogue them.\
Student Transforms College Rejection Letter Into Viral Work Of Art. \I just thought it was a bit of a bummer not to get in. I felt like making it into something.\
How To Survive In A Conspiracy Theorist's World. I almost missed out on \u201cSearch Party\u201d in the post-election haze. That\u2019s exactly when I needed it most.
Todrick Hall Discusses His Return To Broadway After YouTube Stardom. We chatted with Hall backstage at \Kinky Boots.\
George Lucas Loves Art So Much He's Opening A $1 Billion Museum. The \futuristic-looking\ museum just found a home in Los Angeles.
A Brick-And-Mortar Amazon Bookstore Is Coming To NYC. Will this change how we Amazon?
Chilling Book About Parental Love Is A Ghost Story For The Modern Age. Samanta Schweblin\u2019s \Fever Dream\ will give you nightmares.
The Folk Art Paintings Keeping Obama\u2019s Legacy Alive In Urban Neighborhoods. Photographer Camilo Jos\u00e9 Vergara has documented murals celebrating the first black president in cities around the country.
Marlon James' New Fantasy Trilogy Is Inspired By 'LOTR' And African Epics. Finally, an answer to the lack of characters of color in fantasy and sci-fi.
J.K. Rowling Says Criticizing Donald Trump Is Both A 'Pleasure' And A 'Duty'. The \Harry Potter\ author was clearly inspired by Meryl Streep's Golden Globes speech.
D.C. Museum's 'Nasty Women' Tour Celebrates Art History's Feminist Heroes. \Here, it\u2019s Women\u2019s History Month every month.\
The Painting Depicting Cops As Pigs Is Back On The Capitol Wall ... AGAIN. A representative removed the controversial artwork from a Capitol wall without permission. It was later returned. And then removed. And then returned again.
'I Am Not Your Negro' Trailer Shows The Lasting Power Of James Baldwin's Words. The documentary, created from Baldwin's work on race in America, promises to be timely and transcendent.
Artists Call For Global Culture Strike On America's Inauguration Day. The J20 Art Strike asks museums, galleries, schools, non-profits, theaters and concert halls to refrain from conducting business as usual.
Stage Door. 
Social Media Friendships, Artists As A Tribe And An Homage To Artist David Park (1911-1960). Honestly, the more I think about it, there is something profound about the way art forms communities, both online and in
So THAT'S What 'OK' Stands For. It's the \bae\ of the 19th century.
'Real Housewives of ISIS' Spoof Galvanizes Fans And Haters. The BBC's \Revolting\ skit parodies suicide vests and online seduction.
Reminder. Will it have a \chilling effect\ on free expression? Maybe, but so does hate speech.
Let's Eat Grandma Is Your Teenage Nightmare. This ethereal pop duo can smell your fear. And they like it.
Great Science Fiction Isn\u2019t Just About Facts. It\u2019s About Imagination.. \u201cThe OA\u201d is emotional, spiritual, and humanistic. That doesn\u2019t make it bunk.
Weird, There's An Alexis Bledel In This \u2018Handmaid\u2019s Tale\u2019 Adaptation. She\u2019ll star alongside Elisabeth Moss in the Hulu show.
The Hip-Hop Artists Who Use Words To Change The World. These 43 people from around the world use music to advocate for peace and human rights.
There\u2019s A Reason Why Indie Bookstores Are Thriving. For author and new bookstore owner Emma Straub, it\u2019s simple
Technology Allows Tattoo Artist To Really Get Cutting-Edge. An iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have \u201cchanged my reality as an artist. Tenfold.\u201d
Nearly 700 'Nasty Women' Artists Have Teamed Up To Protest Trump. \We can\u2019t just be defeated; we can\u2019t just turn apathetic. We have to be active.\
Sleater-Kinney Just Made Bowie's 'Rebel Rebel' The Political Anthem Of 2017. Hot tramps, the new year is upon us. We've got a lot of work to do.
The Best Technology For The New Year. Incorporating a Datebook The back half of the Creativity Notebook is a 52 week calendar section. It involves a simple binder
Carrie Fisher's Books Were 'Wiped Out By Demand,' So They're Being Reprinted. Simon & Schuster has ordered an additional 50,000 copies of her titles.
New Book Defending Donald Trump Is Actually An Elaborate Prank. It\u2019s a self-published stunt that anti-Trumpers will appreciate.
Margaret Atwood Cautions America Against 'Dictators Of Any Kind'. \The Handmaid\u2019s Tale\ author is worried about fake news and cyberbullying.
\u2018Sexually Explicit\u2019 Books Could Be Under Fire In Virginia Schools. If a new proposal passes, parents could have the power to veto reading list titles.
CisWhiteMale.com Redirects To Jonathan Franzen's Facebook Page. Yes, this is real.
Exploring The Shadowy World Of A Cuban Feminist Legend. The late master printmaker Belkis Ay\u00f3n gets her first U.S. museum exhibition.
Donna Quesada. 
Critics Threaten Boycotts Of Simon & Schuster Over Milo Yiannopoulos Book Deal. \In response to this disgusting validation of hate, we will not cover a single [Simon & Schuster] book in 2017.\
11 Things We Learned From Women In Film This Year. Short film directors, screenwriters and Academy Award-winning actresses talk navigating a still unequal landscape.
WTF. The \alt-right\ icon was banned from Twitter after launching a widespread attack on actress Leslie Jones.
George R.R. Martin Accurately Summarizes 2016. Preach.
12 Illustrations That Pay Tribute To The Late, Great Carrie Fisher. Visual artists from all over the globe are remembering the actress through artwork.
'Watership Down' Author Richard Adams Dead At 96. The book sold millions of copies and captivated a generation of children.
Obama\u2019s Next Chapter. The president plans to embark on a new literary journey once his second term comes to a close.
What Comes Next? Rockwell Reminds Us. People think they know Norman Rockwell, and they look for what they expect of him. But so often he presented an image that
The Invaluable Lessons Of 'Watership Down,' A Dark Classic Every Kid Should Read. Richard Adams knew his book would frighten kids. And that's why he wrote it.
Let Emma Watson's Year In Books Inspire Your 2017 Reading List. She's lit.
Top 5 Sizzling Hot Winter Music Festivals in Frigid New York City. 
If The Holidays Are Driving You Mad, Baby Bjork Reading The Nativity Story Will Help. Once a renegade visionary, always a renegade visionary.
Yiyun Li. In a New Yorker essay, the author opens up about abandoning Chinese to write in English.
John Williams Has Never Seen 'Star Wars,' Doesn't Think Much Of His Scores. Ouch.
Classic Sci-Fi Story About Race And Gender In The South Gets An Update. Read an excerpt of Octavia Butler\u2019s \Kindred,\ now a graphic novel.
Amber Tamblyn Is Working On A Novel About Rape Culture. If it\u2019s anything like her poetry, it\u2019ll be brave, fresh and so worth the wait.
Sex And Politics. How do you decide which personal projects you work on? Describe the process. Additionally, how long do you work on these
The Radical, Feminist Comic Book We Need To Survive A Trump Presidency. 30,000 copies of \Resist!\ will be distributed for free on inauguration weekend.
Weird That Thomas Edison Kind Of Invented The Tattoo Gun, No?. So much cooler than the electric light bulb.
Defending their lives in 'Ride the Cyclone'. 
J.K. Rowling's Heartfelt Christmas Tweets Are What We All Need Right Now. \Astonishing reversals of fortune happen every minute.\
Discovering In Parenthesis. 
Stage Door. 
At 70 Years Old, Marina Abramovi\u0107 Is Still Learning From Heartbreak. \I don\u2019t do privacy. My work and my art and my life is all out there.\
An Afghan Street Artist Boldly Brings Women's Stories To Life. Shamsia Hassani hopes her work inspires younger Afghan citizens, both men and women, to create.
35 Over 35 Honors Authors Who Found Success Later In Life. Because not all prodigies are children.
Sharon Van Etten Is Also Dying To Know What Happens Next On 'The OA'. One of indie music's best singer-songwriters explains her role in this year's surprise sci-fi thriller.
Artist Mines Google Maps For The Literal Saddest Places On Earth. And you think your hometown is depressing?
Artists Really, Really Don't Want Their Work On Ivanka Trump's Walls. \u201cDear @Ivankatrump please get my work off of your walls. I am embarrassed to be seen with you.\u201d
When Is On-Screen Assault OK?. Some directors are pushing against rape as a plot device. But movies like \u201cElle\u201d handle the sensitive topic with care.
2016 Was Awful For Pretty Much Everything Except Podcasts. A small bright spot in a year of gloom.
Lordess And Savior Bjork Celebrates Winter Solstice With A Little Patriarchy Smashing. If anyone could make us excited for 2017, it\u2019s Bjork.
Monopoly Sets Up Holiday Hotline To Settle Family Disputes. No cheaters allowed.
Pantsuit Nation Is Becoming A Book, And Not Everyone Is Pleased. Does an activist group need a \permanent, beautiful, holdable, snuggle-in-bed-able, dogear-able, shareable, tearstainable book\?
These Abandoned Buildings Are Adorned With Stunning Portraits Of Women. For Architectural Digest, by Sara Tardiff. There are few artists whose work you are just as likely to encounter in a gallery
Sharon Jones's Classic Christmas Cover Is Now An Adorable Claymation Video. Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings' version of \Please Come Home For Christmas\ is magical.
In Just Over 100 Years, The Met Has Only Staged Two Operas By Women. The opera world must and can do a better job.
Dr. Rachel Owen, Artist And Thom Yorke's Ex-Partner, Dead At 48. Owen's split with Yorke is believed to have influenced Radiohead's latest album, \A Moon Shaped Pool.\
Street Artist To America. Tatyana Fazlalizadeh captioned her latest mural \#BlackTransLivesMatter.\
Nearly Everything That Happened In 2016, In One Highly Detailed Illustration. From \Stranger Things\ and Bernie Sanders to the death of Bowie, it's all here.
Sadly, 'Puppy' Isn't Merriam-Webster's Word Of The Year. \u201cSurreal\ won out over \puppy,\u201d \u201cflummadiddle,\u201d and \u201cfascism,\u201d which were all trending earlier this month.
The Prospect NY Launches with Limited Editions by Baron von Fancy. 
Thomas Bayrle at Lenbachhaus M\u00fcnchen, Kunstbau (VIDEO). 
5 Things I Discovered From Taking A Month Off From Writing. For the past five years I\u2019ve kept a rigorous writing schedule. I\u2019ve written or co-authored four books and one e-book. I\u2019ve
Of Course There\u2019s An A Cappella Rudolph-Themed \u2018Hamilton\u2019 Parody. \Did you say Burr? Yes sir, 'cause it's freezing.\
Most Notable Quote Of 2016? Trump Saying He Could 'Shoot Somebody' And Not Lose Votes. That about sums up this year.
Allow Aparna Nancherla To Break Down Why Mocking Donald Trump Is So Dangerous. The time for tiny-hand jokes has passed.
Handwritten J.K. Rowling Book Snags $470,000 At Auction. The copy of \The Tales of Beedle the Bard\ also features illustrations by the \Harry Potter\ author.
Bernie Sanders' New Book Takes Corporate Media To Task. \u201cIf media does not accept its responsibility to talk about the reality facing the American people [...] that is a real threat to the future of American democracy,\u201d
Netflix\u2019s Dark New Adaptation Series Will Be \u2018Super Faithful To The Books\u2019. As Count Olaf in \A Series of Unfortunate Events, \Neil Patrick Harris says he\u2019ll be \distinctly mean.\
Stressed-Out Teenage Hero Follows Along With Bob Ross On Microsoft Paint. \THIS MADE ME SO HAPPY I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW PLEASE I ADVISE YOU GUYS TO DRAW ALONG WITH BOB ROSS.\
Stop Trying To Make Movies Great Again. \u201cLa La Land\u201d and its ilk are fun reflections on the Golden Age of film. But there are great movies being made today, too.
Hate Crimes In Libraries See Post-Election Spike. The American Library Association is now formally tracking them.
Overdue Library Book Returned After 120 Years. Better late than never!
Photographer Captures The Beauty Of The Burkini, Without A Political Agenda. Melina Papageorgiou gives the controversial swimsuits space to finally enjoy a day at the beach.
Another Hero Departed. 
Photos Shine A Spotlight On Just How Beautiful Traffic Lights Can Be. Who knew?
Bob Dylan Honored At Nobel Prize Banquet Despite Absence. Patti Smith performed \A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall.\
Kate McKinnon To Join Ranks Of Comic Book Movie Stars As 'The Lunch Witch'. From Saturday nights to school nights.
Mark Burnett Presents. What if reality turned into reality TV?
Book Publishers Are Scrambling To Release Trump 'Survival Guides'. Several forthcoming new books center on coping with the new president-elect.
Artist Chronicles Her Transition In Hilarious And Heartfelt Comics. Julia Kaye's drawings bring the realness.
This Famous Harry Potter Tree Is Getting Surgery. James Potter and Sirius Black would be proud. Snape... not so much.
Remembering The Young Lords, Black Panther Allies History Forgot. The music-infused play \Party People\ explores how emotionally taxing it is \to be woke\ today.
Matt Damon Wants You To Know He Didn't Steal A Role From A Chinese Actor. Just because \The Great Wall\ might not be whitewashed doesn't mean it's not deeply problematic.
Meet The Teens Bringing Classic Poetry Off The Page And Into The Real World. Because classic poetry isn\u2019t just the language of the privileged.
A Look Into The NYC That Was Never Built. Although The New York Times gushed over Moshe Safdie's bold design for the city's very own version of Habitat 67, noting
My Thoughts On The Oakland Ghost Ship Fire And The Plight Of Artists In Our Society. I had a case of writer\u2019s block this week. I just couldn\u2019t get going on the two beautiful coffee table books I was going to
Bob Dylan Will Skip The Nobel Ceremony, But He Did Write A Speech. So, in a way, he'll be there!
These 15 Street Art Murals Will Make You Want To Visit Upfest 2017. Beautiful.
The First. 
Art Basel in Miami Beach 2016. 
Holy Hogwarts, 'Harry Potter And The Cursed Child' Is Headed To Broadway. At least America has something to look forward to in the coming years.
How The Internet Gave Birth To 'Troll Politics' And President-Elect Trump. Feminist author Caitlin Moran dissects the role the web played in politics this year.
How Art Helped An LGBTQ Woman Survive Incarceration. During her six years behind bars, drawing became Jennifer Mayo's identity.
Authors And Organizations Sign Pledge To Protect Free Speech Under Trump. President-elect Trump has a concerning habit of suggesting limits to First Amendment rights.
Watch Your Favorite Musicians Perform 'The Hamilton Mixtape' Live. Because, at the stroke of midnight, you can finally listen to the whole thing \ud83d\ude4f
How To Write A Sex Scene. Garth Greenwell, Jade Sharma and Rebecca Schiff on tackling the taboo.
Two Feminists Are Turning The Degrading Things Politicians Say About Women Into Art. \It\u2019s blindingly clear that there is a war on women right now and that there always has been.\
Bob Dylan Didn't Attend Nobel Prize Meet-And-Greet Hosted By President Obama. The saga continues.
Lin-Manuel Miranda And The Rock Made A Musical Parody About Millennials. We guess you could say it's lit AF, fam?
George R. R. Martin Is Gonna Drink Some Tequila And Finally Finish His Next Damn Book. The author plans to spend the winter (and spring and summer and so on) in Westeros.
Painting Sold By Jewish Couple To Escape Nazis Is Returned To Grandchildren. The 16th century painting found its way home 78 years later.
Pussy Riot To Perform In 'Political Happening' During Art Basel Miami Beach. The exclusive event is invitation-only.
Artist Revisits Classical Paintings, Transforming Women From Eye Candy To Heroes. Angela Fraleigh is making the personal political through paint.
Public Library Reports Hate Crimes Against Muslims In Graffitied Books. \None of us can afford to pretend that we are not affected by the hatred that surrounds us now,\ librarian Lorena Neal wrote in response.
'Xenophobia' Is Dictionary.com's Word Of The Year. The word stems from \x\u00e9nos\ (\stranger\) and \ph\u00f3bo\ (\u201cfear\u201d or \u201cpanic\u201d).
Tonight We Could Have A New Chess Champion. When Magnus Carlsen walked into the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan nearly three weeks ago for the red-carpet opening of the world
A Woman Stands Up To Her Bully In Gripping New Novel. Kelly Luce\u2019s \Pull Me Under\ wrestles with rage, forgiveness, and the lives we construct for ourselves.
Amazon Deletes Pro-Trump Trolls\u2019 Nasty \u2018Reviews' Of Megyn Kelly\u2019s Book. Three-quarters of reviewers had rated the memoir with one star.
J.K. Rowling Sends Harry Potter Books To 7-Year-Old Fan In War-Torn Syria. The author turned on the magic after the girl's mom asked her how she could get a copy.
Dallas Is Where I Finally Get to See The Famous French \D\u00e9je\u00fbner sur L'herbe\ Painting By Monet. One could possibly think that the Dallas-Fort Worth appellation is just an indication of a big twin megapolis, when in fact, as I discovered Sunday, it's two very distinct cities, not even remotely touching, with a Grand Prairie in-between - grande prairie means large field in French.
Richard Ford & Colm T\u00f3ib\u00edn Conversation. The conversation between Colm T\u00f3ib\u00edn and Richard Ford was moderated by Synne Rifbjerg as part of the Louisiana Literature festival at the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Denmark, in August 2015.
Let These Brilliant Lady Puns Wash Away Your Post-Election Angst. ... and inspire you to make some radical art.
Disney\u2019s First Black Animator Is Finally Getting The Attention He Deserves. \u201cFloyd Norman
A Brief History Of America's Most Controversial Prefix. Dictionaries can tell you a lot about the thorny life of \alt.\
'Hamilton' Star Brandon Victor Dixon Says Cast Has 'Nothing To Apologize For'. \Conversation is not harassment.\
Pro-Trump Trolls Target Megyn Kelly\u2019s New Book On Amazon. A flood of one-star reviews focuses less on the book and more on Kelly's character.
Steven Van Zandt Says 'Hamilton' Actors Bullied Mike Pence. \You don\u2019t single out an audience member and embarrass him from the stage.\
On Jan Fabre, part 2. 
Hamilton Brouhaha. 
The Bottom Line. Time and again, Smith\u2019s narrator struggles to see how she can fit the two together.
'Hamilton' Cast's Message To Pence Is What Free Speech Looks Like. A respectful demonstration of solidarity happened on Broadway. Here's why it matters.
Bizarre Photos Capture The Unreality Of The 2016 Election Season. Mark Peterson's \Political Theater\ exposes the absurdity of campaign events.
Famous Authors Sign Letter Questioning Due Process For Campus Sexual Assault Cases. The statement has drawn an explosive response, with many arguing it shows little concern for alleged victims.
Wildly Relaxing Sand Art Is The Creative Therapy Our World Needs. Somewhere, out there, Julian Richardson is making nature his canvas.
Fairy-Tale Photos Cast Rescued Lab Animals As Heroes Of Their Own Stories. \We can reach a happy ending even through hard times.\
Terrance Hayes Gives Stirring Speech On Race And Poetry At National Book Awards. \It's such a futuristic idea. A world in which the descendants of slaves become poets.\
Donald Trump's 'Locker Room Talk' Got Him Nominated For Bad Sex In Fiction Award. If only it were fiction.
World's Earliest-Known Ten Commandments Stone Fetches $850,000 At Auction. The buyer must put the artifact on public display as part of the sales deal.
What Would Hermione Granger Do? She'd Fight Like Hell.. Be a Granger, not a Slughorn.
Oxford Dictionaries' Word Of The Year Perfectly Sums Up Life Right Now. \Post-truth\ explains the Brexit/Trump-ian world we live in.
40 'Rad Women Worldwide' Who Fought For Change In Extraordinary Ways. Behold
Latin American And Latinx Artists To Take Over Southern California Art Scene In 2017. A massive initiative will celebrate the influence of long-overlooked artists in California.
Artists Are Drawing The Faces Of Marginalized People In An Effort To Spread Love. Illustrator Tyler Feder started it all with a hashtag.
The Most Underrated Part Of 'You're The Worst' Is The Music. You have composer Adam Blau (and creator Stephen Falk) to thank for \New Phone Who Dis?\
Death Cab For Cutie To Fans. The indie band emphasizes the importance of \u201clove and mutual respect.\u201d
A Tribe Called Quest Releases A Perfect Meditation On The Sad State Of America. And you can stream it right here.
Hayao Miyazaki Is Coming Out Of Retirement To Make Another Film. We need another story from the animator who accepts darkness and nuance.
Heartbreaking (And Free) Poster Honors The Woman President We Could've Had. The expressive image is yours to take home, courtesy of The Jewish Museum in New York.
Poets And Performers Rap Their Way Through Your Favorite Classic Books. Rafael Casal and Daveed Diggs present \#Bars Medley Vol. 2.\
9 Comics For Any Bookworm Who Needs A Good Laugh Right About Now. Practice self-care. \ud83d\udcda
How Artists Survive. Bob Branaman, an artist friend I\u2019ve known since the very early 90\u2019s, lived in the neighborhood, visited Painterland often
Podcasts To Help You Make Sense Of America's Present And Future. In a post-election reality, we need to listen more than ever.
Yoko Ono Issues Rather Appropriate Response To Donald Trump's Win. Just give screams a chance.
Museumgoer Takes Selfie By 18th-Century Sculpture, Knocks Over 18th-Century Sculpture. Not again.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Freestyles About Life's Most Annoying Minor Inconveniences On 'Ellen'. Let LMM bring a smile to your face.
New Yorkers Dismayed At Election Results Can Seek Out 'Subway Therapy'. Hundreds have shared their feelings on Post-it notes.
An Eerie Series That Examines Whether We Ever Truly Die On The Internet. The new \LifeAfter\ podcast grapples with the future of our digital footprint.
Let Lin-Manuel Miranda's Words Be Every American's Response To 'You Moving To Canada?'. If he's not leaving, neither are we.
George R.R. Martin Says 'Winter Is Coming' After Donald Trump Win. \Over the next four years, our problems are going to get much, much worse,\ he writes.
Powerful Poem Reminds Us That Tonight, We Could Make History. Rather than bemoaning Trump, Eileen Myles praises Hillary Clinton\u2019s \female campaign.\
The Entirety Of Broadway Wants You To Get Out And Vote Today. \u201cIt\u2019s our time tonight to get loud.\
Put Your Election Day Mind At Ease With These Geeky Book Puns. More like \u201cThe Winning of Hill House,\u201d amirite?
Performance Artist Stalked Trump For A Year And Developed An Interesting Theory. Is Donald Trump a performance artist, too?
Not Even Merriam-Webster Knows What A 'Mazel Tov Cocktail' Is. But if you want to make one, Twitter suggests breaking out the Manischewitz.
Shepard Fairey's New Art Blatantly Condemns 'Demagogue' Donald Trump. But the artist says he doesn't find Hillary Clinton \inspiring enough\ to illustrate.
Joan Didion Has A New Book Coming Out Next Year. Obviously, It Sounds Great. The writer\u2019s journal tells the story of the sweltering South.
Sorry, 'Game Of Thrones' Fans. \The Winds of Winter\ will just have to wait.
George R. R. Martin Nails Why Donald Trump Is 'Unfit To Lead This Nation'. \You just need to listen to Trump. If you can do that, and still consider voting for him... well\u2026\
Women Artists Are Channeling The Magic Of The Feminine Occult. Do you believe in (feminist) magic?
Cubs' Win Brings Baseball And 'Hamilton' Together In Perfect Harmony. Don't be shocked when your history books mention them.
Mesmerizing Photos Of Twins Show Us What The Closest Bond Looks Like. In \u201cTwo of a Kind,\u201d doubles, couples and partners in crime abound.
Emma Watson Is Hiding Feminist Books On The Train. This is SO Hermione.
Here's Why Teaching Kids About Classical Music Is Worthwhile. These adorable drawings prove 7-year-olds have a lot to say about art.
TV's Horrifying Trend. Halloween isn't over. It's never over.
20 Years Later, Earth's Strangest Ecological Experiment Is Still Relevant. In the novel \u201cThe Terranauts,\u201d T.C. Boyle explores the legacy of Biosphere 2.
A Brief And Spooky History Of The Word 'Boo'. Halloween wouldn't be the same without it.
Bolshoi Brings A Wild Ballet, Once Banned By Stalinist Russia, Back To Life. The triumphant return of a lost Shostakovich score.
Author Salman Rushdie Slams Trump On Facebook. The author commented on the hypocrisy of Hillary Clinton's latest email scandal.
5 Tips For A Successful Boudoir Photoshoot -- And Why Every Woman Should Have One. \It's ok to be nervous.\
Rock-a-bye, Baby. 
The Madness Of A White Man's Revenge Is A Tale As Old As Time. Margaret Atwood\u2019s retelling of \u201cThe Tempest\ leans into the elements of theatricality and deception within the play.
This Is What American History Looks Like To Young Fans Of 'Hamilton'. Josh Lehrer's portraits of the original cast are a beautiful reminder of the musical's impact.
First Nighter. 
Picture Book Spells Out Exactly Why Voting This Year Is Essential. The ABCs of Donald Trump illustrate his \ghastly\ policies.
New Children's Book By Stephen King Will Haunt Your Waking Dreams. We're never taking Amtrak again.
32 Illustrators Who Nail What It's Like To Be A Woman Today. In honor of Inktober, these are the women and gender non-binary artists drawing our lives.
Sex-Positive Artist Marilyn Minter Celebrates Glam, Glitter And Gunk. In \Pretty/Dirty,\ Minter shows us the paradoxes of beauty.
Delightful Vintage Photos Of Women In Trees Are What You Need Right Now. Jochen Raiss has been collecting these quirky scenes for years.
Election-Themed Coloring Book Is About As Meditative As We're Gonna Get. Coloring may just be the only way to get that screaming Trump voice in your brain to shut the hell up.
The \u2018Bachelor\u2019 Franchise Needs To Stop Giving Chad A Platform For His BS. He's been verbally abusive to contestants. He tried to dox this reporter on Twitter. Will he ever be excommunicated?
Ice Cube Is Co-Writing, Starring In A Genre-Crossing 'Oliver Twist' Musical. \Hamilton\ director Thomas Kail is behind the project.
Paul Beatty Becomes First American To Win Man Booker Prize For Fiction. The chair of the judging panel said his novel \u201cThe Sellout\u201d was a unanimous choice.
Disturbing Photos Sum Up The Horror That Has Been Trump's Campaign. Let photographer Jean Malek show you.
These Shiny Legs Are Creating Hysteria On The Internet. Are they even real?
New York Public Library's 'Human Google' Is Here To Answer Your Burning Questions. It sounds like a quirky art project, but it's just what librarians have done for generations.
Dreamlike Photos Capture The 'Vanishing Landscape' Of Black Life In America. Shawn Theodore wants you to see his work as an \exploration of the psychic, physical and technological translocation of black America.\
This Roald Dahl Clothing Line Is A Childhood Dream Come True. If only they made these in adult sizes.
Meet Shakespeare\u2019s Official Co-Author. Christopher Marlowe has been cited as the Bard\u2019s collaborator in a new edition of \Henry VI.\
Toxic Chemicals From A Nuke Site Ate Through These Haunting Photos. Photographer Julian Charri\u00e8re wanted the threat of destruction to feel real in his portraits of testing fields.
You, Too, Can Learn Proper Napkin Etiquette At The Plaza's Finishing School. The Plaza's program covers everything from dining to wedding etiquette.
100 Commonly Misspelled Words That Would Make Any Language Nerd Shutter. Don't email us if you're missing the joke.
Peek Inside Elena Ferrante\u2019s Chilling Children\u2019s Book. Illustrator Mara Cerri talks about her illustrations, and the author\u2019s playful balance of dark and light.
From Russia (To Paris) With Love!. 
Your Favorite Disney Fairy Tales Are Being Retold Through Classic Paintings. A Los Angeles art museum and Disney are teaming up to make your Snapchat live happily ever after.
Kurt Vonnegut Once Said Nobel Laureate Bob Dylan Was 'Worst Poet Alive'. Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.
Photos Show How Different Prisons And Jails Look Around The World. From Uganda to Colombia, France and the U.S., prisons look very different across the globe.
How The Dictionary Became The Hilarious Election Watchdog We Needed. Who is the evil genius behind Merriam-Webster's \ud83d\udd25 tweets?
Step Inside The Technicolor Dream World Of Brazilian Love Motels. Like American diners, they're quaint, ubiquitous and slowly disappearing.
Le Tigre Reunites In Full Pantsuit Glory To Deliver A Pro-Hillary Anthem. They're with her, if you couldn't tell.
Should We Value Friend Love More Than Romantic Love?. Marcy Dermansky\u2019s \u201cThe Red Car\u201d takes on rocky affairs and intergenerational friendships.
A Palestinian Woman Spent 20 Straight Months In Her Room Creating Art. Nidaa Badwan's photo series \100 Days of Solitude\ chronicles her time in self-imposed quarantine during the Israel-Gaza conflict.
5,000 Jack-O'-Lanterns Stun In Haunting Halloween Display. Elaborate pumpkins will be on display around the country.
Paintings Of Feminist Protestors Celebrate The Women Who Bare It All To Fight Back. May Nadine Faraj's watercolors give you life in this month of garbage news.
Donald Trump Sucks At Pottery, Excels At Creeping Out Women In Throwback Commercial. An old internet company's commercial shows Trump hasn't changed a bit.
TV\u2019s Coolest Mom Talks About Her Empowering Role. Andrea Navedo, who plays Xiomara Villanueva on \u201cJane the Virgin,\u201d tells us what to expect next season.
8 Iconic Photos Of Bob Dylan, Newly Anointed Nobel Laureate. This is what the voice of a generation looks like.
Are These The 10 Most Influential Poets In History, Or Nah?. We have questions.
'Why I Want To F**k Donald Trump' Reflects The Very Real Anger Surrounding This Election. America is angry, and so are artists.
In A Time Of Demagogy, Author Sees True Humanity In Immigrants. In a short story debut, Vanessa Hua draws the reader in with her power of perception.
Dear Internet, It's Time To #SavePepe. The former stoner frog is the latest individual to wise up and leave Trump's self-destructing campaign.
2016 Nobel Prize In Literature Awarded To Bob Dylan. STOCKHOLM, Oct 13 (Reuters) - Bob Dylan, regarded as the voice of a generation for his influential songs from the 1960s onwards
That Time 'The Hitchhiker\u2019s Guide To The Galaxy' Hilariously Skewered Democratic Elections. \u201cWhy don\u2019t the people get rid of the lizards?\u201d
Why Do American Voters Need Their Candidates To Seem \u2018Cool\u2019?. Hillary actually does her homework. What a nerd!
Dr. Seuss Was Into Taxidermy, In The Most Seussical Possible Way. For those who've never seen a The Two-Horned Drouberhannis or a Goo-Goo-Eyed Tasmanian Wolghast in the flesh.
New Death Cab For Cutie Video Delivers Trump A Gentle, Emo Burn. \u201cNobody makes it on their own, without a million dollar loan ... \
Artist Simulates What It's Like To Have A Shared-Death Experience. Since the 1800s, people have described experiencing the deaths of others.
Portia Munson Talks Color And Empowerment At Frieze. Everyone wants to know the artist behind the pink table.
Teenage Bedrooms Remind Us Of The Life-Changing Magic Of Making A Mess. There\u2019s expressive beauty buried under all that clutter.
How The Turnip Prize Grew From A Joke Into A Global Contest. Only artists putting in zero effort should enter.
Stunning 'Soundsuits' Address The Realities Of Racial Profiling In America. \u201cThe soundsuits hide gender, race, class and they force you to look at the work without judgment.\u201d
Calligrapher's Instagram Videos Are Drawing Acclaim. She has a great eye and a steady hand.
The National Poetry Day Hashtag Is Getting A Little Off-Topic. If you hate Hillary Clinton, and love poems that start with \Roses are red,\ this hashtag is the place for you.
Brooklyn Gallery Conned Into Hosting Pro-Donald Trump Art Show With Martin Shkreli. The show will include the \Twinks4Trump\ photo series and \art\ by Milo Yiannopoulos.
A Dark Comedy Podcast Indulges Your Weird Obsession With Murder. There's danger out there, ladies, but \My Favorite Murder\ finds the humor in it.
'The Girl on the Train' Is Gripping, Even If You Know The Plot Twist. \u201cThe Girl on the Train\u201d readers already know what happens in the story. How did the movie manage to keep them hooked?
An Old Spanish Prison Is Now A Gorgeous Makeshift Art Museum. Artists explore notions of violence, isolation and resistance in this decommissioned female prison.
How Comics Can Help Us Understand The Refugee Crisis. Sarah Glidden\u2019s \u201cRolling Blackouts\u201d makes a deeply complex issue accessible.
Dozens Of Artists Filled A Detroit Neighborhood With Larger-Than-Life Murals. The street art festival is in its second year, and already running out of wall space.
Lorna Simpson Creates Haunting Meditations On The State Of Blackness In America. Her work echoes the experience of encountering current events in print.
One Poster Captures Just How Remarkable A Hillary Clinton Presidency Would Be. \I wanted to convey that this moment ... is larger than ourselves and even larger than Hillary,\ artist Drue Kataoka explains.
Artist Races Against Time To Paint Mural On Melting Arctic Iceberg. A massive but necessary risk to communicate the dire condition of planet Earth.
Painting Valued At $26 Turns Out To Be A Raphael Masterpiece Worth $26 Million. The Madonna was spotted during the making of a BBC TV series.
Christopher Walken's Floating Heads Currently Haunting A Queens Park. But don't worry, it's art!
Filmmaker\u2019s Shadowy Doodles Draw Inspiration From The Mundane. There's beauty in the simplicity of Vincent Bal's illustrations.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, The Internet Icon, May Be Coming To A Museum Near You. An \experiential\ exhibit celebrating the life and times of the 83-year-old justice is set to open in Los Angeles.
Male Writer Outs Female Writer Who Wanted Anonymity. Elena Ferrante\u2019s obfuscated identity was part of her art. Naturally, we had to go and ruin it.
Dream-Like Novel Lays Bare The Emotional Fall-Out Of Child Abuse. Eimear McBride's \The Lesser Bohemians\ has been billed as a love story, but it's so much more.
BB9. 
Hats, Apples, Umbrellas, A Pipe That Is Not A Pipe. 
Curious George Is Celebrating A Birthday, And You Won't Believe How Old He Is. HBD, little one!
This Massive Painting Is Best Viewed From The Eiffel Tower. The first-ever mural located beneath the Parisian landmark urges humanity to wake up.
In Inge Morath's Photographs, Womanhood Is Beautiful And Urgent. One of the first celebrated female photojournalists knows your life.
Police Recover 2 Van Gogh Paintings Stolen In 2002. The paintings appeared largely undamaged.
Portraits Of Post-Apartheid South Africa Try To Shed Light On Inequality. White photographer Alice Mann is attempting to explore race and identity politics in Cape Town.
Snoop Dogg Painted A Masterpiece Just For Martha Stewart. Nothing says BFF like a handmade gift.
Humanizing Portraits Give Detained Immigrants The Dignity They Deserve. With the presidential election on the horizon, former detainee and artist Jos\u00e9 Alvarez\u2019s work is as relevant as ever.
The Profound Reason We Should All Read Internationally, Not Locally. Indonesian author Eka Kurniawan believes the Berlin Wall is a perfect reminder to open our minds to foreign literature.
Melissa Joan Hart Explains It All About Being A '90s Queen. Ahead of the 20th anniversary of \Sabrina,\ the actress talked to HuffPost about motherhood and her favorite looks from the show.
Don\u2019t Forget. Merriam-Webster is keeping track of trending words during tonight\u2019s debate. \Trumpery,\ or \empty talk,\ is one of them.
How Much Would You Pay for Andy Warhol\u2019s Panties?. The undergarments are now valued at six figures.
Ladies And Gentlemen, Our Language Is Too Gendered. Hey guys, can't we just call one another \people\?
Dina Brodsky. \They are both a diary and a rumination on the infinite variety of nature.\
Video Artist Mary Reid Kelley On Why The Urge To Apply Makeup Is Fundamentally Human. We caught up with the new MacArthur Fellow.
New York Public Library's Fancy New 'Book Train' Looks Pretty Magical. SO impressive.
Just Try To Look Away From This Absurdly Flat Mouse Found In A 17th-Century Book. What a cute li'l mummy.
Maybe It's Time To Retire The Word 'Genius'. Upon the announcement of the 2016 MacArthur Fellows, let's examine the language we use to celebrate their brilliance.
A Modern-Day Fairy Tale That Works To Make Sense Of War. \Little Nothing\ by Marisa Silver is a fantastical book about war-torn Eastern Europe, and the stories we tell ourselves when our lives are in pieces.
Theaster Gates Wants to Turn Former Chicago Police Station Into Art Center. The artist proposed to reopen the space for artisans working with ceramics, metalwork, and glass.
Macy Gray Says She Used To Be Ashamed Of Her Unique Voice. \u201cKids used to make fun of my voice,\u201d the singer told HuffPost. Her new jazz album, \u201cStripped,\u201d is out now.
Only Lin-Manuel Miranda Could Turn Trump's Tweets Into Something We Want To Pay Attention To. Brace yourself for \Trump
Powerful Drawings Show What It Feels Like To Be Lost In A Book. Korean artist Jungho Lee reminds us that reading a book is the best adventure.
These Are The Faces Of European Regions Facing Depopulation Today. Documentary photographer Anastasia Taylor-Lind drove from London to the country of Georgia, capturing stories along the way.
Awe-Inspiring Images Pay Tribute To Canada's Radical Black Feminists. \I wanted to turn the few sentences that were written about these women from history books and online into a huge, colorful punch in the face.\
Grammar-Fixing App Is The Ultimate Mic Drop For Pedants. Now you can scratch out \u201cyour\u201d in a bitter text from a Tinder match who\u2019d been unsuccessfully angling for a booty call.
Meet This Year's Getty Images Instagram Grant Winners. The three winners hail from Ethiopia, India and Uruguay.
The Harmonic Sorcery of Jerry Bergonzi:Spotlight on Standards. 
Edward Albee, Pulitzer-Winning Playwright, Dead At 88. The acclaimed playwright was known for \Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?\ and \A Delicate Balance.\
Buy F. Scott Fitzgerald's Old Home And Make It Your Side Of Paradise. What are you waiting for, old sport?
You Can Now Take A Dump In A Solid-Gold Toilet And Call It Art. Let's talk about that toilet and what it means as \art.\
The Stripped-Down History Of Underwear, From Whalebone Girdles To Spanx. An art exhibition offers a brief look at skivvies past and present.
This Woman Climbed The Highest Mountains On Every Continent For A Powerful Reason. A short film, shot entirely on an iPhone, recounts how Wasfia Nazreen became the first Bangladeshi to climb the seven summits.
'Occupation. If its exploration of grief feels uncomfortable, deal with it.
While You Were Out Living Your Life, 'Mom' Became A Compliment On The Internet. (Yep, we're still talking about this.)
America's Election Cycle Is So Scary That Haunted Houses Are Getting Political. This Halloween, the hottest seasonal attraction will be a house of political horrors.
Squee! A Dictionary Editor Defended The Use Of Internet Slang. \Squee\ and other fandom-isms were added to the dictionary this year. Here\u2019s where they come from, and why they matter.
'12 Years A Slave' Actress Storm Reid Is Your New Sci-Fi Queen. The 13-year-old actress is set to star in Ava DuVernay's upcoming Disney adaptation of \A Wrinkle in Time.\
Roald Dahl's True Genius Was As An Audiobook Reader. You haven't really experienced \Charlie and the Chocolate Factory\ until you've heard Dahl read it himself.
When White Feminists Get 'Honest,' They Also Need Empathy. Jennifer Weiner\u2019s reaction to Oprah\u2019s Book Club announcement wasn\u2019t good for her or the movement.
Ladies, Yoko Ono Wants You To Participate In Her Next Artwork. This is not a drill.
Man Behind Discovery Channel Believes The Future Of Documentary Is Virtual. Get your goggles ready.
Time-Lapse Photos Show How The Twin Towers Defined New York City. Camilo Jos\u00e9 Vergara's photographs, spanning 46 years, are on display this fall for the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks.
Life Lessons Learned While Bringing Art To Hospital Patients. I feel much better prepared for the process of aging and death.
On Reality TV, Women Should Just Feel Grateful To Be Loved. A loyal and loving man is a hero. For a woman? That\u2019s just meeting expectations.
Doug Aitken Takes His Art To The Pacific Ocean With Underwater Sculptures. Artist Doug Aitken aims to call attention to the marine environment partly as a call for better conservation.
New Pottermore Story Reveals The Original Slytherin Antihero. Before Snape, there was another Potions master.
Make These Absurdist Stories About Modern Dating Your Next Book Club Pick. Alexandra Kleeman\u2019s new book, \Intimations,\ is full of spare, funny stories.
Dreamy Photos Of Women Reading Celebrate The Incredible Legacy Of Female Authors. Carrie Schneider's portraits will inspire you to cuddle up with a book -- written by a woman.
Striking Portraits Show Refugees With Their Most Prized Possessions. Gabriel Hill didn\u2019t want to dramatize refugee stories; he wanted viewers to relate to their struggles.
A Dead Cat's Wedding Reveals How Humans Dealt With Death A Century Ago. Nineteenth-century humans stared death directly in the face.
London Replica Goes Up In Flames On Great Fire's 350th Anniversary. American artist David Best designed the wooden structure, which is no more.
Summer School. Mozart has yielded some incredible insights about the human condition
A 'Moulin Rouge!' Musical Is Headed To The Stage, Because It Can-Can. Come what may, \Moulin Rouge\ fans will wait in line for tickets until their dying days.
One Artist Is Encouraging Strangers To Share Their Information Offline. Inspired by espionage practices, Aram Bartholl wants to create a global sharing network offline.
Getting Your S**t Together, With An Audience. Two podcasts, \Bad with Money\ and \Complete Me,\ make personal tasks public.
Phew, Those Famous White Streaks On 'The Scream' Are Not Bird Poop. Thanks to some scientists at the University of Antwerp in Belgium, we now know the truth. \ud83d\ude31
The Wild, Too-Real Dating Show That Came Before 'The Bachelor'. \u201cElimidate\u201d contestants weren\u2019t looking to get hitched \u2014 and that\u2019s part of its weird charm.
It\u2019s 2016, And Even The Dictionary Is Full Of Sexist Disses. Google\u2019s dictionary results yield anti-woman example sentences, including \nagging\ wives and \conniving\ women.
Authors Are Rallying To Preserve Langston Hughes\u2019 Harlem Home. I, Too, Arts Collective aims to raise funds to foster budding young writers.
This 19,000 Square-Foot Flower Carpet Is The Ultimate Gesture Of Friendship. And you thought Drake's billboard for Rihanna was impressive?
Balloon Athletes Star In Olympically Awesome Animation. It's a medal-worthy performance.
Savannah College of Art and Design's Brilliantly \Built\ Museum Exhibition. 
One Man\u2019s Quest To Document The Highways That Tore His City Apart. Highways changed America forever, but they left a trail of flattened homes and fractured neighborhoods.
Montreal's OSM Concludes Couche-Tard Vir\u00e9e Classique with Record Attendance. 
South Asian Gods Take Selfies, Look Absolutely Divine In Witty Series. The gods are all #sorrynotsorry.
Terrifying 'Dinild Trimp' Art Makes Us Long For The Days Of Naked Trump Statues. If you'd like to get a good night's sleep tonight, go ahead and skip this one.
Den\u00e9e Benton, AKA Ruby On 'UnREAL,' Is Headed To Broadway. Benton\u2019s casting as a 19th-century Russian aristocrat is a hopeful sign that diverse Broadway casts won't end with \u201cHamilton.\u201d
Some Really Talented People Hung Out Last Night And You Were Not Invited. The Final Five saw \Hamilton\ last night, and somehow the world is still spinning.
This Artist Created A Show Just For Dogs, And They Loved It. \Tails were wagging like crazy.\
How An Ordinary Ballpoint Pen Became Art's Most Democratic Medium. Here's why you should consider picking up a pen and making some art.
Hulu's 'The Handmaid's Tale' Adds Joseph Fiennes, Will Be B-A-N-A-N-A-S. Fiennes joins Elisabeth Moss in our dream cast of our dream adaptation of our favorite feminist dystopia.
Amber Tamblyn Doesn't Agree With Body Shaming Donald Trump. What do you think?
5 Dating Lessons Learned From The Ever-Quotable Dorothy Parker. Thousands of lasses learned from Parker's wise sasses.
\The Innocents\. It is December of 1945 and the fields are draped white with snow, the roads mushy and the air a damp cold. We are in Poland
'Game Of Thrones' Actress Natalie Dormer Joins Celebrity Call To Help Refugees. Stars gathered at the U.N. headquarters in honor of World Humanitarian Day.
A Feminist Art Show Wants You To Eat It Or Beat It. That\u2019s right, a whole art show dedicated to the art of going down.
Rihanna Visited Her Boobs, And, For Just A Moment, The World Was OK. Even without a head and neck, she looks like a f**king rockstar.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Would Like To Think Ivanka Trump Secretly Opposes Her Father's Ideals. \I just imagine that she doesn\u2019t really believe her father is the right choice for the U.S.\
Photos Of America's Quirkiest Conventions Will Bring Out Your Inner Freak. Bronys, ventriloquists, Abraham Lincoln impersonators... The gangs ALL here.
Brazilian Artists Pay Tribute To Olympic Refugee Team In Stunning Murals. \They are the true winners,\ graffiti artist Rodrigo Sini says.
These Artists Are Living Out Their Dreams In A Handmade Floating House. They take off-the-grid living to a whimsical new level.
Breathtaking Videos Show A Different Picture Of Life In Rio's Favelas. See more than 3,000 images of  Rio de Janeiro, like you've never seen before.
J.K. Rowling Has More To Share About The Wizarding World In 'Pottermore Presents'. Something wicked(ly awesome) this way comes.
Why Women In Theater Need Festivals Like FringeNYC. \The Box Show\ and five more women-led Fringe shows to catch before it's too late.
Vibrant Self-Portraits Question The 'Feminine' Ideals All Women Face. Allison Morris challenges the beauty rituals women have every right to partake in, but often feel pressured to use as a means of achieving perfection.
Marina Abramovi\u0107 Shockingly Compares Aborigines To Dinosaurs In Upcoming Memoir. People are now tweeting #theracistispresent.
No, Your Eyeballs Aren't Broken -- There's A Portrait On That Grassy Hilltop. Artist Guillaume Legros hopes viewers leave his work having experienced \u201ca touch of humility.\u201d
'Hope' Artist Shepard Fairey Explains Why He's Voting For Hillary Clinton. If he were to make a \Hope\-style portrait of Trump, it'd involve one word
On This Day, You Can Watch Drunk Lin-Manuel Miranda Explain The Plot Of 'Hamilton'. Here's hoping he's taking shots out the Grammy to get there.
Lyric Southern Gothic From Photographer Sally Mann. Mann finds herself longing for home when she is sent away to school in Vermont
David Leffel At The Frederick Weisman Museum Of Art. Leffel\u2019s paintings have, for more than five decades, maintained a conversation with Rembrandt.
Simone Biles Is A Superhero In This Perfect Olympic Tribute Art. Because \strength of character is the ultimate superpower.\
The Plot Of Every Original 'Baby-Sitters Club' Book, Based On The Covers. A picture is worth a hundred pages of storytelling, at least.
10 Women Photographers Who Are Changing The Way We See The World. \u201cWomen have been fundamental to the art of photography since, well, there were photographs.\
The Faberg\u00e9 egg of Green Design. 
This Hallucinatory 1970s Sculpture Garden Brings The Tarot Deck To Life. All hail Niki de Saint Phalle, feminist artist and a true goddess.
These Are The Scars Of People Who Have Narrowly Escaped Death. Emily Goddard's \When Death Leaves His Mark\ celebrates body diversity and shatters stigma.
Incredibly Detailed Time-Lapse Video Shows The Frenzy Of Everyday Life In Rio. Wanna go to Rio?
This Poet Says What Every Person With Multicultural Heritage Needs To Hear. Omar Musa's new video combines Malaysian, Tongan and Punjabi traditions in one tribute to \in-betweener\ culture.
This Powerful Artwork Will Move You To Make A Difference. These pieces tackle some of today's most serious political and social justice issues.
British Library To Celebrate Harry Potter\u2019s 20th Anniversary With New Exhibition. Get ready.
Cynthia Erivo Just Slayed A Beyonc\u00e9 Song For #Ham4Ham. Cynthia is Bey.
Artist Transforms Vintage Flower Photos Into Your New Best Friends. Hey there, little buddies!
Book Review. The title of the book \u2014 Things That Can and Cannot be Said \u2014 demands an imperative. It is as if Arundhati Roy and John Cusack
Traveling Portrait Gallery Will Capture The Faces Of Navajo Nation. Out of many (photos), one (incredible mobile art exhibit).
For 50 Years, This Feminist Ceramicist Has Told Stories With Clay. \What a fortunate calling it is to have this lifelong affair with clay!\u201d
Powerful Spoken Word Performance Commemorates The Tragic Deaths Of Black Men. Carrie Mae Weems examines escalating racial tensions two years after Michael Brown's death.
Street Artist's Epic Ode To The Olympics Might Break World Record For Largest Mural. The stunning piece, called \Ethnicities,\ portrays five individuals from the five continents represented in the Olympic rings.
These 50 Images Capture The Rare Beauty Of Rio's Street Art Scene. Behold
Chaka Khan Returns to an adoring Atlanta Audience at the Cobb Performing Arts Center. 
How Does A 20-Something Virgin Go About 'Losing' Her V-Card?. It's not easy being sexually inexperienced in Emma Rathbone's 'Losing It.'
A Definitive Ranking Of Every 'Bailey School Kids' Book Ever Written. Yes, we're talking about THAT '90s book series about vampires, werewolves and mermaids.
Boys Damage Norway\u2019s Most Famous Stone-Age Artwork Trying to Make It Easier to See. \ud83d\ude2c   \ud83d\ude2c   \ud83d\ude2c   \ud83d\ude2c   \ud83d\ude2c
Photographer Chronicles The New African Diaspora In Vibrant Portraits. She's dubbed her subjects \Third Culture Kids.\
The Feminist Comic Series For Fans Of 'Stranger Things'. Sate your yearnings for more '80s nostalgia, old-style bikes and otherworldly mysteries with \Paper Girls.\
Artist's Website Invites Privileged Individuals To Make 'Reparations' To People Of Color. There is something you can do.
Documenting The Last Tattoo-Faced Women Of The Lai Tu Chin Tribe. Photographer Dylan Goldby chronicled the final generation of women whose faces are works of art.
7 Sci-Fi Writers Predict The Future Of The Olympics. How the games will evolve (or devolve) alongside humanity.
J.K. Rowling Says Harry Potter's Story Is Done With The Release Of 'Cursed Child'. \u201cThis is the next generation, you know.\u201d
Oakland Artists Take On Gentrification As Tech Boom Threatens Their City. An installation at the Oakland Museum of California looks at the changes through residents\u2019 eyes.
Why White Actors Should Not Be Cast In Latinx Roles -- On Broadway Or Off. A Chicago theater received criticism after announcing that a white actor would play the lead role in a production of Lin Manuel-Miranda's \In The Heights.\
Three Female Cartoonists Open Up About Drawing Hillary Clinton. And sexism. Loads of sexism.
Now You Can Protest Donald Trump\u2019s Wealth In This Luxury Art Hut. Orange you glad you can now live inside a life-size replica of the Donald's hair?
Artist Imagines A Future In Which Pets Date, Have Sex, Fall In Love. What really happens in the secret life of a pet?
Thanks To Joe Biden's Speech, Searches For 'Malarkey' Are Up 17,400 Percent. The speech that launched (much more than) a thousand searches.
Artist Imagines A Healthcare System That Doesn't Fail Women Of Color. Simone Leigh's \The Waiting Room\ offers an alternative model of care based on black women's strategies for survival.
The Problem With Standardized Tests Is Exposed In Playful New Book. HuffPost Culture's book of the week is Alejandro Zambra\u2019s \Multiple Choice.\
The Ultimate Poster Art For Every Person Who Binge-Watched 'Stranger Things'. Meet Kyle Lambert, the artist who created the show's official Netflix poster.
Artist Photographs Diverse American 'Neighbors' Around The Country. We need this series now more than ever.
In Solitary Confinement For A Crime He Didn't Commit, Herman Wallace Built His Dream House. \u201cWhat kind of house does a man who lives in a 6-foot-by-9-foot cell for 30 years dream of?\u201d
Is Your Hoarding Habit A Work Of Art?. \u201cThe Keeper\u201d at the New Museum posits that collecting is much more than a compulsion.
10 Political Figures Who Resemble Famous Artworks. If you squint a little...
What Every Great Breakup Anthem Has In Common. \Emotional Rescue\ author Ben Greenman on pop music, missed connections and how technology has changed song writing.
Brexit Voter Accused Of Destroying Niqab Sculpture In Drunken Museum Rampage. The artwork, titled \Walk a Mile in Her Veil,\ was smashed to the ground while on display at London's Royal College of Art.
50 Years After His Death, Architect\u2019s Buildings Are Still Shaping History. Seventeen projects designed by Le Corbusier have been added to the UNESCO World Heritage List.
\Super Petite\ From the Ever Expanding John Hollenbeck's Claudia Quintet. 
Flowers Get A Geometric Makeover In Mind-Bending Photos. Does a flower by any other shape still look as sweet?
Book Lover Turns Boring Steps Into A Stairway To Literary Heaven. Book Pinterest really can change lives.
Inspired By Scandinavian Folklore, Artists Disguise Senior Citizens In Wearable Sculptures Made From Nature. \Acknowledging that we are not separated from our surroundings can be a way to make the most out of the world around us!\
Artist\u2019s Alluring Travel Photos Will Teach You To Look Beyond Touristy Landmarks. Alex Shaw wants you to see the people and industries that shape famous spots.
Now You Can Watch Bob Ross And Paint On Him, Too. As Ross would say, \u201cYou too can paint almighty pictures.\u201d
Why Poetry Is The Best Medium For Kids Who Want To Change The World. \Hamilton\ star Daveed Diggs and poet Danez Smith explain why Brave New Voices is the perfect platform for kids whose voices need to be heard.
Meet The Octogenarian Artist Who's Been Creating Erotic Art For 50 Years. Born in the Middle East, pioneering artist Huguette Caland has been creating nude works since the 1960s.
Rare Rossini and Hot Jazz at Caramoor. 
Artists Hope One Enormous Quilt Can Uproot Rape Culture In America. \u201cWe\u2019re making a problem our society works hard to keep invisible visible.\
Gay Talese Promotes New Book He Promised Not To Promote On 'Late Night'. Anyone starting to get dizzy?
Artists Around The World Respond To Devastating Attack On Nice. When words fail, art gives us space to grieve.
Time-Lapse Videos Of A Hyperrealist Master Will Make You Lose Your Damn Mind. Emmy Kalia has skills. And she wants to walk you through each and every one of them.
Misty Copeland To Join Disney's Live-Action 'Nutcracker' Movie. Stay calm! STAY CALM!
Watch Misty Copeland Dance To The Heavenly Sounds Of Cynthia Erivo's Voice. \u2728 This is a dream collaboration if we ever saw one. \u2728
Here\u2019s What Happened When We Played Pok\u00e9mon Go At MoMA. The wildly popular video game gets a new look in a museum.
Saddam Hussein's Novella Is Coming To Bookstores Near You, Maybe. For fans of dic-lit, this will be a must-read.
Why This Author Thinks \u2018The Bachelor\u2019 Is Ruining Your Relationships. It may be necessary to change our unreal view of love.
Don't Play Pok\u00e9mon Go At The Holocaust Museum, OK?. The museum houses three Pok\u00e9stops, and is not happy about it.
'Sing Her Name' Concert Uses Classical Music To Pay Tribute To Black Lives. The performance, set to take place on the year anniversary of Sandra Bland's death, is as important now as ever.
Queer Photographer Revisits Traumatic High School Sports Tryouts In Stunning Series. \I was petrified to remove my shirt in the locker room,\ Ryan Caruthers explained.
'Rice-Ko' Is What Happens When Artists Recreate Rothko Paintings Using Rice. And it's all a delicious homage to a 1950s art scandal.
Deborah Kass Creates Warhol-Style Anti-Trump Art For Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton wins the Brooklyn artist's endorsement.
See The Painstaking Process Behind Sculpting This Spellbinding Scarecrow. Behind-the-scenes video shows how Jim McKenzie developed his eerie piece of art.
Thousands Of Naked Blue People Flood City Streets For Dramatic Photoshoot. The project, \Sea of Hull,\ is the latest work by photographer Spencer Tunick.
Author Of \u2018The 100\u2019 Series On The Centuries-Long History Of Dystopias. Kass Morgan writes about teens in a space colony, but her apocalyptic plot is part of a long, rich tradition.
Following Sniper Attacks, Images Of Love Profess Support For Dallas. Here is just a small sample of the art circulating online.
Welp, There Is Now A Tinder App For Art. Because even your creative preferences are a matter of left or right, hot or not.
Haunting Portraits Show Hunters At The Spots They Killed Their Trophies. \My approach was not to take a pro- or anti-hunting/trophy position,\ photographer Pierre Abensur explained.
Artist Creates An Imaginary History Of Queerness From Found Photos. Kris Sanford creates a dazzling queer history that both does and does not exist.
This Portuguese Street Art Will Take You On A Trippy Journey. Can't. Look. Away.
The Unsolved Mystery Of A Missing Girl, Told In Touching Photos. Suzanne Gloria Lyall has been missing since 1998. Photographer Virginie Rebetez decided to tell her story.
On The Future of Wagnerism, Part 8. 
On The Future of Wagnerism, Part 9. 
On the \A\ w/Souleo. 
Thoughts on 54 Below, 'Blood Brothers' and Cabaret. 
Ballet Zaida Debuts Video Project. 
Christo and Jeanne-Claude. 
An Avant-garde Artist for Avant-garde Minds. 
Interview With Jeff Koons. American artist Jeff Koons (York, Pennsylvania, 1955) can be considered one of the most influential artists of his generation. As a representative of the Post-Pop artistic trend, his work also feeds off movements such as Surrealism and Dadaism, as well as classical and Baroque elements as part of an interconnection of time with art history as a whole.
Gay Talese Says His New Book Isn't Credible, Then Defends It. Is this the new new new journalism?
How A Filipino Designer Helped Bring A Story Of Liberian Women To Life. As \Eclipsed\ prepares for a transfer to San Francisco, scenic and costume designer Clint Ramos reflects on the importance of visual storytelling.
New York Times Commissions Literary Short Fiction Based On The Election. If Virginia Woolf wrote about Melania Trump ...
In New Comic Book, A Badass Lady-Wolf Fights Off Horror Stereotypes. It\u2019s \u201cThe Exorcist\u201d meets \u201cTeen Wolf.\u201d
A New Novel About Teenage Rebellion Is Summer\u2019s Fieriest Read. Jesse Ball\u2019s \How To Set A Fire And Why\ follows a troubled young girl to detention and a secret arson club.
'The Greatest Love Story Never Told' Comes To The New York Stage. Matt Bogart shows a different side of James Joyce in \Himself and Nora.\
Breaking News. Despite what you might have read on Twitter, McCarthy is alive and well.
J.K. Rowling Gives Her North American School A Backstory And A Sorting Quiz. The Ilvermorny houses -- Thunderbird, Wampus, Serpent and Pukwudgie -- are taken from a mashup of North American indigenous folklore.
The Bottom Line. Yasmine El Rashidi's debut novel illuminates the experience of coming of age amidst revolution -- and asks us to question what revolution even means.
Meet Mano A Mano, Cuba's First And Only Gay Male Chorus. Undoing years of machismo culture, one song at a time.
Gripping Photos Capture A Young Roma Generation On The Outskirts. Members of the oldest minority group in Spain still suffer from social stigma and exclusion.
Bloody Mural Depicting Refugees' Plight Upsets Berliners. Mothers around the neighborhood have expressed concern that the mural is upsetting for younger children.
Remove barriers that you place in the path to success. 
Inmates Running the Asylum. If you can picture inmates not just temporarily running an asylum but enacting a politically inflammatory play within its
Bradford J. Salamon. Tell me about one of the paintings in your show. \u00a0 The largest painting in the show is called \u201cTriple Twinka.\ \u00a0 Twinka Thiebaud
Art-House Summer Films Not to be Missed. 
Here Are Real-Life Ballerinas Enjoying The Beauty Of Degas' Iconic Works. Edgar Degas' legendary paintings of dancers enjoyed some company this week.
Artist Terence Koh Chants Names Of Orlando Victims Into Outer Space. \By chanting the names, they became living presences again.\
How A Romance Skeptic Fell Head Over Heels For The Genre. The spirited characters and sublime setting of \Outlander\ won me over.
Jenny Holzer Takes Over Ibiza As Art Helps Revive The Island's Glorious Past. Ibiza isn't all club kids and sun-kissed beaches.
An Art Project Over 40 Years In The Making Lets People Walk On Water. For Christo and Jeanne-Claude, art and magic are interchangeable.
The Perfect Illustrations For All You Foodies Currently Daydreaming About Eating. Lisa Hanawalt, the production designer behind \Bojack Horseman,\ welcomes your inner freak to the dinner table.
Broadway Superstars Sing Stirring Tribute To Orlando Shooting Victims. \What the world needs now, is love sweet love.\
Diagnosed With Rare Terminal Cancer, Artist Finds Acceptance Through Art. Through soft self-portraits, Kaylin Andres tells her story.
'Monopoly. \u201cI can tell you this
Ethereal Photographs Capture The World Of Snails. \u201cGood photography does not have to be perfect in technical terms, but it must have soul.\u201d
Watch Artist Recreate Iconic Van Gogh Paintings On Water. Garip Ay then just swirls his mesmerizing artwork away.
J.K. Rowling Sends Flowers To Funeral Of Orlando Shooting Victim. \You will never be forgotten.\
Must-Haves For Photographers This Summer. 
Peter Beard. 
Bo Bartlett. This personal interest in bridging gaps\u2014of being an intermediary\u2014is the main motivation behind Bartlett\u2019s recent Lacunae
An Overflow Of Artwork At Street Art Fair LA. 
Sue Paterson and 'Bursting Into Life' at Hollywood's Montalban Theatre. Born in New Zealand and now living in Australia, painter and interior designer, Sue Paterson, has made her way to America, with her bright, naturalistic new art series in tow.
Public Pianos, Vandalism & the Metrics of Hope (or, How to Win 99% of Bets). There is much discussion in nonprofit-land these days about how we measure impact. To that end, how do we leverage the success metric of Sing for Hope Pianos placed in \at-risk\ neighborhoods? Over 99% of these beautiful artist-designed pianos emerge not only un-vandalized, but having uplifted spirits on a broad scale.
If Van Gogh Could Talk About Art Therapy. 
Artist Explores The Vibrant, Complex History Of Blackness On Television. \TV has become like an extra person in your house. Or rather, your TV becomes your leader.\
Meet The Man Replacing Lin-Manuel Miranda In 'Hamilton'. Young? \u2714\ufe0f Scrappy? \u2714\ufe0f Hungry? \u2714\ufe0f
Views From The Sexy. *Insert Drake \dad dance\ here.*
This Year's Provincetown Film Festival Trailer Pays Tribute To Jackson Pollock And Edward Hopper. Cynthia Nixon and Ang Lee are among 2016's honorees.
Bront\u00eb Society Just As Melodramatic As The Bront\u00ebs Would Have Wanted. Shouting matches, a Stasi comparison and mass resignations
How One Photograph Prompted Colin Powell To Support Obama. The photograph features a mother hugging the tombstone of her Muslim-American son, a soldier.
'She Loves Me' To Be The First Live Streamed Broadway Show. Watch Jane Krakowski do splits from the comfort of your home.
Why This Ballet Dancer Wants To Stand Out, And Stand Up For Workers' Rights. Sean Aaron Carmon went from wanting to go it alone to committing to collective action.
Artist Pairs Her Own Teenage Diary Entries With Photos Of Girls Around The World. The combination of real diary entries and images capture the universal experience of becoming a woman in the world.
This Gender-Swapping 'Hamilton' Performance Is The Future Of Broadway. Werk!
Here's How Stars Honored Victims Of The Orlando Shooting At The Tonys. Hate will never win.
Donald Trump And Hillary Clinton Get The Tonys Treatment. Grab your tickets for \The Book of Moron\ ASAP.
Art World Responds To The Devastating Orlando Nightclub Shooting. Artists around the country are paying tribute to the victims of the horrific attack.
Tonys Makes History When Actors Of Color Sweep Musical Categories. For the first time in 70 years, all four musical acting awards went to people of color.
'Hamilton' Will Reportedly Drop Muskets From Its Tony Performance. The 2016 Tony Awards will be dedicated to the victims of the Orlando shooting.
Happy Pride. We are the luckiest people in the world.
'Whitewashing Or Bold Casting?' Asks Terrible Twitter Moment About Whitewashing. What should we call it when filmmakers suggest Leonardo DiCaprio play a famous Persian poet? Ummm...
Rachel Bloom Understands What It's Like To Be The Only Theater Fan You Know. Seriously, will anyone watch the Tonys with us?
How A Show About Reality TV Is Taking On Racial Politics In America. And how they made sure they did it right.
Vandals Deface Colossal Las Vegas Land Art Art Installation. This is why we can't have nice things.
A Queen of Many Faces. 
Why music lessons need to keep up with the times. 
Are Fans Getting Too Entitled? Nah.. Having opinions on art and entertainment isn\u2019t a privilege, and being insulated from feedback isn\u2019t a right.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Is Probably Leaving 'Hamilton,' And The World Is Reacting Accordingly. Who will replace him? Who?
Ancient Sculpture Garden Hints Neanderthals Were More Creative Than We Thought. The purpose behind the mysterious rock formation, found in a French cave, remains unknown.
A Massive Splash Of Paint Will Turn Hurricane-Ravaged Beach Into Art. Four years after Superstorm Sandy, Berlin-based artist Katharina Grosse is reminding us that the damage to New York's Rockaway Beach is still very real.
Why You Still Love 'Calvin And Hobbes' All These Years Later. \The most meaningful art is able to be enjoyed and understood at every stage of life.\
\Age Shall Not Weary Them\ - Shakespeare and Memorial Day. It's a phrase that resonates as we remember the warriors, the heroes, the veterans, those we continuously applaud, and particularly on Memorial Day, for their service.
The Poem \Of A Soldier's Passing\. This is a poem I wrote circa 2005. It first appeared on Youtube.
Stage Door. Oscar Wilde's story - his rise and fall - remains fascinating. His plays were the toast of London and his 1895 masterwork The Importance of Being Earnest, was being staged at the time of his scandalous trial.
Contemporary Art \u2122 is a Now a 'Brand'. 
Loose Lips Sink Ships. 
Ethereal Photos Show Just How Neat Whisky Dregs Can Be. \It's a little like snowflakes.\
Artist JR Makes The Louvre's Iconic Pyramid Disappear. All those tourist selfies are about to become a bit harder to capture.
In 'Barge,' Unsung Heroes Follow The American Dream Up And Down The Mississippi River. The new documentary chronicles cargo workers making ends meet.
This 400-Year-Old Story Might Be The First-Ever Sci-Fi Book. \The Chemical Wedding,\ originally discovered in the 1600s, is being republished by Small Beer Press.
Warning. But honestly, no shame in the game! \ud83e\udd13
Ever Wish You Could Live Inside Your Favorite Book? You Can At This Incredible New Place. Have you ever wanted to just crawl inside your favorite book and stay there for a while?
Artist Reimagines Donald Trump As A Liberal, Tattooed Hipster. Nose piercing and all.
Meet The Whiskey-Fueled Stormtroopers (From A Distillery Far, Far Away). Who knew they could dance like MJ?
Live and Dangerous. We are smack in the middle of a fantastic festival season - and this year's Governor's Ball is no exception.
Painted Words. There are paintings made from words, and words made from paint. Words, in painted form, find themselves layered, blended and brushed towards poetry.
First Nighter. Dick Gregory isn't playing himself in Turn Me Loose, at the Westside Theatre, although, at 83, he certainly could. Right now Joe Morton, whom current tv viewers know from Scandal, is impersonating Gregory in the Gretchen Law play that also has John Carlin taking on several roles, among them William F. Buckley.
A Visual Survey Of Retro Computers That Predated The MacBook. Elegant technology has a long history.
Women's TV Shows Can't Get No Respect, No Respect At All. At least not from male viewers. Thanks, deeply entrenched patriarchal norms!
The Coloring Book That Turns Into One Stunning Panel Of Wall Art. Artist Shantell Martin's quirky, creepy, wild adult coloring book unfolds into a nine-foot work of art.
How Performance Art Questions The Way We Talk About Gender Today. In \CODED,\ Xaviera Simmons wants her audience to think about gender and the lack of sex in major museums today.
A New Film About Motherly Love Leaves Cliches Behind. Rebecca Miller, the director of \Maggie's Plan,\ talks gender disparity in filmmaking.
These Vintage Coloring Books Were Around Before Adult Coloring Was Cool. Travel back in time, open your box of crayons, get to work on these vintage automobile drawings.
Women Won In Every Big Category At The 2015 Nebula Awards. Saturday delivered a great win for diversity in entertainment as women swept every category at the 2015 Nebula Awards. The
87-Year-Old Musician Dies After Performing 'There's No Business Like Show Business'. At 4 feet 11 inches, Atlanta musician Jane Little managed to master a 6-foot-5 instrument.
A Book About Sex That Doesn't Talk Down To You. Amy Rose Spiegel's \Action\ gets it.
It Only Takes Five Minutes To Show How Thorny America's Gun Control Is. Watch the new documentary short \Who Will Survive America.\
Donald Trump And Vladimir Putin Will Not Like This Street Art Mural. The duo lock lips in artist Mindaugas Bonanu's latest piece.
'Under The Gun' Examines Both Sides Of The Gun-Control Debate, Even If It Will Only Appeal To One. The Katie Couric-produced documentary premieres on Epix.
Seven Magic Mountains Grand Opening Desert Style. Armed with thirst-quenching libations, we navigate the natural path through the barbed bushes and spiky yuccas. A sign warns of the possible presence of venomous snakes and I hope we are all making enough noise to ensure any lurking reptiles keep their distance.
Farewell To The Toast, Mallory Ortberg's Utopia Of Feminist Humor. The brilliantly funny site stuck around just long enough to turn the male gaze on its head ... for the entire Western canon.
The Gugulethu Project. Today, with more training opportunities available to talented young black students, filling the pipeline for these programs remains a challenge. How do you spot talent and recruit students when they may have no idea what ballet is?
Can the New SFMOMA Turn Tech-Bros Into Art Patrons?. 
'To Be or Not to Be, I There's the Point.' Or Conversations Overheard!!. Do you ever do that? Deliberately put yourself in line of hearing other people's conversations? My wife and I are terrible offenders, if indeed it is an offense. We know intuitively when there is a situation, a possibility, to observe and hear life and people unedited, which can yield such fascinating results.
22 Summer 2016 Books You Won\u2019t Want To Miss. Soak up these family dramas, advice column collections and near-future hijinks.
Women Dominate Turner Prize 2016 Shortlist. The nominees include Anthea Hamilton, Helen Marten and Josephine Pryde.
Wild Behind-The-Scenes Photos Remind Us That Movies Are Much More Than Magic. The things we\u2019ll do for a good story are pretty incredible.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Would Like To Remind You To Put Your Phone Away. \You worked too hard to get these tix. I worked too hard to finish this show.\
Bad News, Language Pedants. When it comes to texts and emails, rules need not apply.
Photographer Documents Her Grandmother's Illness While Searching For Something More. Rachel Cox set out to forge a connection with her grandmother, through photography, before it was too late.
Ballet Dancer Erik Cavanaugh Shows Grace Comes In All Sizes. \Dreams are possible as long as you work and push yourself.\
Explore The Blissful Spirituality Of Southern India In 'Gurukulam'. See the trailer for the new documentary.
This  Vegetated Biosphere Could Change The Future Of Montreal. Buckminster Fuller would be proud.
Captive Audiences. 
A Wale(s) of a Tale. 
9 Books About The Sweet (And Not-So-Sweet) Realities Of Motherhood. It\u2019s not all kisses and bedtime stories -- except when it is.
Photographer Mourns Her Lost Children In Touching Series. Dianne Yudelson wants to make it OK to talk openly about miscarriage.
Broadway's Best Celebrate 'Les Mis' And 'Miss Saigon' Composers. For Boublil and Sch\u00f6nberg fans, it was a not-to-be-missed evening.
This Website Will Help You Find A Perfectly Timed Bathroom Read. Might as well use your poopin' time to take in some literature.
Instagram Account Highlights Art History's Most Badass Fashion Moments. Check out the most fabulous collars and cod pieces in the history of art.
Help Us Track Down The Owners Of These Mysterious Photos. Can you identify the people in these discarded photos?
First Nighter. Although there's much to praise in the Young Vic-Joshua Andrews co-production of Tennessee Wiliams's superb A Street Car Named Desire, now transported to St. Ann's Warehouse, the laurels go mostly to the cast. About other prominent aspects, there's much to question.
Thank You, 'Rent,' From Suburban Teenagers Everywhere. The East Village-set smash debuted on Broadway 20 years ago.
Let This Feminist Punk Band Explain The Meaning Of Microagressions. \This Stupid Stuff,\ by Houston-based band Giant Kitty, gives context to the term in a way dictionaries can't.
Dreamy Photos Of Couples Drifting Off Will Remind You Of The Beauty Of Sleep. \Although they are sleeping, their minds are still active, their spirits are still moving and their bodies are still making shapes,\ photographer Olivia Martin-McGuire said.
Everybody Knows . . . Elizabeth Murray Premieres at Tribeca. 
400 Times William Shakespeare Totally Blew Our Minds. The Bard's been dead 400 years, and he's still killing it.
William Kentridge's 'Greatest Drawing Ever' Unveiled Along the Banks of the River Tiber in Rome. On the evenings of April 21 and 22, the banks of the River Tiber in Rome will come alive with light, shadow, and music, in a free, public, site-specific performance along the Piazza Tevere.
Warning. Sorry for saying \Biebergasm.\
All-Female Theater Troupe Tackles Gender Issues In Shakespeare's Plays. \u201cI was really bored with seeing a stage full of white guys whenever I went to a classical play,\ Rebecca Patterson, of The Queen's Company, says, \so I decided to change that.\u201d
'Hamilton' Cast Goes Crazy With Rousing Tribute To Prince. Broadway hit honors musical icon in the best way possible.
Surreal Lighter Protectors Are The Ultimate Summer Camping Accessory. Get lit in the company of your own surreal art, thanks to Christina Kenton.
A Theater Teacher Played 'Hamilton' For A Group Of Inmates. Their Reaction Was Priceless. I work with a group of men who aren\u2019t used to seeing themselves in the narrative unless they\u2019re portrayed as villains.
Queen Yayoi Kusama Named One Of Time's 100 Most Influential People. We're not worthy! We're not worthy!
Anyone Can Be A Shakespearean Player At This Inclusive Sonnet Slam. No rehearsal, no experience, no problem.
Muppet Version Of Bernie Sanders Is The Best Political Art Of Our Time. Meet Ernie Sanders.
Artist Gives Hieronymus Bosch's Classic Triptych A Feminist Makeover. Caitlin Rose Sweet says her work is \femininity in revolt.\
The Truth About The Stolen 'Pop Icons' By Andy Warhol. If you don't know, now you know.
Wear Your Heart All Over Your Sleeve Thanks To This Custom Literary Swag. Now your drawer novel can be cozy, wearable art.
Forget Twitter, This App Provides You With A Real-Life 'Follower'. For 24 hours, Lauren McCarthy will physically stalk you for the sake of art.
Tribeca Film Festival Documentary Showcases Freed Prisoners' Harsh 'Return' To Society. See an exclusive clip from the movie about three-strikes laws.
A New Yorker's Guide To Getting Outside And Seeing Art This Spring. And summer.
Raw Portraits Capture The Range And Beauty Of Trans Masculinity. \I wanted to show that trans men come in all shapes and sizes and that some don't take hormones or have surgery and that's okay.\
Painting Found In French Attic Is $137 Million Caravaggio, Say Experts. PARIS (Reuters) - A painting found in the attic of a house in southwest France two years ago was attributed to the Italian
Inflatable 'Truth Booth' Will Let Americans Vent About This Crazy Election. Hank Willis Thomas and Cause Collective are begging people in the U.S. to tell the truth.
Chita Rivera Looks Back On Her Storied Career At New York\u2019s Caf\u00e9 Carlyle. \u201cIt\u2019s a tremendous responsibility, and an honor, to tell your stories.\u201d
Why Hamilton Matters. A young man stands in the dark, waiting to take his shot. It is May 5, 2009, and Lin-Manuel Miranda is listening at the back
What It Takes to Be an Asian Female Hip-Hop Dancer and Choreographer. Hailing from Hong Kong and New Zealand, Karen Ng has performed at The Kennedy Center, The Blue Note Jazz Club, NYC Summerstage, Shakespeare in the Park and more. She has also produced and performed her own projects.
The Real Housewife of 11th-Century Scotland. New breakthroughs in technology have a long history of disrupting the status quo. When I first learned how to type, it was on a manual typewriter that, if you hit the carriage return handle hard enough, might fall off the desk.
Adrian Lester. Phone rings, door chimes, in comes Stephen Sondheim's Company! Please let me know in the comments your favorite Bobby.
Actor Billy Eichner Sets Sight on 2nd Ever \Variety Sketch Series\ Emmy Award. Can't get enough Billy Eichner? A somber Eichner spilled the beans this week to The Hollywood Reporter podcast, \Award Chatter\ with Scott Feinberg. Eichner saw RENT on Broadway with his parents.
Christo and Jeanne-Claude. 
The \Garden\ of New York. Manhattan's art scene is one that fluctuates and migrates. Watching it over time, it starts to look like a natural process, like herding patterns, or erosion.
Minutes Away From The Port Of Los Angeles, Artists Conjure Utopian Visions Of Labor. \There are these queer ideas of sustainability ... that we have to change things so drastically, reform isn't enough.\
Instant Podcast Recommendations From The Streets Of New York. From strangers' mouths to our ears.
The Bottom Line. Elizabeth Crane\u2019s novel \The History of Great Things\ is narrated by a girl and her mother.
A 'Hamilton' Skeptic On Why The Show Isn\u2019t As Revolutionary As It Seems. \u201cIt\u2019s still white history. And no amount of casting people of color disguises the fact that they\u2019re erasing people of color from the actual narrative.\u201d
Bolshoi Ballerina Discusses Which Ballet Is 'Like Champagne'. Hint
Columbia Students Protest Sculpture For Being Too Dang Ugly. \It suggests ... a dying mantis or a poorly formed pterodactyl.\
British Museum Urged To Sever Ties With BP. A group of leading scientists and artists have called the oil company \a barrier to progress.\
Stage Door. \Vacations are for amateurs,\ sneers Jenny, a cofounder of a private-equity firm. She's ambitious, smart and driven by excessive profits -- by any means necessary.
The Revolution Will Not Be Compromised. In his recent Op-Ed piece for The New York Times, A.O. Scott explained why \Everybody's a Critic. And That's How It Should Be.\ Unfortunately, not all analyses of critical thinking as an art form and means of public engagement are as elegantly constructed as Scott's essay.
The Bottom Line. A Book of Job for the secular age, this incest hoax thriller will have readers feverishly turning pages, but questioning the moral underpinnings.
Photographer Captures The Secret Feminist Utopia Of Dog Sledding. In the frozen north, men and women compete as equals.
The Lavish Legacy Of Oscar De La Renta Lives On. \u201cI believe that my sole purpose as a designer is to create something that I think a woman would want to wear.\u201d
Planned Parenthood Protesters Take The Spotlight In Eerie Street Photos. A street photographer explains why he sets his lens on protesters and their controversial signs.
Breaking. Acronyms and filler words are nothing new, says \Teen Talk\ author Sali Tagliamonte.
God Is A Woman In Previously Forgotten Feminist Exhibit 'The Sister Chapel'. The 1970s art project is finally being revived \ud83d\ude4f
Dear Artists. Artists inspired by the city\u2019s ruins walk a fine line between preservation and exploitation.
Meet The Brilliant Pianist Behind Martin Scorsese's Upcoming Biopic. Byron Janis' career as a concert pianist has meant embracing imperfection, even when it seemed like an insuperable obstacle.
The First Images Of The Fully Illustrated 'Harry Potter And The Chamber Of Secrets' Are Here. Potterheads, rejoice!
The Most Intersectional VIDA Count Yet Paints A Troubling Picture. Looking beyond gender inequity in literary media makes for a disturbing view.
Colorful Architecture, Because You Don't Need Rain For A Breathtaking Rainbow. Meet the Instagram photographer capturing the rainbows in a city near you.
Our Poet Laureate Is Trying To Find America's Voice In A Crowdsourced Poem. You can help \Half-Mexican\ poet Juan Felipe Herrera write about migrants, peace and language.
Harper Lee Burns Donald Trump From Beyond The Grave In Letter Comparing Taj Mahal Casino To Hell. Ouch!
Would You Buy a 1,433-Pound Meteorite For $1.1 Million?. The extraterrestrial gemstones are an added bonus.
Your Favorite Museums Are Sharing Their Deep, Dark Secrets On Twitter. Frank Lloyd Wright wanted to name the Guggenheim building in New York City the \Archeseum,\ and other random facts.
Anti-Trump Street Art Reminds Us There Is Still Some Good In This World. Trump is already more or less a cartoon character, so this is just the next logical step.
Photographer Assumes Endless Identities In Her Mother's Clothes. The clothes we wear, and how they shape our identities.
Spot The Easter Egg Among The Bunnies In This New Viral Puzzle. And you thought that pesky panda was hard to find...
You Should Probably Follow The 'Mushroom Ninja' On Instagram. The true \champignon\ of mushroom photography.
Evolution of a Giant. 
Actors Equity and the Battle for LA Theater. 
The NRA Finally Makes Fairy Tales Child-Friendly By Adding Guns. Valuable life lesson
Watch Detroit Neighborhoods Fall Into Ruin Through Google Street View Images. A few years ago, these were people's homes.
Be An Outsider, Be A Hero. FOR A MEETING last week, I flew three-and-a-half hours from S\u00e3o Paulo to Fortaleza, a beautiful city located in Brazil's northeast, and once more I was struck by how vast, rich and diverse this nation is.
\Finding New Horizons for Korea in its Past. For all the success of the TV series about the palace kitchen Dae Jang Geum and Psy's \Gangnam Style\ there is an increasing cultural entropy in Korea and commercialization of cultural contents that has undermined the cultural creativity that so many have held high expectations for.
These Prints Made By Mexican Women Artists Are Hauntingly Beautiful. Although they explore different realms -- politics, domesticity, identity, race and gender -- the women are all united by their medium.
Pop-Up Magazine Is A Here-Today, Gone-Tomorrow Experiment In Storytelling. Musical theater, meet journalism.
Photographer Documents People Kissing In Public Spaces Around The World. When it comes to PDA, it's a small world after all.
Gentle People Of The Internet, Here Is Your Chance To Be In 'Hamilton'. Are you aware that (you could be) making hist\u2019ry?
One Of The World's Greatest Living Artists Snags Herself A Husband That Is Also A Rock. Looks like Tracey Emin found herself a stone cold fox.
A Painter Is Recreating An Archive Of Every Animated Disney Frame Ever Made. Artist Michael Dotson says \the world of Disney presents a particularly American vision where hard work and struggle pay off in a happy ending.\
Peechaya Burroughs' Instagram Art Is Perfect Minimalist Fun. She gives childhood nostalgia a hint of the absurd.
Celebrate The 400th Anniversary Of Shakespeare's Death In Style. To go or not to go
11 Feminist Art History Emojis We Wish Were Real. Some day, some day ...
'Ladies Rooms Around The World' Intimately Captures Women Behind The Scenes. Maxi Cohen traveled the world, photographing every public restroom she encountered along the way.
Neither Painting Nor Disco Is Dead, And Here's The Art Show To Prove It. Don't worry, there will be a disco ball.
Nuns on the Pun. 
Meet SassyBlack, The Queer Soul Singer Who Has No Time For Lame Dates. The psychedelic jazz singer talks sci-fi, online dating and Comic-Con.
Krappy Kamera Awards Prove Even Lo-Fi Tools Can Make Great Art. A great photographer doesn't need cutting-edge equipment to score the perfect shot.
The Painter Who Hears Sound In Color. For Irish painter Jack Coulter, life is full of \tetrachromatic hues.\
Woman's Painfully Ironic Photo Highlights The Reality Of Homelessness. She's drawn a ton of backlash, but how different are her actions from what many people do every day?
This Instagram Artist Is The Bob Ross Of Mixing Paints. ASMR enthusiasts, enjoy.
101 Artists You Should Remember This International Women's Day. In honor of International Women's Day and the #5womenartists campaign, we're recognizing the women who left a mark on art history.
Historical Fiction Gets No Respect -- Here's Why It Should. Katy Simpson Smith, author of the new novel 'Free Men,' on the joys and frustrations of exploring the past.
This Pop-Up Museum Chronicles The History Of Reproductive Rights In America. A piece of cotton root bark, a twisted metal coat hanger, and a pack of birth control pills are among the objects on display
'White Walker' Creates Stunning 'Game Of Thrones' Snow Art. Looks like winter is already here.
Pat Conroy, Author Of 'Prince Of Tides', Dead At 70. Conroy had been battling pancreatic cancer.
A Catalogue Of Wonderfully Useless Ideas Highlights The Power Of Imagination. Artist Ana Prvacki dares to imagine how our smallest, most absurd ideas can change the world.
This Theatre Group Performs Shakespeare, Only Drunker. Think
5 Things All Louise Rennison Fans Know To Be True. You only need three things in life
Can Virtual Reality Make Us Better People?. The godmother of VR has big plans to change the world.
This Oscar-Winning Short Film Is A Beautiful Homage To Online Dating. Benjamin Cleary\u2019s \u201cStutterer\u201d is about the ways we try -- and fail -- to communicate.
Are The Oscars Finally Getting With The Times?. Chris Rock addressed diversity in his monologue and sketch comedians added some pep to the show. But was it enough?
It\u2019s Time To Stop Thinking About Weight Loss As A Fairy Tale Ending. Author Mona Awad talks body positivity, female friendships and dressing room nightmares.
Francis Upritchard's Exotic Artifacts from an Alternate Universe. 
Is It Real or Is It Memory?. 
LA Phil's Long Journey with Pell\u00e9as et M\u00e9lisande a Glowing Success. The performance succeeded at every level, revealing in its unusual format an equally valid way to present Pell\u00e9as et M\u00e9lisande. It will stand as one of the greatest ever in Disney Hall and a milestone in the history of this unique work of musical art.
A Photographer And His Husband Challenge Wedding Photo Stereotypes. Photographer John Paul Evans is celebrating unconventional love with beautiful, haunting images.
This Guy Walks In Snow To Create Amazing Giant Murals. \Gradually, it's taken over my life.\
Photographers From 186 Countries Compete In Worldwide Competition. The Sony World Photography Awards showcase professional, amateur and youth photographers across the globe.
Hey, Mark Zuckerberg. The Facebook guru recommended 23 books everyone should read in a lifetime, but it\u2019s shockingly male-centric.
Rebelling Against Borders, One Artist Is Painting Over Immigration Papers. Merve Iseri hopes her work \will make people step back and see that humanity is one race.\
Umberto Eco Dead At 84; Italian Philosopher Wrote 'The Name Of The Rose'. Eco transcended the worlds of academics and fiction, penning numerous internationally acclaimed works.
Remembering Scout, The Real Hero Of Harper Lee\u2019s 'To Kill A Mockingbird'. The child narrator taught readers to question their stubborn ideals.
Harper Lee's Death Mourned By Readers, Celebs And The Literary World. The beloved author of \To Kill a Mockingbird\ will be deeply missed.
Artist Creates Lead-Infused Tribute To Governor Who Oversaw Flint Crisis. \I wanted to make sort of an ugly portrait of an ugly guy.\
Netflix And Chill With 'Harry Potter' Characters In This Illustrated Series. Guess which show is Dobby's favorite.
8 Books To Help You Celebrate The Return Of 'Broad City'. No mo' (literary) FOMO.
What Would You Do To Spend Valentine's Day With A 'Bachelor' Star?. Would you wait in a coat-check line for an hour? Would you battle through hundreds of other women? Would you pay $5,000?
Surreal Photos Reclaim The Words People Use To Insult Women. You say \u201carm candy\u201d like it\u2019s a bad thing. Enter photographer Anna Friemoth.
One Artist's Magical Obsession With Creating 'Secret Friends'. Artist Ana Hell's absurd art experiment turns the human body into a cartoon character.
Ai Weiwei Commemorates Drowned Refugees During Berlin Film Festival. But why not stage the installation in countries that have taken in few, or no refugees?
The Bottom Line. This new novel, based on \The Merchant of Venice,\ gives Shylock the lion's share of the love.
Behold, The First Artwork Depicting Two People Making Sweet Love. Turns out people 11,000 years ago weren't all that different.
Some Books Just Aren't Made To Be Adapted For The Screen, And That's OK. About that Elena Ferrante TV adaptation
Artist Pays Latino Day Workers Hourly Wage To Sit For A Portrait. John Sonsini's quiet rebellion against #ArtHistorySoWhite.
Actor Saul Williams Says Lin-Manuel Miranda's 'Hamilton' Is 'Extraordinary'. \Lin-Manuel is a gift.\
Why Do We Laugh At Kanye West\u2019s Anger?. We praise his rage-fueled lyrics, but dismiss his tangled Twitter rants.
The Director Of HBO's New James Foley Documentary On Making A Movie About His Childhood Pal. Brian Oakes explores Foley's journalism and resilience.
A Joyous, Jumpsuit-Filled Instagram To Fight Your Fear Of Aging. Catherine Gray's showcasing 40 jumpsuits on social media in celebration of turning 40.
The Bottom Line. A tender, sprawling novel about war, love and time's relativity.
Floating Library Proves Books Should Be Shared In Improbable Places. Books ahoy! A floating library is setting sail in California.
Here's What Witchcraft Can Teach Us About Feminism. Witchcraft has been used in film to chastise -- or praise -- subversive women.
Photos Of Men With Bubble Beards Show Masculinity Is Fragile Too. Compelling and hilarious.
The Corgi Fan Art That Will Melt Your Pop Culture-Loving Heart. Warm fuzzies, coming right up.
The Quirkiest 'Meet Cutes' Of Pop Culture History, Illustrated. Buffy and Angel? Edward and Kim? Navin and Marie? The gang's all here!
Jazz Genius Vijay Iyer Had To Fight The 'Model Minority' Myth Too. Why our culture finds it so hard to situate someone who's neither black nor white.
Post-Internet to Proto-Internet. 
Step Inside Salvador Dali's Surreal Paintings With Trippy VR Video. Live the dreamscape.
The Most Haunting Version of Adele's 'Hello' So Far. Mozart cello mash-up is off the musical scale.
Stunning Works Of Macro Photography Ask You To Look Closer. The world will never look the same.
Stunning Font Collection Reflects The Fleetingness Of Memory. This typeface changes each time it's printed.
Painter Vanessa Prager Talks Beauty And Makeup, And Art Too. The artist likens her maximalist oil paintings to women's cosmetics.
Forget Valentines, Let's All Send Hamiltines Instead. Because nothing exudes sweet, sweet love like Lin-Manuel Miranda's musical \Hamilton.\
An Ode To Dana Scully, An Inspiration To Hard-Nosed Women Everywhere. How one skeptical redhead paved the way for characters like Jessica Jones.
These Mesmerizing Circular Panoramas Will Send You For A Loop. Simply gorgeous.
Soon You Can Read Beatrix Potter\u2019s Lost Story About A Black Cat. The previously unpublished story also features an older Peter Rabbit.
How A Colombian Artist Got To Know His Mother Through Photography. Juan Betancurth and Benjamin Fredrickson's uncanny images depict a mother-son relationship warped over time.
Let's Try To Categorize All The New Podcasts We're Excited About. Say you knew them when.
Pop Culture\u2019s Housewife Problem, Explored. Domestic women are portrayed onscreen as hysterical, soap opera-loving dimwits. It\u2019s time to change that.
The 'Feminist Babysitter' Is Here To Watch Your Kid And Dismantle The Patriarchy Too. Comedians SJ and Ginny, of \Drive-By Street Harassment\ fame, are back with a three-part video series.
Painting Feminism. I'm painting portraits of every woman artist I know. It's a simple gesture. I'm painting them so they will not disappear.
Constance Mallinson's 'Free Painting Experiment' and Its Unexpected Result. \Raft,\ the centerpiece of the artist's carefully designed \free painting\ experiment was given away -- not sold -- in an attempt to bypass and raise questions about the usual artist/dealer/collector nexus and its operations.
'Cats' Pounces On Broadway Once Again. Previews begin July 14 and opening night is Aug. 2
What Makes A First Kiss So Great? One Artist Tried To Find Out. After her 15-year relationship ended, Marta Soul decided to explore what makes new partnerships so exciting.
How One Author Used Twitter To Write A Thrilling Choose Your Own Adventure Story. Readers voted on the plot twists and turns of \u201cUntine\u201d
WOW! These 13 Tiny Pencil Sculptures Are Truly Magnificent. Pencils have been used to make a lot of amazing art. But it's a rare day when the pencils themselves are the main attraction
Stop Giving New York Transplants All The Credit For Detroit\u2019s Art Scene. Move from Brooklyn to Detroit for the cheap rent
Scholastic Pulls Children's Book About George Washington And His Slaves After Outcry. The picture book was strongly criticized for its upbeat images and story of Washington's cook, the slave Hercules and his daughter, Delia.
These Playful Pictures Of Toy Figures Pose Serious Questions. Camilla H\u00e4llgren explores inequality, gender and gun violence in her art.
The Bottom Line. Come for the sexual tension, stay for Tessa Hadley's luminous nature writing.
The Utmost Beauty of Atomos (Company Wayne McGregor). The 70-minute piece opens with the nine-member ensemble confined to a small square patch of stage illuminated by Lucy Carter. They rise and sink and appear to shed their skins in the eerie light, like bathers in the holy Ganges, to the elegiac sounds of a synthesized church organ from A Winged Victory for the Sullen.
How The Art Community Is Helping A Nonprofit Bring Homemade Food To Those In Need. After 30 years, God's Love We Deliver tells its story.
Can Reality Be Spoiled?. We expect every story to surprise us. Even reality television.
Meet The Feminist Comedians Who Use Rage And Tears As Their Weapons. SJ and Ginny perform personal, vulnerable and notably hilarious comedy about being women.
Let These Masked Feminists Explain How Depressing Gender Inequality In Art Is. The fantastically radical Guerrilla Girls went on \The Late Show with Stephen Colbert\ to talk about women and art.
Artist Makes Apologizing Cool Again With Fluffy Pompoms. Loving these pompoms means never having to not say you're sorry.
David Bowie\u2019s Idea Of Perfect Happiness Was Reading. According to his 1998 Proust Questionnaire, which is just as wonderfully weird as we hoped.
The Hashtag That's Turning The Oregon Militia Standoff Into Erotic Fanfic. \Jason pressed Jed against a rack of 'Birds of Oregon' books; his breath was sweet with jerky.\
We Can't Even With This Guinea Pig Diva. You wish your hair was this  voluminous.
Pierre Boulez, French Conductor And Composer, Dies At 90. Boulez was one of the leading figures in modern classical music.
'Just,' 'Sorry' And Other Taboo Words That Are Actually Okay To Say. Sorry, I just think conversational harmony is a good thing.
What Did Bowie Do At Your Age? This Website Will Tell You. At 32, he \got hit in the face by Lou Reed after a dinner in Hammersmith. Took it like a champ.\
The Bottom Line. A magical key-maker, a chilling mountaintop town, and a peculiar visitor populate this strange and lovely story.
A Very Famous Performance Artist Is Hosting A Concert For Dogs. Laurie Anderson is honoring 9/11 first responder dogs in a very special way.
She Films Herself For 2 Years To Show The Progress Of Learning Violin. As adults, it can be challenging to learn new hobbies. We\u2019re usually all pretty set in our ways, but that doesn\u2019t mean we
8-Bit Versions Of Famous Art And Pop Icons Are All Kinds Of Yes. These \u201980s recreations are, like, totally bitchin\u2019.
Danish Politician Says Facebook Censored Photo Of Nude Mermaid Statue. The 102-year-old artwork allegedly had \u201ctoo much bare skin or sexual undertones.\u201d
A Lustrous 'Pearl Fishers' To Ring In The New Year. It has taken the Met Opera 100 years to get Bizet's Les Pecheurs de Perles back on the stage, but the new production the company unveiled in a gala New Year's Eve premiere is such a spectacular success, beautifully sung and acted by a splendid cast and chorus, it should secure the opera a place in the repertory for years to come.
Learning to Live Outside Your Comfort Zone. Children can be remarkably resilient. But what about adults who struggle to cope with the demands of their personal and professional lives? Will they happily go with the flow of new-found freedoms and technology? Or will they dig in their heels and resist change with the angry determination of a frightened adolescent?
Sally Mann. Sally Mann opens her memoir, Hold Still (Little, Brown), by invoking the muese. An outdated word, the meuse is a mark left in the ground after a small animal leaves; the grass or dust bears an imprint of its departed body.
Why I Fell In Love With Woven?. Whether you believe in miracles, have faith in the power of coincidence or simply agree that life is just a series of open doors for us to explore, the story of WOVEN and the film makers is one that will inspire you to believe in the power of dreams.
Agnes Martin. In the monograph Agnes Martin (D.A.P./Tate), the work is described variously as ascetic, immensely fragile, calm, direct, hypnotic, quiet and inward. Martin says her subjects are lightness and formlessness. Her work is so interior it does not invite more concrete description.
Spring Studio Is Dead, Long Live Spring Studio. Some years ago, I lived in one of those artsy little towns which freckle the South. There was a main road in this town, and off to one side of it, a fenced-off bare lot. Walking past, one would notice slow changes in the lot
Illustrator Captures What Fuels Our 'Jessica Jones' Addiction. \Kilgrave made me do it.\
How To Make Non-Intimidating Reading Resolutions For 2016. \Books seriously are fun!!!\ she shouted into the void.
After 70 Years, Germany Is Printing 'Mein Kampf.' Should It?. An annotated edition will be released in January. Is it in the public interest?
Influential Abstract Painter And Sculptor Ellsworth Kelly Dead At 92. Artist died at home on Sunday of natural causes.
Our 16 Favorite Arts, Books And Culture Stories From 2015. The best of HuffPost Arts & Culture this year.
Nothing We Like Matters. Bee Wilson's book \First Bite,\ about our food habits and preferences, is really an economics book.
My Favorite Part of The Lion King Was Intermission. My family and I were given three tickets to the Broadway production of The Lion King. Tuesday, 7 p.m. Only the tickets weren't there when we got there. The theater was sold out.
Americaville. \There are no strangers here, only friends you have yet to meet.\ -- Merry Christmas from Wisconsin.
A Pony for Your Thoughts. From acrobats gallivanting across the stage on jumping stilts to muscular male gymnasts doing poetic pole dances, from nine male aerialists simultaneously performing on hoops above the stage to a cluster of angelic women being lifted on high, the spectacle is stunning.
So These Three Artists Walk Into a Jeff Koons Show... The Artist as CEO... and Why Skill in Art is No Joke. Among the painters I know, skill is a hot topic. Everyone seems to intuitively know what it is -- they know it when they see it -- and the implications of having or not having skill are generating lively, fresh conversations and opinionated writing.
A Most Ingenious Paradox. The San Francisco Opera recently scored a major success with its new production of Donizetti's 1835 opera, Lucia di Lammermoor, which had been updated to some kind of modern mythic landscape.
15 People In Art History Having A Worse Christmas Than You. (And some sheep as well.)
Introducing The Anti-Manic Pixie Dream Girl. How \u201cJane The Virgin\u201d celebrates being Type A.
What Experts Got Wrong About The Relationship Between Suffering And Art. What Kathryn Graddy's recent study misses about the tortured artist stereotype.
7 White-Hot Suspense Novels To Heat Up Your Holidays. Is it cold outside, or are these books just sending chills down your spine?
A Visual History Of 'The Nutcracker' In 100 Photos. 'Tis the season.
The Lives Of Extreme Holiday Decorators. Christmas light displays are suburbia's wild, electric-fueled folk art.
This Time-Lapse Painting Takes Cookie Decorating To An Insane Level. Mmmmmmm, Neoclassicism.
Yup, The Internet Is In Charge Of Saving Or Shredding A Picasso. Here's everything you need to know about the very real Picasso print that Cards Against Humanity will either shred or donate to an art museum.
Ballet Dancers Shred Their Way Through Queen's 'Bohemian Rhapsody'. Scaramouche! Scaramouche! Will you do the Fandango?
Dawn of the Post-Contemporary. 
Dawn of the Post-Contemporary. 
'Mommie,' A Portrait Of Three Generations Of Women, Will Make You Call Mom. And your sister. And your grandma.
This Is The Only Version Of 'The Nutcracker' You Need This Season. This is how you update a century-old classical music score.
Artist Lip-Syncs Entire GOP Debate While Dressed As A Clown. Rachel Mason takes on the Republican presidential candidates.
Broadway Star Melissa Errico Shines On 'What About Today?'. On her new DVD, the Tony nominee is all heart.
All The Book Adaptations You're Going To Want To See Next Year. Whimsy, wonder and what could be the next \u201cGone Girl.\
New Taylor Swift Book To Be Co-Authored By Her Fans. Who knew T. Swift would ring in the future of storytelling?
Museum Residencies Offer Opportunities for Artists. There is no one type of museum artist-in-residence program. In many institutions, the artist-in-residence program is run out of the museum's education department with a very specific mandate to develop and complete projects with school-age children, and there may be no studio or materials for the artists or opportunities for them to exhibit their own work.
Survey Says Books Are Getting Longer. Nothing can replace the heftiness of a book. \ud83d\udcda
Stop Complaining About The Evolution Of Text Language. Period.. Although shaking your fist does burn calories.
Is Art Basel Miami Beach The Giant Man Bun Of The Art World?. You know?
Please, Don't Smoke The Art. These hyperrealistic weed sculptures are made from paper, glue and resin.
'P Is For P*ssy' Is The Alphabet Book Of Your Wet Dreams. A is for a*s. B is for b*ow. C is for c*ck.
Smithsonian Head. WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The head of the Smithsonian says the government should \take the lead in reinvesting in the arts and humanities
This Book Doubles As A Fully Functioning Camera. \Since books no longer need to be physical, the design ante has certainly been raised for the books which do use dead trees!\
If You Want To Read This Book, You'll Have To Buy An iPad. Is this the future of book reading?
Yup, Hit Musical 'Hamilton' Is Heading To Chicago. Group tickets for the Chicago run will go on sale Jan. 5.
The 25 Best Music Videos Of 2015. The year's most delicious combinations of sight and sound.
This 'Stop Wars' Street Art Will Make You Love Yoda Even More. The Grand Jedi Master is a peace activist in Eduardo Kobra's latest work in Miami.
23 Artworks. I love the work included below, and I am happy to have the opportunity to share it, and my thoughts about it, with you. I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving, and that your upcoming holiday of choice goes very well.
Beauty in a Whirlpool. A sensitive, imaginative artist who has struggled both to make sense of and also to redeem her Southern Baptist upbringing, Bowland sees is fascinated by the idea of \damaged beauty.\
Beware the Squid Children of Cebu. When American Conservatory Theater first announced plans to renovate the Strand Theatre on Market Street, its Artistic Director, Carey Perloff, was bubbling over with ideas about what a second performance space could do for the company.
First Nighter. The old theater saying that goes \If you have a great finish, you don't have to worry about anything else\ comes close to working for the Andrew Lloyd Webber-Glenn Slater-Julian Fellowes musical adaptation of School of Rock.
Happy Birthday To Joan Didion, The Original Icon Of Impostor Syndrome. Thank you for your big ideas and small stature.
Ladies Who Like To Drink Owe A Little Thanks To Prohibition. To celebrate the 82nd anniversary of its repeal, the feminist upside of prohibition.
The 7-Year-Old 'Nutcracker' Ballerina Who's Fighting For Mice Rights. Meet Annabel Averett, an Omaha elementary schooler who organized a Mouse Freedom Front.
100 Airmen Pull Off Holiday Flash Mob At The Smithsonian. It was a normal day at the Smithsonian\u2019s National Air and Space Museum, when all of a sudden, a lone airwoman appears from
The Radical Potential Of A Woman Crying In Public. Artist Dora Moutot explores how tears can be pornographic, feminist, revolutionary.
7 Full Podcast Seasons For Your Holiday Binge-Listening Pleasure. Indulge in the satisfaction of an auditory beginning, middle and end.
Life Is A Little Bit Perkier Thanks To This Artist's Boob Scarves. Because you can never have too many boobies in your life.
This Early-Aughts Book About Being A 20-Something Totally Gets It. \My Misspent Youth\ is an honest look at the mistakes we make on the road to adulthood.
Thanks To These Colorful Condoms, You Can Now Have Art Inside You. When johnny bags become canvas ...
Madeleine L'Engle, The YA Author For The Oddball In Everyone. She just gets us.
Painters. 
37 Art Therapy Techniques For De-Stressing This Season. Get creative this holiday season.
The Bottom Line. An amusing, if sometimes clinical, peek inside seldom-explored worlds.
Art Consultant Arianne Levene Piper on Collecting in Emerging Art Markets. In a globalized art world, a good navigator is essential. Arianne Levene Piper is a London-based art consultant and curator who advises major international collectors in Zurich, London, Stockholm, Dubai and elsewhere.
10 Books That Remind Us America Should Be For Everyone. Read these books about America's dark past so we never repeat it.
How Your Favorite Artists Might Play With Thanksgiving Dinner. Sometimes playing with your food isn't such a terrible thing.
Ghostly Portraits Explore 'Anonymous Women' And Their Homes. \u201cFor most of history, Anonymous was a woman.\u201d -Virginia Woolf
Now There's Caution Tape To Warn Of The Dangers Of Gentrification. An artist priced out of her New York neighborhood  is fighting back.
Short Story Vending Machine Solves All Fiction-On-The-Go Problems. One word
In An Ode To Physical Objects, Photographer Captures Everything We Touch In A Day. Books, keys and food wrappers paint a clear portrait of their owners' identity.
Food-Obsessed Photographer Captures The Secret Histories Of Fruits And Vegetables. Photographer explores the mystical histories of your favorite healthy snacks.
Finding Mindfulness Through The Art Of Drawing. A new book explores finding focus and calm through the art of drawing.
First Nighter. Sometimes understatement is the best kind of statement. It's surely true of these six pieces, and it's also surely true that dramatist Yearley proves to be a master of understatement. Congrats to him and to the 11 actors--including Deon Frank--and two directors who bring him so realistically alive.
Carrie Brownstein's Audiobook Outtakes Prove She's Our Dream BFF. The musician, writer and actress reads from \Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl.\
Idiots Keep Vandalizing Bookstore That Has 'Isis' In The Name. It's an Egyptian goddess, people.
Calvin And Hobbes Started Adventuring Together 30 Years Ago Today. Best friends forever.
A Musical Look At The Women Of The White House As You've Never Seen Them. Michael John LaChiusa's \First Daughter Suite\ is a two-act \fantasia\ about first ladies and their daughters.
Watch A Rare, Hilarious Kurt Vonnegut Lecture. \What everybody is well advised to do is to not write about your own life.\
Artists Share Images Of Peace And Solidarity After Paris Attacks. \I thought we needed a message for peace,\ said the graphic designer behind one widely shared image.
Artist Hopes You Find The Humanity In His Terrifying Mutant GIFs. And also try not to puke.
White Actor Cast As MLK Jr. In Ohio Production, Playwright Katori Hall Speaks Out. The decision by a black director to cast a white actor as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in a production at Ohio's Kent State
Celebrity Photographer Focuses His Lens On L.A.'s Homeless. In a pop-up studio in Hollywood, an award-winning portrait photographer turns his lens on Los Angeles\u2019 homeless, who visit
Clarissa From 'Clarissa Explains It All' Is All Grown Up In New Book. She\u2019s a disappointingly bland 20-something Manhattanite now. But there are some steamy sex scenes!
Crayola Launches Adult Coloring Books To Transport You Back To Childhood. Psychologists say coloring isn't just for kids -- it can have real benefits for stressed adults.
The New Age of Narcissism. Thanks to smartphones, digital technology and social media, it has become nearly impossible for anyone who is online to avoid the tidal waves of narcissism coursing through cyberspace.
The Bottom Line. Rick Moody's latest novel tells the story of a man's life through his online hotel reviews.
Lifted By The Music, 'Carol' Soars. Carter Burwell, a frequent Coen brothers collaborator, lends his talent to an impossibly beautiful film.
Women Continue Being Underrepresented In Theater Despite Being Half The Population. A new study shows Off Broadway positions are \overwhelmingly\ male-dominated.
Against Being F**king Obvious. Because saying exactly what you mean at all times is pretty boring.
How Ta-Nehisi Coates Escaped. 11 books heralded by the best-selling author and journalist.
Print Isn't Dead, And This Artist Can Prove It. Myriam Dion's stunning newspaper cutouts encourage readers to slow down.
Feminist Mix 'N' Match Coloring Book Celebrates The Complex Lives Of Women. If Cindy Sherman owned only a single coloring book, this would be it.
Fill The 'Crimson Peak'-Size Hole In Your Heart With This Guillermo Del Toro Art Show. Feast your hand eyes!
Stage Door. 
Totem Pole Stolen By John Barrymore Finally Returned To Alaska. The screen legend displayed the pole in the garden of his California estate.
George Lucas, Samuel L. Jackson, Angela Lansbury and Others Honor James Earl Jones. James Earl Jones is 84, and considered one of the world's finest actors, the voice of Darth Vader has been on Broadway since the 1950s, starring in plays from the Great White Hope and Othello to Fences and You Can't Take It With You. And he continues to dazzle audiences.
The Bottom Line. David Mitchell has a Halloween present for us.
The Man Behind 'Humans Of New York' Reflects On His Unscripted Interview With President Obama. The Instagram sensation says POTUS seemed \very genuine.\
LOOK. What do the Chicago skyline, a cat, a subway map, a Van Gogh, and a skull all have in common? They've all been re-created
Getting Nostalgic With Tavi Gevinson. The teenage writer and actress reflects on high school, Rookie and staying optimistic in the face of growing up.
Young Photographers Meditate On Life In And Out Of Megacities. \u201cI've always had a love-hate relationship with large cities.\
20 Spooky Music Videos To Make You Poop Your Pants This Halloween. Celebrate Halloween with a roundup of truly terrifying music videos.
9 Talks That Are a Great Introduction to TED. It's not easy to convey just how fantastic TED Talks are and how life changing they have been in my life. So I thought that I should do a post for people who may not be familiar with TED.
Terror With a Twist. How does one tell a contemporary horror story if one's audience can't see the monster? What if the audience is gathered in a 50-seat theatre with no possibility of elaborate scenic effects?
Stage Door. Robert O'Hara's biting play, Barbecue, now off-Broadway at the Public Theater, takes raw concepts of truth, fiction and entertainment and grills them over a well-lit flame.
California Launches Effort Promoting Art and Culture Districts. Governor Brown, Craig Watson, and Assemblyman Richard Bloom (D-Santa Monica) who introduced AB 189, all undoubtedly see the connections between the arts and creativity and, in turn, between creativity and innovation.
That American Apparel Play And Other Off-Broadway Shows To See This Month. Because the Today Tix lottery let you down again this month.
This 17th Century Scientific Illustrator Loved Butterflies Before It Was Cool. Bonus
An Artist In Brooklyn Wants To Bring His Imaginary Friends To Life. 'As humans, we are empowered with agency when it comes to constructing our realities.'
Holy Frida Kahlo, It's A Feminist Art Coloring Book. This magical book will fill you with (meat) joy.
Meet Charth Vader,The 7-Year-Old 'Villain' Who Will Melt Your Cold And Icy Heart. \A 7-year-old can dream up things in a way that adults cannot.\
Playwright Suzan-Lori Parks Wins $300,000 Gish Prize. The first African-American woman to receive the Pulitzer Prize in Drama just won one of the largest cash awards in the arts.
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons. MTV deemed these satirical artworks inappropriate \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Marlon James Becomes First Jamaican Winner Of Booker Prize. Marlon James was rejected 78 times for his first novel, now he makes author history.
Giant Murals Disappear With The Tides Because Nothing Lasts Forever. \I try to capture nature's fleeting beauty.\
Exploring The Ritualistic Customs Of 'Rocky Horror' Superfans. \There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure.\
Reflections of a Humbled Son on the 98th Birthday of My Father, Thelonious Monk. From my earliest recollections, adults, when first meeting me, would invariably ask the question, \Do you know who your father is?\ The query came from musicians and fans alike. I didn't really understand the question at first, because the answer seemed so obvious.
A Pretty, Impractical Way To Organize Your Bookshelf. Forget alphabetical shelving. This textile artist shows us how it's done.
17 Micropoems To Give Your Soul A Lift In No Time. Take a Twitter poetry break in honor of National Poetry Day!
Growing Up With Jewel. Still sensitive, less sentimental, Jewel revisits the vulnerable folk hits that made her popular 20 years ago.
These Elegant, Flippable Illustrations Will Leave You Hypnotized. \If I know I\u2019ve caused a smile somewhere with my work, then I\u2019ll fall asleep happy.\
These People Really Hate Renoir. End the treacle!
And Here's The Emoji Pantone Mashup You've Been Waiting For. Pop culture mavens, rejoice!
Television's Nerdiest Indian Gets Real. Kunal Nayyar, the shy astrophysicist who rules Monday nights, talks girls and grit in his new memoir.
Bestselling 'Wallander' Author Henning Mankell Dead At 67. Mankell wrote some 50 novels and numerous plays, selling more than 40 million copies worldwide.
Theater. Spring Awakening left Broadway just six years ago. And its original cast -- Jonathan Groff, John Gallagher Jr. and Lea Michele -- left huge shoes to fill. But it's a delight to see the story has lost none of its impact, the score and songs none of their dusky, moody impact.
Linking Art, Culture, Commerce and Through Technology, the World. We know that technology is shrinking the globe, but the reasons are largely economic
Beware Intelligent Men Bearing Caustic Wits. While the documentary shows Kramer in robust health and, later in life, as a frail senior citizen, it teaches viewers what can happen when one fiercely intelligent man (who is not willing to take \no\ for an answer) speaks truth to power.
When A Local Women's Shelter Takes Over An Art Gallery, Beautiful Things Happen. The show is called \The Art of Love.\
Illustrator Draws 100 Happy Things To Get Over A Breakup. A little art therapy can go a long way.
Instagram Account Documents The Varied And Vibrant Dancers Of NYC. James Jin wants to photograph dancers in every New York City subway station there is.
Art Expedition Accidentally Uncovers Glow-In-The-Dark Sea Turtle. This article originally appeared on artnet News. A marine biologist studying coral reefs off the Solomon Islands in the South
Julie Schumacher Becomes First Woman To Win Thurber Prize For American Humor. Previous winners include Jon Stewart, David Sedaris and Calvin Trillin.
The Science Behind Crystal Chandeliers Is A Dizzying Artwork In Itself. Sia soundtrack recommended while you watch.
Man Recreates A Van Gogh Painting With Plants In A 1.2-Acre Field. Stan Herd has been using grass, dirt, flowers, and other vegetation to create art on large fields for decades.
Nothing But The Truth?. Why fluid, artistic memoirs are more than okay
Broad-Kill. Dozens of other art writers, critics and bloggers have been writing about the Broad since it opened last week, and after having actually \seen\ it, some have made prose of its alleged deficiencies.
Did You Know LA's Palm Trees Are Dying? This Artist is Bronzing Them.. With an exhibition that just opened at the new Hollywood home of not-for-profit art initiative LAXART, MutualArt checked in with Los Angeles-based artist Zoe Crosher to discuss her two recently unveiled projects, on view until October 24th.
One Artist's Old Blotting Tissues Become Accidental Masterpieces. They are \not to be sneezed at.\
11 Simple Reasons The Print Book Doomsayers Are Wrong. A book is not a VHS tape.
Books Had A Great Emmys Night, Despite Andy Samberg's Best Efforts. Readers knew how good Olive Kitteridge was before Sunday night. Just sayin'.
Theater. This isn't the first Dream to play more like a nightmare. But the shadows do prove Tucker's most memorable gambit. While most tech elements are minimal and add even less, the lighting is exceptional.
Obviously, Carlton Banks Would Be a Glasshole In 2015. See the cast of \Fresh Prince\ re-imagined as millennials. Also, Uncle Phil.
There Are Way More Boys Than Girls In Popular Fiction Stories. In other news, fish can swim.
Looking Back 100 Years. When Nixon In China received its world premiere from the Houston Grand Opera on October 22, 1987, audiences were stunned by the portrayal of Tricky Dick as a wistful world traveler obsessed with the idea of making news.
Aisle View. A comedy about drag queens might have a somewhat limited audience.  The Legend of Georgia McBride, though, is not so much a comedy about drag queens, but a comedy which incorporates characters who happen to be drag queens.
17 Books You Should Add To Your Usual Back-To-School List. Here's the alternative back-to-school reading list you've always wanted.
Need A Professional Cat Photo? Call The 'Purrtraitist'. Life's pretty pawsome for a cat photographer.
Thank God This All-Male Theater Group Exists. (Actually, there's no reason for an all-male theater group to exist.)
These Tiny, Super-Realistic Paintings Are Even Better Than Emojis. Karen Libecap shrinks famous movie scenes and topical imagery to the size of a thimble.
This Adult Ball Pit Is Like Chuck E. Cheese Without The Terrifying Mouse-Rat. It's real.
Guys, 'Star Wars' Isn't A Blockbuster Franchise, It's Poetry. \This changes everything ... Or at least it feels like it.\
Art Consultants Help Advance Artists' Careers. Some artists are great at promoting themselves, finding buyers and generating attention to their careers. Hats off to them. For many other artists, however, having a middleman speak on behalf of their work is vital to their careers.
What Could Possibly Go Wrong?. Things don't always happen the way one hoped they would. Although people don't look forward to receiving bad news, when it comes a-knocking at their door, many react with an astonishing range of emotions.
Getty Is Quietly Charging Bloggers For 'Socially Awkward Penguin' Meme. One of the Internet's favorite jokes belongs to the photo service.
The Bata Shoe Museum In Toronto Celebrates Its 20th Anniversary. 
Theater Needs To Pay A Lot More Attention To Female Playwrights. Welcome to yet another creative boys' club.
These Cats Are Going To Teach You How To Live. \Show appreciation so your partner keeps giving you stuff.\
One Hashtag Reminds Us All Why Writing Really Matters. One hashtag, but so many reasons #whywritingmatters.
For Artists With Developmental Disabilities, Dance Provides An Outlet And Inspiration. Who doesn't love a good dance party?
New York's Finest. From 1894's \The Sidewalks of New York\ to 1940's \Give My Regards to Broadway\ and beyond, some songs have become closely linked to the mythology of New York. There are even two hit songs (from 1944 and 1977) entitled \New York, New York.\
Who Wrote the Beatles Hit \Twist and Shout\? The Amazing Story of Bert Berns. Chances are that you've never heard of Bert Berns. But most likely you know the songs \Twist and Shout,\ \Piece of My Heart,\ and \I Want Candy.\  Those timeless tunes were written or co-written by Berns, the many-hit wonder who thrived as a songwriter, producer, and label chief with his own label, Bang Records.
Remember That Time Sylvia Plath Stuck Her Head In An Oven?. Our selective memory of the poet\u2019s tragic past becomes more apparent in two Fringe plays this year.
Dear Oxford Dictionaries, 'Pwnage' Is Not A Word And Never Will Be. And neither are \rly,\ \nuff said\ and \mkay.\ Mkay?
Can A Magic Spell Really Help Your Love Life?. Some call it chemistry, some call it luck, some call it fate or serendipity -- but whichever word you choose to employ, one thing is for certain
You Can Now Fat-Shame A Redditor And Not Feel Butt Hurt About It. New Oxford Dictionaries entries are more awesomesauce than beer-o'clock at a cat cafe.
20 Of The Summer's Wackiest Art News Stories. Warning
A Tiger Posed In An Abandoned Factory, Or When Ruin Photography Becomes Exploitation. Should artists use Detroit's urban decay as their \canvas\?
First Nighter. Shylock's inflexible insistence on the bond he made with Antonio for a pound of flesh were the 3,000 ducats not repaid -- that's to say, Shylock's unrelenting stance as a broader revenge on the Christians who've tormented him throughout life as a usurer -- is decidedly matched by his tormenters' virulent prejudice.
'Intimacy Art Show' Will Make You Want To Get Close To Somebody. We just wanna feel the heat with somebody.
Comic Recalls The Accidental Brewing Of The Very First Beer. To early humans, it was a miracle from the gods.
Jonathan Franzen Demonstrates His Spirit Animal Is Lucille Bluth. \Maybe I'll get a son who WILL finish his cottage cheese!\
What I Learned From Drawing My Face Over And Over. 100 days. 100 self-portraits.
'Simpsons' Co-Creator's Sweet Memorabilia Up For Auction. The sale will benefit the late Sam Simon's charity.
An Entire House Dangles Mid-Air In Germany, All In The Name Of Art. Read the original story on ArchDaily. \u00a0 Courtesy of ZKM \u00a0 Argentine\u00a0artist Leandro Erlich has created \u201cPulled by\u00a0the Roots
You Have One Month Left To See 'Hedwig And The Angry Inch' On Broadway. You missed Neil Patrick Harris, Andrew Rannells, Michael C. Hall, John Cameron Mitchell and Darren Criss. You still a little less than a month to catch Taye Diggs.
Ever Seen Everyone In NYC In One Place? Now You Have.. Well, not really. But close enough.
These Delicate Drawings Are The Handiwork Of A Very Smart Computer. This is what happens when a computer makes art.
What Happens When A Male Photographer Tries To Reclaim Women's Bodies?. This photographer wants women to stop worrying about conventional beauty.
Artist Reimagines The Fantastic Origins Of Vintage WWI-Era Photos. We want to live in this artist's world.
When Art Likes You Back. Liking and appreciating works of art involves a give and take, and the idea of a idea of a private conversation in which a work of art responds by deepening its meanings and offering more profound pleasures is apt and beautiful. It is precisely this kind of conversation that wakes up our taste for art, which involves a kind of deep affinity or even passion.
Not Getting Married Today. It was difficult to explain to this passionate Cuban man that I didn't want to marry anybody. Still don't. Why not? I'm one of those men that Professor Henry Higgins described as \a confirmed old bachelor, and likely to remain so.\
Exclusive Interview With Bosque Hrbek, Founder of Symbiosis Gathering. Behind every great music festival stands a passionate founder with an ambition that blossoms into a gathering. Bosque Hrbek, founder of Symbiosis Gathering, shares his mission, philosophies, \human animalism\ and much more, divulging the seeds of the mind that grew this gathering.
Haruki Murakami\u2019s Early Stories Aren\u2019t Just For Superfans. Cats, jazz and wild dreams make up the writer\u2019s beautiful novellas.
The Movie Biz Isn't The Only One With A Franchise Dependence Problem. \To Kill A Mockingbird 2
With The Help Of A Scroll Bar, 'Swim Thru Fire' Tells A Gripping, Immersive Story. How comic artists use digital space to their advantage.
In 'Informed Consent,' A Native American Tribe's Battle Is Recreated Off Broadway. A Native American tribe's tumultuous conflict over genetic research is being brought to harrowing life on the Off-Broadway
Geeking Out With Felicia Day. Actress Felicia Day wrote an adorkable book about gaming.
This Parody Of Bollywood 'Party Songs' Is Too Good, Yaar. Even if you've never seen a Bollywood movie, you know the silliness.
That Time A YA Book Won The Pulitzer Prize For Fiction. Happy birthday, Marjorie Rawlings!
Is This The Best Harry Potter Pun Ever?. J.K. Rowling certainly seems to thinks so.
To All The Meat-Loving Feminists Of The World, Riot Grill Has Arrived. \It\u2019s time to get loud, stuff your facehole & celebrate kickass women who rock.\
Tremendously Twee Short Film Pays Homage To Imaginary Friends. Now you see them, now you don't.
Harpist's Cover Of Taylor Swift's 'Style' Is Just Too Damn Good. Meet Ogden, our new favorite harp and ultimate music crush (who is a harp).
Photographer Highlights Income Inequality With Aerial Photos Of LA Neighborhoods. \It's the American dream. For a few.\
Artists With Disabilities Explore The Far-Reaching Potential Of Visual Expression. Never underestimate the power of the many worlds inside your imagination.
What We Found at 'The End of the Tour'. The End of the Tour is a careful exploration of one of the most intelligent, observant and complicated minds of the twentieth century. David Foster Wallace had an unmatched appreciation for the minute details of our ever-expanding modern world. And he was able to articulate them.
10 Book Recommendations For All Of Your Travel Needs. What to pack for planes, trains, AND automobiles.
How To Break The Internet With Your Art. Step 1
Study Explains Why Some Movies Are So Freakin' Scary. Suspenseful scenes hold our attention -- and stick in our minds.
This 1927 Essay Proves We've Always Worried About The Future Of Books. Writers gonna write, and readers gonna read -- no matter what distractions you throw at us.
The Bachelorette Really Does Face A Nasty Double Standard. That barrage of slut-shaming wasn't blown out of proportion.
Artist Replaces Billboard Ads With Nature Photos. Art branches out into new territory.
Jim Crow-Era Folk Artist Captures The Haunting Ways We Envision Death. James \Son Ford\ Thomas creates mangled visions of our rotting bones, the kind that populate children's nightmares.
How Cell Phones Would Change The Plots Of Famous Books. \u201cyo call me Ishm@el!\u201d
Black Lives Matter. While playwrights such as Lynn Nottage (51), Suzan Lori-Parks (52), George C. Wolfe (60), and Ntozake Shange (66) are familiar names on the theatrical landscape, a younger generation of gifted African-American dramatists such as Katori Hall (34) and Marcus Gardley (37) have been impressing audiences with their work.
Envy All Of The Birds With This Stunning Series Of Aerial Photos. If you're a bird ... I'm a bird.
Magical App Will Turn Ad-Filled Subway Stations Into Pop-Up Art Galleries. No more bad puns so early in the morning.
The Bottom Line. It's time for your reading list to get cuckoo for coconuts -- and geopolitical conflict.
Manhattan's Hottest Rooftop Has A Sunset With No Sun. There's only one sunset in this town, and it costs $22 to stare at.
'Archie' Cartoonist Tom Moore Dies. Archie Comics' editor in chief described Tom Moore as \a cartoonist's cartoonist.\
Harper Lee's 'Go Set A Watchman' Sales Hit 1.1 Million. \HarperCollins, where authors have included Michael Crichton and Veronica Roth, is calling 'Watchman' its fastest seller in history.\
Literature For Optimists. Teen books aren't just about pleasure. They're about hope.
The Outsider Has Officially Squeezed Its Way Inside The Art World. Thank goodness for bad taste.
Become Who You Are. Would you ever consider becoming a cyborg?
Big Girls Don't Cry. In the late 1960s a new brand of cigarettes was introduced by Philip Morris International. A spinoff of the popular Benson & Hedges brand, its marketing was aimed at female smokers enjoying a new sense of liberation. For better or worse, the advertising slogan for Virginia Slims insisted that \You've Come A Long Way, Baby.\
Setting the Record Straight. The clich\u00e9d rivalry between the East and West Coasts of the United States confounds those of us who grew up in distant lands. When it comes to ballet, in particular, many American balletomanes appear oblivious to the bustle outside the precincts of New York City.
Street Artist Revamps Abandoned Buildings With Creepy Baroque Imagery. What's scarier than happening upon a lonely, 17th century-esque painting hanging out in an abandoned building?
A Sci-Fi Guide To Navigating The Universe. How fiction writers helped name the galaxy, including Pluto's newly photographed craters.
As Classic Signs Slowly Disappear, This Project Seeks To Write Their History. Documenting these things was just a way to remember them before they disappeared forever.
Musician Rhiannon Giddens Responds To Charleston Massacre With Devastatingly Beautiful Song. \No matter what level privilege you have, when the system is broken everybody loses,\ Rhiannon Giddens\u00a0explained in a statement
The Artist Behind Controversial Michael Brown Sculpture Explains Her Motivations. How should we respond when a white artist appropriates a black body as art?
Photographer Finds Unlikely Muse In Her Bodybuilding Father. This is not your stereotypical dad bod.
'Jeff Koons Must Die!!!' A Video Game That Brings Your Angry Art World Fantasies To Life. So long, Bubbles.
Author Jeff Lindsay Says Goodbye To Serial Killer Dexter With Final Novel. Spoiler alert
Post-Apocalyptic Photos Imagine The Fate Of Our Outdated Technologies. Next time you contemplate upgrading your iPhone or digitizing all your VHS tapes, just imagine these bone-chilling giants roaming your neighborhood.
A Mesmerizing 'Soundsuit' Memorializes Trayvon Martin's Death. Outside Detroit, Nick Cave's \TM 13\ memorializes the death of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed Florida teenager who was fatally shot three years ago.
'Meet Me In Montenegro,' And 6 More Beautiful Films About Runaway Love. On-the-go movies with plenty of staying power.
'Black Mirror'-Inspired Photography Exhibition Proves Reality Can Be Stranger Than Sci-Fi. \Black Mirror\ is sure to give you all the sleepless nights and nervous stomach aches of its TV namesake.
The LiliLite Is A Genius Solution For Your Bedside Pile Of To-Be-Read Books. An incredibly pretty bookshelf, bookmark and reading lamp all in one.
Why You May Not Have Ever Seen An Original Frida Kahlo In Real Life. Other collectors may not be so generous. Madonna, for instance, repeatedly rejected requests to lend a Kahlo to the DIA for
An Artist's Before-And-After Drawings Show What Happens When You Actually Stick To Your Dreams. You may have attempted rough sketches when you were a kid, but here's what could have happened if you'd kept at it.
Aatish Taseer Talks Sanskrit, The Dangerous Power Of English, And His New Novel. 'The Way Things Were' reveals how powerful language really is, and how damaging it can be.
Summer Book Bingo Spices Up Summer Reading. 
David Ligare at the Crocker Art Museum, Sacramento. At the Crocker Art Museum in Sacramento, the works of David Ligare (b. 1945), a contemporary Classicist and a maker of \literate pictures\ are currently on view. I recently interviewed David Ligare, and asked him about his artistic development and his ideas.
Singular Sensations. On January 29, 1966, when Sweet Charity opened on Broadway at the Palace Theatre, the song which became one of the show's biggest hits was \Big Spender.\ The number featured a lineup of bored, jaded, and cynical taxi dancers offering their bodies to prospective customers.
The First Chapter Of Harper Lee's 'Go Set a Watchman' Has Arrived, And Readers Are Thrilled. Enthusiasm, along with criticism, is already rolling in.
Read The First Chapter Of Harper Lee's 'Go Set A Watchman'. Since Atlanta, she had looked out the dining-car window with a delight almost physical. Over her breakfast coffee, she
'The Luck Archive' Documents The Talismans And Rituals All Around Us. Luck is a cultural phenomenon too pervasive too ignore.
Icelandic Artist Seeks Corpse For Very Morbid Dance Performance. #PerformanceArt.
'Archie' Comics Have A Brand New Look, Including More Realistic Portrayals Of Women. Are you a Betty or a Veronica? In new \u201cArchie\u201d series, the girls are much more than cat-fighting frenemies.
Tom Hanks-Inspired Art Gets Its Own 'Big' Exhibition. An illustrated history of Tom Hanks' career, from 1984 to 1994.
Learn Some Damn Theater Etiquette Or Patti LuPone Will Steal Your Phone. What the hell kind of feral beasts are you becoming, America?
The Bottom Line. The novel every \u2018Eternal Sunshine\u2019 fan will relish.
Wednesday Martin Denies Fabrication Allegations. \People understand what a memoir is,\ she told HuffPost Live. \People understand what accessible, social science is.\ Whether people actually understand this, however, is still up for debate.
Museum's 'Kimono Wednesdays' Cancelled After Claims Of Racism. \It's not racist if you look cute & exotic in it.\
The 'Rain Room' Is Coming To Los Angeles, Not To Be Confused With Actual Rain. Bring snacks for the line.
Awkward Prom Photos Have Gone Queer, And We Couldn't Be Happier. Nothing spices up prom night like some gender fluidity.
7 Facts That Bring Order To The Madness Of 'Alice's Adventures In Wonderland'. Before breakfast, some may believe six impossible things, but we offer you seven real things
Meet The Last Pigeon Keeper in New York's East Village. On New York City\u2019s Avenue A, an unassuming apartment building with the word \u201cpeace\u201d sprawled above its windows is nestled
Frida Kahlo Comic Sums Up The Remarkable Joys Of Being Strange. Every one of us, from time to time, feels a little bit out of place in our own skin.\u00a0 Whether you feel left out, misunderstood
How The New York Public Library Is Bridging The Digital Divide. The 11th annual\u00a0Aspen Ideas Festival\u00a0drew impressive crowds to the picturesque Colorado mountain town in late June, inspiring
'Tall Women in Clogs' Busts Stereotypes About Height, Gender And More. \Being tall makes you stand out in most groups. As with any kind of difference you have to learn to own it.\
We Need More Trans Women Represented In Art History. In the realm of fine art, particularly more traditional fields like painting and portraiture, trans women remain almost entirely absent.
'Men & Cats' Gorgeously Portrays The Love Between A Man And His Kitty. And it's a beautiful thing.
Street Art Murals From All 196 Countries In The World Show We\u2019re Not That Different After All. 8. Liberia Artist
From the Streets of NY, to Main Street SM, FLOrE and Westgard Take On LA!. New York street artists FLOrE and Westgard share the spotlight in a two-person exhibition titled \CALIFORNIA Dreaming.\
What Breaking Up On \u2018The Bachelorette\u2019 Reveals About Toxic Masculinity. The way we raise boys makes having relationships with men difficult -- and scary.
Watch An Entire Disney Movie In The Blink Of An Eye. Stunning film visualizations compress feature-length flicks into works of art
Six Countries Where It's Illegal To Dance. Let's just say Baby could do worse than the corner.
Young Adult Author Points To Lack Of Diversity In Genre. 
Keeping Up Appearances. When one thinks back on some of history's greatest hoaxes, the first two that come to mind are usually the Trojan Horse and the creation of Potemkin villages.  Both were brilliant projects conceived and executed on a grand scale with formidable results.
Classical Live. It's a great thing when major orchestras release new recordings of contemporary art music. It's an even better sign of the vibrancy of the classical music business for that to happen under the auspices of a new major international initiative that brings together commercial and non-profit entities.
Afloat Once More on San Francisco Opera's Show Boat...and in Its Wake, 'Sweeney Todd'. I just had one of the best opera experiences of my life, attending San Francisco Opera's terrific production of The Trojans, with its gorgeous music by Hector Berlioz, monumental sets and some of the best singers performing today.
Americana for the Fourth of July. But seriously, if there's a time to use the word Americana, it's got to be July 4th, right? So here are some genre-bending releases that fit the name.
Arthamptons Lifetime Achievement Award. Just prior to the Arthamptons opening, I met with Ruth Appelhof, Executive Director of Guild Hall, who will receive the Arthamptons Lifetime Achievement Award on July 5. Over eggs Benedict at the Maidstone in East Hampton, we talked.
13 Ways Artists Around The World Have Interpreted The American Flag. 
15 Beach Reads To Bask In This Summer. 
Scientology Leader David Miscavige's Father To Write Tell-All Book. There are dysfunctional families, and then there are those who write tell-all books.\u00a0 The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed
A Starry Night of Gershwin by the Philadelphians. The Philadelphia Orchestra concluded their regular season in Philly, with what proved to be a triumphal sold out performances of Leonard Bernstein's Mass, a pet project of musical director Yannick Nezet Seguin.
Former Burlesque Stars Prove Eroticism Has No Age Limit (NSFW). 
Nature Adds a Psychedelic Spin to Lucinda Bunnen's Photography. \The minute I saw those two photographs, I said, 'Oh, my lord, that's fabulous. How can I make that happen?'\ says Lucinda Bunnen, recalling when she discovered two damaged slides while winnowing her archives of 60 years.
Art That. There's a huge difference between looking at art, and actually seeing it. When I make this statement during the lectures and seminars, people usually ask, \What the hell is the difference?\ So let me tell you my friends
The 5 Things I Learned in my 20's. If I were being honest, there was a lot of sacrifice, struggle, and discipline that went into getting to and maintaining that sort of state of being... a lot.
Deborah Levy's Strange Novels Are Not Your Mother's Book Club Pick. 
Leonardo Da Vinci's Personal Writings Show Us How A Genius Thinks. 
'Portrait Of A Quiet Girl' Celebrates The Private Madness Within Us All. 
Mark Twain Gave Good Advice About The Dangers Of Good Advice. 
Lullaby of B'way at 35. Thirty-five years to the day after the first performance of the long-running Broadway musical 42nd Street, almost two hundred alumni gathered last night to celebrate.  The David Merrick/Gower Champion production opened at the Winter Garden in 1980 and ran over eight years, playing 3,486 performances
Party at the Sacred Mountain for 5 Points Gathering 2015. For centuries, the mountain has been an important symbol to the spirituality of mankind. Often referred to as the Holy or Sacred Mountain, in many cultures its peaks were worshiped as Earth's closest steeple to heaven and other celestial dimensions.
This Woman Photographed Herself Every Time She Cried For Three Years. 
Recordings From Music Maker Relief Foundation (and a Free Album!). Public folklorists like me often advocate for traditional arts, and for individual traditional artists. We try to increase funding, support, and participation in the art forms we work with, and we recommend artists for gigs, awards, grants, and other recognition.
Etgar Keret Examines Life And Death In Israel Through The Eyes Of A New Father. 
Transcending the Traditional Art Fair. It seems to be an unofficial rule of the modern art fair that sooner or later they are obliged to transcend their creative and physical boundaries and expand beyond their original brief and location.
A Day in the Life of a Modern Poet. This morning, we are under-slept and under-caffeinated, but the usual weekend lolling doesn't apply when you're trying to cobble together a living through your creative work.
MassArt Gives Boston Fashion Sense. Cutting edge, trendsetter fashion? Yes!But in Boston? Don't make me laugh! C'est impossible, right? Wrong.
A Hungarian Lens on Photography. \It is not enough to have talent,\ photographer Robert Capa once said, turning an old saying on its head. \You also have to be Hungarian.\ By which he meant Hungarian-Jewish. This point is reinforced in an exhibition of post-World War II Paris photographs by Ervin Marton.
How To Read A Bad Book By A Great Author. 
Trisha Williams and Gamer Girl Pinups. In a very particular world, dominated by a very particular breed of men, Trisha Williams decided to step to the forefront and give this dangerous milieu exactly what it needs. This, ladies and gentlemen, is the world of video games.
New York's Flex Dancers Test The Limits Of The Human Body. 
Slashies vs. Yuccies. A \slashie\ is me. And maybe you. And most of the smart, creative people in my life. Some are learning to anticipate social trends that resonate with their callings, institutionalizing a niche into an actual job.
Getting Your Photography Published 2.0. 
Bits and Snatches. Most of us, upon hearing the term amuse-bouche, instantly think of food. But in some situations I often think of programs which offer a collection of short plays as a long string of amuse-bouches. Some are tastier and have more heft than others; some have an almost ethereal appeal.
Baseltopia. The great hall of the world's most influential international art fair might seem like the last place one might find utopia. Indeed, it almost seems antithetical to the art fair environment, as a realm of commercial activity predicated on exclusivity and lavish displays of luxury it is hardly the setting for utopian ideals.
London Life. 
From Walls to Wheels. Sir Alfred DiMora showed a special enthusiasm for cars at ten years old when he began to race miniature slot cars, which led to a genuine passion for the automobile. By the time he was thirteen, he dreamed of building his own car, and, like most genuine passions, simply would not let go until the goal was realized.
Buying And Selling Art Isn't All About Money To Curators For A Cause. 
Aisle View. How do you describe a play that is so surprising -- and so excellent -- that you don't want to give readers an idea of what they are in for?
World's Best (Literary) Dads. Happy Father's Day! While we take a break from toasting our own dads, we thought we'd make a list of our favorite fictional fathers.
Anish Kapoor's 'Vagina Sculpture' Vandalized At Versailles. 
When Losing Is Winning. None of our efforts in life are ever wasted. We can't always see the reverberations of good intent, but they ripple forever outward just the same. Doing something out of love for another is no small thing.
Saying Goodbye to Gigi and Realizing the Limits of Social Media. What makes a show fail? Many in the industry have pondered that question. If we knew the answer, shows wouldn't fail. Even veteran producers with a string of hits sometimes stumble. For there is really no magic key.
The Classic Book You Should Finally Read This Summer. Summer is the perfect time to embark on this challenge because it will give you the time and space for what Dante called the lungo studio e grande amore--the long study and great love--necessary for understanding great literature.
A Community Mural Festival Blossoms In Queens. An annual mural tradition of non-pretense, New York hosted the 6th Annual Welling Court mural festival this weekend in a working class neighborhood in Queens, thanks to a grassroots couple who hustle to match artists with walls and opportunity.
Art Basel in Basel 2015 Unlimited (VIDEO). The Unlimited sector of the international art fair Art Basel in Basel, Switzerland, presents large scale installations, paintings and sculptures, performances and videos in Hall 1 of Messe Basel. This year, the fair presents 74 projects.
And Here We Attempt To Illustrate Yoko Ono's Most Beguiling Tweets. 
My Interview With Max Ginsburg. I recently visited painter Max Ginsburg in his studio to talk about his his politically and emotionally charged paintings. For more than sixty years, Ginsburg has painted from life.
Yiddish-Wong-ish --It's All Fun in the Theater. Talk about diversity. New York is certainly the land of plenty. Just this week alone, I spent time in an Irish/Yiddish world and the next day was transported by intergalactic forces to the Planet Wongo. All this for a subway token.
Sophie Calle. Sophie Calle is the kind of woman who you know that you would want to be friends with. Her obsession with personal objects, wry knowingness and ability to stalk someone at will make her the prime candidate for any discerning art lover. Through her work, it's practically impossible not to fall in love with her.
7 Classic Feminist YA Books Everyone Should Read. 
Aisle View. Bruce Norris, who has given us the award-winning Clybourne Park (about race relations) and the less-successful Domesticated (about the broken marriage of a philandering politician), turns to wife-swapping in The Qualms.
Forever Bleeker Street, Forever Young. In 1961, at 17 years old, I moved into a floor thru pink brownstone on the corner of Bleeker and Jones Street in the West Village of New York City. It was heaven.
For One Year, This Publisher Will Only Release Books By Women. 
The Shame Game. Many LGBT adolescents are easy targets for classroom bullies. While their wounds may or may not heal, with today's social media it's easier for them to keep abreast of their tormentors. Some have even confronted and been able to foster a reconciliation with the people who once made their lives miserable.
Othello at Zombie Joe's Underground Theatre. Zombie Joe's Underground Theatre Group is possibly one of the most creative and innovative companies to burst onto the national theater scene in recent decades.  The eponymous Zombie Joe and his collaborators have redefined post-modern theater forms with a mix of commedia del'arte, punk, gothic and Grand Guignol influences.
First Nighter. What ensues may have some comic elements but, considering all that's preceded the Humayun-Babur activities, Joseph's Guards at the Taj is too morbid for non-stop yuks.
10 Ways to Increase Your Creativity. Creativity is a muscle that must be stimulated and fed every day. We are all born with creativity and how you use it, will determine our career and our life. Artists must increase their creativity to stay relevant.
Who Knew Marijuana Looked So Beautiful Up Close?. 
Jeanne Dunn. As a matter of form, trees beg anthropomorphism. Trunks and limbs lean and strive, they dance and wave; appearing active and expressive; existing in thick entanglements, or as lone sentinels.
25 Parallel Worlds Created by Photoshop Master Michal Karcz. 
Artist Susan Sweet Talks About Painting And Living In Rural Nova Scotia. Perhaps it was inevitable that I would eventually end up interviewing family - as I am not the lone artist in our bloodline. So, as a photography and arts blogger, it made sense to corner my aunt, painter Susan Sweet, and try to squeeze a little more than an artist statement out of her. Here is my attempt.
10 Photographers Share 'An Image That Changed Everything' And The Stories Behind Them. 
High School Students Create Haunting Artwork About Standardized Tests. 
A Connecting Flight. I am currently sitting on a flight headed from Los Angeles to New Orleans. I am in a middle seat between my fianc\u00e9 and a dear friend. Both have had two Bloody Marys and are passed out because they don't like to fly. I, on the other hand, love to fly.
Why This Opera Singer Took a Non Singing Job at an Opera Company. I have accepted a position at The Center for Contemporary Opera in New York City as the company's very first Director of Artistic Development.In other words, I finally get to work at an opera company doing the one thing I might be even more passionate about than singing; bringing opera to as many people as possible.
And the Award Goes to...  From Brooklyn. 3,979 miles from Cannes, 4,147 from Venice and 3,000 from Los Angeles, a diverse international crowd gathered at the Brooklyn Film Festival (now in its 18th year) to celebrate innovative storytelling and filmmaking in the age of the indie.
Dreams Take Care of Themselves. The above painting, captures the innocence of childhood and my love of Martha's Vineyard. I have traveled to the island every summer for the last 17 years. It's hard to write about its splendor without sounding cliche.
15 Women Illustrators You Should Follow On Instagram Right Now. 
Importance of Cultural Exchange With Russia During Political Frost. Even during the height of the Cold War with its threat of Nuclear Armageddon, the cultural exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union never ground to a halt.
Only English Speakers Capitalize 'I,' But That Doesn't Mean We're Obsessed With Ourselves. 
A Bizarre Feminist Music Video Experiment Is Pretty Much Rocking Our World. 
Susan Lizotte. In her latest body of work, the curious and expansive series Mercury, painter Susan Lizotte both mines and mimics history to construct a poignant and eccentric allegory for the present day.
Why Did A Peruvian Artist Bury Gold In An Abandoned Mansion?. 
The Photographic Eye of Sarah Kaufman. With the click of a shutter, the photographer catches a moment in time, thereby capturing a desired subject.  Sarah Kaufman focuses her lens on moments of quotidian experience.
How to Make Broadway Musical Theater More Diverse... and Empower Kids Along the Way. If musical theater will ever be racially, ethnically, and socioeconomically diverse, this is how it's going to happen, enabled by the organizational machinery, the adaptable repertoire, and the money of the rich corporations that own Broadway.
A Complete List Of The 2015 Tony Award Winners. 
Meanwhile, Back at the Missing Persons Bureau. Two missing person mysteries recently took center stage in San Francisco. One was a contemporary drama making its debut as part of the National New Play Network's Rolling World Premiere program.
The Tonys, 'Fun Home' and Kids. This year, however, two things intrigue me
An Exclusive Peek Inside This Year's Tony Awards Gala. For the fifth year, the nominees, presenters and other VIPs hightail it to the famous and historic Plaza Hotel for a Tony gala for the ages. This year's theme is Marie Antoinette with shades of pink, flowers and crystal galore.
How Filmmaker Paige Morrow Kimball Is Helping Make the World a Better Place. With her newest film, Play Date, Kimball wrote a script with three strong female leads and hired mostly women in key positions, including Producer, AD, DP, Production Designer, Editor and more.
An Adieu to Cedar Lake Contemporary Ballet. When I think of a lake, I imagine its stillness and peace. Calm looms over a clear surface without tides. No matter if the wind shouts or murmurs, the water barely stirs. It's settled, unperturbed. It craves nothing but silence.
Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance and Hands Up United Partner for Asian American and Pacific Islander Artist Delegation to Ferguson. All of the national media and cameras may not be on Ferguson, MO anymore but people are still building, organizing and protesting for change.
Jean Ritchie and the Cool of the Day. There was never a time when Jean's Ritchie's voice wasn't part of my life. Growing up as I did in a folk music community, she was a constant influence. Best of all was Jean's own singing -- gentle, unassuming and beautiful, with that clear, high voice.
Frida's Garden, Frida's Closet. Of all the important artists of the modern era, Frida Kahlo's work is perhaps the most inseparable from her biography and her unique physical appearance. Her life and art are presently interpreted in three exhibitions
Defiance Soars in Concerts Commemorating the Holocaust. Seventy-one years ago, in June 1944, Edgar Krasa, then a young prisoner at the Theresienstadt concentration camp, (also known as Terezin) was among some 60 Jewish men and women prisoners at the Nazi camp who lifted their collective voices in a choral performance of Verdi's Requiem.
Ira World Premiere Benefits Shrunken Shakespeare and the Actors' Fund. The plucky Shrunken Shakespeare Company has had some pretty big scores for their productions and parties considering they've only been around since 2012.
On the Holiness of Plastic. knew I was getting a teacher of ferocious passion and penetrating psychological insight from her poetry, which I had in read in The New Yorker, the Paris Review and in her four poetry collections.
This Animated WWI Doc Illuminates The Soul And Spirit Of The Conflict. Smetanka's script may have been derived from the artifacts of life, but it had also undergone the alchemy of creation, and the final product steers facts through invention until they emerge as something other, real, and true.
Gustavo Will Conduct All 9 Beethoven Symphonies for First Time Ever. For the first time ever in his career, Gustavo Dudamel will conduct all nine Beethoven symphonies on successive nights, in numerical order.
The Art of Keatley. 
Melanie Daniel. Canadian-born artist Melanie Daniel, whose work is currently on view at the Shulamit Gallery in Venice Beach, has lived in Israel for the past twenty years, including seven years in the mixed Arab-Jewish city of Jaffa. I recently interviewed Melanie Daniel to ask her about her background, her art and her sources of artistic inspiration.
15 Haunting Photos From Inside The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. Urbex and photographer Iain Bolton offer us a haunting glimpse into the town of Pripyat, the nuclear city established in February of 1970 to support a nearby power plant you might have heard of... It was called Chernobyl.
What Does it Take to Make a Movie? Wisdom from Effie Gray Producer Donald Rosenfeld. Since the the 1980s, Rosenfeld has been producing great movies like Howards End, Mr. and Mrs. Bridge, Remains of the Day, Surviving Picasso, Tree of Life and Jodorowsky's Dune. And just last month, he debuted the film Effie Gray starring a stellar cast of actors.
An Appreciation of an American Architect, I.M. Pei. 
Korean American Artist Nam June Paik Inspires Elementary School Students. They filed in, one by one, a long line of fourth- and fifth-grade students, quiet and well-behaved until they crossed the threshold of the Asia Society gallery. And then, one by one, they gasped, cried out, and-- in the case of one young boy-- jumped and nearly fell on landing.
Terrance Hayes On The Joys Of Poetry. 
Experts Answer \Why Isn't Masami Teraoka More Famous?!\. The art world is a swiftly flowing river. The currents shove every artist along, indiscriminately, at a fast clip. A few pass by twice while most flow through only once. Sometimes, an artist can get lodged along the riverbank, snagged onto a hold. Sometimes that \new land\ grows into a promontory.
Fab Phils Pumped for European Tour. Sergei Rachmaninoff 's Symphony no. 3, composed in the mid-30s, was also a commission by the Philadelphia Orchestra. It has a surface of the composer's signature romanticism, but he blasts through that shape shifting to something more aggressive.
Photographer Jim McKinniss Captures Equine Magic With Breathtaking Skill. 
Street Art Transforms Morocco's Capital Into A Living Canvas. 
Women on Top. 
Something Wonderful. If I had to choose the one featured performer in a play or musical, on or off-Broadway, who I thought was giving the best performance this season, it would be Ruthie Ann Miles in Lincoln Center Theater's revival of The King and I.
All Your Existential Worries Are Catalogued In One Hilarious Instagram Account. 
The Summer of Doug Aitken Arrives in Europe. Creating what his gallery term \fine art installations,\ and roaming across a wide range of media, techniques and subjects, Aitken's work has been difficult to categorize. But taken together, these three shows should give the unacquainted viewer a full overview of who he is.
Ritualized Oligarchy and the Plight of Innocence in Jonathan Monaghan's 3D-Materialization Art. There is a distinctly authoritarian directive ominously, if sardonically, commandeering us through Jonathan Monaghan's 3D film loop, The Pavilion.
10 Innovative Writers Who Are Shaking Up The Book World. 
Artist Highlights Just How Hard It Is To Make A Living As A Woman In Art. 
Here's Why The Biggest Slum In India Is Honoring A Fictional Rape Victim. 
This Love Story Will Make Every Scrabble Nerd's Heart Flutter. 
These Radically Colorful Photographs Will Brighten Your Day. 
Artist Jim Bachor Fixes Chicago Potholes With Ice Cream Mosaics. 
The Magic of Taiko for American Audiences. A few months ago I had the privilege of introducing readers to Kudo, a Japanese drum ensemble whose enduring sounds have performed for over 30 years and today counts 100 talented performers in its troupe.
Reflections on Five Years of Blogging on HuffPost Arts & Culture. \Picasso's Recession-Proof Harem\ was the first of a total of 259 blogs that I have posted over a five-year span. That means I have averaged just under a blog a week over time. When I started, I had absolutely no idea that I was capable of writing so much or so often. Blogging has been a huge surprise for me
You've Got Me Under Your Spell. Two productions new to San Francisco had that special aura about them
My Tomas Vu Interview. In 2011, Vu made his first laser-engraved wooden surfboard, setting out to make 210, one for each of the Beatles' songs.
In Their Own Words Part I- The Black Classical Singer Experience. 
Permission Denied. Like Hand to God, Permission is outrageous and profane; like its predecessor, it can be seen as a sledgehammer attack on religion featuring violence and sex, albeit without as much bloodshed. But there the similarities end. Hand to God is inspired; Permission, alas, is not.
The Strange And Seductive Rituals Of Worry. Worriers like me are secretly devoted to mysterious rituals and superstitions. Although we're ordinary people living ordinary lives, we are caught up in peculiar dramas of obeisance.
Artists Discuss The Problem With The 'O' Word -- Outsider Art. 
Capital and Contradiction. The Venice Biennale is built on paradox and contradiction
Apichatpong Werasethakul's 'Cemetery of Splendour'. To watch an Apichatpong Werasethakul film is to be lulled into a dream state. His latest film, Cemetery of Splendour, which premiered at Cannes this week, immerses you in a surreal, and yet real, world on the line of wakefulness and sleep.
Why 'Millennial' Is A 'Garbage Phrase'. 
Marina Abramovic Says Jay Z 'Completely Used' Her. 
Meet Romaine Brooks, The 20th Century Woman Artist You've Never Heard Of. 
Francesca Zambello Extends Contract With Washington National Opera Through September 2018. Today, Washington National Opera (WNO) announced that Francesca Zambello will extend her term as Artistic Director for three years, through September 2018. She has served as the company's Artistic Director since January 2013 and as its Artistic Advisor since June 2011.
Confessions of a Serial Songwriter. I often say (and you've probably heard me say it), that when I started out in this business of writing songs I was twenty. Everyone else was twenty. Now I'm fifty-something and everyone else is five. I'm exaggerating about the five, but you know what I mean.
Missed 'Game Of Thrones'? Art Museum Uses Medieval Paintings In Hilarious Recaps. 
11 Fun And Fabulous Children's Books From Around The World. 
Mark Dendy Explores Social Issues at Joe's Pub. The Lower East Side has always been a playground for oddballs, creative types who diverge from Manhattan's mold. It's a quirky neighborhood filled with idiosyncrasies and secrets stuffed in blocks and buildings. These days, south of Union Square is trending, a wonderland of bars, movie houses, and restaurants that offer a refreshing contrast to Midtown.
San Francisco Film Society Embraces Innovation, Awareness. The San Francisco International Film Festival kicks off its theater takeover every late April. This year's opening night film was Oscar winner Alex Gibney's \Steve Jobs
'Bachelor' Host Chris Harrison's New Book Is The Best Terrible Guilty Pleasure Read. 
This Bud's for B. That's what BB King's friends call him
Feeding the Soul as Well as the Stomach. Deli Man is a lot of fun to watch. Not only does it provide a solid sense of history and the role of food in Jewish communities, there are poignant moments. One word of warning, however. Don't watch this film on an empty stomach.
I On Exceptional Living. Nikki's newest project, Flashback To The Future, will incorporate classic footage with new interviews, parties, and fabulous fun. She's on a mission to make old things new and take us all along for the journey. How will she do it?
Film Classics 101. Rarely have text and image united to form such cinematic perfection as in Alain Resnais' 1959 classic Hiroshima Mon Amour. A poetic duet of sight and sound, this remarkably intelligent film remains a heartfelt ode to love and loss and to the triumph of memory over forgetting.
Stage Door. Janet's tale, about a young married British couple in Northern England in 1961, is a strangely compelling look at the state of consumerism and love gone goofy. Equal parts social commentary and theater of the absurd, One Hand Clapping, at 59E59 Theaters, is a thoughtful and engaging dark comedy.
First Nighter. If it's offbeat revues you're after, make a beeline to the short-run Street Singer
Cassandra Wilson's Unique Holiday Tribute. Billie Holiday was born in Philadelphia in 1915, grew up in Baltimore, moved to New York, started to sing while still in her teens and soon changed music history as the inimitable Lady Day.
10 Crazy/Beautiful Things Happening In The Art World This Weekend. 
These Commencement Speeches Will Inspire You No Matter Your Age. 
Against Two-Tap Opera. The opera's conductor laughed when I told him. \I recall teaching one of my prot\u00e9g\u00e9s how to use a rotary phone; he kept looking for buttons to push.\ \Boy or girl?\ I quipped.
Misty Copeland Dances In New Film Toasting 75 Years Of American Ballet. Nearly a decade in the works, American Masters - American Ballet Theatre
Brown Bags to Stardom. 
Pornosophy. Is loving sex all that it's cracked up to be? Or is it the province of bad movies like Love Story (1970) or another sixties classic A Man and a Woman (1966). One of the nice things about a film like Richard Linklater's Before Midnight (2013) is that it shies away from loving sex.
Why Music? An Interview With Sheila E.. I sat in during rehearsal with Sheila and the youth. After the initial sound check, Sheila sat down on the edge of the stage and said
This Grrrl Power Video Game Is Everything That's Right About The '90s. 
One Street Artist Documents The Faces Of Disappearing Tradesmen In Morocco. We have been introducing and recounting street art stories for a number of years now online and in front of audiences, and we find that it never fails to surprise people who learn that many of the images they see on the street are of actual people who live in their community.
10 Times Artists Didn't Violate The Environment To Create Beautiful Art Outdoors. 
New Music Review. For those unfamiliar with the world of gaming, it may come as a shock to learn that video game soundtracks are actually a thing.
Theatre Makers. As subscriber-based audiences get older, it is imperative that theatre makers consider Millennial sensibilities when creating their work and marketing it out. If theatre is the \social art form,\ then it must communicate in a language that is relevant to its audience.
Mr. Biesenbach, Why Giving a Retrospective to Yoko Ono Instead of Fluxus (Whom She Copies) at MOMA?. Yoko Ono claims to be one of the pioneers of performance art but the truth is that her art is a conflation of 'ready-made' indexicality and a projection of her own persona into that same indexicality.
Top 5 Auctions This May in New York. After a record year for sales in 2014 -- artnet reported that the global fine art auction reached $16.1 billion -- expectations are high for the upcoming modern and contemporary sales in New York. This May, the auctions will bring an influx of art buyers from around the world to the city.
From Atlanta to Bushwick. The New York art scene isn't only about New York anymore
It Got Better. Directed by Jang Hee-Sun, My Fair Wedding is a curious, but ultimately triumphant documentary that was screened at CAAMFest 2015. Potential viewers should be aware that a huge amount of text is thrown up onto different parts of the screen so that, at times, it almost seems impossible to follow the film.
After Postmodernism. Emergence, a cross-disciplinary theory which deals with the way that higher-order complexity can arise out of chaos, presents a powerful new model for aesthetics. For Pearce, emergence opened a dynamic alternative to what he feels have been the reductive and culturally erosive tendencies of Postmodernism in art.
People At Work - Photographs by Tim Allen. 
A Story is Literally Bursting Off the Page in This Intricate Fairy Tale Photograph. 
Romeo and Juliet, Together Again, Thanks to San Francisco Ballet. When a company's principal dancers and soloists are this excellent, your choice of casts often comes down to those whose acting ability or personal style/charisma grabs you.
Women In Sitcoms Are Getting A Lot More Three-Dimensional. And That's A Good Thing.. 
Art Digest. What a month in the art world
Natalie Arnoldi. 
Voyeur Theatre Collective. Red solo cups are not the stuff of sonnets. There is no poetry in sweaty basements. The millennial party experience has remained a fairly untouched source material for fine art, suggesting tailgates have no place in the theatre.
Escaping War Saved My Life. Song and Dance Saved My Soul.. Whenever I feel a darkness creep into my soul, I sing, dance and play music on the adungu, a traditional hand-held harp of northern Uganda. It always works, the darkness recedes. Art is my detox.
10 Science Fiction Writers Predict What The Next 10 Years Will Bring. 
Confucius or Confusion?. Does wisdom come with age? It's often said that the Chinese, for example, respect the elderly and revere age in a way that is foreign to Americans who treat age as a burden.
How Cultural Bias And Sexism Catapulted The Period Photo That Broke The Internet. 
The Musical Ragtime Is Right for the Times. Ragtime uses song to weave together stories of early twentieth-century New York from three very different perspectives -- African Americans in Harlem, immigrants from Eastern Europe, and upper-class suburban whites.
Andy Warhol Made A Mistake That Resulted In Some Of His Best Paintings. 
'Express Yourself  - Why Expression Is One Of The Most Critical Parts Of A Fashion Photo   Shoot'   by Emily Soto. 
The Big Problem With How We Talk About Sex And Gender. 
The Arts and Arts Education Are Part of the Solution. We are in a springtime of mixed messages in America. Some graduation ceremonies feature stories of great opportunity by commencement speakers, while others are solemn events where graduating seniors are simply processed out the door toward an uncertain future.
40 Inspirational Photography Quotes... and 10 Funny Ones. 
Adventures in Instagram Land. My advice to artists is  \INSTAGRAM it.\  I started with Instagram after Oliver Luckett, who recommended it, said to me \just feed it.\ Just like the White Rabbit of Jefferson Airplane, \Feed your head.\ The rabbit hole of Instagram is a cool way to get support for an artist.
Photography Series Spotlighting Iconic Women Over 70 Proves The Best Is Yet To Come. 
First Nighter. Jonathan Miller's 1997 production of The Rake's Progress, revived at the Metropolitan Opera House for the first time since 2003, and around for only two additional performances, eschews the look.
Stage Door. German composer Kurt Weill was no stranger to Nazi harassment. A prominent and popular Jewish composer, he fled to Paris in 1933. Well known for his theater hits, such as The Threepenny Opera and Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny, he soon headed to the safety of New York.
Outbursts of Genius in San Francisco Ballet's Romeo and Juliet. Helgi Tomasson's Romeo and Juliet made a comeback at San Francisco's War Memorial Opera House last night, buoyed by a vivid and sensitive performance of the Prokofiev score by the San Francisco Ballet Orchestra, under the electrifying baton of Martin West.
Presenting Rock Impressario Bill Graham. The legendary rock impresario Bill Graham was not a particularly observant Jew. There is nothing specifically Jewish about the bands he worked with, such as the Grateful Dead or the Rolling Stones, or the venues in which he produced concerts, such as at the Fillmore (East and West) and Winterland arenas.
Victorian Boredom at Tate Britain. The show starts with a display of coins and medals that refers to the way Victorians wanted to appropriate Imperial Roman imagery. Visually these medals are disappointing and confusing.
10 Lessons For The Artistic Soul. You can't run away from your own entity. Why not embrace it? Learning and truly loving yourself is one of the best decisions you can ever make. Trust me.
First Nighter. It's been said that theater emanating from repressed societies is the most pungent. You certainly believe it's the god's honest truth at Trash Cuisine, which the Belarus Free Theatre -- free only by some definitions -- is presenting at La MaMa.
Daniel Lanois. \Should one be so lucky to find something they are good at, then pursue it with full passion, man.\ Spot-on advice from one of the world's most sought-after producers Daniel Lanois, who forwards wisdom from the legendary Brian Eno.
Stunning Photographs of Postwar Italy Revive The Spirit of A Bygone Era. 
Ellen Weider. As many creatives embrace new technology to enhance or supersede mediums that are centuries old, others continue to find inspiration in the tactility of pencil on paper, oil on canvas -- or in the case of Ellen Weider, the technique of drypoint.
Why The Best Painting At The Guggenheim This Summer Was Made By A Third Grader. 
Ted Gioia's Bar Talk. How many club owners would ask Lady Gaga or Keith Jarrett to play for free? None. Why? Because both artists can generate ticket sales and bar receipts that exceed their fees -- a mutually beneficial arrangement for both the club owner and the artist, which is how it must be.
Don't Think I've Forgotten. Malik Bendjelloul's Searching for Sugar Man and John Pirozzi's Don't Think I've Forgotten
Finding Spirituality in the Diaspora. Tanya Hartman is a storyteller. Her work, in all its varying disciplines (painting, crafting, mixed media) covers a large swath of ground, ensuring all the details of her tales are taken into account.  So That I May Carry You With Me is an exquisitely detailed pastiche at the Daum Museum in Sedalia, Missouri.
Soldiers, Superstars, Coachella and PTSD. He's photographed Daniel Craig, supermodels and AK-47-wielding, crack-crazed Sierra Leonean rebels. He's created poster campaigns for King Kong, Casino Royale and over 150 other major films.
Unapologetic Self-Portraits That Shatter Perceptions Of Disability. 
#EmojisInTheWild Is Taking Over Instagram. 
Ballet Meets Urban Grit In One NYC-Based Photographer's Instagram Account. 
Libraries Are Paving The Way For Cultural Unity. The lack of diverse children's books published annually does not reflect the rich cultural tapestry that surrounds us.
Ukraine. As an idealist, I always like to assume that radical revolutions will inevitably cultivate a kind of \counter-culture\ in opposition to the establishment and prevailing norms.  Take, for example, the Mexican Revolution with its mural art, or even the Russian Revolution.
Ren\u00e9e Fleming Triumphs on Broadway. Your intrepid reporter has traveled far and wide to see opera before, but this was his most challenging assignment yet
Big Voices in Small Theater -- Part 2. Small theater is one of the most welcoming places for fresh new voices. In this series I will begin to prove why.
Where There Is Suffering, There Is Art. This weekend, a few dozen New Yorkers attended an event at Tibet House
Equity's Union-Busting Tactics. It's a perfect example of \divide and conquer\ that will ultimately lead to the decline of L.A. theater. Why? Because talented young actors, fresh out of drama school or college, will be unable to form their own companies with their colleagues.
First Nighter. Synchronicity can be a scary, shocking and ominously timely thing.  Only days after Barack Obama apologizes for a drone killing hostages held by al Qaeda in Pakistan, George Brant's Grounded opens.
Yes, These Are Photographs Of Actual Caves And Icefalls On Planet Earth. 
Living on Love. 
This Artist's Murals Return Color To Prisoners' Lives. 
Inside The Strange And Beautiful Bromance Of Dal\u00ed And Disney. 
This Venice Biennale Is Dedicated to an Artist Who Evokes the Eroticism That Lies Underneath Self-Destruction. His conceptualism achieves somethings apparently impossible which is to be experienced at an emotional level. The way, however, his work has been read till now, insists on transforming his pieces into a visual representation of some aspects of continental social philosophy.
Life's a Rush. In the throes of fighting for her life, Margolin revels in vivid memories of her youth, unscheduled raptures far from the enforced multitasking of today. And where she now finds herself is where she would have hoped to be.
When One Of The World's Most 'Insider' Galleries Hosts An 'Outsider' Art Show (NSFW). 
On the \A\ w/Souleo. There was the body of a civil rights leader shot down, and rising from that tragedy would be the bodies of young and motivated African-American dancers ready to lead the charge of challenging racism head-on in the world of dance.
Even The Most Well Known Authors Know A Snub Is A Snub Is A Snub. 
Hyperrealistic Drawings Ask Viewers To Take A Closer Look At Homeless Communities. 
A Pioneering Contemporary Collection Travels to S\u00e3o Paulo. The Inhotim Collection is billed as \the only Brazilian Institute with a world-class collection of contemporary art continuously on display.\
Relating to Race Over Dinner. Aside from the issues of dinner theater in general, there is a compelling reason to acknowledge that this experience of seeing and feeling the Tony award winning show \Memphis,\ is a surprising one in several ways.
What All Writers (And Human Beings) Should Keep In Mind. It's that time of the year again, when a super-packed schedule of French film premieres reigns at the Directors Guild of America in Los Angeles, where sold-out crowds of cinemaphiles, Francophones and Frenchies unite.
Portraits Of Famous Artists, And The Cats That Kept Them Sane. 
Pulitzer Prize Winning Play, and a Winning Director, Too. The Pulitzer Prize for Drama was given to the writer of a fast and funny and poignant new American play that I had the good fortune to see, Between Riverside and Crazy.
The Never Ending Journey of the Independent Artist. Independent art requires courage and persistence and a commitment to engage the world, to promote and market the work.
On Rachel Rampleman's Girls Girls Girls. Rachel Rampleman introduced me to the NYC-based, all-ladies M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce tribute band, Girls Girls Girls one Saturday night in early 2014 during a visit to her Brooklyn studio. The band was getting ready to play their last show and I was invited to witness the final act.
At Tribeca. Some of the tales are bawdy, some tragic, numerous are of greed, and many flow forth with tears and laughter only true love can elicit. Here's an unvarnished view of a battered world that's soon to be rejuvenated by the Renaissance, but not yet.
Blinds and Bells. At Haegue Yang's exhibition at the Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art in Seoul, \Shooting the Elephant \u8c61 Thinking the Elephant,\ the visitor will encounter installations and sculptures composed of bright brass bells, electric fans, light bulbs, and Venetian blinds, all involved in a dance of movement, light, texture, and sound.
Todd Williamson Creates a Zone of Tranquility at The Rymer Gallery. The flourishing visual art scene in Nashville is not just the glitz and glam Music City you've seen in the tv show Nashville. This is a city filled with contemporary art galleries commanding the attention of a broad, educated, and well, wealthy audience.
100 Walkers\ Subverts in West Hollwood on April 18. It's disingenuous that nobody walks in LA--we have a become a stroller's paradise, with art walks abounding in every neighborhood.
An Artist Confronts His Possible Futures. Following the death of both parents, 46 year-old artist Philip Toledano decided to confront his own future... by ordering a DNA test.
Cellist Zuill Bailey - On Nico Muhly and Ernest Bloch. Cellist Zuill Bailey's latest recording, Muhly & Bloch, combines the world premiere recording of Nico Muhly's Cello Concerto with Ernest Bloch's Schelomo and Three Jewish Poems.
\Ways of Treating Buildings in Order to See Them\. In 1992, Emily Harvey, a New York gallerist known for her support of the international avant-garde community, conceived of The Cast Iron Court Corporation Group Show, a curatorial project to be held in her SoHo building, 537 Broadway/110 Mercer Street, the last of George Maciunas's 16 Fluxhouses. It was an exhibit that somehow never materialized.
Theater. Two musicals set in Paris opened on Broadway within four days of each other. Both are shows that began as musicals created for the movies, something almost unheard of today unless you're an animated princess.
Hofesh Shechter's 'Untouchable' at the Royal Ballet, Sandwiched by Sturdy Classics. Tuesday night's performance of Four T's was not as uniformly bracing as generally seen across the pond, though Robert Clark on piano and the Royal Opera House orchestra under Barry Wordsworth gave a crisp account of the Hindemith score.
Miami Art, Not Miami Vice, Attracts Aficionados. Two people walk into a bar... and find an exquisite Sir Henry Moore marble sculpture mounted on a pedestal in a fountain adorning a five-star hotel lobby's atrium. It's not your typical joke punchline.
Aisle View. Seekers of provocative, invigorating and entertaining theatre--musical or dramatic--will find it at Circle in the Square. To those who think that Fun Home doesn't sound like their sort of entertainment
The 7 Lamps of Architecture Criticism. In December, Architect magazine columnist Aaron Betsky listed his \best and worst\ events from 2014. Among the \reasons to despair,\ he announced, was \The New York Times' abandonment of serious criticism of architecture.\
15 Color-Drenched Photos That Will Make You Taste The Rainbow. 
Photographer Captures Absolutely Mind-Bending Crowd Shots From EDM Festivals. 
Michael Govan and Dave Hickey Discuss Land Artist Michael Heizer's 'City'. In contrast, there are few images of Heizer's current project under construction, as the site is not yet open to the public. Govan shows us two aerial images, one of the \City\ site, and the other of the Washington D.C. National Mall.
O'Casey's Plays Return to Stage at Philly Irish Theater. O'Casey, one of Ireland's greatest 20th century playwrights, appeared as a natural choice for the theater to produce three of his greatest works starting this spring with The Shadow of a Gunman.
Emily Johnson Shares SHORE in Lenapehoking/New York City. Emily Johnston / Catalyst launches the Lenapehoking (New York City) installment of SHORE on Sunday April 19th, with gatherings and events taking place at various locations April 19-26, and performances at New York Live Arts happening April 23-25.
For the Love of People. 
Selling Impressionism. On a cool, damp spring morning in London, it is a great pleasure to walk into the National Gallery to bask in the sunny landscapes of Monet, Pissarro, and their friends.
This Year's Activist Awards Showcase Some Of The World's Most Impactful Photography. 
Photography Perspectives and Tricks. 
What Happened When Two Artists Used Snail Mail To Explore Our Obsession With Data. 
This Awesome Self-Portrait Project Puts the 'Terrific' in 'Hipsterrific'. 
The Light in the Piazza. McVicar's choice to treat the operas as two separate pieces is interesting. Yes, they're two different pieces by two different composers, but they share multiple common themes. Pagliacci's composition was, in fact, inspired by Cavalleria.
Profoundly Bizarre Drawings Confront The State Of Racism In America Today. 
First Nighter. he sequence encapsulated everything Schwartz needed to say to make her dramatic point.  Were it to stand alone, lyricist Schwartz and composer-lyricist Almond would be in good stead.
Meet The Anonymous Artists Behind The Digital Print Pseudonym, Frank Moth. 
An American in Paris On Broadway. As An American in Paris opens at the Palace Theater, a Nazi flag seemingly draped over an entire city, drops down and floats away. The city is Paris, its narrow streets dour until we get to a caf\u00e9, where an American soldier, Jerry meets an American composer.
Blood Ain't Always Thicker Than Water. Two recent stories (one on film, the other onstage) highlight the role an extended family can play in the lives of ordinary people. While the situations in these two stories are wildly different, they point to the need for connection and inclusion as well as a sense of spiritual, intellectual, and emotional intimacy.
Finding 'Home' in Laura Borneman's Mixed Genre Work. Laura Borneman hails from Buffalo, New York, and has finally, after years of wandering, \returned home.\ By this I mean, she has returned to living in Buffalo, New York, after years of wandering around the United States; and her work quite tangibly is all about the idea of \home.\
Art as Investment. In February, the art market was shocked by the news that Marina Picasso, granddaughter of Pablo Picasso and heiress to about 10,000 works by the artist, plans to sell an indefinite number of works to finance and broaden her philanthropy.
Bill Nighy and Carey Mulligan Renew Old Lovers' Quarrels. Breaking up may be hard to do, but getting back together is near impossible, though Bill Nighy and Carey Mulligan give it a game try with searing performances in a spirited and caustic revival of Skylight, David Hare's one-night stand of lovers' recriminations.
Aisle View. There's a rip-roaring, malevolently Machiavellian, viciously nasty, blood-letting saga of intrigue and incest on view just now. No, not in the cloistered cloakrooms of the U.S. House of Representatives; no incest there, presumably.
First Nighter. Reviewers are not expected to be kind but to be fair.  Every once in a while, though, a reviewer feels the need to be kind.  Clinton The Musical (note no colon) has generated that feeling in me.
One Artist Imagines What Our Urban World Would Look Like After The Next Ice Age. 
Death and the Dysfunctional American Family. Two recent productions by small theatre companies in Berkeley focused on fictional American families with more than enough misery to go around.
Theater. The king must have a son. That's the simple, overriding fact that powers the action of the new drama Wolf Hall; that and the fact that King Henry VIII (Nathaniel Parker) has a wandering eye and once he's had a woman he loses interest.
David Allan Peters at Ameringer | McEnery | Yohe. David Allan Peters, has been building heavily layered paintings that he carves into to reveal rich stratigraphies of color. Kaleidoscopic in their intensity, Peters' works are both intuitive excavations and explorations of pattern.
Is Borecore The New Normcore, Or Just The Way We Live Now?. 
EverydayClimateChange. 
Millie Brown's Post-Abstract Expressionist \Rainbow Body\ (PHOTOS). Millie Brown's \Rainbow Body\ presents the evolution of the artist's most recognized methods of performance-based painting.
An Avant-Garde Master Gets a Belated Retrospective in Zurich. While much of Schawinsky's time at the Bauhaus was a formative creative period, it also impressed upon him how inseparable art was from the political culture around it.
Running in Tap Shoes. \Watch out,\ Janine Molinari laughs, flashing me a megawatt smile. \They're gonna come at you!\ No sooner has the acclaimed choreographer-director-dance teacher spoken than her students, 20 of Broadway's finest child performers, come barreling toward me.
Ran Blake and Film Noir. An extraordinary improvising musician who styles himself a \noir pianist,\ Ran celebrates his 80th birthday on August 20 this year. He can look back, and indeed forward, at a life spent entirely in music as a performer and as an educator.
Sinatra's Centennial Year To Be Honored With Special NYC Concert. 
An Eye-Opening Look At School Playgrounds Around The World. 
Music I (Mostly) Hold Dear. The String Quartet was initiated by Joseph Haydn. His pieces were written for, and performed by, the educated amateur, often an aristocrat and his friends and family. It was parlor music in the best sense of that phrase.
This Gorgeous 'Live' Sculpture Explores History's Obsession With Hair. 
Sharjah Biennial 12. The plaintive cry of the mizmar undulates through the air. Ahead of the musicians, four men, impeccably dressed in high street fashion, lead the funeral procession with heads held high. But they don't walk in mournful solemnity. They strut.
Are Basquiat's Brooklyn Notebooks and Kahlo's Painful Detroit Experience of Any Artistic Value?. I believe that Diego Rivera's and Frida Kahlo's frescoes, currently at the Detroit Institute of Arts and Jean Michel Basquiat; The Unknown Notebooks, currently at the Brooklyn Museum since last Friday, are examples of a curatorial trend in which the life of the artists is transformed into the source of artistic value of the art displayed.
David Rockwell's New York City. To celebrate Rockwell Group's 30th anniversary, Crane.tv sat down with the founder and creative mind of the architecture firm, to talk about four projects that have shaped his career as much as the city.
As Important as the Intended Artwork Is Selecting the Right Print Studio or Foundry. Art is often a solitary pursuit but, sometimes, even the most reclusive artists must seek out the help and services of others.
Why We Must Value Languages. If we don't actively counter the forces of cultural homogenization, the morbidity and mortality rates among languages will continue to climb.
Drive-Thru 2. The Drive-Thru is a natural subject for me as I like to paint places that people don't go to be there, this one is a drive-thru pharmacy.
Inside The Mind Of The World's Naughtiest Children's Book Illustrator. 
Magic To Do. Two new documentaries show how acting affects different types of personalities. One focuses on an unusual group of Chinese students involved in a musical theatre project in Hong Kong. The other pays tribute to one of the greatest talents (and egos) in the history of film and theatre.
The Composers Speak. These writers have made their names in musical theater, but they value the opportunity to compose and be recognized for their choral music.
Anna Deavere Smith on the 44th Jefferson Lecture and the Search for American Character. Humanities, the arts, words, culture, character, the language that people really speak when they speak to each other -- oh, these are creatively deep waters for somebody like Anna Deavere Smith to swim through.
Forgiveness for Mother and Child. 
Modern Movies And TV Shows Get The 80s VHS Covers You Didn't Know They Needed. 
From Here to 'Afar'. That feeling of being in two places, two time periods, at once, is part of the experience of a remarkable exhibit on view through May 24 at the Contemporary Jewish Museum in San Francisco (CJM), a video and sound installation by Hungarian artist P\u00e9ter Forg\u00e1cs.
First Nighter. Would the 21 dancers of Flexn, directed by Reggie (Regg Roc) Gray and Peter Sellars, object to their movement styles being described as break-dancing hiked to another level?
La Sapienza. It's in fact part of the narrative that Rome's Sant'Ivo alla Sapienza is at first off limits, much like the recondite knowledge of heaven, earth and esthetics that's the film seeks to explore.
20 Photographs That Prove Negative Space Can Be Positively Gorgeous. 
Syzygy, an Alignment of Two Aesthetic Visions. The idea behind this exhibition is one of hope, one that combines classical painting techniques of the past and brings them with us into the 21st Century, into what we call a post contemporary paradigm.
EMS Nude Survey 1 Opens April 3. While some of the images may have local bluestocking blue-hairs clutching their pearls before the scales fall from their eyes, the less provincial and parochial will be able to appreciate what Swenson calls humanity's most fundamental drive -- sexuality, seen through the eyes of over thirty artists.
Art Digest. Wokka-wokka-wokka-wokka. I'm taking a break from the amazing Pac-Man Google Maps take-over to bring you what's buzzing in the art world. Read up and own the cocktail party this weekend! Here are our favorite stories of the week.
Interview With Yan Pei Ming. Yan Pei Ming is, perhaps, one of the best examples of what it means today to be an artist in a global world -- where human beings, in a particularly dramatic way, are confronting experiences of solitude and death.
Photographer David Yarrow Brings a South Sudanese Cattle Herd to the Las Vegas Strip. Yarrow tells us he is always looking for the perfect combination of angle, light and composition that will allow him to achieve his goal of \one moment of excellence.\ His audience laughs when he declares that in this process, he \takes more bad pictures than the rest of you put together.\
This Is What An Affair Looks Like (NSFW). 
First Nighter. You don't hear the term \grand opera\ much anymore. That's if you hear it at all. But it's going to be revived right now in regards to the opening night performance of Giuseppe Verdi's Don Carlo at the Metropolitan Opera House.
Art, War, Gold. It's been exactly nine years since the glorious day when Michael Govan, the newly appointed Director of Los Angeles County Museum of Art, greeted a larger than usual crowd at a press opening in March of 2006.
Buckminster Fuller Talks 'The Geodesic Life' In Rare, Animated Interview. 
Explosive Illusions. The sun was up. A weekday. Seemed the perfect moment to cycle over to see the new blockbuster exhibit of Diego Velasquez, the 17th century Spanish master whose works are scarcely known in France.
The Art of Activating Archives. Someone who is at home walking the streets south of 14th Street, the cobblestones of Greenwich Village and SoHo and the black-top of the Lower East Side.
Quietly Looking at These Beautiful Bodies at the British Museum in Times of Grindr. I truly believe that the exhibition Defining Beauty
The Mayhem Of 'Murphy'. Most of us have heard of \Murphy's Law\ by now.  It goes; \Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.\  It most circumstances the outcome of \Murphy's Law\ is little more than a minor inconvenience.
Celtic Canadian Connections. Like the folk musics of Spain and North America, the music of Wales has a long and deep connection with that of Ireland; from the bardic schools of the middle ages, which sent harpers and singers between them, to today's folk revival, the two countries have influenced each other unceasingly for centuries.
The Worlds of Art and Activism Collide. Noah Fischer has been working to expose the exploitative labor conditions that the Guggenheim has undertaken building its museum in Abu Dhabi, and is a strategist and organizer of direct actions on the topic of debt.
Atlantic for Kids Brings Lisa Loeb's Musical and More to NYC. As arts education continues to get cut across the country, someone needs to pick up the slack. There need to be more affordable shows that parents can take children to see.  So I am happy that Atlantic for Kids exists.
'A Hundred Tons of Memory'. During the spellbinding evening, Pamuk mentioned that he does not really believe in utopias in general, and said that humanity has created \a hundred tons of memory,\ but only one hundred grams of utopia.
How The Rise Of The Middle Class Shaped American Folk Art. 
The Art Money 20. 
Paul Rand. Perhaps the most recognizable poster created by Paul Rand is the one he made for IBM, with its clean iconic triad, the eye, the bee, with the alphabet letter M, striped to match the body of the bee, to complete the rhebus.
These Stunning Vintage Car Photos Will Make You Feel The Wind In Your Hair. 
60 Years Of Jane Doe Portraits Give Nameless Women The Attention They Deserve. 
Does Ballet Have a Color?. It is so odd to feel like an outsider on an issue that touched my life so profoundly and was at least a part of what Arthur Mitchell set out to address 46 years ago when he and Karel Shook cofounded The Dance Theatre of Harlem in the basement of a church in Harlem.
The Evocative Photos Of Aleksandr Rodchenko, Who Changed The Way We See Photography. 
Using Urban Observation to \Ghost-Bust\ Cities. I saw a ghost, of a missing building from a boyhood memory -- something that Amazon might have retrofitted, today, if it were still there for the taking.
Watch A Love Story Unravel As Two Male Dancers Break Your Heart With Their Muscular Bodies. 
Step Inside The Middle East's Hippest Art Neighborhood. 
Exclusive Video. At last week's big soiree to celebrate Stockard Channing's prolific career, it seemed very fitting to call the event, \Six Degrees of Stockard Channing.\ In fact, after much calculating, it was discovered that Channing can be linked to every show on Broadway within six degrees.
Comedian Robert Dubac Talks About Settling Down, What Women Really Want and Performing His One-Man Show. I noticed immediately when I met him that Robert Dubac has a warmth about him that you don't expect from a comedian; maybe it's a result of his choice to live in Telluride, Colorado or perhaps its due to the fact that he is really a deep thinker with philosophical thoughts evident in his comedy.
The Mesmerizing Photographs of Eva Schlegel Arrive at Park Hyatt Vienna. Eva Schlegel is best known for her photographic portraits that focus in front or behind her subjects, but never on the subjects themselves. These create blurry images that are distinctly human, but devoid of self.
Night at the Museum. On Thursday, The Guggenheim Museum hosted its annual Young Collector's Party.  The evening supported The Guggenheim Museum in its pursuit to procure works by emerging contemporary artists.
Ryder Ripps. 
Connecting The Misogyny Of The Internet To The 'Super-Male' World Of Sculpture. 
Back to the Future. When I first started creating an original folk opera, 1854, I knew I would need to do a lot of research.  After all, I was writing about a specific time on Martha's Vineyard that was populated with historical characters, many of whom still had family living on this island.
Midcentury in Paris. Much like the 1970s punk rock scene belonged to New York and Los Angeles was the birthplace of 1950s film noir, no locale is more synonymous with Modernism than Paris. Aspiring and established artists alike flocked from around the world to access the creative energy.
New Music Review. From the first few rhythmic beats of the opening track, \Go Far,\ I was hooked. Soulful sound? Check. Appealing, familiar tonality? Check. Thought-provoking and inspiring lyrics? Check.
Notes on Moonlust by The Holydrug Couple. Sacred Bones Records here in Brooklyn is one of my favorite record labels to emerge in recent years. One of their latest releases is Moonlust by The Holydrug Couple.
Standing Ovation for 'KODO' at BAM. Truly Mr. Bando with 'KODO' producer Nobuyuki Nishimura achieved this with their amazing ensemble of 15 performers, who transformed from dragons to musician's, from athletes to actors. With excellent choreography by Kazumi Boy and lighting design by Kenichi Mashiko, the stage was truly trafficking magic.
A 'Beautiful' Match Made In Musical Heaven. 
Director Scott Schwartz Takes on Disney's Hunchback. It is unclear what the future holds for this Hunchback. Another Disney project, Newsies, went from Paper Mill to Broadway not so long ago. The same could happen for Hunchback, but then it could not. For his part, Scott Schwartz is just enjoying the ride.
Recognize The Importance (And Beauty) Of H2O In Honor Of World Water Day. 
You're Probably Suffering From Mind-Blowing Content Nausea Right Now. 
Street Artist Alice Pasquini On The Magic Of Creating Art In Public Spaces. As an artist who works outside, you always have one problem
The Lomax Connection. The group's challenge was familiar to anyone in traditional music
What Bacteria And Smell Have To Do With Feminism Today. 
Love and Murder. Sean E. Zilke's new play is at once an indictment of the animalistic horrors committed by the human race and, adversely, the unbreakable bonds of a loving family. Through this production we are given a rare peek into the endless potential of an important creative voice.
Step Inside A Shipping Container And Speak Face-To-Face With Strangers Around The World. 
Why Do the English Insist on Showing Rubens If They Dislike Him So Much?. The Royal Academy's Rubens and His Legacy raises more questions than answers and make me wonder why the English find it so difficult to understand or even tolerate him. The clearest example of this confusion comes from the exhibition's fiercest critic, The Guardian's Jonathan Jones.
Yup, We Can't Believe These Were Taken Free of Charge Either. 
Iconic Surfaces. In Casselman's case, the familiarity with textures, coupled with the thick, tactile, earthy nature of clay that he manipulated with rubber and metal-edged \ribs,\ naturally and eventually carried over to his unique approach to painting, which he has been exploring for over twenty-five years.
Burkina Faso's Brick Quarries. Burkina Faso is a small, landlocked country in West Africa, where American photographer David Pace spends time each year. Some of the areas Pace explores during his trips are the brick quarries.
Bernstein's Seemingly Simple Song. When I was eleven years old, my brother, who two years earlier had turned me on to Jesus Christ Superstar, played me MASS.
Student Actors, Now Read This!. For those of you who have been in the throws of the college audition process, things are finally beginning to wind down. You may now be twiddling your thumbs, having completed the whirlwind of applications, travel and a series of high stakes auditions.
Queen Victoria's Secret:Lifting the Fig Leaf. The cast of Michelangelo's \David\, taken from the original marble figure now in the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence, was an early and unexpected acquisition for the fledgling Museum at South Kensington.
Go Back Inside a Video Store...One Last Time. This nostalgic trip is superbly captured in Thomas Hodge's new ode to the videocassette era, VHS Video Cover Art, which contains over 240 full-scale video sleeves according to genre, just like an actual video store.
One Photographer-Dancer Is Taking Ballet Selfies All Across Berlin. 
First Nighter. Doug Wright loves to wrangle with deceased figures of greater or lesser fame, and in Posterity, at the Atlantic's Linda Gross Theatre, he comes up with a humdinger.
First Nighter. During the On the Twentieth Century revival -- a musical comedy vehicle about a vehicle -- any number of Broadway veterans, including Kristin Chenoweth and Peter Gallagher, are working at the top of their forms.  On the job and giving their all throughout, they're offering patrons plenty of cause to be entertained.
Actors Equity's Threat to Los Angeles Theater. A union that is over a hundred years old should not put itself at risk of splitting apart, simply because of a hidebound leadership mired in the past. While the union movement across the country is in a fight for its life, the last thing it needs is for union leaders to hasten its demise.
Stage Door. The Audience has some interesting moments and a first-rate cast, but it is hard to see its relevance to a U.S. audience. It's doubtful many Americans know Harold Wilson or Anthony Eden.  That doesn't detract from Stephen Daldry's solid direction or Bob Crowley's august set design.
Queen Victoria's Power. 
Handwritten Letters From Frida Kahlo, Andy Warhol, Alexander Calder And More. 
We Asked, You Answered. 
At Williams College, Andy Warhol Casts His Queer Eye On Books. 
On the Edge. Art Central has kicked off in Hong Kong, a day ahead of Art Basel - positioning itself not as a rival but as a satellite showcase for less established artists, as well as some of the giants of global contemporary art.
Bj\u00f6rk's First Music Video From Vulnicura Has Her Literally Baring Her Heart. 
Switzerland at the Geffen Playhouse. Crime novelist Patricia Highsmith was renowned for her intense psychological thrillers, particularly her series featuring the murderer Tom Ripley, but she was also known for her reclusive, abrasive and even hateful personality.
Envision Festival Costa Rica 2015. 
Love, Multiplied. 
Mons Pubescent. The Sports Illustrated issue has raised some eyebrows, but when you scour the newsstand to see what all the hullabaloo is about you almost need to be told that something provocative is going on.
5 Things to Know About Bjork's MoMa Retrospective. \How do you hang a song on a wall?\ This was Bjork's main concern when Klaus Biesenbach, current Chief Curator at Large at the Museum of Modern Art, first approached her about mounting an exhibition of her work, way back in the year 2000.
Painting Through Israel. What I find unique about painting on site is that I can observe and learn about a culture -- not only am I painting, but I am listening to the conversations and observing while also interacting directly with my subject.  The downside, at least on this trip were ants, flies, cats and rain.
Indecent Intentions. 
Manipulated Satellite Photos Reveal A Multicolored Universe Exploding With Geometry. 
Tomi Ungerer. While there were instances where one could reflect on the history Ungerer moved through, at other times, you could see your naked self reflected back in the work. There is an almost healing potion that absolves you of your pain by experiencing the Ungerer's placement of it.
Ron Arad's Riveting Car Sculptures Arrive At Paul Kasmin Gallery. Ron Arad may be known for the products he's designed in the past five decades, like the sleek Tom Vac chair he designed for Vitra in 1999 or the winding Bookworm shelf he created for Kartell in 1994, but in recent years the industrial designer has been exploring his artistic side.
A 3D Font That Reads Like Text, But Can Be Viewed Like Sculpture. 
Speaking With Somi. Last year I had the pleasure and honor to become acquainted with Somi, an amazing jazz singer who was then about to release her album, The Lagos Music Salon. I found her to be thoughtful, sincere, and an awesome talent.
Retired Det. Sonny Grosso Will be Smiling on St. Patrick's Day to the Pipes and Drums. On St. Paddy's Day, Sonny Grosso along with the Irish eyes of the late Det. Egan and his namesake Cardinal Edward Egan, who recently passed, will all be smiling down on New York.
The Readymade Is Already Made. Of the twentieth-century art gods (Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse, Marcel Duchamp, Jackson Pollock and Andy Warhol), Marcel Duchamp elicits no middle road. He is either revered as a godlike figure of contemporary art or disdained as a charlatan.
Is Disability In?. I look forward to the day when art imitates life and people with disabilities are not portrayed in film only as victims or the heroes, but also as the woman behind the counter, or the best friend, or the love interest. This is the true reality in our world. People with disabilities can be anyone.
This Is Lizzo, The Grrrl Rapper Who's Making No-Genre Music Just For You. 
This Abandoned House Will Be Entirely Filled With Flowers. 
Collected Stories. As time goes on (six years to be exact), two women go from teacher to student to friends to equals and finally rivals, as the unthinkable happens and a huge betrayal occurs.
Aisle View. The Audience gives us Ms. Mirren, but is likely to be a one-shot arrow. The star's performance is more than enough to carry the day, and carry the play, to surefire success; while Elizabeth The Queen has her supporters and her detractors, Mirren's canny and well-rounded performance is sure to garner unanimous huzzahs.
Happy Birthday, Stephen Schwartz!. Mr. Schwartz, thank you so much for your incredible music. It's brought me and countless others a great deal of joy and helped form incredible friendships that mean the world to us.
Here's The Dance Opera That's Being Filmed Inside A Particle Accelerator. 
Run, Don't Walk, to Final Days of Natvar Bhavsar Exhibit at Tower49 Gallery N.Y.C.. Rang Rasa incorporates two Sanskrit words that express an ecstatic spirituality achieved through color and the practice of one's art -- they also aptly define the aesthetic sensibilities and ethereal aspects of Natvar Bhavsar's work.
5 Things to Know About Hamdy Reda. Though known as a photographer, Hamdy in fact creates photographic works that capture a kind of durational performance art. He's taken, for instance, thousands of photos of the desert that describe the infinitely wide color range of that terrain.
Nasim Nasr's Zaeefeh (The Wretchedness) and Shadi (Happiness), GAGPROJECTS Adelaide/Berlin at the 2015 Art Dubai. What one extracts from both series hinges on the definition that one brings to art. So, as in the case of any one of the Zaeefeh pieces, a literal reading would be one of disrespect if not blasphemy, putting what amounts to graffiti on the portraits of shahs.
Surveillance.02. The second in a series, Surveillance.02 is an exhibit of interdisciplinary artists whose practices incorporate camera, satellite, and drone to question corporate and state surveillance, and energy production. It is the result of three seeds, planted over the course of the past year and a half.
Stage Door. Ambition can be both exciting and theatrical -- a challenge Lin-Manuel Miranda has realized to great effect in the clever and electric musical Hamilton, now off-Broadway at the Public Theater.
France Wants To Punish Facebook For Censoring A Painting of A Vagina. Terrible Idea.. 
Bj\u00f6rk Retrospective at MoMA, New York (VIDEO). The exhibition presents Bj\u00f6rk's oeuvre in many layers, with instruments, a theatrical presentation, an immersive sound experience, a focused audio guide, and related visualizations, from photography and music videos to new media works.
'Wet Hot American Summer... the play?', Garage Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Concept-wise, it's intelligent and daring. Intelligent because of the metanarrative (a play about a play) that informs the whole thing. Bold because it shows how two negatives make a positive. It uses source material that was a box office flop and a critical disaster.
First Nighter. George Bernard Shaw's Man and Superman isn't produced very often, in part because of its length.  To be more precise, the entire script isn't frequently staged.  The third act, \Don Juan in Hell\--the sequence often considered responsible for its ungainly length--is, however, excerpted more than occasionally.
Yup, We Can't Believe These Were Taken On An iPhone Either. 
The Reality Behind Nixon and Khrushchev's Kitchen Debate. To see how pictures can change the reality, and make the history, just take a look at before and after of an iconic photo taken by Elliott Erwitt unearthed in Magnum's \Contact Sheets\ documentary.
An Exile Artist From Iraq Paints Herself Into Ancient Illustrated Manuscripts. 
Eating Art. Off I went to the Lower East Side seeking nourishment at the new Castor Gallery, featuring young, upcoming artists.
Ayoub Qanir Takes Time to Cannes. What do you get when you mix a finance manager, artist, industrial designer, and a nanotechnologist? A film writer and director that knows how to steal Time.
The Case for Spotify. It's been a few years now since I began paying for Spotify's premium service, and to my enormous surprise I think I've been converted. Sure, I still buy some CDs and download albums that I think I'll want in my \permanent\ collection. But most of my listening these days has been on Spotify. And, I've begun to understand why.
Karen Finley Did It First. Blake Little's portraits of Craigslist models, a dog and a baby covered in honey are terrific. Beautiful work. But let's give credit to Karen Finley for the original idea... and for doing it first. Nearly 10 years ago, actually.
Sara Zielinski Interviews Sara Zielinski. In advance of her show ONLY IN HEAVEN, Sara Zielinski had the chance to ask Sara Zielinski a few questions about the unique nature of the show. It takes place in her apartment and features a wide variety of media.
Meet Hilary Knight, The Illustrator Who Brought To Life The World Of Eloise. 
How The World Of Crime Photography Has Changed Since 1920. 
Dustin Yellin Is Shredding $10,000 For The Sake Of Art, And It's Pretty Damn Beautiful. 
8 Fairs to Visit During Armory Week. Whether you're a film aficionado, a young collector, a fan of emerging art or merely interested in getting a finger on the pulse of what's going on in the art world at the present moment, there's plenty to do.
A Conversation With Luke Ingham, Principal Dancer at San Francisco Ballet. Luke appeared as the Nutcracker Prince in this season's opening night performance of the Tchaikovsky favorite. Yuan Yuan Tan joined him in the brilliant Grand Pas de Deux of Act II. The duo proved dynamic. \I'm at the stage where I still really enjoy doing Nutcracker,\ he said.
The Singapore Mikado in Brooklyn. On Saturday night I was delighted to see Theater 2020's The Singapore Mikado, an adaptation of that great work of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan.
Interview With Fernando Botero. The Fernando Botero (Medell\u00edn, Colombia - 1932) art collection is one of the 50 most important museum collections in the world. As a palette, paint, and brush artist, his hands have never stopped working.
The Oscars Of The GIF World Needs You. Kindly turn your attention to the only Vice-approved ceremony of awards season
(R)evolution as Contemporary Body. Unsettled Matter settles the matter of Unseen through the very timeliness of what is \seen\... the shadow of the authentic artist arising from under the eclipse of the 24/7 celebrity culture.
Carlos N\u00fa\u00f1ez Concert Honoring Alan Lomax's Spanish Fieldwork. Lomax, who lived in Europe for most of the 1950s because he had been blacklisted at home, loved Galician music, and  shared Carlos's belief that Galicia was essentially Celtic, which greatly colored his fieldwork.
The Entrepreneurial Pianist. It's with this same kind of lightness that he approaches the piano bench. His curly, rebellious and untamed hair plays its own part in this unusual pianist's performances.
Paul Taylor's Legacy Plan Champions Modern Dance. What is the life of a painting? In an artist's hands, a previously anonymous canvas and a random assortment of paint suddenly becomes not only an expression of an idea, but a commodity that often lives beyond the artist himself.
'The Real Thing', Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre at Long Beach, California. Mostly well done, Tom Stoppard's The Real Thing, directed by Sean Gray for the Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre, recounts the story of Henry (Noah Wagner), a brilliant and celebrated playwright.
Hand. Cannot. Erase. -- An Interview With Steven Wilson. His latest effort is a full-fledged concept album. Hand. Cannot. Erase. is nothing short of an epic tale\u00a0of modern-day isolation. Wilson wrote the songs from a female perspective, finding inspiration for the concept and story in the\u00a0fascinating case of Joyce Carol Vincent.
A Heavenly Match. The sight never fails to thrill
This Blessed Music Video Turns Doodling Into A Spiritual Experience. 
The Record Shop, Episode #2. Lewis, sitting at counter, reading Ulysses. Customer walks in, wearing jeans, t-shirt and a knit hat.
India's Biggest Art Star Is Not A Pipe. 
Adorable Photos Of Men And Cats Prove Few Things Are More Manly Than Cat Ownership. 
My Night Out. Broadway's Honeymoon in Vegas has the electricity of the city after which it is titled.
Anne-Sophie Mutter - A Profile of the Artist. \First of all, at every concert, I always think -- this could be my last. Therefore, I will give it everything I have.\
A Visit to Henri Matisse. After enduring intense surgery for his cancer, Matisse was bed- and chair-ridden and could no longer cultivate works through traditional methods of drawing and sculpting.  And so he picked up a pair of scissors and inevitably birthed a new medium of art.
The Immersive and Minimal Black & White Mountain Landscape Photography of Scott Rinckenberger. 
Opera Is Dead?. Recent catastrophes like the lockouts in Minnesota and Atlanta at least brought to the fore questions about how to fund these organizations, what can be cut and what can't be cut, what one community can manage (rather than a cookie-cutter approach), what a community needs and thus will stretch for.
Don't Rain on Her Parade. It seems Kimberly was destined to play bold, brassy, determined ladies of the twentieth century - -women who defied the odds of class, ethnicity and appearance to get exactly where they wanted to go.
Manhattan's 'Dry Line' Will Look Something Like This.... 
The Newly Renovated Harvard Art Museums. As I walked up the familiar steps and entrance everything seemed as it had been during my time as a student.  The inside, however, was quite different and the courtyard was bathed in light, still surrounded by some familiar artwork.
The Amazing London Museum You Never Heard Of. 
Autopsy of a Fraud. I just learned from Alexandra Hildebrandt Hoy, Fred Hildebrandt's daughter, that her father did not write a diary account of this Canadian camping trip with Norman Rockwell in 1934. By this account, the diary that Deborah Solomon refers to in her biography of my grandfather does not exist; it never did.
This Is The 'Degenerate' Art Once Banned By Hitler. 
Bellydancing Gave Her Confidence and a Pain-Free Body. Mention bellydancing to most Americans and they'll envision sultry slave girls in a James Bond movie or sex workers in a tawdry lap dance club.
The Last Five Years' Richard Lagravanese. With The Last Five Years, Lagravanese was aiming small. He wasn't seeking out the mall crowds but that bijou contingent of folks who can tell the difference between Kelli O'Hara and Patti Lupone.
A Living Room of One's Own. Western Society, like its namesake, actually requires your participation in the system to make meaning. Western Society has four performers -- like the four original viewers of the video -- who have now brought this slice of life reality to a broader audience.
The Threepenny Opera at A Noise Within. A Noise Within, one of the nation's premier classical repertory companies, has mounted an ambitious, if somewhat tame, revival of the Brecht/Weill classic.  With a solid ensemble cast, the company mounts a faithful and spirited rendition of the timeless Threepenny Opera.
First Nighter. Almost immediately after Tom Stoppard's new and intellectually thrilling play, The Hard Problem, at the National Theatre's Dorfman, begins, the just-about-peerless playwright has his characters discourse on the title's reference.  It's a good thing he does.
'Humans of New York'. Stanton is the author of a New York Times bestseller, with a Facebook page with 12 million followers and a partnership with the United Nations. But his story hasn't always been so glamorous.
London Says Goodbye to The Scottsboro Boys. At the end of the show, the cast sings \Say Goodbye to the Scottsboro Boys.\ It is an entertaining, show biz, but powerfully complex number, infused with anger. It grabs the audience. The actors have done what they have set out to do. They have told their story their way.
First Nighter. When Peter Barnes decided the ruling English class was nutty, he created Jack Gurney and wrote The Ruling Class, a hellzapoppin satire during most of which Gurney (James McAvoy) contends he's Jesus.
Meet Eric Dyer, The Modern Master Of The Zoetrope. 
BERLINALE 2015 EVENT. The quantum wave cresting for the past two years in Berlin collapsed in the EVENT that was the 65th Internationale Filmfestspiele Berlin.
Brett Novak. Looking at Brett Novak's work, the most astonishing thing is the beauty of his cinematic gaze. His videos act both as a reflection of and a medium between capturing the experience of skateboarding and different places and their spatial potential.
Helping Children Understand Ferguson... Through Art. 
These Gorgeous Maps Show The World's Great Cities From A Local's POV. 
The 10 most creative Instagram accounts to follow. 
Here's What The Insides Of Marriage Really Look Like, According To An Artist. 
Here's What Might Happen If Persephone, Goddess Of Spring, Were A Millennial. 
Lessons From the Spring Festival. Becoming a modern nation does not mean acquiring Western trappings wholesale. It does not mean discarding Chinese values. Today's China has roots that stretch back thousands of years and unite the Chinese as a people.
Obama's Presidential Library Will Look Something Like This.... 
Only in Ohio. When you think of a full orchestra backing up a contemporary musical act, you probably imagine an established artists like Lady Gaga, Bono or maybe Beyonce\u00b4 at the Grammys.
The Iceman Cometh. The house was packed, and after the performance concluded everyone stood on their feet to applaud passionately; the cast deserved no less than claps of thunder, the electricity permeated the room.
This Dark and Gripping Time-Lapse Captures San Francisco Like You've Never Seen it Before. Roiling fog, cars speeding across iconic bridges, late night cityscapes, all of these are commonplace in a city time-lapse. What makes Gotham City SF different is that all of this happens in black and white -- almost unheard of in time-lapse these days -- with an original soundtrack worthy of the next TRON movie.
When Photography Becomes More Than Just Taking Pictures. We wanted to take the best photograph ever taken in Myanmar.   My guide, MM, and I were tired of the same stale images being photographed of his country over and over.  We felt we could do something better and if not better at least more original. Of course we are as guilty as all the other photographers that took the same tried and true photographs, great images initially but ones that were starting to bore us.
Stage Door. The power of theater will be aptly demonstrated at the SoHo Playhouse, which is devoting three nights, February 19, 20 and 21, for \Breaking the Silence With Girl Be Heard\, a unique theatrical work that highlights the global issues surrounding violence against women.
The Rocky Road to Self-Awareness. Getting to know yourself better, deeper, and more intimately has fallen under all kinds of labels from meditation to masturbation, from navel gazing to spiritual grazing. The truth is, some people embrace self-examination while others are forced to confront themselves in a mirror.
Dennis Hare. I recently interviewed Dennis Hare, and asked him about his background, artistic development and influences.
Response. Millions of Americans tuned in for the Grammys, and many were dazzled, amazed, and touched by the emotionally-charged, nude leotard clad performance of Sia's Chandelier by Kristen Wiig and Maddie Ziegler.
First Nighter. When I was at college, a favorite pastime of mine was sitting around with a bunch of other procrastinators keen on determining the most important person of the 20th century.  I maintained it was Winston Churchill.
Demiurge. I have now and then heard artists likened to the demiurge - Plato's word for the divinity that made the cosmos. This never made a visceral impression on me until I saw how Assael paints. He summons an image the way the Genesis demiurge summons the universe.
Warning. 
Examining The Often Overlooked Wonder Of Bridges, Overpasses And Viaducts. 
Texas 'Draw the Prophet' Contest is Shameless Muslim-Baiting. 
10 Famous Paintings That Will Make You Feel Happy You DON'T Have A Valentine. 
A Valentine Homage To O'Keeffe And Stieglitz. Georgia O'Keeffe was a 28 year old Wisconsin farm girl; Alfred Stieglitz was a 52 year old New York bon vivant. Stieglitz intimately photographed his muse throughout their tumultuous, erotically charged marriage.
Boys Will Be Boys. What gives some musicals longevity and makes others fade from popular culture? No doubt, the demands for a viable book, an impressive score, and a high entertainment quotient are important.
X's and O's. Ballet to the People came equipped to X's and O's, the Berkeley Rep world premi\u00e8re of a play about violence in American football
PhiladelphiaTheatreCo. Celebrates 40 With Stars Aligned. The Philadelphia Theatre Company is marking its 40th anniversary season and weathering a rough season of solving ongoing fiscal problems. Meanwhile, the shows must go on, Sara Garonzik, PTC's artistic director said this week \and more\ as the company looks to the future with Theatre Masters Series.
The Mystery Of Vivian Maier, The Most Famous Street Photographer No One Actually Knows. 
Thefts Are an Ever-Present Problem at Arts and Crafts Fairs. 
Music I (Mostly) Hold Dear. I was occasionally in the presence of the wonderful photographer Irving Penn in the 80's. I will never forget a simple statement he made then, \I keep getting better the older I get because I do learn more as I go along.\
Forget Roses, These Japanese Flower Sculptures Will Blow Your Valentine Away. 
Never-Before-Seen Works By Surrealist Master Salvador Dali, On View Now. 
Nude Photography, By Women Of Women For Women. 
These 21st Century Harem Portraits Break All The Rules. 
Meet Andr\u00e9s Jaque, The Winning 'Young Architect' Set To Take Over MoMA PS1. 
DANCE REVIEW. Balanchine's chivalrous comportment with Farrell was a memorable treat for audiences in 1965. Fifty years later, former NYCB principal dancer Wendy Whelan made the marvelous and somewhat offbeat decision to launch her post-ballet career squired not by male cohorts, but by a roster of well-selected choreographers dancing in their own creations.
Unspeakable Hope. So often plugged in and invested in distraction, who will be our poets? So many seek to live through the experiences of others, maniacal about sharing snippets of their lives, but in curated photos of a desired life, an avoidance of the present. What of the moment of experience?
Mortality. That first night, when everyone buzzed around the hospital, I thought about whom I'd give my books to. I thought about who'd miss me the most. I thought who'd take care of Doris. No one. Nothing. Blank. Blank.
Unknown Sketch Of Vincent Van Gogh (And Both His Ears) Discovered In Scrapbook. 
Sarah Elise Abramson. Photographer Sarah Elise Abramson's aesthetic is at the intersection of the poetic and unsettling, the creepy and beautiful, the subversive and classically Romantic.
The Art And Science Hybrid That Has Artists Helping To Identify Crime Victims. 
A High-Def 'Selfie' With the Arts and Humanities. Technology is, in fact, a great place to start. If technology really did simply feed into an \upgrade culture\ -- obsessed with smaller, smarter, faster, sharper --then there would be one universal gadget for everyone. One ussie.
Paul Gauguin at Fondation Beyeler (VIDEO). The exhibition Paul Gauguin at Fondation Beyeler in Riehen (Basel, Switzerland) is one of the highlights of the art year 2015. The show brings together about fifty masterpieces by Paul Gauguin from leading international museums and private collections such as the Mus\u00e9e d'Orsay, Paris.
First Nighter. If forgiveness is divine, what is the inability to forgive?  Joe Pintauro's hard-nosed Snow Orchid, at the Lion, doesn't provide an answer.  Instead, through the up-close-and-extremely-personal look at one severely dysfunctional family, it offers a relentless example of the absence of forgiveness.
How The Designer Behind Aaron Schock's Office Caught The Attention Of Capitol Hill. 
When Balloons Invade The Urban Landscape, Everybody Wins. 
Exclusive Interview With Photographer and Documentary Filmmaker Nora De Angelli. Nora de Angelli is a London-based freelance photographer and documentary filmmaker. Until 2011, when she graduated from London College of Communication's University of Arts, with an M.A. in Documentary Film under her belt, De Angelli was an accomplished research scientist.
London's Tate Modern Celebrates Marlene Dumas. Dumas's use of medium is refreshing and honest.\u00a0Her works feel vibrant and of today; her use of watercolour and paint, on humble paper and canvas, reflect both the poetry and poverty of a South Africa that connects to the raw beauty of its geography.
23 Valentine's Day Cards That Are Actually Works Of Art. They won't throw these cards away.
Brains and Bottoms. Paris has a new, state-of-the-art concert hall, something the French have been waiting for since they dispatched Louis XVI in 1793, thus making possible government- funded arts venues for the people.
New Combinations at New York City Ballet. \New Combinations\ was the perfect title for the program at New York City Ballet, which presented the world premiere of Justin Peck's \R\u014dd\u0113,\u014d
Small Houses With a Huge Sense of Style. Small is better, it seems -- at least in Chapel Hill, N.C. Hitching her wagon to a national trend toward tiny homes, an architect there recently unveiled her designs for the Micropolis.
How Hurricane Katrina Saved Some Of New Orleans' Most Historic Art From Obscurity. 
Are Painters' 'Reference Photographs' a Form of Cheating?. The anti-photograph school of artists can get strident in their beliefs, sometimes accusing other landscape artists whose work is too hard-edged or too contrasty for their liking of simply painting from photographs.
Flourishing Aboriginal Art. Recently I traveled up through the Northern Territory near Darwin to a prime site for rock paintings in and around Kakadu National Park. While my visits to expressive rock carvings and paintings were fascinating, I was most interested in seeing the art that is being produced in recent times.
Photographer Captures 100 Female Artists In Their Homes And Studios. 
(R)evolution in Berlin. Perhaps it was inevitable, by design, that Susan Sontag, who found her ultimate identity as a bridge between Europe and America, should inspire not one but two German symposiums on the ten year anniversary of her death.
Review. The Road to Damascus takes place in the not-too-distant future, giving us a glimpse in to the harsh possibilities that we seem to come so close to these days.
Photographer Captures Stunning Shots Of Babies Seconds After They've Left The Womb. 
Top 5 Solo Exhibitions to See This Season. From Beijing to Brooklyn, these five exhibitions spotlight some of the most conceptually thrilling, technically arresting artists working today.
Want To Be Less Materialistic? Take Part In This Experimental Art Project.... 
Photographer Allows Bacteria To Eat Away At Images Of The Cosmos, And These Are The Celestial Results. 
Why I Sing the Songs of Grace Jones -- Literally and Figuratively. From the age of three or four I knew I was different from the other little girls. I had a very low, husky voice; even lower than all the boys in my pre-school class.
What Might Have Been; Treaties and Nation-Building. Nation to Nation; Treaties Between the United States and American Indian Nations, the recently installed exhibition at the National Museum of the American Indian, is one of the most difficult and troubling exhibitions I've ever experienced. It is also the best history exhibition I've seen at the Smithsonian.
How A Friendship With Muhammad Ali Resulted In Some Of The World's Best Sports Photography. 
The Positive Impact Of Vaccines, In One Stunning History-Soaked Photo. 
'Duke Of Burgundy' Is The All-Female Erotic Drama You Need To See. 
Bloody Valentine. These aspects of the production were what made the adaptation work best for me. In film, special effects can make flying vampires look naturally at home in an otherwise realistic world. This is harder in an intimate theatre space.
Cuba Arts Journal. A vibrant culture is poised for its next great moment
Prologue To My Blog. 
Spirit of the Hawk. 
Tanya Habjouqa's 'Occupied Pleasures'. I first discovered photographer Tanya Habjouqa in Florence, where her photo exhibit was showcased during the Middle East Now Film Festival.
First Nighter. If you go by Ivan Turgenev's A Month in the Country, revived at Classic Stage Company, you might conclude the revered Russian literary man was more of a city lover.
CD Review. The Great Escape, by design or by happenstance, is perfect for Top 40 radio.  It's commercial and mainstream, while distinctive enough to avoid being classified as familiar or, worse, ordinary.
CD Review. I Am Love just released a self-titled album which reflects their personal tastes in music
You Probably Need This Vase 3D Printed In The Shape Of Your Face. 
The Work of Artists Is Not Play. When the public reads stories in the media about visual artists, it is all too often about art stars that are selling their works for six-figure sums or an item detailing glamorous parties on the art fair circuit.
A Brief Rant on the Exhaustion of the Avant-Garde, Zombie Formalism and What Contemporary Painting Needs to Move Forward. There is a deep need for art that is authentic, engaged with the world and more about skill and knowledge than ego. Representation, which has been so restricted for the past decade, has vast untapped potential, and can be \progressive\ in countless unexpected ways.
Jon Swihart. In the Fall of 2013 Jon Swihart, a scrupulous and preternaturally patient artist who lives and works in Santa Monica, was commissioned to create an oil portrait of Zamperini.
Tattoo Duo Brings Incredibly Intricate Cubist Illustrations To Flesh. 
Everyone Wants a Nudie Pic. The art world is heating up. Not only are auctions enjoying record-breaking sales at the high end, but a new crop of art hobbyists are creating a mass market for original art.
Entering Aurie Ramirez's Pinstriped, Glam Rock, Watercolor World (NSFW). 
Is It Art? Or, Is It Soup?. Lunch with Andy Warhol. Some thirteen years later, after the Fair, I was invited to join a half-a-dozen hip, arty, New York types for a midday meal with Andy Warhol. I pride myself on a surefire, rock hard memory. My mind's eye never lets me down.
Let Curiosity Back Into the Concert Hall. Reaching new audiences requires reaching outside of oneself, and beyond the conventional way of doing things. So at Fifth House Ensemble, we're always looking to collaborate with people who bring their own, unique talents to the table.
Is Innovative Art an Oxymoron?. What \Bull's Head\ did for art 70 years ago may have, knowingly or unconsciously relied on the same sensationalism as today's sensationalistic art, however the innovation level was an order of magnitude higher.
Meet 'Teacher,' The Futuristic Machine That's Going To Show You How To Draw. 
Letters of Sacrifice. \Letters of Sacrifice\ is Hassin's tribute to those who have fought and died for our country in all wars, but represents those who have fallen since that infamous September day almost 14 years ago.
Aisle View. Yes, this is obviously going to be another one of those actors-play-the-instruments affairs, which have become dime-a-dozen since John Doyle did it in 2004 with Sondheim's Sweeney Todd. In this Into the Woods, though, the device works well.
13 Quotes From Artists That Will Inspire You to Create. 
Bad Girls Don't Cry. In 2014, the San Francisco Silent Film Festival invited audiences to spend time with three women who, as a result of having defied parental authority, were forced to deal with severe repercussions to their rebelliousness.
One Girl. I hope I encouraged one girl to find the joy in putting even painful words on paper. I hope I sang something that will help one girl look in the mirror tomorrow and like herself a little more.
Setting the Stage. Now in its fifth year, the celebrated Asian art fair and its attendant events all around the city focus international attention to Singapore as a hub and an arena to discover art from all over Southeast Asia.
First Nighter. Although we may loathe the very suggestion, it's undoubtedly true that to some extent, we all eventually become our parents. Halley Feiffer believes we do to the most extreme extent.
Jane Wilson, Artist Of The Ethereal, Dies At 90. 
20th Century Best, Courtesy Albright-Knox Art Gallery. In celebration of its 150th anniversary, the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo organized a travelling exhibition, Gauguin to Warhol, which is currently on display at The San Diego Museum of Art.
What \u2018I Have A Dream' Looks Like To Detroit Artists. 
Photographs Of The Freedom Journey In 1965 Illuminate The Past's Connection To The Present. 
Matisse's Cut-Outs at MoMA and on Film/ Picasso and the Camera at the Gagosian. No surprise
'The Marvelous Wonderettes,' San Pedro Theatre Club, San Pedro, CA. It's panic time at the 1958 Springfield High School prom. The slated gig gets axed because one of the boys, a butt head, got caught smoking (Really, that's all he did?). The song girls, the Marvelous Wonderettes, come to the rescue.
Glorious Tumblr Examines The World From An Artwork's Perspective. 
Will Andres Serrano Sue Over Theft of Piss Christ Copyright?. 
This Weekend, Let's Make Art Like Nun Artist Corita Kent. 
Cloud Eye Control Half Life. Cloud Eye Control is a multimedia performance group based in Los Angeles that uses animation, music and live performers to create hybrid theatrical works.
Honest Moments. 
Haiku Reviews. Robert Adams' contribution to contemporary photographic practice, especially in the U.S., cannot be underestimated, no matter its modest appearance or echoes of the private and personal.
'American Soldier' Photos Expose The Many Faces Of Modern War. 
Meet Millo, The Street Artist Who Paints Massive Monochromatic Murals Around Italy. 
Family Resemblance. As a personal historian, I've had many people tell me that they regret not knowing more of their family stories. I hope this project encourages people to take an active interest in their family history. Because the more we know about our family history, the more we know about ourselves.
Arts Education. I escaped the cornfields to pursue more intense arts education at Interlochen Arts Academy, then, after college, I joined the Peace Corps. I had a very idealistic vision of how my service would change the world (I was 22, after all).
First Nighter. Nick Payne's Constellations arrives at the Manhattan Theatre Club's Samuel J. Friedman after winning the 2012 Evening Standard Theatre Award for Best Play and receiving a clutch of rave reviews that encouraged the move from its initial production at London's Royal Court to the West End.
Fat Femme Artist Picks Apart Your Preconceived Notions Of Beauty. 
The 10 Must-See Sundance Films For Art Lovers. 
10 Things I Learned About Molly Ivins. Kathleen Turner is one of my favorite actresses and Molly Ivins was a hero. I had the pleasure of seeing Kathleen Turner in Red Hot Patriot the Kick-Ass Wit of Molly Ivins at the Berkeley Rep. Here are 10 things I learned.
What Is the Authenticity of a Work of Art in the Era of 3D?. What would be the meaning of an \original work\ tomorrow if the copy is identical to the original and if being provided with an off-the-shelf technical device is sufficient to reproduce the original? Why would the original be more expensive than the copy? How is it possible to insure effectively against fakes?
Haiku Reviews. Ray Turner paints with a quiet bravado, daring himself to conjure coherent and easily comprehended imagery from a froth of paint.
Sadly, 'The Last Ship' Sinks. The thing Broadway producers don't seem to fathom (as reported in Patrick Healy's article in The New York Times January 7th) is that musicals by their very nature are not always feel-good events.  And so The Last Ship will inevitably sink on Jan. 24 after a four-month run.
How to Break Through Writer's Block... by Sitting Around Doing Nothing (Except Meditating!). Mindfulness helps me acknowledge my self-critical distractions, embrace the present of momentary sensations, scents, feelings, inhales, and then exhale it into my writing.
Our Man in Havana. Thinking about Cuba is like trying to sort through the bits and pieces thrown haphazardly together in a data junk yard. Everyone has an opinion about this morality play. Actually, it's more of a cartoon except for the deeply tragic element.
This Artist's Beautiful Plaid Swatches Are Made Entirely Out Of Teeny, Tiny People. 
The Year of the Art Film. The one thing that is clear, people are dissatisfied with the status quo and starving for invigorating art. The best movies of the year were about struggling to produce art in a world that doesn't put much value in it.
This Optical Illusion Will Make Your Eyes Bulge And Your Brain Burst. 
These 8 Arab Cartoonists Fight For Freedom Of Expression Every Day. 
This '4D-Printed' Dress Is Changing The Way We Define Fashion -- And Art. 
Rome Journal. Profanity is never far from profundity. It's something that you discover quickly in exploring the imagination of the great Italian filmmaker Pier Paolo Pasolini, who was as immersed in both the highest and lowest strivings of the human spirit.
Artist Transforms Gallery Into A Basketball Court, All In The Name Of 'Space Jam'. 
In Love for the Long Haul. Two films recently screened for Bay area audiences gave new meaning to the old saying that \He who laughs last, laughs best.\
'The Adventures Of *' Is The 1950s Father-Son Animation We Never Want To Forget. 
Enchanting Silhouettes Bring Brothers Grimm Fairytales To Life. 
The Top 5 International Exhibitions Of The Year. In 2014, the art world continued to expand beyond traditional boundaries, establishing centers in cities around the globe.
Je Suis Charlie. Today the world that cherishes free speech and secularism is reeling from the devastating violent loss of life and the real dangers posed to speech. However scary it may be, I want to declare
'Urban Yoga' Project Connects Our Bodies To The Streets Around Us. 
30 Words We Should Stop Using To Describe Art. 
This Is What Happens When Adults Play With Play-Doh. 
Hollywood of Exiles and \u00c9migr\u00e9s. The Golden Globe Awards are only a few days away, and the Oscars are just around the corner as well. If you want to immerse yourself into the mystery, glamor, and history of Golden Age Hollywood between 1933 and 1950, here is a treat for you.
MutualArt's Top 10 Art Books of 2014. Whether it's a catalogue that allows us to enjoy an exhibition long after its doors have closed, or an in-depth investigation into the oeuvre of our favorite artists, these new books will surely be treasured for years to come.
From Urbanizing to Urban, According to My Facebook Cover Page. During a year filled with four trips abroad and two months away, many of my 2014 Facebook cover photos helped fill my yearly urban and exurban diaries.
Masterpiece Musical Theatre. Two well-established musical masterpieces returned to Bay area stages last fall in exceptional productions which proved, beyond any shadow of a doubt, the strength and vitality of each work's score and libretto. The fact that they were so beautifully performed only added to the audience's sense of artistic fulfillment.
Changing of the Guard. This is an extraordinary time in the dance world, when five of the greatest ballerinas of our time, from leading American ballet companies, have, coincidentally, all announced their retirement within months of each other.
Saying Goodbye to the Freak Show. And so it goes -- another production of Side Show leaves us. Its cult status will remain, untouched by mainstream attention. This is no surprise to those of us who follow such things. In fact, the surprise was that it came at all.
Cabaret Icon On Fearlessly Kicking Off 2015 With 'No Regrets'. 
Closing the Empathy Gap. As technology allows us to erect more and more electronic barriers around us, the value of removing one's earbuds and looking up from one's smartphone becomes increasingly important. Some people understand how to use new technology while others remain decidedly unclear on the concept.
The Enigmatic Art of Josef Koudelka. The Getty exhibition is the first retrospective of Koudelka's work in the United States and features many of the artist's own vintage prints, books, notebooks, maquettes and even rare vintage photos that Koudelka sold to flee to the West.
Paul Auster. This video not only tells the story of how Paul Auster became a writer. It also reveals how the American writer works. \A good days work is if I have one typed page at the end of the day, two is amazing, three is a miracle.\
This Is Barbie Like You've Never Seen Her Before. 
The Ego-Centric Art World Is Killing Art. 
10 Must-See Movies From The Arab World. 
A New 'Merry Widow' With Renee Fleming In Widow's Weeds. It is hard to imagine a merrier widow than Renee Fleming, and she swirls through the Metropolitan Opera's sumptuous new production of Franz Lehar's popular operetta The Merry Widow with the ease of a woman who knows what she wants and knows how to get it.
31 Photographs That Will Show You The Future of Photography. 
10 Famous Artworks That Celebrate Father Time. 
Queen of Soul Commands in Philly. Aretha was intimate with the audience throughout the night and fondly remembered her start in Philly at the famed jazz club Pep's on South Broad St. and expressed appreciation for Philly's gospel legend Clara Ward and radio personalities Mary Mason and Georgie Woods.
Wafflers. A waffle is a delicious breakfast food that's usually served with maple syrup, but in its verb form it means to be indecisive or titter on the brink of one action or another.
'Into the Woods' and the Dumbing Down of the Movie Musical. As much as I love Meryl, I'm never going to buy her records, and I haven't been this uncomfortable watching her in a film since, what do you know, Mama Mia! If we're living in any sort of movie musical cinema revival, it's time to start asking ourselves what we sacrificed to get there.
Buying Art Abroad Is Fun, Bringing It Home May Not Be. New York arts lawyer Thomas C. Danziger received a telephone call late one night in 2009 from \a guy in a hotel in Hong Kong\ who discovered he had a legal problem.
Amphipolis. Perhaps the most knowledgeable person with respect to culture in Greece, including the numerous archaeological excavations and many ongoing cultural activities, she is a \power woman,\ closely monitoring the step-by-step progress of the exciting discovery at Amphipolis.
Against Odds, Nigerian Artists Make It Happen. While somewhat distanced from the country's worst violence, with daily power cuts and nearly half of the population living below the national poverty line, Lagos is by no means a simple place to make or experience art.
My Brooklyn Bridge. I've always been rather late to the party, and although I'd had my share of evenings at BAM and the wonderful concerts at Bargemusic, it wasn't until recently that I discovered the depth of serious music, opera and theater happening throughout the borough.
A City at the Edge of the Horizon. The ancient port city of Muziris, perched at the mouth of the Periyar River near the tip of the Indian subcontinent, offered harbor to merchant fleets of Greece, Rome, Phoenicia, and Egypt in the earliest centuries of global maritime trade.
New Wave Women. \By photographing these marginal details; stains, traces, dust, dirt, I bring them to the center of vision, allowing them to exist and prevail,\ she says, in an attempt to foreground \the abjectness of the otherwise invisible.\
Music I (Mostly) Hold Dear. There is a pedagogic nature to the writing, as the pieces teach you what they are about as they go along, and they are written in spiral form, whereby each successive phrase, and quartet, is an elaboration or development on the previous.
How To Stage A Secret Play On New York City's Most Festering, Polluted Waterway. 
How A Mother With Amputated Arms Became An Angel In Her Daughter's Eyes. 
A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes. Directed by Mark Kenward, the performance that I attended at the 2014 San Francisco Fringe Festival of Caggiano's new monologue felt like a crash landing that kept passing through a series of green spotlights as it bumped and lurched down an ill-fated runway.
Artsy Gifts According to Edward Goldman. I have a secret; how not only to avoid the stress connected with holiday shopping, but instead, to enjoy it. Yes, to enjoy Holiday shopping! Are you ready? Do you have a pen and paper handy?
George W. Bush's Pearls Of Wisdom On Painting. 
Independent Spirit Award Nominee Andrea Suarez Paz. \I always try to remain conscious of the tools I have at hand
New Orleans Art Explores How Food Preserves Difference In A Country Pushing For Sameness. 
The Belonging. Seeing Kunkle's work in person, I immediately understand that these are paintings which speak different languages, exude a variety of moods as the days pass.
Art Fairs. Of all the things that occurred over the first half of the decade in the arts, what will be the most impactful at the end of the decade? It is hardest to see from the middle of it all but I will take a stab.
Here's Why 'The Snowman' Is So Good. 
These Eco-Friendly Artists Are Dreaming Of A Plastic Free Christmas. 
Happy Birthday, Louise Bourgeois!. 
Hollywood's Most Influential Costume Designer Vies For Another Oscar Nod. 
An Interview With Guillermo Kuitca. Guillermo Kuitca's work is present in the collections of major museums including the Metropolitan Museum, MoMA, Tate Gallery ... But the most interesting thing about Kuitca is that, thanks to him, future generations of Argentine artists have formed.
Joe Cocker. And as people argue that so much mainstream music today has become all about superficialities (at least in my circle, they do), more about image and marketing than expression, we are forced to say goodbye to a man who epitomized the real and gritty.
The Social Power of Traveling Photographers. 
Big Eyes Will Open Christmas Day. Perhaps Big Eyes is not the best-crafted piece of art. It may seem disproportionate in features and at points, tawdry and even uneven. However, not only is this film important, it is urgent.
The Cultural Evolution of Art and the Net. Having opened the window to everyone, art and the internet has evolved from the side of a building or a subway car to land on our desktops and smartphones. We can carry aesthetics, creativity and ideology with us everywhere.
The Jaded Sing Hallelujah for Oakland Ballet's Nutcracker. \I am experiencing a kind of crisis,\ Tchaikovsky wrote gloomily, after being ordered by the tzar's flunkeys to compose a ballet score for a flimsy tale centred around children, rats and a candy kingdom. After the glory of The Sleeping Beauty, the Nutcracker commission seemed like an insult.
When I Was a Kid, We Took Pictures With Cameras. We all know there's more than one downside to the omnipresent smartphone--the invention of the 'selfie', the calloused thumbs, the inability to bullshit our way through a discussion about, well, anything that can be Googled.\n\nBut you know what my favorite upside is? The ability to take a picture at any given moment. No, I'm not talking about catching a nominee for the 'People of Wal-Mart' blog; I'm talking about taking pictures of my kids.
Chicago Showdown. 
I On Exceptional Living -- Nikki Haskell. Her skirts are short; her boyfriends are young; her fingernails are long; and her energy is endless. Nikki is always overdressed and ready to go. Her motto is \Never give in. Never give up. And never take 'no' for an answer.\ If Nikki can't do it in high heels; she's not interested
19 Of The Best Snow Scenes In Art. 
ROLAND REISS. A good half-century after it started, Roland Reiss's career continues to surprise and delight in a new exhibition at Diane Rosenstein gallery. The last time I caught up with this artist's work, a couple of years ago, he was already painting, um... flowers.
'Post Mortem Presents. Conceived, directed and choreographed by Andrea Luna and Angela Lopez, it's a riot of song, a rhapsody of dance and movement. In short, it's a scream. It recovers and re-enacts the delightfully sinister Victorian winter solstice tradition.
A Retired Elementary School Teacher Turned Her Home Into A Folksy Fine Art Mecca. For many years, Ramona Otto was an elementary school teacher. Full disclosure
You Can Now Go To Art School At Hogwarts. 
Fragments of Femininity. For Smith and Emin, the body is in perpetual motion. Neither artist has any shame in laying the ghastliest aspects of femininity stripped bare. This introspection strips their work of pretense down to an almost primeval level.
These American World War II Re-Enactors Dress Up Like Nazis For Fun. 
Resonance and Memory. The biggest change we are seeing today with the contemporary artist's approach to the landscape is how they relate this time-tested type to some sort of political statement, while other artists see it as a way to express the land's power and beauty.
Radio Waves. The world was a different place in 1999. New York was a different place. But one constant in the city has been Beats in Space, Tim Sweeney's weekly mix of eclectic house, disco, hip-hop, techno and dance floor friendly anthems, broadcast through WNYU.
Stage Door. For Monty Python fans, Eric Idle is a wacky kind of genius.
11 Art Destinations That Double As Therapeutic Retreats. 
Convergence of Mobile Art. 
Jules Muck Brings Street Art to Santa Monica's Hotel Casa del Mar. Street art is not what you expect to encounter in the elegant lobby of Santa Monica's luxurious Hotel Casa del Mar, which makes the hotel's newly installed temporary street art installation a most welcome surprise.
Theater. Bradley Cooper is quite good at capturing the wry, intelligent voice of Merrick. He distorts his face and limps and crawls about and we're soon in the mind of this interesting fellow.
Timeless Allure Of Darshan. 
Fleshy Stilettos Made With Human Hair Question The 'Sexiness' Of Heels. 
Raw Photos Depict The Magic Of Motherhood, From A Father's Perspective. 
Jockum Nordstr\u00f6m's First Solo Show at David Zwirner in London Triumphs. For its final show of 2014, David Zwirner's London gallery is showing Swedish artist Jockum Nordstr\u00f6m's first UK solo show.
Artists Explore The Many Influences Of Ebony And Jet Magazines. 
Stage Door. Now at the Booth Theater, The Elephant Man, which won the Tony for Best Play in 1979, is effective because it isn't literal. Cooper doesn't wear a prosthetic; instead, the audience imagines his disfigurement as he contorts his body. And people gasp in horror at the sight of him.
Designers Recreated Wes Anderson's Grand Budapest Hotel IRL. 
\Feminism\ Is Back in Vogue. It's the first theatrical documentary of its kind, and it will no doubt open the door for other films on the subject of feminism and women's liberation.
A Street Art Festival Takes Root Across The Walls Of Malaysia. 
Naked Will. You don't have to adhere to predestination to accept the notion that subliminal forces, for good or bad, may play a more important role in the unfolding of your fate than naked will.
This Winter, You Can Get Tattooed At A Famous New York Museum. 
The Best 2014 Mix by a Chick Who Doesn't Dig 'Chick Music'. It's 2014. If you're like me, you've  probably heard about all you can of the songs Fancy, Chandelier and anything Pitbull. Don't give up though, there is some exceptionally great stuff out there.
Photographer Diego Saldiva Lived A Nightmare Every Parent Fears. 
Where Does Corporate Giving to the Arts Go?. Recent studies by Americans for the Arts, Giving USA, and others have drawn welcome public attention to the role of corporate giving in the creative ecology -- some sounding alarms and others offering rays of hope.
Slut Shaming is Still a Thing. n response to this growing epidemic, Katie Cappiello and Meg McInerney, founders of The Arts Effect All-Girl Theater Company, decided to take on this complex and multi-layered issue facing women and girls today, namely slut culture, slut shaming and the culture of sexual violence.
The Man And Art Behind Andy Warhol's Silver Factory. 
Eric Garner's Haunting Last Words Become Performance Art. 
They Say It Never Rains In L.A.. 
A Conversation with Gloria Garfinkel. Gloria Garfinkel's art can be seen as a celebration of life where vibrant colors, dynamic shapes, viewer participation and the pure joy of creativity rules the day.
2014 Top 20 Picks. Each year I survey what I have seen and experienced in the past 12 months and, after much soul searching and difficult internal debate, come up with my top 20 picks. (Plus two alternates!) Here is the list for 2014:
11 Artists You Should Pay Attention To Next Year. 
Holiday Reads. Each writer I know offers an open door into their extended world, full of their most treasured ideas and images. Writers share what they find most valuable. In that spirit, I'm sharing 10 great books with you and paying it forward for the writers -- and artists -- who have created them.
Once Again, Air Force Band Surprises and Delights. U.S. Air Force men and women fly and maintain some of the most sophisticated aircraft in the world. They do many other things and do them well. One of them is playing beautiful music, and singing beautifully, as the U.S. Air Force Band recently did at the National Air and Space Museum on December 2.
'The Patron Saint of Sideshow,' The Found Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Every aspect of the Found Theatre is a labor of love. So too is Mike Brown's direction. He filmed hundreds of hours of the production's cast meetings and rehearsals. As he said in his opening night preamble, he didn't know what he would do with the footage, it just seemed important.
These Ceramics Encrusted With Crustaceans Will Blow Your Tiny Mind. 
How Have Fame and Fortune Shaped the Business of Being an Artist?. \I think that the youngest members of our society are increasingly worried about making their way in the world, and their anxiety is shaping the way that some of them approach being an artist.\
Scott Elliott and the Theater of the Uncomfortable. I've come to admire people, and theater companies, that take the risk. You have to hand it to Elliott -- more than any other major off-Broadway theater company, The New Group consistently produces offbeat works.
An AIDS Quilt Songbook. I'm happy projects like this take a step toward educating people, and take many steps toward supporting AIDS/HIV services and research organizations through sales proceeds.
The Archivist's Dilemma. While working on my new film in the Bay Area this summer, I had the good fortune of being introduced to Stephen Parr and his massive 6000 sq. ft. archive aptly named Oddball Films.
Into the Woods at the Wallis Annenberg Center. The Oregon Shakespeare Festival's revival of Stephen Sondheim's iconic musical, now playing at the Wallis Annenberg Center in Beverly Hills, is an uneven, if often delightful, rendition of Sondheim's parable of the trials and tribulations of childhood and growing up.
First Nighter. Come Christmas every year, new offerings are presented with the hope they'll become holiday perennials.
City Councilmen Deemed This Nude Pregnant Portrait 'Pornography'. 
Paola Antonelli. Being a curator just happened. I was interested in architecture and design, and slowly, but surely, realized I became a curator because it was another way to communicate the belief that design is important and endlessly inspiring.
Side Show. I saw it first. Well, not quite. The rapturous critical reception that has greeted the revival of Side Show on Broadway takes me back, way back, to a demonstration of Side Show's unique power that I witnessed firsthand quite some time ago.
What Happens When 5 Street Artists Share A Wall In Poland. 
The Death of a Poet. Our existence derives its meaning from use, for this reason a glass bellows when it is used even for mundane activities as opposed to a china set that is reserved for the grandest of balls. Seemingly important yet so impotent, a parody of life.
15 Masterpieces That Make Barcelona Feel Like One Big Modern Art Museum. In this egalitarian city, masterpieces are not hidden away in museums. Rather, they adorn the city's streets and squares. Here are 15 examples of modern art masterpieces that Barcelona's residents see every day.
Stuart Little Leads Art Historian To Long-Lost Masterpiece. 
Sweet Covers O' Mine. There is also something about the old becoming new again for the audience. The mix is comforting, yet has that element of surprise.
Soaring With the Washington Ballet's Noche de Pasi\u00f3n. The new edition of performers and the charm of the artistic director Septime Webre were only exceeded by his impromptu Cuban salsa in sync with his Latin ballet dancers.
Baryshnikov and Dafoe in Robert Wilson's The Old Woman at Cal Performances, Berkeley. Two super stars of the stage -- ballet icon Mikhail Baryshnikov and actor Willem Dafoe -- in a fantastical, almost two-hour pas de deux, performed under the direction of gay theater genius Robert Wilson.
Poetic Photographs Of Plastic Bags Shed Light On Our Consumer Society. 
11 Instagram Accounts Worth Following This Art Basel Miami Beach Season. 
Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra Launches in Los Angeles. Performing arts organizations are complicated enterprises to run. Keeping them afloat prompts ever-new experiments. One of the latest is the Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra, formed by clarinetist cum entrepreneur Benjamin Mitchell and an ambitious group of L.A. musicians, inspired by NY's Orpheus Chamber Orchestra.
This Austrian Photographer Creates Sassy, Unique Balloon Creatures. 
10 (More) Art Therapy Techniques To Help You De-Stress This Holiday Season. 
A Peek At The 'Off-The-Cuff, Goofball' Side Of One Of Broadway's Sexiest Men. 
Street Artists Around The Country Celebrate Small Business Saturday. 
What It's Like To Raise A Daughter With Down Syndrome. 
Attention. Any form of corruption can taint a sport whose integrity is held sacrosanct in the eyes of its biggest fans. Two recent Bay area productions helped to shine a light on how difficult it can be to win simply on the basis of one's merit.
First Nighter. The blood in Kneehigh's Tristan & Yseult is less than what's in Tamburlaine Parts I and II and is stylized. Emma Rice, the company founder and adapter here of the Cornish myth has something other than seeing red about which she wants to discourse.
Marianne Faithfull Personifies the Eternal Return in Berlin and Takes a Stand for the Future of the Planet. 
Goats, Sheep Make Love To The Camera. 
Celebrate Thanksgiving With The 15 Best Meals In Art. 
A Thanksgiving Playlist To Get You Through Cooking A Whole Meal. 
Photos Of ''Star Wars' In Real Life Will Put You Over The Moon. 
Albuquerque's Opera Southwest Beams Up Long Lost Hamlet Opera By Verdi's Favorite Conductor. In the dramatic truth and emotional passion of the production, and the skill of the ensemble, Opera Southwest's Amleto was unforgettable. But it was no whale.
Consider This The Anti-Photoshop. 
Saxophonist Michael Blake Pays Homage to Pres and Hawk on Tiddy Boom. Saxophonist Michael (not Mike) Blake is one of those artists who have a sustained appreciation of the tradition and for those who have come before him.
Life with Lyme. On a crisp November morning I arrive to spend some time with Sarah.  I am greeted first by Sparky, a tiny yet mighty rat terrier, donning a sweater with a lightening bolt emblazoned on his back. Seconds later, Sarah slowly comes to the door and welcomes me into her home with open arms and a slight smile. These days she spends most of her time in a makeshift bedroom that appears to have once been the dining room. The space is connected to the kitchen and still holds a china cabinet, though it's now filled with shoeboxes of medication and supplements rather than plates and glasses
Snarkitecture in Black and White. For a person like me, who thrives in bold color combinations and patterns, it's fair to say that the monochromatic black and white palette that is almost always used by Snarkitecture took me out of my comfort zone -- and captivated me.
What I Am Giving Thanks for This Year. I am grateful to the many patrons who continue to support their favorite arts institutions, especially those who are willing to risk the most when things are at their worst.
Stage Door. 
\Oedipus,\ San Pedro Rep. 
Painters. 
The Dazzling, Multicolored, Customized Trucks Of India. 
Power Plays by Robert Dekkers for Post:Ballet. Like a Ren\u00e9 Magritte painting come to life, Robert Dekkers' latest assault on the conventions of theatrical dance piles up one absurd image on another in precise, deliberate fashion, leading us rapidly from a vision of tranquil domesticity into hell and chaos,.
A Brief History Of Butts In Art. 
Feast Your Eyes Upon These Sweetly Hyperrealistic Artworks And Feel Unworthy. 
Artist Spends 200 Hours Resurrecting Centuries-Old Tradition Of Tapestry Making. 
11 Beautiful Artworks Smaller Than A Breadbox. 
Exploring The Chilling World Of Hunters In The Northern United States. 
Here's What Happens When The King Of Trash Art Gets His Hands On A Fancy Manhattan Townhouse. 
Exploring Letters From Himmler. This compelling documentary reveals the secret personal writings and photographs from the private collection of Nazi Gestapo Chief Heinrich Himmler.
Mark Handforth. I recently had the opportunity to interview gallery sales associate, Ben Parsons, for a film I did on the current exhibition at Kayne Griffin Corcoran in Los Angeles. My film features Miami artist, Mark Handforth's latest solo exhibition, Rough Dark Diamond.
Youth Designs. A recent National Endowment for the Arts study has found that lower-income students have higher academic results, college aspirations, and civic participation when they are engaged in the arts for long periods of time.
Ballerina Of Our Dreams Misty Copeland Is Getting A Reality Show. 
Stage Door. The cruelty of exploitation, just like the public's prurient interest in oddity, is boundless. Marry the two, and you have the backdrop to the real-life tale of conjoined twins and vaudeville stars Daisy and Violet Hilton in Side Show, the Broadway revival at the St. James Theatre.
Frederick Wiseman's \National Gallery\. In a sense Frederick Wiseman was the wrong person to make National Gallery, which is currently completing a run at Film Forum. His signature reticence, characterized by a total lack of narration, becomes the work of art itself.
Women, Power and the Rule of Three. 
Artists as Global Citizens. An opportunity for our artists and arts institutions to lead, globally, is to approach their identity and creation of art holistically and with intention--to be global citizens
Klinghoffer. The three make a trip of atypical opera themes, but no new opera brought the Met as much controversy as Klinghoffer.
Straight to the Point. Leave it to Young Jean Lee to get straight to the point, by saying
These High-Tech Ballet Shoes Demonstrate Just How Explosive Dancers' Movements Can Be. 
50 Years Later, Peter Yarrow Still Asks, 'When Will They Ever Learn?'. Yarrow credits his half-century of performing with Peter, Paul and Mary for giving him a platform that allows him to address global issues  --  the Middle East and climate change, among others  --  at the highest levels.  At least as important, his musical legacy affords him credibility with kids.
A New York Artist Turned Her 170-Year-Old Farmhouse Into A Rainbow Playground. 
Inventive Designer Celebrates The Most Famous Surfaces In Architecture. 
How (Not) to Repeat History. 
The Beauty Of Scars That Tell A Story. 
That Fake Yoko Ono/Katy Perry 'Cover' Is Still Worth 1,000,000 Listens. 
Kim Kardashian Posed Nude. Her Motherhood Has Nothing To Do With It.. 
Stage Door. Part camp, part social commentary, the always-entertaining Lypsinka is back with three shows. The revivals of the acclaimed Lypsinka! The Boxed Set and The Passion of the Crawford are coupled with the premiere of John Epperson
Torke in Tahiti. The ear-splitting bellow of a truck's horn, five floors below, on Broadway, made the window rattle and drowned out his last words. A few snowflakes eddied outside. It was an afternoon in January 2012.
This Powerful 'Black Odyssey' Blends Greek Myth And Modern Harlem. 
Theater. Lost Lake comes from the Pulitzer Prize winner David Auburn, so expectations are naturally high for any new work by him. Grand Concourse is from Heidi Schreck, the Obie-winning talent who also writes for TV's Nurse Jackie. Neither quickens the pulse, though each play is blessed with a fine cast.
BONAPARTE & Tim Fite Usher in Brave Neue Welt. INTO THE WILD is not simply a spectacular moment in rock history. It is a bottled message of a crucial rebirth for rock, with powerful political messages seamlessly woven into an elegantly embodied handcrafted aesthetic..
Iranian Street Art Brothers Icy & Sot Take Over Europe. 
This Robot Creates Art, Basically, The Same Way We Do. 
A Purveyor of Truth. 
Yuna at Stage 48. The increasingly globalized world we're living in certainly includes the pop music scene, and perhaps Yuna is amongst the best of it. Her style of music -- a melange of folk, jazz inflected R&B and a decidedly electronica backbeat makes this a world classed EDM for the adult listener.
'Real Prettiness' Project Showcases Individuals With Down Syndrome As They Wish To Be Seen. 
Basquiat Wrote 'Breast' On A Jacket... And Now It's Worth A Lot Of Money. 
16 Documentaries To Watch Out For This Year. 
This Is What It's Like To Fly Above Manhattan. 
New York Inspires. 
Is This The First Photograph Of A Human Being?. 
10 Budget-Friendly Street Photography Books. 
Robert Jackson. Painter Robert C. Jackson likes things... lots of them. His current show at Gallery Henoch, Tinkering with Reality, is populated by cosmologies of pancakes, donuts, goldfish bowls, apples, oreos, vintage soda crates, and postcards.
The Berlin Wall. World-renowned photographer Richard Avedon's visual account of the fall of the Berlin wall is not only considered as the high point of his career but also as one of the strongest photo-journalistic moments of all time.
First Nighter. The list of delightful ingredients in the Encores! Series revival of The Band Wagon is so long that not only is it pleasing the crowds attending at City Center, but it has the usual show-biz-insider suspects talking about a transfer for a longer Broadway run.
Art Still Offers Hope. I recently interviewed Peter Seibt whose approach to art courageously offers a new and different way than the manipulative world of art controlled by wealthy financiers in New York or Paris.
5 Pointz Landlord Says His Luxury Condos Will Be Just Like The Graffiti Mecca He Destroyed. 
Top 5 Contemporary Art Auctions This Fall. Contemporary art auctions have caused quite a stir in recent years with buyers bidding record-breaking numbers. For those who want in on the action, these five fall auctions are not to be missed.
At the Penn & Teller Show. Teller broke his silence and told me all about magic, his successful career, why he's a master of the selfie and more.
Now and Then. I have to believe that if I had the access to social networking and the Internet that exists today, I would have experienced less isolation.
It Turns Out Teddy Bears, Ripped Open And Forced Inside Out, Are Pure Horror. 
Art & the Tyranny of the New. I think it's time to create a market for art that deepens the spirit, not makes it shallower, a market to encourage art that taps into wisdom and truth that has lasted for generations, eons, as long as memory has served humanity.
Greek Tragedy and John Wick. The accomplishment of the movie is less its athleticism than its inducement of empathy. The audience is more than rooting for the antihero. We take on the same desire to punish.
A Homeless Veteran Shares How Art Transformed His Life. 
Stage Door. Dugan's 90-minute play is heartfelt, deeply moving and compelling; he makes history come alive. The 53-year-old actor nails Wiesenthal's Austrian dialect, elderly mannerisms and mischievous charm. His extraordinary performance pays tribute to one man's lifelong crusade for justice and tolerance.
Eerie Photo Series Imagines Beloved Superheroes After Death. 
This Video Of A Japanese Craftsman At Work Will Make You Love Humans Again. 
Did Your Face Make It Into The Official #ArtSelfie Book?. 
From Steve McQueen and David Beckham to the Streets of Los Angeles, British Iron Endures. Steve McQueen's \King of Cool\ reputation was fascinatingly explored in the 2014 documentary, I Am Steve McQueen, executive produced by the actor's son, Chad McQueen.
Zeev Aram (Video). What constitutes good design? \Imagination, originality, creativity, time and passion.\ So says Zeev Aram, founder of London design Mecca Aram Store, and he should know.
10 Free Must-Read Street Photography eBooks. Photography books are expensive, really expensive. I've collected dozens and dozens over the years and I kind of feel as though I have tied up a lot of money in books. It's not a bad thing, but I do wonder about the end result. Will I ever recoup my investment? Maybe. Certainly those who snapped up a first edition of \The Decisive Moment\ are in luck. But it's always a gamble and always expensive.
A Play for Our Times. A remarkable new play, Turning the Glass Around, by Pia Wilson, fearlessly plunges into the ever-morphing conversation about immigration, race and class. Turning the Glass Around evokes images of Death of A Salesman.
Feminist Artist Heather Marie Scholl Stitches Why 'It's Hard To Be A Woman'. 
Walead Beshty at the Curve, Barbican Centre, London (VIDEO). 
Artist Transforms Breakup Texts Into Works Of Art. 
Meet The Hulking Young Stars Of Senegal -- Professional Wrestlers. 
First Nighter. In all my theater-going days, I don't remember seeing a production that would likely give me nightmares.  The thought had never crossed my mind.  Until, that is, I went to the Pleasance Company and witnessed The Curing Room, David Ian Lee's import from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
What Happens When A Photographer Joins The Circus. 
How to Kill a Culture in 3 Easy Steps. The more I travel the world the more I learn how different peoples share common habits that weave together or cultivating their common way of life. What I believe we are witnessing in our time is the death of culture, the end of investing and taking responsibility in and for our surroundings.
Dido and Aeneas, Bluebeard's Castle in a Duo at LA Opera. Two probing views of obsessive love spelled success for the marriage of inconvenience between Purcell's Dido and Aeneas and Bart\u00f3k's Bluebeard's Castle. Their double-bill opening Saturday at the Chandler Pavilion marked the LA Opera's second collaboration with wave-making Australian stage director Barrie Kosky.
Skip The Haunted Houses, Take A Digital Tour Of Abandoned Buildings Instead. 
Reflections on Photographing Tragedy. Last Friday morning I found myself frantically running out of the house to get to Marysville-Pilchuck High School. I arrived to find a chaotic, scary, and tragic scene. Another school shooting had happened in the U.S., and it was the second in Washington state this year.
Broadway's 'Once' Remains Magical in Final Two Months. My companion, clearly enthralled by the immediacy of the music and the charm of the story, said at intermission \This is a musical, not just a Broadway musical.\ I know what he meant.
Part and Parcel. Krysa is an accomplished selector of detail, in both her own artwork and her efforts to champion other artists. Her joy in making and sharing art is evident in Collage -- the pieces in this book are playful, inventive, and utterly inspiring.
HBO Tags YouTube In Anticipation Of Its Upcoming Banksy Documentary. 
Toygodd Attends Exact Science Gallery's Grand Opening. I recently attended the Toy Art Gallery's Halloween show. On the way out I passed Exact Science, a new gallery. I noticed they were having an opening so I asked if I could shoot the show.
Filmmaker Judy Irving - on 'Pelican Dreams'. Sometimes the answer just falls out of the sky. It's clear and obvious -- maybe standing in front of you. Like, love-at-first-sight.
Artist Melts 100 Tons Of Arctic Ice To Remind You That Climate Change Is Real. 
Process and Presentness. In advance of his one-person exhibition this winter at the Power Station in Dallas, I visited Lund's Bushwick studio to learn more about his work and process.
Artist's Honey Bee Project Comes With A Dire Environmental Warning. 
'Mind Art' Project Allows Individuals Living With Disabilities To Create Art With Their Brains. 
Doris Duke & Norton Simon. There are two names on my mind right now -- Doris Duke and Norton Simon, -- two people that are obviously a world apart. But last week, I went to the opening of two exhibitions in LA that give rare insights on their lives and their obsession with art collecting.
Project 24. 
How to Have a Conversation With Well-Meaning People. We all have our family of origin, and then we have our family of friends. It's one of the great perks of adulthood -- you get to pick a second family of friends who love you.
21 Cindy Sherman Photos Head To The Auction Block. 
Return of the Artisan?. The digital revolution in music has always faced outspoken critics. Some have complained about harsh digital sound. Many lament illegal downloads. These days, musicians\u00a0protest paltry revenue from streaming sites like Pandora.
Astana Opera on New York's Cultural Radar Screen. New Yorkers are in the enviable position that, sooner or later, everyone will come and visit the city. We do not have to travel the world - even though many of us love to do so - to learn about different cultures because the world comes to us.
First Nighter. Since Tony Kushner could be considered to know best, why not quote what he says he admired after seeing Ivo van Hove's revival of the playwright's Pulitzer Prize-winning Angels in America, at the Brooklyn Academy of Music
Getting Intimate With San Francisco's Drag Scene Pioneers. 
Old New York in 'On the Town'. The sights and sounds of old New York are just a few of the marvels of the musical On the Town, newly revived at the Lyric Theater. If you see a subway sign marked IRT, you know you are in the right place.
Celebrate Picasso's Birthday By Spending $6 Million On One Of His Paintings. 
Beloved Author And Leonardo Da Vinci Scholar Explains Why We Make Art. 
Here Comes the Judge. Artists are attempting to find something through the maintenance of a practice but what is a politician or leader trying to find? The answer is usually a series of intelligent decisions that lead his country out of a quagmire.
Political Undertones and Calls to Action at Judaica Museum's Fall Exhibit. Housed in the iconic Temple Emanu-El Synagogue on Manhattan's Upper East Side, the museum plays home to a priceless permanent collection of Judaica, and yearly rotating temporary exhibits.
Kellesimone Waits on ImageBlog. 
Is Michael Keaton's Birdman Buddhist?. Michael Keaton's palpable, frenetic energy paired with an earthly and likable humanity as an actor makes him the perfect choice for this role.
These Fantastical Indian Buildings Were All Built Before This Century. 
Elegance and Style Dictates the Art Collection at the Park Hyatt Zurich. Like many of the Park Hyatt hotels around the world, the Park Hyatt Zurich paid special attention to the 91 pieces in its art collection, which is hung throughout the public spaces in its 6-story building.
Once a Soldier, Today a Heartist. The Journey From External Demand to Guidance From Within. after 40 years of wandering in my internal desert, I was able to transform my fearful obedience into love and acceptance of the truth of my heart. I reclaimed my choice.
State of Art. 
Why Does Bob Dylan Steal?. Bob Dylan likes to use other people's words, and images. Some people object to this. Robert Warmuth called him \Bob Charlatan.\ Joni Mitchell called him a plagiarist. Dylan is tired of this whole subject.
Behold, Iranian Fathers And The Diverse Daughters They've Raised. 
Zaha Hadid Designs Five Wooden Towers To House Cambodian Genocide Institute. 
A Quiet Place. The newly opened Windhover Contemplative Center, a 4,000 square foot rammed-earth and wood structure which occupies the former site of a parking lot, wouldn't exist without a deeply held conviction of the late Nathan Oliveira (1928-2010)
Master Class. Steven Assael said always to consider the interior of things. He drew a parallel between the literal interior volume of a form, and the internal meaning of art. He said this meaning was a precious liquid, and the artwork itself the vessel.
First Nighter. Leave it to Neal Goren. He's cherry-picked Bohuslav Martinu's comic one-acts Alexandre Bis and Comedy on the Bridge as the first of the Gotham Opera Company's 2014-15 season, and he's owed three or more cheers for doing so.
The Art of Falling. Early on in the ingenious collaboration between Second City and Hubbard Street Dance, Procol Harum's counterculture hymn permeates Chicago's Harris Theater as actors and dancers assemble in rows of folding chairs facing the audience.
These Moving Street Art GIFs Are Everything We Ever Wanted... In A GIF. 
Once More, Back On The Town. Playgoers who haven't walked away from a Broadway musical beaming since before they can remember should head over to Times Square for On The Town, the 1944 musical which introduced Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden, Adolph Green and Jerome Robbins.
First Nighter. Waters conceived and wrote Lennon Through a Glass Onion, throughout which, with Stewart D'Arrietta singing and playing at the piano in a fedora, he offers a 90-minute tribute to the late Lennon at the Union Square Theatre.
Setting Up the Jokes for Maximum Effect. Wardrobe malfunctions can be unsettling, hilarious, scary, or (in the case of Janet Jackson's 2004 half-time show at Superbowl XXXVIII), historic. However, when push comes to shove, if a comic element is involved, it helps to have the audience in on the joke.
Car Pooling With Photographer Alejandro Cartagena. The Car Poolers photo series landed photographer Alejandro Cartagena in the international spotlight. His work has appeared in galleries from Toronto to Mexico City.
Disney's Classic Animal Characters Would Make Pretty Adorable Humans. 
Caves, Icebergs, and Humanoid Landscapes. In my writing practice, I often write poems that have been sparked by an image. Last summer, I came across Rebecca Chaperon's work, and was stunned by its weird beauty.
This Next-Level Origami Will Wow Your Socks Off. 
Hand-Painted Photographs Conjure A Psychedelic Wonderland (NSFW). 
Not a Holocaust Film. This is the story of Henrich Himmler told by himself and his family through their letters and personal diaries, which were not burned as he requested. They were secreted away by an American until the '60s, then given to the Israeli archivists.
This Is A Music Tattoo And It's As Wonderfully Wacky As It Sounds. 
The Life Out Loud. 
Minimalist Voices of the Past and Present. A new exhibition that opened last Saturday at the University of Michigan Museum of Art revisits the Minimalist movement, viewed from a fresh perspective.
The Influence of William Bailey. William Bailey had a long and influential career as a teacher at Yale and continues to have a long and influential career as a painter. I always wanted to see a show of painters he influenced.
Bruce Lieberman. Painter Bruce Lieberman's exhibition East End is about many of things
Can You Really Know All Your Facebook Friends?. 
9 Key Terms You Should Know Before Seeing The Massive Hokusai Exhibition. 
The Intricate Fairy Tale Illustrations Of A 'Fantasia' Artist Will Make Your Imagination Run Wild. 
The Qalandiya International, the second edition of the Palestinian Biennial, October 22 - November 15.. Vita brevis, arts longa. Perhaps no circumstance better reflects this now than the second edition of the Qalandiya International. Otherwise known as the Palestine Biennial, it will run from October 22 - November 15.
Personifying Iran in an Art of Dissent, Defiance, and Desire. It seemed a telling syncronicity that just a week before Rouhani's visit, the exhibition Portraits
Beware Your Fantasy. Fairy tales, short stories, and playlets have a way of infecting the imagination to produce new variations on age-old themes. In June, Wily West Productions joined forces with the Playwrights Center of San Francisco to present Sheherezade 14, an evening of short plays written by local playwrights and directed by Wesley Cayabyab and Amy Crumpacker.
The Nathan Lane Show. You will not likely find anything funnier onstage, just now, than Nathan Lane in the opening scene of Terrence McNally's It's Only a Play. Lane, as a humble off-Broadway actor turned top-tier sitcom star, is given a barrage of robustly funny jokes to launch at us, mostly of the lacerating variety.
Ed Moses. Ed Moses, the grand lion of Venice, California, sits in a black chair in his studio gallery slowly rotating, watching as studio assistants move his huge paintings on geometric canvases.
48 Hours With Delta Spirit and J.S Bach in NYC With Peter Sellars and the Berlin Phil. 
Grace and Power, Fragility and Strength. Truly, Christophe exults in his work. \When I touch a piece of metal, it talks to me. I'm like, 'Wow!'\ He further reveals
Five Films Marina Abramovic and Lars Von Trier Should Make Together. 
Striking GIFs And Illustrations Depict The Women Of The War On Terror. 
The Greatest Holocaust Story Never Told. Have you ever heard of these women? I'm sure you could rattle off each Kardashian, or the name of Mila Kunis's new baby. Here is why these are the names that should be on your lips this week.
The Magic of The Anderson Collection. Lucifer, the crown jewel of the Anderson Collection, moved to Stanford with a retinue of 120 colorful accomplices he's befriended while living at the Andersons' residence.
This Is The America Of Yesteryear, In Stunning Vintage Photos. 
9 Things You Probably Didn't Know About The World's Most Famous Camera. 
The Running Picador. It is unfortunately no longer possible to take bullfighting as an order of romance any more serious than say, the return of the player piano or the raccoon coat.
Suffering Optional. So today, as we are confronted daily with the images of hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees who have fled extremists, I am unmoved to feel pity for the voluntary brushes with death that Marquis encountered.
\@Large\ and Absent, Ai Weiwei on Alcatraz. The United States' most storied island prison, Alcatraz, is a fitting home for artist and activist Ai Weiwei's latest project, @Large.
Steven and William Ladd. Engaging with the artists and their work on multiple levels the audience serves as both observer and participant. This idea becomes a springboard for a wealth of ideas beyond objects and craft.
The Good News of Poetry That Can Win the Day. Poetry can keep our spirits resilient and able to sustain us -- literally, for a happy life -- even to live at all.
Kiss Me, Kate at the Pasadena Playhouse Is Too Darn Hot for Sure!. Kiss me, Kate is classic Cole Porter! Originally premiering in 1948, the musical won five Tony awards and undoubtedly was the show that propelled Cole Porter into the spotlight.
Jill\u00a0Soloway, \Transparent\ Creator is Brilliant. If Amazon's book-selling success scares some writers imagine what lovers of Netflix and HBO will do now that Amazon's binge series, Jill Soloway's Transparent , has turned out to be a work of genius?
California, the Arts and the Creative Economy. For the state that is home to Silicon Valley and high tech invention, to Hollywood and the single largest export in the world
Mephistopheles in Your Living Room. If you've never seen an opera, this is an excellent way to begin
Project 24. In a neighborhood that's one-part gentrified, another part New York, Kaminski acknowledges his surroundings with a familiarity one would have with home -- an impressive adjustment for a recent transplant from upstate.
10 Eerily Adorable GIFs That Will Make You Feel Like A Kid Before Bedtime. 
Stage Door. The premise of Love Letters, a chamber piece now on Broadway, is simple
How To Build A Gay And Lesbian Art Museum. 
This Guy's One-Man Duet As Freddie Mercury AND Pavarotti Will Give You Goosebumps. 
Mapping the World as She Imagines It. For this non-traditional, mixed use space -- delightfully situated at the heart of a busy Oakland mall -- Naungayan Eggleton has flattened her work and moved away from her customary monochromatic palette, producing vertical panels whose saturated colors and sheens leap off the walls.
Behold, The Many Faces of Texas. 
Miranda July Designed A Purse And It's Everything You Hoped It Would Be. 
Czech's Mix Part 3. One of the surprising performances at the Crossroads Festival (part of the Colours of Ostrava Festival) in Czech Republic, was from the ensemble called the Clarinet Factory. Made up of heavily classically credentialed players, they made music that was seductive to the ear.
Courtney Love Is An Opera Singer Now. 
Working With Herb Alpert. Over the years I have often been asked questions like, \Is it intimidating, strange, weird, nerve wracking, or even scary to be working, musically, with a music legend like Herb Alpert?\ No...  not at all, He's just my uncle Herbie.
Music in the Southwest Part 2. Something amazing happened in Tucson over the last weekend, when the Tucson Symphony Orchestra played an all-American program of music by Bernstein, Gershwin, and Copland to open its new season.
Steve Wilson on 'The Making of Gone with the Wind'. Just when I thought I could answer any trivia question on David O. Selznick's 1939 production of Gone with the Wind, comes a treasure of new material in Steve Wilson's book, The Making of Gone with the Wind.
Recycled Tijuana. Occidente Nuevo
The Rumors of Opera's Death Have Been Greatly Exaggerated (Pt. 1). We've been bamboozeled. Opera is so far from dying it isn't even funny. Opera in the U.S in 2014 is practically a newborn baby. Are the biggest companies suffering from financial strain? Yes. But is interest in opera waning? Absolutely not!
This Orchestra Is Out To Redefine The 21st Century Concert Hall Experience. 
Has Gaud\u00ed\u2019s Sagrada Familia Grown Out of Touch?. 
A Night With Lady G. Both Miller and others see the Irish Theater as a way to enrich themselves further in the art of acting by learning and working along with professionals of the field.
As Above, So Below. Lezley Saar's latest exhibition \Monad\ features mixed-media paintings of melancholic Victorian ladies floating through space on cellular vehicles.
Artist Depicts School Shooting Perpetrators Using News Clippings From Around The World. 
Singer Shelley Fisher's Stunning Musical Tribute to Her Jewish Ancestry. We Remember reminds us, that regardless of religion, we are fundamentally similar. As the Jewish High Holidays have returned, I thought what better time to chat with the Hebrew Hillbilly herself.
You Wish Your Grandma Was As Cool As 93-Year-Old Adelaide. 
The Politics of Fashion | The Fashion of Politics (VIDEO). Fashion and politics may be strange bedfellows, but they definitely go together.
Eat Different (PHOTOS). 
First Nighter. Rarely have I seen such a large collection of scene-stealers on one stage.  Check that.  There's so much hilarity occurring that no one can steal a complete scene.  What these thieving actors do is steal extended moments.
The Making of Them. The discordance between words and body language on the part of both the parents and their sons is, at times, painful to watch. Like these young boys, I was unable to be truthful with my parents during my time at boarding school.
Valley Vista. The Valley was its own hotbed of creative activity back in the day when Los Angeles was still on the cusp of recognition as an important center for contemporary art.
Artists To Serve 'Radioactive Soup' To Express Solidarity With Fukushima. 
Why I Collect Racist Ephemera. The greater the upset caused by references to the past, the more intense the urge toward action for the future. Memorabilia should be saved for many reasons, and not all of it needs to inspire nostalgia for the past.
The Trip to Bountiful. While Foote's play may be looking to the past for inspiration, it is a reminder of the America that lives on in the present, perhaps a bit shadowy and below the surface, but still flowing through the American character.
The Love Story Between A Squirrel And A Horse, Told In An Adorably Surreal Photo Essay. 
Whimsy and Terror. It was a global nail-biter last week, but after Scotland voted to uphold their often rocky 300-year union with England, Mark Morris' The Muir and A Wooden Tree, which opened his troupe's season at Cal Performances in Berkeley last night, proved a graceful though decidedly eccentric salute to that proud nation, tinged with melancholy and regret.
Gaud\u00ed's Sagrada Fam\u00edlia To Reach Another Milestone. 
The Hands of  Wayne Thiebaud (PHOTOS). On Sunday, May 18, 2014, on my return trip from San Francisco's Art Market to Los Angeles, I had the opportunity to go to Sacremento to have lunch with legendary pop artist Wayne Thiebaud.
First Nighter. The interest Oliver Sacks takes in the human brain fascinates Peter Brook. The Valley of Astonishment is another consequence of that fascination, and, as presented at the Young Vic, currently Brook's London outlet of choice, it, too, is fascinating.
Drawn At Sea. After lashing down the drawing machine at the ships bow we sailed out of Pierowall Marina at 9:40am, two hours later than we had intended to sail due to heavy fog.
There Is No 'One Kind Of Brooklyn Artist,' And Here's Why. 
'Downton Abbey' Meets Mozart At The Met Opera. All's well that ends well, Shakespeare observed, and the summer of the Metropolitan Opera's discontent could not have ended any better than with its smashing new production of Mozart's Le Nozze di Figaro.
Atlanta Symphony Lockout Is Enforced Silence. What is needed, in Atlanta and everywhere, is the recognition that all sides play a part. It's how philanthropy works -- a partnership, an investment, a shared good. It's how artistry works. Dare I say, it's how excellent management works.
3 Things That Young Women Need to Remember About Feminism. Here are three reasons why feminism doesn't resonate for some women, and a few reminders that address the misconceptions at the core of the issue.
Drawn at Sea. Today we sailed around the entirety of the island of Papa Westray. Onboard aside from the Clipperton Crew is IVANOV, CHAN and their young daughter.
Why Works Of Art Can Shake Us To Our Core (WATCH). 
Striking Street Art Captures The Geometric Romance Between Wood And Paint. 
First Nighter. The Money Shot (title appropriated from porn-industry jargon, if you didn't already know) shouldn't be as consistently amusing as it is.  LaBute get his laughs -- and he gets a carload of them -- from two embarrassingly easy targets.
Young Poet Explains The Essence Of Climate Change. 
Leonard Cohen at 80. 
Prepare to be Uncomfortable. Recently a client asked me how to tell the difference between the natural anxiety a person has when they're moving forward into something new and the gut instinct that something is truly wrong for them.
Theater. 'Almost Home' is set specifically during the Vietnam War and sets up a dichotomy between the kid who has returned from 'Nam in pain and needing somehow to talk and his father, a tight-lipped veteran of World War II.
This Man's Record-Setting Turban Weighs More Than A Child. 
How The Gotham Typeface Came To Define Our Era. 
Artist Merges Genders With Her Late Lover As Ultimate Artistic Collaboration (NSFW). 
First Nighter. There's no telling when Two Gentlemen of Verona will come around again.  So if an incarnation this good is available, that's even more reason to tune right in.
13 Life Lessons From 13 Years At Burning Man. If you can imagine standing in a crowd of hundreds and peering up at art installations/sculptures up to 100 feet high as they burst into flames in symbolic offerings, you would come away with feelings of awe, veneration, wonder and even dread.
Return of Gurney's Love Letters. This playgoer's memory of A. R. Gurney's Love Letters -- the 1988 two-character play consisting of letters between an upper crust boy-turned-man and girl-turned-woman, performed without memorization or blocking by a middle-aged pair of star actors -- is of an amusingly entertaining but slight affair.
The Absurdist Soap Opera Inspired By 'Our Town'. 
Instead of Taking Selfies, Take More Photos!. Photographs are beyond \memory-keepers\ for me. I believe that they are powerful tools. It can reveal secrets, share a story, forge an opinion, bind people and, to some extent, change the world all through simple perception.
This Is How You Visualize The Heartbeat Of A City. 
'Sea Tree' Is The Floating Green Oasis That Could Bring Nature To The City. 
Toddler Takes The Lead In Choreographing Interpretive Dance For Adults. 
Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen on the ImageBlog. 
The Glorious History Of Giant Fingers Ruining Photos. 
Part and Parcel. Elliott's poems don't encourage us to turn to the scholars, but to turn to one another. Together, we can reinvent this risky, dangerous place as our perch.
Crystal Bridges Exhibition Reveals Curatorial Missteps. Covering over 19,000 square feet of exhibition space, State of the Art
Mesmerizing Photographs Prove Burning Man Is Still Alive And Well. 
Photography. The important thing, what truly motivated me in producing this work, after endless research and a good deal of sleepless nights, is the fact that all my subjects were to keep their eyes closed for those very long six seconds that picture-taking required
The E in TEDx Maui 2014. 
These Are 32 Of The Most Stunning Submissions In This Year's World Photography Awards. 
Stella Abrera. Ballet history is usually made in the august opera houses of St. Petersburg, Moscow, London, Paris and New York. But these days historic moments in ballet are taking place elsewhere as Misty Copeland made her debut in Swan Lake.
These Portraits Of Moroccan Hipsters Are More Nuanced Than They Look. 
Winter Is Coming. If you are looking for ways to stay warm this winter, forget the Caribbean and take a plunge with the Coney Island Polar Bears. What struck me the most was the sense of community among the group. The water was cold but the experience has kept me warm inside to this day.
How One Woman Is Turning Her Online Harassment Into Art. 
Uniquely Asian, Uniquely Modern, Proudly Classical. For its 45th \Sapphire\ anniversary season, current Artistic Director Paul Morales has chosen an eclectic program, which opened in July with Agnes Locsin's historic La Revolucion Filipina, a controversial and thought-provoking examination of the events around the Philippine revolt against Spain.
10 Quotes On What Inspires Creativity, And What Most Definitely Does Not. 
Calling All Minds. Benjamin Moe, 21-year-old co-founder and editor-in-chief of Table Talk, sneaks about the dimly lit corridors of a coal factory in rural Jaipur, tacking CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS to the factory's rusty insides.
These Amazing Art Illusions Prove Paper Can Be Anything But Basic. 
Artist Turns Vintage Library Of Congress Photos Into Awesomely Creepy GIFs. 
The Option of Sensing the City. Sensing the city is a personal experience owned by each of us.  From a legal perspective, it is an urban property right that transcends public and private domains. It is a form of place-decoding that deserves more illustration and attention.
Street Artist Gives Johannesburg's Decrepit Landmarks A Neon Pink Makeover. 
Remembering 9/11. Somber. Soaring. Stern. Eerily silent. Chi Modu's breathtaking portrait of the late hip-hop legend Notorious B.I.G. resonates as powerfully as ever on this Sept. 11 anniversary. Chi, the former staff photographer, tells the story behind this photo:
Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival 2014 - Daniel Ulbricht/Ballet 2014. I photographed and filmed a lot of top-notch ballet this summer.
My Daughter Took Me to Burning Man. My husband and I were going to Burning Man for the first time -- under the tutelage of our 26-year old daughter, Zai, her partner, Phil, and a large group of their friends.
'Dance on the Lawn' -- Community Dance Festival Sets Standard. I had the privilege recently to attend a dance festival a bit different from the norm -- not one produced by an established organization, or part of a regional effort, or one of the well known dance festivals found in nearby New York City
Beloved Detroit Artist Dies At 60. 
Something Seems Very Wrong with Japan's 'Art Aquarium' Craze. 
Yield to Whim. I recently received an incredibly generous \gift of time\ from the Djerassi Resident Artist Program (DRAP) in Woodside, California. \Time\ seemed like a peculiar perk for an artist residency program to tout, but once I arrived on the ranch I understood what it meant.
Where Does Art Come From?. 
#childrennotsoldiers. This story is fiction, but it could unfold in Iraq or Syria or Afghanistan or Libya or the Central African Republic or Colombia or Ukraine or Gaza or the Philippines or anywhere in at least 23 countries around the world where conflicts affect children.
Going the Distance in the Entertainment Industry. Whatever you accomplish in this business will only come about if you pursue it. Nothing will come to you, no matter how much talent you may have.
Artist Channels Ancient Myths, Fairy Tales And Mundane Moments In Fantastical Crochet. 
Cindy Jackson's Stalled Rapture. By turns deftly framing the problem through satire and alleviating the pressure through humor and craftsmanship, Jackson's work speaks to our yearning for salvation partly through irony and partly through love.
For 15 Years, This Photographer Inserted Herself Into Other Women's Lives. 
Art Galleries Get Wise During the Busiest Time of the Year. Art patrons scramble trying to figure out which exhibition will have the best opening and art party. Yes, there are a few galleries that choose a later date to celebrate the opening of the next exhibition, but most have not strayed from this ritual.
The Powerful Reason This Artist Drew Vaginas (NSFW Video). 
Get Your Quick And Dirty Arts Education With Haiku Reviews. 
How The 'I Love New York' Logo Went From A Scribble To An Iconic Piece Of Graphic Design. 
Reinserting Black Women Into Art History. 
15 Stunning Male Dancers Expand What It Means To Be Masculine. 
Give Them an 'E' For Effort. Despite what some people think, storytelling is very much an acquired skill. Not everyone does a good job of it. Some folks are incapable of even launching a narrative.
Margaret Ouchida. Art history, ecclesiastics, fabulism and a profound delight in materials conspire in the studio of Margaret Ouchida.
Czech's Mix. The massive Colours of Ostrava Festival books major (and less major) acts from the world over. This year, there was a special opening night entitled \Crossroads\ dedicated solely to currents in Czech music.
Stage Door. It may sound an unusual topic for cabaret, but the actress, who devised the concept, melodies and vocal compositions, scores another musical triumph. Her jazzy rendition of Neruda's love poems is hypnotic, delivered in Spanish, French and English.
11 Odd Household Objects That Will Intrigue You, Then Frustrate You Beyond Belief. For as much discomfort her cruel designs give us, they do make us appreciate good design one hell of a lot more.
I Remember Trees. The dialogue between photograph and drawing begins to unpack complex economic and ecological forces that have shaped this landscape, mapping cycles of extraction and transformation from the scale of the neighborhood, to the region, to the globe.
Artist Turns Hundreds Of Old Shoes Into Something Spectacular. 
The True Cost Of Printing In Comic Sans Is As Horrifying As You'd Imagine. Little printing choices can have a big impact on our environment AND our wallets.
Thinking Outside the (White) Box. It is worth breaking out the map and heading to Thinhstudio in Hawthorne on September 6th for a one-night exhibition/cultural happening/artistic hangout.
3D Lytro Illum Photos. Lytro pictures are interactive photos built for the web. The camera incorporates a new technology known as light-field photography.
Art and Landscape in Nordland, Northern Norway. Adelsteen Normann, a painter born in Bod\u00f8, depicts the Norwegian landscapes, especially fjords.  The gallery owner, Harald Bod\u00f8gaard described Normann as \forgotten artist\ and he hopes to help bring him \into the light again.\
Why Are Art Galleries So Cold?. 
Who Needs 10 FPS when you can have 1 Frame Every 10 Minutes? 5 Min Portrait 1850's Edition. 
Conor Walton. Conor Walton, one of Ireland's leading representational painters, strives to create paintings that go beyond mere technical competence.
Sweet Meets, Sweet Treats. Although many of these stories are marketed to the public for the upswing of the story cycle (when two people meet and start to feel all tingly about each other), they often fail to mention the downside of the story.
Willi Dorner's 'Bodies in Urban Spaces' (VIDEO). 
5.5 Tips To Get Better Tennis Photos. 
A Portrait Of Millennial Artist Nguy\u1ec5n Chi. Nguy\u1ec5n is at a sensitive juncture in her life, one that finds her looking to the past for both forgiveness and permission so she can forge a future free from regret. But in doing so she's already claimed a new, divergent path.
Here's A Hermit Crab Shelter Because Why Not?. 
How Artists Are Transforming Detroit. 
The World's Largest Artist Colony Is About To Be Bulldozed. 
Indian Elephant Who Paints Gets Gallery Show. 
A Trove Of 'Lost And Found' Photos Reveal One Mystery Couple's Beautiful Life. 
Not Every Traditional Art Is Just a Handicraft!. Through my lenses for traditional art, I have been researching how regional art forms have emerged over centuries and how undiscovered talents in remote villages do extraordinary creativity in their native art form.
'Whisper In My Mask' Explores The Stunning Complexities Of Disguise. 
Indigenous Performance Artist Will Experience 8 Hours Of Abuse In 'Redskin'. 
Finding Art in Everyday Life. 
The Last Days of Summer. 
Fire Island Is Oasis For Queer Creatives. 
These Hyperrealistic Wood Sculptures Will Make Your Jaw Drop. 
Chris Trueman on the ImageBlog. 
Live and Dangerous. This year's headliners range in style from Busta Rhymes to Chic to Beck. But everyone knows about the big guys -- here are three emerging acts set to perform that are also well worth checking out if you plan on being in the UK for Bestival this year.
I Contain Multitudes. Their team didn't make the finals, or even the semifinals, but there was something about his performance, his intenseness, his citing Emily Dickinson with grit. The clip was so short, just a few words; no one would even know that he was performing Emily Dickinson...but I would know.
Choreographer Mark Dendy Enters the Labyrinth. I was intrigued when I recently read about Dendy's new dance-play, Labyrinth -- in particular, how it compared and contrasted to his earlier piece. Reading about it took me back to the brief time I spent with him, and I was eager to find out how his life and career had evolved.
This Badass Lady Taxidermist Stuffs Her Animals And Eats Them Too. 
Jeff Koons at the Whitney. Anyone who cares about contemporary art and is in New York City should certainly visit the Whitney Museum's current Jeff Koons retrospective. I went with low expectations, thinking I'd seen it all before. But I'm delighted to report that there is a lot to learn and enjoy in this retrospective.
Artist Turns Abandoned Building Into Life-Size Dollhouse. 
Eerie Photos Capture Scientists' Frightened Responses To Climate Change Discussions. 
Why I'm a Transformative Language Artist. Leary of bedpans, I was too clumsy to serve people in the friendly airs or pli\u00e9 on the unfriendly stage, too short and stubby to model, too easily-distracted to take dictation, and too much of a ham to be a good actress.
Artist Makes Masks Out Of Junk Food And Supremely Creeps Everyone Out (NSFW). 
Here's 'Twin Peaks' Re-Imagined As A Retro Arcade Game. 
And Here Is The LEGO House You've Always Dreamed Of. 
Marx Brothers Make Merry in TV Collection. The Shout! Factory release of \The Marx Brothers TV Collection,\ an omnibus of the Brothers Marx's post-film career TV appearances, is occasion enough to celebrate once more the irrepressible talents of Groucho, Chico and Harpo Marx.
Comic Takes Your Awful First Date To Its Logically Terrifying Extreme. 
We Can't Believe This Red Rock Canyon Tree Exists On Planet Earth. 
Exhibition Explores Body Image In Los Angeles. 
What Your Fear Can Tell You About Your Art. My fear was that in creating truthful work, I would finally be seen and would no longer be able to hide behind a safe facade. Yet when I consulted my desires, that was exactly what I wanted and what had lead me out of that religion in the first place.
Freyda Miller. Her process in putting this book together as a singular object in itself -- pulling together a multifaceted story out of disparate elements -- manifests the same aesthetic impulse to combine and reconfigure materials into a larger, complex but cohesive, holistic vision.
A Guitar Solo Set To The Exact Tune Of That Crazy, Weeping Japanese Politician. 
Scientists Calculate The Exact Minute Impressionism Was Born. 
Man Defaces Jeff Koons Retrospective With Own Blood. 
Behold, The Language Of Street Art In Istanbul. 
LOOK. 
Start-Art. For too long the contemporary art world has been the exclusive redoubt of insiders, tastemakers, and a privileged elite. Gertrude has exploded this paradigm, and fashioned a conversational forum that democratizes and demystifies contemporary art.
Highlights from Miami's 18th Brazilian Film Festival. Sexuality, infidelity and creativity dominate as central themes in the highlights from this week's lineup.
Artist's Underwater Crochet 'Bomb' May Have Killed Marine Life. 
Meet Marina Abramopug, The Grandpuppy Of Performance Art. 
14 Artists Who Are Transforming The Future Of Opera. 
We Are Star Dust. Even though we know much more about the stars now -- about how they are born, live and die -- our physical existence is so tethered to them, that I am convinced that the stars will continue to inspire magnificent poetry.
Plimpton! The Professional Amateur. Plimpton! Starring George Plimpton as Himself is a fascinating investigation of a literary figure who never really got his due. Whether it was because of his concentration on subjects such as sports; his participatory adventures in journalism; or his status as a public figure; many in the literary establishment never really took him seriously, despite his enormous contribution to the world of letters as head of The Paris Review.
The Selfie Made Out Of Blood You've (Maybe) Been Waiting For (NSFW). 
Photographer Sends His Kids Back In Time With These Moving Vintage Photos. 
Who Is FKA Twigs?. Twigs speaks to an age where musical genres are like ingredients best thoroughly mixed and baked. Twigs speaks to those whose lies are as important as their truths, especially those who can mix the two to create art.
Moving Side Show to Broadway. Whenever a show makes this big move it is a cause for celebration. It suggests that the producing theaters created something of value, something that for-profit producers believe will be of interest to a far wider audience than any single regional theater can reach.
Utah Shakespeare Festival Offers Unique Experience. The Utah Shakespeare Festival is truly unique. Founded in 1961 and presenting its first season in 1962, the organizers wanted to create something special. And they have.
First Nighter. It can said that while Poor Behavior isn't reprehensibly bad, it also isn't what you might call good. Well, maybe relatively. But relative to what?
A Conversation with Danielle Eubank, Expedition Artist, On Her Upcoming Trip to the Arctic Circle. Recipient of a 2014-15 Pollock-Krasner Foundation Grant, Danielle Eubank paints bodies of water. She also paints water as if it were a body. The way light plays on its surface, the way it reveals its depths to show actual and emotional ripples.
'The Lady of Shalott,' TE San Pedro Rep. Richard Wagner thought a gesamtkunstwerk, an integration of all the arts, would be the purest form of theatre. \The Lady of Shalott
An Art Form That Just Keeps Evolving. I'm often amused by the random juxtaposition of shows I attend from one night to the next. One could hardly position two American musicals that differ quite as much in their performance history, style, and appeal than the two I saw in back-to-back performances a few months ago.
Brace Yourselves, A Bjork Documentary Is Coming. 
10 (More) Gorgeous Colorized Photos That Put History In A New Light. 
La.Lit, a Literary Magazine, Launches Third Print Volume at City Museum of Kathmandu. What kind of space -- literary, cultural, socio-political, psycho-emotional -- does a Nepali writing in English have in Nepal? And in the world?
This Is What Happens When You Use A Waterfall As Your Canvas. 
The Vulnerable Side Of A 'Stalwart New York Song-And-Dance Man'. 
The Expressionist as Rationalist. Thinking is not always associated with abstract expressionism. After all, the technique was called \action painting\ and it's quarterback, Jackson Pollock, was intentionally or unintentionally rough around the edges.
Jewish Jesus and Identity Theft in Renaissance Art. If you look at Renaissance artworks that depict Jesus, you will not find any evidence of a Jew inside the Christianized Jesus -- even though the Gospels in the New Testament tell us that Jesus was Jewish to the core.
My Manhattan. The city was the co-star. On August 14, 1978, the dynamic duo was talking quietly about the staging of the next shot. We were on East 58th near the end of the street. It was almost dawn. The 59th Street Bridge loomed large in the background with its existing lights defining it in a majestic, urban way.
Artist Creates Handmade Digital Images By Stitching Pixels. 
The First Hasidic Rock Band. Dressed as their religion dictates, they set up their own equipment, they had no roadies, and from what I understand they couldn't play from sundown Friday to Saturdays because of the Sabbath.
16 Beautiful Life Lessons From The Pen Of A Children's Book Illustrator. 
Creativity Isn't Free. We creatives don't like to think of ourselves in those terms. We have a love/hate relationship with personal branding and ourselves as product (if the audience doesn't want what I have, well screw 'em).
It's About the Music, Stupid!. With so many people listening to music through earbuds, I frequently wonder if any of them have a library of music resting within their memory that they can access without the help of an electronic device.
Why You Need Painting to Say That Painting Is Dead. I'm a painter, so of course I find statements about the death of painting annoying, but also sloppy thinking, since painting is what it takes to be able to even make the statement.
How Garry Winogrand Captured America. 
The Hollywood Blacklist in Exile. Stories of the Hollywood blacklist of the 1940s and '50s are, by now, well known. Many books, articles and documentaries exist about the lives of actors who the studios deemed unemployable because of their association with the Communist Party.
'No Exit,' Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre, Long Beach, CA. It takes place in a small room. No windows, no mirrors, no way out. Uptown Estelle (Genevieve Simon) is attracted to Garcin (Anthony B. Cohen). Inez (Natalie Beisner) is attracted to Estelle.
Badass Feminist Robot Puts Pie Charts On Actual Pies. 
Stage Door. Give it up for Anna Fishbeyn, who manages to turn painful memoir into an insightful, entertaining show.
Sustainability of Traditional Art Forms. From the early civilization days, human beings believed in culture. Every society practiced one or the other form of art or craft.
Meet The Lady Gaga Of Myanmar. 
Time Release. After opens like a horror story. An ominous undertow pervades its early frames, giving us the feeling we are watching a scary movie that will tighten its screws and escalate our dread until something too terrifying to endure occurs.
Ultimate Proof That The Best Tourists Are '80s Tourists. 
Behold, The Beauty Of Pushkar's Holy Men. 
The Best Burning Man Kickstarter Is Way Simpler Than You'd Expect. 
Finally, Artist Paints Female Nudes As They Really Are (NSFW). 
This Animated Short Captures The Israel-Palestine Conflict In Under Four Minutes. 
Meet Cameron, The Countercultural Icon Who Bewitched Los Angeles. 
Streamsong Resort. 
The Many (Portrait) Faces of Virginia Woolf. 
This Man Inspires Us To Up Our Selfie Game, Big Time. 
Art School Defends Failing Student's Poo Sculpture. 
This Smart Gemstone Cap Is The Mood Ring Of The Future. 
NYC Photographer Leverages Instagram to Plot the Future of Marketing. In the past two years Instagram has shot to mainstream popularity. For those who may have just recently jumped on the bandwagon, you may not know that Instagrams' early adopters were photographers.
An Eggplant With A Yolk? These Fruits And Veggies Are Not What They Seem!. What you see is definitely not an orange.
An Artistic Milestone For One Of NYC's Most Prolific Female Playwrights. 
Proof The World Has Long Been Paranoid About Tropical Disease. 
Conversation Piece. The truth is that for the average person, visiting a local art show or museum means just admiring the artist's passion, celebrating their creative growth, and maybe searching for some inspiration for your own artistic or personal endeavors.
'The Man of La Mancha,' San Pedro Theatre Club. When someone's said to be quixotic, it's meant that they're too impractical and idealistic for their own good. Enter Man of La Mancha, written by Dale Wasserman, with words and music by Joe Darion and Mitch Leigh.
Hallucinatory Portraits That Rethink the Ways We Look at Women. 
10 Ballet Photos That Prove Dancing Is The Magical Alternative To Walking. 
This Mesmerizing GoPro Video Will Make You Feel Like A 'Human Coin'. 
The Threepenny Opera, The Garage Theatre IN COLLISION WITH Alive Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Bertolt Brecht's \The Threepenny Opera,\ directed by Eric Hamme for the Garage Theatre IN COLLISION WITH Alive Theatre, offers a rambunctiously cynical look at London's demimonde, at the corporatization of its street beggars, at the doings of its criminal underworld.
Twitter Fights of the High Renaissance. A blog and video that recently appeared on the HuffingtonPost Arts page -- Why Leonardo Da Vinci Was A Loser (And What That Means For You) -- has apparently re-ignited a longstanding feud between Leonardo da Vinci and his frenemy Michelangelo.
Twist and Shout. Accuracy is tossed out the window along with nuance, leaving audiences to either suspend reason and swallow sagas whole, or watch at a remove, uncertain which parts are (sort of) true, and which are fabricated to hit those bullet points deemed essential to commercial success.
A Master Builder. 
Damien Hirst Is Building A Town No One Wants. 
When it Comes to Leveling the Playing Field for Women Writers, VIDA Reminds us that Women are Not Alone. With the pervasiveness of gender inequality in nearly every arena, it's heartening to know that there are passionate individuals and organizations out there working hard to affect change.
Coming to America. According to Kander and Ebb, \If I can make it there, I'd make it anywhere.\ Perhaps more than anything else, that sentiment lies at the core of two new films seen at the 2014 San Francisco International Film Festival.
Artist Destroys Wedding Norms With Gorgeously Strange Bridal Portraits. 
Big Dreams Over Broadway (#ArtofY). Do you have big Broadway dreams? Read on as Synthia Link, a Swing in Bullets Over Broadway, shares how she landed her versatile and coveted role in Mel Brooks' jazz-age spectacle.
Shakespeare's Hamlet Heads to Honduras. In celebration of this anniversary, London's famous Globe theater company has launched an ambitious plan to perform Shakespeare's perhaps most famous play, Hamlet, in 205 countries over the next two years.
Qatar World Cup Stadium Workers Earn Way Less Than They Should. 
Here Are The Giant Luxury Towers That Will Replace New York's Most Iconic Graffiti Wall. 
Rock-and-Roll Dandies Through the Years. From 1960s British mods to soulful crooners to psychedelic guitarists, musicians from every genre have used fashion as a tool to amplify their brand and persona.
The Preservation Hall Jazz Band at the Ford Theater. 
Jon Pylypchuk on the ImageBlog. 
The Louvre Gardens Are Teeming with Rats. 
Styrofoam Stop-Motion Is The Next Beautiful Thing. 
Here's Proof That Beautiful Art Is Hiding In The Most Mundane Of Places. 
Can a Portrait Look Back?. The portrait genre was born out of a primal urge of conquering the biggest obstacle of life -- namely death.
Stunning Auction Highlights The New Faces Of Middle Eastern Art. 
Birds of a Feather. With the strong British influence throughout ABT's history -- it currently counts its Macmillan and Ashton repertory among its greatest strengths -- it is no surprise that ABT has focused on the narrative potential of the work.
Ill Visuals. Rising stars, in their own right, Rez Ones and Boogie's lives are already on display and getting involved with someone that shares their passion and lifestyle can be a blessing and a curse. When it's good, it's great.
#AOLBUILD Spotlights Lindsey Stirling. 
12 Delicious Marcel Duchamp Quotes To Unleash Your Inner Artist. 
Attention Must Be Paid. The San Francisco Opera recently revived John Copley's 1987 production of Verdi's masterpiece (commissioned by Terry McEwen) as part of its 2014 summer season. Not having seen this particular production since it came online nearly 25 years ago, I had looked forward to getting reacquainted with its charms.
Koons, Walker and the Examination of Life and Death. Jeff Koons and Kara Walker are far from the first artists to explore the concept of life and death in their artwork. In fact, this concept is the very essence of what the art world constantly seeks to investigate.
First Nighter. Before he began writing as well as directing his celebrated movies, Preston Sturges uncorked Strictly Dishonorable, a hit Broadway show.  It was such a click that although it opened a little more than a month before the October 1929 stock market crash, it ran until January 1931.
Theater. I only showed up out of polite interest as a Sturges fanatic, wondering if glimmers of his genius would be visible. Indeed, his sparkling, distinctive gift for dialogue and whiplash changes in emotion from sincere to silly are on full display.
Robert Wilson's Lady Gaga Portraits at The Watermill Center's Annual Summer Benefit/ \Andy Warhol. 
'Kick' (Hindi, with English subtitles). 
Mutoid Waste Guide the Lost Tea Party to Burning Man. The first experience of a Mutoid Waste installation may  trigger a load of reactions. Often it starts with the inevitable \wow\ of disbelief. After a few seconds, when reality has somehow kicked back in, this disbelief morphs into pure joy and then a sense of playfulness.
Artist Sends 99 Sad Critters Down China's 'Dead Pigs' River. 
Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (Humpty Sharma's Bride); Hindi, with English subtitles. Watching Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (Humpty Sharma's Bride), a Bollywood romantic comedy written and directed by Shashank Khaitan, is like watching soccer. It's got a huge playing field, the clock keeps ticking, and there's always something going on.
Maya Bloch on the ImageBlog. 
Our First Year. This month marks the first anniversary of the Barbara Prey Gallery on Main Street in Williamstown, Massachusetts.  Opening a gallery was not something I had honestly planned.
Breathtaking Photos Of Witch Doctors And Healers Reveal The Spiritual Diversity Of Bolivia. 
CultureZohn. \You have to practice finishing,\ Tiler reminds the toe students after a series of turns, \you can't just stop in mid-step and freeze.\ A good lesson for life as well as ballet.
Artist Conjures The Ghosts Hidden In Found Vintage Photos. 
ANDY. The Bearded Ladies cabaret has an carved out an avid theater following in Philadelphia in just a couple of years. The nine-member troupe explores the many traditions and forms the art of cabaret can take, even for the opera stage.
This Is How Many Plastic Bottles New Yorkers Discard In One Hour. 
This Is What Making Out Actually Looks Like. 
Emoji Are Taking Over The World, And One Artist Is Documenting The Damage. 
Terry Richardson Photos Get Even Creepier (NSFW). 
A BIG Maze Inspired By Ancient Labyrinths Takes Over A Museum. 
Reality and Imagination. For this ongoing project titled \Reality and Imagination,\ photographer Leslie Jean-Bart spends hours at Coney Island, studying the sea, the sand, the boardwalk, the people, their interactions.
Janet Krupin Keeps Dance Music Trill. Krupin and Caraballo have a vision of electronic dance music (EDM) that refreshes people through movement and sound, a vision of dance music that leaves people with a cleared mind and increased connection with the universe.
Ojai Turns on the Water Works. Direct, immediate, nuanced, and responsive to the artist's hand, water-based mediums defy attempts at revision, demanding that the artist work quickly and intuitively, and be acutely present in the moment.
This Floating Platform Could Filter The Plastic From Our Polluted Oceans. 
Classics in HD -- Film School 101 at Symphony Space. Under the expert curatorial guidance of Ed Budz, the Thalia theater at Symphony Space is offering a remarkable cinematic series this summer. Appropriately if prosaically titled Classics in HD, it includes some of the most memorable films in 20th century film history.
Tattoo Artist Brings Dots And Lines To New Heights In Stunning Geometric Ink Designs. 
Awol Erizku's Eight-Track. Erizku is a photographer and a self-reflective curator.  He tells me that he envisioned his show as a mixtape - he's got some hits mixed in with some tracks that he might need to convince you are worth a listen.
Laura Palmer's House Could Become A 'Twin Peaks' Museum, Shrine And B&B. 
This Is What Happens When Doodles Grow Up. 
A Letter to AirBnB's CEO, With Love, From Georgia O'Keeffe. I can understand your frustrations if the gadflies are harping on the implications of your rebrand. I never intended to offend or titillate my viewers either; rather I wanted to set myself a part from others.
A Love Letter To Louise Bourgeois, A Feminist Icon Whether She Likes It Or Not. 
Czech Folk-Rock. \u010cechomor marked their 25th year as a band in 2013, and they celebrated with another live concert and recording project, their most ambitious in a career of ambitious projects
Surreal Portraits Of 'Face-Peeled' People. 
10 Things You Might Not Know About Cindy Sherman. I was wondering recently what might be gleaned from them if they were considered individually. This is the reality of how they're most often exhibited and reproduced now anyways.
The Bard of the Upper Reaches. My favorite course in college was one of the obvious and simple ones
This Organic Skyscraper Is Designed To Literally Grow As Its Residents Recycle. 
Interview With the Last Peyote Guardians. Jos\u00e9 Luis \Katira\ Ram\u00edrez was serving as the governor of his community of San Andr\u00e9s Cohamiata, Jalisco, when he met Argentine filmmaker Hern\u00e1n Vilchez. He was not like any governor Vilchez had ever met.
India's 'Flower Men' Are A New Kind Of Masculine. 
Piece of My Heart. I got both leading ladies to participate in my recurring feature where I ask actors random, often silly, questions taken directly from the subject matter or text of the show.
Sex Lessons from the Old Masters (NSFW). With the debut of the cable series Masters of Sex, any purely art historical Google search for risque old master paintings is now totally skewed to the Showtime television program.
10 Things About Having an Opera Career That You Don't Learn in School. As someone who has been working in this industry for the past 15 years, I wanted to share with all of you some of the tidbits I wished someone had told me when I was starting out. Brace yourselves - it's not all pretty.
In Art and Life. The more I've evolved as a person, the more I've embraced my humanity and know many of my character defects are simply survival skills gone awry. Unbeknownst to me, the more I accepted myself, the tighter I gripped my paintbrushes
Marble Statue Looks Exactly Like Ron Swanson, But Was Carved In Mid-1800s. 
Lithuanian Orchestra Performs With A Piano-Playing Cat, Calls It A 'Catcerto'. 
5 Penis-Shaped Toys That Show Japan Fears Only One Gender's Genitals. 
Art Collective Puts Nuclear History In Perspective. 
First Nighter. 
Repurposing With a Passion. In an attempt to bring together compelling examples of this trend, I asked a number of artists from various parts of the world to answer four questions with the hopes of clarifying this ever-increasing phenomenon of repurposing with a passion.
Life Interrupted -- My Experience at the Jerusalem Film Festival. When are the sirens going to go off next? How can this ever end? Will our lives always be interrupted by these sirens? Weddings, openings of festivals, can we have major events? Will normality ever return?
Who Knew Photographing Puddles Could Be So Mesmerizing?. 
The Giant Red Ball That's Touring The Globe In The Name Of Art. 
Interview With Louise Munson, Playwright of Luigi. I spoke with Munson about her new work, a story of poetry, memories and the intergenerational connection of family.
'Fiddler on the Roof' -- Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre. Old habits die hard. Especially when the habits are religious traditions and the agents of change seek to persecute those traditions. \Fiddler on the Roof,\ written by Joseph Stein, music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, directed by Phyllis B. Gitlin for the Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre, is a moving and painful account of the conflict.
Meet the Ladies of the West Hamilton Koons Club. 
In Real Time. Engagement comes in the unfolding of these richly drawn lives, and the nostalgic reviewing of our own. It all seems so real, and yet, Boyhood is scripted in its major moments, with improvisation from the actors.
On Kawara, Japanese Conceptual Artist, Dies At 81. 
Urban Living and the Necessity of the Arts. In coping with many of the issues we face, urban mayors spend much time focusing on the live and work part of growing their cities, but the play portion is similarly important, especially when it comes to the arts.
14 Beautiful Artworks That Prove Brazil Is Much More Than The World Cup. 
One Artist's Love Affair With New York City, Frozen In Time. 
Ives Maes on the ImageBlog. 
The Artist and the Astronaut by Bruce Helander. 
Cinematic Ukraine. There is no better time for a film festival in Ukraine, even if it would appear to be during such a volatile moment in the country's history.
Behold, The Most Magical (And Massive) Picnic Of All Time. 
These Gorgeous 'Sculptures' Were Built By Bees. 
How China's Most Famous Grounded Artist Collaborated With A Navajo Man Thousands Of Miles Away. 
A Stravinsky Vaudeville with Claws. If the Devil had a band that doubled as a theater production company, that company might the The Drunkards Wife, for nothing this delightfully experimental could be considered holy.
American Families in Crisis. While each of these dramas deals with weighty issues, it's no surprise to hear the audience frequently laughing during the performance. Is it because one man's tragedy is another man's comedy? Or because human beings, in their most fallible moments, are a constant source of wonder and entertainment?
First Nighter. William Shakespeare historians have tried and failed to find a figure during the reigns of Henry IV and Henry V who might have been the inspiration for Sir John Falstaff, whom many of the playwright's advocates consider the preeminent Shakespeare character.
'Bobby Jasoos' (Hindi; English subtitles). Bilkis Ahmed aka Bobby (Vidya Balan) wants to be a detective. But there are obstacles. First, her training. She has none, a point her boss from the agency where she wanted to work pounds home. Second, her gender. She's a woman.
For Your Viewing Pleasure, We Present Some Nude Piles As Art (NSFW). 
There's A Tiny Pool In The Middle Of The Mojave Desert, And You Can Swim In It. 
You Might Not Know It, But Parakeets Have Invaded The Skies Of Tokyo. 
Winning Our Independence Required Vision and Muscle -- With a Hearty Helping of Art. I like to think Washington and Franklin would be proud as we celebrate our great country this weekend with music, with art, with community. It's a very American thing to do.
The Accidental Sensuality Of Ancient Indian Wrestling. 
'Big Bad' Israeli Film. American film aficionados (and Academy members) seem predisposed to view Israeli film in a specific light -- that of the conflict. That makes sense. It's sensational, tragic and ongoing. But this leaves American audiences with a skewed view.
GHOST the Musical. The magic of GHOST, both the film and musical production, is the chilling sensation you get watching the hero fight for the woman he loves from beyond the grave.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat.
ROW Premieres Tchaikovsky Rarity. Pianist and repertoire specialist Ghenady Meirson has been the go to-master for two decades in Philadelphia for authentic Russian operatic repertoire.
A Rose for Martha's Vineyard. The earliest memory Rose has of creating art was when she was five-years old. She would sit with pencils in her hand and draw and draw until she was exhausted.
4 Contemporary Female Photographers Who Put The Middle East In Perspective. 
X-Woman. A month later, Darrow handed me an X-Men comic book opened to an early page. I was stunned. There I was. My face, my hair, my physique. But on the page I wasn't a student and a personal trainer, I was Dr. Cecilia Reyes.
Living Legends of Jazz. I continue to believe that jazz is an art form that has become the most internationally cooperative means of communication in the world today. As artists and listeners alike have found out it can be a tremendously spiritual medium allowing us to transcend everyday life with beauty and connectivity.
M\u00e9lissa Laveaux at The Global Beat Festival - Serving Smiles and Warmth. The rain in the beginning of New York's summer season occurs often and prodigiously. It doesn't however, impede the progress or plans of the average Gotham pedestrian.
You Can Plant A Virtual Tree That Grows To The Rhythm Of Your Heartbeat. 
Start Spreading the News. Send a clear, concise well-formatted email that focuses on highlights from the season, including some photographs, to donors (and key prospects), volunteers, board members, subscribers and key press. This is a very inexpensive and easy way to celebrate the year just finished.
Jennifer Reeves 1963 - 2014, With Apologies To ee cummings' (Buffalo Bill's). 
Mama Won't Fly, Little Fish Theatre, San Pedro, CA. It's summer. That means we need beach type entertainment material. Navigable, fun, not too ponderous. It also means road trips, planned as much as one can plan a road trip, a chance to connect with family, and, also, fun.
Artist's Portrayal Of Kim Kardashian As A Religious Idol Stirs Controversy, Obviously. 
Undeniable Labors of Love. Politicians, warriors and self-important fools frequently fail to learn anything from the past. But for creative types, the past offers a wondrous portal which invites them to explore science and history (as well as the history of comparative religion, costume design, distant cultures and lots more).
Kim Gordon And Arcade Fire Are In A Short Film Together, Commence Collective Squee. 
An Artist, Wrapped In A Mystery, Inside Shiny Stainless Steel. 
Mary Rodgers. Mary Rodgers died yesterday, at the age of 83.  I do hope that her book is forthcoming, as she was a firsthand observer of and participant in our musical theater world.  And one who was willing to speak candidly, with good nature and humor.
Ask the Art Professor. Today, saying you want to be a full-time art professor is basically like saying you want to be an A-list movie star.
We Never Thought We'd Say This, But These Skulls Look Good Enough To Eat. 
27 (More) Photographers You Need To Follow On Instagram Right Now. 
Agnieszka Holland's Burning Bush. Political films tend to create a black and white universe and Burning Bush is rescued from being a lives of the saints, employing the Czech penchant for ambivalence and irony, which serve to broaden its moral spectrum
M.F.A Abstraction, Crapstraction, Dropcloth Abstraction or Zombie Abstraction? Recommended Reading #2. If you haven't seen this series of videos, they're a great learning/teaching resource on the painting techniques of the Abstract Expressionists -- specifically Pollock, Newman, Rothko, Reinhardt and Kline -- by Corey d'Augustine of The Museum of Modern Art, New York.
Philly's Whacky Reception Groupies. If you've ever been to an event in Center City that included a reception, such as opening night at the theater or an art gallery, you know how much fun they can be.
Forget Everything You Knew About The Circus -- This Performance Is Fine Art. 
Talking to Jordan Rudess about HarmonyWiz. 
What Makes a Plan Strategic?. While many arts institutions may have the same general goals (sell more tickets, raise more money, etc.) the path to achieving these goals will differ markedly from one organization to another.
Reach Out and Touch Someone. When people think about artistic achievement, many focus on an individual's triumph in winning an award to recognize his talent. The truth is that the road leading up to that person's moment of glory was paved with the input of many others.
Stage Door. Barcel\u00f3 Con Hielo, written by Marco Antonio Rodriquez, who also plays Nino, poignantly delves into the tricky torment of memory with both humor and pathos. Rodriquez posits a family drama in which two sons, the responsible Sergio, a young painter, and irresponsible Dennis, cope with their ailing father.
Universal Humanism or Identity Art? Which Works Better for You?. When I look at works of art I am more interested than ever in a single question
15 International Summer Art Exhibitions You Should Definitely See. 
This Upcoming Exhibit On 'Human Freedom' Is Ironic For A Few Reasons. 
The Surpising Beauty Of The World's Most Eccentric Hobby Clubs. 
S\u00f3nar Festival Offers More Than You Might Expect. This year, S\u00f3nar highlighted a very modern reality
Holbrook/Twain. On June 18, 2014 the American Film Institute offered audiences the opportunity to become familiar with the truth when its five-day documentary festival in Washington D.C. opened with an instant classic.
Ground Zero. This anonymous little store will endure as the truest testament of what was there and all that was lost. It stands as the purest expression of memory possible
Bj\u00f6rk Is Getting Her Own Massive Art Exhibition. 
The Cultural Landscape Architects. \When the Stars Begin to Fall
Living on the Edge. Given the North American urban renaissance, how much development can the highly desirable edge of a park absorb? How much vertical aspiration can our horizontal ideal accommodate?
Watch Out, There's A Giant Armadillo-Like Structure Taking Over Paris. 
Classic Portraits Are Way Better When Painted On Beer Cans. 
The (Tortured) Soul of Wit. I like to imagine that the collected works of @NeinQuarterly will make their way into a dissertation one day, perhaps written by an earnest graduate student interested in U.S.-German cultural relations as mediated by the internet in the 2010s.
Photographer Documents Things We Tell The Internet, But Wouldn't Tell Our Moms. 
Get Me. If Joe Beck somehow had the desire, the dream to leave one last recorded legacy of what this music really meant to him, then surely the brilliantly recorded Get Me is a wonderfully realized dream.
This Street Performer Has A Vocal Range Like Nothing You've Ever Heard Before. 
Powering Up. Despite LaBute's unfortunate script, Power Plays is an overall enjoyable, light night at the theatre. The 75-minute runtime and affordable price make this an easy night of live theatre.
Colorado Ballet Company Proves Dancers Have Way More Fun Than The Rest Of Us. 
This 'Mud Mural' Is Changing The Lives Of Indian Schoolkids. 
Debunking the Myths of Kara Walker's Sugar Sphinx. Kara Walker's sugar sphinx descended upon Brooklyn last month, bringing well over 35 tons of sweetness to the cavernous darkness of the old Domino Sugar Factory.
Papa, Can You Hear Me?. I first saw Wilson's play during its 1987 pre-Broadway tryout at the Curran Theatre in San Francisco with James Earl Jones in the lead role. At the time, I found it difficult to appreciate Wilson's play.
Mesmerizing Nudes Show A Softer Side Of America's Darkest Street Photographer (NSFW). 
Images Of 'The Great American City' Will Take You Back In Time. 
From Picasso to Joyce, Dylan, and Jobs. Stylistic versatility has penetrated one discipline after another
On Trial. I struggled to write this article. I was imagining people scouring the article for every little thing I did wrong. I was constantly questioning the worth and validity of what I had to say.  I'm still doing it as I write this.
Bunny Yeager's Vibrant Legacy Lives on in Las Vegas. The photographer on the beach that day was Bunny Yeager and the model was 32-year old Bettie Page. This iconic image is included in the exhibition \Bunny's Bombshells\ at Sin City Gallery in Las Vegas.
Portraits Of Sikh Men Reveal The Diverse Beauty Of Turbans And Beards. 
\Cartographia. This exhibition proposes that artists are mapmakers, their works, maps, and their audience, orienteers. It also suggests a correlation between its content and form. If maps and mapping strategies are the content, then a virtual exhibition is its form.
An Abridged History Of Times New Roman, The Most Famous Font In The World. 
Israel Without the Conflict. A new trend is rising in Israeli cinema. While the world is, for the most part, more interested in Israeli films on the topic of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, Israel's real cinematic success is coming from stories of life in Israel outside the conflict.
Artist Transforms Everyday Materials Into Towering Alien Landscapes. 
Beautifully Bizarre Ceramic Masks Explore The Dark Side Of Agoraphobia. 
A Stunning Photography Project For Uber Film Nerds Everywhere. 
'Hedwig' Takes Home Tony For Best Revival Of A Musical. 
A Complete List Of The 2014 Tony Award Winners. 
These Gorgeous Book Sculptures Are Leaving Us Speechless. 
Channeling Picasso In The Digital Age. 
Let There Be Light. Few artists paint from the perspective that \You're only as big as the canvas that's facing you.\ Sculpted by the father-and-son team of Gutzon and Lincoln Borglum, the Mount Rushmore National Memorial is one of the few exceptions to the rule.
Engagement F\u00e9minin. In Burkina Faso, dancer Salimata Wologem fills the room when she moves. Whatever the choreography, the forcefulness of her dancing depicts an individual conquering the limitations of space and society.
Reclusive 'Calvin And Hobbes' Creator Returns To Comics. 
Young Chinese Artists. My Generation
These Indian Village Quilts Channel The Great Modern Masters. 
Still Edgy After All These Years. It's hard to imagine the Southern California music scene without Jacaranda's \Music at the Edge of Santa Monica\ shaping and defining it.
My Love Affair With the Cannes Film Festival. Many of the films that are shown in the Cannes competition and parallel sections are difficult and challenging to watch. This is a festival that encourages artistic freedom and there is always that one movie that will blow everyone away.
Tattooed Porcelain Dolls Offer An Alternative Way Of Viewing The Feminine Body. 
Back from the Valley. Sebastian Junger has managed to find intriguing angles on the deployment and on the longest military commitment in U.S. history in Korengal, which opened on Friday. The new film offers some sober reflection to the visceral jolt that came with Restrepo.
Mohamed Hefzy. To Egyptian audiences Hefzy offers a new type of movie, modern and urban, while to the rest of the world a blend of wonderfully written characters and slice-of-life poetic interpretations of today's land of chaos and humanity, so often watched on the news and yet so seldom understood.
The Venice Architecture Biennale of 2014. Rem Koolhaas deconstructs buildings to see what makes them work.
The Grateful Dead and the Great Pyramid. You could say things ended well.
Bold As Love -- Past Is Prologue. In the year following the release of Jimi Hendrix's third masterpiece album, Electric Ladyland, it was apparent that the band with which he had skyrocketed to fame, The Jimi Hendrix Experience, had ceased to exist
The Enduring Legacy of Clark Hulings. Clark Hulings was an American master painter who was said to be able to describe air itself with paint. Surviving, even thriving, as a realist painter throughout the second half of the 20th century was no easy feat but Hulings had the talent and dedication.
Backyard Brilliance at the Echo Theater. Mickey Birnbaum returns with the stunningly brilliant and hilarious tale of teenage backyard wrestling in the wasteland of San Diego's border suburbs.  Birnbaum's gift for dialogue and unsentimental character portrayal is on full display here, as he dissects with great humor and insight the lives of a family of lost souls.
12 Stunning Reasons New Yorkers Should Look Up. 
Stage Door. William Inge is a dark chronicler of small-town Midwest lives. The roles of alcohol and sexual impropriety are familiar threads in his work -- a striking contrast to the white-picket fence world of assumed propriety.
Judy Chicago on the ImageBlog. 
April Nordbee. April Nordbee, a 29-year-old mother of two who lives in Wisconsin, has found her life completely changed over the past two years, all as the result of a lucky keystroke error she made during a Google search that caused her to discover the life and work of artist Marcel Duchamp.
The Drama Desks, All The Way, M&M's and More. 
Comedy, Tonight!. A popular show business axiom insists that \Dying is easy, comedy is hard.\ While any performer who has bombed onstage will quickly acknowledge this bitter truth, the bottom line is that comedy depends on good ideas and solid execution.
Stage Door. Forbidden Broadway Comes Out Swinging! pays homage to the very institution it savages. Only a passionate theater lover could pen such a smart, insightful score, and Alessandrini shares his thoughts about the show's longevity.
10 Jarring Vintage Photos Of An Empty New York City. 
Night and Her Stars, the Garage Theatre in Collision With Alive Theatre, Long Beach, CA. The show ends, sweetly if not a little sadly, with the two of them outside, not in front of a miniature, black and white screen. The father teaches the son the names of the trees on his property.
Photographer Captures Wild Portraits Of 'Sand Creatures' That Defy Gravity. 
We Are the Best! Lukas Moodysson's Love Song to Youth. There has never been a movie that has so impeccably captured the feeling of being 13 years old. Frame by frame, Lukas Moodyson immerses his audience in the ocean of na\u00efve rage that pulsates in the hearts of three pubescent punks.
To Be Strong. Over the past few years, the artistic talent and creative drive has been on the rise in North Jersey. Young filmmakers are producing high quality content with nothing more than a few pieces of necessary production equipment and some passion to bring stories to life through picture and sound.
Taste at Sacred Fools in LA. Benjamin Brand's play, based on the 2001 incident in Germany in which a man agreed to be killed and eaten by another man (dubbed the Rotenberg Cannibal) has been justifiably praised for impeccable performances by Donal Thoms-Cappello and Chris L. McKenna, as well as for the audacious tackling of the subject matter by Brand.
You Won't Believe What Just Washed Up In The East River. 
First Nighter. Guess it's blowin' in the zeitgeist, but two adaptations involving rhymed classics are available in Manhattan this weekend only and worth any theatergoer's precious time.
La Bayad\u00e8re at the Met. This week Ballet to the People settled into the Met for three back-to-back performances by a beloved ABT veteran, a 22-year-old Bolshoi sensation and an established star of the Mariinsky Ballet.
A Jeff Koons Is Coming To 30 Rock. 
First Nighter. Turns out that AJ Taudevin, who wrote Chalk Farm with Kieran Hurley, and Julia Taudevin, who appears in the 55-minute play with Thomas Dennis, are the same person.  That's another way of saying that the charged feeling expressed by the mother in the one-act is shared by both author and actor and therefore movingly synergistic.
Identical Twins Combine Art And Math In Hypnotic Exhibition. 
The Way We See. 
Surreal Paintings Reveal The Violent Absurdities Of The Colombia Drug Trade. 
The Art Book That Will Make You Smile 'Til Your Face Hurts. 
YouTube. Now that people are learning new things faster, and recording what they are doing, it challenges others to do something more advanced, in other words, \one-upping\ and that ultimately continues the trend.
Postscript. There was part of me that didn't want to get involved in the discussion at all because I wanted the news about it to end so that the singer in question could just forget about it and move on.
Meet The World's First Woman Graphic Novelist. 
13 Music Festivals You Should Actually Attend This Summer. 
Reinventing Reality. The film Party Girl, which opened the 'Un Certain Regard' section this year in Cannes, had a very special, personal meaning for me, an extra reason to watch it...
White Lies? Fibs? Tall Tales? Just Tell the Truth. \Art is a lie that makes us realize truth,\ Pablo Picasso told an interviewer in 1923, but artists also need to adhere to a less lofty form of truthfulness.
The Titli Interviews. For me, there is always a film within a festival that defies all expectations. Of course, to even choose a film from a catalogue of hundreds, it has to be on my radar for a few reasons (some truly mundane) which include favorite actor or actress, filmmaker, writer or producer.
Fujiko Nakaya Wraps Philip Johnson's Glass House in Artificial Fog (VIDEO). 
The Philanderer, Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre. In George Bernard Shaw's The Philanderer, directed by Elaine Herman for the Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre, Leonard Charteris (Andy Gerges) is a cad that masquerades as a progressive lover.
Star Wars Figurines Make Friends With Small Rodents, The Galaxy Is At Peace. 
The Cannes Diaries. Cannes was full of unusual discussions and strange happenings.
Breaking. 
When the Bubble Bursts. Two new films shown at CAAMFest 2014 examine what happens when the bubble of supposed perfection bursts and people must struggle to save face while scrambling to hide their emotional scars. Not surprisingly, in both films technology plays a key part in ruining people's innocence.
Incredible Visual History Of Music Festivals Will Remind You Why You Love Summer. 
YNS Pumps Up the Fab Phils Volume Before Asian Tour. US-China relations have their ups and downs but the Philadelphia Orchestra is about to continue their series of musical cultural exchange with China.
Memory Postcard. 
Forget the Street Photography Gimmicks, Concentrate on the Image. A lot of what gets praised as great street photography these days has to do with juxtaposition, forced perspective or some bizarre subject matter. For sure, those images deserve their due. However, I tend to favor photos that have great light and composition, and where the subject is a little more sublime.
Y a mi, qu\u00e9? Who Does the Civil Rights Movement Belong To?. How can an exhibit in Brooklyn about the civil rights movement not include the history of the Young Lords, and the Puerto Rican political movement and the artists it inspired throughout the '60s and beyond?
Multimedia Dance Performance Celebrates Harlem's Vibrant Queer Culture. 
Beauty Fierce as Stars*, Groundbreaking Women Painters 1950s and Beyond at Mythos Fine Art & Artifacts. At Mythos Fine Art & Artifacts in Berkeley, co-curators Karen Zullo Sherr and Sue Steel are presenting the first of two exhibitions showcasing the works of women painters who were active in the Bay Area art scene of the 1950s.
Acting Techniques You Can Apply to Real Life (to Some Extent). Sometimes, too much coaching is more detrimental than helpful. At some point, take the training wheels off and fly solo.
Jennifer Bartlett's History of the Universe. Bartlett occupies another place in the pantheon of modernism to the extent that she refuses such categorization. There's something almost homespun about Bartlett's brand of abstraction. At times her paintings exude the feeling of Americana, of folk art.
For the Love of Theater. A few weeks ago, I wasn't feeling so great. My allergies were bothering me and I was tired, as I often am this time of year. Then I went to the theater. Miraculously I felt better during Act One.
The Arts Are Chocolate for the Brain. Crossword puzzles, word scrambles and other \brain games\ are popular choices for people trying to preserve their memory. Yet, recent research shows these activities are not challenging enough.
Artist Gives Train Riders A Gorgeous Reason To Look Out The Window. 
President's Turnaround Arts Program Expanded. For the last few years, eight of the nation's lowest performing schools selected, have embraced the arts and art integration -- teaching other disciplines through the arts -- and the results have been extremely encouraging.
Perfection Is So Overrated. Perfection is so overrated and boring. Call me twisted but during my quarter century in theatre, I loved it when things went wrong.
The Tony Nominations, Three Weeks Later. Often I am surprised with something right as the nominations come out, but, upon reflection, my surprise changes to understanding. This year that wasn't so. My opinions haven't changed since the announcements.
Toygodd Attends Pretty in Plastic for Ghostbusters 30th Anniversary L.A. Art Show @ Gallery1988 West. Welcome back to another review of an art show! I traveled south to Gallery 1988 West to view the 30th Anniversary of Ghostbusters traveling art show. The first leg was in New York and I was very lucky that it came to L.A.
Artist Creates Delicate Nude Portraits On The Insides Of Eggshells (NSFW). 
Album May Be \Final,\ But Cuban Singer Ferrer Is Not Done Yet. In a country where the government controlled the media, his ability to reach listeners was stunted. Nevertheless, he has continued to write and occasionally perform and release albums.
The Space Odyssey of Lucio Fontana. For whatever reason, Italy offered few potential students, as few ambitious and gifted young Italians dedicated themselves to artistic careers in the 1950s and '60s. As a result Fontana, like Giorgio Morandi, appears today as a relatively isolated master rather than as a leader of an important movement.
Theater. Broadway By The Year is firing on all cylinders as it celebrates 100 years of musical theater with its biggest series yet.
Double Vision. Without a clear picture of the art and other programs that will be mounted in the future, the organization cannot achieve its mission, cannot build an audience or donor base and, frankly, is of little value. Arts organizations, after all, exist to produce art.
The Cannes Diaries. Walking up the stairs of the Theatre Croisette inside the JW Marriott after the screening, I felt as if I was thankfully coming up for air, after having been submersed in feelings and beautifully cinematic anguish for nearly two hours.
Sleek Cut Paper Illustrations Will Bring Out The Minimalist In You. 
Modernism Gallery and the Late Mark Stock. Muller felt the emotion in his work even in a newspaper image he spotted in the mid-eighties, after which he spent a long time seeking Stock out. He then commissioned Stock to create a painting inspired by an earlier book of Conrad's.
This Is What Happens When Two Powerful Female Street Artists Join Forces. 
Cartoons, Chaos and Commedia, Oh My!. The mind works in mysterious ways. During one week I had some bizarre experiences in dreamland that covered sights and sounds quite different from past adventures.
'Little Book Of Big Ideas' Is Smaller Than A Safety Pin, Wiser Than You. 
11 Things Famous Artists And Cultural Figures Can Teach You About Creativity. 
The Cannes Diaries. The festival kicked off perfectly for me inside the Palais on Wednesday morning, to watch the first Cannes screening of Olivier Dahan's Grace of Monaco, starring Nicole Kidman. I expected entertainment from the film and instead, got a lesson in what it means to be a woman, a strong woman.
Street Photography in Stockholm (Pt. 2). I want to capture something real. Something that quenches my thirst for authenticity. Big words for something that is just a simple personal emotion, that if you are lucky, is shared by others as well.
Sustaining Artists in the the 21st Century. Saeculum Obscurum, Latin for \The Dark Ages,\ was coined by Caesar Baronius in 1602 to describe the cultural decline of the Roman Empire between the 5th and 15th century in Western Europe.
War - Art - Peace. War is in the air again. Be it in Ukraine, surrounded by the second largest stash of nuclear weapons on earth outside the U.S., or among the legions of child soldiers in Somalia, Congo and Sudan, or with bad luck, back on the Indochinese peninsula up to Bangladesh.
7 Unusual Bus Shelters Designed By World Class Architects. 
Springing Into May/Charitable & Cultural Catch-Up. Charitably yours attended the kick-off cocktail for the Southampton Animal Shelter Foundation \Pit Bulls as Pets\ encouraging rescue and adoption of these sweet canines.
Your Favorite Avant-Garde, Shock Filmmaker Is An Artist Now. 
7 Years at Ground Zero (Video). Over the past seven years, I've been allowed to observe and document the process of conceiving, curating, building, and now opening to the public the National 9/11 Memorial Museum. My images and recordings span seven remarkable years.
Artist Explores The Concept Of Disgust In Magically Grotesque Exhibition. 
Magical Photo Series Brings The Moon To You. 
10 Wildly Detailed Drawings Of Fictional Cityscapes That Will Make Your Head Spin. 
These Photos Of 1960s Protests Will Stop You In Your Tracks. 
'The Cannes Diaries'. If you're looking for reviews, there are brilliant men and women out there who do it all beautifully. But if you're looking for highlights, fun tidbits and a slightly different way of looking at the grandest film festival in the world, you're in the right place.
First Nighter. What Irma La Douce really is is rampant idiocy, for which there may be no excuse but for which there may be a wacky rationale having to do with national tastes.
The Edge of Stardom. When the San Francisco Dance Film Festival airs the West Coast premi\u00e8re of Secundaria (High School) -- a candid look at the lives of students at the world-famous National Ballet School in Havana -- expect Cuban dancers to be out in full force.
Your Favorite Guerrilla Chalkboard Artists Are Back. 
This Artist Wants To Erase Your DNA, Further Proof The Future Will Be Terrifying. 
TIM EBNER AT ROSAMUND FELSEN GALLERY. 
RAILWAY MEN. 
Frieze New York 2014. This week marks the third year of Frieze New York, the London fair that went head-to-head with the tradition of the Armory Show and took NADA and Pulse with it, subsequently asserting itself as a \fair\ contender.
Stunning Video Shows London In 1924 And 2014 Simultaneously. 
Paris Photo LA at Paramount Studios (PHOTOS). All the great international galleries filled the soundstages and open sets along the corridors and streets within Paramount.
Eye-Opening Photos Of Door-To-Door Salesmen In A Nairobi Slum. 
These Artworks Rebelling Against American Suburbia Are More Relevant Than Ever. 
25 Street Artists From Around The World Who Are Shaking Up Public Art. 
What If Disney Princesses Didn't End Up So Happily Ever After?. 
Gorgeous Long Exposure Train Photos Prove The City Has Its Own Magic. 
John Nava. 
A Truly Erotic Art Exhibition Aims To Get You Hot For Summer (NSFW). 
Everything You Need To Know About Mike Kelley. 
The 'Mona Lisa' Just Might Be History's First 3D Image, Researchers Claim. 
The Cave That Inspired History's Most Creative Minds. 
'In the Next Room or the Vibrator Play,' Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre. Calling it The Vibrator Play teases you into thinking it's only about sex toys. It's not. Calling it In The Next Room better describes the story's more serious plot line.
Dead Man Walking at Madison Opera. Visually, the show was stark and beautiful. Harry Frehner's sets and Marcus Dilliard's lighting effectively suggested the actual settings while also reminding one of the constant prison theme.
11 Stunning (And Free) Fonts You Should Download Right Now. 
One Artist's Amazing Mission To Save The US Postal Service. 
April Gornik. \I think people need to be taught how to look at art just like they need to learn to read literature. And the best way by far to ensure that is if a person has had art classes and understands the mind-hand connection that way.\
'Rug Art' Is Exactly What It Sounds Like, And More Beautiful Than You Can Imagine. 
Dreams of Calatrava Fading Into the Distance. 
The Importance of Being Collaborative. The established model of presenting new works to audiences is changing and the audiences are changing dramatically too. An entire generation of composers and performers are taking the presentation of their works into their own hands.
Every Angel Has a Dark Side. 
4000 Blocks. The artist Ellie Ga has created works out of her experiences in the North Pole and more recently off the coast of Alexandria, at the site of the underwater excavation of the famous Pharos Lighthouse -- one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
On the Future of Wagnerism, Part 2. 
Sandy Frank. Sanford Jay Frank, the Emmy Award-winning writer and producer, screenwriting guru and conservative ideologue whom everyone called Sandy, died at his home in Calabasas on April 18.
These Magical 'Landscapes' Made Of Plastic Bags Will Take Your Breath Away. 
Walter White's Happiness. 
The Inconvenient Music -- Invisible and Unhearable. We might also encourage every orchestra to look into its past and how it dealt with issues like anti-Semitism (and this includes our American orchestras) and what music was played during the war years and after.
The Drowsy Chaperone, Norris Center for the Performing Arts, Rolling Hills Estates. Under James W. Gruessing's direction for the Norris Center for the Performing Arts, The Drowsy Chaperone, written by Bob Martin and Don McKellar, with music and lyrics by Lisa Lambert and Greg Morrison, is a spectacular production.
Second Saturday Staten Island Art Walk. Every second Saturday of the month in the shadow of the Staten Island Ferry, Staten Island's north shore hosts Second Saturday Staten Island Art Walk, a free art tour which includes galleries, community centers, studios and a book store/cafe featuring the works of local artists.
Thanks to Glenn Lowry. Mr. Lowry, please allow me to express that, if, based solely on your judgment, you decided to tear down a swath of Manhattan for the sake of progress or for the sake of art, you would have my full confidence for such a decision.
A Conversation With Chris Davies, Founder, 'Photo Independent. Chris Davies is the President of Fabrik Media, a Los Angeles-based publishing and marketing agency. Concerned by the art fair under-representation of otherwise talented photographers, he founded \Photo Independent
Artists' Assistants and the IRS. Not a trick question
Mesmerizing Images Of South American Geyser Fields Reveal The Power Of The Natural World. 
Why Life May Not Be a Cabaret and More Tony Musings. 
Theater. 
First Nighter. It's taken for granted that any superior drama depends on its stakes being high. If that's the case, then The Great Immensity -- created by the always-intrepid Civilians troupe and presented at the Public after a world premiere at Kansas City Repertory Theatre -- is indubitably superior drama.
This Is What Heartbreak Looks Like In The Digital Age. 
These New Puns By Hanksy Are Eye-Rollingly Perfect. 
Frederica von Stade in Tour de Force Performance. A rarely produced 1980 play by Horton Foote would seem an unlikely subject for an opera, but in the hands of the marvelous Frederica von Stade and the talented composer and librettist team of Ricky Ian Gordon and Leonard Foglia, it becomes a tour de force.
Trying to Sustain a Charade. Keeping up appearances sometimes requires extraordinary effort. A lot can be overlooked when someone is young, pretty, perky, and in good health. But when tragic events darken one's days, desperate times require desperate measures.
Why This Polish Art Group Is Being Sued For Its Depiction Of JP2. 
These Candles Let You Worship At The Altar Of Pop Culture Royalty. 
Classical Sounds. There must always be something a tiny bit sad when we take ourselves so far back in time to such idealized tunes and harmonies, and then eventually to have to return to our modern noisy world.
Stunning Self-Portraits Make You Think Twice About Interracial Identity In South America. 
The Manly Pursuit of Desire. There are three ways to look at the work in the new show at the Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art
Lothar Baumgarten. Cerebral and conceptual, yet surprisingly sensual and often exquisite, the work of Lothar Baumgarten resists categorization.
10 Emerging GIF Artists Who Prove Motion Photography Has No Limits. 
The Wack Donald's Project. 
How The Tribeca Film Festival Became Religious About Innovation ... And Pope Francis Became An Economist. In our view, the Pope has the potential to be one of the most epic innovators in history. After all, not even Shakira has 1.2 billion followers.
Massive Video Game Tournament Aims To Save Lives By Rewarding Good Behavior. 
William Shakespeare at 450. How can any of us find the words to wish a happy 450th birthday to the single most significant, elegant, funny, wise and human writer ever to use the English language? That's what I, and countless others, have thought and think of Shakespeare.
Can Anything Save Comic Sans, the World's 'Most Hated Font'?. How does a font become so hated?
Dialogue Isn't Just for Screenplays. But conversation, like therapy, is its own sort of \talking cure.\ I, for one, want to talk it out. The Suspect is a natural extension of that drive.
Someone Inserted Beyonce Into Famous Paintings, And It's Just As Glorious As It Sounds. 
What One Gender-Bending Photographer Learned From Wearing Other People's Clothes. 
Taco Bell Day and Night. 
Aisle View. This is one of those \is the old lady losing her marbles?\ plays, in which the doddering, aching, creaking, 79-year-old heroine drifts from witty perceptiveness to the borders of senility and back at the snap of the playwright's whim, all the while wondering \who is going to take care of my tree?\
New Art Books on the Art of Afro-Cuba, Vincent Van Gogh and Wayne Thiebaud. Each of the three books presented here has been born from genuine passion and curiosity. Rather than reviewing these books -- all of which are on my bedside table in various stages of being read -- I asked their authors to tell me a bit about how and why it needed to be written.
Why One Artist Wants To Cover The World In Butterflies. 
Marla Mase's Half-Life. Words are a big thing for Marla Mase.  For her, music counterbalances and complements the vignettes that swirl around in her head. The brief accounts of fear, the blues, anxiety or the hope -- these are the themes that drive her.
Stage Door. Is art worth killing for? Woody Allen's new Broadway musical Bullets Over Broadway, an entertaining romp, thinks so.
Broadway Diva On The Rebound. 
International Touring. I have to admit it
10 Drawings Of Los Angeles That Capture What Makes The City So Magical. 
Everything I Ever Needed to Know I Learned From Huckleberry Finn and Hal Holbrook. I've been rereading Huckleberry Finn since I discovered it as the sequel to Tom Sawyer back in junior high school, getting more out of it with each encounter. Hearing Hal Holbrook last Friday inspired me to share a few keepers.
Clans, Cults and Tribes. The Berkeley Repertory Theatre, dedicated to provocation, has produced an excellent version of Nina Raine's Tribes. It might appear to be a play about an 'issue,' deafness in this instance.
These Edward Hopper-Inspired Dollhouses Will Make You Fall In Love With The Indoors. 
'Next to Normal,' Cal Rep. Each moment bristles with energy that coils, uncoils, and recoils. The production's biggest achievement is its supercharged pitch. This pitch reflects Diana's changing moods. These moods include depression, a numb, medicated stability, and an exuberant mania.
Mark Innerst at DC Moore Gallery. I recently spoke to Mark Innerst to ask him a few choice questions about his work and his background.
Boys in the Attic. Two recent Bay Area productions included characters whose lives were haunted by the suicide of their son. The ghost of one son appears onstage; the other is never seen.
First Nighter. 
Artists' Statements. Artists' statements are a gold mine for someone like me who loves to make fun of the art world.
Aisle View. The comedic chameleon Arnie Burton first came to view in the 2008 parody version of Alfred Hitchcock's The 39 Steps, a four-character romp in which he was one of two men who played all the roles other than the hero and heroine.
First Nighter. Although Athol Fugard turns 82 in June and his protagonist in The Shadow of the Hummingbird is already 84, the two-year difference in ages doesn't keep the deeply charming and charmingly deep 60-minute exercise from instantly registering as autobiographical.
Every Dance Move From A To Z Showcased In One Ridiculously Insane Video. In this incredible video, a group of highly talented dancers demonstrates every dance style from A to Z on the rooftops of
'F*cking Tourist' Series Will Make You Think Twice About How You Travel. Photographer Nicolas Demeersman makes the universal aversion to tourism very, very clear in his photography series \Fucking
Stunning Photos Of A Homeless Boxer's Mansion. See more photos on Slate. Even on a peninsula populated by handmade, ramshackle structures, Anderson\u2019s place, half home and
Raymond Pettibon's Surf Paintings Are Pure Punk Poetry. In his current exhibition \Are Your Motives Pure?\ Pettibon compiles surf-centric artworks from 1985 to 2013, ranging from
Let's Get Ready to Rumble!. Some plays are well worth the wait, and I would definitely include The Lion and the Fox in that category. Because CentralWorks creates its plays using an extremely organic process that is guided by people who have worked together for nearly two decades.
Your Favorite Artists And Architects Are Hosting A Giant Easter Egg Hunt In NYC. The Faberge Big Egg Hunt has its own map (downloadable as an app on your smartphone) to help you track down the masterpieces
'Orpheus,' Four Larks, Los Angeles. It's an odyssey of love and loss portrayed, appropriately enough, as an opera, a junkyard opera, that takes place in hell. Its experience is edgy and ethereal. The costumes and set material are made from repurposed objects.
This Is What Gun Ownership Looks Like in America. By David Rosenberg See more photos on Slate. Another image, of teenager Elizabeth Lamont with her gun at home in Virginia
Wonder-ful Tale. You might leave Then She Fell with more questions than answers, but that's part of the amazement. This immersive theater experience pushes you to examine the limits of reality and to free your mind to possibility.
Stolen Paintings Found 40 Years Later. Italian authorities manage to recover two French masterpieces after they were stolen from a London home in 1970. Read more
Hong Kong Zeros in on Creativity. We have known for some time that public art with sculptures, statues, and murals everywhere, and buildings with their uniquely carved doorways, cornices, and columns are usually what distinguish one city from another.
The Getty Black Book. Several graffiti writers were approached and given an opportunity to go to the Getty Research Institute and examine the rare manuscripts, and to grant them the opportunity to be a part of the entire process, from birth to execution.
Surrealism Is Alive And Well In Roberto Gil de Montes' Dreamy Depictions. \I paint as a way of discovering stories hidden within myself, peeling away layers, digging deeper each time, revealing images
Nude Portrait Series Reveals The Beauty And Strength Of Breast Cancer Survivors. The connection between the relics her images are based on -- existing today in varies altered states -- and the transformed
First Nighter. On January 20, 1980 Mary McCarthy, never known to mince words in print or in person, was asked on Dick Cavett's PBS talk show whom she considered overrated writers. After a moment's thought, Lillian Hellman came to her mind.
Racing Against Time. It's not exactly a secret. Timing is everything -- and time waits for no man. Whether someone is a handsome young rock star battling an addiction or an angry alte kocker trying to provoke a fellow geezer into playing one more game of King of the Mountain, the clock keeps ticking.
San Francisco Ballet in the Exhilarating Shostakovich Trilogy. You do not have to be an admirer of Shostakovich or a ballet junkie to be moved and exhilarated by San Francisco Ballet in Alexei Ratmansky's Shostakovich Trilogy.
Protesters Rain Down Thousands Of Bills In Guggenheim Rotunda. At 6:45 pm ET this evening, a handheld bell sounded in the rotunda of the Guggenheim Museum in New York, signaling the second
Aisle View. Lester is a creative associate of the Tricycle, and husband to playwright Chakrabarti.  This is incidental information; Lester's performance in Red Velvet, under any circumstances, is a marvel of thunder and spellbinding power.
Theater. A little more aerial work and then the big finale with everyone trooping out for bows and Amaluna fades away. Half moon? Quarter moon? Take your pick of imagery to reflect a show that doesn't begin to do justice to the standards of Cirque Du Soleil.
Revealing The Many Faces Of Vincent Van Gogh On His 161st Birthday. Today marks the birthday of Vincent van Gogh, the Dutch post-Impressionist who brought the world unforgettable visions of
Theater. I really do love Les Miserables. I listened to the cast album(s) again and again long before I saw the show in person. I first saw it in Florida in some cavernous space -- my seat was up in the rafters and the stage was a mile away
Milwaukee Ballet and the Modern Quest for Beauty. Artistic director Michael Pink has built an ensemble that deliberately eschews the cookie-cutter look of traditional ballet companies; these are dancers of striking individuality, many of whom have risen through the ranks of Milwaukee Ballet's second company.
A Visit to the Centre for Contemporary Art Ujazdowski Castle in Warsaw, Poland (VIDEO). Last year, the Centre presented an exhibition about Ukrainian art, this year, new art from Romania is the focus of an extensive group show that is titled A Few Grams of Red, Yellow, Blue and features artists such as Mircea Cantor and Victor Man.
The Memorandum, Santa Monica Rep. The humor is based on the tangles of corporate bureaucracy, including blindly obeyed harebrained schemes to which no one claims ownership and an avalanche of paperwork and procedures.
Duke & Satchmo's Jazz Manual. The answer to gloom?  Swing.  Jazz. Trombones. Big band music.   It bubbles over with passion, blaring \Squeeze the moments. Feel the beat.  Live life large.\  Dance on tables, scat a solo, or swing your partner.
10 Shocking Photos That Will Change How You See Consumption And Waste. Cell phones #2, Atlanta 2005 Photographer Chris Jordan works with the debris we as a society leave behind, photographing
Questionable Role Models. Although it is never clearly stated in either script, both dramas are about throwaway children. Children who, instead of ending up in NeverLand, have been abandoned by parents who are ill-equipped to provide for their offspring or are too self-involved to cope with a child's needs.
Think of Me. When it was announced last week that Sierra Boggess and Norm Lewis would step into The Phantom of the Opera this May, most of the press was about the fact that Lewis was to become the first black Phantom on Broadway. I didn't care about that.
Art Activists Use Sex Dolls To Protest Spain's Controversial Anti-Abortion Law. (All photos courtesy Luzinterruptus/Gustavo Sanabria) Check out images of the sex doll extravaganza below and let us know
Reunion,  South Coast Repertory, Costa Mesa. Gregory S. Moss' Reunion, directed by Adrienne Campbell-Holt for South Coast Repertory, is a corker of a story that examines, at times in excruciating detail, the complex relationships of boys who became men who, for one night, became boys again.
Russia's Amazingly Glamorous Retired Artists. Many people find retirement homes to be dull, sterile places. But this is not so in the case the Savina House for Veterans
Chris Trueman's Electric Canvases Will Leave Your Mind Spinning. How, if at all, has California contributed to your aesthetic?I think California has been a big influence -- the color, the
One Of Disney's Most Influential Female Artists Finally Gets Her Due. \u201cShe brought modern art to Walt in a way that no one else did,\ the late animator Marc Davis once recalled of Blair's work
And Now for Something Completely Different. Traditionally, style was the artist's signature or trademark, the unique and distinctive means by which he expressed his ideas or perceptions. The break with this traditional conception was pioneered by Picasso.
In Pursuit of Magnificent Obsessions. The winding path from curiosity to passion and onward to embracing a full-blown fetish is a very strange one. Sometimes a person's enthusiasm for a certain type of object is sparked by a gift, a novel idea, or a gateway experience.
ODC's Electrifying boulders and bones. Much of his work is ephemeral, expressly designed to be obliterated by wind, rain, snow or heat. Other structures, like his recent Culvert Cairn, a private commission in Marin County, will likely be around as long as Stonehenge.
Ai Weiwei Gets The Shepard Fairey Treatment. \I admire Ai Weiwei for his art and his activism. His art is beautiful in form, and in function embodies the principles of
Met Opera. The action then mirrors the original. There is a love triangle that becomes more complicated as the story unfolds. Amina and Elvino are about to be married, but Lisa, who was once engaged to Elvino herself, still carries the flame.
An Art Show Dedicated Entirely To Hot Sauce Is Making Our Spicy Dreams Come True. Los Angeles Grocery by Patrick Martinez A new, utterly revolutionary art exhibit in Los Angeles dares to go where no hot
Heartbreaking Photo Series Captures The Final Years Of Two Brothers And Lifelong Best Friends. H\u00f8yland's black-and-white photos are quiet yet powerful, mirroring the humble yet fierce existence of these two inseparable
New York's Fabulous 1980s and '90s Club Scene. Ernie Glam (his club name) met Di Biasio in the late 1980s at a party, and as they struck up a friendship, he learned more
Kandinsky on Creativity. In 1916, in an essay vaguely titled \On the Artist,\ the painter Wassily Kandinsky provided a precise and thorough analysis of the difference between conceptual and experimental artists.
Memorable One-Night Stands. In rare moments of nostalgia, I miss the good old days of gay bathhouses. Staged readings of new plays pretty much work the same way. While each holds the lure of literary promise, what you get is little more than a dramatic crap shoot.
\Frida Kahlo, Her Photos,\ The Museum of Latin American Art. Wouldn't you love to peek inside Frida Kahlo's personal photo album? To see the images that have special meaning for the artist, images that paint a picture that varies greatly from the tortured individual portrayed in her paintings? You can.
Zoran Milosavljevic on the ImageBlog. Hong Kong. A woman waiting for her lunch.
8 Things You Didn't Know About Split, Croatia -- As Told By Indie Darling Lovely Quinces. \The whole city is an attraction because it is 1,700 years old and it was centered on the structure of the ancient Roman
15 Vintage Japanese Travel Posters That Spark An Urge To Travel Space And Time. The bold works, relics of Japanese art deco design at its finest, show that what's waiting in your mailbox may one day be
Meet The Little Known 1970s Artists Who Placed Gorgeous 'Billboards' Around San Francisco. An exhibition at Stephen Wirtz Gallery aims to shine a light on these provocative conceptual artists and their impact on
When Art Worlds Don't Collide. In Ventura, California March 5th was the closing day of the second ever Representational Art Conference -- TRAC 2014 -- an international gathering that had attracted over 300 artists and others interested in exploring \the aesthetic principles and values implicit in the representational art of the 21st Century.\
Sassy and Sophisticated. After 20 years of charming East Bay audiences, Walnut Creek-based Diablo Ballet tipped its hat to the past with an anniversary program that segued movingly from film clips of past performances to live performance of the same pieces, but also nodded vigorously to the future with a brand new work by resident choreographer Robert Dekkers.
Creative Age Cities. What makes people creative and innovative is still being debated. Clearly our schools and the educational curriculum must change. But what too, about the communities where young people spend more than half their lives and where their families, friends and fellow citizens live and work. Communities, indeed whole cities, need to reinvent themselves.
Faces. All images are courtesy and copyright \u00a9 Julia Christe Via trouvaillesdujour The series Faces is on Faith, a female greyhound
\The Melville Boys,\ Little Fish Theatre, San Pedro, CA. But if Lee doesn't have a secret, then he at least tends to the biggest elephant imaginable in the room. It explains his
10 Comics That Depict Your Darkest Feelings With Freakish Accuracy. The best ideas usually come while I'm occupied with something else. Mindless tasks are the best
15 Kickass Female Artists We're Eternally Grateful For This International Women's Day. It's International Women's Day and here at Huff Post Arts & Culture we're expressing endless gratitude for the dazzling female
Stage Door. Now at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theater, Broadway darling Kelly O'Hara and hunka hunka burning love Steven Pasquale play star-crossed lovers who, for four glorious days in 1965, find their soul mate.
Trapped in Limbo. Two Bay area premieres showcased the struggles of unlucky souls trapped in radically different cultures on opposite sides of the planet.
Deliciously Freaky Neonscapes To Satisfy Your Cartoon Fantasies. \Supernatural\ runs until March 29, 2014 at Sandra Gering, Inc. in New York. James' canvases are jam-packed with electric
Derek Walcott, Old Master. Psychologists might take a lesson from the writer Teju Cole, whose review of a new edition of Walcott's poems presents a succinct description of Walcott as an experimental poet, interested above all in making art based on perception -- the way things look.
The First Graffiti Artist Of Britain Isn't Who You Think It Is. Imagine someone comes up to you and asks, \Who was the first graffiti artist?\ and you're all, \I don't know, Banksy?\ And
Eric White on the ImageBlog. 1973 Ford Pinto with Tanguy Sky (3 Women), 2011 Oil on canvas 40 x 60 inches Courtesy of Martha Otero Gallery
Finding Art In Transit Arteries. To experience a train's journey as it climbed a long, slow incline between stations, rose out of the ground into the sunlight, or disappeared down a dark hole in the ground was a cheap and easily renewable thrill.
Sister Corita Kent Retrospective in Berlin (VIDEO). The retrospective exhibition Sister Corita
Coming Out As Gay Via Long-Exposure Photography. By David Rosenberg For Pillsbury, coming out as a gay man while shooting \u201cScreen Lives\u201d directly influenced the work. He
Kimberly Brooks' Hypnotic Paintings Depict Memories That Were Never Yours. Aristocratic portraits that once hung in the halls of a half-remembered dream, elaborate banquets you read about in a historical
Creating Connections With Nature Via Art. Some take the beauty and transpose it into an entirely new medium such as a canvas; however, some artists actually manipulate nature and turn it into art. This is most commonly called \Land Art.\
Dizzying Photos Capture Swarms Of Starlings In Flight. By David Rosenberg When Barnes began the project almost a decade ago, he was using a Hasselblad camera; all 26 images in
Tim Vermeulen. Tim Vermeulen's recent paintings are awkwardly confessional
In The Future You Could Be Picnicking In A Giant Bubble Park. Orproject proposed the design as a response to the rising pollution affecting cities in Asia, as a way to filter the air
New Web Series Will Challenge Your Narrow Definition Of Art. \Hold on, I understand why this is, like, beautiful and metaphorically resonant, but this is not The Metaphorically Resonant
Creativity. This is by far the greatest error in the scholarly (and popular) understanding of creativity. The scholars who study this believe there is only one kind of creativity, in which young artists and scholars make sudden and dramatic discoveries through highly deductive leaps.
Alex Kanevsky on the ImageBlog. Annunciation, 2012, 66\ x 66\, oil on linen
God Save This Queen. The bottom line is simple
'Hot Chicks' Drawing Series Has No Hot Chicks, Many Pixelated Boobs (NSFW). For his exhibition \Hot Chicks,\ Green invited a series of artist friends including Dustin Yellin, Devendra Banhart, Alia
11 Contemporary Baroque Still Lifes That Will Lure You To The Dark Side. Photographer Tara Sellios is more than aware of this peculiar phenomenon, using it to lure unsuspecting viewers into her
This Weirdly Realistic Human Typeface Will Leave You Traumatized. \I first made the letters in old-school 3D with modeling clay,\ Debroize told Co.Design. \We shot pictures of the letters
Saudi Stilettos Meet Poetry And Prose. Shiny stilettos. Bursting diaries. Nervous laughter. The call to prayer. It's the first public gathering of the Riyadh Writing Club in Saudi Arabia, and the young women are ready to start.
\Leon Kossoff. Isolate a square foot (Yes, they're that big), preferably in a corner along the edge of one of Leon Kossoff's paintings in \London Landscapes,\ his exhibition at L.A. Louver. Forget its subject.
Stage Door. Photo
Corporations, Once Happy Buyers of Art, Are Now Happy If They Can Get Rid of It. A much happier subject than this is the joy of collecting art. The newspapers are full of record sale prices for artworks
If Music Be the Food of Love, Pig On. Any play with a character named \Sir Toby Belch\ should leave you rolling in the aisles, but it's rare to see a production of Twelfth Night that actually brings this Shakespearean comedy to life.
Met Opera. In a winter dominated by headlines from the Olympics in Russia and nonstop snowstorms in New York, the Metropolitan Opera is offering its own tribute to Russian heritage and a refuge from the weather with a lavish and captivating new production of Borodin's Prince Igor.
Cubism Meets Nintendo In 8-Bit Watercolor Paintings. Mona Lisa at the Louvre IronBat Coney Island Mona Lisa Penny The Kiss \I start with a pencil drawing, blocking in a few of
10 Drawings By Female Artists Whom History Has Underestimated. 7. \ufffc\ufffcPat Steir 9. Nancy Spero \It\u2019s 2014, and we\u2019re still having this conversation,\ Harris explained to GalleristNY. \The
Trying to Put a Ring on It. A gay film from Israel presents a hair-raising depiction of the obstacles faced by two gay men who quickly fall in love despite the fact that they are surrounded by the kind of tribal hatred as old as the feud between the Capulets and the Montagues.
By The Light of the Feminist Moon. In truth, much of the world has come a long way from the crude Freudian symbolism which insists that anything long and straight represents a male and anything resembling a circle represents a female.
Silence, El Segundo Museum of Art. As befits an art space that calls itself a 'lab,' the interior of the El Segundo Museum of Art is sparse. In the center of the space rests a chair and, piled with art books, a small table. The walls are lab white, the ceiling high.
Photographer Looks Into the Gazes of the Blind. He sees a parallel to his work in the novel Blindness by Jose Saramago about characters who suddenly lose their sight and
Bring On the Night. Art is inside the artist and finds its expression through the instrument. The guitar. The camera. For Andy Summers they were the instruments without words.
Ballet Is an Art, Not a Sport. When attending a ballet performance, an audience member will never be able to see the strain on the body because of the ballerina's ability to convey emotion, passion, and artistry.
Readers, Writers, Non-Readers and Me. I am humbled. A note from a stranger whose life I have influenced means as much, if not more, than the same honor from a friend. Across space and time, with nothing more than words, it turns out to be possible to change the world at least a bit.
Odilon Redon Goes On View In Switzerland, Remains As Dreamy As Ever. Redon's exhibition runs until May 18 at Fondation Beyeler in Switzerland. Le Cube, 1880 Vase au guerrier japonais, ca. 1905
Artist Transforms Ordinary Objects Into Ghostly,Two-Dimensional Versions Of Themselves. Aside from giving the collection of rejected objects an artistic afterlife, Greig's artworks challenge us to readdress our
Photographer Travels The World Documenting Children's Wildest Dreams. Stewardess -- Iceland Harry Potter -- India Engineer and Architect -- India Businessman -- India Hunter -- Greenland Airport
Kindly Allow This Abstraction Of Google Earth To Blow Your Mind. The Color Project at IFP Media Center from MPC Digital on Vimeo. Simultaneously displaying the uniqueness of each place and
What Makes a Jackson Pollock Painting Worth Millions?. It strikes me as ironic that an artist we value for his rebelliousness and innovation has now become a figure that is somehow
Russia Today. It's hard to put into words what it's like to witness Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812 in person. You're sort of crashing the party just by turning up on their set. Don't expect anything you've ever seen before.
The 39 Steps, The Norris Center for the Performing Arts, Rolling Hills Estates. Directed by Ken Parks for the Norris Center for the Performing Arts, The 39 Steps adapted by Patrick Barlow and based on the novel by John Buchan and the eponymous movie by Alfred Hitchcock, presents an incredibly staged story of love and espionage.
Steve Fromholz -- A Guest In My Heart. Recently in Ft. McKavett, Texas, I joined a large group of family and friends for the burial and farewell to the late, great Steven Fromholz, legendary Texas singer and songwriter, husband, father, grandfather, friend, river boatman, sometime golfer and fulltime lover of life.
Artists Create Mesmerizing Miniature Worlds, All Within The Confines Of A Fish Tank. The following images come to us courtesy of the Russian and Eastern European artists who competed in last year's Planted
A Ballet For The Children, With Enough Joy For The Whole Family. Before Alice (Elena Zahlmann) burst out of her dollhouse, kids in the audience were encouraged to work through a series of
Artist Creates Enchanted Specimens From Vintage Materials. A self-trained textile artist who goes by the name of Mister Finch has crafted a miniature world of flora and fauna that
The Weird and Wonderful World of Animal Shows. Photographer Amy Lombard grew up in a house filled with pets and has always loved animals. After finishing a series on IKEA
Eyes as Big as Plates, the 'Sublime Elsewheres'. \u00a9 Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen \u00a9 Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen All images are courtesy and copyright of Karoline
Keep the Frames. You must be getting a lot of well-meaning advice right now, and I hope you won't mind if I offer you a few tips to aid you in your success. My advice is meant both to be helpful, but also to make you smile.
LA Art Show-Stoppers. It's clear the LA Art Show, now in its 19th year, is no ordinary art fair, which in the last few years has drawn the attention and participation from major, celebrated galleries like Ace Gallery. Once inside the exhibition area, it's necessary to have a pathway map to guide you intelligently and efficiently to the areas you want to explore.
The Monuments Men. The story of the \Monuments Men\ is fascinating and truly deserving of the attention it will garner through this film. Irene Rawlings calls it \the greatest treasure hunt in history.\
Tackling Torture Video Contest Finalists Announced -- Jury and Audience Voting Begins. The Tackling Torture Video Contest has chosen eight finalists for its first competition. The five Serious video finalists
'A Picasso,' Promenade Playhouse, Santa Monica. Jeffrey Hatcher's \A Picasso\ begins as Miss Fischer (Natalia Lazarus), a Nazi cultural attach\u00e9 (how's that for an oxymoron?), interrogates Pablo Picasso (Vincent Lappas) in an underground vault in Paris in 1941.
OMG It's A Box Full Of Money! Hey, Wait A Second .... Visit Randall Rosenthal's website to see more of his incredible sculptures. An artist based in Long Island, N.Y., Rosenthal
Clever Self-Portrait Series Presents The Many Shades Of Feminine Beauty. Ill-informed beauty standards have never felt so heavy, no? For images, check out Calypso's website here. \I draw upon personal
Romantic Conspiracies. Last fall, the San Francisco Opera presented new productions of two of the operatic art form's greatest works. Each is a rollicking comedy in which young love triumphs over extremely vain and selfish elders who claim to have the ingenue's best interest at heart.
Artist Transforms The City Of Chicago Into A Giant Typography Playground. Cast in noir-style darkness, the minimalist letters radiate an ominous and powerful air, showcasing their power to stand
Watch All 156 Episodes Of \The Twilight Zone,\ Right Here, Right Now, At The Same Time. As you may have suspected, watching all 156 episodes of \The Twilight Zone\ is a supremely trippy experience. See for yourself
Carrie Mae Weems Explores Inequalities Embedded In Artistic Institutions. Most of us who have ever wandered the halls of an art museum have felt the uncanny power of experiencing a multitude of voices
'The Shawati' Interviews'. One man who has been working extensively in both Doha and Abu Dhabi is Palestinian filmmaker Scandar Copti. I caught up with the filmmaker to interview him for my piece on cinema in the Gulf featured in Shawati' Abu Dhabi.
Curses! Foiled Again!. From The Mummy's Curse to The Curse of the Werewolf, from the tale of King Midas to the legend of Sleeping Beauty, literature is filled with curses.
Calling All Book Nerds. The 1654 work of art by Carel Fabritius -- a character, of sorts, in Tartt's 2013 release -- is on view at the Frick Collection
When Barcodes Become The Basis For Contemporary Art. What if the barcode on your favorite cereal box could be transformed into a glitched-out, abstract artwork, dripping with
David LaChapelle on the ImageBlog. Still Life
Finding God In A Maximum Security Prison. That trip was the beginning of a 2\u00bd-year project for Levy that ultimately took him to six maximum-security prisons and one
Photographer Captures Surreal Visions Of People Walking On Their Hands. \The main idea was to illustrate the French expression 'marcher sur la t\u00eate' -- to act foolishly, to go against common sense
A Star Is Torn. Two new productions look at artists in the midst of their creative process as they work on honing their craft. In each case, the audience watches an individual follow an uncharted path.
Luciana Souza. She's a vocalist who once said \each phrase for me has a certain gestalt\ and she invites you to savor both the notes and the spaces between them. Souza is spectacular in a Jo\u00e3o Gilberto kind of way -- you have to listen attentively to fully appreciate all the nuances.
Art And Science Have Never Looked So Good Together. Beatriz Monteavaro Beatriz Monteavaro The far-out exhibition is comprised of two parts, Beatriz Monteavaro's \Ouroboros\ and
First Nighter. Burstein scored so consistently that an observer might be excused for wondering whether--after having been handed Beane's
The 12 Weirdest And Rarest Items On The Auction Block Last Year. Want to know the going rate for a Sickle-Leaf Persian rug from the early 17th century? The answer would be $33.7 million
Documenting A Way Of Life Along The River Gambia. By Alyssa Coppelman Jason Florio\u2019s travels around the Republic of the Gambia read like tales of adventure from centuries
George Sluizer and River Phoenix. Leaving \Dark Blood\ in the RED, filming shut down and the insurance company took over, thinking that they would be able to get the money back from Phoenix's estate within a few weeks.
The Conscience of the King. Tony Scherman is a painter's painter, because other painters who paint with a seriousness of purpose immediately recognize in his distinctive work a high command of skill, idiosyncratic maturity, captivating inventiveness, and an obvious love of picture-making.
This Is What Happens When You Combine The Simpsons With An Erotic Photographer (NSFW). We're not sure if either Newton fans or Simpsons fans will feel comfortable with this unorthodox union, but there is something
Rachel Hovnanian on the ImageBlog. Fake Flowers
Patricia Terrell-O'Neal on the ImageBlog. Title
Michael Hafftka on the ImageBlog. \Growing Pains\ 16 in. X 36 in. (triptych 16 in. X 12 in. ea.) oil on canvas 2010 http://www.hafftka.com
Launching the Dicterow-DeMaine-Biegel Piano Trio. In the world of Classical music, one of the most exciting developments of 2013 is pianist Jeffrey Biegel's very recent announcement of the formation of a new piano trio consisting of himself, violinist Glenn Dicterow and cellist Robert DeMaine.
In Search of Fresh Holiday Fare. For some theatre companies, the challenge of the holiday season is to find a way to make an old story seem relevant to contemporary audiences. Two of 2013's Bay area productions (based on classic pieces of literature) offered audiences an unintentional opportunity to do just that.
Mark Allen. Inside a suburban Kansas City Wal-Mart on Black Friday 2013, (the so-called inaugural holiday shopping season immediately following Thanksgiving) artist Mark Allen zips himself inside one of his custom body bags and plays dead. Allen gets the reaction he expects.
Sanjay Theodore on the ImageBlog. All photographs variable size taken 2011-2012
The Top 10 Arts Stories Of 2013. 4. James Turrell Lights Up Light artist and cosmic Santa Claus James Turrell cast a glowing light over the art world this
These 'Human' Sculptures Are Enough To Make Your Skin Crawl. Clock, 2009, Mixed Media, 4cm x 2.5cm x 18cm Artists are often eager to push the boundary between perceptions of the beautiful
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog. Colorado Sunset Series. Summer 2011.
Woody Allen Is Zhenya Gershman's 'Sunny Side Up'. Woody Allen's films have global meaning across many generations. As an artist his work has personal resonance. In most of his films art is treated with reverence alongside the main characters.
Sculptor Louise Bourgeois Would Turn 102 If She Were Alive Today. Bourgeois, born in Paris in 1911, began studying art in her twenties while enrolled at the renowned French academic institution
Gregory Euclide on the ImageBlog. WITH MY DISTANCE REACHING TOWARD THE BLANKET EMBRACING OF YOUR ADVANCE \u2022 CATEGORIES
The 10 Most Unorthodox Artistic Depictions Of Jesus. May we humbly present our Christmas gift to you, our 10 favorite unorthodox depictions of JC himself. The following collection
The 12 Most Talented And Tiny Child Prodigies Of 2013. 6. Umi Garrett, 13 years old NC Child Prodigy Suffers from Debilitating Disease Nigerian photographer Onafujiri \Fuji\ Remet
'Eyes Wide Open, an Afghan Journey'. \My pictures show great devastation, but also many cheerful faces, especially those of children at schools. The reconstruction of many schools, above all, seems to give hope to the Afghan people.\
Finding Freedom in Poetry. Writing poetry for me is a way to recapture some of the independence I've lost... albeit virtually, by enabling me to fly freely here and there by way of my mighty pen... and through that journey, blow off a little steam.
Stage Door. The scathingly funny actress brings her latest cabaret act to Joe's Pub in Hebe For The Holiday. Hanukkah came early this year, but her stand-up, which relies on dark, child-hating humor, hits in time to end the year with a zetz.
Caught Off Guard. It doesn't happen often, but on those rare and blessed occasions when it does, oddball works of art give a person multiple reasons to be grateful. These are situations in which one's expectations (large or small) are completely upended.
MOCA's Art + Comedy Night Leaves Us Laughing, Sort Of Freaked Out. The evening's main act was the premiere of \Ambiance Man,\ a comedy series by Alix Lambert featuring Fred Armisen, Jack Black
Artist Profile. When Jesus Max made the transition to move out West, he was already thirty-seven, he didn't speak English, and he didn't drive or have a driver's license, but he was determined to learn and grow.
For the Holidays. As an multidisciplinary artist and teaching artist, the unique gift I can give myself and others is the opportunity to create something through artistic expression. But, we all, as humans, have the power in us to do the same. Why?
Dancing in the Streets. In addition to offering a host of new songs to go alongside the nostalgia, the show gives a wonderful glimpse into the ups and downs of Berry Gordy's quest to make this \black music\ transcend and be accepted by audiences of all races, ages, and locations.
Star Warhols Is The Nerdy Pop Art Mashup You've Been Waiting For. A (not so) long time ago, in a galaxy (not so) far, far away, one revolutionary artist decided to collapse the distinction
Giant Wooden Skyscraper Wins International Architecture Competition. C.F. M\u00f8ller's Wooden Skyscraper Wins International Competition originally appeared on ArchDaily, the most visited architecture
Women on the Verge of a Psychotic Episode. Two women, performing on opposite sides of the wall this fall, delivered monologues that were radically different in their displays of physical energy. Each dealt with some of the more curious aspects of being an introvert.
First Nighter. Even before the piece proper begins, Wilson sends out three sleek Dobermans to gallivant among fake cardinals scattered on
Infrared Photos Transform Nepalese Landscape Into Psychedelic Wonderland. We expect that if you captured the beauty of the Nepalese landscape through a snap of the camera, the results would be nothing
'LATINO/US Cotidiano,' an Exhibition of Photographers of Latino Descent. Demographers quantify the growing Latino presence in the United States but the 12 photographers in LATINO/US Cotidiano, curated by Claudi Carreras for the Museum of Latin American Art, qualify it.
Step Inside Roger Ballen's Asylum Of The Birds. Do you feel like the rise of digital photography and Instagram is negatively shaping the future of photography? Birds in
Dreamy Paintings Capture The Dark Realities Of Climate Change. Longstreth's color palette is restrained -- ranging from white to green to brown to blue and back again. With carefully placed
13 Ways to Make Money From Your Songs. With all of the different ways your compositions can be used in both industry models, there's a good chance your songs are generating money you're not even aware of, which means you're missing out on collecting your money.
These Photos Of Faces Hiding In Everyday Life Are Your New Favorite Twitter Addiction. 13. This horrified audio set-up. 1. This frightened bottle opener. 9. This contented boat. 8. This agitated car interior
7 Contemporary Russian And Eastern European Artists You Should Know. A woman looks at a painting on the so called East Side Gallery featuring the famous kiss between then Soviet leader Leonid
The Ridiculous Man Caves Of Australian Bros. In rural Australia, a man\u2019s shed is his kingdom. It\u2019s a place to drink, hang out with his buddies, work on his car, or do
Reverse-Engineering A Genius (Has A Vermeer Mystery Been Solved?). David Hockney and others have speculated\u2014controversially\u2014that a camera obscura could have helped the Dutch painter Vermeer
Punk Icon Kathleen Hanna Brings Riot Grrl Back To The Spotlight. Yup. No, absolutely not! I think it's the same way Ian MacKaye felt about straight edge. He was just writing shit in his
You Thought A Rubik's Cube Was Hard? Check Out This Rubik's Building. Puzzle Facade from Javier Lloret on Vimeo. We can't decide if we're fascinated or horrified at the prospect of the urban
The Most Breathtaking Photos From Around The World This Week. Indian fishermen move boats away from the coast following a cyclone warning in Puri, 67 kilometers (42 miles) away from the
In The Shadow Of The Holocaust. ONE day Hollywood will spin its yarns around Cornelius Gurlitt, the eccentric 80-year-old recluse who lived quietly for decades
Gingerbread Art Museums by Caitlin Levin and Henry Hargreaves. Recently completed for display at Dylan\u2019s Candy Bar during Art Basel Miami, these towering architectural creations of the
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog. From Sky Landscape Series. Ongoing project. Air planes shot at a low exposure crisscrossing the sky.
Stage Door. Dickens, a fierce critic of the Victorian class system and the treatment of the poor, marries social realism to sentimentality here. It succeeds in this crisp rendition because Scrooge's ethical awakening isn't forced.
Jacob Hashimoto on the ImageBlog. Superabundant Atmosphere / Infinite Expanse of Sky, 2008 Paper, silk, wood, nylon Installation view Courtesy Studio la Citt\u00e0
Christie's Tired To Sell The Proclamation That Established Thanksgiving, Signed By George Washington. Now therefore do I recommend and assign Thursday the 26th day of November next to be devoted by the People of these States
This Infinite Staircase Will Make You Believe In Miracles Art. On a good day, art can be a portal to another dimension. On a great day, it's a staircase to nowhere. Meet \Diminish and
Expanding the Grid. Barry Nemett's recent paintings and drawings are a testament to a lifetime of uncompromised practice and ceaseless development.
Stage Door. The travails of Bernie Madoff's family illicit little sympathy from angry, destroyed investors, but first-time playwright Amanda Peet has used it as the backdrop for The Commons of Pensacola
First Nighter. The new cast of Eugene Onegin, the season opener at the Met, has weighed in.  Turns out -- hooray! -- they're a troupe of heavyweights, especially as conducted by debuting Alexander Vedernikov, who appears to have Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky deeply embedded in his DNA.
John F. Kennedy and Poetry. Kennedy thought highly of poetry's wisdom and of its ability to reset a perspective warped by power and politics.
Norman Rockwell's 'Saying Grace' Turns 62 Today. Color Study for \u201cNorman Rockwell Visits a Country School,\u201d 1946 The Gossips The now iconic image is heading to Sotheby's
Olek on the ImageBlog. I Love The Shit Out of You, crocheted acrylic yarn and metallic ribbons on canvas, by Olek
Doug Argue on the ImageBlog. Prehistory, 35 x 47 in., Oil/Linen, 2010-2011, dougargue.com, edelmanarts.com
700 Hot Air Balloons. One Mind Blowing Time Lapse Video.. If we had to guess, we'd suspect watching 700 hot air balloons float into the sunrise would be quite a sight to behold. But
82nd & Fifth. The Met was originally a self-contained structure in Central Park. The addition of the Great Hall reoriented the building
82nd & Fifth. Curator Rebecca Rabinow was awestruck when she discovered Matisse's illustrated book Jazz, which depicts subjects ranging
To Be Young, Gifted and a Classical Musician. Some writers like to reflect on modern history from the distance of a decade or a generation. Others prefer 25 or 50 years as appropriate reference points. Very few stop to think about how our lives have changed over the most recent third of a century.
82nd & Fifth. A highly trained engraver as well as a poet and a visionary, William Blake worked out of the mainstream. \He believed he
82nd & Fifth. Shitao was a monk for some forty years; he then went on to seek fame and fortune as a painter in Beijing. \This is a guy
82nd & Fifth. Robert Rauschenberg used discarded printing plates from The New York Times to create this work, which he began in 1962. \It's
82nd & Fifth. Nose ornaments, which fit over the mouth, were fashionable with high-level men in the ancient Americas for hundreds of years
82nd & Fifth. It took three brothers ranging in age from about fourteen to twenty some four years to illuminate this exquisite work. \In
Catching Up With Mansun's Paul Draper. Draper was kind enough to speak with me detailing everything about The Anchoress, an L.A. rapper also called Mansun and the real story behind his mysterious solo album.
An Interview With Photographer Leonard Nimoy. \It's liberating for me. I don't have to perform -- don't have to take on other identities. It's using a different part of my creative process, which I enjoy. It's refreshing.\
On the \A\ w/Souleo. Stax Records was more than a music machine releasing hits by the likes of Otis Redding and The Staple Singers.
The Anonymous World Of Quilting, Viewed Through The Eyes Of A Feminist. Star of Bethlehem Quilt, circa 1830, Cotton, 95 x 95 \u00bd in. (241.3 x 242.6 cm), Brooklyn Museum, Gift of Alice Bauer Frankenberg
Val Britton on the ImageBlog. Outlier Medium
Reflections on Eddie Peake's Performa 13 Commission. On Thursday, I had the pleasure of seeing Eddie Peake's Performa 13 Commission, Endymion, at the Swiss Institute. I had to
This Is How You Turn A Single Tissue Into An Entire Zoo. The video above begins with a tissue --- commonly known for receiving the sorry end of a sneeze -- and ends with the most
In Santa Barbara. The Santa Barbara Museum of Art is currently presenting Delacroix and the Matter of Finish featuring 27 paintings and 18 works on paper
Miyoshi Barosh on the ImageBlog. Landscape with Added Surprise and Impact #1, 2013, ink-jet print on fabric, acrylic paint, and bleach, 6 \u00bd x 10 inches. Part
Why I Love Talkbacks and Why You Should Too. There are those who think poorly of talkbacks. They think theater, in many ways an ephemeral art, is to be experienced, not analyzed. This is the same argument made by those who think you shouldn't hold poetry interpretation classes.
These Dazzling Blinged Out Skulls Will Leave You Yearning For The Afterlife. That time is no longer, thanks to an intoxicating photo series by Los Angeles based art historian Dr. Paul Koudounaris. Koudounaris
In Praise of Musical Intelligence. I'm old fashioned. I have deep respect and undying love for great songs. Some of them were written for Broadway shows; others to be performed at parties and in nightclubs. Some became popular over the radio or because they were included in beloved movie musicals.
15 Remarkable Colorized Photos Will Let You Relive History. Colorized by Jordan J Lloyd 14. Charlie Chaplin in 1916, at the beautiful age of 27. Colorized by Mads Madsen 7. The tragic
Verdi's Egypt. Today, Egypt is troubled. As my country becomes more politically polarized, sectarian violence continues to rock its society.
First Nighter. If you know William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream and Julie Taymor's several publicity-nabbing productions -- many theater-goers are quite familiar with both -- then you kind of know what to expect when the latter Taymor takes on the former Shakespeare's comedy of love confused.
10 Hyperrealistic Paintings That Will Forever Pervert Your View Of Art History (NSFW). \How can I introduce this idea of introducing the invisible foreground?\ he recalled. \How can I include the viewer in the
Mesmerizing Photos From The Largest Spiritualist Community In The World. She certainly wasn\u2019t the first photographer to do this, as spiritualism and spiritualist photography have long been connected
Discovering Muslim Women in Six Words. If you had to write your entire life's story in six words, what would those six words be?
Wangechi Mutu on the ImageBlog. Sit squat siamese, 2012. Collage on linoleum, 25.75 x 23.75 inches. Image courtesy of the Artist and Susanne Vielmetter Los
Doug Argue on the ImageBlog. Isotropic (Detail), 9.5 x 13.5 ft., Oil/Canvas, 2009-2013, dougargue.com, edelmanarts.com
Americana in Revival. Bay area audiences recently had an opportunity to experience revivals of two celebrated works which, several decades after their world premieres, seem to have lost some of their appeal. Though something was missing at the core of each show.
Really Got a Hold on His Dreams. Charl Brown had to postpone his birthday trip by a few days because he had to audition once again for the role of Smokey Robinson in Motown
From the Boardroom to the Gallery, Women Shut Out. In Gagosian Gallery's new exhibition, \The Show Is Over,\ of the 35 artists featured, just one is female; a staggering reminder of how much work there is left to be done in furthering gender equity within the arts.
Stunning Vintage Photos Of Traveller's Children In 1980s London. This was the subject of Colin O'Brien's photography series, entitled \Traveller\u2019s Children in London Fields.\ The photos
'Calvin And Hobbes' Animated Short Makes Everything Right In The World. (Hat tip, MSN) Describing his homage as a \fan interpretation of Calvin and Hobbes' dance moves, made for fun and no money
Artist Tackles Beijing's Smog Problem With A Giant Vacuum Cleaner. Artist, environmentalist and dreamer par excellence Roosegaarde aptly titled his fantastical system \Smog.\ Smog will employ
Lou Reed. Lou Reed is with us always. It was a privilege to be his friend.
Stage Door. A Mind-Bending Evening of Beckett distills human experience to its most elemental
Moscow Maelstrom. The 5th Moscow Biennale, which closed October 20, saw Political Correctness rear its head beneath the Kremlin walls as feminist Belgian curator Catherine de Zegher turned the swanky Man\u00e8ge exhibition center into a Global Bazaar.
Somali Pirate Movies Take Hollywood. Of course, what he calls \movieness\ still pervades Hollywood depictions of real-world events. \Captain Phillips\ has been
Humiliation, Family Style. As everyone knows, the 1960s was a time of great civil unrest, a subculture embracing hallucinogenic drugs, exuberant celebrations of free love and new music. However, at 1750 Stuart Street in Brooklyn, sounds of celebration and joy were few and far between.
The Most Amazing (Unknown) Buildings In the World. Another trend in \u201cforgotten architecture\u201d is for Eastern European landmarks, whose history is heavily affected by the area\u2019s
1,000 Epic Shipwreck Photos Reveal The Dangerous History Of Life At Sea. Admittedly, it's difficult to accurately frame the dynamic intensity of a crashing wave, but one family of 19th century photojournalists
Meet Franksy, Banksy's Biggest (Canine) Fan. If you've roamed the internet at all in the past month, you almost surely know who Banksy is and probably know who Hanksy
Christopher Colville on the ImageBlog. Untitled W.O.F .04-08-13 8.5x 6 5/8. Unique gunpowder generated silver gelatin print, 2013. I am excited to share these new
Paula Modersohn-Becker. Paula Modersohn-Becker
Totem, Cirque du Soleil, San Pedro, CA. If you could amend the Nobel Prize charter to consolidate all the individual awards into one, Cirque du Soleil's \Totem,\ written and directed by Robert Lepage, at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro would be the first, if not only, recipient.
Do Ho Suh Turns Household Appliances Into Ghostly Specimens. Through his works, Suh envisions the home as a site for the uncanny to grow and play, mirroring the unsettling middle ground
Why Kansas City Swing Means So Much to Me. He was famous among black fans who watched him play and white fans who would read about him in the paper. When he finally was called into the major leagues in his forties, by far the oldest rookie ever, he said this
These Artists Were Brought to You By the Letter \C\. As I struggled to find a link for two reviews, I noticed that two words which kept coming to mind shared the same first two letters (\C\ and \H\). So I decided to look them both up on Wikipedia. The results were fascinating
14 New, Must-See Public Artworks Across the Globe. On the eve of her 100th birthday (November 21), the renowned Japan-born Brazil-based artist Tomie Ohtake just launched a
Artist Hetain Patel Turns Old Ford Into Transformer (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Patel and his dad stand in front of the completed Transformer. \My first car was a 1988 Ford Fiesta gifted to me by my father
Alex Solis' \u00dcber-Creative Instagram Makes Us Feel Bad About Our Own Instagrams. You thought your filtered selfies were artsy? Wait until you see the quirky brilliance that lives and breathes on the Instagram
Stage Door. Tennessee Williams turned his life into art. The blueprint for his family travails, The Glass Menagerie, put him on the theatrical map in 1944, creating indelible characters. His \memory play,\ in its latest Broadway revival at the Booth Theater, is stunning.
Is Music The Key To Success? - NYTimes.com. CONDOLEEZZA RICE trained to be a concert pianist. Alan Greenspan, former chairman of the Federal Reserve, was a professional
20 Famous Architects Design Doll Houses For Kids. AMODELS. Image Courtesy of A Dolls Mae. Image Courtesy of A Dolls Dolls\u2019 House Designs for KIDS Unveiled originally appeared
First Nighter. Looking over the relatively lighter crowd coursing into the first revival of Benjamin Britten's Midsummer Night's Dream at
7 Out Of Control Lego Sculptures That Will Leave You Speechless. 3. The DJ Turntables DJ Console (2007) \u00a9 Kevin Guoh 1. The Terrifying Fortune Demon The Fortune Demon (2012) \u00a9 Mihai Marius
Bold Exhibition Explores Man Ray's Other Passion, Printmaking. Behold, the best proof out there that Man Ray was as much a painter and printmaker as he was a photographer. Enjoy. Poire
May the Lord Take a Liken To You, North By South Theatre Los Angeles, Glendale, CA. May the Lord Take a Liken To You describes a story of martyrs to causes, of following leaders because they're charismatic but whose motives, upon closer inspection, are not pristine
Agents of Change. The 2013 San Francisco Jewish Film Festival included documentaries about two men with as much chutzpah as blood flowing through their veins. While not an international celebrity, each is a heroic figure in his own right.
Angel of Peace Award Granted for Extreme Good. I am Founder of the Peace Angels Project whose sole function is to melt down weapons indigenous to a region, and create Peace Angel monuments to strengthen the power of place.
Character Assassin, Act Out Mystery Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Don't play with your food. That's our what parents used to say. Perhaps they'd be a little more obliging if they could see Act Out Mystery Theatre's Character Assassin, staged at the Reef Restaurant.
A Stunning (Color Coordinated) Photo Journey Through Kenya. Normally we'd expect a photographic documentation of a foreign country to take us on of people, places and things. The nouns
Impossible Dreams. While it's possible that those who aspire to less enjoy life more, I have no doubt that every generation of humanity has had its ass kicked by reality.
Alchemy and Star Stuff. According to Lovitz himself, the interconnectedness of all things in the universe, and the notion that we are all made of cosmic dust, inspire much of his creative activity.
'Modern Nature' Exhibit Explores Georgia O'Keeffe's Love Affair With The Adirondacks. Georgia O\u2019Keeffe, Petunia No. 2, 1924. Oil on canvas, 36 x 30. Georgia O\u2019Keeffe Museum. Gift of The Burnett Foundation and
First Nighter. Massive Attack, by the way, was seen from time to time when the three screens at the end of the hall were backlit. (There
New Exhibition Explores Andy Warhol's Relationship With Books. A new exhibition titled \Reading Andy Warhol\ is out to explore the still mysterious relationship between the image-obsessed
'K-Surrogates' Examines Femininity In Contemporary Korea. \K-Surrogates,\ co-curated by Gary Krimershmoys and Jieun Seo, runs fro September 26 until November 9, 2013 at (Art) AMALGAMATED
Damaged Goods. While popular mythology might suggest that most gay men are handsome, buff, financially secure and enjoy active social lives, that's not always the case.
U-Melt Rides Again. Last Saturday, the New York based improvisational-progressive band, U-Melt, played their first show in nearly three years to a packed house at the Brooklyn Bowl in Williamsburg.
A Shattered 'Glass Menagerie'. Is there anyone who pretends to know anything about the theatre who has not seen or read The Glass Menagerie?  It's the production that counts, and there have been entirely too many to count.
NYFF Guide, Week 1. As the festival opens Friday with the premiere of Captain Phillips, starring Tom Hanks, ARTINFO has chosen its top five films to see in the first week of the festival.
First Riot Grrrl Exhibition Explores The Lasting Impact Of The Punk Feminist Movement. The Riot Grrrl movement exploded in the 1990s, bringing feminist perspectives to the forefront of punk culture. Using zines
Photographer Captures The Monopoly Properties In Real Life. h/t Petapixel It's always nice to know where your money's going, even if that money is fictional paper bills used in the
Art as Response to Attacks on LGBT Rights in Russia on the Eve of the Sochi Olympics. Against the backdrop of increasing, institutionalized homophobia in Russia, I looked for positive and realistic images of LGBT Russians. As a photography historian and film curator, I am aware of the potency of visual representation -- the affirming power of self-representation in particular.
Kubrick's 2001. I imagine it's been a long time since the New York Philharmonic played with so much chatter going on in the audience. But the screening of 2001
Strange And Beautiful Hunting Rituals From Around The World. Rozendaal embarked on the project in 2009 and expects to continue until 2015, traveling the world and documenting the rituals
Artists Bring Giant LED Sun To Darkest Parts Of The World. Norwegian artists Lisa Pacini and Christine Istad are on a seemingly impossible mission to bring sunlight to the parts of
The Devil Is in the Details. The moment in which a critical truth is revealed needs to be carefully placed for maximum impact. Several shorts presented this year by Frameline 37 and Theatre Rhinoceros show how the \reveal\ may be acutely ironic and come out of left field.
Facebook as an Artistic Platform. Her Wall's back-story, part of which is included below, explains not just her shared, almost-daily paintings but the transformation in her approach to art as well.
Deliciously Bizarre Cartoons Turn Puppies Into Bros, Frogs Into Nerds. Here's an illustrator you and your awesome third grade neighbor can both appreciate. Andrew Ho's colorful portrayals of the
Fall Art Exhibitions 2013. It's that time of year, art lovers. Winds are blowing, leaves are crunching and the streets are buzzing with talk of the
Poster Boy. As those of you know from reading my observations on creativity, I have certainly penned plenty of film and book reviews, which often supplement my standard fare of art essays about talented artists that I admire.
Artist Creates Perfect Illustrations For Roald Dahl's Wonderfully Dark Tales. Before your foray into adult literature, your imagination was likely visited from time to time by Roald Dahl's colorful and
\That Which MIght Have Been, Birmingham, 1963\ . September 15, 1963. A car travels North from Valle de Bravo, Mexico toward the border of Laredo, Texas. Artist John Henry Waddell, age 42, and his family have spent the past two and half years living in Mexico.
First Nighter. David Staller is likely the current world authority on George Bernard Shaw. For quite some time, under the auspices of the
Equus at the Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre. A troubled teenager blinds three horses in a stable. A prosecutor plea-bargains treatment for jail time by calling in a favor with a child psychologist. At the end, both men undergo a catharsis. For the patient, presumably, it's a breakthrough. For the doctor, we're not so sure.
13 Miniatures Bravely Exploring The Great (Big) Outdoors. In his series entitled \Un Petite Monde,\ Moses captures natural scenes that would make life size humans feel small, toying
Who Wore It Better. Ford then juxtaposes each image with a close-up shot of a clothing item, illuminating the unexpected patterns that emerge
Bed, Betrayal and Beyond. Two recent productions brought the rights of women into sharp focus by showing audiences societies in which women had little or no rights.
Andrew Brandmeyer. For me, his most impactful and thought-provoking work is that which revolves around his devotions
Has The Art World's Enfant Terrible Bjarne Melgaard Kept His Edge?. The Norwegian creative force, the art world's equivalent of the Energizer Bunny, has been on an art-making rampage the last
Best of Toronto 2013. In her latest project My Love Awaits Me by the Sea, Palestinian filmmaker Mais Darwazah decides to fall in love, and through that love, show the homeland she also discovers for the first time.
Girls Gone Wild. Bad behavior fueled by a toxic combination of narcissism, neediness, and alcoholism lie at the core of Halley Feiffer and Ryan Spahn's new movie, He's Way More Famous Than You.
Liz Glynn On Building A Cosmological Yurt For Doug Aitken's Art Train. Though Glynn will be operating in this tightly confined space (\The yurt was a little challenging to be honest,\ she says
Doug Aitken's Nomadic Extravaganza 'Station To Station' Kicks Off. Moving images were provided by the masters of the field, including Ryan Trecartin, Yayoi Kusama, Kenneth Anger, Raymond Pettibon
Hyperrealist Artist Painted Eyes Until He Got Really, Really Good At It. \u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200bForget the old saying \the eyes are the window to the soul.\ In Simon Hennessey's hyperrealistic paintings
Meet Julia Margaret Cameron, The Victorian Queen Of Contemporary Photography. Philip Stanhope Worsley Alfred Lord Tennyson Cameron was 48 years old when she obtained her first camera, given to her as
At the Zoo, Dreaming of Home. Berry grew up riding and training horses and has always loved animals, but doing the series made her more attuned to issues
Astounding Personal Shots of Hurricane Sandy. As the one-year anniversary of Hurricane Sandy approaches, New Yorkers are starting to reflect anew on the disaster and its
Guy Diehl. This refined look of my work has always been there, even as a kid I drew things to look real. My dyslexia and the anxiety of what I was going to do with my life, pointed me in the direction of realism. At the same time, (the mid 60s) photorealism was taking hold as an art movement.
Trippy Fractals Capture The Kaleidoscopic Beauty Of Architecture. Vancouver-based photographer Cory Stevens does just this, cleverly arranging snapshots of ceilings, walls, windows and cupolas
High Line-Inspired Park Could Be Coming To Queens. (Read original story here) By Barbara Porada Susannah Drake,\u00a0principal of\u00a0Dlandstudio, stated
Gorgeous Black-And-White Storm Photos Will Make You Feel Really, Really Small. Dobrowner's \Storms\ will go on view from September 7 until October 26 at Kopeikin Gallery in Los Angeles. Through Dobrowner's
The 20 Best Ai Weiwei Selfies. 1. The traditional \Selfie with Shadow.\ 19. The requisite \Selfie with a Gas Mask\ 20. \3D in 2D\ 13. \This Is Not A Pipe
Why Poetry Makes Sense. Stephen Burt and I discussed the instructive and useful nature of poetry
Ghosts, Expo Arts Center, Long Beach. Ghosts is neither supernatural nor scary. There are no chains that rattle in the middle of the night to scare the bejeezus out of the characters or the audience. In fact, it's almost unbearably human in its portrayal of the secrets behind a superficially respectable family.
Amazon Art - reverie arts - Peace Angels Project. The Peace Angels Project is a work of Art. At its core it is a contemporary implementation of swords to plough shares. Using art, state of the art technology and media, the Peace Angels Project brings forward the concept of choice, to go to war or to create.
Rites of Passage. Out of a total of 238 films, June's Frameline Film Festival included 82 features and 155 shorts from a total of 27 nations. Frameline 37 also included 14 first-time feature filmmakers. Among the films which show that \the kids are all right\ are the following.
Mapping in a Major and Minor Key. Their fabrication is obsessive. Some of the pieces are dense
The Cosmos Through The Eyes Of Sci-Fi Film Directors. Magrethea, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Beta Quadrant, Star Trek Scroll through the images below and let us know
The Daily Lives Of Wookiees, As Captured By Photographer Mako Miyamoto. Miyamoto has been operating under the moniker Neon Werewolf for two-and-a-half years now, and is drawn to the visage of the
Catching Up with Jordan Rudess. I recently sat down Jordan Rudess in Las Vegas before the Vegas Rocks! show. Yes, Rudess is primarily known as the multi
Dana Schutz Paints The Most Beautiful Awkward Moments You've Ever Seen. I feel very free in that way; I love the feeling of physically working on the painting and wiping it out and then starting
Anna Craycroft. C'mon Language is a project that was designed to include the public in my private process of play and discovery. I have created an exhibition that is a public meeting place, inviting guests and audiences to explore these inquiries with me.
Everyday Household Items Transformed Into Dazzling Visual Landscapes. Hangers Finding inspiration in the bottom of desk drawers and kitchen cabinets, Albertson turns household materials into
Just Relax and Enjoy It. A series of shorts that were screened at the recent Frameline 37 Film Festival revealed thrilling combinations of imagination and technique. Some were animated, some were not. What each film boasted, however, was an abundance of fantastical possibilities.
A Behind the Scenes Look Into Putting an Exhibit Together. Putting together an exhibit is, frankly, an exhaustive and exhausting undertaking.  Creating the body of work, selecting a theme (or thread) -- so many little things go into making the final exhibit.
These Grotesque, Dreamlike Portraits Are Gonna Stick With You. Check out some stills from the video portraits below, best perused with a nightlight and blankie. \ PORTRAIT\ work in progress
What Would The Original Vamp Say To Her Therapist?. How did this particular project come to be? Part of what I do is try to put the viewer off balance in some way. I am interested
An Interview with Taymour Grahne, on the Occasion of the Opening of His Gallery in New York. A prominent collector of Middle Eastern and North African art as well as the creator of the wildly popular \Art of the Middle East\ blog, Taymour Grahne is about to open an eponymous gallery on September 7 in Tribeca.
The Empire Strikes. You know that little game where corporations like Netflix, TiVo and Amazon.com try to \recommend\ products they think will appeal to you? That process is based on meticulously crafted algorithms that apply artificial intelligence to retail choices.
Generative Gatsby. To be honest, the text is not so legible and it would be uncomfortable to read a novel in such way. It is more piece of art
Theatre of the Auto-Immune System. Diseases have often provided great plot twists for stage and screen.
Get Excited, Walter White Fans, A 'Breaking Bad' Exhibit Is Open In NYC. -Alanna Martinez, ARTINFO Like what you see? Sign up for ARTINFO's daily newsletter to get the latest on the market, emerging
Catadores at Picture This Gallery, Long Beach, CA. There's an art to cigars
Musician Turns Ukulele Into A Hip-Hop Beat Machine. Yes, we said it. This is probably the best ukulele video ever made. If you're thinking the claim is a bunch of hyperbolic
Talking with the Hitman. Like many people, I am addicted to Breaking Bad, for my money the single greatest drama in the history of television. I recently
Knitted Bridge Will Be The Biggest Yarn-Bombing In The United States. \Knit the Bridge celebrates the history of Pittsburgh as a city of bridges and steel as well as the region\u2019s thriving, contemporary
Chuck Close. \This is our best show ever,\ exulted Guild Hall Executive Director Ruth Appelhof, repeating what she says every August, as
10 Of The Most Expensive Artworks On Amazon Art. BONUS
Minimalist Vine Videos. Behold
The Kitchen Witches, Little Fish Theatre. \Kitchen Witches\ is a comfort food production, a human comedy of frailty, forgiveness, and letting bygones be bygones. It's like that Mason jar of sour dough starter you keep in the fridge for decades. Opened, it may smell like hell, but oh what wondrous creations it can make.
'Ravens & Writing Desks,' The Garage Theatre in Collision with Alive Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Poor Alice (Tian Walker), the heroine of \Ravens & Writing Desks,\ written by Angela A. Lopez and Ryan McClary, directed by Lopez, and given its world premiere at The Garage Theatre in collision with Alive Theatre.
A Closer Look at Poe's Windfall Poem. A handwritten, signed manuscript of \The Conqueror Worm,\ one of Edgar Allan Poe's most disturbing poems (and that's saying a lot), sold at auction for $300,000 last week, at 15 times its estimate. The poem is memorable for its strange and powerful allegorical frame and its brutal detail.
A Deep Melancholy That's Not Just Personal. A couple of days ago I was in a deeply melancholic state because of various personal struggles, including health and financial issues and an ex-wife I still love, but it all is leavened with the sense that as one approaches the end of life, the world becomes a much more apocalyptical place.
Massive Rotating Skyscraper Is An Actual Design By Dynamic Architecture (VIDEO). Watch the video above and make your prediction regarding about the building's future in the comments. Did we mention there
Nan Goldin's Intimate Side On Display At QF Gallery (PHOTOS). Nan Goldin's upcoming exhibition, entitled \wish you were here,\ is the coolest memory album you never had. The show, dubbed
Marlene Dumas Birthday. It wasn't until 1976 that Dumas was able to fully experience the global art world. That year, the artist won a two-year scholarship
Marcel Duchamp Birthday. Readymades were found objects that Duchamp reclaimed as works of art. They began with a project called \Bicycle Wheel\ (1913
Vince Low Pays Homage To Famous Dyslexics With Realistic Scribble Sketches (PHOTOS). \We used well-known celebrities who were dyslexics to illustrate that dyslexia is not a curse, but a gift,\ Low said in an
Sunset Boulevard, Musical Theatre West. The staging was monumental, the better to highlight Norma's megalomania and her fall from grace from a once luminous career.
The Body Is Absent In 'Antibody' (PHOTOS). The gallery explains how the exhibition offers up \the body in flux, extended, mediated, free of boundaries and full of possibilities
The Power of Three. There is something magical about the power of three. Is it because of the geometrical sturdiness of a triangle? The ability of one person to pick up a story thread while the other two fade into the background? Or is it just a factor of good marketing?
Behold The Glory of '70s and '80s Jersey Shore (PHOTO). When he got out of the Army, Maloney eventually became a member of Light, the groundbreaking gallery in New York with a big
Artist Pablo Iranzo Creates Series Of Vomiting Musical Icons (Photos). What\u2019s better than seeing Bjork or Bruce Springsteen rocking out, and spewing puke all over themselves? One artist thinks
Geometric Sand Castles Like You've Never Seen Before (PHOTOS). \Once I begin building and forms take shape, I can start to see where things are going and either follow that road or attempt
James Turrell Artwork Found In Malibu Beach House. According to the Wall Street Journal, Costen was exploring Turrell's LACMA retrospective when she first saw the light, so
Judy Chicago Birthday. You have explored a wide range of media in your works, including artisan skills that tended to be more heavily associated
Barre None. The last moment I would like to share has to do with the show I saw tonight. It is called \The Drowned Man\ by the same London
'Lost Utopias' Kickstarter Aims To Photograph Every World's Fair Site In North America (PHOTOS). To do so, she\u2019s launched a Kickstarter campaign
Water, Water, Everywhere. Man has always had a love-hate relationship with salt water. How curious then, that San Francisco's recent DocFest should feature three documentaries (each with a different length and theme) which investigate man's relationship with the salt water in his life.
Bergen International Festival Celebrates the Old and Welcomes the New. \The new is born in Bergen,\ said Anders Beyer, the director of the International Festival in the port city of Bergen, Norway. \The festival's become one of the most recognized and prominent cultural spaces for contemporary music.\
Michael Hafftka on the ImageBlog. \u201cTrue\u201d 28 in. X 22 in. oil on canvas 2012 \u201cNew York has scarcely seen figure paintings of such unrelenting solemnity and
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog. Abandoned building in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. New York city offers many possibilities for urban exploration. Abandoned buildings
Mickalene Thomas on the ImageBlog. Monet\u2019s Salle a Manger Jaune, 2012 Rhinestones, acrylic, oil and enamel on wood panel 108 x 144 inches Courtesy of Mickalene
Edward Albee and Faith Ringgold at ArtHamptons in Its Sixth Installment. At the VIP (polo) lounge set up at Nova's Ark, a Bridgehampton sculpture field, two giants went head to head
Shinique Smith on the ImageBlog. SHINIQUE SMITH This Yellow Shell 2013 Clothing, fabric, bamboo, ribbon, rope and twine 65 x 15 1/2 x 12 in.
Mie Olise on the ImageBlog. Watergame, 300x400 cm, acrylic on canvas, 2013
They Left Their Hearts in San Francisco. Coming up at this month's San Francisco Jewish Film Festival is a wonderful new documentary entitled American Jerusalem which details the history of the Jews who helped to build San Francisco (from the days of the California Gold Rush and up to the 1915 Pan-Pacific International Exposition).
Vincent Kartheiser As Mr. Darcy. Is that Pete Campbell? Gaze upon the new Jane Austen protagonist below. Can we talk about those mutton chops? Ashley Rose
My Secret Summer With Anna K.. I have a dozen things I am supposed to be focusing on this summer, but for the past month, what have I snuck off to do whenever I have had a spare moment, like an addict looking for a fix? I am re-reading (for the third time) Anna Karenina.
Rescued Art. To answer this question we turned to the king of thrift store art finds, Rodney Parrott. Head of the online organization
Amateur Singer Emma Robinson's Voice Naturally Sounds Auto-Tuned (VIDEO). \I don't even know how [to] use autotune, this was recorded on an iPad,\ Robinson said in the comments section of another
Brian Stokes Mitchell To Open 'Starry Summer Nights' Series At NYC's Town Hall. Few people are as enthusiastic about the future of musical theater as Brian Stokes Mitchell. The Tony Award-winning actor
Marc Chagall Birthday. In honor of Marc Chagall's birthday, we are revisiting a post originally published last year honoring the artist's life and
Gosia Wlodarczak's 'Room Without A View' Shows What Happens When An Artist Spends 17 Days In A Box (PHOTOS). \u201cThis project will be an experiment where I deliberately deny myself the complex stimuli of my senses, especially the sense
Dancing Till Dawn in Warsaw. There's something shakin' in Poland these days. Musicians who are curious about their folk legacy (the real one) have been discovering its joys, and are passing that joy along to a whole new generation of young people. And they are dancing up a storm... to the Mazurka.
Teachable Moments. Sometimes bad parenting kills people. No amount of input from a teacher can save a child who has not yet even learned how to read. Nor can it always prevent a child from being harmed by his parents' hyperreligiosity, laziness, substance abuse, tendency to commit acts of domestic violence and/or gun fetish.
Vigils, Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre, Long Beach. A Widow's fireman husband (he's called Body) dies trying, without success, to rescue a Child trapped in a burning building. Instead of letting his Soul ascend to heaven, she keeps him in what looks like a coffin but is really a grandfather clock.
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog. A construction crane and airplane approaching La Guardia airport in New York. The New York City sky landscape is always peppered
Brigitte Engler on the ImageBlog. Are, ink on rives paper. 46\x20\ http://cnp-la.org/event/post-lahttp://cnp-la.org/event/post-la
Joshua Dildine on the ImageBlog. In Good Company, 2012, acrylic and spray paint on photograph, 21\u2033x 24\
Post:Ballet's Playful New San Francisco Season. Robert Dekkers couldn't abandon time altogether, but in field the present shifts he has relinquished the concepts of beginning and end. He chose a playful, elegant device, shaping his dancers' bodies into silhouettes of the letters in American Sign Language.
The Gospel of Mary Magdalene. I've come away excited after many memorable evenings with San Francisco Opera, but perhaps not quite so much -- and certainly not in the same way -- as I did after seeing the world premiere of The Gospel of Mary Magdalene, with music and libretto by Mark Adamo.
Frida Kahlo Birthday. Today marks the birth of Frida Kahlo, a Mexican artist celebrated for her dedication to indigenous tradition and female expression
Laura McPhee. Laura McPhee walked me through her exhibit, River of No Return, at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. We discussed her life and the show's twenty-three mural sized chromogenic prints she photographed over several years in the ranch land and wilderness of central Idaho.
'The First Sounds Ever Heard on Earth'. In June, Bernie and I had a wide-ranging conversation regarding our mutual interests in education, technology, and the artistic process. Specifically, we discussed his evolution as an avant-garde artist, as well as the human evolution as both listeners and music makers.
Barre None. You can find Sara Mearns on twitter here
Joachim Seinfeld in the ImageBlog. Neighbours \u2013 Berlin
James Williams III on the ImageBlog. EJW1303, hay horse cattle, 2013, 24 \u00bd x 19 inches, enamel on paper, edition of 6 Courtesy of the artist and Envoy Enterprises
Pieter Hugo on the ImageBlog. Pieter Hugo From the series Permanent Error Yakubu Al Hasan, Agbogbloshie Market, Accra, Ghana, 2009 Digital C-Print \u00a9 Pieter
Miyoshi Barosh in the ImageBlog. Miyoshi Barosh, Love, 2007, repurposed afghans, acrylic yarn, black-and-white pom-poms, canvas, grommets, 8 x 10 ft, courtesy
Moving Image. Welcome to \Moving Image,\ our slideshow of the best photos of the week from around the world. The following photos tell
Paco Pomet's Surreal Paintings Take Vintage Photography To The Next Level (PHOTOS). \Humor is very important,\ Pomet explained in an email to The Huffington Post. \Humor and comedy don't always seem to be
Hollywood Fringe. Proving that love is blind, not to mention merciful, the production takes two hapless characters, gives them a motive, an opportunity, and a means to get together, and then allows them to forge what passes for a relationship.
Tom\u00e1s Saraceno's 'In Orbit' Is His Largest Exhibition To Date (PHOTOS). The museum describes the experience of interacting with the piece below
Betty Draper Photo By Frank Ockenfels Will Fulfill Your 'Mad Men' Fantasies (PHOTO). That golden light, that perfect coif, that tantalizing cocktail -- Betty Draper sure knows how to drink her problems away
Inez & Vinoodh Photographs Head To Gagosian Gallery (NSFW)(PHOTOS). Inez & Vinoodh's exhibition will run from July 12 until August 23 at Gagosian Gallery in Beverly Hills. Bill Murray - New
'Sound+Image'. There has always been an unspoken connection between visual art and music. It is in this vein that Bushwick-based artists Alessandra DeLaCruz and Sarah H. Reynolds have paired up with Sol Republic to present an interactive exhibit titled \Sound+Image\ that couples music and visual art.
When It Comes to Redheads, Color Me Smitten. I've got paintings of redheads on my walls and seek out gifts and cards with photos and drawings of those luscious locks. So naturally, I took notice when I saw the ad on the back of an LA city bus -- a fetching, red-haired woman named Tanna Frederick was starring in a play called The Rainmaker.
Taking Responsibility For Our Own Decisions. Recently screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival, Tall As The Baobab Tree focuses on two young Senegalese women, Coumba and her 11-year-old sister, Debo, who are the first generation to leave their family's remote village in order to attend school in a nearby city.
'Displaced Visions' Exhibit. A new exhibit at Jerusalem's Israel Museum is reconsidering the careers of nearly 100 photographers of the black-and-white
Father's Day Art. On this momentous occasion of Father's Day, we'd like to honor all the Dads out there for their guidance, wisdom and love
'Boy! Oh, Boy!' Explores Cultural Resistance Via Male Photographic Portraits (PHOTOS). It's not often that a single photograph can trigger a wave of cultural resistance, let alone a straight-forward portrait
Underwater Poker Game From 1951 Is Our Photo Of The Day (PHOTO). We thought poker was a stressful game on land, so we can't fathom the added pressure of holding your breath underwater while
Jason Yarmosky Celebrates Aging Childhood Icons In Painting Series With His Grandparents. His series, entitled \Dream of the Soft Look\ portrays elderly subjects revisiting their childhood alter-egos. For his models
City on Fire. The Boston Marathon bombings forced many people to ask an age-old question. Is someone's behavior shaped by nature or nurture? Some of life's tragedies are undeniably due to natural cycles. Two shorts screened at the 2013 San Francisco International Film Festival demonstrated this process with a wry sense of humor.
First Nighter. By 1959 when Tennessee Williams got around to presenting Sweet Bird of Youth on Broadway, as directed by Elia Kazan and starring
Hollywood Fringe. In \If You're Watching This, I'm Dead,\ written and performed by Lisa Cole, directed by Marcella Hawk, and staged at the Elephant Stage's Studio Theatre in conjunction with the Hollywood Fringe Festival, Cole makes a video testament for the people she's leaving behind.
'Jew York' Art Exhibition At Zach Feuer Gallery Looks Divine (PHOTOS). What do expressionist painter Marc Chagall, surrealist photographer Diane Arbus and tech-happy sculptor Jon Kessler have
Mark O'Connor, Violinist And Former Child Prodigy, Celebrates 40 Years Of Music (PHOTOS). At just 13 years old, a skinny, braces-clad Mark O'Connor was awarded the title of Grand Master Fiddler Champion. The violin
Audrey Niffenegger Art. Niffenegger's show will include including fictional illsutrations of her literary characters, dreamlike compositions, and
Tony Awards 2013. The 2013 Tony Awards are taking over Radio City Music Hall tonight, led by four-time host and general theater darling, Neil
When Poetry and Astronomy Meet. Poets and astronomers have a connection after all.  The two disciplines, so unalike in practice, both attract practitioners moved by the desire to discover and joined by a sense of wonder at discovery.
Hollywood Fringe. \Cold Feet\ features Lisa Arturo as Sarah. She has second thoughts about her pending marriage, made more difficult by her
Thomas Williams. London-based art dealer Thomas Williams has managed to pull of quite a coup. He has orchestrated Britain's first ever group exhibition of postwar San Francisco Bay Area art
Frank Lloyd Wright Birthday. Today marks what would have been the 146th birthday of Frank Lloyd Wright, the man who designed more than 1,000 architectural
Mike Kelley, 'Eternity is a Long Time,' In Milan (PHOTOS). From the very first piece, we see the borrowed works on display are given ample room to assert themselves in the cavernous
Theater. Few things are scarier than having a friend insist you come to their relative/best friend/ co-worker's play/rock band/reading/art show. But it's not every day they say, \Come to my brother's opera.\ It's even rarer when that experience is actually fun.
If These Walls Could Talk. One often hears people mutter \If those walls could talk, I'll bet they'd have stories to tell.\ This concept has great appeal to playwrights and producers who are looking to keep their budget for scenery within reason and have a series of short plays to showcase over the course of an evening.
Through the Lens of Helmut Newton. As Wallis Annenberg, of the Annenberg Foundation, said
Tala Madani's Painted World Of Middle Aged Men (PHOTOS). Madani's largest solo exhibition to date, including over 80 paintings, will show at the Moderna Museet Malm\u00f6 until October
'Search For The Unicorn' Exhibit At The Cloisters Spotlights Everyone's Favorite Mystical Horse (PHOTOS). Unicorns are taking over The Metropolitan Museum of Art -- the institute's Hudson River haven, The Cloisters, to be exact
Beauty In Truth. In Beauty In Truth, Parmar tells Walker's story by letting her narrate her own tale, in that beautiful trademark voice of hers, a woman who has lived through so much but still looks at life with enthusiasm and generosity.
Little Shop of Horrors, Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre. Jones' Mushnik nails the rags to riches to compost proprietor of a flower shop. His stentorian voice alone would ensure this production could work as a radio show; it defines his character
Children of Darkness. The Best of Playground Film Festival celebrated its second season in May with a series of films based on outstanding 10-minute dramas that were created as part of this important local playwriting incubator program.
Barn Bocock's 'Brand Wars'. Rivalries between soda companies or athletic shoe designers can be pretty cut throat, but is the inter-industry competition
Ice Cream Art. On a hot summer day, there's no better treat than a tasty ice cream cone. From perfect scoops to melty messes, we've put
National Accordion Awareness Month. In February North Korean accordionists stunned the world with their jaw-dropping cover of A-Ha's \Take Me On.\ In honor of
Tselkov In New York. After wowing London with his Last Supper at Saatchi during the Winter, Oleg Tselkov hit New York this Spring.
Young David Bowie Looks A Bit Different Without The Glitter (PHOTOS). Do you recognize this adorable little blond from somewhere? We'll give you a hint, the young lad would grow up to be a gender
Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen on the ImageBlog. Eyes as Big as Plates # Jaska (2012) Karoline Hjorth & Riitta Ikonen Digital C-Type 120 x 100 cm Recess Redhook
Nicola Samor\u00ec on the ImageBlog. L'Occhio Occidentale, 2013, oil on copper, 39 x 39 inch. This painting was exhibited at \Die Verwindung\ at Galleria Emilio
Of Middle East Cinema and Filmmakers in Cannes. As much as I admire filmmakers, they are modern-day heroes for managing the nearly impossible feat of creating the magic of cinema despite financial restraints and all kinds of obstacles, we must recognize and applaud, encourage these cultural organizations that aid and assist.
Preview, \Made for You and Me. To experience the work in \Made for You and Me
In Memoriam. My initial inspiration for this series came from looking at ancient drawings, existing in places such as Takht Jamshid and
We Appreciate Arrested Development Better Today, But We're Losing Something Else. The Internet has unquestionably reformed how we consume. If only we approached everything with the same curiosity and attention that we give to Arrested Development, that would be a world full of openness, positivity, growth, and education.
That Ain't All, Foulkes. Llyn Foulkes is a maverick, his body of work, a revelation. The Hammer's gifted curator, Ali Subotnik, told NPR
Dorothea Lange Birthday. A critic once commented that after seeing a Lange photograph \You will find it hard to forget this material of human erosion
Levalet Street Art. To find the perfect spots for his works, Levalet wanders around Paris taking measurements. He then draw his figures in black
Frank Gehry Models Show New Perspective Of Architecture Legend (PHOTOS). The gallery will feature over 30 process models from 1985-2012, showing Gehry's designs in all their metallic, organic and
Caesar Sant, Four-Year-Old Violin Prodigy From North Carolina, Suffers Debilitating Disease (VIDEO). Caesar Sant is a four-year-old child prodigy with a gift for playing the violin. He started learning the instrument just
Class Acts. For me, watching a film or a live theatrical performance is a bit like making love. I'm often in the dark, unsure of the next move. Whether or not my hopes and expectations will match reality remains to be seen.
Sanford Biggers on theImageBlog. Cartographer\u2019s Conundrum, 2012, Multi-disciplinary installation, MASS MoCA, North Adams, MA, February 5- October 30, 2012
Wayne W. White on the ImageBlog. HILLBILLY silkscreen
Sanjay Theodore on the ImageBlog. All photographs variable size taken 2011-2012
Wangechi Mutu on the ImageBlog. Wangechi Mutu, The Storm Has Finally Made It Out Of Me Alhamdulillah, 2012. Mixed media collage on linoleum, 73\ H x 114
Lyndie Benson on the ImageBlog. Re-inspired to sculpt.
Flight Attendant Photos. Let us know your best memories of vintage travel in the comments. Before the Lebanese photographer picked up a camera, he
Wang Xingwei Exhibit Showcases Artist's Humorously Bizarre Paintings (PHOTOS). Wang's body of work is humorous yet subversive, entangling elements of Yue Minjun's light-hearted figure paintings with the
Young Marilyn Monroe Photo. If you guessed Marilyn Monroe, then you're right! It's like the blonde beauty was born for the camera. This smiling image
The Doha Film Institute in Cannes. There have been quite a few momentous changes at the Doha Film Institute in the past 12 months, including a switch in management, an allegiance dissolved and a clear trend to return to its well-intentioned roots. But perhaps the most important step is what was just announced.
Carole Bayer Sager on the ImageBlog. \Global Warming\ Oil on Linen 4ft by 4 ft I recently completed a two month art show at the William Turner Gallery in December
Leviathan. There should be a warning for this movie, because while it's labeled a documentary, with its chiaroscuro lighting, it could be called an impressionist kaleidoscope dream, culled from real-life footage.
Joan Snyder on the ImageBlog. Joan Snyder, Break in Two My Heart..., 2011. Oil, acrylic, silk, velvet, paper, graphite on linen, 37\u201d x 59\u201d. Courtesy Gering
David LaChapelle on the ImageBlog. David\u00a0LaChapelle Flaccid Passion, 2012 chromogenic print 40 x 32.77 inches Edition of 5 \u00a9 2013\u00a0David\u00a0LaChapelle\u00a0Studio.
What Doesn't Kill You Can Only Make You Stronger. With nice supporting work from Mitchell Lewis and Gustav von Seyffertitz (I just love the sound of that man's name!), The Docks of New York proved to be a highly atmospheric surprise.
Yoshitomo Nara Exhibit Surveys His Unique Brand Of Kute Kulture In New York (PHOTOS). His works are so menacingly delightful, in fact, that they've attracted the attention of synth god David Byrne. \On the surface
Matching Music To Color. Not surprised by the findings? The study -- which prompted 100 participants from the U.S. and Mexico to match classical songs
'Contemporary Green Buildings' By Taschen Are Gorgeous (PHOTOS). In case you missed the memo, climate change is happening. Luckily those of us who wish to wise up and cut down on our energy
World Nomads Tunisia. What attracted you to the art world of Tunisia? The timing of World Nomads Tunisia was particularly great. The explosion
'War And Peace' Sings! Colin Quinn Gets Scholarly! 'Family' Flops!. Turn the sprawling masterpiece War And Peace by Leo Tolstoy into a musical? Well, it worked for Les Miserables, so why not?
The Man Inside by Karim Goury. The Man Inside follows Karim Goury on a journey inside the room in Kuwait where his father lived the last few years of his life, and places him on the path of several momentous discoveries.
Mike May on the ImageBlog. Illustration for Coolidge's poem, Kubla Khan
Vera\u00a0Iliatova on the ImageBlog. Person You Choose,\u00a02013 oil on canvas 42 by 36 inches
Mother's Day Art. On this holiest of days HuffPost Arts would like to express our eternal gratitude for all the hard-working moms out there
The Mastery of Isadora Duncan. Isadora Duncan invented an open-hearted, graceful form of dance. Her work was so beautiful that it radiated a shocking yet lyrical urgency -- and it forever opened the world to the possibilities of physical, musical expression by the human body.
Rives Granade on the ImageBlog. Kandinsky's Bathmat, oil on canvas, 80\ x 48\, 2012
Miguel Palma on the ImageBlog. RESCUE GAMES (2008), Metallic structures, wood, mechanical and electrical systems, electronic system, water, 1800 x 1050
Maya Bloch on the ImageBlog. Untitled (Yellow fingers), 2012, Acrylic on Canvas, 150x120cm.
\The Bald Soprano\ and \The Chairs,\ The Garage Theatre, Long Beach. The two productions reflect the meaninglessness of the world a few years after the end of World War Two, a world devastated by unimaginable tragedy carried out on a monumental scale, all conducted with the infuriating and mechanical banality of \I just followed orders.\
Peter Hoffman Photos Show What Happens When You Set An Oily Negative On Fire (PHOTOS). In an email to the Huffington Post, Hoffman explained
Salvador Dali Birthday. In the late 1930s, Dali's artistic style took a turn for the more traditional, a trend reflected in his political leanings
First Nighter. Perhaps it's this reviewer's imagination, but it seems that more than the usual number of plays set in the workplace are
Together, Wherever We Go. Togetherness sounds cute but can often be quite challenging. Four short films screened at the 2013 San Francisco CAAMFest show four very different approaches to companionship.
Frieze Art Fair 'Seen And Heard' Edition Gets Real (PHOTOS). The stateside edition of Frieze Art Fair has officially taken over Randall's Island in New York City, bringing hordes of
Bruce Helander on the ImageBlog. Camera Obscura, 2012, Original paper collage on museum board, 11 x 8 \u00bd in. From a 1920s illustration of a cameraman \u2018obscured
Kenya Robinson on the ImageBlog. Title
Enrique Martinez Celaya on the ImageBlog. Enrique Martinez Celaya The One Who Has Taken Its Place, 2012 oil and wax on canvas 78 x 100 in. (198.1 x 254 cm) framed
Sine Waves Animation. OSCILLATE from Daniel Sierra on Vimeo. Even if you hated math class, you'll be entranced by Daniel Sierra's new computer
M.M. Green's 'What's Good' Series Features Killer Portrait Of Lil' Wayne (PHOTOS). While pursuing the project, the artist met Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr. -- aka Lil' Wayne -- in L.A., and asked him to be a
Witnesses Say Flea-market Renoir Was Seen In Family\u2019s Home Decades Ago. Robert Musser was living at Marcia Fouquet's Fairfax County home in the early 1980s when, he said, he noticed a tiny painting
Sanford Biggers on the ImageBlog. Lotus, 2007, Steel, etched glass, colored LED's. 7 ft. diameter, courtesy of the artist and Grand Arts, Kansas City. The
Pieter Hugo on the ImageBlog. Pieter Hugo, From the series The Hyena and Other Men Animal handler with Ajasco, Lagos, Nigeria, 2007, Digital C-Print \u00a9 Pieter
Diablo Ballet Does Balanchine and Modern Urban Nightmares. Tina Kay Bohnstedt's new work From Another Time was a mysterious, absorbing glimpse into a dream world, set to a plaintive piano score composed and played live by local pianist Justin Levitt.
Mexican Artists We Love. Whether you are celebrating Cinco De Mayo by brushing up on your history, whipping up some guacamole or getting slurry with
Michael Silber's 'Kaleidopope' Is An Insanely Awesome Interactive Digital Artwork Inspired By The Papal Election. Michael Silber's hilariously awesome \Kaleidopope\ is like a visit to the Vatican Museum on acid. Scroll over his interactive
'Branding Terror' Book Examines Power Behind Terrorist Logos (PHOTOS). In the preface to his book \The Swastika
Greg Colson on the ImageBlog. \Unfriending\ 2011
Barre None. Welcome to Barre None, my new video blog exclusively on Huffington Post. I'm Sara Mearns and I hope to be your tour guide
All Your Books Are Belong To Us. There's an old saying that \knowledge is power.\ However, long before anyone had written up a job description for an \intellectual property\ lawyer, people were battling over who should and should not have access to knowledge.
Mira Schor on the ImageBlog. Mira Schor, Beginning of Summer, 2012. Ink, oil on gesso on linen, 12\u201dx16.\u201d In the summers I get to sit under a tree, read
Chris Duncan  on the ImageBlog. BALANCE. light and shadow
Haiku Reviews. HuffPost Arts' Haiku Reviews are regular features where we invite critics to review exhibitions and performances in short
Neal Fox, Illustrator, Speaks On Bowie, LSD And His Affinity For Leather Jackets (PHOTOS). NF
Keith Haring Birthday. Although he was condemned by some critics for being too accessible, Haring's generous images for everyone were both easy
Star Wars Day. Artist Sean Starwars is presenting his work at Coagula on May 4, showcasing a series of woodcut fan art in an exhibit titled
Viktor Hertz's Pictograms Are Clever Illustrations Packed With Dark Humor. We know Viktor Hertz as the Swedish artist who made charming pictograms from famous songs and popular films. This year, however
Pay No Attention to the Folks Behind the Curtain. Last summer, as I was riding home on BART from a performance at the Berkeley Repertory Theatre, an aspiring young playwright from Los Angeles who had noticed the press kit in my hands started to chat me up. After inquiring what play I had seen that night, he got right down to business.
Yves Klein Birthday. Today marks the birthday of one of the art world's most debated, yet utterly beloved figures, Yves Klein. Known for his rich
Miyoshi Barosh on the ImageBlog. Miyoshi Barosh, Monuments to the Failed Future, 2012, fabric, foam stuffing, fabricated wood pedestal, courtesy of the artist
Doug Argue on the ImageBlog. Little Sorrows, 75 x 89.5 in., Oil/Canvas, 2013, dougargue.com , edelmanarts.com
Wangechi Mutu on the ImageBlog. Wangechi Mutu, The End of eating Everything (film still), 2013. Animated video (color, sound), 8 minute loop. Commissioned
Don't Miss the Poetry Out Loud Finals This Week. The Poetry Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts created Poetry Out Loud in 2005 to help spread a stronger appreciation for poetry in America's schools.
'Learn To Say F**k You To The World'. Learn to say \u201cF*** You\u201d to the world once in a while. You have every right to. Just stop thinking, worrying, looking over
'Faith Ringgold's America' Tells Vivid Tales Of A Black Woman Living In America (PHOTOS). In an interview with Oxford Art Online, Ringgold explained her decision to address activism in her art
Rachel Hovnanian on the ImageBlog. Beauty Queen Totem, Carrara Bianco Marble, 11 ft.
Hermann Lederle on the ImageBlog. TRANCE, Oil on canvas, 50\ x 38\, 2012.
Richard Prince Tweets Composite Of Seinfeld's Girlfriends In One Face (PHOTO). How is Richard Prince celebrating his recent fair use victory? From the looks of it, by watching a lot of Seinfeld. The appropriation
Describing Matilda's Miss Trunchbull. Numerous critics described The Trunch's appearance in very colorful terms and went out of their way to otherwise paint a picture of the dirt-colored, gold medal-winning child hater.
Laser Forest Installation. It's hard not to like the works of Marshmallow Laser Feast, an art collective with a unique vision for far-fetched, futuristic
The Nation Puts a Poem in Its Pocket. Thursday was National Poem In Your Pocket Day, perhaps the most popular of the many events that highlight National Poetry Month.
Julia Schwartz on the ImageBlog. narcissus on the rocks 2012, oil on canvas, 24x18 inches. From 'trading maps for stars' series. ( exhibited Bleicher Gallery
Charmaine Felix-Meyer on the ImageBlog. ALL NEW CONSTRUCTION! 2009. Cut and carved drywall, wood, sand bag. Dimensions variable. For this exhibition at Jaus, Los
Thomas Whittaker Kidd on the ImageBlog. Thomas Whittaker Kidd, PERFORMANCE TREE, 68x55\, oil on canvas, 2012. The aged New Orleans pavement is alive, moist, yearning
Mike Kelley 'Eternity is a Long Time' At HangarBicocca (PHOTOS). Mike Kelley, \Extracurricular Activity Projective Reconstruction #1 (A Domestic Scene)\ Detail, 2000 In 2008, Glenn O'Brien
Urs Fischer Retrospective Delights And Repulses At LA MOCA (PHOTOS). \Fischer's wizardly ability to present objects on the brink of falling apart, floating away or undergoing psychic transformation
Real and Persistent Struggles of Billy Elliot. Billy Elliot is more than a remarkable musical. It is a window on recurrent struggles that many face; and more should be done to empower and enable them to succeed.
Three Irish Stars Form New Neo-Trad Constellation. This month sees the appearance of a new constellation of neo-traditional stars in the Irish music firmament
Awash in Nostalgia. Some people believe that hindsight is 20/20. I think it's warped by sentimentality, wishful thinking, and rose-colored glasses. Whether one listens to Betty Buckley singing \Memory\ from Cats, or Barbra Streisand's version of the title song from 1973's The Way We Were, memory tends to play tricks on clarity.
Jody Zellen on the ImageBlog. Installation at P\u00d8ST gallery in Los Angeles, CA in July 2012 where I presented a grid of my recent gouache on paper paintings
Margaret McCann on the ImageBlog. \Image Caption for JPG#2\. My Halloween costumes feature wacky headdresses - a giant rat, homemade Medusa wig, manikin leg
Wayne White on the ImageBlog. HIGH DOLLAR RIG acrylic on canvas >>About Wayne White
Odilon Redon Birthday. However you choose to call these creatures, in the 1890's these nightmares turned into dreams as Redon's works suddenly became
Paris Photo Fair Heads To Los Angeles For The First Time (PHOTOS). Correction
Record Store Day 2013. Called the Voice-o-Graph, the refurbished 1947 machine is a \make your own record\ booth that spits out six inch phonograph
Candyland Landscapes By Pip & Pop Take Us Into A Sugar-Coated Dream Wold. If you've ever wanted to stroll through the Lollypop Woods or hike up the Gumdrop Mountains of your childhood Candyland game
Art Books April Edition. April ushers in lively spring, and the newest art books this month get us in the mood for warmer weather. From photography
William Copley And BFBC Inc. Join Forces For Sugary Sweet NSFW Exhibition, 'Gang Bust' (PHOTOS). Venus Over Manhattan Gallery explains
Rebooting the Game. Imagine trying to reconstruct Beethoven's Ninth Symphony from a handful of reviews of the original performance. This is the task that dance historians Millicent Hodson and Kenneth Archer embarked upon, when they began to piece together The Rite of Spring.
Mick Haggerty on the ImageBlog. Harvest. >>About Mick Haggerty.
Robin Mitchell on the ImageBlog. Robin\u00a0Mitchell, Third Eye 2010, gouache on paper 24\ x 18\, courtesy Craig Krull Gallery, Santa Monica, CA. >>About Robin
Vera Iliatova on the ImageBlog. Simple Men,\u00a02013, oil on canvas, 42 by 36 inches. >>About Vera Iliatova.
How Much Are Great Poems Worth?. The sale of poet and scholar Roy Davids' remarkable poetry collection, part of which took place at Bonhams Auction House in London this past week, offered us a glimpse of just how valuable collectors consider rare poetry manuscripts to be.
Coffee Art. \I kind of want to be like Willy Wonka with coffee,\ Breach says in the video above. \Make it something interesting and fun
John Williams, Outsider Artist, Creates Moving Historical Collages (PHOTOS, INTERVIEW). Art allows Williams to channel his energy toward his artistic vision, although Williams specified that he's most appreciative
Monica Nouwens Photo Exhibition At Foam Gallery Presents Ambivalent And Bewitching Image Of LA (PHOTOS). Known and loved for its blue skies, silver screens and tan physiques, Los Angeles might look unfamiliar through Monica Nouwens
Anna Sew Hoy. 
Stage Door. To discourage her, she's sent to a prison-like school run by the maniacal Miss Trunchbull (an extraordinary Bertie Carvel), who sings to her maligned charges
Kate Jenkins' Crocheted Foods Are The Most Delicious Crafts You'll See Today (PHOTOS). And just when we thought we couldn't handle any more cuteness, we perused Jenkins' website, which reads
Remembering Maria Tallchief. As she touched my hand to adjust it, I was keenly aware that this same hand had also touched Balanchine, Nureyev and countless others. It was hard to wrap your head around. I was thirteen years old and I had never been more intimidated. Or more thrilled.
Bruce Helander on the ImageBlog. Sending Out an S.O.S., 2009, Original acrylic on canvas with printed background, 79 5/8 x 50 in. A reminder not to attempt
Delia Brown on the ImageBlog. A Fashionable Woman Lunches in the Arts District with Her Daughters, 2008, oil on panel, 12\ x 20\. The project \Precious
Joachim Seinfeld on the ImageBlog. Neighbours \u2013 Berlin
First Nighter. Buyer & Cellar, a one-man intermissionless 90-minuter showcasing an extremely adroit Michael Urie, could easily be dismissed as a merely silly time-killer for La Streisand fans. Yet, in a larger sense, it inadvertently implies a reality about the American obsession with fame.
Before the Parade Passes By. If one is lucky, certain theatrical moments reach out and grab an audience with their magic. For many of us devoted to the magic of live theater, it is the quest for a special kind of moment that keeps us coming back for more.
Jeffrey Braverman  on the ImageBlog. Arthur, 2012 (color photograph) An in depth portrait documenting photographer Arthur Tress. Tress has spent his career taking
Mike May on the ImageBlog. Binder >>About Mike May
Awol Erizku on the ImageBlog. \Awol Erizku, Girl with Versace Pants, 2011. Digital chromogenic print, 65 x 50 inches, Edition of 5. Courtesy of Awol Erizku
AIPAD Photography Show 2013. It's that time of year, New Yorkers, when the Park Avenue Armory's massive indoor space is transformed into one of the city's
Gorgeous New App Helps You Memorize Poetry. Just in time for National Poetry Month, Penguin has teamed up with app developer inkle to bring you a high-tech, enjoyable way to memorize classic poetry.
A Very American Chic. Payne Bradley's new suite of dances entitled Up in the Air appear to be her way of having a conversation with legendary, long dead choreographers. She speaks the language of classical ballet with fluency and a modern accent. There is also an elegance, a very American chic.
The BMFA's Phantom Japan Collection and the Empty Swinging Door. Perhaps the MFA with its increasingly contemporary orientation is no longer so interested in opening the doors to other, older cultures.
'LetterScapes' By Anna Saccani Puts Typography In The Spotlight (PHOTOS). What began as Saccani's doctoral thesis turned into an ode to the art of large-scale public typography projects. Besides
The Week In Arts&Culture. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, that well-known behemoth of the New York City art scene, has been the subject of some not
Saya Woolfalk on the ImageBlog. Saya Woolfalk, The Empathics
Tom Lawson on the ImageBlog. \u201dSubject to Debate, 2012, 72 x 66 inches, oil on canvas, Courtesy of the artist and David Kordansky Gallery.\u201d >>About Tom
\u2018Orphans\u2019 Regroups With Alec Baldwin And Ben Foster. Is anything ever easy with Alec Baldwin? An Emmy Award-winning star whose periodic outbursts have made him a tabloid treasure
The World's Greatest Beethoven Festival. In addition to the social and artistic goals that were accomplished, the festival further defined Teatro Mayor director Ramiro Osorio's vision of theaters as public workspaces to the point where that vision can now serve as a template for replication and localization.
Molly Crabapple's 'Shell Game' Paintings Depict A Year In Crisis From Occupy Wall Street To Anonymous Hacks. Activist artist Molly Crabapple's new series of paintings titled \Shell Game\ at Smart Clothes Gallery in New York portray
Rachel Kaye on the ImageBlog. M8\u00a0Colored Pencil on Paper 9\ x 12\ 2011.\u00a0Included in the exhibition\u00a0Shebam! Pow! Blop! Wizz!\u00a0at\u00a0Johansson Projects, December
Joachim Seinfeld on the ImageBlog. Neighbours - Berlin
Charles\u00a0Garabedian on the ImageBlog. Charles\u00a0Garabedian\u00a0Willie Snake, 1985 acrylic on canvas (three panels) Overall
Will Ryman's Bird On View in Flatiron Plaza. Constructed of both actual and fabricated nails, Bird is the first art structure to be displayed at this location, and part of DOT's new effort to bring more contemporary art to the public space.
Easter Art. Break out your oversized chocolate creatures and neon pink Peeps, because the Easter bunny has officially landed. That's
'The Shoemaker,' Short Film By Dustin Cohen, Tells The Touching Story Of A 91-Year-Old Brooklyn Shop Owner (VIDEO). \I'm not the retiring person,\ Mr. Catalfumo states in the video above. \You've got to keep moving in life.\ 'The Shoemaker
Joseph Keckler Is On Our Radar. JK
A Brief Guide to National Poetry Month. April is National Poetry Month, poetry lovers!  An annual celebration (since 1996) sponsored by the Academy of American Poets, the event aims to spread the gospel of poetry and celebrate the art's rich past and vibrant present.
From Egg Lady to Egg-xecutive. My mom Daniela Mahoney celebrated her 30th anniversary as a nationally-recognized Czech folk artist in the United States this year. After many setbacks under the Czechoslovakian regime, she finally found personal and financial freedom through the traditional craft of egg decorating in the U.S.
The Week In Arts & Culture. The record has gone down in history as one of Rolling Stone's 500 greatest albums of all time (along with \Led Zeppelin,\ \Led
Vincent Van Gogh Birthday. Of course, it's no secret that the artist, who died at the age of 37, lived a tortured life, suffering from mental health
Atilio Pernisco on the ImageBlog. Untitled 2012 oil on canvas 12 x 16 in
Brigitte Engler on the ImageBlog. Bobby, ink on rives paper. 46\x 20\ http://cnp-la.org/event/post-la
Craig Taylor on the ImageBlog. Secret Picnic Spot 30 x 26 inches oil on canvas 2012
Francisco Goya Birthday. Happy Birthday, Goya! We are thankful for you and your ability to paint the most frightening eyeballs we have ever glimpsed
LaToya Ruby Frazier Photographs. \A Haunted Capital\ runs from March 22 - August 11 at the Brooklyn Museum. Scroll through the slideshow below to see some
Post-Apocalyptic Pastorale. Jazz-minh Moore is painting figures in landscapes, in acrylic paint, on birch panels. She often distresses the boundaries of her panels, or otherwise incorporates the physicality of her substrate into the work itself.
Kenya Robinson on the ImageBlog. Title
Patricia Terrell-O'Neal on the ImageBlog. Boy in Orange Shades, oil on canvas, 42\ x 30\
Bruce Helander on the ImageBlog. Post Triangle, 2009, Original acrylic on canvas with printed background, 56 \u00be x 39 \u00bc in. -- A structured composition of disparate
Tilda Swinton Sleeps In A Glass Box At The Museum Of Modern Art. Swinton debuted \The Maybe,\ a collaboration with artist Cornelia Parker, in 1995 in London, and later reprised it in Rome
Comedian Matt Graham Talks SNL, Scrabble Championships And His One-Man Show, 'This Too Shall Suck' (PHOTO). What are you hoping to achieve with \u201cThis Too Shall Suck\u201d? And you finally ended up in Boston? It's been quite an honor. At
Affordable Art Fair. There's nothing we adore more than an art organization with a democratizing attitude, so how could we not fall in with New
Christo and Jeanne-Claude's New Massive Installation 'Big Air Package' In Germany Is The 'Largest Ever Inflated Envelope Without A Skeleton'. Christo and the late Jeanne-Claude are the grandparents of fantastical large-scale installations. The pair draped a 400-meter
Old School Hollywood Royalty. Once upon a time, Hollywood stars were worshipped like gods and goddesses. No photographers were trying to snap pants-less crotch shots as someone stepped from a car. Nor were they terrorizing people in traffic and threatening the lives of innocent bystanders with their self-aggrandizing stunts.
Dannielle Tegeder on the ImageBlog. Having grown-up in a family of steamfitters that planned and built large scale electrical and heating systems in industrial
Robert Minervini on the ImageBlog. Lone Bather, acrylic and oil on canvas, 50 x 60\ 2012 Courtesy of the artist and Marine Contemporary
Kenyatta A.C. Hinkle on the ImageBlog March 23, 2013. The Uninvited, Acrylic paint on polyfilm printed photo, 20 x 30 2009-12 This piece is from \u201cThe Uninvited\u201d series that is
The Week In Arts&Culture. This week we got a whole new batch of artwork from the artist formerly known as President Bush and we celebrated some holy
An Interview with Lebanese artist, Pascal Hachem, from London's Selma Feriani Gallery, Art Dubai 2013. PH
It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's Superman'. I loved comics as a boy. Drawing comic book characters always intrigued me, and Superman was a favorite.
Three Non-Traditional Poems of Spring. Spring officially arrives on Wednesday, a season that has always been seen as a symbol of rebirth and renewal, and the unquestioned darling of poets.
\Twice Removed. Rare is the chance to see work that, piece by piece, so clearly merits a visual dialogue.  Such is the case here. Greg Mocilnikar does to space what Juan Gris, with his Synthetic Cubism, does to form.
An Interview With Bisi Silva, Curator of Art Dubai's 'Marker' Project. This third edition of Marker, curated by Lagos-based Bisi Silva for the seventh edition of Art Dubai, describes the societal changes sparked by the rapid development of West African cities.
Irish Artists. Happy St. Patrick's Day dear readers! We hope you are wearing green, drinking appropriately colored beer and finding four
The Big Reveal. Some people may be horrified by my attitude toward spoiler alerts, but the Internet has changed the nature of arts criticism. If an important plot device can't be discussed in print, it means that the playwright and producer lack sufficient faith in their material to trust their audience.
Walter Pierce, Architect Of Modernist Homes, Is Dead At 93. Read more on The New York Times Had Paul Revere made another pass through Lexington, Mass., only this time in the 1940s, he
Paris Photos By Joanna Lemanska Capture Serene Reflections Of The City of Light (PHOTOS). \First thing that I do when a see a potentially interesting reflective surface, like puddle, window, floor, is to look around
The Week In Arts & Culture. \Mirror\ continues the multi-disciplinary artist's explorations of space and time. A kaleidoscopic LED display will wrap
Women's History Month Artists. WHERE
MOCA-National Gallery Of Art Deal Is An Empty Prospect. A proposed five-year collaboration deal between the troubled Museum of Contemporary Art in downtown Los Angeles and the National
CAPTION THE ARTWORK. In 1546 Angelo Bronzino beautifully painted the ultimate Mannerist family orgy, also known as \Venus, Cupid, Folly, and Time
Learning From the Masters. If you want to see an example of creativity as \intelligence having fun,\ watch the opening sequence from 1920's The Scarecrow as the 5'6\ Buster Keaton and 6'3\ Joe Roberts sit down to one of the most elaborately choreographed breakfasts you will ever see in your life.
In Sydney, Opera Grabs the Bull by the Horns. Outdoor opera is artistically risky. Some say it compromises the art form and that amplifying the singers' voices destroys opera's unique element, the sound of the unadulterated human voice. As a means to draw new audiences, the gamble is paying off.
A New Collection Shines Light Rudyard Kipling, the Poet. Though he was a Nobel Laureate, Kipling is a controversial figure in the literary world. He was a strong voice for colonialism and the British Empire -- at times, from a contemporary perspective, shockingly so.
Women's History Month Artists. HuffPost Arts&Culture is celebrating Women's History Month with the help of our favorite artists -- female artists, of course
'Iran Modern' Exhibit At The Asia Society Illuminates 20 Years Of Contemporary Art In Tehran (PHOTOS). In \Argo,\ we see a mob of angry Iranians storming the embassy during the 1979 revolution, and in \Reading Lolita in Tehran
Edo Pop. During the Edo Period in Japan (1615\u20131868), Tokyo quickly became a cosmopolitan city with a lively arts and culture scene
Optical Illusion. \As a child, I often thought about being very huge, being able to see everything from above. I imagined things like a giant
Pilobolus Dance. In the video above, a troupe of talented dancers perform to Alicia Keys' \Empire State of Mind,\ contorting their bodies
The Week In Arts & Culture. Click here to read more. And finally, behold, the 10 art trends dominating Armory Week 2013. Share the trends you noticed
6 Artists on their Road to Broadway and Engaging Audiences. Since last week, Paul's next play has been announced at Signature Theatre in Arlington; Santino opened to positive reviews in Cinderella; Kinky Boots has had a bravura first few performances, and the theatre world keeps turning.
Women's History Month Artists. WHY
A Who's Who Explanation Of Everyone Involved In Bolshoi Ballet Acid Attack. The real-life drama surrounding Russia's Bolshoi Theater reached all new heights of absurdity this week when it was revealed
Trans-Mongolian Short Film Documents Train Journey From Beijing To Moscow (VIDEO). Trans-mongolian 
Nude Sculptures By Ron Mueck Bring Hyperrealism To A Whole Other Level (PHOTOS). The image above, which was previously on view at Hauser & Wirth in New York, shows a naked middle-aged woman desperately
When Musicals Reflect Our Lives. Musicals are one of America's most beloved forms of entertainment. And they have often offered audiences a chance to explore controversial topics of the day.
Invasion of the 'Deathxperts'. I like to think that I'm the first to notice, love, and highlight a fantastic new phenomenon that's out there
Week In #Instagigs. When it comes to commanding stage presences, few indie pop stars hold a candle to Solange. With her velvety voice and killer
A Rare Charlotte Bront\u00eb Manuscript Up for Auction. The manuscript of a poem by Charlotte Bront\u00eb is up for auction in London next month.  Best known for her novel Jane Eyre, Bront\u00eb also wrote hundreds of poems during her lifetime.
Duane Keiser. DK
The Photo Of The Day. In \Prejudice\ 22-year-old Osvald captures a balance between grief and beauty well beyond her years.Yet according to Colossal
World's Fair Photos. For more on Ive Mae's exhibition at the Nelson-Atkins Museum in Kansas City, see our previous article on his work here. Let
Allison Schulnik Interview. Allison Schulnik
'Music Is Enough for a Lifetime But a Lifetime Is Not Enough for Music:' Van Cliburn (1934-2013). I hope, with the tremendous loss of Van Cliburn, the vacuum it leaves, of this gentle, magnificent soul, we will, I hope be able to console ourselves slightly with these not yet issued recordings by one of the greatest lyrical pianists the world has ever known. Fingers crossed.
Women's History Month Artists. WHO
Subway Font. \The passenger will be given the information or direction only at the point of decision. Never before. Never after,\ reads
Rhye's 'Woman'. Mike Milosh and Robin Hannibal operate under the collective pseudonym, Rhye, a simple, slightly mysterious band name that
Sweating Out a Surrealist Nightmare. Do your nightmares make you feel like you've entered The Twilight Zone? Do you feel trapped in a surrealistic cesspool? You are not alone.
CAPTION THE ARTWORK. In 1475 Renaissance favorite Sandro Botticelli took a break from painting goddesses and muses to capture a particularly chiseled
LP Cover Art. Vinyl records have certainly been making a comeback in recent years, with fans and musicians alike returning to the retro
Photography Magazine 'Aperture' Relaunches With 'Hello, Photography' For The Digital Age (PHOTOS). Sixty years after it's founding, \Aperture\ is back with an attitude. Aperture Foundation, a not-for-profit photography organization
'The Art Show' Celebrates 25 Years Of Art Loving With Knockout Fair (PHOTOS). When an art fair refers to itself only as \The Art Show,\ it certainly challenges itself to live up to the name. Yet after
The Buddy Miller and Jim Lauderdale Show -- Live!. Some music needs to be heard in concert to be fully appreciated. No amount of spin doctoring by journalists or peer pressure from fanatical fans can justify an act unless one catches said act live.
The Week In Arts & Culture. We've been waiting for the day when Carrie Brownstein and Fred Armisen would tackle the hazy boundaries of conceptual art
Oscars Greenroom 2013. Cinephiles everywhere are counting down the minutes until the 2013 Academy Awards, carefully reviewing their picks for Best
Child Conductor. Jonathan Okseniuk may be young, but according to his mother, he developed an interest in classical music at a mere eight
Screwing Up. The Skivvies appeared. They took off all their clothes, except their underwear, which was not minimalistic but pretty revealing. There was a drummer who also took off his clothes. All three were ... well-made.
Ray Smith at Parade Ground. The exhibition at Parade Ground represents a new brand of Ray Smith, who showed his work at Sperone Westwater, Gagosian, Bruno Bischofberger and elsewhere throughout the 1980s.
'Gone Too Soon' Exhibit Sends Michael Jackson's Jacket And Whitney Houston's Pants Across The Country (PHOTOS). HP
Week In #Instagigs. Once upon a time, Mumford and Sons, Haim and Ben Howard all took the stage at the same time at Barclay's Center in Brooklyn
Artist Titus Kaphar Talks Memory And Madness In His Latest Installation, 'The Vesper Project' (INTERVIEW, PHOTOS). HP
Robert Rickhoff Photos. In an email to the Huffington Post Rickhoff explained, \I wanted to re-interpret the idea of public space with humor through
Verdi by the Numbers. A small blip in the history of opera occurred this week in Bilbao, Spain. It occurred a few seconds after the curtain came down on the dress rehearsal of Verdi's 1855 French opera, les V\u00eapres siciliennes.
Moving Image. Welcome to \Moving Image,\ our slideshow of the best photos of the week from around the world. The following photographs
The Week In Arts&Culture. Artemisia Gentileschi, \Judith Beheading Holofernes\ (1612-13). Oil on canvas, 199 \u00d7 162 cm (Wikimedia) The art world experienced
Ray Chen Is ON OUR RADAR. HP
\Proposals,\ The Norris Center for the Performing Arts, Rolling Hills Estates. Because we identify with each and every one of the characters and their issues, we leave feeling as if we've known them for
Barbie Loves Israel. The Italian couple may have looked like typical tourists, visiting the sites and shooting photos, but it was the objects in their photos that attracted the curious stares. Accompanying the couple during their travels, were Barbie and Ken, the iconic plastic dolls.
Richard Artschwager, Whose Multifarious Work Defied Categorization, Dies At 89. Richard Artschwager, who crafted a protean and enigmatic body of work over the course of more than half a century, has died
Week In #Instagigs. For more on #instagigs, check out last week's article (featuring the one and only Cat Powers). As always, submit your own
Why It's Time for Galleries to Dump the Jargon. You might think that it was fine for art sometimes to \question\ things, but that most of the \questions\ that were being raised were questions that had been raised in art quite a lot before.
Rejected By Sotheby\u2019s, Florida Pastor Is Arrested In Sale Of Forged Art. To hear Damien Hirst's critics tell it, his works may be among the easiest to duplicate in the art world. They can seem startlingly
Bill Clinton Transforms LA. President Bill Clinton, Inventor Dean Kamen, White House Chief Technology officer Ken Park and Astronaut Leland Melvin were among the big name speakers at this year's by-invitation-only TRANS4M conference, held at the California Science Center in Los Angeles this past Thursday.
The Week In Arts & Culture. If there's one thing Philip Glass knows how to do besides compose an avant-garde masterpiece, it's curate an impressive musical
SEEN AND HEARD. Our new series, \Seen and Heard,\ introduces the best quotes and snapshots from the past week's art exhibits. From hilariously
Artist Dana Hoey On Her Upcoming Exhibition \The Phantom Sex\ And Her Obsession With Sean Young (INTERVIEW)(PHOTOS). DH
Norman Rockwell Birthday. Today is the birthday of famed 20th century painter and illustrator, Norman Rockwell. Popular for his depictions of everyday
'Sharp Suits'. Thus Sharp Suits was born, an anonymous space for ad creatives, designers, animators, directors and illustrators to visually
The Best Animal Poetry. I've collected a few animal poems here that speak to the essence of an animal, but also illuminate the human condition.  In order, they address our faith, doubt, passion and dread.
A Super Bowl Poetry Roster. As we gather 'round our national campfire for the Super Bowl, of course it seems like poetry -- for one thing, the Ravens are named for Baltimore's tragic own poet-in-residence, Edgar Allen Poe, and his poem \The Raven,\ and the coaches quote Shakespeare.
In Conversation With Saul Williams. Alright, so we know Saul is full of magic, but how do we go beyond the quotes and a performance (his performances are one of a kind experience and highly recommended) and get in conversation with Saul?
Aperture's 'Photography' Exhibition Combines Big Names, Punchy Colors And Fujifilm X-Series Cameras (PHOTOS). William Eggleston is the classic American veteran, Nan Goldin the grimy provocateur and Martin Parr the extra-saturated satirist
Afghan and American. My father came to the midwestern United States in 1956 for an education. Born and raised in the environs of Kabul, he certainly was in for an education, but perhaps not entirely the one he envisioned.
Crowdfunding 201. Enter Seed & Spark, a (very) new entrant in the crowdfunding space. I met up with them at Sundance, via mutual friends. A
The Week In Arts & Culture. Tina Fey has once again announced plans for a possible musical adaptation of her classic teen film, \Mean Girls,\ giving
Erik Kessels Found Photography Book Chronicles Adventures Of Wedding Photographer Larbi Laaraichi (PHOTOS). All Kessels' books are available at KK Outlet. Which of Laaraichi's looks is your favorite? Let us know in the comments. Correction
Kyle Staver. Diane & Actaeon, 2012, oil on linen, 68 x 154 inches (detail) In the central panel Diana, a cubist bombshell with a well
Keith Haring's Tokyo Pop Shop On Display At The New York Historical Society (PHOTOS). Now you can see a rotating display of the objects sold in his Tokyo Pop Shop at the New York Historical Society. The ceiling
Photographer Wang Wusheng's 'Celestial Realm' Entrances At Barry Friedman Ltd. (PHOTOS). See a preview of the exhibition below and let us know your thoughts in the comments. In his dramatic, large-scale photographs
An Inauguration Week Poem That Deserves More Attention. Here's hoping Sandburg's poem can inspire some sensible debate about addressing gun violence.  At least, in a week of new beginnings, it's a good place to start.
50 Years Of NASA's Space Food Packaging Documented. Responsible for providing flight crews with food systems that are safe, the advanced food technology project from NASA focuses
Rich Dudes Fighting Over Jasper Johns Paintings Of \Hairy Testicles\. It goes without saying that most rich folks have a bit of money to throw around on their hobbies--that $1.9 million teddy
Aleah Chapin's Nudes Show The Beauty Of The Aging Human Form At Flowers Gallery (NSFW PHOTOS). Chapin, who grew up on an island off the coast of Washington, paints women she grew up with, dubbed \aunties.\ Placing her
Peter Doig At Christie's. Peter Doig has been known to fetch a high price at auction, attracting eager bidders with his tranquil, snowy landscapes
Barbara Kruger Birthday. In honor of Ms. Kruger's birthday, watch a time-lapse video of the Hirschhorn installation process here, and view a slideshow
NYC-ARTS News. In theater news, the 2012 Pulitzer Prize-winning drama, Water by the Spoonful, extends its run by two weeks. This play is the second in a trilogy by Quiara Alegr\u00eda Hudes.
The Week In Arts And Culture. On Thursday, we were entranced by Brian Finke's photo series on pumped up forms. And who could forget the presidential inauguration
Contribute to the Unofficial Inaugural Poem. Organizers have asked us (!) to harness our most patriotic and poetic instincts (!) with the hashtag #prezpoem. At times, we might come off as a little too earnest, and we might go a little crazy with our adjectives, and we might not even take the time to spell \thru\ correctly, but don't judge us.
Garry Winogrand's Photography Retrospective Brings 250,000 Unknown Images To SFMOMA (PHOTOS). With visual puns, odd personas and absurd juxtapositions, Winogrand turns ordinary American moments into extraordinary photographs
Parking Lot Art? Indianapolis' Hotel Commissions Graffiti Artist Nick Walker To 'Vandalize' Garage (PHOTOS). What can you expect from a $44 million, boutique style art hotel, though? Of course they would hire an artist to creep around
All Hands on Deck!. I tip my hat to Kathleen Marshall, who directed and choreographed the revival of Anything Goes with the intention of adding plenty of snap, crackle, and pop to a show that is nearly 80 years old. The result is quite astounding.
Cindy Sherman's Birthday. In honor of Sherman's big day and blockbuster year -- she recently had retrospectives at MOMA and SFMOMA -- we'd like to
The Week In Arts & Culture. Greetings, dear readers! This week we were seething with jealousy over memorabilia from Studio 54 but then became hopeful
Artist As Applicant. The artist as applicant is an artist who is applying for an award that offers money, a studio residency, or an honor. The artist as applicant may be nominated or may respond to an open grant application call. Sometimes there are restrictions (age, locale, gender, education). The artist as applicant often but not always, has another source of income -- a day job, a part-time job, or the actual sale of their art. Some artist as applicants rely entirely on grants for their income.
Marc Quinn's sculpture of a Giant Baby unveiled at Gardens by the Bay. \To me,\u00a0Planet\u00a0is a paradox - hugely heavy, yet the bronze appears weightless; overwhelmingly\u00a0 big, yet also an image of
Robert Indiana Wins Suit Over Hindi 'Love' Sculptures. A federal judge has ruled in favor of the artist Robert Indiana, best known for his \LOVE\ sculpture featuring a tilted letter
Janis Joplin Birthday. Today is the birthday of psychedelic goddess and raucous rock icon, Janis Joplin. The front woman of groups like the Full
Wolfgang Laib Is ON OUR RADAR. WL
Virtual Choir 4. Contemporary composer, conductor and TED talker Eric Whitacre is well-known for creating choral works and scores, but recently
When Beer Inspires Poetry. Just thinking about beer, it seems, encourages me to write nonsensical phrases like \mmmmCREAMYIPA!\ and, no, I wasn't drinking when I wrote that.
'What Is That Art Worth?'. The New York Times recently contrived to use its banner of influence to revile contemporary art by flagging in two separate editions the same letter parading the moth-eaten defamations of the contemporary art world.
'Magical' Feminist Art Show. HP
\Intimately Wilde,\ Olio Theatre Works at Long Beach Playhouse. But the story would be nothing without a faultless ensemble effort. Knudson's Constance (apt name, that) nicely captured
'German Expressionism 1900-1930. \German Expressionism 1900-1930
Live and Dangerous. Tomorrow Never Knows is known for successfully blending up-and-coming artists with nationally known rock-centric indie acts -- last year's lineup included Grouplove, Theophilus London and Chairlift.
The Week In Arts & Culture. We're starting to get excited for the Golden Globes Opening Theme Song, a string-drenched, sweeping affair that -- be honest
Pont Des Arts' Love Padlocks. The bridge was conceived by Louis-Alexandre de Cessart and Jacques Dillon, who imagined the structure as a suspended garden
The Lost Generation in the Audience. It is our responsibility in the field to continue to push the artform to exciting new levels, and to also offer educational opportunities to the next generation.
The Week In Arts & Culture. Read the hilarious story here. The administrators at Herriman High School received permission from the copyright owners of
Falling in Love With Dance. One of my very first jobs in New York City was working at the box office at The Joyce Theater. Ballet Hispanico performed that season. The company danced Good Night Paradise by Ramon Oller, and I was totally taken away. It swept me off my feet.
Surreal Textbook Illustrations. Lucky for us, he recently contacted 50 Watts to showcase his still-astonishing textbook art, filled with images of floating
High Copper Prices Force Sculptors Into Post-Bronze Age. As poor as he was, Vincent van Gogh didn't use 10 percent less paint on his canvases to save money, and Michelangelo didn't substitute quartz for marble. But the rising price of copper, the main component of bronze, has forced more and more sculptors to economize.
All the World's a Stage for James Latus. The producers of the NBC hit, SMASH should give James Latus a call to learn how it's done.
Alfred Stieglitz's Birthday. Alfred Stieglitz, \Venetian Canal\ (also called \A Bit of Venice\), 1897 Stieglitz was born in Hoboken, New Jersey in 1864
The New Abnormal. Yes, We're Open is filled with many San Francisco-centric jokes that will resonate with hipster haters (\I'm going to a bacon party at an art gallery\). As Luke's hapless friend Brett, H.P. Mendoza gets to wear one the worst neckties ever seen onscreen in the history of cinema.
New Year's Art. Happy New Year! We hope your New Year's Eve was filled with overambitious resolutions, overflowing champagne flutes and an
Test Your Color Matching Skills With This Addictive Web Quiz (QUIZ). Since Pantone's official color for 2013 is emerald, we made a slideshow homage to the classic hue
US Dot Map By Brandon Martin-Anderson Shows The Population Like You've Never Seen It Before (PHOTO). Have you ever felt like a small dot in the vastness of the American terrain? Well if you were on of the 308,450,225 lucky
Black Love. Django Unchained is a film that in spite of, or maybe because of the veracity of its violence, imagines black womanhood\u2122 beyond the superhuman stoic into a paradigm of the pretty.
Zaha Hadid. Adding to the client's expected anger at a structure that will look exactly the same as a privately commissioned one, the
Dramatic Art Finds Of 2012. What's the best deal you got this year? Whatever it was, your score probably doesn't compare to paying $7 for an original
Child Prodigy Recap. As we look back on the year nearly behind us, there's one area that's particularly fun to recap
The Week In Arts & Culture. Emperor Hadrian is believed to have funded \the Athenaeum,\ as it was known at the time; it was a 900-seat complex created
This Past November 24th. As if on cue, Tom asks us all into the sunroom. The chairs blocking the doors are removed. We wonder aloud what marvels await us on the other side.
Beyond Hollywood. Bottom line, if you're not watching films from or about this part of the world, you're not really watching films.
Edward Deeds, Outsider Artist, Leaves Behind Hauntingly Innocent Drawings From Mental Institution (PHOTOS, INTERVIEW). Outside the Lines\ is an ongoing series addressing the prickly genre sometimes referred to as outsider art. \Talisman of
Louise Bourgeois's Birthday. Later in her career, Bourgeois dabbled in teaching, working at institutes like Pratt, Cooper Union, Brooklyn College and
Unholy Jesus Art. Merry Christmas, dear readers! Last year we celebrated the holiday with the ten best depictions of Jesus in art. This time
David Ansen Recalls When AIDS Silenced The Arts. On Wednesday Jan. 6, 1993, the great dancer Rudolf Nureyev died in Paris. The initial, official cause of death was said to
5 Art Trends In 2012. We hate to discuss art trends because it makes art sound like fashion, but, alas, they're real and they happen. Remember
Cultural Influencers Share Their Favorite Personal Photos Of 2012. AS WE LOOKED back on the year, we grew curious \u2014 what would it look like if we rummaged through the cameras of some of today\u2019s
Breaking the Ice. Are we dancers, acrobats, actors, circus artists or stunt people? The answer is yes, all of the above! We believe that in today's world this is what audiences are ready to see, we just don't have the right words to describe it yet.
Theater. Last year I listed 18 shows and this year only 13. Was it a bad year? No, I just didn't make it to London, where any avid theatergoer can see great shows at bargain prices.
Gun Art. Each piece took two to three months to create, according to Lighton's artist statement, with the more complex composite works
Review. The artists presented in Now Dig This! conjoin aesthetic concerns with cultural, ideological and political critique to produce artwork that, on the whole, is affecting and galvanizing. Kellie Jones' corralling of this work into a single exhibition is nothing short of a stroke of genius.
Dorothea Tanning Exhibition Explores 'Unknown but Knowable States' (PHOTOS). Tanning and Ernst enjoyed an art-filled love affair, encircled in surrealist figures including Lee Miller, Yves Tanguy and
Washington, D.C. Unleashes the Christmas Poems. It's the holiday season, when even Washington, D.C. gets a little poetic.  The big, bland federal government sends out an official holiday poem each year. The poem's purpose (here's where the magic ends) is to educate federal employees on the dos and don'ts of accepting holiday gifts.
Math Museum (MoMath) Is First Of Its Kind In North America (PHOTOS). Behold... when art meets math! The museum, or MoMath as the cool kids are calling it, aims to spark curiosity in both kids
The Week In Arts & Culture. Get ready to waste an hour or four, because today we're bringing you the 20 most delicious, innovative and bizarre music
Benjaman Kyle's Million Dot Drawing. See Endara's incredible artwork below and learn more about Benjaman Kyle here. To complicate matters even further, Kyle is
Finding Broadway's Voice on Social Media. For Broadway, it isn't so much about a specific voice -- let's call it the Marketing Mamet Effect -- rather it's a tone that drives social strategy.
Psy's Anti-American Song. Psy topped Justin Bieber to have the most-watched YouTube video of all time for his \Gangnam Style\ visuals, which became
Let's Have a Comedy (I Want to Have a Comedy). My previous history with The Flea Theater's commitment to the various periods and themes of their plays already had me looking forward to Restoration Comedy. I'm happy to say that The Bats and the artistic personnel at The Flea surpassed my high expectations.
Poetry Cleans Up After James Dyson's Criticism. A poetry row in the UK last month led to a victory for verse in the country's public schools when the UK's Department of Education awarded a half million pound grant (about $800,000) to the \Poetry by Heart\ national recitation competition.
Asia Pacific Triennial of Contemporary Art Hits Australia (PHOTOS). APT7 will feature two co-curated projects that address inter-regional diversity head-on -- \0-Now
Art Basel Miami Beach 2012. It's no easy feat getting chosen to participate in the country's biggest art fair. And even if you are accepted into Art
Psy Apology. \I will forever be sorry for any pain I have caused by those words,\ he added. Psy issued the apology after reports surfaced
Sustainable Housing For Sandy Survivors. WK and CDK
Eitaro, Japan's Only Male Geisha, Is Doing It For His Mom (PHOTOS). We first heard about Eitaro from a lengthy picture essay in the Daily Mail that captures him in his role as house master
Matthew Rolston's Ventriloquist Dummies In 'Talking Heads, The Vent Haven Portraits' (PHOTOS). The photographs are compiled in the book \Talking Heads, The Vent Haven Portraits,\ which we predict would catalyze superbly
The Week In Arts & Culture. Art Production Fund teamed up with the hotel to present the project, which beams seven colored lights from the roof toward
The Way We Were. As we commemorate World AIDS Day, it's timely to notice how three recent documentaries about the AIDS crisis have helped to focus attention on the raging epidemic that should never have happened -- a plague that has now claimed more than 35 million lives around the world.
William Burroughs Documentary. AB
\Monsters With Maidens\ Posters Will Make You Appreciate Your Boyfriend (PHOTOS). What do Frankenstein, Dracula and Godzilla have in common? Aside from successful movie careers, they all have love interests
'A Bigger Splash. The playful exhibition takes its name from a 1967 David Hockney painting, in which a perfect suburban pool of cool colors
Must It Always Be a Man's World?. If the past six months proved anything about the battle between the sexes, it was that many men have absolutely no idea how women think or feel. And although show business is often cited as an indicator of cultural progress, sometimes it sends mixed messages.
The Week In Arts & Culture. We did some digging and found 15 instances of artists abusing or at least questionably involving animals in their artwork
The Third Wave. 
What Art Can A Million Dollars Get You? (PHOTOS). Christie's Auction House in New York recently announced the final price tag on its Fall Postwar and Contemporary Art Evening
Artists Vs. Animals. This fall has been a rough month for animals in the art world. First, we found out that British bad boy Damien Hirst killed
Paul Insect's 'Out of Chaos' Brings The British Phenomenon To The US (PHOTOS). Entitled \Out of Chaos,\ the upcoming exhibition at Opera Gallery explodes with colorful mashups of tradition, rupture, violence
Meaningful Music. Influenced by bands like U2, Pearl Jam and Coldplay, Mayday Radio's songs explore issues ranging from capitalism and religion to human rights and global poverty.
What I Learned From Hollywood's 'Guru of Gurus' About Why Stories Matter. Some creative writing teachers can name a handful of successes. With Robert McKee, the list goes on and on.
Pussy Riot Vodka, Part Two. Pussy Riot is the most recent martyr in an extensive history of Russian dissenters. We have created a piece in honor of Pussy Riot -- using satire and pop culture to manufacture the world of Pussy Riot Vodka.
Michal Chelbin's 'Sailboats And Swans' Features Haunting Prisoner Portraits (PHOTOS). The project, which was completed over a six year period, has now been compiled into a monograph by Twin Palms Publishers
Ruslan Khasanov's 'Lumen Type' Brings A Whole New Meaning To Bubble Letters (PHOTOS). The experimental and ephemeral font is far superior to the 90s conception of bubble letters, although reading too many may
Tales From The Autism Spectrum. The power of art and creativity to illuminate the world for others is not simply a cultural benefit, but also a deeply important tool to help the authors themselves navigate their way through their own emotions, experiences and journeys.
Aerial Images Capture the Hindu Color Festival by Katrin Korfmann. See more images in the original designboom article here. 'Kolorit - Yellow' by Katrin Korfmann Katrin Korfmann
Black Friday 2012. For those who dare to perform in the sometimes deadly event that is Black Friday, two skills are required
Gabriel Orozco's 'Asterisms' At The Guggenheim Is An Exquisite Journey Through The Mundane (PHOTOS). When it comes to mundane materials, there is perhaps no artist alive today who can unearth the poetic beauty of found items
Thankful For Tasty New Rock Music!. It's been a terrific month for mining new music. With the holidays around the corner, here are some early suggestions for music very much worth sharing with friends, lovers, bosses, and family.
Gift Guide 2012. The most wonderful time of the year is coming up, and with it all that un-wonderful pressure about finding the perfect gift
Met Opera. Passion, jealousy, vengeance, and regicide returned to the Metropolitan Opera stage Friday night in a revival of La Clemenza di Tito that boasts a fine cast led by a superb Elina Garanca, who captures all the pathos and anguish of thwarted love and betrayed loyalty in Mozart's last opera.
Studio View. 
El Anatsui at the Brodsky Center for Innovative Editions. El Anatsui came to the United States from Nigeria to install his work at The High Line, the Diller Scofidio + Renfro and James Corner-designed park in New York City.
Seapunks, Rihanna, And Other Artists Who Steal (SLIDESHOW). Most outsiders are declaring this an unfair fight, arguing the case from a seapunk point of view. But who's protecting the
Post-Election Prescription. A person moves toward poetry out of need, says Robert Bly, when religious instruction perhaps fails to resonate deeply enough, or when trying to get in touch with one's senses.
What Did the 2012 Election Mean for the D.C. Arts Community?. While local arts organizations only expect a small percentage of their budget to come from government funding, that funding is critical to a healthy and bountiful arts ecosystem.
Five Minutes to Stardom. Thinking of those dreaded auditions, I thought I might share some tales from the trade.\nIt also might encourage those who may feel rejected or that they didn't do so well well, since I still was able to make a great career in spite of myself.
'Morbid Anatomy Anthology'. For more taxidermic wonder, check out the work of UK-based artist Tessa Farmer in the slideshow below. The Kickstarter recently
The Week In Arts & Culture. Movember originally came into being in 2003 when 30 \Mo Bros\ in Melbourne decided to bring awareness to prostate and testicular
Turkey-Lurkey Time. It doesn't have to be a dark and stormy night outside for a critic to wonder if reviewing the evening's performance will be a dark and dirty job. All kinds of questions run through a critic's mind as he sits through a less than thrilling night at the theatre.
Hand Turkey Drawings. So in the spirit of family-friendly festivities, we want to extend the joy of hand turkeys to the pages of The Huffington
The Week In Arts & Culture. With over 30 Obama oil paintings to his name, Keas is perhaps the most prolific Obama artist of all time. We don't know about
'Sleep Song' At Harlem Stage Gatehouse Tells The Unbelievable Stories Of Civilians And Soldiers In Iraq And Afghanistan. Poet-musician Mike Ladd's new piece is called \u201cSleep Song,\ and it joins together an ensemble of Iraqi, French and American
Skyfall. Although some hyperbolic early reviews somehow made this sound like the new Citizen Kane, don't expect something other than a Bond film. But Skyfall is terrific, entertaining proof that Bond can age and thrive in the world of today.
Britain Discovers a New (Yet Very Old) War Poet. Like famed World War I poet Wilfred Owen, Dennis Wilson paints a harsh and unflinching portrayal of war from a soldier's perspective.
Veterans Day. The exhibit is an exploration of the work of more than 280 photographers who operated in 28 separate conflict-torn nations
Change Is the Only Constant. The word zeitgeist frequently gets bandied about in Christopher Chen's new play, The Hundred Flowers Project, which received its world premiere a week before Election Day from the folks at Crowded Fire Theater Company.
Legendary Illustrator Tomi Ungerer Talks 'Far Out Isn't Far Enough,' And Returning To America (INTERVIEW). The Huffington Post
Election 2012. Enough of the cultural silent majority. What's real is that the arts and their peers are well on their way to Armageddon no matter what may take place by a government near you in early 2013.
Why Anyone Who Values the Arts Should Care About This Election. Please don't just vote for someone because of how you think it will affect your wallet -- vote for someone who wants to improve your quality of life on many different levels. Let's encourage Americans to continue innovating in every area that we are capable of -- including the arts.
Arcade Fire's Win Butler Endorses Barack Obama For President. Butler, an American living in Montreal, wrote an essay for novelist Dave Egger's Obama endorsement blog 90 Days, 90 Reasons
Guns Will Be Blazing At Cincinnati Art Museum In Preparation For 'Crown' Exhibit. Let us know what you think of the museum-turned-target-range in the comments section. And scroll down for a slideshow of
A Poem Guaranteed to Make a Huge Impression. Felix Dennis made his fortune in the magazine business, but the British entrepreneur-turned-philanthropist is now determined to make a more permanent mark on the world, quite literally.
Happy Birthday, Mike Kelley! (SLIDESHOW). Throughout his life, Kelley took on the roles of student, critic, curator and artist, fashioning himself as a force to be
Coming to America. While many conservatives whine \I want my country back,\ they forget that America's strength has always been built on the backs of immigrants (like their very own ancestors). People from every corner of the globe have looked to America as \the land of opportunity.\
Diane Gaeta's 'Lolitas' Exhibition Turns Adolescent Girls' Facebook Pictures Into Creepy Works Of Art (PHOTOS). Artist Diane Gaeta got in contact with a Parisian teenager named Heidi via email. Heidi proceeded to send Gaeta Facebook
Happy Birthday, Roy Lichtenstein! (PHOTOS). Check out images from the retrospective below and let us know how you are celebrating the pop fiend's birthday in the comments
The Week In Arts & Culture. Read the rest of Homeboy Sandman's blog post on commercial rap here and join the conversation. Twenty-five thousand years
Deborah Kass On Appropriation, Barbra Streisand, And The Dissolving Middle Class (PHOTOS, INTERVIEW). DK
The Smithsonian Celebrates the Faces of American Poetry. The Smithsonian exhibit is great way to meditate on how American poetry has changed in response to American culture, and how it will continue to change.  As Whitman put it \I tramp a perpetual journey, (come listen all!).\
Steve McQueen At Art Institute Of Chicago. Steve McQueen. Bear, 1993. Photo courtesy of the artist, Marian Goodman Gallery, New York /Paris, and Thomas Dane Gallery
James Rosenquist, Pop Art Legend, On Romney, Multiple Universes, And Young'uns Who 'Don't Know How To Paint' (INTERVIEW) (PHOTOS). Correction
Edward Boccia Dead. Boccia continued his prolific painting career until his death, developing a style referred to as \figurative expressionism
Musings, Music, and Monologues. There I was, trying to find a hook that could unite my thoughts about curious solo turns when I came across a headline on The Huffington Post that screamed
Yves Klein Sponge Relief Expected To Nab $10 Million At Auction (PHOTO). The piece is essentially a large-scale sponge relief soaked in the artist's signature color -- International Klein Blue (IKB
Birds Photographed Like Human Models (SLIDESHOW). But after four months, and many a beak injury, he\u2019d managed to turn even the fiestiest red-tailed hawk into an elegant model
Ramon Bruin's 3D Drawings Jump Off The Page (PHOTOS). The Dutch illustrator is creating realistic 3D renderings of snakes, birds and bridges using a pencil, paper and what we
The Week In Arts & Culture. This week on the Arts & Culture page we learned all about Paul Ryan's package to prosperity and saw what happens when Harvard
'Alan Cumming Snaps!'. When he's not destroying political enemies as Eli Gold on the CBS drama The Good Wife, Alan Cumming practices a different
Tolkien's Take on the Arthurian Legends. It will be interesting to see how Tolkien handles the old legends, and how readers respond to the old form in the hands of such a talented and popular author.
Stirling Prize Winner 2012 Is 'Modest' Sainsbury Laboratory, Not Koolhaas, Not Olympic Stadium (PHOTOS). Not only has Stanton Williams never before won the Prize -- which the past two years has gone to work by architecture hotshot
Ahead Of MoMA Exhibit, Art Collector Claims 'The Scream' Has Nazi History. Already under fire by heirs of Jews whose art was stolen, the Museum of Modern Art plans to display what one man claims is
David Mamet's November at the Mark Taper Forum. David Mamet's political farce November, which ran for six months on Broadway in 2008, gets a crackling revival at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles.
Lost Gustav Mahler Photo Pits Schoenberg Family Against L.A. Resident Cliff Fraser (PHOTO). The Schoenberg family maintains that the likelihood that Arnold voluntarily parted with the photograph, first discovered
'My Little Pony Project' Hester Pop-Up Shop Updates The Retro Toys  (PHOTOS). Don't lie, you had a My Little Pony. You spent hours combing its tail with those pastel plastic brushes and chanting \Friendship
Jason Shawn Alexander's 'SIC' Blends Figurative Painting And Graphic Illustration (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Jason Shawn Alexander's {sic} will show from October 13th through November 26th at 101/exhibit Los Angeles. Alexander will
The Week In Arts & Culture. Damien Hirst refers to 'Verity' as a \modern-day allegory for truth and justice.\ Those who have to look at it, like Northam
Real Men Perform Monologues. Three of the manly monologues performed at the 2012 San Francisco Fringe Festival focused on masculinity issues that folks like Mitt Romney would much prefer to discuss \in quiet rooms\ (if at all).
Halloween Costume Ideas For Art Lovers In 2012. The pressure is rising to secure a good Halloween costume, and The Huffington Post is here to help. Who needs ghosts, witches
'Rube Goldberg Freerunning'. Cartoonist Rube Goldberg was best known for his illustrations of \machines,\ intricate and over-engineered contraptions designed
Esprit de Corpse. Every body needs a buddy. That buddy may come in the form of a coroner who is totally dedicated to his work or a mortician who loves the smell of formaldehyde.
Big Bird in Romney's Sights and the National Endowment for the Arts Is Next. Governor Romney may call himself a Republican, but he is not a Republican of the iconic stature of President Reagan. President Reagan fully understood the importance of the arts to the formation of the nation's character.
On 'Cats' 30th Anniversary, A Brief History (SLIDESHOW). Today marks the 30th anniversary of Cats' Broadway premiere. Based on the whimsical poems of T.S. Eliot\u2019s \u201cOld Possum\u2019s Book
Dale Chihuly As A Young Man. Dale Chihuly, Traveling in Turkey, 1963 It's glassblowing tour de force Dale Chihuly at the ripe age of 22. This photograph
The Week In Arts & Culture. Ever wonder what happens when you combine firearm expertise, underwater experimentation and precious stone collecting? We'd
Beth Frey, Etsy Artist, Offers Customers The Thrill Of Fame With 'You, Warhol, Unicorn' (PHOTO). If you're still not sure if Frey's work is for you, read the artist's own description below to see if you're meant to ride
Grace on Broadway. The play Grace takes stylistic liberties, showing the end at the beginning, and playing scenes in reverse, almost cinematically, so that the actor Paul Rudd walks backwards trying desperately to return to pre-cataclysmic grace.
Happy Anniversary, 'The Jazz Singer'! (SLIDESHOW). Blackface, as we know, did not end with \The Jazz Singer.\ The contested makeup method had a life before the 1927 film as
Breaking Up Is Hard to Do. 
'Young Mona'? Doubts Grow as Experts Hostile, Evasive or Say 'Misrepresented'. Last week, a version of the Mona Lisa, that had languished unseen in a Swiss bank vault for nearly half-a-century, was unveiled with all the razzamatazz of a new Ferrari.
The Week In Arts & Culture. This week things got hot and heavy on the Arts & Culture page as people were peeved about \Piss Christ,\ perfected their
Exclusive Interview With Yo Yo Ma on the Spirituality of Music. Tonight in Chapel Hill, N.C., Yo Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble will give the world premiere of Dmitry Janov-Janovsky's hour-long Stravinsky fantasy called Sacred Signs at the University of North Carolina.
Happy Birthday, Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio! (PHOTOS). In honor of Caravaggio's birthday, we've put together a slideshow of his best works. Check out the images below and let us
'La Boheme' At Philadelphia Opera Uses High-Tech Van Goghs And Renoirs (PHOTOS). Throughout the performance, Van Goghs, Renoirs, Manets, and more will be projected in high resolution on the set's backdrop
Chris Roberts-Antieau's 'Fabric Paintings' Are Bright, Ingenious, And Downright Kalman-esque (PHOTOS). The color and humor of Chris Roberts-Antieau's childlike fabric paintings may remind you of the brilliant Maira Kalman. Writing
Four Poems for Autumn. Here are poems by William Shakespeare, Robert Frost, William Blake and Carl Sandburg that explore what the fall can teach us about our humanity.
The Week In Arts & Culture. Chihuly's work may not say much, but it sparks an exciting conversation about what constitutes a work of art in terms of
Interview with the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Limor Tomer. Today I am sharing with you an interview with the general manager of concerts and lectures at the Met.
Kim Jong-Un's Goes 'Gangnam Style' In New North Korean Psy Parody Song From 'Key Of Awesome' (VIDEO). Oppa Kim Jong Style! Are you ready for this? In the latest Psy parody video, we see a faux version of North Korea's young
Artist Amy Stein Captures Stunning Photos Of Animals Out Of The Wild In Her Series 'Domesticated' (PHOTOS). In an e-mail to The Huffington Post, Stein described her series as follows
'Ferdinand Hodler. The extensive exhibition will cover Hodler's most influential pieces along with 45 photographs of the artist, many of which
Lady Gaga, FAME and The Age of Aquarius. Scaaaary Move!!\ Lindsay Lohan was tempted, but then refused to have her photo taken for Heide Hatry's \Schrodinger's Cat
The Week In Arts & Culture. This week in the Arts & Culture world we oozed jealousy over whoever found a flea market Renoir, got all squeaky about the
Some Mistakes Are Built to Last. George Michael's body of work may ascend to the heavens but our unforgiving memory will always make sure he is associated with that which we deemed regrettable. If some mistakes are built to last, we must also believe that some mistakes are built to dissolve.
A Poetry App Worth a Look (and a Listen). True to Hart's vision, readers can study all of the app's offerings quietly, or can call on the voice of a skilled reader. The app features a star-studded lineup, including Ralph Fiennes, Jeremy Irons, former James Bond actor Roger Moore and playwright Harold Pinter.
Top Ten Tips for Art Gallery Hopping. t can be intimidating if this is your first time to an art opening or art fair; but, despite some quirky old misconception that has hung around for way too long, art is not just for the rich or privileged. Art is for everyone. It's practically one of the Ten Commandments.
Happy Birthday, Jean Arp! (PHOTOS). Today is the birthday of French avante-garde artist Jean Arp. The sculptor and painter, who when speaking in German referred
Musical Hijinks at the 2012 San Francisco Fringe Festival. Each year's San Francisco Fringe Festival is bound to contain a few surprises. Legacy of the Tiger Mother is an intriguing one-act musical by Angela Chan and Michael Manley that isn't afraid to grab a tiger mother by the tail and whirl her around in the air.
Louise Fishman On Fifty Years Of Fitting In While Sticking Out (INTERVIEW, PHOTOS). Fifty years of Fishman's work is showing at the Woodmere Museum in Philadelphia this October. She will show alongside two
Daniel Edlen, Vinyl Artist, On The One LP He Wouldn't Paint (SLIDESHOW). As a teenager with a lot of time and records, I combined my love of music with a couple high school art projects. My teacher
Joo Heng Tan's Sand Sculptures Take 24 Hours To Complete (SLIDESHOW). For some of Tan's work, click through the images below. If you like what you see, head to his site \Sandworkz\ for more. In
Alex Katz Celebrates 85th Birthday At Essl Museum With Largest Ever Austria Exhibition (PHOTOS). Born in Brooklyn in 1927, Katz attended the Cooper Union art school in the late 1940s. When Jackson Pollock and his splatter
Poems About (Skipping) School. The end of summer in America brings with it two absolutes
Papermoon Puppet Theater Portrays Indonesia's Darker History (INTERVIEW). Papermoon's performances reveal intimate moments of Indonesia's past, but the company maintains that a discussion of politically
The Week In Arts & Culture. Artist Shepard Fairey was sentenced to two years probation in a U.S. District Court in Manhattan Friday. We know there are
It's Payday For The Winners Of Damien Hirst's Spot Challenge (PHOTOS). By our math, a New York-London-Paris-Rome-Athens-Geneva-Hong Kong-New York bender costs a cool $3,799. (You could swing it
A Dance Performance Choreographed In Your Own Home. \This Town is a Mystery\ runs as part of the 2012 Philadelphia Live Arts Festival from September 7 through September 22. Find
Wolfe von Lenkiewicz Goes Mad Scientist On Hieronymus Bosch's 'Garden of Earthly Delights' (PHOTOS). Lenkiewicz mirrors the style of Renaissance old masters, with a devoted craftsmanship that makes every jeweled speck of paint
Kathryn E. Delmez on Carrie Mae Weems at the Frist. I would be hard pressed to think of anyone in the visual arts who has done more to make public the centuries old discrimination of race and gender, the oppressive effects of power, the intricacies of domesticity and our general sense of place as human beings than Carrie Mae Weems.
The Week In Arts & Culture. If Mitt Romney has his way in November, the checkmate crowd would see their program eliminated altogether. Doodles have since
Artists Who Were Late Bloomers. More often than not, our cultural heroes are barely of drinking age when they make their mark
Two in the Memory. The specific positioning towards the topic of memory in Bird in the Hand is my favorite thing about the play. In this piece, memory is something that self-consciously interacts with imagination and mental self-preservation.
Russian Christians Overrun Museum Of Erotic Art In Moscow. Footage of the Orthodox activists at the aMuseum of Erotic Art. The stunt's organizer, Dmitry Enteo, told RIA Novosti that
Inside Temp, Alex Ahn's And Ari Lipkis' Gallery For Post-Millennials (INTERVIEW). NYU grads Alex Ahn and Ari Lipkis are testing that premise in Tribeca with the opening of Temp, a gallery for their peers
The Great Communicator. Leonard Bernstein's legacy is more vital than ever in a time when the arts face a threat greater than a lack of public funding
The Women Who Haunt Us. From the sirens of the silver screen to the fierce feminists who helped change the world, many a proud woman has left her mark on civilization.
The Week In Arts & Culture. For his \u201cRedhead Girl,\u201d based on the photograph by Russian photographer Kristina Taraina, he used seven different colored
A Re-imagined Ancient Mariner Calls for Change. Michael Bloor, a professor at Cardiff University's Seafarers International Research Centre, has spent twelve years uncovering the harsh and unjust working conditions faced by an often overlooked group
Theater. You can't really dislike a show that warms up the audience with the second half of Bruce Springsteen's Born To Run album and there is care and craft on display. When Harlan grapples with characters as deftly as he handles concepts, it will be worth checking out.
Happy Birthday, Dorothea Tanning! (PHOTOS). Though the artist focused more heavily on her poetry at the end of her life, her impact on the Surrealist movement was never
Tim Tadder's Photo Series \Water Wigs\ Captures Beautiful Intersection Of Baldness And Water Balloons (PHOTOS). TT
The Circus of Life. Time flies when you're having fun. It's hard to believe that half a century has passed since A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum debuted at the Alvin Theatre on May 8, 1962.
The Week In Arts & Culture. Albinism is a hereditary condition resulting in the absence of pigment in hair, skin and eyes, which can lead to serious
Animal Collective's New Album 'Centipede HZ' Will Premiere And Stream Tonight On Animal Collective Radio (WATCH). Tonight at 9 PM eastern, the psychedelic indie-band Animal Collective, in association with The Creators Project and Domino
'Jean-Michel Othoniel. The French artist, who is only 48 years old, is housing a retrospective at the Brooklyn Museum of Art, featuring his beaded
Matthias D\u00fcwel's 'Eden' Comes To Martha Otero Gallery (PHOTOS). Matthias D\u00fcwel's \Eden\ presents a plastic-coated world, constantly shifting and proliferating itself. A never-ending roller
Pussy Riot in Edinburgh. The Edinburgh Fringe Festival held an event in solidarity with the Pussy Riot artists yesterday. About 35 people attended. About 10 took part in the direct organization and performance. Was it significant?
Christophe Honore Discusses His New Film, Beloved, Starring Catherine Deneuve (INTERVIEW, PHOTOS). Unfortunately not. I wasn\u2019t in a school. When I arrived in Paris, I didn\u2019t know anybody. I was lucky because I sent a letter
'The Art Underground'. 00:54 - New York in Transit, 2001 by Jacob Lawrence (Times Square Station) 00:15 - Empress Voyage 2.22.1794, 1998 by Bing
Production Designer Paul Smithyman On NYC's First Serial Killer Gallery Exhibit 'Killers. Photo by Joshua Hoffine Each year brings a new iteration of Nightmare with a new theme, this year focusing on the most gruesome
Poetry and the Bottom Line. Does poetry have something to teach the business world?  Simon Bainbridge, a literature professor at Lancaster University, believes it does.
The Week In Art & Culture. In her 1988 memoir, \Famous For 15 Minutes
Can She Sing? Big Maybelle. The woods are dark and deep, and rife with loss, chance encounter, menace and mischief in the revival of Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine's musical Into the Woods, well staged amidst the foliage at Central Park's Delacorte Theater.
Bay Area Local Arts Tie-Ins. Much of the evening's success is due to Wilma Bonet's performance as Vieja. Short, squat, and filled with foreboding, the emotional and dramatic power of Bonet's nurse make the self-satisfied machismo of Creon and Jason seem downright puny.
Cheech Marin Gets High on Chicano Art, Ya'll (VIDEO). I had the opportunity to film Cheech Marin in his Pacific Palisades home and show the world his infamous art collection. Sometimes warm, sometimes cynical, and sometimes profound, I found Marin's passion for the artists he champions as real and sincere.
Quay Brothers 'On Deciphering the Pharmacist's Prescription' Debuts At MoMA (PHOTOS). \On Deciphering the Pharmacist's Prescription for Lip-Reading Puppets\ is on view from August 12, 2012\u2013January 7, 2013 at
Words and Not Enough Words and Words Don't Say Enough. There are words and not enough words about the outbursts of violence in Wisconsin and Colorado. In the artistic realm, many of us strive to carve out, or even go as squatters into, a place where the search for meaning uses other resources than words.
The Gang's All Here. Friday was the opening of Beach Life, the new exhibition at Guild Hall, and Guild Hall's annual summer gala under a tent at nearby Gardiner's Farm.
Marina Abramovic Makes 'Girls' Star Jemima Kirk Cry During 'The Artist Is Present' At MoMA (PHOTOS). Jemima Kirke has had, by all accounts, an awesome year. She plays dreamy bohemian Jessa on Lena Dunham's hit show \Girls
Marilyn Monroe Supercut Video By Scott Blake On The Anniversary Of Her Death (VIDEO). Do you remember the moment Marilyn Monroe walked into your life? To refresh your memory, we are providing you with a supercut
The Week in Art. \[I] wanted to push the sort blank graphic style of text artists like Lawrence Weiner and see if I could make it a vehicle
Can You Hear Me Now?. During the 30-year period from 1970 to 2000, the wall between contemporary opera and musical theater was pretty thoroughly demolished.
Colorful Camouflage. We came across Jean Paul Bourdier's work over at Designboom and couldn't help but be in awe of his 'Bodyscapes' project, which
Zacron Dead. Zacron, the visual artist known for his iconic album cover for Led Zeppelin's seminal 1970 album \III,\ has passed away after
Guilty Pleasures. Has YouTube become the new porn?
The Week In Art. Speaking of heroes... PBS released a gem of a video remixing the late and great Bob Ross and his \Joy of Painting\ instructional
Lily Simonson's 'Wet And Wild' Insect Soap Operas Hit CB1 Gallery (PHOTOS). Weaving art and science Simonson shows the strange beauty of a bug's biology. She depicts physical makeups so bizarre they
D-L Alvarez's 'MATRIX 243' Brings Granulated Horror To Berkeley Art Museum (PHOTOS). The second series of the exhibition is called \Something To Cry About (I and II)\ and features patchwork bodysuits draped
Matjames Metson's \Method Attic\. 
London's Mayor Gets to the Greek. How good was London Mayor Boris Johnson's recitation of a poem at the Olympic Gala this past Monday? And he did it speaking ancient Greek, no less.
Happy 125th Birthday Marcel Duchamp! (PHOTOS). In the few years following, Duchamp dabbled in musical compositions, art-science experiments and kinetic studies, and continued
Underwater Photography Exhibit By Andreas Frank Debuts On Sunken Ship (PHOTOS). Check out footage from the exhibition and see the images themselves in the slideshow below. To show his exhibition, dubbed
Luzinterruptus Exchanges Plastic Bags For Museum Tickets For 'Plastic Garbage Guarding The Museum' (PHOTOS). The work was installed outside the Gewerbemuseum Winterthur in Switzerland. After collecting around 5,000 plastic bags, the
Telling Harrowing Tales About Child Abuse. Black N Blue Boys/Broken Men is a deeply disturbing and powerful one-woman show written and performed by Dael Orlandersmith.
Happy Birthday, Edward Hopper! (PHOTOS). So don't forget to raise your glass to Edward Hopper's Birthday today! And check out the slideshow below of some of the artist's
Martin Roemers' 'The Eyes Of War' Provides Striking Photographs Of Those Blinded In World War II (PHOTOS). Photographer Martin Roemers captured black-and-white portraits of 40 survivors of World War II for his series \The Eyes of
'The Architecture Alphabet' By Designer Stephen Wildish Supports '99% Invisible' (PHOTO). We had a lot of fun with \Project Twin's\ A-Z guide to unusual words, the alternate alphabet that illustrated the meaning
The Mosaic Man Jim Power Restores His Legendary Mosaic Trail In Manhattan's East Village (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Jim Power has been beautifying lamp posts and storefronts in the East Village since 1985. Three years later, the Village
William Trost Richards Painting 'Adirondack Landscape' Donated To Adirondack Museum (PHOTO). The moment we saw this image we had to hold ourselves back from hopping on the next flight to the Adirondacks, mostly because
Viewing Life Through New Lenses. Imagine a documentary in which the natural beauty of a film that might have been created for the National Geographic Channel is combined with the subversive anti-gravitational thrill of a carnival ride. Then fasten your seatbelt and enjoy \u00a1Vivan las Antipodas!.
A Stage for One. In some of my experiences, galleries have found it challenging to accommodate artists who work in a D-I-Y aesthetic or believe there is no need to provide certain technical requirements, just because... it's D-I-Y.
Happy Birthday Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn! (PHOTOS). Rembrandt's artistic career was so prolific it is nearly impossible to attribute a distinct style or subject to his work
Are We Teaching Artists to Fail*?. I wish more programs on the business of art would include more expanded ways of thinking in their offerings. Failure or success is never final.
Truth, Beauty & Desire in Vienna (Klimt's Drawings at the Getty). The Getty exhibition \Gustav Klimt
Happy 150th Birthday Gustav Klimt! (PHOTOS). Today is the 150th anniversary of the birth of Austrian symbolist painter, Gustav Klimt, known best as the creator of the
The Chicago Tour Diary. 
What a Piece of Work Is Man. While each has its unique moments of despair, a ribald sense of optimism courses through each filmmaking effort. It's too bad these films have such limited potential for distribution. My hope is that each finds a wider audience.
Jenny Saville At Modern Art Oxford. One thing that remains consistent throughout Saville's work is skin, skin and more skin. Yet a glimpse into Saville's world
Happy Birthday Marc Chagall!. Chagall's dynamic career included theater sets, stained glass, Biblical interpretations and so much more. Yet he remained
The Week In Art. The AP tells us
French Photographer Leo Caillard Captures South Beach's Vibrant \Miami Houses\ (PHOTOS). Alas, the volatile southeastern weather patterns were not kind to Lane's original designs, and many of the first towers were
Fourth. Today is the Fourth of July and I am thinking about war.  There will be barbeques.  There will be parades.  There will be fireworks.  But I am a military wife, and today is the Fourth of July, and I am thinking about war.
Living Life on Their Own Terms. Most people recall the phrase \life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness\ as they celebrate Independence Day. Some, however, think of what individual freedom means when it comes to defying the expectations of others.
Kyrgyz Artist Aida Sulova Confronts Waste Problem in Bishkek (PHOTOS). The waste management dilemma in Kyrgyzstan has been an ongoing problem for the post-Soviet country, and the Bishkek municipal
Only in America. 
15 Iconic American Images In Celebration of the Fourth of July (SLIDESHOW). In honor of the 4th of July, we've put together a slideshow of the some of the most iconic images of American art. From Norman
Sing For Your Supper. What happens to children who have figured out that nothing can stop them from making music for the sheer fun of it? In 2001, a group of Swedish musicians produced a deliciously droll short film entitled Music For One Apartment and Six Drummers.
Haiku Reviews. HuffPost Arts' Haiku Reviews is a monthly feature where invited critics review exhibitions and performances in short form
The Week In Art. FlippyCat, also known as \Van Dominogh,\ recreated Van Gogh's \The Starry Night,\ after 11 hours and a whopping 7,067 dominoes
'Alighiero Boetti. Boetti's sense of tempo and articulation seemed to dance with his tongue-in-cheek challenge to the viewer to mentally interpret for themselves what is meant and what is not intended to have meaning.
Lucian Freud's 'Naked Truths' Documentary Premiers In Conjunction With 'Portraits' Exhibition At The Modern Art Museum Of Fort Worth (PHOTOS). With paintings that are the anti-photoshop, Freud captured the true, frustrating, stimulating and often repulsive experience
Theater and the University. If the relationship between the not-for-profit theater and the university may have sometimes been a scene of marital strife, the extension of non-profits into the commercial theater is a serious misalliance that may lead to a divorce between the professional theater and the university.
Gonif With the Wind. If there is one drawback to Annenberg's film it's that viewers may be torn between trying to read the rapidly changing subtitles while listening to people speaking conversational Yiddish onscreen for the first time in decades.
'Ends Of The Earth' Brings Land Art To MoCA (PHOTOS). It is no easy feat to fill a gallery or museum with massive, ephemeral works, all spread around the world. Yet Land Art always
LUMEN Festival Transforms 150,000 Tons Of Salt Into Surreal Playground (PHOTOS). Brambilla will show his renowned \Sea of Tranquility,\ shown above, a time lapse of the first U.S. moon landing depicting
The Week In Art. In Maes' works, he uses intensely saturated colors and large-scale prints that draw out the still-present grandeur of the
Sharon Hayes Performance 'There's So Much I Want To Say To You' At The Whitney Museum Of American Art (PHOTOS). Yes, I think so. I can also answer it more complexly to say the two political conditions I\u2019m most deeply informed by as a
Happy Birthday, M.C. Escher! (PHOTOS). Photo
Father's Day. Happy Father's Day to all of fathers who help your children to go on struggling to do their best. There is reason for this faith, but reason alone doesn't quite justify it. There is a gap. Love fills the gap.
Don't Let Go of Your Dream. 
The Australian Ballet's Infinity at the Koch Theater. Maybe TAB's dancers just needed to forget for a moment that they were ballet dancers, subject to ballet's oppressive standards -- because it was when they put on face paint and body paint, loincloths and headdresses, that they looked most like a world-class ballet company.
To Die For. You heard it here first
Primary Sources,The Studio Museum's Annual Artists in Residence Exhibition. For all three 2011 - 2012 Artists in Residence -- Njideka Akunyili, Meleko Mokgosi and Xaviera Simmons -- Primary Sources is a big moment; it's a send-off show, concluding their residencies at the museum.
The Art Of Fatherhood. HuffPost Arts would like to officially thank all the Dads out there for all of their hard work, generosity and insight. We
David Bizer's Waveform Necklaces Using Audio Samples (PHOTOS). If you are interested in donning one of these interesting pieces, Bizer has laid out some useful tips for picking the perfect
The Week In Art. Well, that was our week. Let us know your favorite moments. Have a wonderful and relaxing weekend, readers! Montreal-based
International Festival Of Arts And Ideas Kicks Off In New Haven (PHOTOS). The two week festival was founded in 1996, differentiating itself from the other established art fairs with its interdisciplinary
David Hockney's 'A Bigger Picture' Spends Summer At Guggenheim Bilbao (PHOTOS). Since 1960 David Hockney has charmed the world with his Pop-primitivist paintings, which, never taking themselves too seriously
Talented Newbies. No one expects a teenager to suddenly be hailed as the next Mozart or Martin Scorsese. But, as three films screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival clearly demonstrate, an impressive new generation of filmmakers is starting to deliver some very exciting work.
Happy Birthday, Gustave Courbet! (PHOTOS, NSFW). Continuing to punctuate his talent with a bit of naughtiness, Courbet turned towards sexuality to rumple the feathers of
A Bakhshi in Central Asia. Can it withstand the lure and easy listening of the pop music one hears all over Uzbekistan? Will another generation find meaning, wisdom and strength in its messages? Time will tell.
The Week In Art. Marc Quinn, Self Marc Quinn is perhaps not surprisingly a member of the controversial team of Young British Artists, alongside
Brilliant After Breakfast On Their Tech-Savvy Museum Hijacking (PHOTOS, VIDEO, INTERVIEW). HP
Fishing Expeditions. From ancient tales of the lost city of Atlantis to Jules Verne's 1870 classic, 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea, life under the sea has been a never-ending source of fear and fantasy.
Michael Knight's 'Wayward' Opens At Luis De Jesus Gallery (PHOTOS). Brushtop, Michael Knight \Wayward\ will show at Luis De Jesus Gallery in Los Angeles from June 2 to July 14. The tiny paintings
The Week In Art. This week we heard the heartwarming story behind a Beastie Boys fan's tribute to Adam Yauch, with a little help from Shepard
Stage Door. One of the more provocative forums of engagement is theater. We've come a long way from enforced segregation, but as Clybourne Park ruefully notes, we have yet to realize Martin Luther King's dream of a color-blind society.
Russian Street Artist Nikita Nomerz' 'Living Faces' (PHOTOS). Nomerz' industrial makeovers go beyond the typical street art creations. Instead of merely using the buildings as a canvas
Art and Money. The numbers are in. The prices of blue-chip art are bigger than they have ever been at a time when whole countries have contemplated fiscal bankruptcy and currency devaluation. Fine art is a art is a global currency less volatile than the euro, dollar or drachma... or Facebook stock.
A Landscape of Irrational Exuberance. 
\I've Never Seen Anything Like It\. When Fernando Botero had his first solo exhibition, in 1951 at the small Leo Matiz Gallery, in Bogot\u00e1, his work was so heterogeneous
Julian Hibbard's 'Tales of an Unknown Aviator' Fighter Plane Series (PHOTOS). Other references for Demetrious would be the images of Louviere and Vanessa and Loretta Lux's work. What artist or artwork
Lana Shuttleworth's 'Ethnomorphic Landscapes' At George Billis Gallery (PHOTOS). How much attention have you given to safety cones? Aside from swerving to avoid them, or fleeing the scene if you did... have
Farewell to Cannes. His film was premiering in Cannes, the Mount Olympus of film festivals. In a way, he had already won. And so had the rest of us.
Two Young Playwrights Show Great Promise. If any theater company's artistic director is looking to produce an evening of white-knuckle drama with a small cast, I can't recommend Sam Leichter's trilogy of short plays strongly enough. His writing is exquisite, his plotting meticulous, and his characters are unforgettable.
Happy Birthday Dorothea Lange (PHOTOS). doroth Lange was married to an economist, and when the Depression era began the two began interviewing and researching exploited
The Week In Art. In \Finding Francesca Woodman,\ Jillian Steinhauer writes about the morbid fascination with the young photographer's suicide
Allison Schulnik's \Salty Air\ Brings Mermaids And Scallywags To Mark Moore Gallery (PHOTOS). Yet most frightening of all may be Ariel herself, who is given legs by an evil queen in exchange for her tongue. Some of
Lesley Dill's 'Faith & the Devil' Comes To George Adams Gallery (PHOTOS). The mission of Lesley Dill's 'Faith & the Devil' could not be any more ambitious
Don't Miss FWD. 
The Week In Art. Lastly, we enjoyed Ryan Enn Hughes animated GIFs of people jumping around with sparklers. Sometimes art doesn't have to be
Ofri Cnaani's 'Special Effects' At Andrea Meislin Gallery (PHOTOS). \Magic on Hold,\ is a sculptural installation which explores the mechanics of trickery. Moviemakers act as projection devices
Fusebox. This podcast features writer Robert Faires (photo credit
Sufi Pop Rocks the Asia Society (VIDEO). Arif Lohar brought his electrified Sufi music to the Asia Society and pretty much tore the place apart.  Lohar wooed the audience, and the audience responded in spades.
'Roger Ballen Photographs 1969 \u2013 2009' At Marta Herford Gallery (PHOTOS). A collection of Roger Ballen's work from 1969 \u2013 2009 will show at Marta Herford in Herford, Germany is on display until June
Fighting Back Against the Bullies. Despite the tendency of many Americans to think that the whole world revolves around them, the phenomenon of bullying takes place in any society where power games lead to one person attempting to dominate another.
Kehinde Wiley On 'Economy Of Grace,' His First Exhibition Featuring Women (PHOTOS). KW
Innovative Educational Program 'Hi Art!' Immerses Little Kids In High Art (PHOTOS). Bellen-Berth\u00e9z\u00e8ne sat the kids down to continue watching Rimsky's \Sadko,\ an opera they would watch and interact with over
Dana Schutz's 'Piano In The Rain' Debuts At Friedrich Petzel Gallery (PHOTOS). \Piano in the Rain\ imbues bizarre scenarios with a personal intimacy. One character looks both like a monster and an over
The Art Of Motherhood. HuffPost Arts would like to officially thank moms everywhere for their countless gifts of strength and inspiration. What
Artist Mother Artist Son. Here's another big thing about her
Skywalking Russians Take Amazing Photos (PHOTOS). Correction
The Week In Art. While not the most comforting aspect of the exhibition, Andres Serrano's morgue portraits will definitely grab your attention
Jennie Ottinger's 'What To Do With Your Orphan. HP
Cinco de Mayo. Artisphere is the first and only venue in the United States to present Frida Kahlo
Stage Door. There is a difference between an apparition and the real thing -- and the same can be said of a Broadway show. It can be rendered cinematically, as in Ghost, The Musical, thereby becoming a musical that thinks it's a movie.
D.I.Y Urbanism. The project is open ended, but the 43 square kilometer site is anticipated to include 15,000 dwellings, provide 26,000 jobs
Mitchell Johnson. The Italian colors, the clay earth, the buildings, the vast quilts of man-made fields really overwhelmed me. I was clueless as to how to make the shiny saturated colors coming out of my tubes comment on the experiences I was having discovering a new world.
The Week In Art. Most often artwork made with a cardboard box is referred to as a diorama and is made by a third grader, but sometimes the
Fumi Nakamura's 'Our Hands Will Eventually Destroy Everything Beautiful' (PHOTOS). Fumi Nakamura's drawings contain all of the elements of a fairytale except the narrative flow itself. The drawings invoke
MOST at Salone del Mobile, by Tom Dixon (VIDEO). Tom Dixon, now almost a veteran at the most anticipated design fair of the year -- Salone del Mobile -- managed to transform The Museum for Science and Technology into an ambitious environment for innovation and culture, MOST.
HuffPost Arts Interviews 'Bel Borba' Filmmakers Burt Sun and Andre Costantini (VIDEO). BS
Valerie Hegarty's 'Altered States' At Marlborough Gallery Makes Deterioration Look Good (PHOTOS). Somehow both patriotism and horror are palpable in Valerie Hegarty's works, which she mutilates and brings to new life in
'Gender in Izolyatsia' Explores Identity In Ukraine (PHOTOS, NSFW). We recently featured the work of JeongMee Yoon, who explored gender norms as manifested through various children's color
The Magic of Mamma Mia!. I took in the experience and something occurred to me. I looked around at the packed theater and wondered how Mamma Mia! could still draw such a huge crowd after \100\ years?
Stage Door. One Man, Two Guvnors is simply the funniest play on Broadway. From its stupendously silly one-liners to its outrageously silly plot, the show is a triumph of slapstick and satire. End of the Rainbowis also a tour de force.
The Week In Art. In one of the most extraordinary new music documentaries to come in recent memory, Academy Award-winning director Kevin Macdonald
Brandon Balleng\u00e9e's 'Collapse. Do you think art can effectively raise awareness for environmental causes? What is an issue you care about? Let us know in
\Archizines + Arch-Art! Books\ Comes To Storefront For Art And Architecture (PHOTOS). The double exhibition \Archizines + Arch-Art! Books\ will show that even if print is not the norm, its importance and influence
Katharina Wulff's Whimsical Mysteries Hit San Francisco Museum Of Modern Art (PHOTOS). Berlin-born Wulff now lives and works in Morocco, weaving the winding streets of Marrakech into her ghostly pieces. Her latest
Week In Art. Artist Nina Katchadourian has a creative way of passing the time on a long-haul flights
Meet Contemporary Art's \Bad Girls Of 2012\ (PHOTOS). Narcissister, \I'm Every Woman\ video still. Spaces such as Artists Space, A.I.R, and Franklin Furnace have influenced me
Charlotta Westergren's Stunning Exhibition 'Survival, Evasion, Resistance, Escape' (PHOTOS). The other paintings depict Biblical animals with the precision reminiscent of traditional Flemish masters. Isolated, vulnerable
Nari Ward's 'Liberty and Orders' At Lehmann Maupin (PHOTOS). View a slideshow of his work below, and let us know your thoughts in the comments section. I usually see something, which
6000 Miles Away -- Or, A Love Letter To Sylvie Guillem. 
The Week In Art. What art stood out to you this week? Let us know in the comments section. Happy weekending, everyone! This week at HuffPost
Jonathan Schipper's Slow Motion Car Crash Art Installation (VIDEO). For today's edition of things you would not expect to see in an art gallery
Stage Door. A trio of loopy, but gifted magicians perform a unique blend of magic and mayhem. Now at St. Ann's Warehouse in Brooklyn's DUMBO neighborhood. Or as they call it
\Faux Real\ Exhibition Displays Prolific Forger's Work On April Fools' Day (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Do you think this exhibition is in good taste? Let us know what you think! Aaron Cowan, the director of galleries for the
The 10 Best Art Pranks In History (PHOTOS). Ever since Marcel Duchamp hung a toilet bowl in a museum gallery, the overlap between artists and pranksters cannot be denied
What Does Trayvon's Shooting Mean for Architects and Urbanists?. With the death of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida, the worlds of architecture and urbanism cannot afford to hear no evil/see no evil this time.
The Week In Art. In \Mid-Century Ads
Haiku Reviews. HuffPost Arts' Haiku Reviews is a monthly feature where invited critics review exhibitions and performances in short form
Wang Jun, Artist, Spends One Month On A Scale To Lose Weight. With his weight permanently displayed on the monitor, a web-cam will live-stream his project online where he will interact
Happy 45th Birthday, Matthew Barney!. Barney was born in San Francisco, but soon moved to Idaho until his parents divorced, allowing the young artist to spend
\Voices Of Light\ Channels Joan Of Arc At Berkeley's Zellerbach Hall (PHOTOS). The New York Times said the film \takes precedence over anything that has so far been produced. It makes worthy pictures
Dario Escobar Makes Objects Go Pop. In Latin America, it is hard to avoid the distinction of being controversial or politically-charged as Escobar found out
Week In Art. The AP reports
Behind The Curtain. See a slideshow of the work below, and let us know what you think in the comments section. The exhibition will run until
Getting to Know Gregor Piatigorsky. It was yet another high point of the Gregor Piatigorsky International Cello Festival
The Week In Art. Well, that was our week. How was yours? Hello again readers! We had an action-packed week, filled with office supplies, ghost
March 2012 L.A. Art Reviews. I went out with a camera and avoided any copyright infractions by running outside onto public property to discuss the work
Stage Door. Events change, stars come and go. We live in a world littered with pompous plutocrats, but the nuttier, inexplicable aspects of pop culture and star power, remain. That's good news for the sassy, high-energy Newsical, which could run for years.
\Thank You, Slamdance\. The mix of material ensures that whether or not you get all 15 or so of the clever allusions included in a three-minute piece or none of them at all, you will still laugh your head off.
The Week In Art. When parents around the world started getting Facebook, kids everywhere started panicking. Who wants mom seeing your \zomg
'Hijacked III' Bridges The Gap Between UK And Australian Photography. Petrina Hicks, Emily the Strange, 2011, Lightjet print, 100 x 98cm, Edition of 8 + 1AP, Courtesy of the artist and Stills
Brendan Monroe's 'Observations Of Light and Matter' At Cooper Cole Gallery. The flowing forms and ambiguous movement of Monroe's work has the capacity to satisfy the most aloof daydreamer and the hard
Victor Enrich's Surreal City Portraits (PHOTOS). In Enrich's world, buildings zip open down the center, stick out their tongues, bend like accordions... yet each magical
Oliver Vernon 'Tilts' Our Perceptions At David B. Smith GallerY. Oliver Vernon, Past Present Future, 2010-2012, Acrylic on canvas, 66 x 84 in. (167.6 x 213.4 cm) Vernon goes beyond mere
\Glasstress New York. In the past many artists have explored the limits of this natural (and affordable!) gem, yet its contemporary presence was
The Week In Art. As if alcohol didn't already offer so much to love... Researcher Michael Davidson found if you put it under a microscope
Theater Critic Howard Kissel Dies At 69. Kissel was a prolific blogger for The Huffington Post; his last essay, \How I Spent My Summer Vacation,\ was posted a mere
Happy Birthday, Renoir!. Today marks the 170th birthday of Pierre-Auguste Renoir. The French artist with a keen eye for feminine beauty did not come
The Week In Art. What a week it's been here at HuffPost Arts! We saw incredible art from all different part of the world, from amateur Instagrammarians
Mandy Barker's Psychedelic Soup Has Eco-Friendly Message (PHOTOS). \Soup\ is a term to describe the layer of plastic garbage suspended in the ocean. Yummy. Mandy Barker's photo series uses
Women on the Verge. Joy Carlin has directed the Bay area premiere of Body Awareness with a keen sensitivity to the kinds of remarks that can quickly escalate a misunderstanding to the point where two people might seem close to ending a relationship.
Review. But the program's choreography -- all of it by artistic director Jean-Christophe Maillot -- didn't show us the full range
Nina Chanel Abney's Paintings Mix The Pretty, The Political And The Perverse (PHOTOS). NA
Robert Davidovitz's \Woven Paint\ Series (PHOTOS). RD
Damien Hirst. Damien Hirst is the leading flim-flam man of the contemporary art scene, perhaps the all-time greatest.  That alone makes him worth noting, if not entirely admiring.
To Compete or Not to Compete. As a singer, vocal competitions are a necessary way of gaining notoriety and funding. I was never really a competition winner. Even still, I had a twenty-year career at the Met.
'Hanksy' Is At Krause Gallery And On The Streets. Ryan Gosling by Hanksy Hey girl, we know that you love Ryan Gosling. But we also know that you appreciate Ted Danson's work
\Italian Conversations - Art In The Age Of Berlusconi\ Captures The Best Of Contemporary Italian Art (PHOTOS). A peek into the book Italian Conversations-Art in the age of Berlusconi from Robert Hamelijnck on Vimeo. We know you're interested
The Week In Art. William Utermohlen was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and his mind slowly started unravelling. To better understand himself
Journey Into Rob Matthews' Mythical Back Yard (PHOTOS). Somewhere between the banal and a bacchanal, Rob Matthews finds his inspiration. His drawings depict haunting symbols mingling
Happy Birthday, Yoko Ono! (VIDEOS). If you're anywhere near Fort Lauderdale this weekend, stop in to see \Remember Love
Alexi Torres' Images Made Of Woven Leaves, Feathers And Organic Materials (PHOTOS). Cuban-born artist Alexi Torres wanted to create works that captured the creative powers of the universe as well as the problems
Kyung Sunghyun's Chameleons And Ghostly Visions (PHOTOS). Kyung Sunghyun creates uncanny portraits that resemble shaky, overexposed photographs. Yet these tremors are not a mere technological
The Week In Review. Fabian Ciraolo gives historical figures from Marilyn Monroe to Frida Kahlo hipster makeovers, complete with Daft Punk T-shirts
Dennis Koch's Colorful Supersystems (PHOTOS). Check out Koch's delightful slideshow. You may like it so much you will look at it on loop. For all the heavy theory behind
The Last Portrait of Artist Mike Kelley?. The recent passing of the artist, musician and LA art hero has given a simple photo shoot a grave and life-changing significance.
Cooper Cole Gallery Deals In The Undefined. For \Transmission Lines,\ Cooper Cole Gallery in Toronto brought together two artists who specialize in the ambiguous, challenging
The Week In Art. This week was one of many discoveries at HuffPost Arts. We found out that the Mona Lisa is not alone and that seashells are
Large Shop of Horrors. This was a perfect opportunity to do something creative, but instead Jim Findlay does nothing but reproduce a fetishized female sexuality... in a plant.
'The Art Of Not Making' Explores The Intentions And Effects Of The New Artist/Artisan Relationship (PHOTOS). Check out a slideshow of some of the 115 artists mentioned in Petry's book; we have to say, the works do look good, and often
Fictional And Real Life Women Kick Butt In The Film 'Wonder Women! The Untold Story Of American Superheroines. What inspired you to make the film? I'm curious what you think about Wonder Woman's outfit. Hot? Objectifying? Thoughts? Kristy
'Don't Think'. Amid cheers and the occasional \Here we go!\ from the theater's speakers, the duo danced alone for a few songs. Eventually
Matthew Marks Discusses His New LA Gallery. Was it an obvious choice to recruit Ellsworth Kelly for your inaugural exhibition, this being his 15th solo show with Matthew
Allard Van Hoorn's 'Urban Songline' Explores Relationship Between Sound, Space and Materials (PHOTOS, VIDEO). A recent exhibition at Storefront for Art and Architecture is shifting the connection between song and space from the nomadic
