There Were 2 Mass Shootings In Texas Last Week, But Only 1 On TV. She left her husband. He killed their children. Just another day in America.
Rachel Dolezal Faces Felony Charges For Welfare Fraud. State prosecutors say almost $84,000 had been deposited into her bank account while she was receiving public assistance.
Man Faces Charges After Pulling Knife, Stun Gun On Muslim Students At McDonald's. \u201cWe thought we were going to die,\ one of the students said.
2 People Injured In Indiana School Shooting. A male student, believed to be the suspect, has been detained, according to police.
Maryland Police Charge 3 Church Leaders With Past Abuse Of At-Risk Teen Girls. The victims, who are now adults, were enrolled in a church-run program designed to give troubled teens a safe place to live.
Florida Police Report 2 Dead After Standoff At Panama City Apartment Complex. The gunman was found dead after soaking his apartment in gasoline.
'This Isn\u2019t Pakistan, Bitch'. A case of road rage in Texas quickly escalated into a hateful and xenophobic diatribe.
These Are The Victims Of The Santa Fe High School Shooting. Authorities confirmed the deaths of 10 people in the mass shooting. Here are their stories.
Hospice Overdosed Patients To 'Hasten Their Deaths,' Former Health Care Executive Admits. Federal prosecutors allege Melanie Murphey and others at Novus Health Services in Texas were trying to maximize profits.
Former WWF Wrestler Severely Beaten Outside California Home. \He's really lucky to be alive,\ a neighbor said.
Manhattan District Attorney Vows To Stop Prosecuting Minor Marijuana Cases. \u201cThe dual mission of the Manhattan D.A.\u2019s Office is a safer New York and a more equal justice system,\u201d said District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr.
Larry Nassar Blames His Victims, Says He 'Was Victimized' In Newly Released Videos. \u201cThat\u2019s my self-torture, I guess you could say. Yes, she was victimized. Yes, I was victimized, to myself.\u201d
Video Shows 8-Year-Old With Autism Taunted, Abused By Bus Driver. \It's clearly despicable,\ said an attorney for the girl's family.
Suspect In Custody After Shooting At California High School, 1 Injured. The victim is in stable condition after being shot in the arm.
Accused Golden State Killer Faces Four Additional Murder Counts. Joseph James DeAngelo has now been charged in a dozen homicides.
7 Killed In What May Be Australia's Worst Mass Shooting Since 1996. \u201cI can only describe it as a horrific situation,\u201d a police commissioner said.
Police Search Suspected Serial Killer's Dumping Ground. Michigan cops say Arthur Ream bragged \about murdering four to six people.\
Nurse Charged In Death Of Ex-Trump Adviser H.R. McMaster's Father. Christann Shyvin Gainey was arrested after the 84-year-old died of a head injury at a nursing home last month.
Girls, 10 and 11, Accused Of Plotting To Kill Classmate. \This is not something we commonly see,\ a cop said.
Woman Alleges Rapper Young Lo Raped Her While She Was Trapped In Chris Brown's Home. Prominent attorney Gloria Allred is representing the unidentified plaintiff.
S.C. Man Wanted White Supremacists To Kill Black Neighbor, Burn Cross In His Yard. Brandon Lecroy, 25, was indicted by a grand jury on charges of murder for hire.
George Zimmerman Accused Of Stalking Detective Working On Trayvon Martin Film. Zimmerman appeared to threaten to feed the investigator to an alligator.
Police Hope To Use DNA To Catch The Zodiac Killer. \We could finally have answers to one of the greatest whodunits of all time,\ a criminologist said.
138 Were Killed Last Year In Record Number Of U.S. 'Active Shooter' Attacks. It\u2019s the first time an annual death toll in active shooting incidents exceeded 90 since the FBI began tracking the crimes in 2000.
Georgia Highway Sniper 'Idolized' Parkland Shooter, Police Say. Rex Whitmire Harbour, 26, wrote that Nikolas Cruz was a \hero,\ officials said.
Man Who Killed Indian Immigrant Sentenced To Life In Prison. \He was only enjoying a glass of beer with his friend,\ the victim's wife said.
Badass Grandpa Uses Fancy Footwork To Trip Armed Suspect Fleeing From Cops. Police said the man \u201clikely saved\u201d the 18-year-old suspect's life with his bold move.
Gang Used Drone Swarm To Thwart FBI Hostage Raid. An official said the drones livestreamed video while they buzzed over the agents.
1 Person Dead After Shooting At Nashville, Tennessee, Mall. A suspect is in custody.
1 Person Found Dead After Explosion Rocks Site Of Alleged Domestic Hostage Situation. Connecticut authorities say a man took his wife hostage in their home for several days.
Camille Cosby Says Husband's Guilty Verdict Is 'Mob Justice' In Bizarre Statement. This is the first time she has spoken out since Bill Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault.
Bodycam Video Of Police Entering Las Vegas Shooter's Hotel Room Finally Released. A Nevada Supreme Court has ordered Las Vegas police to release bodycam footage and audio from 911 calls from the night of the deadly rampage.
Veterinarian Accused Of Smuggling Heroin Inside Puppies' Bellies. If convicted, Andres Lopez Elorez faces up to life imprisonment.
Parkland Suspect\u2019s Brother Jailed On Probation Violation Charge. Zachary Cruz, 18, was driving without a license near a Florida high school. His probation banned him from getting close to schools.
White Supremacist Found Guilty In Charlottesville Beating Of Black Man. A jury recommended a 10-year jail sentence and $20,000 fine for the attack on DeAndre Harris.
9 Dead After C-130 Military Cargo Plane Crashes In Georgia. The plane and its crew had been actively involved in hurricane relief efforts.
Janice Dickinson Says She Won't Feel 'Vindicated' Until Cosby Is Jailed. Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault last week, but sentencing has not been set.
57 White Supremacists In Texas Indicted In Meth, Kidnapping Cases. One supremacist allegedly \used a hatchet to chop off a portion\ of a victim's index finger.
Wealthy Texas Couple Accused Of Enslaving Young Woman For 16 Years. One of the suspects is the son of Guinea's first president, CNN reports.
How To Convict A Rapist. Bill Cosby's guilty verdict is a rare victory for survivors. But it will take a lot more to combat sexual assault myths that run rampant in courtrooms.
The Cosby Verdict Won\u2019t Fix A Broken Legal System. He was found guilty, but the system is still stacked against victims.
Links Suspected Between Severed Heads Found In Louisiana And Texas. \This could be a serial killer's dumping grounds,\ a criminologist said.
DNA From Genealogy Sites Helped Investigators Zero In On 'Golden State Killer' Suspect. Joseph James DeAngelo, 72, was arrested in connection with the string of crimes on Tuesday.
Patton Oswalt Celebrates Michelle McNamara's Legacy After Arrest In 'Golden State Killer' Case. \u201cI think you got him, Michelle.\
Missing Teen Found Safe After Ominous 'Call Police' Phone Message. Amber Wagers was last seen getting into a white car on Wednesday.
Bill Cosby Found Guilty In Sexual Assault Retrial. The 80-year-old comedian was accused of drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004.
Bill Cosby Yells At Prosecutor After Guilty Verdict. Cosby's outburst came after the prosecutor said the comedian was a flight risk.
2 Arizona Women Are Accused Of Performing Dangerous Dental Surgeries. One alleged victim claims she got a serious infection after they extracted several teeth.
Nassar Judge Speaks Out For The First Time Since Highly Publicized Sentencing. \I support the girls,\ Judge Rosemarie Aquilina said.
Authorities Confirm Arrest Of Ex-Cop In 'Golden State Serial Killer' Case. \For over 40 years, helpless victims have waited for justice,\ a district attorney said.
Cops Make Arrest In Infamous 'Golden State Killer' Case. It's been nearly 50 years since the first homicide.
Dallas Officer Shot At Home Depot Dies. 2 Others Still In Hospital.. Officer Rogelio Santander, 27, died the day after the shooting.
Hefty Prison Sentence For Man Who Stole $1.2 Million In Fajitas. \It got to a point where I couldn\u2019t control it anymore,\u201d he said.
Hero In Waffle House Shooting Is Raising Funds For Victims. Tennessee lawmakers presented James Shaw Jr. with a resolution that calls him \a hero twice over.\
Police Arrest Waffle House Shooting Suspect, Ending Manhunt. Travis Reinking, 29, was armed when he was arrested Monday, police say.
Felony Charges For Father Of Toddler Who Shot Pregnant Mom. The father allegedly told his daughter, \u201cWhat did you do? Were you playing with daddy\u2019s gun? ... You aren\u2019t supposed to play with daddy\u2019s gun.\u201d
2 Florida Deputies Shot Dead While Eating At Chinese Restaurant. The unidentified gunman was found dead outside the restaurant. Officials have not given a motive.
Coroner Reclassifies A Man's Suspicious Death After HuffPost Investigates. An incarcerated woman said that she and her partner were involved in Shawn Arthur's death.
'Smallville' Actress Allison Mack Is Charged With Sex Trafficking. The actress is accused of recruiting women who were forced to engage in sex with a cult leader.
Don't Count On 'Me Too' To Sway The Bill Cosby Jury. The Me Too movement has launched a national discussion on sexual violence. But experts are skeptical about its power inside a courtroom.
Someone Tied A Hedgehog To A Tree With A 'Makeshift Crucifix' Of Shoelaces. The perpetrator in Wales barbarically left the little creature to die, but it survived.
Unarmed Black Man Killed In 'Mind-Boggling,' Unjustified Barrage Of Police Gunfire. An attorney for Diante Yarber's family called it the worst case of \excessive and unnecessary force\ he's ever seen.
Bungling Robbery Suspects Receive Much-Deserved Dose Of Karma. A gusty Mother Nature spoiled the getaway.
Chicago Shootings Spike Amid Weekend Violence. More than 600 people have been shot in the city this year.
Woman Burned To Death Can Testify From The Grave. \She may be the only victim to testify in their own murder trial,\ a defense attorney said.
Police Release Body Cam Video Of YouTube Shooter Nasim Aghdam. Asked if she wanted to hurt herself or anyone else just hours before shooting, she told California officers
Judge Denies Bill Cosby's Request For A Mistrial After Accuser Has Outburst In Court. He gave Chelan Lasha a warning and told jurors to disregard her comment.
Feds Investigate After Woman Tells HuffPost She Helped Drug, Rob Up To 100 Men. One man's death is linked to the alleged crime spree.
Los Angeles Thieves Steal Second Ambulance In A Week. Crooks hear the siren song.
Topless Protester Arrested Outside Bill Cosby Retrial. A woman chanting \women's lives matter\ reportedly jumped in front of Cosby as he made his way to the courthouse.
Backpage.com Founders Indicted For Facilitating Prostitution On Site. The federal government had seized the classifieds website, which featured ads for sex work, days before.
Vatican Arrests Its Own Diplomat After Child Pornography Probe. Monsignor Carlo Alberto Capella was first reported by American and Canadian officials.
Here's What To Know About The Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Retrial. The comedian's sexual assault retrial will hold new twists, even for people who have closely followed the case.
NYPD Releases 911 Transcripts, Footage Of Saheed Vassell's Final Moments. Police fatally shot Vassell, an unarmed black man, on Wednesday.
New York Police Fatally Shoot Unarmed Black Man On Brooklyn Street. The man was pointing a pipe at people that police and 911 callers mistook for a gun.
YouTube\u2019s Neighbors Send Stirring Message Of Support After Shooting. Walmart employees in the next building used their windows to show some love.
If You\u2019re On The Internet Talking About A Shooting, Remember These Things. Misinformation spreads like wildfire after a shooting. But it doesn't have to.
YouTube Shooter Was 'Upset' With Company, Police Say. Four people were injured in the attack at the company's headquarters.
Designer Of Waterslide That Decapitated 10-Year-Old Boy Seized On Murder Charge. John Schooley, lead designer of the deadly Verr\u00fcckt water slide in Kansas, was nabbed at a Texas airport.
'Affluenza Teen' Ethan Couch Released From Jail After 2-Year Sentence. Couch, who killed four people in a 2013 drunk-driving crash, wants to go forward \as a law-abiding citizen,\ his lawyers said.
Family's Fatal Cliff Car Crash Likely Was Intentional, Police Say. A couple and their six adopted children are believed to have been killed.
Cosby Judge Refuses To Recuse Himself Over His Wife's Work With Abuse Victims. Jury selection in the comedian's sexual assault retrial starts Monday and testimony is set to begin April 9.
Parkland High School Shooter Nikolas Cruz Has Been Receiving Tons Of Fan Mail In Prison. Like many infamous prisoners before him, accused Florida gunman\u00a0Nikolas Cruz\u00a0is receiving\u00a0torrents of fan mail\u00a0from people
Pulse Nightclub Shooter\u2019s Widow Found Not Guilty Of Aiding Her Husband\u2019s Attack. Noor Salman's family said she was a victim of Omar Mateen's violence, not his collaborator.
Court Rules Adnan Syed Of 'Serial' Podcast Has The Right To A New Trial. But prosecutors could still appeal that decision.
How Noor Salman Became The Scapegoat Of The Pulse Massacre. Prosecutors say she helped her husband's terror attack. Her supporters say she's innocent and the case is \u201crooted in gendered Islamophobia.\
Suspect Reportedly Arrested Over Explosives Sent To Washington, D.C. Area. The FBI was expected to disclose the arrest on Tuesday, a source said.
Larry Nassar's Longtime MSU Boss Arrested On Sexual Misconduct Charges. William Strampel is also accused of willfully mishandling the abuse claims against Nassar.
Pulse Nightclub Shooter's Father Revealed As Former FBI Informant. Lawyers for Noor Salman, the gunman's widow, have asked the judge to toss the case against her.
Two Women Who Broadcast Islamophobic Mosque Visit With Children Are Indicted. The women were charged with third-degree burglary and aggravated criminal damage.
Parents Threw Hot Oil On Teen For Refusing Forced Marriage, Cops Say. Parents of the Texas teen have been charged with child abuse, and it's \highly likely\ a man who offered the family $20,000 to marry her will be arrested.
U.S. Charges Iranians For Global Cyber Attacks. The attack pilfered more than 31 terabytes of academic data and intellectual property.
Police Struggle To Find Possible Motives For Austin Bombings. Mark Anthony Conditt, the suspected bomber who died in a police confrontation Wednesday, didn't drop many hints about his intentions.
'Incendiary Device' In Austin Injures Worker. Police Not Linking It To Package Bombs.. \There was no package explosion,\ police say.
Suspected Austin Bomber Dead In Confrontation With Police. The suspect has been identified as 23-year-old Mark Anthony Conditt.
Police Find Recorded 'Confession' On Austin Bomber's Cellphone. \u201cThis is an outcry by a very challenged young man.\u201d
Texas Bomb Suspect's Family 'Devastated And Broken'. Relatives of the suspected serial bomber said they were shocked to learn of his involvement.
Explosion At FedEx Facility Outside San Antonio May Be Linked To Austin Bombings, FBI Says. The package blew up on a conveyor belt in a local sorting facility in Schertz, Texas.
Officer Charged With Murder In Shooting Death Of Justine Damond. Minneapolis police officer Mohamed Noor killed Damond in July after she called 911.
Police Suspect 'Serial Bomber' In Deadly Austin Attacks. Police say the latest explosion involved a bomb that may have been detonated by a trip wire.
World's Dumbest Shoplifters Literally Run Into The Police At Costco. Suspects are accused of taking $2,200 in merch from the warehouse club.
PSA. It's dangerous. And you could face fines.
Video Shows Parkland Deputy Never Entered School As Mass Shooting Happened Inside. He knew there was a shooting, but chose not to enter the building.
Dylann Roof's Sister Accused Of\u00a0Having Weapons\u00a0At School During National Walkouts. On Snapchat, 18-year-old Morgan Roof said she hoped the protests were \a trap and y'all get shot.\
2 Women Who Took Children To Vandalize An Arizona Mosque Are Arrested. The Tempe arrest came after the women posted video on Facebook.
Jury To Weigh If Pulse Shooter\u2019s Widow Is A Monster Or Just Married One. Opening statements in the federal terrorism trial began on Wednesday.
Accused Casino Robber Tried To Disguise Himself With Blackface. The cashier assumed the robber was actually white because his skin tone appeared irregular and blotchy.
Prosecutors Will Seek Death Penalty In Parkland School Shooting. Nikolas Cruz, 19, faces dozens of charges for the Valentine's Day attack that left 17 people dead.
Another Gun Just Went Off In A School. There were no injuries. This time.
Her Husband Killed 49 People In Orlando. Now She's On Trial For Terrorism.. Noor Salman is accused of aiding and abetting her husband. Her lawyers say she\u2019s innocent, and is herself another victim of Omar Mateen.
4 Dead As Hostage Standoff Ends At California Veterans Home. Three female employees and the gunman were all found dead after a daylong siege.
Parkland Deputy Who Didn't Engage School Shooter Told Other Officers To Stay Away. \u201cStay at least 500 feet away,\u201d the now-disgraced deputy warns in newly released police radio recordings.
4 Dead As Hostage Standoff Ends At California Veterans Home. Three female employees and the gunman were all found dead after the daylong siege.
911 Calls From Parkland Shooting Reveal Terror Of Parents Desperate For Answers. One girl hid in a room the gunman shot into. It was her birthday.
Student Killed In Accidental Shooting At Alabama School. A second student is in critical but stable condition, while an adult employee was treated and released at the scene.
Man Pleads Guilty To Murder Of Indian Man After Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country'. He still faces federal hate crime charges.
Parkland School Shooter Indicted On 17 Counts Of Murder. Nikolas Cruz faces a maximum sentence of either execution or life in prison.
Fyre Festival Founder Faces Prison After Pleading Guilty To Wire Fraud. \u201cI grossly underestimated the resources that would be necessary to hold an event of this magnitude,\ said Billy McFarland.
Sexual Assault Claim Against Mark Cuban Resurfaces After 7 Years. The billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner has denied the allegation.
Men Are Impersonating Police To Sexually Exploit Women, And We're Not Paying Enough Attention. Experts say that police impersonation is a crime that should be taken more seriously.
Couple Face Cruelty Charges For Living In Plywood Box With Children. Officials said the kids were not being held captive, but they did not have running water or electricity.
19-Year-Old Arrested After Parents Found Shot Dead At Central Michigan University. Police said the shooting was a result of a \domestic situation.\
Nobody Knows Exactly How Many People Are Getting Killed With Assault-Style Rifles. These deaths appear to make up a small proportion of overall gun homicides, but exactly how small is anybody's guess.
Intruder Scare In Sean Hannity's Home Leads To Arrest. The Fox News host's wife was there at the time.
Woman Accused Of Poisoning Friend With Cheesecake In Identity Theft Plot. The suspect, wanted for murder in Russia, targeted a woman who looked like her and spoke Russian, authorities said.
Parkland Shooter's Rifle Magazines Were Etched With Swastikas. The accused gunman left a rifle and 180 rounds of ammunition in the school, officials said.
North Carolina Man Broadcasts His Own Killing On Facebook Live. Police say 55-year-old Prentis Robinson may have been targeted for outing suspected drug dealers on the video streaming platform.
Neo-Nazi Chat Logs Reveal Chilling Praise For Slaying Of Gay Jewish Student. Members of the hate group Atomwaffen have been linked to five killings in recent months.
Texas, Alabama Halt Executions; Florida Puts Convicted Rapist And Killer To Death. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott commuted the death sentence of a convicted murderer less than an hour before he was set to be executed.
Why Schools Are Flooded With Threats After Mass Shootings. The arrest of dozens of students since the Florida massacre spotlights a mental health epidemic.
Armed Officer Assigned To Stoneman Douglas Resigns Amid Shooting Investigation. School Resource Officer Scott Peterson was suspended without pay while the Broward County Sheriff's Office investigated his inaction during the school shooting.
Florida Shooter's Former Friend Says She Reported Him To School 'Multiple' Times. Nikolas Cruz \talked about killing our parents, our friends, boyfriends and girlfriends,\ said Ariana Lopez.
Couple Who Took In Florida Shooter. \u201cEverything everybody seems to know, we didn\u2019t know,\u201d James Snead said of the 19-year-old.
Siblings From Parkland High School Write Essays To Say 'Never Again'. \This is the last school shooting that\u2019s going to happen. Never again shall we allow this to happen.\
Report. The school has been hit with sexual assault scandals in the past.
Parkland Could've Been Worse. Vegas Could've Been Worse. They Can Always Be Worse.. And if we continue to do nothing about mass shootings, there's no reason to believe the next one won't be.
At Vigil For Florida School Shooting Victims, Students Chant 'No More Guns!'. \Stricter gun laws,\ 17-year-old Arianna Ali said about preventing a future tragedy.
Officials Haven't Found Evidence Linking Florida Shooting Suspect To White Supremacists (UPDATE). The leader of the Republic of Florida, a white nationalist militia, had initially told reporters the suspect participated in the group's drills.
ICE Lawyer Charged With Trying To Defraud Immigrants By Stealing Their Identities. Raphael A. Sanchez allegedly targeted seven people whose cases were being processed by the agency.
Three Milwaukee County Jail Staff Members Charged For Inmate's Dehydration Death. Terrill Thomas died of \profound dehydration\ in 2016 after guards cut off his water supply for a week.
Two Ohio Police Officers Fatally Shot While Responding To 911 Call. Officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli were met with gunfire upon their arrival, officials said.
These Bloody Dollhouse Scenes Reveal A Secret Truth About American Crime. Look closely. Can you see it?
Second Girl Sentenced For \u2018Slender Man\u2019 Stabbing. Morgan Geyser was convicted for stabbing a classmate 19 times in 2014. The victim survived.
Father Of 3 Girls Abused By Larry Nassar Tries To Attack Him In Court. Randall Margraves lunged at the disgraced convict after two of his daughters gave impact statements.
Nassar's Defense Attorney Says 265 Survivors 'Just Feel Like' They Were Abused. Shannon Smith says she has a \very hard time believing\ that all of these women and girls are telling the truth.
Ex-Cop Says Baltimore Police Carried BB Guns To Hide Dirty Shootings. The weapons were kept in patrol cars \in case we accidentally hit somebody,\ the former detective testified in court.
Package Thief Gets A Painful Dose Of Instant Karma, And It's All Caught On Video. That's gotta hurt.
4 Killed In Shooting Rampage At Pennsylvania Car Wash. The gunman was on life support after sustaining a possibly self-inflicted shot to the head.
Family Of Woman Missing For 12 Years 'Fed Up' With Florida Cops. Jennifer Kesse's family is filing suit for access to police records.
Man Claims He's Infamous Alcatraz Escapee In Newly Surfaced Letter. The letter says all three inmates survived the escape.
Baltimore Cop Accused Of Planting Drugs In Body Cam Video Indicted. More than 100 prosecutions involving Officer Richard Pinheiro Jr. have been dropped.
There\u2019s A Line Between Justice And Vengeance. Larry Nassar\u2019s Judge Crossed It.. Wishing rape on anyone -- even a serial sexual abuser -- is unacceptable.
U.S. Schools Have Already Faced 10 Shooting Incidents This Year. A quarter of U.S. parents fear for their children's safety while at school, according to a Gallup survey.
Man Arrested Over Threats To CNN. It has been zero days since President Trump last called CNN \fake news.\
Study Finds More Than 9,000 Brothels Masquerading As Legit Businesses. The \massage parlors\ can be fronts for human trafficking, Polaris reports.
Doughnut-Eating Champ Arrested In Doughnut Shop Break-In. D'oh!
15-Year-Old Airlifted To Dallas Hospital After High School Shooting. The 16-year-old suspect is in custody.
SFPD Says It Wants To Protect Sex Workers; Still Employs Cop Accused Of Statutorily Raping One. The officer is accused of having sex with Celeste Guap when she was only 17.
Aunt Of 13 Siblings Locked In California Home Says The Dad Used To Watch Her Take Showers. \Now that I\u2019m an adult and I look back, I see things that I didn\u2019t see then,\ Elizabeth Flores said.
Police Investigate Whether Killing Of Student Blaze Bernstein Was A 'Hate Crime'. Samuel Woodward, 20, was charged Wednesday with the murder of his former high school classmate.
How 2 California Parents Could 'Home-School' Their Shackled And Abused Children. The home where police found that 13 children and young adults had been held in horrific conditions was listed as a private school.
Suspect In Murder Of Student Blaze Bernstein Claims He Was Hitting On Him. Police found Bernstein's body, which had been stabbed over 20 times, in a park in California last week.
13 Siblings 'Held Captive' By Parents, Some In Chains And Starving, Police Say. The siblings, ranging from ages 2 to 29, were found padlocked to beds and malnourished.
Texas Man Charged With Capital Murder In Adopted Daughter's Death. The charge means Sherin Mathews' father could face the death penalty or life in prison if found guilty.
Californian Confesses To Cold Case Slaying In Emotional TV Interview. God made him want to clear his conscience, he says on camera.
Couple Ordered To Pay Enslaved Nanny $121,000 After 2 Years Of Work. The Texas couple was additionally sentenced to seven months in jail for the abuse.
Staff Interacted Several Times With Vegas Mass Shooter, Hotel Says. But it's still not clear if workers saw Stephen Paddock \u2014 or his arsenal \u2014 the day he killed 58 people.
White Supremacist Charged With Terrorism After Alleged Attempt To Derail Train. The FBI found weapons hidden in his Missouri home after he pulled the brake on an Amtrak train while armed.
FBI Reportedly Investigating Clinton Foundation. A spokesman for Hillary Clinton called the probe \a sham.\
Gunfire Outside Colorado State Capitol Forces Brief Lockdown. Witnesses say they saw a person pull a gun and shoot at a car while walking near the Capitol.
Less Than 1 Ounce Of Marijuana Leads To Arrests Of More Than 60 Georgia Partygoers. After no one admitted to owning the stash, police hauled in dozens of people because the pot was \within everyone's reach or control.\
Missing Daughters Of Slain Texas Woman Found Safe (UPDATE). Police have a suspect in custody.
Police Arrest 16-Year-Old Boy Suspected Of Killing Parents, Sister On New Year's Eve. The teenager allegedly used an assault rifle to fatally shoot four people in his parents' New Jersey home.
2018 Is Already Off To A Violent Start. There were several shootings around the U.S. on New Year's Day.
Alleged 'Nigerian Prince' Email Scammer Arrested In Louisiana. He does not appear to be Nigerian or a prince.
FBI Affidavit Details Ex-Sheriff David Clarke's Intimidation Of Fellow Passenger. Feds dropped their case against him in May, but Milwaukee investigators determined he had abused his authority, the filing reveals.
2 Dead, 1 Injured In Shooting At California Law Firm. The gunman was reportedly an attorney fired by the firm.
Man Rigged Front Door To Try To Electrocute His Pregnant Wife, Police Say. The suspect also prematurely changed his relationship status on Facebook to \widowed.\
NYPD Officers Suspended After Witnesses Say They Didn't Check On Woman Later Found Dead. The victim's 2-year-old daughter was later discovered crying near her mother's body.
Martin Shkreli's Former Lawyer Convicted Of Helping Him To Defraud Pharmaceutical Firm. Acting U.S. Attorney Bridget Rohde said the verdict sent a message to lawyers that they will be held accountable when they \u201cuse their legal expertise to facilitate the commission of crime.\u201d
Crimes That Dominated Headlines In 2017. There were a number of high-profile tragedies this year.
Children, Same-Sex Couple Identified In 'Horrific' Upstate New York Quadruple Homicide. The family's bodies were found in a basement apartment one day after Christmas.
'Neo-Nazi' Teen Charged With Killing Girlfriend's Parents After They Reported Him. Scott Fricker and Buckley Kuhn-Fricker were shot and killed after reportedly separating their daughter  from the boy.
Deputies Fatally Shoot 6-Year-Old In His Home While Firing At Suspect. Kameron Prescott, 6, was struck by a stray bullet.
California Authorities Launch Manhunt After Series Of Random Shootings Targeting Drivers. Witnesses described the suspect\u2019s vehicle as a dark-colored pick-up truck with oversized tires.
Teen Gets 25 Years In Mental Health Facility For 'Slender Man' Stabbing. The 16-year-old girl was convicted for stabbing a classmate 19 times in 2014.
Veterinarian Accused Of Shooting Neighbors' Dog In The Head. The vet had allegedly sent hostile texts to the owners about the dog's barking.
Man Arrested After 5-Year-Old Son Fatally Shoots Himself With Gun Left In Glove Box. The suspect faces a criminal negligence charge.
Canadian Pharmaceutical Billionaire, Wife Found Dead In Toronto. Police have described the circumstances surrounding the deaths as \suspicious\
Human Foot Washed Ashore In Canada Is 13th Found Since 2007. \It's just a freak thing,\ said the man who made the most recent find.
No Jail Time For Fertility Doctor Who Used His Sperm To Impregnate Patients. \Our pain was not acknowledged,\ one of the victims said.
The U.S. Is Number One -- In Weapons Sales. Once again, the U.S. leads the world in weapons sales, notes SIPRI, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute
'It Was An Execution'. Laney Sweet's husband was shot with an AR-15 rifle bearing the inscription \you're f**ked,\ court documents state.
Police Arrest Naked Man Who Jumped Onto Moving Truck Near Dulles Airport. He crashed into two cars and assaulted a driver before stripping off his clothes and jumping onto that truck.
Man Arguing With Girlfriend Threw Good Samaritan Off Bridge. The victim, who fell 45 feet into icy waters, is recovering from injuries.
Alleged Airplane Smoker Threatens To 'Kill Everybody On This F**king Plane'. The passenger claimed she needed to smoke for \the anxiety.\
Police Confirm Another Freeway Shooting In Michigan. There is no known relationship between any of the victims.
New York Bomber Sought An ISIS-Inspired Attack With Failed Device, Investigators Say. The suspect, Akayed Ullah, was the most seriously hurt in the rush-hour blast.
Landlord Accused Of Masturbating On Tenant's Clothes When She Wasn't Home. The suspect told police he was in the woman's apartment to fix a hot water heater.
Appeals Court Denies New Trial For 'Making A Murderer' Subject Brendan Dassey. The 7th Circuit ruled that his confession to aiding in a rape and murder when he was 16 was not coerced.
Protect Older Persons From Molesters. Originally posted on Kenya\u2019s Daily Nation A week after the world marked the International Day of Older Persons on Oct. 1
Former Priest Convicted In Decades-Old Beauty Queen Slaying. He \was a wolf in priest's clothing,\ the prosecutor said.
Pregnant Mother Of Twins Vanishes While Running Errands In New York. Her vehicle and cellphone have been found, but there's no sign of her, the police said.
18-Year-Old Confesses To Molesting 'Upwards Of 50 Children' In California. Joseph Hayden Boston said he was 10 years old when he began sexually assaulting kids, according to authorities.
Teen Suspect Sought In Disturbing Cat-Throwing Video. Ontario, California, police say they have identified the suspect but have not yet found him.
Bodies Of Missing California Veteran And Dog Believed Found; Ex-Husband Under Arrest. Retired Army Capt. Julia Jacobson and Boogie disappeared 3 months ago.
Man Charged In Disappearance Of North Carolina Toddler. Mariah Woods, 3, is presumed dead by authorities.
Retirement Community Resident Allegedly Tested Homemade Poison On Neighbors. A 70-year-old woman is accused of sprinkling ricin on the food of other seniors.
Video Shows Man Who Sexually Assaulted 4-Year-Old Get Attacked By Inmate. He was head-butted several times.
3-Year-Old Girl Disappears In North Carolina, Sparking FBI Search. Kristy Woods says she last saw her daughter when she put her to bed Sunday night.
Tampa Police Arrest Suspect Amid Serial Killer Fears. Howell Donaldson III is accused of killing four people in the same neighborhood in a matter of weeks.
Suspect Is Killed After Shots Fired In Reno, Nevada. Gunman allegedly fired from 8th-floor window onto the street below. One injury is reported.
Amid Attacks, Teachers Weigh Their Safety Against Student Privacy. Sharing students\u2019 criminal records with schools may violate their privacy, but some lawmakers think it will make teachers
Air Force Failed To Report Dozens Of Convictions To Background Check System. The military branch is probing an estimated 60,000 incidents in the wake of the Sutherland Springs massacre.
'Glee' Star Naya Rivera Charged With Domestic Battery. Husband Ryan Dorsey says she struck him on the lip and head.
Naked Drunk Driver Crashes Car While Having Sex At The Wheel, Police Say. An infant was in the vehicle's backseat at the time, according to authorities.
Hunter Fatally Shoots Woman He Mistook For A Deer On Thanksgiving Eve. The victim, Rosemary Billquist, was walking her dogs close to her home in western New York state.
Drug Dealer Who Sold Teen Lethal Amount Of Fentanyl Ordered To Pay For His Funeral. The 17-year-old was found dead of an overdose in his home in April.
Suspected MS-13 Gang Member Arrested In Park Stabbing, Dismembering. Miguel Angel Lopez-Abrego, 19, is believed to be one of 10 people who lured a man to his death in Maryland.
Baltimore Detective Killed A Day Before Testifying\u00a0In Federal Case Against Fellow Cops. Baltimore's police commissioner says the evidence suggests Sean Suiter's death was not related to his testimony.
Ohio Man Threatened Historical Mass Shooting At Las Vegas Casino. The suspect faces federal charges after making a series of threats to his estranged wife.
Native American Child Gunned Down By Ashland County Sheriff Deputy Brock Mrdjenovich. Unfortunately, many times when brown-skinned people call 911 for help, they get killed instead.
Charles Manson Reportedly Hospitalized, In Deteriorating Condition. The infamous mass murderer is serving a life sentence in a California prison.
Sylvester Stallone Denies Sexually Assaulting 16-Year-Old Fan In The '80s. A 1986 police report said the girl was allegedly forced into having a threesome with the actor and his bodyguard.
California Shooter Killed Wife The Night Before Attacking Elementary School. Authorities say Kevin Janson Neal killed his wife late Monday before going on a shooting spree the following day.
Texas State University Halts Greek Life After Fraternity Pledge Dies. Alcohol is suspected in the death of the 20-year-old Phi Kappa Psi pledge.
When A Shooting Threat Was Made At My Child's School. I can\u2019t even begin to wrap my head around what would provoke a student to write such a horrific message...
'Psychopathic Predator' Caught On Mainland After Escaping From Hawaii Mental Hospital. Randall Saito was found not guilty by reason of insanity in a 1979 killing.
Ohio Death Row Inmate Receives Pillow To Help Him Breathe During Execution. Alva Campbell Jr. is sick. He is going to die very soon, but not of natural causes. Tomorrow morning, he will shuffle down
Mexico Deports American Polygamist Suspected In 3 Killings. Orson William Black, who fled sex charges in Arizona 15 years ago, was turned over to police.
Foul-Mouthed State Prosecutor Berates, Threatens Uber Driver. \I want the cops to come so that they can f**k you up, that\u2019s what I want,\ she can be heard saying in an audio clip.
Oklahoma Woman Who Married Her Mother Pleads Guilty To Incest. Previously, the mother was married to another child, her biological son.
eBay Pulls Offensive Coffee Mug Showing Skeletal Madeleine McCann. \The seller needs to develop a conscience,\ said a victim advocate.
After Texas Shooting, A Grieving Mother Reads Her Daughter's Last Words. Shortly before Haley Krueger, 16, was slain in a massacre, she wrote about heaven in her notebook.
Filipina Model Says Woman Punched Her In Garage, Called Her \u2018Chinky Eyes\u2019. \When something like this happens it breaks your confidence,\ the victim said.
Texas Church Shooter Claimed He Used Dogs As Target Practice, Says Former Colleague. His Air Force co-worker said Kelley told her he bought the dogs on Craigslist.
We Made Cribs Safer For Our Babies, Now What About Guns?. As a nation, we must find ways to decrease gun deaths and eliminate horrific mass shootings.
'Kayak Killer' Gets Up To 4 Years In Prison For Fianc\u00e9's Death. But Angelika Graswald's defense attorney said she may be out on parol by next month because of time served.
Trooper Sues After Being Forced To Alter Arrest Report Of Judge's Daughter. Ryan Sceviour claims he was disciplined for including admissions of drug use and prostitution in his report.
6 Ways To Grieve And Cope After A Mass Shooting. Shocked. Fearful. Uncertain. These are all emotions that many of us find ourselves navigating after several churchgoers in
US Polygamist Busted In Mexico Following Deaths Of Three Young Americans. A police raid that included Mexican and American law enforcement officials caught the wanted man, who years ago fled Arizona on pedophilia charges.
Another Mass Shooting And More Prayers. America Has Officially Given Up.. We have become so inured to gun violence, we barely register it anymore.
Air Force Failed To Enter Church Shooter's Domestic Violence Record In U.S. Database. As a convicted abuser, Devin Kelley was not legally allowed to purchase firearms. He fell through the cracks.
At Least 26 Dead In Shooting At Texas Baptist Church. The victims' ages ranged from 18 months to 77 years old.
Florida Woman Arrested For Allegedly Riding A Horse While Drunk. \She not only put herself and the horse in danger, but also anyone who was driving on the road,\ local sheriff Grady Judd said.
Police Catch 'Nonchalant' Gunman Who Killed 3 At Colorado Walmart. The suspect entered the store  calmly and opened fire, then walked out, police said.
Muslim Advocacy Groups Urge Compassion And Unity Following New York City Attack. \u201cAn attack on one of us is an attack on all of us, and we will never stand for violence against those who are innocent.\u201d
Alex Wubbels, Utah Nurse Arrested For Doing Her Job, Reaches $500,000 Settlement. Wubbels said she will donate part of the money to help others obtain body cam footage from police.
Nurse Barred From Jail After Allegedly Performing Exorcism On Inmate. The inmate, who allegedly received the exorcism instead of medical help, later died.
2 New York Detectives Charged In Alleged Rape Of 18-Year-Old. The officers have pleaded not guilty to a 50-count indictment, saying the sex was consensual.
Photos From The Scene Of The Deadly Truck Attack In New York City. Multiple people were killed.
Meth Found In Child's Halloween Candy Prompts Warning From Wisconsin Police. Local authorities urged parents to inspect their children's candy before letting them eat it.
Florida Police Release Eerie New Surveillance Video In Hunt For Suspected Serial Killer. A \person of interest\ was seen running from area after first Tampa shooting.
Pastor Accused Of Impersonating Cop And Assaulting Teens. The pastor denies the allegations.
Billionaire Pharmaceutical Company Founder Charged In Opioid Bribery Case. John Kapoor, 74, stepped down as chief executive of Insys Therapeutics in January.
Newtown Shooter May Have Had Interest In Pedophilia, FBI Reveals. Adam Lanza thought children were being brainwashed by adults, and was obsessed with mass shootings, newly released documents show.
Florida Woman Crashes Wedding, And It Doesn't End Well. No, crashing a wedding to throw a drink on a guy and allegedly punch his dance partner is not proper etiquette.
Dad Arrested In Death of 3-Year-Old Now Says She Choked On Milk. Police say Wesley Mathews confessed to moving his daughter's body, which was found in a culvert. He initially reported her as missing.
Dad Charged After Cops Find Body Near Where Toddler Was Left Outside For Not Drinking Milk. Police say the body is \most likely\ that of Sherin Mathews, the 3-year-old Texas girl missing for more than two weeks.
Study Ties California Gun Violence Increases To Nevada Gun Shows. The University of California study indicates gun-related deaths and injuries increased 70 percent in neighboring areas after such events.
Body Found May Be Of Missing 3-Year-Old Left Outside By Dad. Sherin Mathews's adoptive father told police the girl was being punished for not drinking her milk.
10-Year-Old Killed By Teen's Crossbow Shot After 'Disagreement'. The incident occurred in a treehouse; a 13-year-old friend is custody.
Police Say 3 Deaths Could Be Work Of Serial Killer 'Terrorizing' Tampa. Three people have been shot and killed this month, and police suspect the slayings are related.
Joe Arpaio Is Still Guilty Despite Presidential Pardon, Judge Says. The former sheriff's request to wipe out his criminal conviction was denied.
Albuquerque Police Officers Killed Our Son, And We Want To See Change. We never want another family to go through the pain we did.
Cops Explain How To Pull Off A Good Halloween Prank Without Getting Arrested. Don't go to jail over a practical joke.
Florida Man Pleads Guilty To Hate Crime For Phoned In Mosque Threat. Gerald Wallace could face up to 20 years behind bars.
Alabama Executes Torrey McNabb. Last night, the state of Alabama executed Torey Twane McNabb. After McNabb refused a last meal and was strapped to the gurney
Chelsea Bomber Ahmad Rahimi Found Guilty. Thirty people were wounded in the 2016 attack.
Tina Frost, Las Vegas Shooting Victim, Wakes From Coma. The 27-year-old from Maryland took her first steps since the massacre.
Police Change Timeline Of Las Vegas Mass Shooting Again. Officials released a new timeline one day after MGM said their revised timeline was incorrect.
After Lawsuit, City Agrees To Stop Forcing Women To Pay Fee For Not Pressing Charges Against Abusers. On June 10, 2016, police were called to the Columbus, Georgia home of Cleopatra Harrison. Harrison, then 22, told the officer
Man\u2019s Attempt At Using Google To Rob A Bank Backfires Spectacularly. William Johnson needed money, so he searched the internet for a bank robbery how-to, police said.
MGM 'Confident' That Police Are Wrong About Las Vegas Shooting Timeline. Mandalay Bay's parent company offered its own timeline of events, which differs from the one released by police.
Utah Cop Who Violently Arrested Nurse Is Fired. \u201cI have lost faith and confidence in your ability to continue to serve,\u201d the police chief told Salt Lake City Detective Jeff Payne.
New Timeline In Vegas Shooting Raises Questions On Police Response. Las Vegas police face new questions after it was revealed the gunman shot a security guard before opening fire.
Manhattan DA Swept Harvey Weinstein Sexual Harassment Under The Rug, Report Alleges. The NYPD had evidence but didn't do anything with it, according to the New Yorker.
Child Sex Offender Awarded Joint Custody Of Victim\u2019s Kid. The woman, who was 12 when she was impregnated, seeks protection from her attacker under the federal Rape Survivor Child Custody Act.
3-Year-Old Missing After Left Outside For Not Drinking Milk. Sherin Mathews' dad allegedly took her outside at 3 a.m. as punishment. When he returned she was gone.
More Than 100 Dogs Rescued From Cramped, Filthy Cages In Puppy Mill Bust. The smell of feces and urine was so strong at the Texas operation that investigators could smell it from the road.
Las Vegas Shooter Had 50 Pounds Of An Explosive Substance In His Car. Tannerite can cause severe burns and \major blast injury,\ according to the EPA.
Unarmed Hotel Security Guard Who Found Las Vegas Shooter Hailed As Hero [UPDATE]. Jesus Campos, wounded in a barrage of gunfire, said he was \just doing\ his job.
Police Investigate Reports Of Las Vegas Gunman Booking Hotels Near Other Concerts. Stephen Paddock's motive for the Route 91 Harvest Festival massacre is still unknown.
Marilou Danley, Las Vegas Shooter's Girlfriend. She said the money he sent her before the shooting was to buy a house for her and her family.
Stephen Paddock\u00a0Had\u00a0Deadly But Legal Gun Device That 'Simulates Automatic Fire'. Police found 12 firearms fitted with a \bump stock\ device in the shooter's hotel room.
What We Know And Don't Know About Stephen Paddock And The Las Vegas Massacre. Investigators are still mostly in the dark about Paddock's motive.
Charlottesville Rally Organizer Jason Kessler Indicted On Perjury Charge. \I\u2019ll admit that what I did was not legal.\
The American Way To Grieve. Author\u2019s note
We Can't Escape The Reality Of Las Vegas Any Longer. This is a human issue.
Las Vegas Gunman Had 'Cache Of Weapons'. The gunfire \just kept coming,\ a witness said. \It was relentless.\
Here's What We Know About Stephen Paddock, The Las Vegas Shooting Suspect. Police said the \sole aggressor\ of the mass shooting killed himself.
Eyewitnesses Recount Gunfire At Las Vegas Shooting. Festival attendees described a scene filled with chaos and confusion.
O.J. Simpson Released From Nevada Prison. Simpson won his parole in July after 9 years in prison.
Snapchat Videos Show Couple Shooting Up Houston Neighborhoods. \They were dumb enough to post these publicly with a tagged location,\ said a Reddit user who reported the videos to police.
High School Football Team Forfeits Entire Season Amid OxyContin Scandal. Several players are accused of taking the pills before a game.
'Hatchet Man' Suspect Could Have Ties To Murder Of Teen Hikers, Police Say. Cops are trying to determine if the man has links to the February slayings of 13-year-old Abigail Williams and 14-year-old Liberty German.
Police Arrest Suspect in Decades-Old Killer Clown Case. Sheila Keen Warren -- now married to the victim's husband -- is accused of fatally shooting Marlene Warren while wearing the creepy disguise.
Navy Hospital Staffers Removed After Sharing Disturbing Photos Of Newborns. \u201cIt\u2019s outrageous, unacceptable, incredibly unprofessional, and cannot be tolerated.\u201d
Man Shot Dead By Oklahoma City Cop Was Deaf (UPDATED). Neighbors shouted at the officer that 35-year-old Magdiel Sanchez could not hear his commands.
Neighbor Opens Fire As Father In Clown Mask Chases Child. The dad said he wanted to scare his daughter into behaving, but she ran screaming into a stranger's home.
St. Louis Riot Police Break Up Protest Over Acquittal Of Former Cop. Demonstrators broke windows and attempted to block a ramp to an interstate highway, police and witnesses said.
A College Security Officer Said He was Shot By A \Black Man In A Hoodie.\ Turns Out He Shot Himself. This is more than simply filing a false police report. Brent Ahlers, a 25-year-old security guard employed by St. Catherine
2 Florida Men Accused Of Stealing Enormous Power Pole After Irma. Police in Jacksonville found the gigantic pipe strapped to the roof of a vehicle.
1 Dead, 3 Injured After Student Opens Fire At Washington State High School. Law enforcement officials said one student died while trying to stop the shooter.
Martin Shkreli Jailed Over Hillary Clinton Post. Shkreli was convicted in August of defrauding investors of two hedge funds he ran.
Equifax Clarifies Policy After Outcry Over Consumers' Legal Rights Following Hack. When the company offered victims of the hack a free service, many pointed out a problematic clause in its terms of use.
Realtor Who Vanished During Harvey Found Dead, Ex-Husband Arrested. Crystal McDowell was last seen the day before the storm ravaged the area.
Pregnant Employee Allegedly Kicked During Brawl At Texas Popeyes. \u201cIf you see someone is pregnant, you\u2019re not going to hit them. I don\u2019t get that,\ the store owner said.
Car Slams Into 3 People On Massachusetts Sidewalk (GRAPHIC VIDEO). All of the victims are expected to recover.
Idaho Police Department Thanks 'Heroic' Nurse For Standing Up To Utah Cop. \u201cProtecting the rights of others is truly a heroic act.\u201d
Aspiring Pastor Accused Of Murdering Wife Blames It On Cough Syrup. \u201cI have blood all over me, and there\u2019s a bloody knife on the bed. And I think I did it,\u201d the man told a 911 dispatcher.
What Legal Recourse Do You Have As A Victim Of Binary Options Fraud?. Binary options fraud is everywhere. The industry has been turned upside down, with many countries banning binary options
Officer Who Arrested Utah Nurse In Viral Video Is Now Under Criminal Investigation. The nurse refused to let Detective Jeff Payne take blood from an unconscious patient without having a warrant.
30 Detainees Suspected Of Using Underground Tunnel To Illegally Enter U.S.. Border Patrol agents uncovered the hidden tunnel while arresting the recently smuggled suspects.
Probe Launched After Fatal Police Shooting Of Woman Who Threatened Suicide. The Broward County Sheriff\u2019s Office said 28-year-old Kristen Ambury was armed. But details of the tragedy remain scarce.
Teen Who Streamed Sister's Death Says She Wanted To Pay For Funeral. \It was the only way my sister would get a decent burial.\
'Disgruntled Employee' Shoots 1 Dead, Takes Hostages In Charleston. A man entered a restaurant holding a weapon and reportedly declared, \I am the new king of Charleston.\
Mom Accused Of Murdering Daughter She Placed For Adoption. A nearly 3-week search ended when a cadaver dog led police to a burn pile at the family farm.
Car Thief Busted After Braking To Watch Eclipse, Buy Eye Mask. \He never saw it coming,\ authorities said of his arrest.
Man Who Shot Judge Is Father Of Steubenville Football Player Convicted In 2012 Rape Case. Judge Joseph J. Bruzzese Jr. is expected to recover.
Texas Babysitter Coerced 4-Year-Old Boy To Perform Sex Acts On Her. Esmeralda Medellin, 18, has been arrested and charged with aggravated sexual assault.
2 Florida Officers Killed In One Of Several Shootings Of US Law Enforcement. \u201cLet me be very clear - last night\u2019s violence against our law enforcement community is reprehensible and has no place in our state.\u201d
Charles Manson Gets A New Mug Shot. The wrinkles on Manson's face make his swastika tattoo stand out.
Police Stood By As Mayhem Mounted in Charlottesville. State police and national guardsmen watched passively for hours as self-proclaimed Nazis engaged in street battles with counter-protesters.
Heather Heyer 'Murdered While Protesting Against Hate' In Charlottesville, Friends Say. \u201cIf you\u2019re not outraged, you\u2019re not paying attention,\u201d read Heyer's last public post on Facebook.
2 Killed When Police Helicopter Crashes While Responding To Charlottesville Riot. The crash happened seven miles from the white supremacy rally.
'Beautiful Moment Ripped Away' As Car Plows Into Anti-Racist Group In Charlottesville, 1 Dead. \These terrorists aren't trolls -- they're terrorists,\ a witness said.
Woman Survives 7-Story Plunge From Parking Garage In BMW. Authorities just released the shocking video.
Girl Hospitalized After Getting Boiling Water Poured On Face At Sleepover. Her 12-year-old alleged attacker has been charged with assault.
Man Arrested After Woman Seen Knocked In Path Of London Bus. A 50-year-old man was taken into custody two days after the video was released to the public.
Toronto Father Shocked By Racist Message On His SUV. The victim, a Canadian citizen originally from Hong Kong, said he's moving.
Weekend Sailing Trip Leaves 3 Texas Boy Scouts Dead. The boat may have hit a power line stretching across the lake, electrocuting the Scouts.
Two Baltimore Murders Break 72-Hour Ceasefire. The city had recorded a record 204 homicides for the first seven months of the year.
Airline Passenger Helps Nab Alleged Child Molesters After Seeing Texts. A preschool teacher seated behind a man reported seeing him send \disturbing\ text messages about children, police said.
Minnesota Governor Calls Mosque Bombing An Act Of Terrorism. No one was injured in the blast at the Islamic center in Bloomington.
Mother Of 3 Fatally Shoots Gang Member Inside Her Home. \u201cI hate that someone had to lose their life, but he shouldn\u2019t have come and brought his ass in my house, excuse my language.\u201d
Amanda Knox Says Woman Who Told Boyfriend To Kill Himself Needs Sympathy, Not Prison. Much like Michelle Carter, Knox was once cast as a \femme fatale\ in a high-profile case.
8-Year-Old Girl Dies After Drinking Boiling Water On Dare. She'd reportedly watched a \hot water challenge\ video.
Video Shows Texas Police Officer Being Struck By A Car, Flung Into The Air. Fort Worth Officer Matt Lesell was able to get himself off the highway and detain the driver who'd hit him.
Cops Say Florida Man Set Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend On Fire In Front Of Her 2 Young Kids. Noel Grullon, 32, fled the scene after the alleged attack.
Baltimore Prosecutor Throws Out 34 Cases After Officer Caught Allegedly Planting Drugs. Body cam footage appeared to show one officer planting drugs at a crime scene, while two other officers looked on.
Indiana Officer Fatally Shot By Man In Overturned Car He Was Trying To Save. In 2015, Lt. Aaron Allan was recognized as officer of the year.
Teen Driver Accused Of Livestreaming Crash That Killed Younger Sister. \u201cI f**king killed my sister, OK? I know I\u2019m going to jail for life,\ she said in footage after the suspected DUI crash.
Video Shows 'Heroic' Starbucks Customer Taking Down Armed Robber With Metal Chair. Cregg Jerri, 58, had been minding his own business in a California Starbucks when the would-be robber walked in wielding a knife and fake gun.
Father Of Colorado Teen Dylan Redwine Arrested For His Son's 2012 Death. Mark Redwine's arrest comes nearly five years after his 13-year-old son vanished during a court-ordered visit.
10 People Dead In 'Human Trafficking' Case In Texas Parking Lot. Dozens of others found suffering from heat-related ailments in what San Antonio Police Chief William McManus calls a \horrific tragedy.\
9-Year-Old And Anti-Violence Activist Fatally Shot During Deadly Weekend In Chicago. More than 40 people were shot in the city from Friday to Sunday morning.
Man Confronts N.J. Officer Searching Van Apparently Without Permission. The undated video shows a plainclothes officer walking away when the man filming the incident questions him.
What Don Diva Magazine Means To The Incarcerated. Guys used to come up to me on the yard and try to convince me that I needed to write about them. They would bring newspaper
At Least 3 Dead, Several Injured In 7-Alarm Fire At Honolulu High-Rise. People were reportedly trapped in the building more than an hour after the fire department arrived. The cause is not yet known.
Amsterdam Airbnb Host Accused Of Pushing South African Down Stairs Is Arrested. The filmmaker says he was angry over a missed checkout time and told her \This isn't Africa\ before shoving her.
Second Person In Custody In Connection With Killing Of 4 In Pennsylvania. Cosmo DiNardo has already confessed to his involvement in their deaths.
Child's Casket Containing Human Organs Found On Pennsylvania Sidewalk. \It looked like something straight out of 'Thriller,'\ a witness said.
Colorado Man Allegedly Shoots Son Dead After Mistaking Him For Intruder. Frank Leo Huner Jr. faces a second-degree murder charge.
Here's How Quickly Your 4th Of July Bonfire Could Go Badly Wrong. YIKES!
10 Injured As Taxi Hits Pedestrians Near Boston Airport. State police say they believe the incident was not intentional.
California Boy's Body Found After His Dad Is Extradited To Face Murder Charges. Aramazd Andressian's lawyer cautions against \rush to judgement.\
Florida Man Accidentally Shoots Himself In Penis After Sitting On Gun. Cedrick Jelks, 38, may face criminal charges for possession of the firearm.
Pennsylvania Man Charged With Murdering Teen In 'Savage' Road Rage Incident. The victim had just graduated from high school.
Dozens Injured In Mass Shooting At Arkansas Nightclub. \u201cOn a Fourth of July weekend, where we wish to anticipate having fun with our friends and family, this is certainly a terrible, terrible tragedy.\
Tracy Sin-Yee Tam Identified As Doctor Gunned Down By Former Employee At Bronx Hospital. She was covering a shift for another coworker.
5 Years After Miller v. Alabama, Looking To The States For Justice. Five years ago this week, as another term of the United States Supreme Court was coming to an end, I can still recall the
Man Cited For Driving Motorcycle Through Crowd Of Trumpcare Protesters. The suspect was the administrator of a \u201cWhite Privilege Club\u201d Facebook group, where he called his wife a \u201cslant eye import.\
Dad Of Missing 5-Year-Old California Boy Arrested On Suspicion Of Murder. Aramazd Andressian is being held in a Vegas jail two months after his child vanished.
America\u2019s Incarceration Crisis. In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence\u201d for KCRW, Robert Scheer speaks with James Forman Jr. The Yale Law School
Ex-Vanderbilt Football Player Found Guilty In Gang Rape Of Unconscious Student. Surveillance footage showed four men carrying the unconscious victim into a dorm room.
84 Great Danes Rescued In New Hampshire In 'Worst' Squalor. \My heart is breaking for these dogs,\ Humane Society worker says.
Alabama Executes Inmate First Sentenced To Death 34 Years Earlier. On May 26, 75-year-old Tommy Arthur died by lethal injection in Alabama\u2019s Holman Correctional Facility, ending a decades
U.S. Department Of Education Increases Fines For Violating Jeanne Clery Act Campus Safety Law To $54,789. The U.S. Department of Education increased fines for violations of the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy
Trucker's Scarily Close Call Shows Just Why Stop Signs Must Be Obeyed. A \few seconds either way and the outcome could have been terrible,\u201d he says.
5 Key Takeaways From Week 1 Of The Bill Cosby Trial. Accuser Andrea Constand broke her silence in powerful testimony.
Toddlers Die After 'Intentionally' Left In Car By Teenage Mom. Witnesses reported they heard the kids crying and told her to bring them in.
Our Message Against Anti-Muslim Hate On San Bernardino's Hallowed Ground. Introduction Good morning, and thank you so very, very much for the privilege of speaking to you in peace today away from
Subway Worker Remains Totally Chill, Tells Robber To 'Get A Job'. \I don\u2019t know what took over me.\
An Open Letter To The American Correctional Association Regarding The Plymouth County Correctional Facility. Lannette C. Linthicum President of the Executive Committee of American Correctional Association 206 N. Washington Street
Finance Worker Allegedly Said He Fatally Stabbed His Small Pet Dog In Self-Defense. Cops say they found only two small scratches on his arms.
Key Witnesses In A California Jailhouse Snitch Scandal Refuse to Testify. As sheriff's department officials clam up, the sentencing in an Orange County massacre remains mired in misconduct.
This Law Lets Abused Animals Get Their Own Advocates In Court. Connecticut is the first state to pass this kind of legislation, a professor says.
Kentucky Governor's Crime Plan. \u201cPrayer WILL change things,\u201d Matt Bevin vows.
Cops Catch Man They Say Stole Wedding Ring From Portland Stabbing Victim. The suspect was seen after the attack with the victim's backpack.
Hours Of Bodycam Footage From Orlando Pulse Nightclub Shooting Released. \Let me see your hands now or you will die!\ an officer can be heard shouting.
Four Things Mayor Ted Wheeler Can Do Today To Make Portland Less Racist. Does he have the will?
Missing Louisiana Teen's Sister. Jacquelyn \Daisy Lynn\ Landry vanished after leaving home to walk to a friend's house last week.
Poodle 'In Good Health' After Found Locked Inside Discarded Suitcase. A dog walker is credited with finding the little animal, since named Donut.
Teen Targeted In Portland Hate Attack Thanks Men Who Died Defending Her. \Without them, we probably would be dead right now,\ Destinee Mangum said.
Suspect In Custody After Killing Spree Leaves 8 Dead In Mississippi. The alleged gunman was involved in a domestic violence dispute with his estranged wife.
The Killings Of Two Good Samaritans In Portland Can Only Be Called Domestic Terrorism. As a minister in the United Church of Christ living just blocks from the incident, I am left sickened.
Portland Hate Killer Ranted About Stabbings And Muslims On Facebook Amid Rising U.S. Hate Crime. Jeremy Joseph Christian faces a judge Tuesday in connection with the killings.
2 Men Stabbed To Death Standing Up To Muslim Hate In Portland. Police arrested a 35-year-old man with white supremacist ties after the attack.
2 Pennsylvania Drug Counselors Die Of Opioid Overdoses. \Opioids are a monster that is slowly consuming our population,\ the D.A. says.
Woman Maced 3 Wendy's Employees For Serving Stale Fries, Police Say. Where's the beef? With the fries!
Former Neo-Nazi Tells Cops He Killed 2 Friends Who 'Disrespected' His New Islamic Faith. Devon Arthurs said he had \a common neo-Nazi belief\ with his roommates before he converted, according to Tampa police.
Sing Sing Prisoners Redefine 'Paying A Debt To Society'. With an overwhelming 2.2 million people behind bars, it\u2019s tempting to focus reform efforts on those convicted of non-violent
Man Arrested After Attempting To Breach Cockpit During Flight To Honolulu. Police say the suspect had been drinking. FBI escorted him off the plane in handcuffs.
Attackers Sentenced To 3 Years In Prison For Hate Crime Against Sikh Man. \u201cI hope that you will learn about me and my community and one day consider me you brother too,\u201d the victim told his assailants in court.
Cops Could Soon Use 'Phone Breathalyzers' To Catch Texting Drivers. The \textalyzer\ would scan your phone for usage after a crash.
Designer Carolina Herrera's Nephew Killed In Kidnapping. Herrera blasts \carnage and murders\ in her native Venezuela.
K9 Officer Kasper Stable After Taking Bullet For Partner During Shootout. He's a very good boy.
Engineer In Deadly 2015 Amtrak Crash Charged With Manslaughter. Brandon Bostian faces eight counts of involuntary manslaughter and numerous counts of reckless endangerment.
U.S. Customs Officers Allegedly Assaulted Coworkers In 'Rape Table' Ritual. One victim says it's too extreme to be called \hazing.\
Suicide Suspected In Death Of Army Vet Charged With Executing Her Dog On Video. Marinna Rollins and her boyfriend were accused of tying the pit bull to a tree and shooting it several times.
San Diego Police Fatally Shoot 15-Year-Old Who Was Holding A BB Gun. Police said the officers \feared for their safety\ before striking him \multiple times.\
Cops Find Doctors Slain Inside Boston Penthouse After Shootout With Suspect. A search of the couple\u2019s home reportedly found blood on the walls as well as a scrawled message of retribution.
Fraternity And Members Face Hundreds Of Charges In Timothy Piazza Hazing Death. Timothy Piazza fell accidentally, but frat brothers are accused of failing to seek help and covering up what happened.
Uber Faces Criminal Probe Over Software Used To Evade Authorities. The criminal probe adds to the problems facing the struggling company.
New Yorker Accused Of Hate Crime In Attack On Asian Man While Yelling 'White Power'. The racist assault on a Manhattan street appeared to be random.
'Active Shooter' At Texas' North Lake College Dies In Apparent Murder-Suicide. Police say the gunman fatally shot one person and then killed himself.
3 Dead, More Than A Dozen Injured After Car Speeds Through Massachusetts Auto Auction. Police say there is no evidence at this point to suggest the crash was intentional.
Missing U.S. Marine Vet, Canadian Girlfriend Found Strangled In Belize. Drew DeVoursney, 36, and Francesca Matus, 52, had been missing for nearly a week.
Synthetic Pot Use Poses A Big Problem For Bureau Of Prisons. Federal prisons are not the only penal institutions fighting synthetic marijuana.
Passengers Brawl TWICE On All Nippon Airways Jet Bound For Los Angeles. Just once wasn't enough!?
Wrong-Way Driver Crashes Into Tanker, Igniting Massive Fireball. The tanker's driver reportedly escaped with only minor injuries.
1 Dead, 7 Injured In Shooting At San Diego-Area Swimming Pool. The shooter had \a beer in one hand and a gun in the other,\ one witness said.
1 Dead, 3 Hurt In Stabbing On UT Austin Campus. A suspect with a large hunting knife was captured.
At Least 10 Dead, More Injured, After Tornadoes, Floods And Storms Sweep Midwestern And Southern U.S.. The death toll is expected to rise as recovery efforts continue.
Deadly Tornadoes Rip Through Texas As Floods Threaten Midwest. At least 4 people were reported killed.
Texas Cop Accused Of Staging His Own Death, May Be In Mexico. Officer Coleman Martin bought a raft, cement blocks and rope - but it's all a ruse, police say.
Survivalist Sentenced To Death For Murder Of Pennsylvania State Trooper. Eric Frein was convicted of murder after the fatal shooting of a state trooper and a massive manhunt in Pennsylvania.
Watch Hero Cop's Narrow Rescue Of Man Jumping From 6th Floor. Just in the nick of time.
Up To 60 Robbers Storm BART Train In Flash Mob Hold-Up. They took travelers' valuables and were gone in 30 seconds.
Arkansas Plans To Execute 2 Convicted Killers On Monday. The last time a state executed two inmates on the same day was 2000 in Texas.
Hero Firefighter Rescues 4-Year-Old Girl After She Falls From A Moving Bus. Ryan Ciampoli was driving directly behind the bus when his dash cam filmed the horrifying scene.
Man Allegedly Lights Stranger On Fire At Denny's. \It wouldn\u2019t be that bad, could it?\u2019 No, it\u2019s worse.\
Arkansas Court Allows Execution Drug Hours Ahead Of Lethal Injection. The decision came three hours before the state planned to execute Ledell Lee.
Rape Victims In U.S. Made To Pay Part Of The Medical Bill. \u201cWith other violent crimes, victims are not responsible for paying for the damage that results from the crime.\
City Council Candidate Accused Of Sending 'Obscene' Messages To Lawmaker's Wife. \I hope one of your kids gets raped.\
Mom Wants Justice For Boy Who Killed Himself After Social Media Hoax. Tyson Benz's mother says a 13-year-old girl charged in connection with her son's death is not facing a harsh enough punishment.
Despite Rulings, Arkansas Governor And AG Vow To Pursue Executions. \u201cThe families have waited far too long to see justice, and I will continue to make that a priority.\u201d
California Man Charged In Security Guard Slaying Kills 3 More Before Capture, Cops Say. Kori Ali Muhammad made Facebook posts with anti-government sentiments, police said.
Drunk Man Allegedly Punches Sikh Cab Driver In New York And Steals His Turban. The NYPD is investigating the assault, which took place just hours after a \Turban Day\ celebration in Times Square, as a possible hate crime.
Etan Patz's Killer Sentenced To At Least 25 Years In Prison. Pedro Hernandez was convicted for the infamous 1979 New York abduction of the child on the milk carton.
Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks After Being Groped By Stranger, Police Say. \u201cIt\u2019s that nightmare every woman has in New York,\ the 22-year-old said of the attack.
Shark Kills Teen Surfing With Family Off Western Australia's Coast. A medium-sized great white had been spotted in the area twice in the past week.
Blackhawk Army Helicopter Crashes On Golf Course, Injuring Two People. \u201cIt disappeared behind the tree line, and then we heard a big bang,\u201d a witness said.
New United Airlines Policy Scraps Last-Minute Boarding for Crew Members. \u201cThis ensures situations like Flight 3411 never happen again,\u201d a spokeswoman said.
DNA Swab Nabs Suspect In Vanessa Marcotte's Killing. Police say he is being held on a $10 million bail.
Cleveland Police Search For Suspect In Facebook Video Killing. The suspect is accused of taking the life of an elderly man who just happened to cross his path.
Rotating Restaurant Crushes Young Boy To Death. The tragic accident happened just a few feet from his family's table.
Decades Of Sexual Abuse At Elite Connecticut School Documented In Report. The abuse, which involves at least 12 faculty members, date back to the 1960s.
Wisconsin Man Accused Of Sending Manifesto To Trump Arrested After Manhunt. Joseph Jakubowski, 32, was taken into custody on Friday morning.
These Are The 7 Men Scheduled To Be Executed In Arkansas This Month. An in-depth look at the inmates the state is rushing to put to death.
Terrifying Video Shows 2 Bullets Narrowly Missing 4-Year-Old Girl's Head. A man upset with a neighboring business was charged.
Passenger Disarms Knife Attacker On London Bus In Dramatic Struggle. \You'll never take my life!\
Bungling Bicycle-Riding Robbery Suspect Is Foiled By Wet Weather. Oops!
Cops Hunt Accused Gun Thief Who Sent Anti-Government Manifesto To Trump. \It's time for change,\ the suspect says in a video shared by police.
Charleston Church Shooter Dylann Roof Pleads Guilty To State Murder Charges. Roof was charged in state court with murdering nine African-American parishioners as they closed their eyes in prayer at a Bible study session.
Sheriff Wants To Make It Hard For Heroin Dealers To Sleep At Night In Bizarre Video. \u201cWe are coming for you. Run.\
Hacker Blamed For Setting Off 156 Dallas Emergency Sirens. Alarms blared for more than 90 minutes as worried callers clogged 911 centers.
Second Victim Dies After Shooting At Florida Gym. The accused assailant, a former employee, shot himself after opening fire.
Escort Who Gave Google Exec Fatal Heroin Shot To Be Deported To Canada. Alix Tichelman's crimes are \grounds for removal,\ an immigration judge rules after the Canadian citizen is freed from prison.
Indian Cops Arrest Alleged Kingpin Behind U.S. Tax Scam. The scam reportedly targeted thousands of Americans, netting more than $300 million.
Woman Accused Of Choking Teen Who Blocked View Of Disney Fireworks. A Michigan woman's Magic Kingdom fairy tale took a dark turn this week, according to Florida police.
His Son-In-Law Was Killed. Exactly 24 Years Later, He Confessed. \I think his conscience was bothering him,\ the sheriff said.
Jeweler Ordered To Pay $34,500 For Trashing Rival In Fake Yelp Review. \u201cHe told the people we were thieves, that we were cold-blooded thieves.\
Man Arrested After Shooting At Fiancee's Attempted Abductors. \If these guys come back I'm afraid to call police,\ the victim said. \They're not on our side.\
Girl Reports Escaping Kidnapper By Jumping From Truck Onto Highway. The 13-year-old told deputies that she had been sexually assaulted and injected with meth after being offered a ride.
New Jersey Teen Admits He Plotted To Kill Pope Francis During U.S. Visit. The 17-year-old could face up to 15 years behind bars.
Cops Foot $55,000 Bill For Cell Phone They Gave To Burglar. Oops!
Man Charged With Killing Showering Intruder. Bruce Fanning left to get his gun, but didn't call the police until after he shot an elementary school teacher three times.
College Student Dies After Choking During Pancake-Eating Contest. Her death \was a tragic accident,\ police say.
Mob Attacks Teen Asylum-Seeker In London, Leading To Multiple Arrests. Police said the attackers asked Kurdish-Iranian teen Reker Ahmed where he was  from before beating him.
Police Arrest 14-Year-Old In Sexual Assault Streamed On Facebook Live. An arrest warrant has also been issued for a 15-year-old boy, Chicago police announced Sunday.
Homeowner Arrested For Murder After Shooting Intruder In Shower. Authorities said the homeowner left to get a gun and then shot him multiple times before calling 911.
Carbon Monoxide Leak At Hotel Pool Leaves 1 Teen Dead, 12 People Hospitalized. Hotel staff found several youths lying motionless on the pool's deck after CO levels reached 16 times the safe limit.
Louisiana Deputy Gets 40 Years In Prison For Killing Boy. Derrick Stafford was convicted in the 2015 killing of a 6-year-old boy who died in a volley of gunfire after the officer chased his father\u2019s car.
Portion Of Atlanta Highway Collapses After Fire. No casualties have been reported.
Mother Watches As Her Sons, 2 Others Gunned Down In Chicago Restaurant. A lone gunman opened fire just before 4 p.m. at the Nadia Fish and Chicken restaurant in the South Shore neighborhood.
Video Shows Officer Casually Ignoring Gunshot Call. \I know I got to go,\ the Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy says, \but I\u2019m not going to go.\
A Serial Killer Dubbed The 'Angel of Death' Dies After Prison Beating. The former nurse's aid was serving multiple life sentences after admitting to killing three dozen people.
Someone Abandoned 2 Sick Foals In A Field And Left Them To Die. Thankfully, the ponies were found in time and are now well on the road to recovery.
Police Thwart Plot To Steal Enzo Ferrari\u2019s Remains From His Tomb. Members of a criminal gang allegedly wanted to hold his body for ransom.
Police Arrest Man Suspected Of Vandalizing Colorado Mosque. Joseph Scott Giaquinto is suspected of throwing rocks and a Bible through the mosque's glass doors over the weekend.
Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say. The suspect walked directly to the stockroom, where she allegedly filled a box with dozens of iPhones.
2 Miami Police Officers Shot In Ambush-Style Attack. \u201cThey were outnumbered and outgunned.\
Oklahoma Man Fatally Shoots 3 Alleged Teen Home Intruders. \This may be a case of \u2018stand-your-ground,\u2019\ a sheriff's spokesman said.
Police Thwart 'Attack Much Like Columbine' After Man Reads Daughter's Journal. \u201cThere\u2019s no doubt in our minds that we averted disaster there,\u201d the sheriff said.
Ex-Prosecutor Accused Of Wiretapping Married Cop She Wanted To Romance. Tara Lenich plotted a \long-running scheme\ to forge court documents to spy on her would-be lover and a co-worker.
Firefighters Battle Major Building Fire In Oakland, Calif.. Firefighters reported at least one person is believed to be dead.
Shooting Inside Packed Cincinnati Nightclub Kills One Person And Wounds 15. Authorities believe multiple gunmen were involved in the Sunday morning shooting, which grew out of \some kind of dispute\ inside the bar, Police Chief Eliot Isaac said.
Man Sentenced To 5 Years In Prison For Taping Dog's Mouth Shut. The puppy underwent reconstructive surgery after her muzzle was painfully bound with electrical tape.
Shotgun-Wielding Mom Scares Off Would-Be Intruder Banging Down Her Door. \He was running for his life and kept looking back.\
Fire Consumes North Dakota Church Owned By White Supremacist. Craig Cobb, who recently bought the historic property, claims the fire was \u201c100 percent arson.\u201d
Book Burning Sparked Florida Wildfire That Destroyed 10 Homes. Nearly 400 acres has been swept up by the blaze near Jacksonville, Florida.
Cops Hunt Teacher Accused Of Abducting Student. A massive manhunt is underway for Tad Cummins, who allegedly abducted 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas.
Driver Detained At White House After Alleged Car Bomb Threat. A robot was reportedly brought in to inspect the vehicle on Saturday night.
San Diego Debuts Mouth Swabs To Help Detect Drivers With Pot In Their System. But authorities haven't defined what level of drugs is over the line.
Dramatic Surveillance Video Shows Kidnapped Woman Escape Car Trunk. The kidnapper had been driving to ATMs, withdrawing money from his victim's account.
Oklahoma Senator Who Endorsed Trump Faces Child Prostitution Charges. Sen. Ralph Shortey was under investigation after he was allegedly found in a motel room with a boy last week.
Somebody Donated A Cooler Filled With Weed To Goodwill. Either it was an accident, or someone was feeling VERY generous.
New Mexico Library Accuses Couple Of Urinating On Qurans. Staffers say several copies of the religious book and a Bill Clinton autobiography were damaged.
City Seizes Family Dog Of 10 Years, Alleging He May Be Part Wolf (UPDATE). If a DNA test finds Capone is a wolf hybrid, he could be sent away or euthanized.
Aspiring Cop Allegedly Admits To Sexual Assault During Job Interview. He allegedly told officers he filmed an encounter with a passed-out victim.
Cruise Ship Comes Within Feet Of Colliding With Jet Skiers. Shouts of \u201cOh my God! Oh my God! No, get in!\u201d are heard in video footage.
Video Shows Biker Gang Pounding Driver On California Highway. Police are searching for more than a dozen suspects involved in the attack.
Gunman Robs Florida Blood Bank, Tells Staff He's Hungry. The suspect fled with an undisclosed amount of cash.
Newsweek, ABC '20/20' Reports Expose Abuse, Torture Of Gay Youths And Troubled Teens. \u201cOnce again, Alabama law enforcement has failed to protect children.\u201d
Man Who Allegedly Impersonated Justin Bieber Charged With More Than 900 Sex Crimes. The 42-year-old faces charges including rape and indecent treatment of children.
Tim Kaine's Son Arrested For Allegedly Rioting At Pro-Trump Rally. \u201cWe love that our three children have their own views and concerns about current political issues,\u201d his father said.
Florida Man Arrested For Keying Swastikas Onto Cars. Police also accused the suspect of slashing 100 bike tires.
At Least 4 Dead After Train Struck Bus Carrying Senior Citizens In Mississippi. \u201cIt\u2019s a terrible, chaotic scene,\u201d the local police chief said.
Police Probe Reports Of Armed Creepy Clowns Scaring Children. A dad reports seeing one gunman and a man with a pipe running away in suburban Pittsburgh.
Supreme Court Sides With Latino Man Who Says He Didn't Get a Fair Trial. Miguel Pena Rodriguez says that a juror's racist remarks are proof he was denied a fair trial.
Missing Indianapolis Woman Found Dead Near River. Jacqueline Watts' body was found less than a mile from her car, which was left running with its flashers on, police said.
Sikh Man, Recovering After Gunshot, Was Allegedly Told To 'Get Out Of Our Country'. Police in Washington state are investigating Friday's shooting as a possible hate crime.
Report. Photos of the service members were reportedly shared on a closed Facebook page.
Masked Man Grabs Reporter On Live TV. The reporter shared the clip, hoping to find his assailant.
Crocodile Stoned To Death By Visitors At Tunis Zoo. \You cannot imagine what animals endure,\ says vet.
2 Inmates Reportedly Killed In Nebraska Prison Disturbance. The deaths were described as murders but did not provide details about the incident.
University Student With Peanut Allergy Was Hazed With Peanut Butter, Mom Says. Teresa Seely said her son could have died from the alleged prank.
Orlando Gunman's Widow To Be Released From Jail. She was charged in January, six months after her late husband opened fire at Pulse nightclub.
Shot Fired Through Indiana Synagogue Was Meant To 'Instill Fear,' Rabbi Says. \u201cThis is an individual just trying to make us afraid,\u201d said Rabbi Gary Mazo.
U.S. Muslim Vets Vow To Defend Jewish Centers Under Siege. Surge of hate crimes is also bringing Americans together.
Hate Crime Charged In Face-Biting Attack After Barrage of Anti-Muslim Slurs. The ugly altercation in Virginia is part of a surging tide of incidents across the nation.
Man Who Intervened In Shooting Of Indian Engineers Delivers Powerful Message Of Hope. \u201cI was more than happy to risk my life to save the lives of others,\ said Ian Grillot.
Georgia Duo Sentenced To Years In Prison For Terrorizing Birthday Party With Confederate Flag. The pair faced some of the most serious charges out of 15 members of the group \u201cRespect the Flag\u201d indicted over the incident.
Cosby's Legal Team Secures Imported Jury, Blames Press For Creating Bias. The case is the only criminal prosecution resulting from accusations by more than four dozen women.
Truck Slams Into Mardi Gras Parade Crowd In New Orleans, Injuring Dozens. Police said the driver was \highly intoxicated.\
Dozens Of Gravestones Toppled, Broken At Philadelphia Jewish Cemetery. The incident follows a wave of anti-Semitic acts in the U.S.
Drug Abuse Counselor Sentenced For Driving Drunk With Victim On Her Windshield. The woman drove 2 miles with a dying man on her car in 2012.
New York Police Link Hate Crime Surge To Presidential Campaign. Mayor Bill de Blasio blames Trump's \horrible, hateful rhetoric.\
Magician Found Dead Inside Hollywood's Iconic Magic Castle. Daryl Easton, 61, was due to perform at the private club when he was found dead, employees say.
Tech Consultant Arrested For Murder After Wife Vanishes During Cruise. Maritime authorities alerted police after noticing the mom was missing during a head count of disembarking passengers.
Police Raid On Cold War-Era Nuclear Bunker Yields $1.2 Million Worth Of Weed. \u201cAlmost every single room had been converted for the wholesale production of cannabis plants.\
GoFundMe Raises Over $160,000 For Family Of Man Killed In Apparent Hate Crime. The victim \was a brilliant, budding engineer who had a bright future ahead of him.\
Protests Erupt After Video Shows Off-Duty LAPD Cop Firing A Gun In Dispute With Teen. The white off-duty officer confronted the Latino boy after he walked across his property, police say.
Police Save Puppy From Overdosing On Heroin. Lucky was \pretty close to checking out.\
Michigan Teen Believes Shirt Was Left On Her Car Windshield As A Trap. Police said they \can\u2019t definitively say whether kidnapping or abduction was the end goal.\
Former Neurosurgeon Who Maimed Patients Sentenced To Life In Prison. Christopher Duntsch operated and people were left paralyzed. Two died.
'No Evidence' Of Shooting At Houston's Ben Taub Hospital, Chief Says. The hospital was given an \u201call clear.\
Sometimes, Locking Kids Up Makes Matters Worse. In an ideal world, correctional institutions should aim to rehabilitate young offenders. When this works, youth make gains
Schoolkids Face Charges After Trump's Motorcade Is Hit With Wood. A group of middle schoolers in Palm Beach, Florida, allegedly plotted tossing the two-by-four block.
Video Shows Officers Recovering Missing Toddler In Bushes Near Home. A K9 is credited with leading the officers to the 2-year-old boy.
Man Dies After Breaching TSA Checkpoint At Honolulu Airport. The man was unarmed and did not have a plane ticket.
Video Captures Courthouse Beating Of Inmate Accused of Killing Chicago Child. The girl's fatal shooting was one of three child killings in the city in just days.
Someone Dumped 1,000 Tiny Chicks In A Field And Left Them To Die. \I have never seen anything like it, it was just a sea of yellow. And the noise was unbelievable.\
Man Convicted Of Killing His First Family Pleads Guilty To Slaying His Second. Gregory Green, who served 16 years for murder, has confessed to another brutal crime.
The Bizarre Plot To Blow Up Target Stores To Tank Company Stock. The suspect disguised bombs in packages of breakfast bars, pasta and stuffing mix, authorities say.
Video Shows Officers Pepper-Spraying Restrained Man Who Says He Can't Breathe. The disturbing video comes six months after another inmate sued the facility after a similar video surfaced.
Wait Till You See How This Brooklyn Jewelry Store Owner Fights Off Robbers. \u201cThere were a bunch of items on display here that I managed to break on their heads,\ he said.
2-Year-Old Killed In Chicago Shooting Streamed On Facebook Live. In four days, three children in Chicago have died because of shootings.
Check Out This Pot-Slinging Catapult Found On Mexico's Border. The contraption was being used to hurl bundles of marijuana into the U.S., officials said.
KKK Leader's Widow And Stepson Charged In His Death. Frank Ancona was shot in the head while he slept, Missouri police say.
The Inevitable Happens After Man Drives Drunk To Police Job Interview. No, he didn't get the role.
Man Returns Stolen Mortuary Van After Finding Body Inside, Police Say. \Out of all the bad decisions he made, he at least made one good one and brought back the deceased person,\ a police spokesman said.
Twin Dies After Fall From Escalator In World Trade Center Transit Hub. Jennifer Santos fell as she was trying to retrieve her sister's hat, said officials.
Cocaine Worth $60 Million Washes Up On Beach. Holdalls containing the drug washed ashore in eastern England on Thursday and Friday.
Woman Dies After Getting Arm Stuck In Donation Box. Investigators believe she had her arm in the bin when her step ladder collapsed.
Ex-DEA Agent Who Lied About Owning Strip Club Avoids Prison Time. He could've faced up to six months in prison for lying about the Twins Plus Go-Go Lounge.
Killing Spree Ends In Deadly Motel Standoff. Suspected killer William Boyette Jr. died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Alleged accomplice Mary Craig Rice was taken into custody.
UK Authorities Disassemble Marijuana Grow Op Found At Legoland. Two blockheads were arrested after setting up a green house near Queen Elizabeth II's Windsor Castle home.
Chicago 'Suitcase Killer' Issues Startling YouTube 'Confession'. Heather Mack appears to exonerate her boyfriend in her mother's murder in Bali.
Cubs Fan Recovering From School Beating Gets Support From First Baseman. Henry Sembdner, 12, was put in a coma after he was allegedly assaulted by a classmate, his family said.
'Drunk And Racist' Man Curses Out 4-Year-Old As He's Booted From Train. The incident cost him more than $1,500.
Remains Found In Shallow Grave Likely Missing College Student. Authorities said \u201ckey pieces of evidence\u201d indicate that they have found Zuzu Verk\u2019s body.
Walmart Customer Fatally Shoots Teen Accused Of Stealing Diapers. The customer said he felt threatened by the suspect and thought he had a weapon.
Florida Dope Haul. Authorities confiscated 5,500 packets in what they say is the biggest haul ever in Hernando County.
Subway Riders Rise Up To Clean Swastikas From New York Train. \Within about two minutes, all the Nazi symbolism was gone.\
Man Arrested In Connection With Death Of New York City Jogger Karina Vetrano. Police don't believe that Chanel Lewis, 20, knew the victim.
Muslim Police Officer Says Fellow Cops Attacked Her, Tried To Rip Off Hijab. She says she endured years of harassment from her colleagues at the NYPD.
Suit Accuses Milwaukee Sheriff Of Abuse Of Power In Airport Incident. Passenger claims he was harassed for shaking his head at the tough-talking lawman.
Delaware Prison Officer Dead After Inmates Hold Staff Hostage. The uprising began midday on Wednesday and lasted overnight.
Hostage Taker Reportedly Blames Trump For Prison Siege. \We know that the institution is going to change for the worse.\
'Sharkwater' Filmmaker Goes Missing During Dive Off Florida Keys. Rob Stewart, who was using rebreathing equipment, disappeared while exploring a shipwreck.
Security Guard Fatally Shoots Unarmed Man Playing Pokemon Go. He played Pokemon Go as a way to connect with his kids and grandkids.
LA Police Kill Suspect In Stabbing Spree. Two victims were in critical condition but the injuries to the third were not life-threatening, police said.
Mom Allegedly Claimed Daughter Was Kidnapped So Cops Would Find Her Car. Turns out, the daughter was at a relative's house all along.
Slain Priest Requests Mercy From The Grave. Years before his homicide, Rev. Rene Robert said he did not want his hypothetical killer to pay the ultimate price.
Alert Florida Students May Have Stopped A Mass Shooting. Some reportedly were warned to skip school or use a \safety word\ to avoid being killed.
Police Suspect Serial Killer In Decades-Old Murder Mystery. The New Hampshire killings of an unidentified woman and three little girls may date from the 1970s.
Texas Executes Man Convicted Of Killing 2 Subway Shop Workers During 2002 Robbery. Edwards was convicted along with co-defendant Kirk Edwards, of killing Mickell Goodwin and Tommy Walker during a robbery.
Florida Cop Accused Of Stealing Money From DUI Suspects. The officer allegedly turned off his body camera before taking money from the suspects' wallets.
6 Shot During Vigil For Homicide Victim In Chicago. A 12-year-old girl was among the victims.
Woman Says Kids Tried To Carjack Her With Highway Dummy. The kids claimed they were just trying to prank an unsuspecting motorist.
Man Accused Of Killing Five People At Florida Airport Indicted On 22 Criminal Counts. Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of opening fire in the baggage claim area of the Fort Lauderdale airport on Jan. 6.
Gunmen 'Execute' Ex-Gang Member Months After Obama Commuted His Sentence. The gunmen who fatally shot Damarlon Thomas remain at large, authorities said.
Sheriff Says Florida Cop Shoved Pills Down Elderly Woman's Throat, Stole Her Dog. The sheriff called the deputy's alleged actions \a disgrace... to law enforcement professionals everywhere.\
Biting Argument Over Trump May Cost Man His Ear. Pittsburgh police said the suspect bit off a \significant portion\ of another man's ear.
Man Is Fatally Shot By Police Responding To Burglary At His Home. \u201cThey shot the wrong guy,\u201d the victim's ex-wife said.
City Sues Pharma Company Over OxyContin Black Market. Everett accuses Purdue Pharmaceuticals of turning a blind eye to boost profits.
Art Thief Busted Seeking Presidential Pardon In Stolen Car. \u201cHe was looking to be pardoned by the Obama administration before the Trump administration came in.\u201d
Florida Mom Allegedly Threatens Day Care Worker With Machete. The suspect currently does not have custody of the kids.
Markeith Loyd, Suspect In Florida Police Officer's Slaying, Captured In Orlando. Loyd is also wanted for the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend.
You Can Help Rebuild A Mosque That Was Burned Down In America. Members of the Seattle area mosque are \overwhelmed\ by the support so far. But they need more.
Man Sentenced To Life In Prison For Raping, Impregnating Child. Rony Otoniel Mendez's sentence does not include the possibility of parole.
Teen Allegedly Kidnapped As Infant Reunites With Parents, 18 Years Later. \It couldn\u2019t have gone better,\ Alexis Manigo\u2019s biological father said.
Year-Old Son of Corrections Officer Shot Dead By Sister. The mother may face charges, police say.
Florida Man Accused Of Repeatedly Sexually Assaulting Pit Bull. A roommate tells police she estimates he abused the family dog 100 times.
Passing Driver Fatally Shoots Gunman Attacking Arizona State Trooper. \I don't know that he would be alive today\ without the help, says chief.
Police Pull Over Swerving Stolen Van, Find Kids With Taped Mouths Inside. There was allegedly a gun on the  floor and the woman driving said she was going into labor.
Temp Worker Charged In Meat Cleaver Attack On Restaurant Owners Who Offered Him A Job. The worker flew into a rage when his bosses asked for ID to put him on the payroll, police said.
Guard Arrested After Beating Of Handcuffed Prisoner Is Caught On Video. Authorities say the officer kicked the inmate's head like \a soccer ball.\
Search For Missing 5-Year-Old Leads To Body In Family's Restaurant. The girl's parents, who reported her missing Monday, now face charges over her death.
Suspect In Custody After Hostage Situation In Alabama Credit Union Office. Several hostages were held in an office near the University of Alabama.
Dylann Roof Offers No Remorse As He Waits For Jury To Determine If He Will Live Or Die. \I felt like I had to do it, and I still feel like I had to do it,\ he said of killing nine black Bible study members in 2015.
Police Horse Dies After Cop Forgets He Tied Him Up With No Food Or Water. Police say vets couldn't determine the neglect was the cause of death.
Michigan Man Outraged After Getting $128 Ticket For Warming Car In Driveway. Taylor Trupiano said he left his car idling for just a few minutes.
Pastor Ripped For Posting Video Of Woman In Wheelchair Towed By Truck. \I want to apologize from the bottom of my heart.\
Florida Airport Shooting Suspect Esteban Santiago Appears In Federal Court. Santiago could face the death penalty if convicted on charges that include carrying out violence at an airport and killing with a firearm.
Slain Teen's Mom And Her Boyfriend Accused Of Carrying Out Vile Fantasy. The two are accused of \unspeakable\ crimes against 14-year-old Grace Packer.
Esteban Santiago Charged In Fort Lauderdale Airport Attack. The FBI said Santiago loaded up in an airport bathroom and came out shooting
Video From Fort Lauderdale Airport Shows Moment Gunman Opened Fire. Without warning, he pulls out a 9mm semi-automatic handgun and fires it repeatedly.
California Killer Is First U.S. Inmate To Have State-Funded Gender Confirmation Surgery. Shiloh Heavenly Quine kidnapped and fatally shot a man in 1980.
Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting Survivor Says He Was Saved By His Laptop. \That would have been my back,\u201d Steve Frappier told CNN's Anderson Cooper.
Police Search For Boyfriend of Woman Found Dead Near Big Sur Car Wreck. Body of Olivia Gonzalez and the couple's two dogs were found by wreckage below Pacific Coast Highway.
Sisters Kicked Off Flight Say They Missed Their Father's Death. \I was saying, \u2018Could you please let me go see my dad? Please, he\u2019s dying.\u2019\u201d
Cops Write Super-Friendly Letter To Wanted Woman. \You don't text, you don't call back and haven't accepted our friend request.\
Man Scales Ski Lift, Frees Friend Hanging By His Neck Above The Snow. The professional slackliner said his skills prepared him perfectly for this.
Officer Caught On Video Punching Woman Resigns. Authorities said the video \clearly depicts\ the officer striking the woman.
Scores Injured After Commuter Train Derails In Brooklyn. It was the second major accident involving New York City\u2019s commuter railroads in the past three months.
Judge Clears Dylann Roof To Represent Himself At Sentencing Phase Of Trial. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty.
Watch A Trucker Use Ninja Moves On Speeding Cellphone Thief. Wow!
Bank Executive's Attempt To Keep DUI Out Of The Paper Backfires Spectacularly. And now it's national news.
Judge Closes Hearing On Roof's Mental Fitness For Self-Representation. The judge also banned relatives of the victims from attending the hearing.
Texas Lawmaker Recovering After Hit By Stray Bullet While Celebrating New Year. \u201cIt felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head,\u201d Rep. Armando Martinez recalled from a hospital.
Teenage Boy Fatally Shoots High School Student In Her Bedroom. The 15-year-old also wounded the victim's mother before turning the gun on himself, police say.
Four Dead In Apparent Murder-Suicide On New Year's Day In South Carolina. Another sobering reminder about the nation's problem with gun violence.
How The U.S. Marshals And Bureau Of Prisons Are Trying To Break My Hunger Strike. He seems surprised by the litany, caught off guard by how fervent I am while in such a weak state. I also sense a beating
Videos Capture Moment Gunman Opens Fire At Istanbul Nightclub. Dozens of victims at the popular hot spot were foreigners.
New Mexico Store Bans 'Obama & Other Muslims'. We get it, you're racist.
Report Criticizes Private Mississippi Prison After Deadly Riot. 
Retired Politician Accused Of Molesting 103-Year-Old Former In-Law. Nursing home workers tell police they saw it more than once.
Police Hunt For California Couple Missing On Big Sur Trip. Their phones went dead the day they left more than a week ago.
Dog Mauls Owners After They Tried To Dress Him In Sweater. It took a tranquilizer gun, beanbag gun and stun gun to subdue the dog.
Former Manson Family Member Patricia Krenwinkel Seeks Parole For 1969 Killings. She has been in prison longer than any other female in California history.
'Serial' Subject Adnan Syed Is Denied Bail Motion. Syed will now stay in prison and wait for the appellate court to decide whether he gets a new trial.
Amazon Refuses To Comply With Police Request In Arkansas Murder Case. Authorities are hoping the e-commerce giant's virtual assistant can provide a breakthrough.
Texas Officer Gives Pot-Smoking Teen A Choice. \We need more cops like this.\
Amazon Echo May Be Sending Its Sound Waves Into The Court Room As Our First 'Smart Witness'. \u201cHey Alexa, will anything I say to you be used against me in a court of law?\u201d \u201cI\u2019m sorry, I cannot answer that question at
Chicago Police Body-Camera Rollout To Be Finished Early. It's a \win-win for officers and the public.\u201d
Security Guard's Home Reportedly Searched In Missing MetLife Employee Case. Authorities were seen removing a mattress from the Berkley, Michigan, residence.
Where Does Chicago Go After More Than 750 Homicides?. The city is wrestling with tough questions amid the highest rate of killings in almost 20 years.
Police Eye Ex-Husband In Anne-Christine Johnson's Disappearance. The missing mom once told authorities she feared her ex would \hurt me or even kill me.\
Police Search For Inmates Who Reportedly Escaped Through Hole Behind Toilet. One of the men is considered dangerous.
Owner Killed, 5 Wounded In New York Nightclub Shooting. The suspect was out on bail on another attempted murder charge.
Parents Apparently Overdose At Home, Baby Daughter Starves To Death Days Later. The Pennsylvania couple likely died within minutes of each other.
Cops Seize Cannabis Plant Decorated As A Christmas Tree. It was dressed with tinsel, twinkling fairy lights and had a golden angel on top.
Steven Avery, Subject Of 'Making A Murderer,' Has A Christmas Message For His Supporters. \Thank you for believing in me,\ he wrote.
Suspect Arrested In Road Rage Death Of 3-Year-Old Boy. Acen King was shot because his grandmother's car \wasn't moving fast enough,\ police said.
Manhattan Apartment Building Catches Fire; At Least 24 Injured. Four of the injured are firefighters.
Ikea Pleads With Teen Pranksters. It all began with a viral video, \Two Idiots at Night in Ikea.\
Man Killed Stepmom While She Watched TV, Police Say. The suspect allegedly planned to break his sister's neck before setting sights on his stepmother.
Death Sentences Decline In U.S. As Public Attitudes Shift. The number of new death sentences in 2016 is expected to hit 30, a low not seen since the U.S. Supreme Court declared existing death penalty statutes unconstitutional in 1972.
Former Reality Show Bride Reported Missing In California. \I'm flipping out,\ her husband says.
Missing MetLife Employee Is 'Victim Of A Crime,' Cops Say. The announcement comes a week after Danielle Stislicki's family told HuffPost they believe she was abducted.
Authorities Say Texas Man Is Hindering Investigation Into Slaying Of Wife, Child. Police say they're unable to \move ahead\ with the case now that the man has lawyered up.
Woman Killed When Giant Tree Topples On California Wedding Party. The tragedy may be linked to drought in the area followed by recent heavy rains.
Road-Rage Shooting Leaves 3-Year-Old Boy Dead, Suspect At Large. The child was sitting in the back of his grandmother's vehicle when he was fatally shot, police said.
Fiery Pileup On Baltimore Interstate Leaves 2 Dead, 23 Injured. \u201cIt\u2019s a miracle more people weren\u2019t hurt or killed,\u201d a Baltimore city official said.
Dylann Roof Convicted In Slayings Of Black Church Members. Jurors have yet to decide if he will be put to death.
Registered Sex Offender Allegedly Caught Working As Petco Santa Claus. Company says the Santa is \no longer at Petco.\
Feds Escalate Charges Against Edgar Welch, Alleged 'Pizzagate' Shooter. Federal investigators have tacked on two more charges since the initial indictment.
Man Jailed in Suspected Hate Crime After Mosque Worshiper Is Stabbed in California. He allegedly attacked a Muslim in a scuffle outside Simi Valley Islamic center.
Muslim NYPD Officers Ask For Meeting With Trump Over Hate Crime Spike. Election rhetoric is a key factor in the attacks, says a letter requesting a sit-down with the president-elect.
Muslim Teen Who Went Missing After Reporting Hate Crime Has Been Found. She had said three men on the train tried to rip her hijab off. Now she's charged with filing a false report.
Georgia Police Officers Both Die After Shooting Near College. The suspect killed himself inside a home after a standoff with police.
Hooded Thieves Swarm San Francisco Apple Store, Swipe Gadgets. Crooks hit up the same outlet twice in one week.
CAUGHT ON VIDEO. You're a mean one!
Charleston Shooter Dylann Roof Confesses In Chilling Video. \u201cI went to that church in Charleston and, uh, I did it,\u201d Roof said of the shooting that killed nine.
Ohio Is About to Outlaw ... Bestiality. It's legal in nine states
Firefighter Charged With Torching His House, Blaming It On Anti-Cop Suspects. A spray-painted message on the home read
17-Year-Old Allegedly Kills Staffer In Escape Attempt From Troubled-Teen Facility. \u201cIt was a brutal, vicious, violent, very violent attack,\u201d Garfield County Sheriff James Perkins said.
Oakland Fire Is Deadliest In U.S. Since 2003. As officials finish recovering bodies, the district attorney is exploring the possibility of criminal liability.
Oakland Warehouse Manager Has Meltdown During Live TV Interview About Fatal Fire. He said he\u2019d rather let the victims\u2019 parents \u201ctear at my flesh than answer these ridiculous questions.\
Leader Of Oakland Artist Collective Sparks Outrage For Focusing On Himself After Deadly Fire. Derick Ion's Facebook post didn't mention that many people had died.
What You Can Do To Help After The Oakland Warehouse Fire. At least 36 people died in the fire, and as many as 20 tenants may have lost their homes.
These Are The Victims Of The Deadly Oakland Warehouse Fire. Officials confirmed that victims included children and foreign nationals from Europe and Asia.
Man Allegedly Threatens To Cut Throat Of Off-Duty Muslim NYPD Cop. \Go back to your country,\ suspect told Aml Elsokary after shoving her son, cops say.
Drunk Grinch Sees Error Of His Ways After Stealing Light-Up Reindeer. He wrote an anonymous letter of apology to the little girl whose Christmas display he stole.
Justin Ross Harris Sentenced To Life In Prison For Toddler's Hot-Car Death. The 35-year-old was found guilty of intentionally leaving his 22-month-old son to die inside a sweltering car.
Massachusetts Fire Rips Through Cambridge Buildings. Multiple responders were reportedly injured.
Arrest Made After Missing Teen's Body Found Decapitated Along River. Lee Manuel Viloria-Paulino, who was last seen Nov. 18, was found dead on Thursday.
Oakland Warehouse Fire Death Toll Continues To Soar. At least 36 people have been confirmed dead in the fire, which started Friday night.
Oakland Warehouse Party Fire Death Toll Could Reach 40, Officials Say. Fire officials are still trying to determine how the blaze started.
USC Faculty Stabbed To Death On Campus. A suspect had been arrested in connection with the killing of the man.
FBI Captures 'Top 10 Most Wanted' Fugitive In Los Angeles. Marlon Jones was wanted in connection with a fatal shooting at a birthday party.
Authorities In Sherri Papini Case Give Conflicting Statements On Alleged Abduction. A woman at the local sheriff's office said a hoax had not been \ruled out,\ but the sheriff later said they believe the abduction was real.
Trial Over Walter Scott Killing By South Carolina Police Deadlocks Over Holdout Juror. Fleeing a traffic stop, Scott was shot by the officer and the incident captured on video.
Suspect In Custody After Robbery Turns To Hostage Situation At Florida Bank. At least 11 people were held hostage.
Ohio State Attacker May Have Been Inspired By Overseas Militants, FBI Says. Abdul Razak Ali Artan, a 20-year-old Muslim student at the school, plowed into pedestrians with a car and then exited the vehicle to stab other victims on Monday.
One Of Two Jail Escapees Captured In California After Week-Long Hunt. Rogelio Chavez, who rappelled from the Santa Clara County jail using clothes, remains on the run.
Thief Nabs $1.6 Million Bucket Of Gold Left On Back Of Truck. \As I would say, this leprechaun grabbed a pot of gold,\ a police detective said of the brazen theft.
Ohio State Attacker Appears To Have Been Inspired By ISIS, Anwar Al-Awlaki. The Muslim student plowed a car into people at the campus, then stabbed others.
Ohio State Attacker May Have Self-Radicalized, Officials Say. Artan\u2019s actions fit the pattern of lone-wolf militants who carried out other attacks in the United States.
ISIS Claims Responsibility For Attack At Ohio State University. ISIS news agency AMAQ described him as a \soldier\ of the group.
Argument Between Grandmas Ends In Shootout At Texas Walmart, Cops Say. A 55-year-old woman was reportedly left with a gunshot wound to her neck.
Ohio State University Attack Leaves 11 Injured. Police fatally shot the suspect, OSU student Abdul Razak Ali Artan.
Dylann Roof Gets Permission To Represent Himself At Trial. He's accused of fatally shooting 9 people in a Charleston, South Carolina church.
1 Dead And 9 Injured After Shooting In New Orleans' French Quarter. The incident happened just before 1:30 a.m. Sunday.
Minnesota Police Department Trolls One Direction In Anti-Drunk Driving Tweet. \I will find you.\
Alaska Hotel Killing Of 4 Suspected As Murder-Suicide. An 8-week-old girl was among those shot dead.
Serial Killer Jailed For Murdering 4 Gay Men He Met Online. \These evil crimes have left entire families, a community and a nation in shock.\
Dylann Roof Mentally Competent To Stand Trial, Judge Rules. Earlier this month, defense attorneys had raised concerns for the first time about whether Roof was able to understand the nature of the proceedings against him and to assist in his defense.
Two killed, Four Wounded In Louisville Park Shootings. Two men were dead at the scene, and the wounded suffered non-life-threatening injuries, police spokesman Dwight Mitchell said.
Mom Accused Of Injecting Feces Into Cancer-Afflicted Son\u2019s IV Bag. Tiffany Alberts was allegedly trying to get her 15-year-old son moved to a better facility.
It's Time For Random Street Checks To Stop. In a city that for some time has been plagued by an undercurrent of tension, due to \u2018carding\u2019 there was a level of hope, that
Inmates On The Run After Using Clothes To Rappel From California Jail. The inmates somehow managed to cut through the Santa Clara County jail's bars, authorities said.
Video Shows E-Cigarette Exploding In Man's Pants 'Like It's Fourth Of July'. \u201cI thought he had a pocket full of fireworks and then I realized he had an e-cigarette.\u201d
Racist Graffiti Scrawled All Over Georgia High School. The graffiti included references to the KKK and to Donald Trump.
Wayne State University Police Officer Dies After Being Shot In The Head. Rose, 29, was a five-year veteran of the force's canine unit.
Chattanooga School Bus Crash. The crash occurred on a road that wasn't part of the driver's designated route.
School Bus Driver Arrested In Crash That Killed 6 Children In Chattanooga. Johnthony Walker, 24, faces five counts of vehicular homicide, reckless endangerment and reckless driving charges,
Chattanooga Bus Driver In Deadly Crash Was Speeding Before Veering Off Road. 5 children were killed
St. Louis Police Officer Shot In The Face While Sitting In SUV. The attack occurred hours after a similar ambush in San Antonio, Texas.
Woman Faked Being Pregnant Before Kidnapping Baby, Killing Mom. Police said Yesenia Sesmas, 34, knew the infant's mother for years before she took her life and then her child.
Girl, 11, Finds Wanted Man Hiding Inside Her Bedroom Closet. \I started screaming bloody murder.\
Texas Police Officer Fatally Shot During Traffic Stop. The San Antonio police officer was sitting in a squad car when he was shot twice, the city's police chief said.
FBI Hunts 'Spelling Bee Bandit' Who Hands Over 'Robery' Notes. Authorities say he's targeted four Massachusetts banks since Oct. 31.
Washington Woman Believed Kidnapped For Ransom Found Dead (UPDATE). Sandra Harris's remains were found two days after her husband said she was taken against her will.
Nevada Ambulance Plane Crash Kills 3 Crew And Patient. The plane crashed in a parking lot near an airport.
Rep. Danny Davis' Grandson Fatally Shot In Chicago. Two teens broke into the home and shot the 15-year-old.
Missing Kansas Newborn Found In Texas After Mother's Killing. Two people were taken into custody at the Dallas home where the baby was found.
No Freedom For 'Making A Murderer's' Brendan Dassey, Court Rules. Dassey's murder conviction was overturned in August by a judge who said his confession was coerced.
Backpage CEO Likely To Walk From Pimping Charges As Judge Cites Shield Law. The judge cited a shield law for tech companies that protects them from prosecution for content posted by third parties.
Man Who Tried To Burn Ex-Girlfriend's House With Cheetos Is Convicted. \Oh my God, he tried to kill me,\u201d the woman said as she watched the blaze.
Taxi Driver With Knife In His Head Walks Into Hospital. He suffered brain trauma.
5-Year-Old Girl Abandoned At NYC Bus Terminal; Mother Found Dead. Police are searching for the child's father over the woman's death.
Two Dead After Shooting At Oklahoma City Airport. The victim, Michael Winchester, was the father of a Kansas City Chiefs player.
Utah High School Stabbing Wounds 6, Including 16-Year-Old Suspect. Victims were stabbed in either the neck or upper torso, before the attacker was taken down by stun gun.
Inventor Of Pepper Spray. \The culture of law enforcement needs to change.\u201d
Judge Orders Release Of 'Making A Murderer' Subject Brendan Dassey. The judge had earlier tossed out Dassey's confession.
Woman Who Drove Off Cliff With Twin Sister Arrested For Her Murder -- Again. Alexandria Duval was apprehended Friday in upstate New York.
Social Workers Face Manslaughter Charges In Detroit Toddler's Death. Prosecutors accuse two women of failing to protect 3-year-old Aaron Minor after his mother was flagged to Child Protective Services.
Girl, 4, Accidentally Shoots Herself And Her Mother In The Head. \Curious kids and loaded guns have deadly consequences,\ the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department later tweeted.
Manhunt Ends For Suspect In \u2018Execution\u2019 Of California Deputy. \u201cDennis had a very special relationship with young people and a special place in our hearts at the sheriff\u2019s office.\u201d
Video Shows Mom Kicking Child Out For Voting For Trump In Mock Election. \As a parent, I find the video appalling. As your Sheriff, I have ensured the child is safe.\u201d
Ohio Officer Ray Tensing Trial. Body-camera video showed the officer shoot DuBose after pulling him over for a missing license plate.
Sikh Student Shot Dead At California Home. The murder of a Sikh boy, Gurnoor Singh Nahal, has been described \u201cas a bit of a head-scratcher.\u201d Police are investigating
Seattle Shooting Near Trump Protest Leaves Multiple Wounded. The shooting was not believed to be tied to the protests over Trump's election.
Pregnant Woman Robbed While Having Labor Contractions. \Who robs a pregnant woman?\ the victim wants to know.
Jury Awards $3 Million In Damages Over Rolling Stone Rape Story. The magazine reported that a female student as \Jackie\ was raped at a university fraternity house in 2012.
Officers Fired Upon In Fatal Los Angeles Area Shooting. A nearby school was on lockdown and two polling places were \impacted,\ authorities said.
Homeowner Fires Arrow Into Fleeing Burglar's Buttocks. The thief still managed to escape in a getaway car.
Relative Of Missing Texas Girl Taken Into Custody After Remains Found. \u201cHe is the only suspect we have at this time,\ authorities said of Kayla Gomez-Orozco's family member.
Man Who Kept Woman Chained In Container Admits To Killing 7. Todd Kohlepp, a registered sex offender, reportedly admitted to the killings after the woman was found on his South Carolina property.
In Which I Scold My Friends and Colleagues. 
Rutgers University Stabbings Leaves 3 Injured. A suspect was also injured and taken into custody.
Cop Fired For Allegedly Giving 'Fecal Sandwich' To A Homeless Man. His attorney says he joked about it, but never actually did it.
Man Pulls Gun On 6 Kids For Damaging Donald Trump Sign. The suspect admitted he had no real proof that they destroyed the sign.
Police Sergeant, Suspect Killed In New York Shootout. Another officer was injured amid gunfire in the Bronx.
Amber Alert Issued After Texas Girl Vanishes From Prayer Service. A $13,000 reward is being offered for information leading to Kayla Gomez-Orozco's recovery.
Penn State Fined Record $2.4 Million Over Sandusky Case. Feds say the school violated the law for disclose that Sandusky was going to be criminally charged for sexually abusing children.
Poll Worker Injured By Trump Sign Booby-Trapped With Razor Blades. \u201cI think it\u2019s deplorable,\u201d one official said.
Suspect Captured In 'Ambush-Style Attacks' On Iowa Police Officers. Police have identified Justin Martin, 24, and Anthony Beminio, 38, as the victims.
Bill Cosby Accusers Can Describe 'Serial Nature,' Prosecutor Says. The prosecution wants to bring in other women to testify about alleged sexual assaults.
2 Michigan Families Claim They Found Nails In Halloween Snickers Bars. A firefighter and the mother of a toddler reported tampered treats.
Six Dead, 10 Hurt In Baltimore Commuter, School Bus Crash. A Baltimore school bus with no students aboard smashed into an oncoming commuter bus on Tuesday, killing at least six people
Cosby Lawyers Seek To Bar Alleged Victims From Sex Assault Trial. The request targets more than a dozen women who have accused the 79-year-old of sexual assault.
Guy In Trump Hat and 'Deplorables' T-Shirt Arrested At Texas Polling Place. \u201cHe wanted to take a stand. Unfortunately, he was arrested and taken to jail.\u201d
Judge. She did not rule on the other 911 calls made the night of the shooting.
12-Year-Old Boy Accused Of DUI After Dangerous Police Chase. The child driver crashed head-on twice.
Orlando Releases Pulse Nightclub Shooter's Calls With Police. \What am I to do here when my people are getting killed over there?\ the shooter asked a police negotiator.
Michael Vance, Oklahoma Man Charged With Double Murder, Shot Dead In Shootout After Weeklong Spree. He was killed by police after a caller reported a car matching one allegedly stolen by Vance was seen near Hammon, in western Oklahoma.
New York's Metropolitan Opera Cancels Show After Powder Sprinkled Into Orchestra Pit. Police believe someone sprinkled cremated ashes during the second intermission.
Mass Shooting At New York Halloween Party Leaves 2 Dead, 5 Injured. The search for a gunman remains underway.
Teen Clogs Up 911 Lines In \u2018Dangerous\u2019 Twitter Stunt. Meetkumar Hiteshbhai Desai, 18, faces three felony counts of computer tampering.
Plane Catches Fire At Chicago's O'Hare Airport. At least eight people were injured after an American Airline flight blew a tire on the runway.
Dharun Ravi, Roommate In Rutgers Webcam Case, Pleads Guilty. Ravi's roommate Tyler Clementi committed suicide after Ravi broadcasted images of him kissing another man.
University Of Wisconsin Student Accused Of Multiple Sexual Assaults. Dozens of women have come forward about business student Alec Cook since his arrest last week.
GOOD GRIEF. Thieves made off with 192 pumpkins worth as much as $3,000.
New Jersey Boys Survive 100-Foot Fall After Father Jumps With Them In His Arms. \u201cIt\u2019s a miracle, honestly.\
Man Stabs Fellow Churchgoer During Service For No Apparent Reason, Police Say. Billy Lewis is now charged with attempted murder.
Suspected Drunken Driver Smashes Into Helicopter. \u201cYou\u2019ve got to be pretty drunk.\
Woman Added Cleaning Solution To Co-Workers' Coffee Machine For Weeks, Police Say. Mayda E. Rivera-Juarez is now charged with felony assault.
Montana Judge Targeted For Impeachment For 60-Day Incest Rape Sentence. District Judge John McKeon sentenced the man to 60 days of incarceration and probation, far less than the plea agreement recommendation of at least 25 years in prison
Kansas Chemical Leak Causes Respiratory Issues For More Than 100. Schools were evacuated and residents urged to stay indoors because of the spill at the facility.
Georgia Children Shot Dead By Home Invader. No adults were at the home when the killings occurred.
Police Hunt Child Kidnap Suspect With Third Eye Tattooed On His Forehead. He\u2019s wanted over an alleged attempted kidnapping of a young girl.
Georgia Executes Gregory Lawler For Killing Police Officer, Despite Autism Defense. Lawler's attorneys called for clemency, arguing he had recently been diagnosed with autism.
Man Killed By Michigan Police Wasn't Targeting Them, Cops Say. \We understand people will be hot. We understand people will have their own opinions. I think we can agree to disagree peacefully,\ one official said.
Shooting Outside San Francisco School Leaves Multiple Students Injured. Four male suspects were seen fleeing the scene.
NYPD Officer Shoots Woman Who Tried To Attack Him With Baseball Bat, Police Say. Authorities are now investigating why the officer did not use a Taser instead.
Sheriff. Dakota Access suffered about $2 million in damages.
3 Arrested In Connection With Shooting Death Of Trinity Gay (UPDATED). The 15-year-old daughter of Olympic sprinter Tyson Gay was fatally shot outside a Kentucky restaurant Sunday.
4 Killed After Truck Flies Off San Diego Bridge Onto Festival 60 Feet Below. Authorities said the truck's driver survived and was later charged with driving under the influence.
Beloved Bipedal Bear Named Pedals Believed Killed By Hunter. The upright walking bear had been seen walking around New Jersey after injuring his two front paws.
Los Angeles Party Shooting Kills 3, Wounds A Dozen. An argument at the house serving as a makeshift restaurant preceded the shooting.
Phoenix Woman Killed Herself In Back Of Police Van, Authorities Say. The 39-year-old woman, who was under arrest for domestic violence, managed to escape her handcuffs.
Mom Claims Amber Alert Pushed Her To Kill Kids. \If people want to call me a monster that's fine,\ Amber Pasztor said in a jailhouse interview.
FBI Joins Investigation Of Fatal Plane Crash In Connecticut. The plane, which crashed in the street, was supposed to land at Hartford-Brainard Airport.
Tulsa Police Shooting Victim Had PCP In System. The man appeared to have his hands in the air before being shot.
Police Arrest Creepy Clown, Accomplice For Alleged Neglect Of 4-Year-Old Girl. 911 callers said the clowns were chasing cars.
Dozens Injured In Long Island Rail Road Derailment. No one was killed, and early reports indicate that there were no serious injuries.
Two Police Officers Killed In Palm Springs, California Shooting. They were called to an apparent domestic dispute.
New Jersey Train Was Going Twice The Speed Limit Before Crash. The engineer applied the brakes less than a second before the train crashed.
Teenager With Replica Gun Shot By Los Angeles Police Wanted To Die. The boy was holding a replica gun, police said.
Michigan Man Charged With Threatening To Kill White Police Officers. Nheru Gowan Littleton faces up to 40 years in prison over the alleged Facebook posts.
Teen Made Up Clown Attack To Avoid Being Fired For Lateness, Police Say. Cops have charged 18-year-old Alexsandra Conley with making false alarms.
LAPD Releases Video Of Suspect Holding Gun Before Fatal Shooting. Police say the 18-year-old was fleeing in a stolen vehicle, and turned toward officers with a gun.
E-Cigarette Explodes On Harry Potter Ride, Injuring Girl. The 14-year-old sustained facial injuries while riding the Hogwarts Express train at Universal Orlando.
Teen Accused In Townville School Shooting Faces Murder Charge After Child Dies. Jacob Hall, 6, died from his injuries on Saturday.
LAPD Chief. The death was one of two fatal police shootings of black men in California in the past week.
Justice For Tulsa -- And Olivia Hooker. He cradled the baby girl in his arms. \u00a0But he did not beam with pride; instead, his face took on the sober look of someone
2 University Students Shot Dead At House Party. North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University said a male suspect managed to flee the scene.
Cop Spends 2 Months Working Undercover At Burger King, Nets 5 Grams Of Weed. Many are questioning if the operation was worth the effort.
Photos Show Destruction After NJ Transit Train Crashes In Hoboken. One person was killed and more than 100 people were injured when the train plowed into a platform.
Philadelphia Police Fatally Shoot Man After He Stabbed 2 Children. He also assaulted his teenage daughter and two other women.
Rescued Boater Denies Role In His Mom's Disappearance At Sea. Nathan Carman was a suspect in the 2013 murder of his grandfather, which is still unsolved.
Commuters Brace For Grueling Journeys After Deadly Hoboken Train Crash. Falling debris killed a woman standing on the platform.
Suspected Chelsea Bomber Allegedly Attacked Family In 2014. Like many men who commit atrocious acts of mass violence, Ahmad Khan Rahami is accused of first targeting those closest to him.
Photos From The Townville Elementary Shooting Scene. Two students and one teacher were injured.
California Men Charged In Suspected Murder Among Furries. Some victims and the suspects are suspected to have ties to a community of people who dress up in animal costumes.
3 Injured In Shooting At South Carolina Elementary School. A teen armed with a pistol was seized. The suspect's father was found shot to death nearby.
Houston Lawyer Shoots 9 Before Shot Dead By Police. The man was in a military-style uniform with Nazi items, and police found thousands of rounds of ammo in his car.
Man Found Adrift In Ocean A Week After Vanishing With Mom. Nathan Carman, 22, was found in a life raft off the coast of Massachusetts Sunday. His mother is still missing.
Police Identify Houston Mass Shooter Who Was Found With Nazi Paraphernalia. Nathan DeSai was shot to death by police after wounding 9 people.
Suspect In Shooting At Washington State Mall Captured. He was taken into custody on Saturday evening.
8 Shot, Including Toddler, In 'Planned' Baltimore Shooting. The shooting by three gunmen is believed to have been in retaliation for a Labor Day shooting.
Washington Mall Shooter's Motive Unclear. Victims ranged in age from mid-teens to mid-90s, and included a mother and her daughter.
Shooting At Washington State Mall Kills At Least 4. A manhunt was launched to find the suspect.
Police Search For Gunman Who Killed 5 At Mall In Washington State. Four women were killed in the attack, and a man who was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries died overnight.
Montreal Gearing Up To Sentence Huge Numbers Of Innocent Dogs To Death. Proposed legislation could be disastrous for the city's pit bulls.
'That's What Triggered It'. Hours before Omar Mateen was killed in a shootout with police, he complained about U.S. strikes on ISIS.
Charlotte Installs Curfew And Protester Dies After Being Shot During Unrest. Video seen by officials and the victim's family has not settled the disagreement over whether Scott was armed.
Hit List Found With 'Detailed' Plot To Attack High School. The student involved is now in custody.
Video Shows Child Trying To Wake Mom Who Allegedly Overdosed. Police around the country say they're seeing similar scenes on a regular basis.
N.C. Governor Declares State Of Emergency Amid Violent Protests. The killing of Keith Lamont Scott sparked clashes between protesters and police, who disagree on whether the man was armed.
Charlotte Police Killing Leaves City On Edge. Police and protesters disagree over whether Keith Lamont Scott was armed.
Fugitive Caretakers Allegedly Steal WWII Veteran's Life Savings. But a friend from church is helping Dennis Ferk get back on his feet.
Man Crawls 3 Days After Surviving Crash That Killed Girlfriend. Kevin Bell, 39, and Nikki Reed, 37, a mother of three, had been missing since Saturday.
911 Calls Shed Light On What Happened During Orlando Nightclub Shooting. \He's going to kill us,\ a man whispers to a 911 dispatcher in one call.
Ahmad Khan Rahami's Dad. He later recanted the statement in which he called his son a terrorist, saying it was made in anger.
New York Prison Guard Pleads Guilty In Inmate Death Cover Up. The case is one of a string of prosecutions targeting Rikers employees in recent years.
Feds Charge Ahmad Khan Rahami For Planting New York, New Jersey Bombs. Federal prosecutors portrated Rahami as a jihadist who begged for martyrdom and praised Osama bin Laden.
Details Emerge About Suspected Bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami. Authorities reportedly are interested in Rahami's foreign trips.
Police Identify Suspect In Minnesota Mall Stabbing. Authorities believe alleged attacker Dahir Adan acted alone.
Muslim Veteran Who Served In Iraq Finds 'Terrorist' Written On His Locker. Mohamed Abbas says he's been targeted in the workplace many times for his religion.
Bombing Suspect's Restaurant Was Late-Night Hotspot, Had 'Friendly Service'. Locals called Ahmad Khan Rahami \friendly.\
Burglar Bursts Through YMCA Ceiling, Steals Toy Money. Who's he trying to kid?
Emergency Alert About Bombing Suspect Has New Yorkers On Edge. Police wanted the public's help in their search for Ahmad Khan Rahami.
'Suspicious Package' Explodes In New Jersey As Bomb Squad Robot Tries To Disarm It. Bag containing explosive devices was found in a wastebasket.
Authorities Identify Ahmad Khan Rahami As Suspect In Manhattan Explosion. \u201cHe could be armed and dangerous,\u201d New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said, warning that residents should be vigilant and report sightings to authorities.
Police Capture Ahmad Khan Rahami, Manhattan Bombing Suspect. He was arrested after a shootout in Linden, New Jersey.
Ex-Airman Gets 18 Months' Probation In Toddler's Death. \u201cI think the jury failed, I think the judge failed and I think justice was not served,\u201d the child's mother said.
Ahmad Khan Rahami Identified As Suspect In Manhattan Explosion. Several people were detained late Sunday in connection with the bomb.
ISIS Claims Minnesota Mall Attack Was Carried Out By Supporter. None of the eight victims were believed to have suffered life-threatening injuries.
College For Convicts. 
Ohio Police Officers Indicted In Killing Of Unarmed Man And Beating Case. The two separate indictments come amid tension over police conduct in Ohio, where a teen with a pellet gun was killed by an officer.
USC Football Osa Masina Charged With Rape In Utah. Masina could face a life sentence if convicted for the assault.
George Zimmerman Shooter Convicted Of Attempted Murder In Florida. Apperson fired a single bullet into George Zimmerman\u2019s vehicle.
Adnan Syed Of 'Serial' Just Got A Big Boost In His Quest For Freedom. Top criminal defense organizations threw their weight behind Syed's push for a new trial.
Dogs Get High After Alleged Drug Dealer Throws Heroin Over Fence. Seventeen bags reportedly landed in a Colorado doggie day care's play area.
NYPD Officer Slashed By Man With Meat Cleaver In Midtown. Officers encountered the man as he was attempting to remove a boot from a car.
Student Killed Herself After University Mishandled Her Rape Report. Cherelle Locklear's mother accuses William Paterson University of failing to adequately investigate her daughter's attack.
Toddler Suffocates Under Beanbag Chair When Day Care Worker Sits On It. \How did they lose track of him?\
Man Mailed Dead Skunks, Raccoon To Rival For Job, Police Say. \u201cIt\u2019s bizarre, its just hard to believe.\u201d
Florida Mosque Arson Leads To Arrest Of Joseph Michael Schreiber. The suspect allegedly posted anti-Islamic material online.
For American Muslims, A Horrifying Runup To One Of Islam's Holiest Holidays. Among multiple Islamophobic crimes, a man set a Muslim woman on fire in New York.
NYPD. Incident may be considered a hate crime.
Man Pleads Guilty In Boy's Fatal Beating Over Birthday Cake. Jacob Barajas, 25, admitted to handcuffing his 9-year-old nephew to a chair for eating the cake without permission.
Bagged Heart Mysteriously Appears In Ohio Field, Stumping Police. \u201cThey\u2019re 95 percent sure it was human,\u201d the Norwalk police chief says.
Someone Set Fire To The Orlando Shooter's Mosque On One Of The Holiest Days Of The Year. The fire comes after multiple threats were made against the mosque this summer.
6 Bystanders Reportedly Shot Just An Hour After Alabama Peace Rally. All six victims were bystanders.
John Hinckley Jr., Reagan's Would-Be Assassin, Released After 35 Years. Hinckley shot Reagan after becoming obsessed with Jodie Foster in the film \Taxi Driver.\
San Bernardino Shooting Report Details Heroism And Horror. 3 workers tried to stop the attackers, the report revealed.
Woman Allegedly Attacks Muslim Moms And Babies In Hate Crime. That's right -- babies.
No State Charges For Cops Who Shot And Killed Mexican Farmworker In Washington State. Zambrano\u2019s death was among a series of police shootings across the United States that have put law enforcement agencies under scrutiny over their use of force against minorities.
Man Steals $600 From Bra Of 93-Year-Old In Wheelchair. Cops say they've apprehended a suspect.
Charges Announced For Bay Area Cops Linked To Sex Scandal. Officers allegedly gave a teen info about police operations in return for sexual favors.
Deadly Shooting At Texas High School. Police say a shooter is dead and another is person injured.
Search Underway After Woman Reportedly Jumps Off Carnival Cruise Ship. Rina Patel, 32, went overboard southwest of the Bahamas early Wednesday, officials said.
Florida Woman, Angry At Her Ex, Allegedly Set Wrong Car On Fire. \I\u2019ve never seen her in my life,\u201d the car's owner said.
Charges Dropped Against Man Who Killed His Wife's Would-Be Rapist. \u201cI think they did the right thing because he was defending me; that\u2019s what a husband does,\ said Nenegale Diallo of her spouse.
Driver Plows Into Pedestrians At Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre. Police said nine people were hurt in the crash.
Remains Of Minnesota Boy Missing Since 1989 Found. His parents became tireless advocates for missing children after his disappearance.
Fugitive Learns The Hard Way Not To Post 'Wanted' Picture On Facebook. D'oh!
Officer And Suspect Dead After Shootout In New Mexico. The suspect had three active arrest warrants.
Jared Fogle Blames Victim's Parents In New Court Motion. Court filing claims the parents should also be named as defendants in lawsuit against the former Subway pitchman.
Dallas Police Chief Who Guided Force During Sniper Attack To Retire. Brown managed the response to a shooting that killed five officers.
Attorneys for 'Affluenza' Teen Ethan Couch Ask To Have Him Released. Couch is serving 720 days in jail -- 180 days for each of the four people he killed while driving drunk in 2013.
Canadian Women Accused Of Smuggling $22 Million Of Cocaine On Cruise. Their \u201conce in a lifetime trip\u201d may end with a lifetime behind bars.
Grand Jury Indicts Atlanta Officer For Murder Of Unarmed Black Man. Prosecutors and the officer disagree over what led to the killing.
Fugitive Polygamist Could Have Been Raptured, Attorney Suggests. Lyle Jeffs, one of the leaders of a fundamentalist polygamist church, has been missing since last month.
Alleged Sex Offender Found With 4 Missing Children In Louisiana. Joseph Moreno, 37, and Penny Rascon, 37, had been wanted in California.
'Loud Noises,' Mistaken For Gunfire, Cause Panic At LAX. Hundreds of travelers poured onto the airport's tarmac late Sunday.
Georgia Cops Find Beheaded Voodoo Doll Outside HQ. A disfigured lizard was also dumped outside Tybee Island Police Department's station.
Two Chicago Brothers On Parole Charged In Murder Of NBA Star's Cousin. The pair are described as \u201cdocumented gang members.\u201d
United Airlines Pilots Arrested After Allegedly Found Drunk On Plane. The pilots were reportedly arrested in the cockpit of the New Jersey-bound flight, just before it was set to depart.
Video Shows Police Pepper Spraying 84-Year-Old Woman, Tasering Son. Officers pursued the woman's son after he ran a stop sign, police said.
Police Arrest Mississippi Man Over Stabbing Death Of 2 Nuns. Rodney Earl Sanders, 46, faces two counts of capital murder.
Cousin Of NBA Star Dwyane Wade Killed In Chicago Shooting. Nykea Aldridge, 32, a mother of four, was shot in the head and arm by crossfire in Chicago\u2019s Parkway Gardens neighborhood.
Colorado Sheriff Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Inmate With Developmental Disabilities. Thomas Hanna faces felony charges of sexual assault of an at-risk adult and sexual conduct with an inmate, as well as misdemeanor counts of official misconduct and soliciting prostitution.
Server Fires Shots During Steak House Brawl With Customers. The chaos followed allegations that the server \messed up\ the customer's order, a witness said.
Woman Stabs Husband With Scissors After He Drinks Her Beer. \If I still had arrest powers, I would have arrested them quite a few times,\u201d a neighbor said.
Prisoner Takes Down Fellow Inmate During Vicious Attack On Officer. Robert Hammock didn't mess around.
German City Puts Traffic Lights On The Ground For \u2018Pedtextrians\u2019. Most of us are used to seeing traffic lights above eye level. Whether we are driving, biking, or walking around Boston, traffic
Need Drugs In Jail? Try Using A Drone. A special task force has been set up to try and stop the drones from dropping off contraband to prisoners.
Armed Fugitive Disguises Himself As An Old Man To Evade Cops. But officers weren't tricked by Shaun Miller's mask.
Man Accused Of Killing 5, Kidnapping Estranged Girlfriend. Police say the suspect broke into the house where his girlfriend was staying to escape his abuse.
Shooting At Connecticut House Party Wounds 13. Police believe there were at least two shooters.
Police Violence. 
Preppi Killer Robert Chambers Case Revisted on 48 Hours. 
Texas Halts Execution Of Non-Triggerman Over Questions Of 'Dr. Death' Testimony. Wood was convicted as an accomplice to murder, with a controversial psychiatrist testifying that he would commit more violence.
Gunman Sought In Killing Of Muslim Cleric, Associate In Front Of New York City Mosque. Residents are demanding that authorities treat the brazen daylight shooting as a hate crime.
New York City Imam Killing Suspect Charged With Murder. The suspect was arrested after a hit-and-run accident on the day that the two men were killed exiting a mosque in Queens.
Texas Mom Arrested After Children\u2019s Bodies Found Under Neighbor\u2019s House. Sheborah Thomas faces two counts of capital murder after her kids, ages 5 and 7, were found dead Sunday.
Violent Protests Erupt In Milwaukee After Police Kill Suspect At Traffic Stop. A crowd of more than 100 people hurled rocks as police officers attempted to disperse the protesters.
Wounded K9 Found 2 Days After Shooting That Killed Arkansas Deputy. Kina is recovering from two gunshot wounds she suffered in Wednesday's deadly shooting.
Imam And Friend Gunned Down After Prayer In New York City. Police said the lone gunman shot both men in the head.
Cops Catch Burglary Suspects Passed Out In Car At Crime Scene. Their SUV was reportedly packed full of loot stolen from a construction site.
Virginia Plane Crash Leaves Multiple People Dead. The plane reportedly crashed into trees after a botched landing attempt.
Man Stumbles Across Portable Toilet Filled With Pot. \u201cGot marijuana?\ local police wrote on Facebook. \We do!\
7 Missing, Dozens Injured After Overnight Explosion In Maryland. About 30 people, including three firefighters, were treated for injuries sustained from the blast and blaze.
Couple Arrested At Mexico Border With Toddler\u2019s Body In Bag. The girl is estimated to be about 2 and is not believed to be related to the California couple.
Florida Officer Accidentally Kills Woman During Training Exercise. The mother of two was hit by a live round fired during an exercise where participants make decisions on using lethal force.
Gunfire Erupts In Ferguson After Protester Is Struck By Car. Demonstrators were marking the second anniversary of the death of Michael Brown.
Search For Killer Underway After Google Employee Found Dead In Woods. Vanessa Marcotte's death came just days after another New York City jogger was found dead. Police say the cases are not related.
Report. A $140 million judgment led the media company to file for bankruptcy protection
College Student Killed While Playing 'Pokemon Go'. He was gunned down in a busy San Francisco park.
Oscar Pistorius Treated In Hospital For Wrist Injuries. The Paralympic gold medalist is currently in jail for killing his girlfriend.
2 Skydivers Killed After Parachutes Fail To Open In Tandem Jump. \It looks like something went out of sequence.\
15-Month-Old Twin Girls Die After Being Left Inside Hot Car In Georgia. Temperatures in the area reached above 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with high humidity.
Mom Allegedly Poisons Toddler With Salt To 'Get Husband's Attention'. She's accused of feeding her daughter an entire teaspoon of salt.
Virginia Mayor Arrested In Meth-For-Sex Sting. An undercover detective created a fake online profile to catch Silverthorne.
North Carolina Man Charged With Trying To Aid Islamic State, Justice Dept. Says. A court complaint alleges that Erick Jamal Hendricks told an unnamed person his goal was to create a sleeper cell for carrying out attacks in the U.S.
Flamingo Dead After Busch Gardens Visitor Allegedly Threw Her To The Ground. Pinky the flamingo was 19 years old.
Metro Transit Police Officer In D.C Charged With Helping Islamic State. 'The allegations in this case are profoundly disturbing.\
Teens Found Dead Behind Georgia Publix. Officers are investigating the deaths of Natalie Henderson and Carter Davis.
San Francisco-Area Police Beating Of Stanislav Petrov Leads To Lawsuit. Police pursued the man who was allegedly in a stolen car in 2015. Security video captured the officers hitting the suspect after he fled on foot.
Pilot In Fatal Hot Air Balloon Crash Had Drunk Driving, Drug Convictions. The balloon's basket caught fire after hitting power lines and killed 16 people in the crash.
Parents Abandoned 2-Year-Old Son To Play 'Pokemon Go,' Police Say. The father reportedly said \whatever\ when deputies told him they'd found his child.
Washington Teen Broke Up With Girlfriend Before Deadly Shooting. The three people killed have been identified as Anna Bui, Jake Long and Jordan Ebner.
Person Of Interest Identified In Fatal Austin Shooting. Police are still searching for the gunman.
Burglary Suspect Found Dead After Being Tied To A Tree. \u201cI think he wanted to capture him and have him arrested,\u201d the local sheriff said.
Texas Hot Air Balloon Crash Kills 16. It is one of the worst such accidents on record.
Seattle-Area House Party Shooting Leaves 3 Dead. Many of those present were young.
Ex-NFL Player Antonio Armstrong And Wife Killed, Police Arrest Son. The 16-year-old is charged with capital murder over the shooting.
3 Walmart Employees Charged With Manslaughter In Shoplifter's Death. An autopsy found the man had 15 broken ribs.
Congressman Accused of Domestic Assault. In a shocking video released by several news outlets, Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida is caught verbally assaulting and getting physical with a Politico reporter.
San Diego Police Officer Fatally Shot, Another Wounded. The shooting followed a traffic stop, late Thursday night.
Holy Knockoff, Batman! Man Busted For Throwing 'Batarang' At Cops. The \Batman-style throwing star\u201d was found embedded in the front of a Seattle police SUV following a chase, authorities said.
Chandra Levy Killing. The death of the 24-year-old rocked Washington D.C., and contributed to the fall of a congressman.
Man Jailed After He Says Cops Mistook Krispy Kreme Glaze For Meth. The case exemplifies how wildly unreliable roadside drug tests are.
Man Allegedly Beats Turtle To Death With Hammer, Claims Self-Defense. The reptile's shell was broken and its head crushed.
Florida Sheriff's Deputy Cleared In Death Of Man Carrying Air Rifle. Broward County Sheriff\u2019s Deputy Peter Peraza argued that the 2013 shooting was in self defense.
Radioactive Device Stolen From Connecticut Car Has Been Found At A Pawn Shop. The device contains sealed sources of radioactive material that police warned could be a danger to the public if manipulated.
Gunman's Attempt To Rob Pokemon Go Players Ends In A Shootout. A gamer was also wounded in the gunfight in a Las Vegas park, police say.
High School Basketball Star And 14-Year-Old Boy Killed In Florida Club Shooting. \This kid was going places,\ a friend wrote of Stef'an Strawder, 18, who died early Monday.
4 People Shot And Killed At Texas Apartment Complex. A child was among the victims.
Former Manson Family Member Leslie Van Houten Denied Parole By California Governor. Van Houten is serving a life sentence for multiple murders, but maintains she was manipulated by Manson.
Job Applications To Dallas Police Surge Following Shooting. The department had been struggling to recruit new officers.
Deputy Brad Garafola, Killed Protecting A Wounded Officer, Gets Hero's Send-Off. The sheriff's deputy was one of three lawmen killed in an ambush July 17.
A Sorrowful Farewell To Baton Rouge Officer Matthew Gerald. \Being a cop wasn't just what he did, it was who he was,\ the police chief said at the slain officer's funeral.
4-Year-Old Girl Dies After Being Left In Car For Hours On A Hot Day. Temperatures inside a vehicle can become dangerously hot faster than many people realize.
Cop Shoots Family Dog During 5-Year-Old's Birthday Party. \Opie wasn\u2019t a dog,\ the boy's mom said. \He was our family.\
Police Commander Suspended For Alleged Fabrications About Charles Kinsey Shooting. The officer who shot the unarmed therapist was identified as a SWAT team member.
Florida Men Charged With Attempting To Support Islamic State. The men allegedly expressed support for recent mass shootings, and hoped to join ISIS.
DOJ Moves To Seize Stolen Money Used To Finance 'Wolf Of Wall Street'. The DOJ alleges that a production company used millions stolen from a sovereign wealth fund to finance \The Wolf of Wall Street.\
Baltimore Driver Playing \u2018Pokemon Go\u2019 Crashes Into Police Car. \u201cThat's what I get for playing this dumb-ass game.\
These Are The 3 Police Officers Killed In The Baton Rouge Attack. The slain lawmen include a new father, a 24-year sheriff's veteran and a rookie who had served multiple tours in Iraq for the Army.
Minnesota Mom Accused Of Beating, Enslaving Chinese Woman As Her Nanny. Lili Huang, 35, faces five felony counts related to human labor trafficking.
Here's Everything We Know About The Baton Rouge Shooter. The attacker posted videos under a pseudonym in which he rejected peaceful protests to end systemic racism.
Cop Car Found Torched In Florida With 'Black Lives Matter' Note. The explicit, handwritten note reportedly referenced the movement and two black men recently killed by police.
Police Bet On Rare 'Pokemon Go' Character To Catch Fugitives. Will the prospect of hooking a Charizard prove too tempting?
Man Opens Fire On Two 'Pokemon Go' Players In Florida. The homeowner mistook the duo for burglars.
7-Eleven Clerk Beats Robber At Terrifying Game Of Tug-Of-War. He grabbed the shotgun as it was being held inches away from his face.
Female Guard 'Senselessly Murdered' By Inmate At Texas Men's Prison, Officials Say. Mari Johnson was found dead inside the French Robertson Unit, near Abilene, on Saturday.
3 Baton Rouge Officers Killed In 'Ambush-Style' Attack. Governor Edwards called the shooting a \diabolical attack on the very fabric of society.\
Atlanta Police Officer Charged With Murder In The Shooting Of Unarmed Black Man. The officer fired one shot and struck Devaris Caine Rogers, 22, in the head, a district attorney says.
Thief Does A Little Dance After Stealing Wallet From A Car, Gets Jailed. Kamayi Matumona's upbeat mood didn't last for long, say police.
'Coffee With A Cop' Helps Officers And Civilians Find Common Ground. The events are a small, positive step in many cities where trust is broken.
A Mosque In Rhode Island Was Vandalized After The Nice Attacks. Someone smashed the windows and painted \Muhammad Prophet of butchers\ on the building.
Veterans Catch Attempted Murder Suspect While Playing Pokemon Go. The men say they looked up when the game froze and saw the fugitive touching a boy at a park.
Officer's Life Saved When He Shoots Bullet Directly Into Suspect's Gun. It was a \one in a billion\ shot.
Drug Detection Dog Dies After Handler Leaves Him In Hot Car. Rest in peace, Totti.
Gunman Opens Fire At Candlelight Vigil For Baltimore Shooting Victim. Four women and one man were wounded in Monday night's incident.
NYPD Officer Stripped Of Badge, Gun After Deadly Road-Rage Shooting. Surveillance video has raised doubts about officer Wayne Isaacs' claim that he fired in self defense after being punched.
2 Bailiffs Killed In Michigan Courthouse Shooting. An inmate grabbed an officer's gun and opened fire.
Pokemon Go Players Robbed At Gunpoint, Police Say. Be careful out there.
Burglars Ram Truck Into Gun Store, Loot Stash Of Weapons. \Now those weapons are out there,\ the store owner said.
East Baton Rouge DA Recuses Office From Alton Sterling Shooting Probe. The district attorney has a personal relationship with one of the officers' parents.
Dallas Killer Wrote Cryptic Messages In His Own Blood At Site Of Standoff, Police Say. He left the letters \RB\ in the building where police killed him.
Dallas Police Search Headquarters Garage After Threat Against Department. Just two days ago, a sniper killed five officers in the city.
Police Attacked In Several States In Wake Of Police Killings. Officers were attacked in Tennessee, Georgia and Missouri.
Watch A Kebab Shop Owner Stay Super Chill During An Armed Robbery. \I was sure he would not shoot me. He came to rob me, not to kill me.\
Eyewitness Captures Moment Dallas Protest Turned From Calm To Chaos. \We were all in a panic. Everywhere I looked, people were crying and in disbelief of what they'd just witnessed.\
Witnesses Record Horror Of Dallas Attack. Michael Kevin Bautista streamed footage of the shootout with police.
North Carolina Man Arrested After Allegedly Waving Shotgun At Cars And Firing Pistol At Deputy. \Nobody got hurt and that\u2019s a good thing.\
Former NYPD Detective Gets Emotional Over Dallas Shooting. \I hope people can appreciate what these police officers did,\ said Harry Houck.
Woman Who Filmed Dallas Shooting From Window Was 'Terrified' And 'Confused'. \It was just an endless stream of gunshots,\ she said.
Minnesota Police Officers Involved In Philando Castile Shooting Identified. Minneapolis area police officer Jeronimo Yanez was identified as the patrolman who fatally shot Philando Castile.
Suspected Serial Killer Arrested After 5th Homeless Attack. Jon David Guerrero's arrest in the savage attacks on San Diego's streets comes four days after another suspect was released.
Smoker Allegedly Douses Driver With Gas In Argument Over Lit Cigarette. The fuel feud ended with a broken arm and aggravated assault charge.
Someone Shot At A Texas Mosque In The Latest Attempt To Terrorize The Muslim Community. The shooting comes amid a frightening surge in anti-Muslim hate crimes in the U.S.
Nightmarish Video Shows Alleged Kidnap Attempt Right Under Mom\u2019s Nose. \u201cShe was just screaming, crying. She couldn\u2019t believe it\u201d
'F**k Muzlim' And 'Terroist' Spray-Painted On Muslim Man's Car. The act of vandalism is the latest in a string of alleged anti-Muslim crimes during the final week of Ramadan.
Former National Guard Member Arrested, Charged With Attempting To Support ISIS. The 26-year-old tried to buy weapons for ISIS and give the group money, the Justice Department says.
Muslim Teens Beaten Outside Brooklyn Mosque, Rights Group Says. The attack early on Sunday was at least the third involving Muslims in the U.S. in recent days.
Drunk Man Incites Panic After Jumping On Bar And Praising Allah. Authorities say there is no threat to the man's Idaho community.
Arrest Made In Death Of College Student Beau Solomon In Italy. A homeless man was taken into custody Tuesday on suspicion of aggravated homicide.
Toddler's Father Said There Were 2 Gators During Disney Attack. The child's dad, Matt Graves, was injured after being attacked by the second gator while trying to rescue his son, emails reveal.
Teen Loses Leg After 'Experiment' Detonates In NYC's Central Park. Authorities don't believe the device was intended to harm anyone.
Muslim Man Beaten Outside Florida Mosque Attended By Orlando Shooter Omar Mateen. There was disagreement on whether the attack was racially motivated.
Muslim Man Shot Near Mosque In Texas. Police said there's no indication that the attack was a hate crime, but its proximity to the mosque has some members worried.
Man Accused Of Smearing Feces In Woman's Shorts Says 'God Did It'. Ekwan Hill, 42, faces charges for not one but two feces attacks against women in Manhattan on Monday.
This Bunny Is Safe After Teen Attack, But Image Shows New Rabbits In Possible Danger. An image on social media shows two rabbits inside a small glass tank.
Tourist Falls To Death From Machu Picchu While Trying To Take Photo. \u201cIn the moment he was handing him the camera he lost his balance and fell,\u201d a witness said.
Cops Find $10 Million Worth Of Cocaine Inside Blinged-Out Horse's Head. A U.S. national is among three men arrested over the plot in New Zealand.
Man Allegedly Tries To Rob A Chuck E. Cheese During His Own Job Interview. Needless to say, he didn't get the job.
Tennessee Mother Charged After 4 Children Stabbed To Death. The children, aged 4, 3 and 2 years old, and 6 months old, were found shortly after noon on Friday in an apartment.
Christy Sheats Killed Daughters To Make Husband \u2018Suffer,\u2019 Sheriff Says. \Mr. Sheats will have to live the rest of his life with this horrible memory.\
Driver Cuts Off Motorcyclist, Gets Exactly What She Deserves. Caught on video.
Judge Orders Man Accused of Tweeting Threats To Never Tweet. Threats made on social media are still real threats.
Police Officer Jumps Out Of Helicopter To Tackle Suspect After Absurd Chase. \We do whatever it takes to get them into custody,\ the tactical flight officer said.
Ex-TV Reporters Charged After Their Baby Tests Positive For Cocaine. Somchai Lisaius, 42, and Krystin Sorich Lisaius, 26, face felony drug and child abuse charges.
Suspect In Murder Of Pregnant Mother Added To FBI's 'Most Wanted' List. Shanika Minor is only the 10th woman to be placed on the list since 1950.
Street Magician Tried To Make Woman's Bikini Disappear, Police Say. This trick was no treat for the victim.
Watch Officer React When Murder Suspect Grabs His Gun. \Kill me!\ suspect says.
Oregon Mom Fatally Shoots Stranger In Child's Bedroom, Police Say. Neighbors say the woman only recently moved into the Portland home with her two kids.
Philadelphia Man Shot And Killed His Wife With Crossbow, Police Say. The 41-year-old man will face charges for killing Pamela Nightlinger, 42.
Hunters Shot This Baby Orangutan, Then Left Him For Dead. Luckily, little Didik was rescued just in time and is now on the slow road to recovery.
Ronald McDonald Wounded In Shootout Outside Sonic Restaurant. Two buffoons got into a gunfight... but only one was named after an actual clown.
At Least 7 Hurt In California Stabbings As Neo-Nazis, Protesters Clash. Several victims suffered critical injuries.
Arizona Executions Impeded By Drug Supply Running Dry. The state is being challenged by inmates who claim the use of the drugs is unconstitutional.
Whitey Bulger Auction Brings In $100,000 For Mundane And Peculiar Items. Bulger was at the top of Boston's criminal underworld for a quarter-century, then going on the lam for 16 years before his capture.
The Devil Is In The Details. 
Devastating Floods Leave 23 Dead In West Virginia. Hundreds of thousands of people are without power.
Dummies Arrested After Bragging About Alleged Burglary On Facebook. Derp.
Former Cop Charged After 2 Police Dogs Die In His Care, 4 Years Apart. Daniel Peabody, 50, faces felony charges after leaving a dog to die in a hot car and possibly shooting another to death, authorities said.
Authorities Say They Have Likely Removed Alligator That Killed Boy At Disney World Resort. The alligator snatched the toddler on June 14 as he played at the edge of the Seven Seas Lagoon, a manmade lake at the Walt Disney Co resort.
Three Arrested With Cache Of Weapons, Some Loaded, Near Holland Tunnel. The FBI says the case has no \terrorism nexus.\
18-Year-Old Indiana Man Arrested For Planning To Join Islamic State. WASHINGTON, June 21 (Reuters) - An 18-year-old man who planned to fly to Morocco and travel to Islamic State-controlled territory
Ohio Gun Shop Owner Is Shot And Killed During Gun Safety Class. Students were performing drills when a weapon discharged, shooting James Baker, 64.
Orlando Shooter Told Police 'I Did The Shootings'. The FBI has released transcripts of Omar Mateen's 911 calls during last weekend's mass shooting.
'Affluenza' Mom Tonya Couch Has Curfew Eased So She Can Find A Job. The judge's decision comes six months after she allegedly helped her son jump bail and flee to Mexico.
Orlando Shooting Funeral Procession Hit By Car, Officers Injured. Hundreds of people blocked members of the anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church who showed up to protest at another funeral.
Third Oakland Police Chief Out In Just Over A Week. The department is wrapped up in sex and racism scandals.
Parents 'Gifted' Teen Daughter To Man Found With 12 Girls, Police Say. The teen told investigators she was the mother of two of the children found in the Pennsylvania house.
Mom Fights Off Mountain Lion After It Attacks Her 5-Year-Old Son. The mother wrestled the boy away after hearing his cries from outside their home, authorities said.
Orlando Survivor Angel Colon Meets Police Officer Who Saved His Life. Colon, who was critically injured in the shooting, was pulled to safety by Officer Omar Delgado.
Gator Attack. Resort had ongoing concerns with guests feeding gators, insider tells TheWrap
Wands Raised To Honor Orlando Shooting Victim, 'One Of The Best Gryffindors The World Has Ever Known'. The \Harry Potter\ tribute honored Luis Vielma, a victim of the Orlando shooting.
One Year Later, Arizona Real Estate Investor Still Missing. What happened to Sidney Cranston remains as much a mystery today as it did when he vanished on June 16, 2015.
Authorities Find Body Of Toddler Snatched By Gator Near Disney Resort. The 2-year-old boy had been wading in the water with his family Tuesday night when the attack occurred.
Man Calls Muslim Women \u2018Terrorists\u2019 On The NYC Subway, Gets Shut Down In The Best Way. \This is New York City. The most diverse place in the world. And in New York, we protect our own.\
Accused Charleston Shooter Dylann Roof To Have Jury Trial, Judge Rules. The trial is scheduled to begin on Nov. 7.
Veteran Reportedly Helped Guide Dozens To Safety During Orlando Shooting. The former Marine said he wished he could've \saved more.\
Search Underway For 3 Kids Taken By Man Wanted For Child Porn. The children are believed to be with Jason \Travis\ Simon, 37, and his girlfriend, Sarah Joy VanOcker-Dunn, 36.
Orlando Vigils Around The World Fight Hate With Love, Unity. The LGBT community refuses to hide.
London Vigil For Orlando Victims Draws Thousands. The international LGBT community is responding to hate with a massive showing of unity.
A stranger was bleeding in the parking lot. This man saved his life with a shirt and a bear hug. It was last call early Sunday morning at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Josh McGill and his roommate were with hundreds
Oscar Pistorius Is A 'Broken Man,' Psychologist Says At Sentencing. \In my opinion his current condition warrants hospitalization,\ the psychologist said of the former Paralympian who was convicted of murder.
Shooting Rampage Results In 'Mass Casualties' At Orlando Gay Nightclub. ORLANDO, Fla., June 12 (Reuters) - A gunman killed at least 20 people and injured 42 others in a crowded gay nightclub in
New Mexico Man Accused Of Killing Wife, 4 Children. A New Mexico man is accused of fatally shooting his wife and four daughters in their family home and then fleeing in his
Army Reserve Major Threatened Mosque Members With Bacon, Gun. The armed man reportedly threatened to kill a member and attempted to run over others.
Omar Mateen Identified As Orlando Club Shooter. \He was always angry, sweating, just angry at the world,\u201d one former co-worker says.
U.S. Official. An FBI official cautioned that proving the suspected link to radical Islamism required further investigation.
Witnesses Recount Horror At Orlando Nightclub During Mass Shooting. \We don't know why he chose our club ... It's a safe space and everyone knows that.\
The Chilling Texts A Mother Received From Her Son In Orlando Gay Bar. The last text she received said
New Details Emerge About Deadliest Mass Shooting In U.S. History. \u201cThe one thing that we can say is that this is being treated as a terrorist investigation,\u201d said President Barack Obama.
Orlando Gunman's Father Says Son Was Upset By Gay Kiss, Not Motivated By Religion. \We're apologizing for the whole incident,\ his father said.
Another Morning, Another Shooting. Well here we are again. Waking up to reports of a mass shooting. This time in Orlando.
After Joyful Adoption Photo Goes Viral, Cops Say The Dog Has To Go. Officials say he looks like a pit bull, which are banned in the township.
Thief Dresses Like Apple Store Employee, Makes Off With 19 iPhones. A man dressed like an Apple store employee waltzed into the company's New York City SoHo location and used the disguise to
Rapist Brock Turner Gets Lifetime Ban From Team USA Swimming. Brock Turner may have a short stint behind bars, but he\u2019ll have a lifetime ban from the pool.
Officer Shoots Rock-Wielding Man At Dallas Airport. Police say the man was involved in a domestic dispute and rushed the police officer.
Body Of Missing Gravel Pit Worker Found Nearly A Week After Mine Collapse. Another man is still missing after a mudslide at Green Brothers Gravel Pit near Crystal Springs, Mississippi.
Brock Turner's Sentence Will Be Even Shorter Than You Think. The sex offender and former Stanford student is scheduled to spend just 3 months in jail, where he will be under protective custody.
Woman Impaled By Umbrella While Celebrating Birthday At The Beach. Lottie Belk of Chester, Virginia, was 55.
Georgia Man Shot By Police Who May Have Responded To Wrong Address. William Powell was shot in the neck when a police officer fired his weapon after the 63-year-old did not comply with orders to drop his handgun.
Border Militia Co-Founder Convicted Of Child Molestation In Arizona. An Arizona jury on Wednesday convicted the co-founder of a border militia group of molesting a 5-year-old girl but acquitted
NYC Schools Punished Students For Being Victims Of Sexual Assault, Lawsuit Claims. The New York City Education Department has a pattern of discrediting and punishing victims of sexual assault, particularly
Chief Of New York City Corrections Officers Union Arrested For Fraud. The powerful leader of the union that represents New York City correction officers, whose alliances with mayors and governors
Pressure Builds On Judge Over California Sexual Assault Case. \Six months for someone who viciously attacked a woman, especially after she was so brave to come forward, is outrageous.\
November Trial Date Set For Charleston Shooter Dylann Roof. If convicted, Roof will likely face the death penalty.
Chief Of New York City Corrections Officers Union Arrested For Corruption. It's the first major prosecution amid state and federal corruption probes.
276 Dogs Rescued From A Single New Jersey Home After Hoarding Nightmare. Some dogs were reportedly found inside the walls of the Howell Township home.
Colorado Man Arrested After Challenging Daughter To A 'Duel'. The challenge led to a brief shootout in the family's El Paso County home Wednesday, authorities said.
UCLA Gunman Killed Estranged Wife Before Campus Attack. The 31-year-old had been dead for some time when they discovered her, police said.
Staten Island Teen Dies From Asthma While Fleeing Racist Crew Waving Gun. Dayshen McKenzie died while running for his life. The black Staten Island teen, fleeing what witnesses described as a mostly
Beating Death Of Transgender Man In Vermont Homeless Camp Leads To Arrests. They are to be charged with murder.
Queens Man Unaware Of $2 Bail, Spends Nearly 5 Months At Rikers Island. He could have been free for the cost of a cup of coffee. A Queens man spent nearly five months at Rikers Island \u2014 from November
Surgical Tech In Needle-Swap Scandal At Swedish Medical Center Has HIV. A surgical technologist accused of swapping needles to steal powerful drugs from Swedish Medical Center has tested positive
UCLA Shooter Had 'Kill List,' Left Another Victim. Investigators found the list while searching the crime scene in a small office in an engineering building on the UCLA campus.
Two Killed In Apparent Murder-Suicide At UCLA. The campus is safe after a two-hour lockdown.
Amid a Growing Movement to Close Rikers, One Prisoner Approaches Six Years Without Trial. Anna has made the trip to Rikers hundreds of times in the nearly six years her son has been awaiting trial. Each time, a
Ex-Cop Arrested For Fatally Shooting Church Drummer Whose Car Broke Down. Nouman Raja was in plain clothes and in an unmarked van when he shot Corey Jones as he waited for help.
Investigation Underway After Alligators Found Eating Human Body In Canal. \Could it be a homicide, could it be a suicide, could it be natural, a fisherman? We don\u2019t know,\ police said.
Road Rage Video Shows Driver Crushing Veteran's Motorcycle With His Car. \I thought the guy was trying to kill us, obviously,\u201d the injured biker said.
Man Accused Of Driving Through Memorial Day Cross Display. \This is something you don't do. This is a form of desecration.\
Car Plunges Off 200-Foot Sea Cliff On Hawaii's Hana Highway. The fall killed one woman and critically injured another.
WWII Plane That Crashed In Hudson River Was Attempting Emergency Landing. The deceased pilot was called an \extraordinary,\ aviator.
'Random' Shooting Rampage In Houston Leaves 2 Dead, 6 Wounded. May 29 (Reuters) - Police in Houston killed a gunman on Sunday in a chaotic shootout that left one other person dead, six
1 Dead, 3 Injured In Shooting At T.I. Concert In NYC. At this time, no arrests have been made.
White High School Football Players Accused Of Coat Hanger Assault On Black, Disabled Teammate. The victim's family alleges in a $10 million lawsuit that coaches and administrators failed to stop months of racist abuse.
Massachusetts Policeman Slain, Suspect Killed After Manhunt. May 22 (Reuters) - A central Massachusetts police officer was shot to death during a traffic stop early on Sunday, prompting
Untold Damage. Most shootings with four deaths or injuries are invisible outside their communities.\u00a0And most of the lives they scar are
Drug-Addled Puppy 'Looks Much Better' After Undergoing Doggie Rehab. The dog was found in a motel room with meth, heroin and nicotine in his system.
World's 2nd Oldest Female Orangutan Is Euthanized After Declining Health. The 54-year-old Bornean orangutan was a mother of four and surrogate to two babies at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.
Man Accused Of Paying Stripper For Lap Dance With Fake $100 Bill. Stephen Gidcumb allegedly printed the counterfeit cash at home.
George Zimmerman Gun Sells For $250,000. Zimmerman has said he will use the funds to combat anti-police groups and Hillary Clinton.
San Francisco Police Chief Ousted After Fatal Police Shooting. Embattled Chief Greg Suhr submitted his resignation after the mayor asked for it.
Jury Finds Cinemark Theater Chain Not Liable In 2012 Colorado Movie Massacre. Jurors ruled in favor of Cinemark USA Inc in the lawsuit filed by more than two dozen surviving victims and relatives of the dead, court spokesman Rob McCallum said on Twitter.
New York City Police Fatally Shoot Man With Knife Near Times Square. Authorities said he had refused to drop the weapon during the rush hour scuffle.
L.A. School District Reaches $88-Million Settlement In Sex Misconduct Cases At Two Campuses. The Los Angeles school district will pay $88 million to settle sexual abuse cases at two elementary schools where complaints
New Evidence Frees Convicted Murderer Who Spent 19 Years Behind Bars. \I feel blessed,\ John Nolley, 42, said after leaving a Texas courtroom Tuesday.
9-Year-Old Girl Killed In Shooting Asked Police Days Earlier If They Could Keep Her Safe. Zalayia Jenkins would have turned 10 this Tuesday.
Judge Throws The Book At Ohio Puppy Killer, Calls Him 'Inhuman'. \Would I like to put you in the dumpster? Yeah,\u201d the judge told Michael Andrew Sutton.
Coast Guard Calls Off Search For Passenger Missing From Cruise Ship Off Texas. Samantha Broberg, 33, was reported missing and might have fallen overboard about 195 miles from the Texas coast.
Search Underway After Texas Woman Falls Off Carnival Cruise Ship. Samantha Broberg, 33, was sitting on a deck railing and fell backwards into the water, a Carnival spokeswoman said.
Alabama Wants To Execute Man Despite Questions Of Mental Competency. The state has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn Vernon Madison's stay so it can move forward with his execution.
Auction For George Zimmerman's Gun Used To Kill Trayvon Martin Hijacked By Fake Buyers. Bidding had hit $65 million on Friday.
2 Troopers Suspended After Videotaped Pummeling Of Suspect. Authorities have called the officers' behavior \disturbing.\
George Zimmerman Auctioning Off Gun Used To Kill Trayvon Martin. Claims he'll use the money against Hillary Clinton, Black Lives Matter and the state attorney who charged him with second-degree murder.
Accused Planned Parenthood Gunman Ruled Mentally Incompetent To Stand Trial. By Keith Coffman COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - The man accused of killing three people and wounding nine others in
Investigators. The disaster killed 15 people.
Televised Police Chase Ends With Officers Beating Suspect. TV cameras pulled back and broadcasters used euphemisms rather than describing what happened.
San Francisco Area Deputies Charged Over Videotaped Beating. Video shows the deputies punching and hitting Petrov with batons at least three dozen times as he screams \I'm sorry,\ \Help me,\ and \Oh my God.\
Cuts Like a (Gravity) Knife. 
Maryland Shooting Suspect Eulalio Tordil Charged With Murder. Tordil is suspected of killing his wife, two strangers and wounding three others in a two-day shooting rampage.
Man Shoots Up Bathroom When Occupant Takes Too Long, Police Say. He seemed a little flushed.
\u2018Acid Bandit\u2019 Wears Ridiculous Fake Beard In Terrifying Bank Heist. The FBI warns the robber is armed and dangerous.
Three Victims Shot At Maryland Mall, Suspect At Large. The shooting victims - two male and one female - were taken to a hospital.
Officer Captured After Shooting Spree Leaves 3 Dead In Maryland. Police say Eulalio Tordil, 62, fatally shot his wife on Thursday, and opened fire on two shopping centers Friday.
Michigan Man Sprayed Poison On Open Food At Grocery Stores, FBI Says. Kyle Andrew Bessemer, 29, was charged.
Watchdog Probes Alleged 'Profiling' Of Somalis At Minneapolis Airport. WASHINGTON, May 5 (Reuters) - A U.S. Homeland Security Department watchdog unit is investigating alleged \profiling\ of Somali
LAPD Hacked Into iPhone Of Slain Wife Of 'Shield' Actor, Documents Show. Los Angeles police investigators obtained a method to open the locked iPhone belonging to the slain wife of \The Shield\ actor
Texas Man Kills Co-Worker, Then Takes Own Life. The gunman was heard shouting \y'all ruined my life\ before he started shooting.
Plane Hit Bald Eagle Before Crashing In Alaska, Killing 4. The National Transportation Safety Board revealed its findings about the crash on Wednesday.
Armed Burglary At Fraternity House Leaves Engineering Student Dead. A $20,000 reward is being offered for information on Joseph Micalizzi's shooting near the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
Man Fined $100,000 After Shining Laser At Ferry, Injuring 2. Mark Raden's fine comes less than a year after he was accused of shining a laser in a police officer's face.
Top L.A. Sheriff\u2019s Official Resigns Over Racist Emails. The messages made fun of Muslims, African-Americans, Latinos, women and victims of child abuse, among others.
Jerry Sandusky Heads Back To Court To Overturn Child Molestation Conviction. The former Penn State assistant football coach is serving 30 to 60 years in prison after being convicted of molesting 10 boys.
Toddlers Have Shot At Least 23 People This Year. This past week, a Milwaukee toddler fatally shot his mother after finding a handgun in the back seat of the car they were
Louisiana Prisoner Freed After 41 Years Of Unconstitutional Life Sentence. At 16, Tyler was the youngest person on Louisiana's death row.
FBI arrests brother of San Bernardino terrorist and 2 others on marriage fraud charges. Federal agents arrested three people, including the older brother of San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook,\u00a0on charges
The Blue Man Group Has One More Reason To Be Blue After Costume Theft. \u201cIf anybody sees any blue men running around, call 911,\u201d police said.
Boozing Altitude. 151 passengers were aboard.
Brother Of San Bernardino Shooter Among 3 Arrested By FBI. The three were arrested on charges of federal conspiracy, marriage fraud and making false statements.
Yet Another Toddler Accidentally Shot And Killed His Mother. The 2-year-old grabbed a gun his mom's boyfriend had left in the car.
11-year-old Burned After School Driver Asks Him To Move Power Line. \She shouldn\u2019t have asked a kid to get off the bus, at all,\ the boy's mom fumed.
Female Firefighter's Suspected Suicide Sparks Cyberbullying Probe. The investigation comes just days after 31-year-old Nicole Mittendorff's death.
Connecticut Man Arrested For Threatening To Bomb Trump Rally. Sean Morkys, 20, allegedly posted the threat on Twitter and told a friend to warn relatives attending the event.
Shooting At High School Prom Leaves 1 Dead, 2 Students Injured. The students were leaving Antigo High School when they were wounded by a suspect armed with a rifle, police said.
Missing Teens' Boat, Cell Phone Found Nearly A Year After Boys Were Lost At Sea. The mother of one of the boys hopes the iPhone will reveal what happened to them.
It's Time to Enfranchise People With Felonies. There's no public safety justification for stripping people of their right to vote.  In fact, it's more likely that exercising the right to vote contributes to normalcy and law abiding behavior than the opposite.
Priest Collared For Requesting Oral Sex In The Park, Sheriff Says. \My whole family, they are shocked over it.\
Gunman Kills 5 In Georgia. The suspect was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Mortician Who Inspired 'Bernie' Movie Sent Back To Prison For Widow's Murder. He's been re-sentenced in the 1999 murder of 81-year-old Marjorie Nugent.
More Than 500 Pounds Of Explosives Stolen From Train. Federal law enforcement investigators are searching in at least three states for more than 500 pounds of explosives stolen
Guy Reportedly Caught On Video Stopping Traffic So He Can Moon The Police. No butts about it.
Employees Allegedly Paid In Meth For Their Bonus. Police say each staff member was handed half a gram of the illicit drug.
8 Family Members Dead In Mass Shooting In Ohio, Authorities Say. Other relatives have been warned to take \particular caution.\
Delaware Student Dies After Fight In High School Bathroom. Two students were taken for questioning by police.
Video Shows Bystanders Didn't Help Assault Victim Before He Was Run Over. Surveillance video released Wednesday captures the last moments of a popular hotel cocktail server who was punched and knocked
Ex-New Orleans Cops Plead Guilty In Post-Katrina Killings. The former officers were convicted in 2011 over an incident in which police fired on unarmed people walking over the city's Danziger Bridge in September 2005.
Florida Tiger That Killed Zookeeper Is Now Receiving Threats. One of the Palm Beach Zoo's four Malayan tigers killed Stacey Konwiser, a keeper and tiger expert, last Friday.
Gun Homicides In San Bernardino Hit Grim Milestone. Around 2 a.m. on Sunday morning, a 20-year-old Marine was gunned down in San Bernardino, California.
Mother Of Slain Aurora Teen Calls Out Bernie Sanders On Gun Control. She accused the Democratic presidential candidate of laughing about gun violence and having no compassion for victims.
Reporter Helps Driver Escape Sinking Vehicle On Live TV. \I don't know what to do!\ the driver called as his car sank with him inside.
Manhunt Underway For Brothers After Couple's Suspected Murder. John Reed, 53, and Tony Reed, 49, are both convicted felons and considered \armed and dangerous,\ authorities said.
Woman Accused Of Smuggling Cocaine Inside Coffee Bags. That's not creamer!
2 Firefighters Shot, 1 Fatally While Responding To Call In Maryland. The firefighters were responding to a routine welfare check.
Couple Threatened With Jail For Overdue Library Books. Talk about throwing the book at them.
Escaped Jail Inmate Found Hiding Inside A Dishwasher. \He took out the racks and made himself a nice cubby hole.\
Jack McCullough Freed After Wrongful Conviction For 1957 Murder. New evidence corroborated an alibi for McCullough.
Manson 'Family' Member Seeks Parole For 1969 Murders. Leslie Van Houten is serving a life sentence.
Judge Weighs Bid To Dismiss Child Sex Abuse Claim Against Cosby. Cosby lost a previous bid to fend off the same lawsuit on similar grounds last year.
Georgia Executes Kenneth Earl Fults, Man Who Killed Neighbor. Fults claimed he shot his neighbor in a \dream-like state,\ which was determined to be a lie.
Cop's Conviction Brought Thousands Of Asian Americans Into New York's Streets. On a Saturday in February, Chivy Ngo, who owns Mister Bo Ky restaurant in Brooklyn, took a rare three-hour lunch break, closed
A Death In Police Custody. Jaime Galvan\u2019s family made no sound on the frigid morning when they visited his grave. There were no bereaved memorials, no
Traffic Courts Are Driving Inequality In California. For Prentiss Mayo, negative interactions with the criminal justice system are a part of life. The 34-year-old native of Oakland
Accused Colorado Clinic Shooter Hoped Fetuses Would Thank Him For Stopping Abortions. Robert Lewis Dear is charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder.
Former South Carolina Police Officer Reportedly Gets Probation For Black Man's Slaying. \We couldn't ask for a better outcome as far as the sentence is concerned.\
Jury Finds Ex-Cop Guilty Of Child Molestation, He Drinks Poison. Kelless Twohearts Lory consumed a toxic substance after the verdict was read out.
Texas Cop Fired After Filmed Body Slamming Middle School Girl. \We want to be clear. We will not tolerate this behavior,\ the school's superintendent said.
Man Says Horror Dental Procedure Left Him Toothless. \I just want to get teeth in my head and go on.\
Real-Life Hamburglar Allegedly Breaks Into Five Guys, Makes Himself A Burger. Some people will do anything for a Five Guys burger... allegedly.
Former New Orleans Saints Footballer Will Smith Shot Dead. The Super Bowl winner was reportedly killed, and his wife injured, after a minor traffic collision.
Bank Robbers Wrap Up Head-To-Toe In Aluminum Foil For Heist. They thought the cloak would help them beat the alarm system.
Arsonist Who Took Selfie Video Sentenced To 20 Years For Wildfires. Wayne Allen Huntsman will also pay $60 million for causing injuries to California firefighters.
Ex-Vanderbilt Football Player Convicted Of Raping Unconscious Student. Cory Batey faces a sentence of 15 to 25 years in prison.
Alleged Mastermind Of Texas Dentist's Murder Arrested In Mexico. Brenda Delgado, who was on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List, was detained in the city of Torreon.
Suspects Chased By Cops Spin Doughnuts On Hollywood Street. Only in L.A.
Tennessee Police Officer Fatally Shoots Axe-Wielding Attacker. The suspect reportedly threatened the officer with an axe as sheriff\u2019s deputies and public housing officials were serving her an eviction notice.
NYPD Cop Didn't Use Excessive Force In Fatal Shooting, Jury Finds. A civil jury cleared Sergeant William Flores, who shot a man in the head after the suspect fell to the ground.
Teen Inventor Killed After Rocket-Powered Skateboard Explodes. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t meant to go up into the sky.\u201d
Texas To Execute Man For Murdering Boy And Drinking His Blood. Pablo Vasquez, 38, will be put to death by lethal injection for the 12-year-old boy's gruesome killing.
Man Survives Nearly Driving Off A Cliff Only To Be Hit By A Bus. He\u2019s either California\u2019s luckiest or unluckiest driver.
Scuba Diver Killed While Exploring Deadly Underwater Caverns. New Mexico's Blue Hole has been closed to the public for 40 years, but Shane Thompson had permission to venture inside.
What We Can Learn From German Prisons. In a country that has only a fraction of our incarceration rate, even Germany's deepest-end prisons are humane and decent in ways that, at least at present, are difficult to fathom in the U.S. context.
Knife 'Found' At O.J. Simpson's Former Home Ruled Out As 1994 Murder Weapon. \We don't know if it's a hoax, but there's no nexus to the murders.\
Serial Killer's Ohio Home Available For Rent During Republican Convention. Jeffrey Dahmer committed his first murder inside the house.
Bikini-Clad Attackers Gang Up On Woman In Disturbing Video, Cops Say. The beating left the victim with serious injuries.
Woman Bitten By Police Dog As She Slept Is Challenging How Cops Use Dogs. The San Diego Police Department trains dogs to enter a building and bite the first person they find.
In Fatal Shootings By Police, 1 In 5 Officers' Names Go Undisclosed. One evening last September, Pamela Anderson\u2019s 33-year-old son was threatening her and needed to go to the hospital for medication
Human Rights Watch Chastises Louisiana For Endangering HIV-Positive Inmates. The group denounces the lack of HIV testing and treatment inside parish jails.
Passenger Arrested After In-Flight Yoga Session Turns Violent. Hyongtae Pae, 72, reportedly threatened to kill passengers who tried to get him back in his seat.
Muslim Woman Lied About Being Slashed In Face And Called 'Terrorist' (UPDATE). Police say the woman cut a 2-inch gash in her own face as part of the lie.
Man Sentenced For Fatally Beating 9-Year-Old Boy Over Birthday Cake. Robert Wilson will spend the next 30 years behind bars.
Listen To Angry Woman Dial 911 Over Wrong Pizza Toppings. She could have received a refund... had she not eaten half the pie by the time police showed up.
Another Sandy Hook Playground Is Desecrated, and a Connecticut Woman Springs Into Action. Vandals destroyed a statue of a toy solider dedicated to a 6-year-old hailed for his heroism during the massacre. Now Kellie
State Trooper Killed In Shooting At Virginia Greyhound Bus Station. The shooter is also dead.
Convicted Killer John Modie Captured After Escape From Ohio Prison. Modie is serving 18 years to life in prison for the 2002 murder of a 26-year-old woman in Cleveland.
Cabbie Drives Self To Police Station After Getting Shot In The Face In East Orange. EAST ORANGE, N.J. (CBSNewYork) \u2014 A taxi driver managed to drive himself to a police station to get help after he was shot
Drunk American Airlines Pilot Arrested Right Before His Flight. FAA regulations bar any pilot from flying within eight hours of having a drink.
Masked Robber Foiled After Unfriending Victim On Facebook. Ryley Smith was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison.
Second Ex-Student Admits To Placing Noose On Ole Miss Statue. The rope was hung over the memorial to James Meredith, the school's first black student.
Doc Says There's A Reason His Semen Could Be On A Patient's Face. He's charged with sexually abusing four women in ER.
Canadian Judge Finds Radio Star Jian Ghomeshi Not Guilty Of Sexual Assault. Three women told the court that Ghomeshi hit them, pulled their hair, or choked them during intimacy.
Angry Customer Unleashes 13-Foot-Long Python In A Los Angeles Sushi Restaurant. Maybe he just should've left a bad review on Yelp.
Texas Executes Adam Ward, Man Who Killed City Worker. Ward's lawyers had sought to halt the execution, arguing he suffered from severe mental illness.
Students Found With Bomb-Making Materials At George Mason University, Cops Say. Flames were shooting out of a dormitory window, according to police.
Easter Bunny Gets Hopping Mad In New Jersey Mall Brawl. Somebody needs to review his mall bunny training.
Austin Police Officer Caught On Video Allegedly Pepper-Spraying Handcuffed Man. The incident, which happened during SXSW, is under investigation.
'Very Disorderly' Waldo Makes It Easy For Police To Find Him. He should have stuck to blending in.
Texas Mother Arrested For Allegedly Burning 2-Year-Old Daughter In Hot Oven. The toddler was airlifted to the hospital suffering from second- and third-degree burns.
Human Skull Found Near Hollywood Sign In Los Angeles. It's the second time in four years a skull has been found there.
Paddlers Find Dead Dog Tied To Shovel Stuck Underwater. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is investigating.
Prep School Sexual Assault Convict Owen Labrie Sent To Prison. The case exposed a tradition of sexual abuse at the prestigious school.
Body Of Teen Girl Found In Texas Field Days After Father's Killing. Authorities said this week they feared Adriana Coronado was in \great danger.\
California College Student In\u00a0Stabbing Spree Was Inspired By ISIS And Acted Alone, FBI Says. The student stabbed four people and was shot dead by police last fall at UC Merced.
South Carolina Police Officer Killed While Serving Warrant. The suspect called his mother before killing himself.
Abdul Malik Abdul Kareem Guilty Of Conspiring To Support ISIS In Texas Attack. It is the first ISIS-related prosecution to reach trial in the U.S.
Lawsuit Against Uber By Driver Charged With Murder A Hoax, Court Says. The two-page hand-written lawsuit says it's Uber's fault Dalton is in prison.
Seattle's Vigilante 'Bike Batman' Confronts Thieves, Gets Stolen Bicycles Back. \The only reason I do this is because it's the right thing to do.\
DJ Fined For Playing 'F**k Tha Police' While Cops Cleared Out Bar. Officers say the music represented \an intentional act... to incite the crowd.\
Nephew Of Inmate Who Beat Up Jared Fogle Says He Was Seeking 'Justice' For Abused Kids. The beatdown came just two months into the former Subway pitchman's sentence.
Andy Benavidez, Accused In Racist Assault, Claims He's 'Allergic To Black People'. He reportedly wore a surgical mask during the fight so he wouldn't catch germs.
Police Say Friendly Fire That Killed Maryland Officer A 'Tragic' Misunderstanding. Prince George's County Police Chief Henry Stawinski said he did not believe the officer who fired the fatal shot had deliberately targeted a fellow officer.
Good Samaritan, Cops Save Kittens Left To Die In Suitcase. Video caught someone throwing the felines over a fence.
Why Police Warned Their Community About A Rap Battle Challenge. The police chief says the incident was no joke.
Car Flips 4 Stories From Parking Garage, Driver Escapes Without Serious Injuries. The accident sheared off part of a streetlight.
Michigan Shooting Spree Suspect Says Uber App Controlled Him. The five-hour rampage left 6 people dead and two more injured.
Fort Worth Police Officer Critically Wounded After Making Traffic Stop. Police \flooded\ the area to pursue an outstanding suspect.
Hatchet-Wielding Attacker Shot Dead By 7-Eleven Customer, Deputies Say. \He probably saved lives in this case,\ an official said.
Slain Maryland Officer Died By Friendly Fire During Station Ambush [UPDATE]. Four officers discharged their weapons during the gunfight, but authorities are not yet ready to identify which officer fired the fatal round.
White Man Allegedly Yelled 'Trump' As He Beat Up Muslim And Latino Men. It was just another late Friday night at Wichita State University \u2014 so late that it might have been early Saturday.
Police In LA Shoot And Kill Suspected Cruiser Thief After High-Speed Chase. Officers opened fire after ramming the police car on Sunday night.
Officer Pulled From Patrol After Video Appears To Show Him Spraying Bikers. Police in Fort Worth, Texas, say they are reviewing body and dash cam footage of the incident.
Teen Vanishes After Moving To Atlanta To Start A New Life. \She was trying to prove that she can do it,\ her mother said.
Inmates Stab Officer, Set Fires In Alabama Prison Riot. The officer was treated with non-life threatening injuries.
Snowmobiler Ambushes Iditarod Front-Runners, Runs Over Sled Dogs. The alleged assailant killed Nash, a 3-year-old male dog.
'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan Defends Methods Amid Animal Abuse Investigation. A petition is calling for the dog trainer to cancel his show.
Amber Alert Canceled After 7-Year-Old Ariel Revello Found Safe. Authorities say the boy's father may have taken him during a violent domestic dispute.
Man Pulls Gun On Taxi Driver, Oblivious To The Waiting Cop Behind Them. \It was like a vision of God when I saw those lights.\
Gunmen Shoot Up Backyard Party Near Pittsburgh, Killing At Least 5. At this time, the suspects are still at large.
Officer Who Slit Restrained Dog's Throat To Get $45,000 In Back Pay. The pup had escaped from home and bitten a woman trying to read her tags.
19 Severely Neglected Dogs Discovered In 'Unventilated' U-Haul; 2 Arrested For Animal Cruelty. The dogs were living in their own waste, caged without food or water.
Man Suspected Of Shooting Idaho Pastor Who Led Prayer At Ted Cruz Rally Arrested. The Secret Service reportedly took Kyle Odom into custody on Tuesday night after he allegedly threw unspecified objects over the White House fence.
Hollywood Cinematographer Arrested For DUI While Reportedly Driving With Son. Stuart Dryburgh, who was nominated for an Oscar for his work on \The Piano,\ was arrested in New York City.
California Commuter Train Derails Into Creek; At Least 14 Hurt. None of the injuries were life-threatening.
Authorities Chase Alleged Gunman Wanted In Quintuple Homicide. Pablo Antonio Serrano-Vitorino may be armed with an AK-47, police say.
Garbage Truck Driver Miraculously Survives Plunge From Highway Ramp. The terrifying accident was caught on the vehicle's dashcam.
Man Accused Of Shooting And Burning 2 People After Refusing To Pay Cab Fare. James Edward Loftis claims he shot the men after they forced their way inside his home demanding money, according to police.
Ruh-Roh! Runaway 'Mystery Machine' Takes Police On High-Speed Chase. Assemble the gang!
Maine Man Charged In 1980 Cold Case Murder Of Teenage Girl. Philip Scott Fournier, 55, was taken into custody over the killing of 16-year-old Joyce McLain.
What a Knife Can Tell Us About the O. J. Simpson Case - The New Yorker. What was the murder weapon? And what happened to it? And how exactly did the murders take place in the crowded space in front
Police Seek 'Cute,' 'Handsome' And 'Well Dressed' Con Man. He allegedly made several high dollar purchases using cloned credit cards.
Brazilian Man Hides In SUV's Gas Tank In Desperate Bid To Enter U.S.. A 40-year-old Californian was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle him over the border from Mexico.
Woman Guilty Of Killing 6 Family Members At Christmas Eve Gathering. Michele Anderson gunned down her relatives after a dispute over money.
State Trooper Accused Of Raping Woman Gets Just 6 Months In Jail. As part of a plea deal, Samuel McHenry admitted only to sexual misconduct.
Suspect Makes Sure He's Caught On Camera During Bizarre Break-In. Police say these surveillance images show Ellis Battista paying for his loot.
Police Hope Perps Will Fall For This 'Lost And Found' Meth Ad. \We all know the emptiness inside when we lose something so valuable.\
'Goddess Temple' Leader Says Church Is Not A Brothel; Jury Disagrees. \The body is sacred,\ the defendant's son said. \That may include the genitals. In fact, I'm pretty sure it does.\u201d
Accused Fake 'Teen Doctor' Malachi Love-Robinson Arrested Again. The 18-year-old is accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman who he \treated\ for stomach pain.
Teen Allegedly Shoots Family After They Wake Him Up For School. His family says they had no idea he even had a gun.
Stolen Taco Truck Hits School Bus, Crashes Into Propane Tanker. Somehow, this was not a Will Ferrell movie.
Man Accused Of Masturbating In Car Near Girl Scouts. A judge has ordered him to remain at least 100 yards away from any Girl Scout event.
More Than A Third Of People Shot By LAPD In 2015 Were Mentally Ill. The report found a marked increase in the shooting of mentally ill people from the previous year.
San Francisco Deputies Charged For Allegedly Forcing Inmates To Fight. The district attorney says guards in a county jail watched as prisoners were pitted against each other.
Video Captures A Violent Brawl Between KKK And Protesters In Southern California. Several Klan members were arrested this weekend after stabbing three people who were protesting their rally.
Ukrainian Accused Of Posing As High School Student Faces Underage Sex Charge. \What can I say. I did abuse the system, yes. Yes, I did.\
Suspect Arrested In Killing Of Rookie Police Officer And Civilian Woman. Ronald Williams Hamilton is suspected of killing his wife and a police officer and wounding two other people.
\u2018Execution-Style\u2019 Killing Of 3 Young Men Sparks Outrage (UPDATE). Two of the young men were Muslim, but local police do not believe it was a hate crime.
Girl Abducted From Montana Park Found Alive; Suspect In Custody. Maci Madelyn Lilley, 5, was found a few miles outside the Fort Peck Indian Reservation two days after she went missing.
Woman Allegedly Steals Cash From Girl Who Lost Her Family In A Fire. The suspect was a volunteer for a group that opened and organized mail and gifts sent to the child.
Washington State Gunman Killed Wife, Her 2 Sons, Neighbor. The man fatally shot himself in front of police after an hours-long standoff.
3 Stabbed During Ku Klux Klan Rally In Southern California. One Klan member stabbed a counterprotester with the tip of a flagpole.
Armed Robber Wears 'Deadpool' Mask To Hold Up Ohio Bank. Police say he fled with around $2,000.
Police Hunt For Man Traveling The Midwest And Stealing Rogaine. The suspect, who is bald, reportedly has taken thousands of dollars of the hair-growth formula from multiple stores.
Washington State Shooting Leaves 5 Dead. The man reportedly killed himself in front of law enforcement.
Ukrainian Man Allegedly Posed As A High School Student For 3 Years Without Getting Caught. \I marveled at his maturity,\ a former school district official said.
Test Drive Leaves Car Salesman Dead, Driver Facing DUI Charges. Witnesses say the red Corvette was driving around 70 mph when it crashed into a tree Tuesday.
Man Indicted On Murder Charge In Mississippi Teen's Burning Death. The announcement comes about a year after 19-year-old Jessica Chambers was found dead.
Minnesota Realizes 'FMUSLMS' Vanity Plate Maybe Isn't Such A Hot Idea. The driver's alternative requests were \PETALOL\ and \8SLUGTHG.\
Dog Patiently Waits For Weeks On Doorstep For Murdered Owner's Return. \u201cHe would follow the cars and when he would realize that it was not his owner's car, he would just stand there and look helpless.\u201d
Kalamazoo Shooting Suspect Switched Cars Amid Rampage. Uber driver Jason Dalton crashed his SUV fleeing the first shooting scene and was driving a second vehicle when he was arrested.
Suspect Nabbed In Viral Video Attack On Chinese Food Delivery Man. The alleged attacker is only 13.
Suspected Kalamazoo Mass Shooter Faces 6 Counts Of Murder. Jason Dalton, an Uber driver, allegedly picked up passengers in between the shooting rampage.
Judge Blocks Attempt To Halt Deposition Of Bill Cosby's Wife. The defamation case was brought by seven women against the disgraced entertainer.
Mechanic Stole City Bus Because He Was Late For Work, Police Say. Gregory Jennrich, 31, has been charged with felony auto theft.
Michigan Shooting Spree Suspect To Appear In Court After Allegedly Killing 6. Jason B. Dalton is expected to be arraigned on multiple counts of murder.
Teen Allegedly Posed As A State Senator And No One Noticed For Weeks. \They could easily have Googled me and they didn\u2019t.\
Grandparents Give Teen Tough Love After Seeing Him On Surveillance Footage. They turned 18-year-old Jonathan Ratcliff over to police.
2 NYPD Officers Shot, The 3rd And 4th Shot This Month. This shooting is just the latest in a series of incidents that has left four other NYPD officers dead since December.
College Student's Bizarre Death Allegedly Linked To Frat Hazing. The talented Bradley Doyley may have been forced to drink a toxic substance.
This City's Pit Bull Ban Has Failed Miserably To Prevent Dog Bites. Advocates have said for years that breed-specific legislation just doesn't work.
Burglar Falls Through Ceiling Of Popeye's Restaurant In Hours-Long Robbery. And it wasn't the popcorn shrimp he was after.
JPSO Arrests Girlfriend Of Man Slain By Jefferson Deputies In New Orleans. Jefferson Parish authorities on Wednesday arrested the girlfriend of Eric Harris, the man fatally shot in Central City last
Nevada Rancher Cliven Bundy Indicted For 2014 Standoff. He was indicted on 16 felony charges, including conspiracy, assault on a federal officer and obstruction of justice.
Ex-Sailor Executed For 1992 Murder, Dismemberment Of Crewmate. Travis Hittson, 45, was convicted of murdering 20-year-old Conway Utterbeck during a weekend leave. A third sailor assisted in the gruesome coverup.
Primary School Warns Parents To Stop Smoking Weed At Dropoff. Maybe they thought it was baking class.
Meteorologist Charged With Growing Pot, Storing Weapons. Police say they recovered seven marijuana plants and a cache of firearms and ammunition.
2 Los Angeles Cops Charged With Sexually Assaulting 4 Women While On Duty. One of the officers allegedly told a victim, \Why don\u2019t you cut out that tough-girl crap.\
Missing Man's Mom Says Anonymous Tip Led Her To His Body. Iaron Brooks' mother had publicly pleaded for the return of the 23-year-old's body after he vanished in December.
Ex-New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer Investigated For Allegedly Assaulting Woman. Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer is being investigated by the NYPD after allegedly assaulting a woman at the ritzy Plaza Hotel, sources
Man Celebrating 22nd Birthday Vanishes Outside Boston Bar, Family Says. Zachary Marr was last seen around 1:40 a.m. Saturday, according to police.
Tourists Hit With Blow Darts On San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge. One of the darts reportedly sunk two inches into a man's thigh.
New York Man Arrested In Fatal Stabbing Of Homeless Mother And Children. Michael Sykes was charged with three counts of murder.
Teen Whose Arm Was Severed In Botched Sneaker Theft Deserved It, Attorney Says. The 17-year-old's arm was ripped off after his alleged victim drove an SUV into him, surveillance video shows.
Couple's 'Kinky' Night In Handcuffs Ends In Real Arrest. The pair lost the key and called cops, who realized there was a warrant out for the husband.
Ohio Police Kill Man Who Attacked Restaurant Diners With Machete. \There was no rhyme or reason as to who he was going after.\
2 Female Teens Shot Dead At Arizona High School, Cops Say. \This was not an active shooter situation. We realized that when we got on the scene.\
A Disturbing Look At America's Domestic Violence Problem. It was just a few minutes into 2016 when shots rang out in El Cajon, California.
Cliven Bundy Arrested In Portland As Oregon Occupiers Say They Will Surrender Thursday. Cliven Bundy, the controversial Nevada rancher at the center of an armed standoff with federal officials in 2014, was arrested
Teacher Accused Of Sending Racy Photos To Students Is Fired. Sheriff's investigation ongoing.
Florida Man Arrested For Allegedly Throwing Alligator Into Drive-Through Window. A customer at a Wendy\u2019s drive-thru allegedly threw a three-and-a-half foot alligator into the window at one of the restaurant\u2019s
Couple Allegedly Allowed 9-Year-Old To Drive Home Because They Were Too Drunk. They were reportedly too intoxicated to do so themselves.
Former Texas Prosecutor Disbarred For Sending Innocent Man To Death Row. Charles Sebesta lied and presented false testimony against Robert Carter for the murders of six people.
Man Can't Have Pension of Wife He Killed. A man who admitted stabbing his wife to death in 2011, but was found not guilty by reason of insanity can not get her $21,000
New York Policeman Tearfully Describes Shooting Unarmed Black Man. \His eyes were rolled back,\ rookie police officer Peter Liang said, his voice breaking. \He was just laying there very still.\
Missing Tennessee Girl Constance 'Gabi' Morris Found (UPDATE). The 12-year-old, who also goes by Gabi, was found safe Monday morning in Oakridge.
Woman Who Pulled Over Cop Says Police Union Boss Is Bullying Her Online. Claudia Castillo's phone number and other details were posted on social media.
WATCH. He makes sure accused dealer is the fall guy.
Boy, 11, Found Guilty Of Shooting 8-Year-Old Girl Dead Over Puppy. Benjamin Tiller fatally shot McKayla Dyer in a fight over her new dogs.
Runner In Krispy Kreme Challenge Dies Following Chest Pains. The 58-year-old man dropped out of the 5-mile race before getting to the part where runners down a dozen glazed doughnuts, organizers said.
Gun-Toting 'Batman' Caught On Camera Robbing Dollar Store. The suspect wore the superhero's famous mask and a \bat\ shirt for the holdup.
6 Insanely Complicated Murder Plots (That Actually Happened). Murder, at its core, is relatively uncomplicated. One person, either out of anger or the promise of some kind of personal
Cops Kill Man With Asperger's After Being Asked To Check On Him. He had gained viral fame last year after posting a touching video of his therapy dog.
Man Who Shot Wife Dead And Put Picture On Facebook Is Sentenced. Derek Medina will spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Police Arrest Stabbing Suspect With 'Psycho' Forehead Tattoo. Charles White also has \Nazi\ inked on his throat.
Man Confesses To Killing Woman Who Didn't Want To Date Him, Police Say. He told a detective it was \easy\ to do.
Two NYPD Officers Stable, Suspect Dead Following Bronx Shooting. One suspect died from apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Photo Booth Snaps Mugshot Of Alleged Thief Stealing Cash. Machine takes pictures if it's manipulated or damaged in any way.
Robert Durst Pleads Guilty To Gun Charge, Setting Up Possible Murder Trial. Prosecutors in California want Durst in connection with the 2000 killing of writer Susan Berman.
Georgia Executes Its Oldest Death Row Inmate For 1979 Murder. Brandon Astor Jones killed a convenience store manager during a 1979 robbery.
San Francisco Vandals Keep Messing With Super Bowl 50 Signs. \It\u2019s typical San Francisco
Los Angeles Murder Suspect Mistakenly Freed From Jail, Authorities Say. Steven Lawrence Wright was awaiting trial for a gang-related murder.
Virginia Tech Student Allegedly Stabbed 13-Year-Old Girl To Death, Says Prosecutor. The victim's mother spoke out about her daughter's life.
'Butt Crack Bandit' Caught On Camera Holding Duo At Gunpoint. The man with saggy pants is wanted by cops in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
2 Virginia Tech Students Charged In Missing 13-Year-Old Girl's Murder. Natalie Keepers and David Eisenhauer, arrested one day apart, face charges in the murder of Nicole Madison Lovell.
Citizen's Tip Leads To Capture Of Escaped California Inmates. A tip from an observant woman led police to the location of the escaped inmates who had been on the run for more than a week.
1 Dead, Several Injured In Shooting, Stabbing At Motorcycle Expo. Seven people were reportedly taken to area hospitals.
Family Says Falling Snake At Disney World Bit Boy, Gave Grandma Heart Attack. They're now planning on suing the park.
Man Vanishes In Wilderness Seeking Famous 'Hidden Treasure'. Now, the man who hid the stash in the first place is leading the search.
Retired Cop's Beloved Dog To Be Auctioned Off 'Like A Shovel'. The officer wants to adopt the police dog, but state law is in the way.
Two Fundamentalist Mormon Towns Are On Trial And The Evidence Is Adding Up. The Justice Department says they denied access to water and police protection to nonchurch members.
1 Of 3 Orange County Fugitives Captured As Manhunt Continues. SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) \u2014 Police captured one of three fugitive inmates on Friday after they escaped a week ago from a California
FBI Releases Video Of Oregon Militant's Shooting Death. Four people remain at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, ignoring calls to go home.
Suspect Dies In Police Shooting In Memphis. It remains unclear what led to the chase that preceded the alleged exchange of gunfire.
Ridiculous Bat Vs. Pipe Road Rage Battle Gets 'Star Wars' Treatment. Unfortunately, the force was weak with these two.
6 Family Members Dead In Apparent Domestic Violence Mass Shooting. \It's just a shock,\ said a neighbor. \This is a close-knit neighborhood.\
'Affluenza' Teen Ethan Couch Deported From Mexico, Returns To Texas. A call for delivery pizza tipped off authorities to Couch's whereabouts.
Shooting Near Seattle Homeless Encampment Leaves 2 Dead, 3 Wounded. Police are searching for two suspects who fled into a nearby wooded area.
Prosecutor Scolded For Likening Escaped Inmate To 'Hannibal Lecter'. Orange County's district attorney described Hossein Nayeri as \sophisticated, incredibly violent and cunning.\
How One City Decided To Stop Jailing People For Unpaid Traffic Fines. The El Paso City Council today moved today to curb the practice of routinely locking people up for unpaid traffic fines without
Lawsuit. The city won't turn over records about the bizarre incident.
Teen Blinded In One Eye, But 'Lucky To Be Alive' After Duct Tape Challenge. The 14-year-old was left suffering a brain aneurysm, a crushed eye socket, and needing 48 staples to his head from the botched escape game.
Ammon Bundy Arrested, Follower Killed, During Confrontation With Law Enforcement In Oregon. Killed was Robert \LaVoy\ Finicum, who had acted as spokesman for the militants.
Elementary School Principal Fatally Hit By Bus While Saving Students' Lives. Two 10-year-old children were hospitalized with serious but non-life-threatening injuries.
Cleveland Fires 6 Officers Involved In Deadly 2012 Police Chase. Cleveland officials said Tuesday they're firing six police officers involved in a 137-shot barrage that killed two unarmed
No Evidence Of Shooting At Naval Medical Center San Diego. After a report of shots fired, the center encouraged people to \run, hide or fight.\
Escaped Inmates Had a 16 Hour Head Start And Likely Help From Inside. Jail officials didn't realize that the three inmates, charged with violent felonies, were missing until long after they vanished Friday.
Trial Opens For NYPD Officer Charged In Death Of Akai Gurley. Police Officer Peter Liang is accused of shooting into a darkened stairwell, accidentally killing Gurley.
Ex-Cop Steven Zelich Pleads Guilty To Killing Woman, Ditching Body. Zelich is also charged in the death of a second woman, whose body was found in a suitcase along a Wisconsin highway.
Manhunt Underway For 3 Inmates Who Escaped Maximum-Security Jail. The men, who authorities say cut their way through steel bars, face charges including murder, attempted murder, kidnapping, and torture.
Search Continues For 3 Inmates Who Escaped From California Jail. Sheriff\u2019s investigators Sunday were continuing to search for three dangerous prisoners who escaped from the Orange County
Police. A Claremont man was in the Catawba County Jail on Saturday charged with murder after he allegedly fatally shot a good Samaritan
Gun Shop Owner And Son Die In Shootout Over $25 Service Charge. Investigators don't know whether the customers or the owners started the shooting Saturday afternoon at McLemore Gun Shop near Picayune, Miss.
Subway Employee Allegedly Attacked After Denying Man A Sandwich. Police haven't said why the man was denied in the first place.
Evan Patrick Cater Charged In 'Suspicious Bacon' Case. He was allegedly found face down behind a dog kennel with a gun and \bacon covered in an unknown substance.\
NYC Doc Found Stabbed To Death In Shower Of $2.8M Home. Husband calls the cops, and then gets charged with murder.
Woman Jumps Into SUV And Stabs Denver Fire Chief, Police Say. Chief Eric Tade was stabbed in the hand and leg.
Yorkie Puppy's Adventure In Cocaine Trade Ends Safely, Police Say. Here's another reason to microchip your pets.
Cop Who Asked Woman To Model Lingerie For Him Gets Job Back. Some people aren't exactly happy about him getting reinstated.
Nursing Assistant Charged After Posting Nude Video Of 93-Year-Old On Snapchat. The most recent in a string of surreptitious recordings by employees of nursing homes and assisted-living centers.
Cop Allegedly Urged Drivers To Run Over Black Lives Matter Protesters. \Run them over. Keep traffic flowing and don't slow down for any of these idiots.\
St. Louis Police Officer Fatally Shoots Armed KFC Robbery Suspect. St. Louis police said the officer shot the suspect after he refused to lower his weapon.
Here's What We Know About Bill Cosby's Defense Team. 'Plucked from relative obscurity to lead a sprawling flock of lawyers.'
Ohio Police Officer Killed After 911 Warning Of Man Hunting Cops. Danville Officer Thomas Cottrell was found dead just hours after a woman warned that her ex-boyfriend was looking to kill.
Tennessee Teacher Was Driving Around With 3 Kids In Her Trunk, Say Cops. Reports seem to indicate that the children were unharmed.
Search Underway For Missing Tennessee Toddler Noah Chamberlin. The blond, blue-eyed boy hasn't been seen since Thursday, though authorities say there's \no reason\ to suspect foul play.
Shootout With Hit And Run Suspect Leaves Utah Cop, Suspect Dead. Officer Douglas Barney, a married father of three, was fatally shot while helping search for Cory Lee Henderson and his passenger Sunday.
Ex-DA Expected To Be Key Defense Witness At Cosby Hearing. Bruce Castor will be a key witness for the defense at a Feb. 2 hearing over what Cosby's lawyers have called a \non-prosecution agreement.\
NYPD. The attack comes amid increasing anxiety in the United States over the threat posed by Islamic State.
2 Dead After Rare Tornadoes Rip Through Central Florida. Tornadoes are not common in the area, but more likely during El Ni\u00f1o systems.
CNN. (CNN) --\u00a0A former district attorney in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, claims he agreed more than a decade ago that his
#NRAFairyTales Is Perfect Reply To NRA's Gun-Toting Red Riding Hood. Would fairytales really have happier endings if there were more guns involved?
Why Cops Call This Accused Kidnapper 'Dumbest Criminal Of The Year'. The suspect told his victims to meet him the next day with $1,500. Guess what happened.
No Evidence That Man Who Attacked Cop Was Part Of Organized Cell, FBI Says. Comey declined to say whether Archer had been radicalized.
Top Aides Were Aware Of Laquan McDonald Details Months Before Emanuel Says He Knew. Mayor Rahm Emanuel has said he didn't understand the gravity of Laquan McDonald's shooting death at the hands of a Chicago
Boston Police's Beloved, Missing 'SWAT Cat' Finally Returns Home. We can all breathe a sigh of relief.
Convicted Killer Guillermo Aillon Booted From Veterans' Cemetery. Guillermo Aillon was convicted in the 1972 killings of his estranged wife and her parents.
'Making A Murderer' Directors Don't Think Steven Avery Is Guilty Of Murder. \My personal opinion is that the state did not meet its burden.\
Severed Foot Discovered In Berkeley BART Station. \An unusual start to the workweek.\
WATCH IT. Video shows one of the two siblings clinging to the hood of their moving car.
Constable Serving Eviction Order Kills 12-Year-Old Girl. State police say the constable fired one shot at an armed man. The bullet passed through the man's arm and hit his daughter.
The New Way Police Are Surveilling You. While officers raced to a recent 911 call about a man threatening his ex-girlfriend, a police operator in headquarters consulted
4 Teens In Custody In Connection With Gang Rape On Brooklyn Playground. \I am disgusted and deeply saddened by the horrific attack,\ New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said.
Man Filmed Stuffing Python Down His Pants In Brazen Pet Shop Theft. \He's lucky it wasn't feeding day.\
Concern Grows Over Disappearance Of Iraq War Veteran Brenda Jackson. \We want her home and we'll do whatever it takes.\
\u2018Catfishing\u2019 Over Love Interest Might Have Spurred UVA Gang-Rape Debacle. Ryan Duffin was a freshman at the University of Virginia when he met a student named Jackie.
Polite Armed Robber Holds Up Pizza Place Because His 'Kids Need Christmas'. The suspect remembered his p's and q's.
5 Men Gang Raped Woman In New York Park, Police Say. Authorities say each of the suspects took turns raping the 18-year-old.
Italy Fears Another Amanda Knox-Saga After American Found Dead. Ashley Olsen, 35, was found in her Florence apartment with her neck bruised and scratched, police said.
Ohio Police Dog Jethro Dies After Shootout With Burglary Suspect. \There\u2019s not a doubt in my mind that that dog saved officers\u2019 lives today.\
Man Accused Of Stealing 7,500 Pounds Of Candy. Jesus Ibarra allegedly sold the sweet treats from his garage.
Man Jailed For Social Security Scam Set Up By Late Father In 1945. Nicholas Severino Jr. continued cashing checks his father received under fictitious name.
Ex-Cop Who Held Gun To Man's Head Over Alleged Illegal Parking Is Sentenced. The incident was captured on cell phone.
Frustrated Father Says Cops Won't 'Do Anything' About Missing Daughter. \I don't care whether they are kidnapped or a runaway; they are still missing and may be in danger.\
Philadelphia Officer Ambushed And Shot While Sitting In Police Cruiser. The suspect ran away, but was quickly apprehended by other officers.
Philadelphia Cop Shooting Suspect Claims Allegiance To ISIS. The city mayor calls the shooting a case of mental illness, not radicalization.
Was It His Belly Or His Penis? Skin Doc Faces Sex Abuse Allegations. \He took advantage of me. ... It wasn't right.\
Cop Accused Of Violently Assaulting A Pregnant Woman. For The Second Time.. In the first case, the woman miscarried. Now he's accused of rape.
Father Kills 2-Year-Old Boy And Takes Own Life After 18-Hour Standoff, Police Say. A female and \several other people\ were allowed to leave the home, but the toddler remained inside with the suspect.
Zero Jail Time For Cop Who Assaulted Disabled Man In Hospital. Convicted of felony assault. Sentence
Man Allegedly Punches Disabled Veteran Over A Service Dog. The attack was captured on video.
Man Set Groomsmen's Cars, Homes On Fire After Marriage Failed. \u201cThey didn\u2019t even reach out to me or care one bit.\u201d
Camille Cosby Says She Was Almost Dragged Into Court By U.S. Marshals. Judge temporarily postpones the deposition of Bill Cosby's wife.
Atlanta Motel Standoff Ends With Suspect Stabbing Himself. DECATUR, Ga. (AP) \u2014 A standoff at a motel outside Atlanta that involved a number of children ended Tuesday morning with the
New Year's Eve Prank Leaves 4-year-old Glued To McDonald's Toilet. Kaya said she painfully peeled herself off the seat before running to her mom in tears.
World's Most Elusive Fugitive Has Now Been On The Lam For 60 Years. John Patrick Hannan escaped from prison in England in December 1955.
Army Veteran Faces 120-Year Sentence For Firing 2 Shots Into Air. The shots fired by 58-year-old Randal Ratledge caused no injuries.
Body Of 5-Year-Old Pennsylvania Boy With Autism Found In Canal. The boy had wandered away barefoot and without a coat during a New Year's Eve party.
Naked Man Wearing Ronald Reagan Mask, Sock Caught Prowling Outside Home. Video surveillance captured him outside the home of a former \Jersey Belle\ reality TV star.
Man Caught Having Sex With Donkey Demands Judge Give Him Jail Time. Gideon Swartzentruber was initially only sentenced to probation.
4 Dead In Shooting Over Laundry, Police Say. A man shot three people before his own son killed him, according to police.
Police. An attempted murder suspect who was fatally shot by Las Vegas police was holding a cellphone that was mistaken for a gun
Home Health Aide Charged With Assaulting Architect I.M. Pei. Pei told police that 28-year-old Eter Nikolaishvili grabbed his right forearm and forcefully twisted it Dec. 13.
5-Year-Old Boy With Autism Vanishes Without Shoes Or Coat. \We're scared, but we're trying to keep positive thoughts in our head,\ his sister said.
Illinois Teen Delia Ann Stacey Texts 'Help' And Disappears. Authorities say Delia Ann Stacey told her family she was going to visit a friend.
'Affluenza' Teen Stall Tactics 'Delaying The Inevitable'. While Asylum is unlikely, experts say Ethan Couch could use a human rights law to delay deportation.
'Affluenza' Teen Ethan Couch. Here's a look at what has happened so far and what could happen in coming days or weeks.
NY Bar Owner Calls Accused ISIS Wannabe A Panhandler Who 'Caused Trouble'. Restaurant owner John Page says Lutchman \caused more trouble than positive.\
Southern States Brace After U.S. Floods Kill At Least 31 People. \All that water's coming south and we have to be ready for it,\ Louisiana Lieutenant Governor-Elect Billy Nungesser told CNN.
Friend Of California Shooter Indicted On Gun, Terror Charges. RIVERSIDE, Calif. (AP) \u2014 A grand jury has indicted the man who provided the guns used in the San Bernardino massacre on counts
Tonya Couch, Mother Of Fugitive 'Affluenza' Teen, Extradited To U.S.. Ethan Couch's deportation was delayed by a Mexican judge.
Louisiana Cop Targeted Hispanic Drivers In Traffic Thefts. Police say Laquinton Banks stole more than $1,600 from motorists who didn't speak English.
New Year's Eve Revelers Pack NYC's Times Square Under Tight Security. About 6,000 uniformed police officers will be patrolling the area where more than one million people are expected
Cops Eye 'Persons Of Interest' In Colorado Mom's Brutal Slaying. Amalia Lopez De Mansilla died after she was stabbed nearly a dozen times in the chest and torso.
FBI. \The FBI remains concerned about people overseas who use the Internet to inspire people in the United States to commit acts of violence where they live.\
Police Officer Accused Of Posting Nude Photos Of Estranged Wife On Internet. The officer allegedly wrote this his wife wanted to have sex with strangers.
Pennsylvania Man Fakes Tumor To Swindle Church, Friends. One couple at the church lent the man $400 and then he borrowed their new $450 electric generator and returned it \broken and unusable.\
Prison's Opening Delayed For Year Because Cell Doors Wouldn't Lock. They had one job.
Mississippi River Seeing Near-Record Flood Levels As Death Toll Climbs. Illinois' governor has declared disasters in seven counties as hundreds of homes face a rare winter flood being blamed for at least 20 deaths.
Pok\u00e9mon Fan Beats Up 5-year-old For Playing With His Cards. Kyle Burford, 29, allegedly struck his nephew with enough force to \knock him off his feet and into a wall.\
Vandals Spray Private Jets With Graffiti At Los Angeles Airport, AGAIN. The security breach is the second at Van Nuys Airport in two years.
Search For Country Music Singer Heats Up After Friend Found Dead. \We are trying to think of a scenario where he is still alive -- hoping against the odds.\
Man Accused Of Assault With Frying Pan, Bamboo Stick. Police said they noticed drops of blood on the suspect's eyeglasses.
'Affluenza' Teen Ethan Couch To Be Returned To U.S. From Mexico. Couch, 18, and his mother, Tonya Couch, were taken into custody on Monday evening in the Pacific Ocean resort of Puerto Vallarta.
Puerto Rico Policeman Kills Three Fellow Officers. SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) \u2014 A Puerto Rico policeman fatally shot two high-ranking officers and a policewoman on Monday following
Man Arrested On Suspicion Of Burning California Woman To Death On Christmas. Neighbors tried to help the victim, but she died at a hospital.
'Glad I'm alive'. \u201c(You) stop to help somebody and they stab you.\u201d
Country Music Singer Disappears After Ominous Tweet. Backroad Anthem singer Craig Strickland and friend vanish after tweeting about a trip into \Winter Storm Goliath.\
Up To 2,000 Teens Close Down Kentucky Mall. No arrests were made, and the mall reopened a day later.
Man Dies While Trying To Blow Up Condom Machine, Police Say. Flying piece of metal hit 29-year-old in the head.
Police Officer Kills Man Who Threw Heavy Object At Cops, Cruiser. Police said the \violent encounter\ involved a man who threw a brick or rock.
Police Fatally Shoot Nearly 1,000 Civilians In 2015. Nearly a thousand times this year, an American police officer has shot and killed a civilian.
3 Dead In Apparent Murder-Suicide At Luxury New Jersey High Rise. Michael Stasko allegedly shot wife and daughter dead before turning gun on himself.
Eagle Scout Finds Remains Of Suspect In 2010 Shooting. The 23-year-old spent his school break on a search for the body.
Chicago Cop Shoots Dead Teen, 55-Year-Old Woman. \We're thinking the police are going to serve us, take him to the hospital. They took his life.\
Pissed-Off Woman Threw Urine At Neighbor's Home, Police Say. Jackie VanTyle allegedly stockpiled the body waste in a bucket.
Man Pulls Gun On Clerk Over 'Faulty' Penis Pump. The adult video store worker said the problems were down to \operator error.\
3-Year-Old Girl Who Swallowed Thumbtack Still Hospitalized, Relative Says. Another child alerted the teacher that the girl looked \like a vampire.\
1 Killed After Shooting At North Carolina Mall. Police said there was an \officer involved shooting\ inside Northlake Mall in Charlotte.
Troubling Number Of People Killed By Georgia Police Were Unarmed Or Shot In The Back. Nearly half the 184 Georgians shot and killed by police since 2010 were unarmed or shot in the back, an Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Police. Not a great plan.
Police. Josmel Herrera was on a video call with a relative when he accidentally shot himself.
Woman Bashes Roommate With Hammer When She Backs Out Of Suicide Pact. Fiona Gordon-Macleod, 69, was allegedly furious that her 76-year-old roommate wanted to live.
The Most Powerful Writing About Gun Violence Published In 2015. Selections from exceptional journalism we read this year.
Grand Jury Decides Not To Indict Anyone For Sandra Bland's Jailhouse Death. The grand jury reached no decision on whether the trooper who arrested Bland should face charges.
Sentence Comes Down For Man Who Loaned Gun To Boston Marathon Bombers. BOSTON, Dec 22 (Reuters) - A man who lent the convicted Boston Marathon bomber the gun used to kill a police officer three
Homicides Mount, Pushing Baltimore To Second Highest Total In City History. Another round of homicides over the weekend in Baltimore \u2014 and the death of a student stabbed last month in a school classroom
Affluenza Teen's Mom Is Also Missing. Tonya Couch may be with her son, Ethan, the Tarrant County Sheriff's Office said.
Man Trying To 'Enter Time Portal' Crashes Speeding Car Into Store, Cops Say. Where this man was going, he didn't need roads.
Driver Who Slammed Car Into Vegas Strip Faces Murder Charges. Police believe Lakeisha N. Holloway, 24, intentionally mowed down people on a busy stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard, killing one and injuring dozens of others Sunday night.
Police. TORRANCE, Calif. (AP) \u2014 A man brought to a hospital after attacking police was shot to death by a Los Angeles officer in
Car Mows Down Pedestrians On Las Vegas Strip, Killing 1 And Injuring Dozens. The female driver left the scene, but was later taken into custody.
\u2018Opie And Anthony\u2019 Ex-Host Charged After Woman Live Streams Alleged Assault. Anthony Cumia was arrested shortly after his 26-year-old girlfriend accused him of breaking her hand in a Periscope video.
Four-Year-Old Dies In Fire At Site Where Nine Died In 1952 Blaze. STEPHEN SINGER, Associated Press A fatal weekend house fire in Massachusetts has eerie similarities with an even deadlier
Watch Agile Burglar Break Into Jewelry Store Through Ceiling. The suspect went full \Mission
FBI Investigated Folk Singer Pete Seeger For Years. They worried about Seeger's \Communistic sympathies.\
Mother Jailed Over Microwave Oven Death Of 1-Month-Old Daughter. Judge imposed 26-years-to-life sentence on Ka Yang.
Hero High School Football Player Killed Shielding Girls From Gunfire. Police believe that the shooting was random.
Shoplifter Shot And Killed After Running Over Deputies. Amos Frerichs \used his vehicle as a weapon,\ police say.
Oregon Man Who Beheaded Mom's Cat Learns His Fate. The suspect told police the cat was evil.
Officer Clashes With Protester After Freddie Gray Decision. Video shows the man fall to the ground among a group of protesters as more police rush in and drag away the man.
Horrifying Video Shows Road-Rage Machete Attacker Slash Driver's Face. Police said the man followed the victim home.
Man Who Supplied Guns To California Shooters Arrested On Terrorism-Related Charges. Marquez was also charged with defrauding U.S. immigration authorities by entering into a sham marriage with a woman in Farook's extended family.
Brainless Romeo Shuts Down Highway To Propose. \Love makes you do stupid things,\ the recently divorced 24-year-old said.
An 18-Year-Old Said She Was Raped At Knifepoint. Then She Recanted. That's Where The Story Begins.. No one came to court with her that day, except her public defender.
Detective Kills Himself In Standoff After Child Sex Crime Charges. Manassas City Police Det. David Edward Abbott Jr. was wanted for allegedly having inappropriate relations with two boys.
Oklahoma DA Tackles Defendant Running From Courtroom. The DA who tackled the accused said the courthouse courtroom is like \being in the Wild West.\
Irate Hotel Guest Crashes Truck Through Lobby, Nearly Crushing Staff. He said he wasn't bluffing, and he proved it.
Salvation Army Bell Ringer Accused Of Flashing After Boy Donated Cash. The volunteer allegedly exposed himself outside a Food City in Tennessee.
Bergdahl To Face Court Martial For Desertion. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will face general court-martial in connection with his 2009 disappearance from his base in Afghanistan
Maryland Man Arrested For Trying To Aid ISIS. Dec 14 (Reuters) - A Maryland man has been charged with attempting to provide material support to Islamic State, the Justice
Georgia Mayor Dies After Being Shot In Domestic Dispute. The mayor's wife was interviewed and no charges have been filed in the case.
Paranoid Pot Grower Calls 911 On Himself After Hearing Helicopter, Cops Say. \I'm the guy they're looking for,\ Jasper Harrison allegedly told police.
Drunk Driver Found Hiding In Nativity Scene After Crashing Car. \Not even the baby Jesus could save him,\ one Twitter user quipped.
After LA Sheriff's Deputies Fatally Shoot A Man, His Family Claims Excessive Force. Deputies say the man was armed, but the victim's family calls the shooting unjust.
Police. The mosque is about 75 miles from San Bernardino.
New Video Shows Man Had Both Hands In Air When Fatally Shot By Cops. A grand jury voted this week not to indict the officers.
Suspect In Cop Killings Found Dead Inside Mississippi Jail Cell. Homicide was ruled out, and investigators say suspect Marvin Banks may have died of natural causes.
School Bus Driver Arrested On DUI While Taking 28 Kids Home. Witnesses called police when the driver got stuck trying to turn the bus around.
Elementary School Teachers Ate Pot-Laced Brownies Left In Lounge. Three educators got sick from eating the tainted food.
Person Of Interest Detained After California Mosque 'Firebombed'. Riverside County sheriff's deputies called the fire at Islamic Center of Palm Springs arson.
DJ Played Snorting 'Peppa Pig' Theme To Cops; They Weren't Happy. The DJ also made oinking noises over the microphone.
Soldier's Lover Pleads Guilty To Murdering Wife. Ailsa Jackson says Sgt. Michael Walker wanted his wife gone. He says he loved his wife, with whom he was trying to have a baby.
4 Bikers Shot In Waco With Same Rifle Type Police Use. It was not clear whether any bikers had similar guns to the police that day.
Drunk Naked Man Streaks At Women's March, Pays The Price. \It hard to accept, even in your drunken state, you were not aware of it at all,\ judge says.
Students Charged After Tiny Explosive Found At Middle School (UPDATE). The device had the firepower of \two large firecrackers.\
Armed Man On Arkansas State University Taken Into Custody. No shots were fired.
A Driverless Train Carrying 50 People Blew Through 4 Stops After Being Tampered With. BOSTON (AP) \u2014 A six-car train with passengers on board that left a suburban Boston transit station without a driver Thursday
Baltimore Police Officer Testifies In His Own Defense At Freddie Gray Trial. Officer William Porter told  jurors that he didn't call an ambulance for Freddie Gray because Gray was alert, appeared uninjured and didn't complain of any pain or wounds in the back of a police van.
Former Miss Kansas Accused Of Illegally Killing Alaskan Grizzly. Theresa Vail is known for her military service and rugged TV show.
Georgia Executes Man For Killing His Mother's Friend. Brian Keith Terrell, 47, was put to death for the June 1992 killing of John Watson.
Chicago Police Commander Goes To Trial For Allegedly Putting Gun In Suspect's Mouth. Glenn Evans faces charges of aggravated battery and official misconduct for the 2013 incident.
Severed Pig's Head Found On Sidewalk Outside Mosque. Surveillance video appears to show it being thrown from a pickup.
Father And Son Cooks Accused Of Stealing $40,000 Of Chicken Wings. Paul and Joshua Rojek allegedly took the wings from the restaurant they worked at.
Seattle Cops Involved In Intense Car Chase, Shootout Caught On Video. The suspect can be seen careening up a one-way street in the wrong direction.
Darth Vader Interviews For Fort Worth Police Job. May the police force be with you!
These Recent Mass Shootings Went Mostly Overlooked. The deadliest incidents understandably generate the most intense interest. Meanwhile, the everyday gun violence that plagues
San Bernardino Officials Fight Back Tears To Praise Community Spirit. The county's health director, who survived the shooting, relived how the victims held each other as the attackers opened fire.
Stabbing At Miami's Art Basel Gallery Mistaken As Performance Art. At least one witness thought the fight was a performance with fake blood.
San Bernardino Shooters Had Target Practice Days Before Attack, FBI Says. The FBI said they'd been radicalized \for quite some time.\
Police Arrest Mother Of Newborn Found Buried Alive. The tiny infant was hidden under asphalt and loose dirt.
Deputy Already Under Investigation For A Shooting Allegedly Shoots Neighbor. He reportedly told investigators that the weapon fired accidentally.
Man Guilty Of Cooking 2-Month-Old Puppy Alive On Stove. Buddy the Chihuahua suffered severe burns and had to be humanely euthanized.
Kids' Plot To Bomb School With Cinnamon Was Over Bullying. The 10- and 11-year-olds were allegedly upset about an older friend being bullied.
FBI Searches The Home Of California Shooter's Former Neighbor. RIVERSIDE, Calif., Dec 5 (Reuters) - Federal agents in Riverside conducted a search early on Saturday at what neighbors say
California Shooters Likely Planned Multiple Attacks. By Mark Hosenball and Diane Bartz WASHINGTON, Dec 6 (Reuters) - U.S. investigators are increasingly convinced the California
Man Allegedly Tried Snorting Cocaine During Traffic Stop. The 73-year-old reportedly wanted a quick hit as a cop checked his documentation.
Man Accused Of Calling In Bomb Threats After Missing Flight. Svein Johannessen allegedly made two calls from inside Philadelphia International Airport.
Hostage Situation At Wisconsin Motorcycle Shop Ends With 1 Dead. Two people were taken to the hospital and are expected to recover.
Investigators Piece Together Portrait Of Tashfeen Malik. Tashfeen Malik's path to accused mass killer in California began in a small city on the Indus River in Pakistan's Punjab
Parents Guilty Of Imprisoning Daughters Under Extreme Rules. Arizona couple Fernando and Sophia Richter were convicted of kidnapping and child abuse charges.
FBI Investigating California Massacre As 'Act Of Terrorism'. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE One startling disclosure came from social media network Facebook, which confirmed that comments praising
California Rampage Shocks Those Who Knew Shooters. \This was a person who was successful, who had a good job, a good income, a wife and a family. What was he missing in his life?\
San Bernardino Attacker's Brother-In-Law Wonders If Killer Was Brainwashed. Farhan Khan is desperate for answers.
Missing 'X-Men' Producer Found Safe After Tipster Contacts HuffPost. Eric Kohler was found one day after HuffPost received a tip he was in the town of La Paz, Mexico.
How The San Bernardino Killers Exploited A Loophole To Legally Obtain Assault-Style Rifles In California. It's called the \bullet button loophole.\
San Bernardino Police Officer. The officer was evacuating people from the Inland Regional Center, the site of a mass shooting.
'Cowards' Beat Man With Cerebral Palsy, Post Video on Facebook. Nikey Dashone Walker and Shadeed Dontae Bey allegedly used the victim's cell phone to film the attack.
Fifth-Graders Arrested After Allegedly Planning Explosion. A teacher tipped off authorities after finding a written plan to attack a nearby high school.
Man Describes Wife\u2019s Terrifying Brush With San Bernardino Gunman. \There's a shooter at work.\
Video Shows Dramatic Moment Police Swarmed Inland Regional Center. Several staff members at the San Bernardino facility thought it was a drill.
Sheriff Urges People To Carry Guns In Wake Of San Bernardino Shooting. He did limit the call to \licensed handgun owners.\
Here's Everything We Know About The San Bernardino Attackers. Police identified the killers as Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and Tashfeen Malik, 27.
Mother On Trial For Hitting, Pinching Toddler During Long Flight. Samantha Leialoha Watanabe allegedly smacked her daughter in the face and yanked out clumps of hair to keep her quiet.
Ex-CHP Officer Who Punched Bipolar Woman Won't Face Charges. No criminal charges will be filed against a former California Highway Patrol officer who punched a bipolar woman as she walked
Ted Cruz Was Wrong About The Planned Parenthood Shooting Suspect. A Colorado voter registration form listed Robert Dear as female, sparking some speculation that he is transgender. Officials
Pennsylvania Police Chief Accused Of Huffing Air Can On Duty. Other officers \watched as his eyes fluttered and he became unresponsive.\
$2,500 Reward For Info On Whoever Left This Puppy In A Freezing Trash Can. Michigan Humane Society is begging the public for help.
Mom Denies Girls Were Held Captive, Tortured With Music. Sophia Richter says her girls were never mistreated, though police say abuse was ongoing for years.
Man Caught with 51 Live Turtles In Pants Pleads Guilty To Smuggling. Kai Xu, 27, was busted after seen with \irregularly shaped bulges\ under his sweat pants.
Cop Charged With Laquan McDonald's Murder Posts Bail. Bail was set at $1.5 million, of which 10 percent had to be posted.
Police Searching For Missing 'X-Men' Producer. Eric Kohler mysteriously disappeared two days before Thanksgiving.
University Of Chicago Shooting Threat A Response To Laquan McDonald Video. Jabari R. Dean, 21, of Chicago, threatened to kill 16 white male students or staff at the school.
These Are The Victims Of Terrorism In Colorado Springs. A 36-year-old mother. A 29-year-old Iraq vet. A 44-year-old police officer.
Trial Begins For Cop Charged In Death Of Freddie Gray. A verdict is likely to set the tone for the city.
Man Lived Alongside Dead Father's Body For Four Months. Kenneth Brown was reportedly propped up in his favorite armchair.
Veteran Suing After Town Demolishes Home As He Has Surgery. The 69-year-old returned from Florida to find his Long Island home  gone.
Colorado Church Remembers Fallen Officer, Asks Forgiveness For Shooter. Garrett Swasey was a \very selfless man who truly cared,\ church friends say.
New Outside Reports Call Tamir Rice Shooting 'Objectively Unreasonable'. CLEVELAND, Ohio \u2014 Attorneys for the family of Tamir Rice released reports Saturday from two use-of-force experts who determined
Suspected Burglar Gets Stuck In Chimney, Dies After Fire Is Lit. The man was responsive during part of the rescue.
Charges Filed In Murder Of 9-Year-Old Chicago Boy Tyshawn Lee. Chicago Police Superintendent said  that two other men are also suspected in Tyshawn Lee's murder.
Dozens of Spiked Bats Found In San Francisco, Baffling Police. Is it artwork or \someone trying to be sick\?
Police Hunt Bad Santa Claus Who Stole Helicopter. The Saint Nick tied the pilots up at a small farm outside Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Colorado Planned Parenthood Shooting Is Part Of A Frightening Trend. Is this the next stage of anti-abortion violence in America?
Mystery After Montana Mother, Son And A 25-Pound Gold Bar Vanish. Beverly Giannonatti, 79, and her son Greg, 57, haven't been seen since late October.
Officer Killed In Planned Parenthood Attack Was 'Man Of Courage'. Garrett Swasey was a leader in his church and was married with two children.
Planned Parenthood Shooting Suspect Robert Lewis Dear Has Unsettling Past. \If you talked to him, nothing was very cognitive,\ a former neighbor said.
After Planned Parenthood Shooting, Another American Community Mourns. \We're here to gather together to remember that we're not alone; to remember together we can change the world.\
Colorado Survivor Recounts Haunting Moment When Gunman Stared Him In The Eye. \I've never experienced anything like that before.\
Husband Jailed For Using Unsuspecting Wife As $700,000 Heroin Mule. The stash was sewn inside eight dresses.
Police ID Suspect In New Orleans Shooting That Wounded 17. NEW ORLEANS (AP) -- The New Orleans police have identified a suspect in a shooting last weekend at a playground that wounded
Man Accused Of Killing Dad For Not Getting Him Fast Food. Ronald Pritchett also allegedly stabbed his mother.
Ancient Gravestone Used As Battering Ram In Lightning Jewelry Store Heist. Precious gems gone in 30 seconds.
Man Kills Waffle House Worker Over Smoking Ban, Cops Say. He is in custody with a $2 million bond.
Boy Writes Heartbreaking Letter Asking Santa To Find The Man Who Shot Him. \Help the police catch the people who hurt me.\
3 Dead After Gunman Opens Fire Inside Colorado Planned Parenthood. One officer and two civilians were killed, and nine others were injured, during a lengthy standoff.
Out-Bad Chronicles. George Christie is on a mission for relevancy. And he's taken that mission across the airwaves, via the History channel's 6 part series -- Outlaw Chronicles
Man Stole Human Brains From Museum, Then Sold Them On eBay. David Charles stole jars of brains and other tissue from the Indiana Medical History Museum.
Woman Fined $1,000 For Trashing Boss's Office With Silly String. Samantha Lockhart was found guilty of vandalism.
Newborn Found Abandoned In Church's Nativity Scene. The baby's umbilical cord was still attached.
Laquan McDonald's Shooting Is Just The Latest Episode In Chicago Police's Brutal History. City officials have framed the cop who killed McDonald as one bad apple, but the department has been rotten for almost a century.
Video Shows Armed Burglar Crawl Into Sleeping Family's Bedroom. The man clutched a knife in his mouth just feet from their beds.
Don't Discount Mental Illness in the Case of Abigail Hanna. The case of Abigail Hanna--the pretty, blonde 21-year-old who allegedly kidnapped a toddler she once cared for--has the media fascinated. How can someone like her become, as the Daily Beast calls her, \the babysitter from hell\?
Pilot Error, Dust Blamed For Fatal Marine Osprey Crash In Hawaii. HONOLULU (AP) \u2014 A hybrid aircraft that crashed in Hawaii this year, killing two Marines, flew in sandy or dusty conditions
17 People Injured In Shootout At New Orleans Playground. \I am disheartened and I am outraged at an unbelievable level,\ said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu.
This Fake Gun Made From Soap Was Part Of Prison Escape Plot. Two prisoners face additional charges after the phony weapon was discovered inside a cell.
Former Prosecutor Helps Teen Who Was Given Life Sentence Win Release After 20 Years. Move follows Florida Supreme Court ruling that some juveniles sentenced to life in prison can be eligible for a new sentence.
Man Busted For Selling Drugs And Stolen Guns From Driveway, Feds Say. Andres Zamora was allegedly receiving tens of thousands of dollars in Social Security disability payments while selling the illicit goods.
Southwest Airlines Flight Diverted Over 'Suspicious Behavior'. Several passengers were \unruly,\ an FBI spokesperson said.
Fire Rages In One Of Chicago's Tallest Skyscrapers, Injuring 5. Flames and smoke poured out of the 50th floor in the John Hancock Center.
Did This Cat Almost Bust A Thief Stealing A Donation Box?. Daisy was filmed digging around in the suspect's bag, just seconds after he'd stashed the cash.
Someone Cemented Puppies Inside A Fish Tank And Left Them To Die. \As I got closer, I saw these eyes peering out at me and they looked pretty desolate.\
Oklahoma Woman Who Plowed Into Homecoming Crowd Was Not Drunk, Court Papers Show. TULSA, Okla. (Reuters) - A woman accused of killing four people and injuring dozens more at Oklahoma State University\u2019s Oct
Christian Pastor Accused Of Repeatedly Raping Underage Sisters. Alfredo Huerta Zavala allegedly invoked the \name of God\ and told the girls he'd been \chosen by Christ.\
Dentist Had Child Porn, Spread HIV Intentionally, FBI Says. Dr. John Wolf is accused of trading services for methamphetamine and possessing child pornography.
Woman Fatally Stabbed In New York, Baby Born At The Scene. It was still unclear who gave birth to the child or if the victim was the mother.
Georgia Executes Man Convicted In 1994 Slaying. Marcus Ray Johnson, sentenced to death for a 1994 rape and murder, maintained he is innocent.
Jared Fogle, Ex-Subway Spokesman, To Be Sentenced For Sex Crimes. Prosecutors are seeking a 12 \u00bd-year sentence, while Fogle's attorneys have asked for five years.
Aircraft Laser Strikes Soar To All-Time High. Despite the threat of hefty punishment, laser pointers remain cheap and offenders are rarely caught.
Man Vows To Kill His Wife, Employer Sends Her Home. A woman in Williamsville, New York, whose husband had vowed to kill her was sent home by her manager because \she was a threat
Nicolas Cage Helps Raise Awareness About Missing Ohio Teen. \He said, 'I'm praying for you guys, I hope you find her.'\
Judge Orders Chicago Police To Release Graphic Video Of Officer Shooting Teen 16 Times. The teen's mom is worried the footage is so horrific it will start riots.
Jared Fogle Gets Over 15 Years In Prison For Sex Crimes. By Susan Guyett INDIANAPOLIS, Nov 19 (Reuters) - Former Subway sandwich chain pitchman Jared Fogle on Thursday was sentenced
Vengeful Surfer Plans To Eat Shark He Says Bit Him. Allen Engelman received 15 stitches after a spinner shark likely mistook his hand for a fish.
Suspected Purse Snatcher Filmed Running Over, Killing Woman. The 65-year-old woman had just finished loading groceries into her car when a man pulled her to the ground and ran her over multiple times, police say.
Woman Says Cops 'Murdered' Brother In Tussle After Breaking Into Home Without Warrant. North Carolina sheriff's deputies reportedly broke down John Livingston's door.
Vicious Police Beating Of Stanislav Petrov Sparks Call For Federal Probe. \I counted over 30 baton strikes. I'm not sure what facts would justify that sort of brutal beating.\
Report Details 'Major Shortcomings' In Baltimore Police Response To Unrest. As rioting erupted on Baltimore's streets in April, the city police Command Center \u2014 where top decision-makers had gathered
Backlash After Report Calls Killing Of Tamir Rice 'Objectively Reasonable'. CLEVELAND (CN) - On the heels of a new report justifying the police shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice last year, Rice's
Jerry Sandusky's Pension Reinstated By Appeals Court. The former Penn State coach's payments stopped after his child sex abuse sentencing.
Police Expert Calls Tamir Rice Killing 'Tragic,' But 'Objectively Reasonable'. Activists demanded the appointment of an independent prosecutor to investigate the death of the 12-year-old.
Kidnapper Beat, Raped Woman For 5 Weeks In Remote Cabin. The woman says her abductor duct-taped her to his body at night to prevent her from fleeing.
Las Vegas Man Films Burglars In Action. The man who filmed the fleeing burglars says it's good to know your neighbors and be willing to ask for help.
Cop Who Killed Church Drummer Corey Jones Fired From Department. Jones was on the phone with roadside assistance when he was shot.
Police Investigating After 8-Year-Old Shoots 10-Year-Old Relative. The 10-year-old was taken in \guarded condition\ to a local hospital.
2 Charged In Alleged Plot To Attack Synagogues, Churches. The plot reportedly involved  \shooting or bombing the occupants of black churches and Jewish synagogues\ and \conducting acts of violence against persons of Jewish faith.\
Ex-Officer Convicted In Matthew Ajibade Case Allowed To Serve Time On Weekends. A former Georgia sheriff\u2019s deputy, convicted for using a stun gun on a restrained detainee who later died alone in his cell
9-Year-Old Drove Drunk Man To Gas Station To Buy BBQ Sauce. The man's blood-alcohol content was allegedly several times the legal limit.
3 Shot, 1 Dead In Shooting Near NY's Penn Station. \This kind of thing doesn't happen over here.\
Pit Bull Mauls 9-Year-Old Girl To Death On Play Date. Police killed dog when it charged at them.
Applebee's Customer Allegedly Attacked For Speaking Foreign Language. She says she was speaking to a relative in Swahili when a stranger smashed a beer mug in her face.
Widow Who Wanted Birds To Eat Husband's Body Faces Prison Time. But the reason she wanted that was actually very sweet.
Louisiana Cops Arrested For Killing 6-Year-Old Boy. NEW ORLEANS (AP) \u2014 Two Louisiana law enforcement officers remained jailed Saturday while their colleagues tried to sort out
Hawaii Soldier Accused Of Conspiring With Lover To Kill Wife. Sgt. Michael Walker's girlfriend allegedly stabbed his wife to death in their bedroom.
Mom Accused Of Poisoning Son With Prescription Drugs For A Year. The boy was allegedly treated at two different hospitals.
Mother Kills Child, Self At Arizona Hospital. \They were seen alive and fine at midnight and then found at 2 a.m.\
Two Louisiana Officers Arrested For Killing 6-Year-Old Boy. Three days after a 6-year-old was shot and killed by officers in a barrage of gunfire that also critically wounded the child's
Louisiana Officers Arrested For Killing 6-Year-Old Boy. Two Louisiana police officers were arrested after a car chase on Tuesday ended with the driver critically wounded and his
Police Kill Hammer-Wielding Man Who Allegedly Attacked Family. Luckily, both victims are in stable condition.
Records Show Numerous Complaints Against Officer Who Staged His Suicide. FOX LAKE, Ill. (AP) \u2014 An Illinois police officer who staged his suicide to make it look like he was murdered had a troubled
Slain California University Stabbing Suspect Was Angry About Study Group Ejection, Authorities Say. A two-page \manifesto\ in Faisal Mohammad's pocket listed a specific target he planned to attack for removing him from a study group, police said.
Police Officer Who Killed Unarmed Motorist Cleared Of All Charges. The jurors were shown graphic video footage of the fatal encounter.
Two Men Allegedly Beaten By Mob Over Confederate Flag Decal. \If I want to fly the Confederate flag, it's my right,\ alleged victim says.
Shooting In Central Maine Leaves 4 Dead, Including The Gunman. A 4-year-old girl was also found unharmed inside the house.
5 People Stabbed At California University, Suspect Killed By Police. MERCED, Calif. (AP) -- A male student stabbed and injured five people as classes got underway at a rural university campus
Suspected San Diego Shooter in Custody After Hours-Long Standoff. The shooter reportedly had a high-powered rifle.
Police Hunting For Baby Allegedly Thrown In Creek By Mom. Police are scouring a creek outside Myrtle Beach, SC, for a missing infant who disappeared under suspicious circumstances
Illinois Cop 'Carefully Staged Suicide,' Committed Crimes, Investigators Say. The officer\u2019s death prompted a massive and costly manhunt.
Cop Who Killed Unarmed Motorist Lying On Ground. \I didn't want to have to shoot him, but he made me.\
Oakland Police Sued In Killing Of 'Unconscious' Man In His Car. Demouria Hogg \posed no reasonable or credible threat of violence,\ the wrongful death suit says.
Rancher Dies In Shootout With Deputies Planning To Kill Bull. Jack Yantis, the bull's owner, arrived with a rifle just as deputies decided to put down the animal.
Grandpa Leaves Girl In Desert With Gun To Get Cheeseburger. \He told her it was to shoot the bad guys,\ sheriff says.
Paintball Gun-Wielding Robbery Suspect Shot, Killed. The customer who shot him was a licensed concealed carry holder.
Lax Supervision Plagued Officer Sex Cases, AP Investigation Finds. WEST SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) \u2014 As darkness falls, the most tattered section of this town's main drag feels more desperate
WATCH 'Too Drunk' Passenger Punch Uber Driver, Get Maced. \Trip's ended.\
3 Dead After Car Plows Into Group Of Trick-Or-Treaters. \It just didn't look real ... like this is a Halloween joke.\
Hundreds Of Cops Kicked Off Force For Committing Sex Crimes. The number is unquestionably an undercount because it represents only those officers whose licenses to work in law enforcement were revoked, and not all states take such action.
Grand Jury Recommends No Charges Against Atlanta Cop In Killing. The panel advocated more investigation of a second case -- a white officer's shooting of Anthony Hill, an unarmed black man.
Los Angeles Doctor Convicted Of Murder By Over-Prescription. LOS ANGELES, Oct 30 (Reuters) - A Los Angeles-area doctor was found guilty on Friday of three counts of murder for over-prescribing
Colorado Springs Shooting Rampage Leaves 4 Dead, Including Gunman. Four officers fired back, killing the suspect.
Exclusive. \We are not satisfied with the police investigation at this point, but we hold in our hearts that the truth about his death will come to light.\
Amonderez Green, Teen Shot Near Ferguson, Was An Avid Rapper. \Sometimes I just feel like I gotta admit/ That I don't know this s**t.\
Only 7 Percent of Licensed Gun Dealers Were Inspected Last Year. Earlier this month, a jury ordered Badger Guns, one of the country\u2019s most notorious \u201cbad apple\u201d firearms retailers, to pay
'Officer Slam' Threw Teen From Her Desk Over Cellphone, Lawyer Says. She had refused to leave class because she \thought it was an unfair punishment.\
New York EMT Suspended Without Pay After Helping Choking Child. \I'd do it again. If I know there's a child choking, I'm going to do my best to help her.\
Tresspasser Enters Schools, Sings Justin Bieber Songs, Police Say. Suspect allegedly cursed up a storm as he was being arrested.
Plane Catches Fire On Tarmac Of Ft. Lauderdale Airport. At least seven people are being evaluated for injuries.
Grand Jury Begins Hearing Evidence In Tamir Rice Killing. The prosecutor has been a target of criticism by activists and attorneys for Tamir's family for what they perceive as delays in presenting evidence to the grand jury.
Ben Fields, Officer Seen Manhandling Student, Has Been Sued Twice Before. Fields and other officers are in schools \to serve as role models,\ a deputy said.
Former St. Louis Prosecutor Admits Covering Up Officer's Assault On Handcuffed Suspect. A former St. Louis prosecutor covered up a violent assault on a handcuffed arrestee, who was beaten by a police detective
'Goodfellas' Trial Shows How Good Luck Cracked A Legendary Mob Robbery. Take a look at the \old-school Mafia guy who's going to go down fighting.\
Suspect In Fatal Oklahoma Parade Car Crash Faces 2nd-Degree Murder Charges. Her lawyer says she was not drinking and may suffer from a mental illness.
Should We Discharge Terminally Ill Inmates?. Some people may quickly say that inmates are in prison for punishment and therefore they should not get healthcare paid for by taxpayers. That thinking is not consistent with our American values.
4 Dead, Dozens Injured After Car Plows Into OSU Homecoming Crowd. The driver was allegedly drunk.
72-Hour Suspension For Trooper Who Ran Red Light, Killing Woman. Timothy Fagin ran a red light while chasing a driver who wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Hawaii Swimmer Rips Out Shark's Eye To Survive Attack. Tony Lee, who lost one foot, was holding the eyeball when he finally escaped to the surface.
DA Wants To Bar Psychologist's Testimony In Necrophilia Slaying. Gregory Graf is accused of killing his stepdaughter and having sex with her corpse.
Police Arrest Suspect In Road Rage Slaying Of 4-Year-Old Girl. Lilly Garcia was riding in the backseat with her 7-year-old brother when someone in a Toyota opened fire on the family as they traveled down the main east-west freeway in Albuquerque.
New York City Police Officer Randolph Holder Dies While Chasing Suspect In Harlem. The 33-year-old police officer died after being shot in the head.
Girl, 4, Killed During Apparent Road Rage Attack. \The best thing for you to do is to turn yourself in,\ top cop tells shooter.
Rikers Island Almost Never Reports Sexual Abuse Complaints. Last year, the prison failed to report 98 percent of sexual abuse complaints.
YOLO ATTACK. \People were actually laying out here, in front, stabbed, laying in cars with all their wounds.\
Detroit Pastor Fatally Shoots Attacker During Church Service, Police Say. \He had been threatening him to do bodily harm,\ an official said.
1 Dead, 4 Injured In Shooting At Florida ZombiCon Event. The gunfire broke out just before midnight.
Oregon College Shooting Survivor Writes Graphic, Gripping Account. \It started so normal, the day that is.\
Father Charged After Son, 6, Fatally Shoots 3-Year-Old Brother. The children were reportedly playing \cops and robbers\ when one of the brothers found the gun.
Dogs Recovering After Man Allegedly Beat Them With Sledgehammer. Authorities say the attacker's girlfriend asked him to euthanize the Labrador retrievers.
Arrested Gunrunner Smuggled Weapons By Bus Into NYC. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 A gunrunner who smuggled more than 100 weapons from Atlanta and Pittsburgh into New York City on cheap interstate
Man Freed 25 Years After Police Tortured Him Into A False Confession. Shawn Whirl is the first of Chicago police torture victims to win a new trial.
Montana Daycare Owner Attacked While Protecting Kids, Police Say. One attacker was allegedly drunk and lacked legal custody.
Video Shows Dramatic Confrontation Between Police, Suspect Before Fatal Shooting. \Put the gun down. We don't want to kill you. Just drop the gun.\
Thresholds Of Violence. On\u00a0the evening of April 29th last year, in the southern Minnesota town of Waseca, a woman was doing the dishes when she looked
Olive Garden Asks Uniformed Cop To Leave Because He Has A Gun. \u201cIt\u2019s unacceptable, that\u2019s what it is.\u201d
Missing 6-Year-Old Texas Girl Found In Louisiana. Authorities say the girl was taken by her mom's ex-boyfriend.
Video Shows Cop In School Grabbing Teen By Neck, Slamming Him To Floor. The officers were supposed to be de-escalating the situation.
Outside Reviews Find Tamir Rice's Shooting Justified. COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) \u2014 A white Cleveland police officer was justified in fatally shooting a black 12-year-old boy holding
Michigan Man Killed After Shooting Deputy With Crossbow. \I thought I could see a cop drop, then I saw muzzle fire.\
Texas Cop Survives Attempted Ambush, Shoots Suspect. Four teenage boys are suspected of the attempted attack.
One Killed And Another Wounded At Texas Southern University Shooting. HOUSTON (AP) \u2014 One person was killed and another wounded during a shooting at a Texas Southern University\u00a0student housing
Two Victims Shot On Texas Southern University Campus. This is the second shooting at TSU this week.
Two Victims Shot On Texas Southern University Campus. This is the second shooting at TSU this week.
Stranded Sailor Arrested Immediately After His Rescue. It's safe to say he wasn't having a great day.
Oregon Shooter's Mother Wrote About Guns In Online Forum. Investigators say Harper-Mercer's mother has told them the son was struggling with some mental health issues.
In New Mexico Prisons, Little Sleep For Guards Means High Turnover. SANTA FE \u2013 Corrections officers at some of New Mexico\u2019s state-run prisons say long days working mandatory overtime shifts
Bystander Opens Fire On Suspected Home Depot Shoplifters. It's unclear if the woman, who had a concealed carry permit, will be charged.
Prostitute's Penis Description Sends Pedophile Flasher To Prison. \I have such a small one that I would not want anyone to laugh at me.\
Oregon Shooter Ranted In Manifesto About Not Having Girlfriend. He wrote something to the effect of
Amtrak Train Derails In Vermont, Seven Taken To Hospital. No life-threatening injuries have been reported.
Four California Students Arrested For Plotting Mass Shooting. Oct 4 (Reuters) - Four northern California students have been arrested for plotting to carry out a\u00a0shooting at a high school
Oregon Shooter Asked About Religion, Another Survivor Attests. Cheyenne Fitzgerald's recollection is consistent with other witnesses' accounts.
Oregon Shooter Died By Suicide. The suicide occurred during a firefight with law enforcement officers.
Softball Coach Groped Players, Offered Porn Connections, Suit Says. Adult film actress allegedly invited to practice for \life-counseling sessions.\
Alleged Oregon Shooter Was A Shy Recluse. \He was over 20 years old when we talked, but his mindset was like a teenager.\
Fire At Planned Parenthood Was Started By Arsonist, Authorities Say. \The toxic rhetoric directed at Planned Parenthood has dangerous consequences.\
Oregon Sheriff Still Won't Say College Shooter's Name. \You will not hear anyone from this law enforcement operation use his name.\
Families Remember Victims Of Tragic Oregon School Shooting. Our hearts go out to the families and survivors.
Oregon College Shooter Identified As Chris Harper Mercer. Reports say the shooter had three handguns and an assault weapon.
Veterinary Board Seeks To Revoke License For Texas Vet Who Killed Cat With Arrow. Dr. Kristen Lindsey is appealing the decision.
Prison Inmates Name Feared Guard Known As 'Captain America'. Inmates at the Clinton Correctional Facility in northern New York said the guards who beat them in the days after a brazen
South Dakota High School Principal Injured In School Shooting. The suspect, a student, is in custody.
Artist Shot Dead While Working On Oakland Anti-Violence Mural. The mural was supposed to inspire big dreams in the troubled neighborhood.
Police Arrest Mom Of Man In Wheelchair Who Was Fatally Shot. She allegedly beat the woman she suspected called 911 about her son.
Two Arrested In Slaying Of UCLA Student Andrea DelVesco. Andrea DelVesco's body was found in her apartment after the building caught fire.
Fairfax Cop Uses Stun Gun On Man Who Does Not Appear To Be Resisting. \He didn't see it coming.\
Woman Accused Of Riding Sea Turtle Arrested In Florida. A Facebook photo appears to show her and another woman harassing the protected species.
Ghost Hunting Couple, Reno Man All Died From Gunshot Wounds. Debra and Mark Constantino had appeared on the Travel Channel's series, \Ghost Adventures.\
Mom Faces 15 More Years In Prison For Failing To Protect Kids From Abuser, Who Served Just 2 Years. OKLAHOMA CITY \u2014 Tondalo Hall, a battered woman whose lengthy prison term in a child abuse case has outraged women\u2019s rights
4 Dead, 12 Critically Injured In Seattle Bus Crash. Four people died and 12 others were critically injured when a charter bus and a popular sightseeing tour bus collided head
Cops Charge Man In Arizona Highway Shootings. Police say they have connected him to just four of the 11 total shootings.
Elderly Man Allegedly Punched In The Face Over Costco Nutella Samples. \It's a shame that it had to come to this over a Nutella sample.\
Lawyers Can Keep Bras On While Entering Maine Jail. \I appreciate that [the sheriff] recognizes that I shouldn't have to take off my clothes to see my clients.\
Former NYPD Cop Pleads Guilty To Drunkenly Firing 14 Shots At Car. Victim Joseph Felice was shot six times for no apparent reason.
Woman Asks Facebook Friends If Someone Would Shoot Her Dog. A three-year-old dog is safe in a Texas foster home after her owner attempted to take out a hit on her. A woman in Troupe
Man Convicted Of Pushing Wife From Rocky Mountain Cliff On Anniversary. His first wife also died under suspicious circumstances while he was alone with her.
3 People Hurt In Alabama Church Shooting, Suspect Arrested. James Minter was arrested after the shooting Sunday at the Oasis Church in East Selma, Alabama.
Dad In 'Baby Doe' Case Says Mom Not To Blame For Toddler's Death. \I know with all my heart that Rachelle Bond would never, ever do anything to hurt anybody.\
Peanut Exec Faces Life Sentence For Shipping Tainted Peanut Butter. He's been blamed for a salmonella outbreak that killed 9 people and left hundreds more ill.
Life Sentence For Dad Who Threw Daughter From Cliff. Prosecutors said he didn't want to pay child support; he said she died in an accident.
Wrong-Way Driver Dies After Deputy Shoots At Him From Helicopter. \We actually train, the pilots train, to shoot from helicopters.\
Leslie Allen Merritt Jr., Suspect In Phoenix Freeway Shootings, Says He Is 'Wrong Guy'. PHOENIX (AP) \u2014 A landscaper who is the suspect in a series of Phoenix freeway shootings told a judge Saturday that authorities
Fight Breaks Out After Murder Suspect, Witness Put In Same Cell. Great job, jail.
Governor. The shootings have caused anxiety for motorists using the stretch of I-10, the southernmost transcontinental highway in the United States, which runs through the Phoenix metro area.
2-Month-Old Baby, 2 Others Gunned Down Inside Utah Home. Alexander Tran allegedly shot 2-month-old Lyrik Poike, her grandmother Heike and another man.
Nude Woman Rescued 3 Miles Off California Coast. It's unclear how she got so far from shore.
Friend Of Dylann Roof Charged With Lying To Federal Agents And Concealing Information. He told the FBI that he had not known the specifics of Roof's planned attack.
The Death Of Victoria Gray. If a reporter asks John Gray to do an in-person interview, he insists that the backdrop is the same
Delta State University Shooter Left Apology Note Before Killings. \I am so very sorry. I wish I could take it back.\
Jail Is Sinking Families Into Poverty, And Women Pay The Most. \There's a lot of shame around it, and you think you're the only one going through it, but you're not.\
1 Dead After Shooting At Delta State University. The campus is still on lockdown.
Man Accused Of Killing Firefighter Was Mad Over Traffic Delay. The firefighters were trying to raise money for muscular dystrophy.
Gunman Kills Professor At Delta State University. The victim has been identified as Ethan Schmidt, a history professor.
Kids Found Living Inside A Shipping Crate In An Underground Cave. A 4-year-old was found eating a dirty, dry cup of ramen noodles.
Father Went From Room To Room Killing His Family, Then Himself. Brian Short was the founder of a social networking site for nurses.
Couple Hears Screaming, Finds Woman Trapped In Car For 2 Days. \This woman is lucky to be alive.\
Woman Arrested After Her Pit Bulls Attack Man In Violent Video. A good Samaritan intervened, only to get mauled himself.
Tom Cruise's Film Crew In Plane Crash That Killed 2. The twin-engine plane ran into bad weather.
Hawaii Man's Stealing Spree Includes 6 Ukuleles, 3 Vehicles. Only in Hawaii...
Woman Allegedly Attacks Cop With Bayonet After Leaving Psych Ward. She hid under a blanket before swinging at the officer with an 18-inch blade.
Police Shoot Suspect To End Los Angeles Hostage Situation. The gunman was shot when heavily armed officers stormed the restaurant.
Toddler Eats Heroin Substitute At Playground. \I 100 percent thought I was going to lose her.\
Limbo For Michael Slager, Ex-Cop Filmed Shooting Walter Scott In The Back. A circuit judge said he would need more time to decide whether to grant bond.
Boyfriend\u2019s Ex Questioned In Murdered Dentist Case. Police said the woman \ended a two-year relationship\ with the victim's boyfriend.
British Airways Plane Catches Fire At Las Vegas Airport. LAS VEGAS (AP) \u2014 An engine on a London-bound British Airways jet caught fire Tuesday while the plane was preparing to take
8 Arrested While Praying At Site Of Controversial Telescope In Hawaii. Many Native Hawaiians consider Mauna Kea to be sacred land.
DOMESTIC TERRORISM. Authorities urged motorists to be on guard and report any suspicious activity.
Florida Teen Kills Estranged Father In Home Invasion. He saw the man hold a gun to his mother's head.
Baby Boy Dies After Being Left In Hot Car For 40 Minutes. The child's toddler sister survived.
Miami Police Officer's Facebook Plea. \The oath is colorblind.\
Who Wanted This Dentist Dead?. \She admitted that she conspired with an unnamed individual.\
NYPD Officers Fire 84 Shots At Suspect, Miss 83 Times. \I couldn't believe how long it was going on.\
Officials Say Planned Parenthood Fire In Washington State Was Arson. \This is an appalling act of violence towards Planned Parenthood.\
Sacramento Community College Reopens After Fatal Shooting. \It all happened so fast.\
Video Could Be Key To Finding Alleged Killers Of Cop Charles Gliniewicz. Images on the video matched the description of the two white men and one black man suspected in the case
Animal Lovers Unhappy With Proposal To Kill Outdoor Cats In Nation's Capital. \This policy will do nothing but kill healthy animals for no reason.\
3 Hurt In Machete Attack On University Of Arkansas Campus. The suspect, who was also injured, was taken to a hospital and arrested.
11-Year-Old Kills Missouri Teen In Murky Home Shooting. Police said the teen was an intruder, but witnesses said younger boy went on attack.
13-Year-Old Boy Convicted Of Playground Murder. \He wanted to die, he wanted to end it all.\
Cocaine Cowboy 'White Boy Rick' Could Be Released On New Law. \They put him away for life, they buried him.\
Even Prison Officials Want To Curb Solitary Confinement. The heads of prisons across the country call for a big reduction in the use of solitary.
Man Trying To Prove Gun Won't Fire Shoots Self In Head. Don't point guns at people, or yourself.
Plane Crashes Into California Driveway, Killing 2. \A few seconds later it was followed by sounds like a car crashing.\
Mom Says She Pulled Gun On Teens Threatening Her Son. Police are still trying to piece together exactly what happened.
Jail Deputies Arrested For Allegedly Beating Mentally Ill Inmate To Death. The inmate was in protective custody on a misdemeanor drug charge when he died from internal bleeding.
Officer Shot Own Cruiser In Fabricated Story About Attack. The gunman authorities were searching for on Wednesday doesn't exist.
Indian Grandfather Paralyzed By Alabama Cop Was Not Threatening, Colleague Testifies. The trial is underway for an officer caught slamming an Indian man to the ground.
Hawaii Police Destroy $575,000 Worth Of Guns To Keep Them Off Street. But one critic calls the decision \the height of anti-gun stupidity.\
Sheriff Says Man Killed With Hands In Air Possibly Had Knife. There's a second video of the incident that authorities have not released.
'Fight Club' Allegations At New Jersey Daycare Spark Outrage. Prosecutors say workers encouraged toddlers to fight each other and filmed it
Man Allegedly Shoots Himself During Scuffle With Transit Cops. They had told him to stop smoking in the BART station.
College Football Player Used Drugs Before Texas Police Shooting. Does that justify the use of force?
Kidnapping Suspect Says Vaccine's Side Effects Led Him To Crime. The claim comes from an interview the suspect did with a TV journalist.
Baltimore Officers To Be Tried Separately Over Freddie Gray Death. It's \not in the interest of justice\ to try them together, a judge ruled.
Weeks Before Aurora Attack, James Holmes Had University On Edge. Though Holmes had \constant homicidal thoughts,\ he had never revealed specific targets or plans before the attack.
Protesters Gather For Key Hearing In Freddie Gray Case. Prosecutors and defense attorneys spar over important points of contention.
Prosecution Scores Two Big Wins In Freddie Gray Case. The judge called the defense's argument \condescending.\
Hawaii Teen Arrested For Bringing A Rifle To McDonald's Dispute. The boy allegedly displayed the weapon to scare off bullies.
Illinois Manhunt Underway After Officer Is Shot And Killed. The suspects are considered armed and dangerous.
Former Missouri State Senator Jeff Smith Reflects On Going From Politics To Prison. Turns out what he thought was \something fishy\ was actually something illegal.
Dogs Trapped In Hot Cars Could Be Freed By Good Samaritans Under Proposed Florida Law. \We're a country that loves our pets.\
Man Suspected Of Killing Texas Deputy Had History Of Mental Illness. Miles is facing capital murder charges in the slaying of Harris County Sheriff's Deputy Darren Goforth.
White Ex-Police Chief Who Killed Unarmed Black Man Avoids Jail Time. He must serve one year under house arrest.
'Coward' Murdered Texas Deputy As He Pumped Gas, Sheriff Says. \He runs up... puts the gun to the back of his head and shoots.\
Dad Accidentally Shoots 9-Year-Old Daughter While Cleaning Gun. The girl underwent surgery and is in guarded condition.
Slain Cameraman Honored. Remembering one of the two victims of the on-air shooting.
Man To Be Executed For Rape, Murder Of 15-Year-Old Girl. \The delay in executing these two is just nuts because it didn't have anything to do with their guilt.\
Maryland Teen Allegedly Sexually Abused Child Since She Was 3. The 17-year-old is charged as an adult with raping the girl, now 9.
Texas Deputy Gunned Down In 'Cold-Blooded' Attack At Gas Station. Harris County deputy Darren Goforth was shot in the back multiple times, police say
Bystander Killed During NYPD Undercover Gun Deal Gone Wrong. A bystander standing near an armed suspect was struck and killed.
Texas Sheriff's Deputy Killed In Ambush At Gas Station. The deputy was shot multiple times in an apparent ambush while pumping gas.
Pregnant Woman Dies After Allegedly Kidnapped By Ex. It's believed that Ryan Arnold shot his ex-girlfriend before dumping her body from a moving car while police chased him.
Suspect Arrested For Allegedly Killing Deputy In Gas Station Ambush. Deputy Darren Goforth was pumping gas about 8:30 p.m. Friday when a man approached him from behind and fired multiple shots.
Armed Suspects Used Periscope To Hunt For Man. Viewers watching on Periscope egged on the suspects and encouraged them to use the gun.
Utah Woman Sentenced To 30 Years For Killing Baby With Methadone. Courtney Howell sad she spiked her girl's bottle with the drug to help her sleep.
TSA Agent Allegedly Molests Traveler At NYC Airport. \Supposedly he took her into another area using his official position, being in uniform, and she thought it was a part of his official duty,\ an airport spokesman said.
Black Man Jailed For Months Over $5 Theft Found Dead In Cell. \u201cHe never did anything serious, never harmed anybody.\u201d
President Mistakes 'Jeffersons' For Sanford & Sons'. Crime of the Century? Don't Take Obama to trivia night.
'Playing Possum' Helped Victim Survive On-Air TV Shooting. Writings and evidence seized from Flanagan's apartment showed the man \closely identified\ with people who have committed mass murders.
Ex-KKK Member Killed 3 Near Jewish Sites 'To Stop Genocide Against My People'. \I had no criminal intent,\ the shooter said.
No Retrial For White Cop Who Killed Unarmed Black Man Jonathan Ferrell. \Two years later, Jonathan Ferrell is still looking for help.\
Prep School Grad Acquitted Of Felony Rape, Guilty Of Misdemeanors. He admitted deleting 119 Facebook messages, including a boast that he \pulled every trick in the book\ to have sex with her.
Hiker Burned, Two Dogs Die After Leaping Into Idaho Hot Springs. A park spokeswoman said drought conditions may be to blame for the dangerously high water temperature
Families Speak Out About WDBJ Shooting Victims. \They were just bright and shining stars who brought so much joy.\
Mississippi State University. \I saw people jumping out of first floor windows.\
Prep School Rape Suspect Ignored Girl's 'No' Plea. The jury heard closing arguments in the high-profile case on Thursday.
Baby Sitter Gets 14 Years In Toddler's Death. She pushed the boy in the face, causing him to fall and strike his head.
Bruce Davis Eligible For Parole For Charles Manson Family Murders. It's the fourth time the board recommended releasing the convicted killer.
White Supremacist 'Felt Such Exhilaration' After Killing 3. He took a swig of whiskey after the shooting, but was stunned to learn that he didn't shoot any Jews.
Ohio Mom Pleads Not Guilty To Killing 3 Young Sons Out Of Jealousy. The prosecution alleges the mom was jealous of the attention her husband gave the boys.
Defendant Snatches Bailiff's Gun, Kills Himself At Courthouse. Eric Barnett wasn't handcuffed at the time.
WDBJ Chief. \We're hurt enough that we want to express our anger.\
Hit-And-Run Rampage Leaves Multiple People Injured. Suspect's shirt reportedly read \Only God can judge me.\
2 Killed, Including Police Officer, In Louisiana Domestic Dispute. Two people are dead after the suspect unleashed violence on the town of Sunset.
TV Shooter Showed 'Bizarre Behavior' Throughout Volatile Career. Vester Lee Flanagan II was fired from at least two stations for conflicts with co-workers.
Casino Bus Slams Into NYC Building. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 A casino bus crashed into a three-story brick building Monday, sheering off a large part of the structure
Florida Man Accused Of Killing Man With Hot Frying Pan Identified By Tats. Two years later, he's been captured.
Eric Roberts, Ex-Trooper Accused Of Rape At Traffic Stops, Due In Court. Several women have come forward.
Catholic Cardinal's Hawaii Getaway Ends In DUI Arrest. \I regret my error in judgment,\ the high-ranking Vatican official said.
Woman Hires Hitman Because Her Grandkids Got Lice, Police Say. Police said the suspect admitted  saying she wanted someone killed, but said it was just a joke.
Oklahoma Labor Commissioner Slain In Restaurant. Costello's 26-year-old son, Christian Costello, was arrested for first-degree murder.
Mass Shootings Far More Common In The U.S. Than Any Other Country. The incidents seem to accumulate at a staggering pace
Louisiana State Trooper Shot In The Head During Traffic Stop. Other drivers stopped to help.
Officer Shot In The Head While Trying To Help Motorist Dies. \Tragically these things happen far too often around the country.\
Missing Boy Found Alive Near Remote Mountain Lake. \It's like finding a needle in a haystack.\
Pokemon Geeks Bring Guns To Championship. \My AR-15 says you lose.\
Cops Search For Motive In Deadly Federal Building Shooting. Authorities revealed new details in the shooting that ended in the deaths of two people.
Hawaii Man Accused Of Murdering Wife In Front Of Young Daughter. The 10-year-old girl was reportedly found hiding in a back bedroom.
Man Faces Obscenity Charge After O'Donnell's Daughter Found. TOMS RIVER, N.J. (AP) \u2014 The owner of the home where Rosie\u00a0O\u2019Donnell\u2019s missing teen daughter was found earlier this week has
Teen Killed By St. Louis Cops Was Shot In The Back, Autopsy Finds. St. Louis police chief says being shot in the back \doesn't mean he was running away.\
Gunman Kills Guard And Then Self At NYC Federal Building. A gunman slipped through a side door of a Manhattan federal building late Friday, fatally shot a security guard, then killed
Explosion At JFK High School In The Bronx Injures 3. Contractors working at night were injured in the blast.
Mistrial Declared For Cop Charged With Killing Jonathan Ferrell. The jury deadlocked after four days of deliberations.
Ex-NHL Goon Dale Purinton Accused Of Attacking Man In Burglary. He faces more than the penalty box.
Ex-NFL Cheerleader Sentenced For Raping 15-Year-Old. \At the end of the day, there's nothing that we can do to take this pain away from him,\ the victim's father said.
Security Video Shows Motel Explosion In Washington State. A worker smelled gas and pulled the fire alarm, saving the lives of dozens of guests.
Mother Of 5 Dead In Supermarket Stabbing. Police are still looking for a possible motive.
Woman Let Uncle With Autism Starve To Death, Cops Say. While he starved, she collected his Social Security benefits, cops said.
Baltimore Cop Charged After Allegedly Shooting Unarmed Man In Groin. Man was already subdued when officer fired and called him a \piece of s**t.\
No Charges For Cops Who Killed Man Who Had His Hands Up. The officers said they believe they were in \imminent danger.\
Prison Escapee Appears In Court. David Sweat is already a convicted cop killer.
Some Guy At A 'Muslim-Free' Gun Shop Accidentally Shot Himself. \It's like the Clampetts have come to town.\
Jared Fogle's Victims To Benefit From Groundbreaking Plea Deal. The disgraced Subway pitchman will pay his 14 victims $1.4 million in restitution.
Sex Predator Trooper Advertised 'Traffic Stop Sex' On Craigslist. He was sentenced to 5 years in prison for violating women's civil rights
Cops Accused Of Murdering Handcuffed Man With Stun Guns. The local medical examiner ruled the death of Gregory Towns a homicide.
Tearful Teen Says Prep School Student Raped Her As Part Of Game. The teen told jurors she was \frozen\ when her alleged attacker became aggressive.
Jared Fogle Paid For Sex With Minors, Received Child Porn. Prosecutors say the porn was produced by the ex-director of his charity
Police Kill Armed Black Man In St. Louis On Anniversary Of Another Officer-Involved Shooting. Protests later broke out at the scene of the shooting.
93-Year-Old Tuskegee Airman Robbed, Then Carjacked After He Gets Lost. The WWII vet said he got out of his car to ask two men for help. They got into his car and drove away.
Gun Possession Charge Dropped For Man Who Can't Use Arms. TRENTON, N.J. (AP) \u2014 A man who can't use his arms because of a spinal condition has had a New Jersey gun possession charge
Alleged Torture Of Gay Black Man Leads To Hate Crime Charges For 2 Men. If convicted, both could face up to life in prison.
Cops Who Killed Homeless Man Will Stand Trial For Murder. \He was not a threat when they shot him.\
Man Arrested In 1980 Slaying Of Mother, Daughter. The arrest of two others in recent years led cops to Cruz.
10-Year-Old Drives Drunk Dad, Cops Say. STILLWATER, N.Y. (AP) -- Police say an upstate New York man had his 10-year-old drive his pickup truck while he was sitting
Man And Girlfriend Allegedly Kill His Father And Oklahoma Officer. Investigators say the shooting started with a dispute over a pickup truck.
Officers Fired Excessive Number Of Shots At Bank Robbers. \There was no planned response for when the suspect vehicle stopped.\
Trial Begins For White Supremacist Frazier Glenn Cross. Though Cross allegedly shot at Jewish sites, the three people he's accused of killing were not Jewish.
Man Sets Himself On Fire At Columbus City Hall In Ohio. Three workers from the city's Recreation and Parks Department helped put out the flames.
Tokyo Man Allegedly Severs Wife's Lover's Penis, Flushes It. The attacker is thought to have acted out of revenge
Alleged Teen Rapist Says He Was Trying To Win Prep School Sex Competition. CONCORD, N.H. (AP) \u2014 St. Paul's School boasts a glittering roster of alumni that includes senators, congressmen, a Nobel
5 Dead After Small Planes Collide In Midair. SAN DIEGO (AP) \u2014 Five people were killed as two airplanes collided while nearing an airport in Southern California, authorities
California Officers, Lawyer Arrested In Murder, Cover-Up. Korey Kauffman had been missing since 2012.
New Details Emerge In Forgotten Murder That Snared Attorney, Highway Patrolmen. Those arrested either played a part in the killing of the 26-year-old Korey Kauffman or helped cover it up, officials said.
Group Files Complaint Against Judge Who Sentenced Man To Marry Girlfriend. The judge had told the man he could go to jail for 15 days or marry his girlfriend within the month.
Officer Boasts Of 'Annual Michael Brown Bonus,' Prompts Investigation. \u201cWe understand the post is controversial,\ the St. Louis Police Department said.
Cops Didn't Enter Home Where Family Was Murdered Until Hours After First 911 Call. HOUSTON (AP) \u2014 Relatives of a Houston couple and their six children who were fatally shot in their home can't understand
Florida Dad Let Teen Daughter Dance, Do Drugs At Strip Club. The suspect's lawyer says dancing on a stripper pole is not simulated sexual intercourse.
Honolulu Man Was Set To Push $400,000 Of Meth On Hawaii Streets. He shipped some of it to the islands hidden with a Golden Nugget sweater.
3 Dead In Baltimore Shooting, More Than 200 Others Killed This Year. Police recovered handguns from two of the victims.
Elementary School Teacher Struck And Killed By Roller Coaster. He jumped the fence to retrieve his dropped phone and wallet.
Family Of Four Found Dead In Michigan Home. \We'll be on the alert, that's for sure, until we know what really happened.\
Police Dog Dies In Squad Car After Air Conditioner Fails. At least six police dogs have died in hot cars in the U.S. this summer.
Woman Allegedly Locks Disabled Sister In Closet For 7 Years. The victim had little food, water, and only a bucket.
'Today I Die,' Says Gang Leader Who Killed Self After Shooting Firefighter. \We need EMS... we have a report of a firearm... firefighter shot.\
Baby Dies After Dad Seen Allegedly Beating Him While Driving. Jayceon Chrystie was just 4 months old.
Lewis Fogle's Murder Conviction Tossed After 34 Years In Prison. He's free, but could still be retried.
Lawyer Defends Fired Cop Who Killed Teen Football Player. Lawyer defends fired cop who killed teen football player
Beauty Queen Arrested For Allegedly Faking Cancer For Cash. One fundraising event brought in $14,000, authorities said.
Man Who Carjacked Woman In Labor Gets 5 Years. A gun was pointed at her as she went into labor.
California DMV Employees Traded Cash For Licenses, Feds Say. Up to 23 traffic accidents could be related to the fraud.
5 Spectacular Police Screw-Ups. Some forms of police conduct are split-second decisions gone wrong -- officers who are too quick on the trigger (or the Taser
Folsom Prison Riot Leaves Inmate Dead Others Injured. Several were hospitalized with stab wounds.
Pennsylvania Wants To Use Science In Criminal Sentencing. A FiveThirtyEight reporter tells HuffPost Live about the way \risk assessments\ could change criminal justice.
NY Prisoners. Night had fallen at the Clinton Correctional Facility when the prison guards came for Patrick Alexander. They handcuffed
Sheriff In Sandra Bland Case Tells Pastor. \His behavior and his intimidation is completely inappropriate. I've never been disrespectful to him.\
Inmates Help The Injured After Prison Bus Crashes Into Semi. \Everybody's seen the movies and I thought, 'Oh no, I'm gonna have inmates scatter and we're gonna have 50 fugitives.\
Movie Theater Prank Frightens Many And Injures 3 In California. Someone wielding a \chainsaw\ -- actually, a leaf blower -- decided to ruin everyone's evening.
NYPD Union Responds To Calls For Reform By Shaming The Homeless. Memo calls officials fighting for police accountability \inept and spineless.\
Dead Dog Found With Note. \Nobody should have to go through this.\
71-Year-Old Woman Shot In The Leg While Knitting Inside Her Home. Officers recovered five shell casings near a basketball court across the street.
Video Shows Man Holding Gun Before Allegedly Shooting At Police Officers In Ferguson. He's holding a gun, but the video doesn't show him shooting it.
Dead Toddler's Father Pleads Insanity To Corpse Abuse. MEDINA, Ohio (AP) -- A man charged with corpse abuse after a cable technician found his young daughter's decomposed body
Man Shot After Opening Fire On Officers In Ferguson, Police Say. Authorities told KTVI, the local Fox affiliate, that one man was shot by police and taken to an area hospital.\u00a0 During
Alleged Shooter Who Killed 8 Had Long History Of Domestic Violence. Before she died, police said a woman texted her mom that she was being held at gunpoint.
Suspect 'Calm And Laughing' After Allegedly Killing Vermont Social Worker. She's also suspected of killing two cousins and an aunt.
Footage Shows Christian Taylor Break Into Car But Not Shooting By Cop. But the dealership said there's no footage from the showroom where the shooting occurred.
After Serving 35 Years With No Conviction, Man Faces Retrial. The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Jerry Hartfield's capital murder conviction in 1980.
Girls Charged In Slender Man Attack Will Be Tried As Adults. The 13-year-olds could face decades in adult prison.
Family Of 6 Children, 2 Adults Fatally Shot Inside Houston Home. The alleged suspect had previously been in a relationship with the mother.
Washington D.C. Officer Shoots Woman Carrying Knife. Video purportedly shows the tense encounter.
San Francisco Police Detain Musician Fantastic Negrito For Allegedly Scalping Outside Lands Tickets. If he's proven guilty, Fantastic Negrito vows to retire.
Shootings On Same Street Leave 2 Dead And 3 Injured In North Carolina. Police are trying to unravel what connects the shootings in two houses on the same street.
Dead Vermont Women Were Related To Social Worker Shooter. \Both doors were wide open, and I walked into the living room, and that's where I saw my mom dead.\
Young, Unarmed Black Man Killed By Cop Didn't Want To 'Die Too Young'. \I don't feel protected by the police.\
Canadian Tourist Gives Hawaii Man A Ride, Gets Robbed At Gunpoint. A Maui man, caught by cops who tracked the victim's stolen iPhone, was held for trial.
Juvenile Detention Centers Are Not for Abused Kids. Some juvenile detention centers may double as holding places for abused children, but they remain juvenile detention centers nonetheless. I am all too familiar with this phenomenon because, like the Tsimhoni children, my sister and I were incarcerated in a juvenile detention center for refusing to see our father at the age of 14.
Man Dies Falling From Wall After Cops Use Taser During Chase. He fell from an 8-foot wall.
5 Creepy Things You Learn Cleaning Up Murder Scenes. Let's say you die in some spectacular way ... and then nobody finds your body for a couple of weeks. Who the hell cleans
Teen Brothers Who Murdered Family Had USB Drive With Plans Of Attack. \I could hear someone trying to be quiet and crying.\
Suspect In Murder Of Louisiana Cop Arrested After Manhunt. The suspect already had an arrest warrant on a charge of attempted second-degree murder.
Man Who Escaped Prison More Than 3 Decades Ago Captured. He was serving 15 years for armed robbery.
The Sentence Is In For Aurora Shooter James Holmes. The court will announce the jury's decision at 5 p.m. MDT today.
Father Indicted After Toddler's Body Found In Crib. MEDINA, Ohio (AP) \u2014 An Ohio man was indicted by a grand jury in connection with keeping the body of his dead 1-year-old daughter
Shootout Leaves Black Man Dead And Officer Wounded. \This was not a racially charged incident,\ the police chief said.
Sandy Hook Families Get $1.5M Settlement From Lanza Estate. Lawsuits against the Newtown school board and the maker of the assault-style rifle Lanza used are unresolved.
'Tarzan' Arrested For Trying To Swing Into Monkey Exhibit At Zoo, Police Say. \u201cHe\u2019s shouting at people that he\u2019s Tarzan.\
NYPD Cop Indicted On 40 Charges Related To Rape Of Young Girl. Joel Doseau allegedly met the girl online and lied about his age.
Officer Draws Gun On Man Filming Him, Asks If He's 'Constitutionalist Crazy Guy'. The man filming said he was trying to protect himself.
Suspect In Theater Attack Was Committed At Least 4 Times. His mom says he was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
Dash Cam Video Shows Seconds Before Unarmed Man Killed By Cops. In the video, you can hear the 12 shots the officer fired at the unarmed man looking for help after an accident.
Man Brutally Kills Ex and Her Grandma Because Of Baby's Name. Pittsburgh police say a man upset that his ex-girlfriend wouldn't name their newborn son after him fatally stabbed her 15
Shots Reported For 2nd Day At Mississippi Military Site. Shots were reported outside Camp Shelby, a military post in Mississippi, for the second straight day, federal and state military
Suicides In Jails On The Rise. Report comes in the wake of Sandra Bland's death behind bars.
Listen To Chilling Audio Of A Boy Calling 911 During A Robbery. \I think they might be inside.\
'Ritual Killing' May Be Linked To Blue Moon, Police Say. \Our person of interest has some ties to a faith or religion that is indicative of that,\ the sheriff said.
Man Accused Of Decapitating Wife Was 'Trying To Get The Evil Out'. Police say the man amputated part of his own arm and gouged out his eye after the attack.
Autopsy Shows Police Shot Zachary Hammond In The Back And Side. The local police chief had earlier said that Hammond was \not shot from behind.\
Man Accidentally Leaves Baby In Car, Calls 911. SILVER SPRING, Md. (AP) \u2014 Authorities say a man left his 6-month-old baby in a truck parked at a Metro station in Maryland
Escaped Inmate Richard Matt Was Drunk At Time Of Death. A person as drunk as Matt is likely to suffer loss of balance and muscle control, vomiting and dangerously impaired judgment.
Man Kills Ex, Her Grandma, For Not Naming Baby After Him. PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Pittsburgh police say a man upset that his ex-girlfriend wouldn't name their newborn son after him fatally
'Criminal Minds' TV Show Teaches Murder Suspect To Hide Bodies. A 25-year-old Florida woman was charged with murder after allegedly killing her father and 6-year-old daughter and then using
Indiana Beauty Queen Killed In Car Accident. The crash happened just weeks after she was named Miss Crawford County.
'Weaponized Marijuana' Is Allegedly The New Scary Drug In New York City. With a name like that, how could it not spread anxiety
Father Of Theater Shooting Victim Now Sits In Son's Row At Movies. \We go up and we sit in Alex's row ... and we sit next to him.\
Tourist Brings Loaded Guns To 9/11 Memorial. NEW YORK (AP) -- Authorities say a tourist has been arrested on charges she carried two loaded handguns at the Sept. 11 memorial
Jury Moves Closer To Death Penalty In James Holmes Trial. \u201cIf the people haven\u2019t cried enough yet, prepare to cry a great deal more.\u201d
Suspect In Memphis Cop Killing Turns Himself In. The ex-con was on probation for an armed bank robbery
15 Shot In Chicago On Sunday. At least 15 people were shot, including two young children, in\u00a0shootings across Chicago since Sunday afternoon, police said
Man Throws Chainsaws At Cops During High Speed Chase. He told the cops he'd taken meth.
90 Years For Man Who Shot 2-Year-Old. His brother was sentenced to 70 years.
Man Fatally Shot Outside Courthouse, Suspect 'A Good Guy,' Girlfriend Says. \I don't know what happened.\
Dad Shoots Daughter While Teaching Her About Gun Safety. Police say the shooting of a 12-year-old girl was accidental, but they are investigating.
Cops Killed Homeless Man Who Wanted To Surrender. Two officers are charged with murder.
Kentucky Man Arrested For Shooting Down Neighbor's Drone. \I have a right as an American citizen to defend my property.\
Manhunt Underway In Memphis For Alleged Cop Killer. \He's a coward.\
Man Pleads Guilty To Killing 10-Year-Old Son. \I killed my son.\
Memphis Police Officer Fatally Shot During Traffic Stop. Police say a manhunt is underway.
Lifeguard Attacked By Trio, Fights Back Fiercely. \First time something like this has happened.\
Teen Disfigured By Catcaller's Pipe Attack. \I looked down and saw my teeth in my hand.\
42 Maximum-Security Inmates In Utah Prison Begin Hunger Strike. They're demanding the release of gang leaders, among other things.
James Holmes Defense Make Final Appeal For Mercy. A woman interrupted the prosecutor, screaming, ''Mental illness is real,\ and, \Don't kill him, it's not his fault.\
Man Held In San Francisco Jail  Dies By Suicide Despite Warnings. Could his death have been prevented?
Is This Thief A Ninja Or Just Some Guy In A Leather Jacket?. \I don\u2019t see too many swords,\ an officer said.
Huckleberry Finn Charged With Sexual Assault. He's being held on a $25,000 bail.
Handcuffed Hit-And-Run Suspect Dies In San Francisco Police Custody. He was \incoherent\ and threatening before police caught him, a motorist said.
Officers Involved In Samuel DuBose Shooting Were Sued In Earlier Death Of Unarmed Black Man. The two officers restrained a mentally ill patient while another cop shot him with a stun gun.
Man Loses Fingers In Musket Misfire. He put too much gunpowder in the weapon.
Cop Fatally Shot Teen In Back, Not In Self-Defense, Family Says. Zachary Hammond's family and attorneys say the police department's version of events doesn't add up.
What The Video Shows Vs. What The Officer Claims About Sam Dubose's Killing. The prosecutor says Ray Tensing's body cam video shows he was lying.
Cop Pleads Not Guilty In Killing Of Sam DuBose. The cop's lawyer says his client feared for his life.
Ex-Cop In Oklahoma Accused Of Raping 14-Year-Old Girl. The victim's grandmother found photos and messages on the teen's phone.
Teen Charged With Killing 8-Year-Old Maddy Middleton Was Nearby When Police Found Her Body. Police say the 15-year-old lived in the same apartment complex as the victim.
Florida Man Plotted ISIS-Inspired Backpack Bombing At Beach. He also considered detonating bombs at Fourth of July celebrations.
Family Gunned Down By Stranded Driver They Were Trying To Help. Only their daughter survived.
Chattanooga Shooter's Arrest Video Released. \I don't feel that I should be taken in right now.\
Suspicious Packages Sent To Oregon Government Buildings. SALEM, Ore. (AP) \u2014 Authorities in Oregon are investigating suspicious packages sent to government buildings around the
Body Believed To Be Missing Girl Found In Trash Bin, Police Say. Fifteen-year-old boy is being questioned by authorities.
Man Who Allegedly Decapitated Wife Had Attacked Relative Before. The violence was discovered Saturday when a neighbor went to check on Heisch and noticed her husband's arm was cut off.
Baltimore Cop Shoots, Wounds Man Who Ran Car Into Cruiser. The suspect was shot in the face.
Deadly Stabbing Attack At Maryland Prayer Center. A man was stabbed to death and his wife was seriously wounded on Sunday night during an attack at a Korean prayer center
Madyson 'Maddy' Middleton, 8, Missing In California, Police Say. The girl was last seen riding her scooter outside of a community center.
Florida Man Sentenced For Running Over Ducks With Lawnmower. A Florida landscaper accused of cackling as he \u00a0deliberately ran over a family of ducklings with a lawn mower probably isn't
Fake Hair Dresser Arrested For Voyeurism. FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) \u2014 A man who allegedly traveled around Arizona pretending to be a hair dresser so he could take sexually
Florida Teens Still Missing After Coast Guard Finds Their Capsized Boat. NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Namath has also joined the search.
Large Fire Breaks Out At Las Vegas Hotel's Pool. LAS VEGAS (AP) \u2014 A fire at a hotel's swimming pool sent large plumes of black smoke high above the Las Vegas Strip but left
Louisiana Shooter Booby-Trapped Former Home Amid Eviction. In the years leading up to the theater shooting on Thursday in Louisiana, suspected shooter John \Rusty\ Houser was becoming
Tipsters Help Cops Search For Motive In Theater Attack. Cops are interviewing victims and witnesses and hoping to discover why the killings happened.
Decapitated Woman, Mutilated Dogs Found In Phoenix Home. It gets worse.
Holmes Juror Wears Metallica T-Shirt Depicting Electric Chair. The judge in the Colorado movie massacre trial sent the jury home until Monday after a member of the panel complained early
Another Week, Another Mass Shooting. Every time there's a mass shooting like the one in the Louisiana movie theater, we see opinion pieces engaged in soul-searching -- but repeated efforts at gun control have failed miserably for decades and they'll keep failing no matter how much anguish we suffer.
Teachers Praised For Heroic Actions In Louisiana Shooting. \Out of tonight\u2019s tragedy, you are beginning to hear stories of heroism and self-sacrifice.\
Civilian 'Guard' Fires Gun While 'Protecting' Recruiting Center. Volunteer civilian \guards\ have been kicked off the grounds outside a military recruiting center in Lancaster, Ohio, after
Louisiana Movie Theater Shooting Victims Identified. The victims of a Thursday night shooting at a movie theater in Lafayette, Louisiana, were identified by police at a Friday
Louisiana Shooter Had History Of Domestic Violence, Radical Outbursts. A friend says John Russel Houser's behavior became stranger over the years.
Louisiana Theater Shooter Identified As John Russel Houser. Authorities on Friday morning identified the gunman in the Lafayette, Louisiana, theater shooting as a 59-year-old \drifter
Florida Man Head-Butts A Bus, Knocks Himself Out. \Criminals do silly things.\
Teens In Custody After Police Find 5 Dead In Oklahoma Home. BROKEN ARROW, Okla. (AP) \u2014 Police in eastern Oklahoma say five people have been found dead and two teenagers were taken into
Maine Police Ignored Her Pleas For Help Before Shooting Rampage, Survivor Says. Five people were shot and two killed in spate of attacks.
Death Penalty Can Be Considered In Colorado Theater Shooting Case. The jury will now decide if James Holmes deserves to die.
Child Predator Asks Boys, 'Do You Want To Be Scared?'. A predator has been roving around Puyallup, Washington state where he's tried to lure young children into his vehicle, police
Sandra Bland Swallowed Or Smoked 'Large Quantity Of Marijuana' In Jail. Sandra Bland, the black woman found hanging dead in a Texas jail days after a traffic stop, smoked or possibly swallowed
Woman Found Naked In Bushes Near Disney World May Have Been Raped. Authorities have released images of a person of interest in the case.
Dylann Roof Gets Famed Anti-Death Penalty Attorney For Federal Trial. David Bruck previously defended Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Man Who Filmed Dying Teen Pleads Not Guilty. CLEVELAND (AP) -- A man who posted a cellphone video of a grisly car crash that killed one teenage boy and critically injured
Armed Citizens Are Now Guarding Military Recruiting Centers After Chattanooga Shooting. COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) -- Gun-toting citizens are showing up at military recruiting centers around the country, saying they
Police Sgt. Scott Lunger Shot And Killed During Traffic Stop In California. SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A San Francisco Bay Area police sergeant was shot and killed during an early morning traffic stop Wednesday
Man Charged In Detox Center Shooting Resented Homeless. Suspect told investigators he was tired of cleaning up after \park rangers.\
Driver In Crash That Killed Four Could Face More Charges. Four others were seriously injured in the crash
Sleeping Homeless Man Set On Fire With Fireworks. The near-fatal attack follows other violence against the homeless.
LAPD Finds Huge Arsenal In Man's Home While Investigating His Death. \Our truck couldn't carry it all. We had to go back and make another trip.\
Fugitive Dies After Fleeing Police And Getting 'Wedged' Between Buildings. Police found roughly a pound of suspected marijuana in his car, though it's unclear what he was wanted for.
Suspect In 5 Weekend Murders Also Eyed In Toddler's Death. MODESTO, Calif. (AP) -- Police said Monday that a suspect in the homicides of five people whose bodies were found in a Northern
$2.5 Million Settlement For Family Of Inmate Who Died Of Thirst. RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) -- The N.C. Department of Public Safety says its Division of Adult Correction has reached a $2.5 million
Judge Says Defense In Freddy Gray Case Can Release Evidence. BALTIMORE (AP) \u2014 A Baltimore judge won't prohibit defense attorneys from releasing\u00a0evidence in the high-profile Freddie
Glenn Greenwald Questions If Chattanooga Shooting Was Terrorism. And if so, is the U.S. government guilty of the same thing?
Lover Of Ex-NFL Player Kills His Wife And Herself. Police said the mistress was upset about a trip the NFL veteran planned to take with his wife.
11-Year-Old Driver Hits Woman With Car In Maui. WAILUKU, Hawaii (AP) \u2014 Police say a pedestrian has life-threatening injuries after being hit by a car driven by an 11-year
Long Island Limo Crash Kills 4 Women. The SUV is said to have t-boned the limo, the second deadly crash on Long Island in recent days.
Family Of Chattanooga Shooter Proclaims 'Horror' At Massacre. \For many years, our son suffered from depression. It grieves us beyond belief to know that his pain found its expression in this heinous act of violence.\
5th Service Member Dies After Chattanooga Shooting. A U.S. Navy sailor has succumbed to injuries sustained in this week's deadly Tennessee rampage, bringing the victim death
Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Kills 4. BYRON, Maine (AP) -- Four people from Massachusetts have been found dead in a Maine cabin due to apparent carbon monoxide
Chattanooga Shooting Highlights FBI Concerns. WASHINGTON (AP) -- The deadly shootings at military sites in Tennessee illustrate the threat that FBI officials have warned
Alaska Plane Crash Kills 1 Of 5 Aboard. Several people were rescued from the crash which happened a month after a similar accident that killed nine.
Tennessee Shooting Suspect Texted Friend An Islamic Verse Hours Before Attack. Hours before the Tennessee shooting that killed five U.S. servicemen, the suspected gunman texted his close friend a link to a long Islamic verse that included the line
Chattanooga Shooter Visited Middle East. CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., July 17 (Reuters) - U.S. authorities are investigating travel to the Middle East by the suspect in the
Wildfire Burns Cars On California Freeway. Fire on the highway
4 Marines Killed In Chattanooga Shooting Identified. Lance Cpl. Squire \Skip\ Wells in a photo from his Facebook page. \u00a0 Wells was a graduate of Sprayberry High School\u00a0in the
New Videos Show Aftermath Of Police Shooting Rock-Throwing Man. Yes, he threw rocks, but was he a \lethal threat\?
Chattanooga Shooter Probed For Ties To Terrorist Groups. CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) \u2014 Hailey Bureau still recalls the quote her high school classmate Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez selected
Police Make Arrest In SoCal Lemonade Stand Heist. A man suspected of robbing two girls running a lemonade stand\u00a0in southern California has been arrested, The Associated Press
Chattanooga Shooter Obtained Some Guns Legally, Intended To 'Murder' Police. Attack doesn't appear to have been inspired by ISIS
Human Legs Found Near Downtown Connecticut Train Tracks (UPDATE). Cops are investigating as a possible homicide.
Police Release Footage Of Man Who Died After Being Pepper Sprayed. TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) \u2014 An Alabama police chief says he hopes releasing more than two hours of video and audio footage dispels
Missouri Executes Man Convicted Of Strangling 19-Year-Old. BONNE TERRE, Mo. (AP) \u2014 A Missouri inmate who sexually attacked a 19-year-old woman before tying her to a cemetery tree and
Jury Begins Deliberating Fate Of Shooter In Colorado Movie Theater. Will jurors believe that he was guilty by insanity?
Graphic Police Dash Cam Video Shows Fatal Shooting Of Unarmed Man. National outcry over police shootings brings old footage to light
Teenage Girl Who Survived Plane Crash Walked For Days Before Getting Picked Up By Motorist. SEATTLE (AP) \u2014 A driver picked up a teenage girl who survived a small plane crash in a mountainous area in Washington state
Disneyland Employee Allegedly Tried To Trade Tickets For Sex With Minor. Hotel dishwasher \was immediately relieved of his duties\
Police. July 12 (Reuters) - A man who opened fire on police with a\u00a0 shotgun was killed as\u00a0 two officers returned fire at a suburban
Man Dies After Police Use Pepper Spray During Arrest In Alabama. He began having breathing problems after officers pepper sprayed him during a struggle, officials say.
Man Dies After Getting Pepper Sprayed By Police. 
Police Battle Spike In City Violence After Years Of Decline. Numerous cities have seen a spike in homicides this year.
Judge Frees Kids She Sent To Juvenile Center For Avoiding Lunch With Father. They're going to summer camp instead
Judge Throws 3 Kids In Juvenile Center For Not Being Nice To Their Dad. 'You Have No Manners'
Subway Spokesman Jared Fogle's Home Raided In Child Porn Investigation. The home of Subway spokesman Jared Fogle was raided in connection with a federal child porn investigation. \u00a0 NBC's WTHR
Colorado Shooter's Urge to Kill Could Set Him Free. A jury will soon decide whether James Holmes is guilty or not guilty by reason of insanity. Last week, one of his victims, Ashley Moser, took the stand in her wheelchair.
NY Prison Break Inmate Headed Back Behind Bars. 
Little Boy Among 10 Dead, 54 Wounded In Chicago Violence. 
Man Dies Instantly After Setting Off Firework From His Head. 
Suspect Deported 5 Times Before Alleged Murder. 
'Oohs' And 'Ahs' Turn to Panicked Screams As Fireworks Bombard Crowd In Colorado. 
Fatal Alligator Attack In Texas. 
Ta-Nehisi Coates and Mayor Mitch Landrieu Talk Violence in America. Is violence a function of our culture? During a recent 2015 Aspen Ideas Festival session, New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu (D) and Senior Editor and National Correspondent for The Atlantic Ta-Nehisi Coates explored this complex and provocative question.
Veteran NFL Star Turns Self In To Face Strip Club Assault Charge. 
Former Chemist May Have Tainted Thousands Of Criminal Cases. 
Man Jailed On Suspicion Of Killing Parents Dies After Suicide Attempt. 
Teen Charged With Raping 7-Year-Old Girl On School Bus. 
Pilot Killed After Hospital Helicopter Crashes And Burns. 
Suspected Gunman Shot Dead By Journalist Reportedly Identified. 
What to Watch for in the FIFA Case, Part 5. It's increasingly clear that prosecutors have essentially unbounded discretion in deciding whom to charge in a case like this, and extraordinarily broad legal weapons to use against their chosen targets -- a troubling combination for anyone concerned with the rule of law.
In Search of the Illusive Rosebud. The last time that I saw Frank Hickey, we were both around seven years of age, drawing with crayons on the wall of his bedroom. It was allowed. Had I done that in my brownstone, two houses away, I would have been killed.
Tunisian Murder - Causes. Very high youth unemployment in Tunisia, due in part to substantial corruption, as well as increasing activities by radical Islamic groups all contributed, I believe, to influence the mad gunman, 24-year-old Seifeddine Rezgui, to kill 38 people, mainly tourists.
Survivors Guide to Earth. A shocking report by Amnesty International found not a single state in the U.S. has laws that meet international human rights standards for \use of force\ by police officers.
Mobster 'Whitey' Bulger Says His Life Was 'Wasted' In Letter Penned From Prison. 
Manhunt For Escaped Prisoner Heats Up After Accomplice Killed. 
Escaped Convict Richard Matt Killed. 
Escaped Murderers Could Be Headed For Canada, Authorities Say. 
Sex With the Female Teacher... Don't Tell. 
Hate Is a Mental Health Issue. Does someone who is mentally healthy commit unprovoked, premeditated murder? This type of overwhelming, all-consuming hatred cannot exist within an emotionally healthy human being.
Death Penalty Foe Allegedly Brings Meat Cleaver To Tsarnaev Sentencing. 
REPORT. 
Report. 
Man Reportedly Dies Shielding Mother From Gunfire. 
Sex Offender Freed Because Of Paperwork Mistake. 
Prison Officer Suspended In Connection With Escaped Killers. 
What It's Like To Spend Father's Day In Prison. 
Racist Manifesto Purportedly Written By Dylann Roof Surfaces Online. 
Accused Charleston Shooter Talked About Attacking College. 
Escaped Inmates Seen Near Pennsylvania Border, New York State Police Say. 
Officer Kills Allegedly Armed Suspect In Boston. 
Church Shooting Victim's Last Snapchat Included Shooter. 
Police Release Photos Of Charleston Church Shooting Suspect. 
Prisons Without Walls. \Free worlders\ is prison slang for those who are not incarcerated behind prison walls. Supposedly, those fortunate souls live in the \free world.\ However, appearances can be deceiving.
The Humanity of the Guilty. In my work as an advocate and writer, I've encountered countless men and women who are incarcerated for crimes they did not commit. There is a particular tragedy to these cases.
Former NFL Cheerleader Guilty Of Raping 15-Year-Old Boy. 
What to Watch for in the FIFA Case, Part 3. The announcements that several defendants in the FIFA case have pled guilty and are cooperating with the government signaled that this case will showcase one of the most controversial aspects of the American justice system.
Woman Who Killed Friend Over Political Dispute Learns Her Fate. 
Prison Worker Accused Of Helping Killers Escape In Court. 
Cop Who Shot Flagpole-Wielding Attacker Appears Justified, Chief Says. 
Man Fatally Shot Ice Cream Truck Driver In Front Of Children, Police Say. 
Several Injured By Accidental Gunfire At Waldorf Astoria Wedding Party. 
Dallas Shooting Suspect Confirmed Dead. 
Dallas Shooting Suspect Confirmed Dead. 
Officer Who Shot Tamir Rice. 
Barber Who Slashed Customer's Throat Heads To Prison. 
Man Accused Of Killing NYPD Officer Pleads Not Guilty. 
Judge Finds Probable Cause To Charge Cop Who Killed Tamir Rice With Murder. 
4-Year-Old Driving Car Runs Over Toddler At Day Care. 
Bus Driver Who Killed 3 While Texting Was 'As Childish As The Children He Was Transporting'. 
Missouri Inmate Executed Despite Last-Minute Pleas For Clemency. 
Even Anti-Choice Advocates Doubtful Of Murder Charge In Abortion Pill Case. 
Amtrak Engineer Was Not Using Cell Phone During Philadelphia Crash. 
Bounce House Blows Away, Killing 3-Year-Old Girl In China (Graphic Video). 
Prison Reform in Maine State Prison. Political leaders like President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Rand Paul have been speaking in a unified voice on the need for prison reform. But prison and sentencing reform will require more than talk.
Teen Who Filmed Texas Pool Party Cop. 
If I Could Talk to Kalief Browder. The news of your death is heartbreaking. It has stirred my soul and inspired me to action. It is soul stirring because I refuse to let your death be in vain. I cannot, shall not and will not allow your story to go quietly away.
Court Temporarily Blocks Release Of 'Angola 3' Inmate. 
Video Sparks Investigation Into California Cops Who Beat Suspect. 
Manhunt Underway For 2 Murderers Who Escaped NY Prison. 
Report. 
Report. 
Sharp-Eyed California Bus Driver Saves Boy Kidnapped From Library. 
Farmer's Wife Accused Of Murder After Body Found In Pile Of Manure. 
Death Of College Student Who Died In Custody Ruled Homicide. 
Missing Alaska Family Died In Murder-Suicide. 
Corrupt Execs, Corporate Accountability and Human Rights. The potential that Nike may not face charges connected with the recent FIFA scandal would be all too consistent with the trend of corporations getting away with criminal activity, with hugely detrimental effects for the protection of human rights.
How One California City Pays Its Most Violent Offenders To Stay Out Of Trouble. 
5 Ways the IRS Scammers Could Have Stolen All Those Tax Returns. Whether data compromises give rise to breaking news stories or pounding headaches, anything less than a zero-tolerance attitude toward identity-related crimes won't get us to the place we need to be.
Jail Riot Sparks At Least One Stabbing. 
Cop Allegedly Swipes Dead Man's Credit Card To Buy Diamond Ring. 
Boston Men Involved In Terror Probe Allegedly Planned To Behead Cop. 
When Mothers Kill. While it's no surprise some women can behave as badly as men, when a woman is found guilty of a dreadful crime, it's easier for society to accept it by saying, \Well, she must be crazy,\ -- even if the woman is found to be perfectly sane.
Innocent Bystanders. No attorney who is just a year out of law school should be representing someone when their life is at stake. Everyone should be entitled to effective counsel. My innocence could have been proven from day one if I'd had effective counsel at trial.
CEO Offers Hope to Formerly Incarcerated. Some may find it strange that the CEO of a publicly traded company would speak with a man who served 26 years in federal prison. But Lew Cirne, founder and Chief Executive Officer of New Relic, took time out of a busy Friday to meet with me in his office.
Let's Get Real. Targeting corruption in prison education programs without targeting it elsewhere only serves to limit options for an already-disadvantaged population without solving any wider problems.
Elizabeth Smart Gave Birth To Baby Girl, Father Says. 
Prosecutor Faults Judge After Cop Acquitted In Death Of 2 Unarmed Suspects. 
Prospects Improve For Pit Bull Whose Mouth Was Taped Shut. 
Teacher Allegedly Shares Nude Photos Of Her Boob Job With Students. 
Catholic Priest Convicted Of Sexually Assaulting Woman On Plane. 
Mom Gets 18 Years For Poisoning Son Who Had Autism. 
Watch A Self-Described 'Despicable' Pet-Care Company Owner Kick Dog In Elevator. 
Depraved Hearts?. Once upon a time police, they said, were a child's best friend; the friendly cop on the corner with the big belly and the funny hat patted lost kids on the head and returned them to their mammas. Of course that was true -- a gazillion picture books said so.
Want to Know How to Recruit a Terrorist? Just Ask a Gangster . . .. In efforts to limit the radicalization of American youth by ISIS, it is wise to employ strategies that have been most effective in combating the recruitment of young people by domestic criminal street gangs.
Stepmom Says Teen Charged With Father's Murder 'Always Wanted To Kill' Him. 
Accused 'Kayak Killer' Pushed Paddle Away From Drowning Fiance. 
Body Found Near Where Kayaker Went Missing. 
Cop Shot Dead In His Patrol Car. 
Courthouse Evacuated After Armed Man Reported. 
Man Accused Of Keeping Woman In Crate Killed By Cops. 
Judge Dismisses Domestic Violence Charges Against Ray Rice; Now What?. It's important that we continue discussing domestic violence, but it's also important that we take action to ensure victims get the justice they deserve and abusers get the help they need.
Real Criminal Justice Reform Requires Listening to Those Most Commonly Impacted by Crime. Growing political unity on the Left and Right on the need for criminal justice reform is an important development. But if bipartisanship fails to incorporate the experiences and voices of those previously ignored, it won't lead to the breakthrough we need.
Hyper-Masculinity, Twin Peaks, & Gendered Violence. While is it common knowledge that dogs, in particular male dogs, urine scent mark their territories, human males often mark their territories in other forms more noxious and poisonous than urine.
Elderly Woman Fires At Police Robot In Hours-Long Stand-Off. 
New Video Evidence Emerges In Waco Biker Shooting. 
5 Identity Theft Facts That Will Terrify You. Identity theft was the number one consumer complaint at the Federal Trade Commission last year. So far in 2015, the data breach problem that drives so many identity-related crimes has gotten worse. The massive compromises at Anthem and Premera alone put a combined 91 million records in harm's way.
Woman 'Devastated' By Charge She Killed Fiance While Kayaking. 
Waco Biker Gang Members Surrender After Release On Low Bond. 
Cops Want Bikers Off Streets After Waco Shooting. 
State Sanctioned Murder. We slaughter the innocent and guilty alike in the United States. As parents, we teach our children that killing is wrong then send them off to war and celebrate when an alleged criminal is put to death.
A Famous Hacker On What It Is Like Being Pursued by the FBI. I surrendered to the U.S. Marshals Service after a week of constructively avoiding the FBI while I negotiated (through my attorney mostly, though at times in joint conference calls) with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.
UPDATE. 
Multiple Deaths Reported In Biker Gang Shootout In Texas. 
Why Tsarnaev May Never Make It To The Death Chamber. 
The Man Who Shot At George Zimmerman Has Been Released On Bond. 
Understanding Criminogenic Behavior Among Juveniles. The extent, nature and consequences of drug use in criminal behavior are well known and well documented in the literature.
Family Wants Officer Recognized As Boston Marathon Bombers' 5th Victim. 
Holmes' Lawyers Object To Testimony That's Too 'Upsetting'. 
3 Suspects Arrested In Fatal Shooting Of 2 Cops. 
Mississippi Police Officers Shot And Killed, Suspect Steals Patrol Car. 
Cop Caught On Video Attacking Bystanders Charged With Civil Rights Violations (GRAPHIC). 
Colorado Mom Sentenced For Beating Wrongly Accused Man To Death. 
Dad Admits Killing Family On Facebook. 
Thousands Gather To Mourn At Slain NYPD Officer's Funeral. 
In a Cop Culture, the Bill of Rights Doesn't Amount to Much. If you want a recipe for disaster, this is it
Sheriff Charged In Real Estate Agent's Shooting Was 'Practicing Police Tactics'. 
Millions In Cocaine Delivered To German Grocery Stores, Plus Bananas. 
Prison Escapee Caught In Florida After 56 Years On The Run. 
Man Who Allegedly Shot NYPD Cop In Face Charged With Attempted Murder. 
Teacher. 
Exclusive Look Inside The Baltimore Police Investigation Into Freddie Gray's Death. 
Carjacker Gets 80 Years For Wild Crime Spree Caught On Live TV. 
Fire Captain Charged In Cold-Case Murders Of Ex-Wife, Mom, Friend. 
Insane Or Evil? Trial Fills In Details Of Colorado Movie Gunman. 
NYPD Sergeant Shot In The Face While On Duty In Queens. 
Arizona 2-Year-Old 'Lucky To Be Alive' After Shooting Himself In Face. 
Father-Son Duo Accused Of Stealing $72,000 In Health And Beauty Aids. 
Officers Injured As Seattle Protests Turn Violent. 
Police Van Passenger Denies Freddie Gray Hurt Himself. 
Prisoner In Van Said Freddie Gray Was \u2018Banging Against The Walls' During Ride. 
Son Of 'Mother Of The Year' Explains His Scolding During Baltimore Riots. 
Killing Tsarnaev Part Two. On some social media pages a parallel world exists, where Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is viewed as innocent, not guilty; A parallel world where Tsarnaev has achieved near rock star fame
McDonald's Employee Knocks Rowdy Customer Unconscious On Camera. 
What's Happening In Baltimore Didn't Just Start With Freddie Gray. 
Army Soldier's Lover Allegedly Stabbed His Wife To Death. 
Police Throw Rocks Back At Protesters In Baltimore. 
Hero Teacher Stops High School Shooter In Washington State. 
Mom Turns In Son After Recognizing Photos In Brutal Sex Assault. 
Plainclothes New York City Police Detectives Shoot And Kill Suspected Robber In Manhattan. 
Where Tsarnaev Relatives Go In Boston, Media Will Follow. 
Police Find Body Of Missing Indiana University Student. 
The 45-minute Mystery Of Freddie Gray's Death. 
Jail Bans Use Of Tasers After Shackled Woman's Controversial Death. 
Tragic. 
An Open Letter to Seth Rogen. At 81 years of age and the Founder of The Fortune Society, I was the old man in the room. The legal status of marijuana was of minor interest to me. Keeping these young people out of jail and prison was my major goal.
When You're the Witness With the Secret Video. If you find yourself in the challenging position of having made such a recording, whatever you do, don't go it alone.  Ideally, find that lawyer or advocate you can trust.  If that is not realistic, find a person who recognizes that you will deliver the video, but who has your best interests at heart.
Dallas County To Start Confiscating Guns From Domestic Abusers. 
Police Recover Body Of ESPN Writer's Missing Son. 
FBI Unit Gave Flawed Testimony Against Defendants In Almost All Trials Before 2000. 
Drive-By Shooters Open Fire On Car, Killing Toddler. 
Training Records Released For Tulsa Reserve Deputy Who Shot Unarmed Man. 
Survivors Gather In Solidarity At Oklahoma City Bombing's 20th Anniversary. 
Boston Marathon Bombing Jury To Decide Life Or Death For Tsarnaev. 
Killer High On Crack Gets 100 Years For Strangling Teacher. 
Man Carrying Knife And Bible Fatally Shot By St. Louis County Police. 
Should the Police Be Armed?. The cellphone video \reality footage\ just doesn't stop. Black men are shot, killed, handcuffed. The shortcomings of their prematurely terminated lives soon become public knowledge, vaguely justifying the shocking wrongness of the officer's action -- always poisoning the grief.
Mercy Over Vengeance for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. We are Boston Strong in our resolve to remain united in the face of tragedy. We are Boston Strong in our ability to show mercy amid our grief. We are Boston Strong in our belief that in the midst of tragedy, we may now truly begin the healing process.
'Belly Rub' The Cat Shot By Neighbor Out Of Fear Of Fleas. 
Aaron Hernandez, Ex-Patriots Star, Convicted Of Murder. 
25 Years To Life For Man Who Killed Family In Crash. 
Cop Who 'Loves Playing With Dead Bodies' Tickled Deceased Suspect. 
Suspect Arrested In Deadly College Shooting. 
Educator Cuts Deal In Teacher Cheating Scandal. 
1 Dead In Accident At Disney World Racing Attraction. 
Wrongfully Convicted Man Reflects On 30 Years Behind Bars. 
Cop In Walter Scott Shooting Reportedly Heard Laughing Afterward. 
Thousands Of Fatal Shootings By Police. Only 54 Officers Charged.. 
Video Released Of Deputy Accidentally Shooting Suspect He Meant To Taser. 
Mentally Ill Inmate In Taser Death Was Fully Restrained. 
Men Cleared Of Murder After Decades In Prison To Get $1.6 Million. 
Remains Identified As Missing Virginia Teen. 
Sheriff Suspends 10 Officers Over Beating Of Man On Horse. 
Texas Executes First Inmate With New Batch Of Drugs. 
NYPD Detective Caught On Video Allegedly Stealing Money During Raid. 
RAW VIDEO. 
CAUGHT ON CAMERA. 
Demographics Of Murder Suspect's Police Department Tell Familiar Story. 
Tsarnaev Convicted Of Boston Marathon Bombing. 
Forgiving Bad, Old Men. In this way those of us who bump up against the challenge of all-out forgiveness could learn to let go while leaving those proponents of pain mentally behind. And maybe then we can forget, and, therefore, forgive; not exactly a proof-back guarantee that a future generation will escape the memories of trauma, but close.
Defense Looking For Jury's Decision In Boston Bombing Case. 
Teen Attacks Paramedic Who Stopped Ambulance Sex Session. 
Death Penalty Sought For Man Accused Of Killing 6 In Fire. 
Can You Fight Off a Police Dog?. I was a police canine handler for 8 years. My dog Bach was as gentle as a puppy unless he was provoked or he detected a threat against me. I had absolutely no problem bringing him into preschools and letting the children pet him and play with him. He was a part of our family, and with 4 sons, the house was always full of kids.
Judge Gives Teacher Who Had Sex With Student 30 Days, Calls Her 'Dangling Candy'. 
Escaped Killer Captured. 
Man Exonerated After 30 Years On Death Row. 
Texas Prisoners Still Face Deadly Heat. 
Ex-Death Row Prosecutor. \I think the death penalty itself should be killed. The whole system is fatally flawed.\
Phony Service Dogs. Nothing drives me crazier than people with phony service dogs. I can't count the times I have been at a well-attended event to find a cute Pekinese decked out in a tiny service dog vest. This \service dog\ spends most of the evening barking and nipping at heels when he is placed on the floor.
Uber Driver Alllegedly Tried Burglarizing Passenger After Drop-Off. 
Teen Found In Suitcase Died From Overdose, Coroner Says. 
Criminal Justice - There's an App for That. The promise of a second impression is to simplify the job search for people with records and to leverage consumer power to either support progressive employers or put pressure on employers who fail to adopt more progressive hiring policies.
Bodies Recovered At Scene Of New York City Building Explosion. 
Man Missing After Explosion Was Saving Up To Return To Home Country. 
Good News For Officer Shot In Face During Stop. 
Los Angeles Train Hits Car On Tracks And Derails, 21 Hurt. 
New York City's East Village Smolders Morning After Building Explosion (PHOTOS). 
Alabama Officer Indicted For Allegedly Slamming Indian Man To The Ground. 
Bank Customer Holds Would-Be Bank Robber At Gunpoint. 
Lessons of Ferguson. Stats should never be an \outcome\. The only measure of police success should be the absence of crime in a community and the ability to work with the community to achieve that goal. Period.
Children's Bodies Found In Freezer, Mother Arrested. 
Father Accused Of Blowing Pot Smoke In Infant's Mouth. 
Driver Arrested For Allegedly Injuring Policeman While Having Seizure. 
Father Drowned Family In Murder-Suicide, Police Say. 
The Call For A National Crime And Justice Task Force. The creation of the National Crime and Justice Task Force will be a step in the right direction to ensure that the United States government does more to protect human  rights nationwide and ensures that policing policies are in line with international human rights standards.
Man Jailed for Swearing During 911 Call. Although Green v. Chitwood seems at first glance trivial, it is both the backstory and the vague terms used in statute that make Green's arrest so outrageous and egregious.
Police Raid Pot Club Of Reporter Who Quit Her Job On TV. 
Domestic Murder and Murder-Suicide. By relying solely on non-experts as sources of information, the media wittingly or unwittingly reinforces misconceptions about domestic homicides. Domestic homicides sometimes provide experts with the opportunity to call attention to the underlying realities -- but only when the media thinks to call us.
Florida Cops. 
'8 On 8' Brawl Ends In Officer Shot, Suspect Killed. 
Body Found In Barrel Near City Hall. 
HUGE Amount Of Cocaine Seized By U.S.. 
Mom Allegedly Murders Her Children, Stands Outside With A Knife. 
Man  Admits To Hit-And-Run That Killed 3 13-Year-Olds. 
Thousands Of Crime Victims Get Worrying Notices About Perpetrators. 
Alleged New Orleans Airport Attacker Dies In Hospital. 
Documents. 
Mom Who Hit 3 Teens With Car Was Filming Baby While Driving. 
Dad Who Poisoned Children's Pizza Sentenced. 
Was A 9-Year-Old Girl Forced To Run To Death Or Was It An Accident?. 
The Slender Man Stabbings. Twelve-year-old girls are not adults.  They are children.  But, somehow, with a stroke of a pen, two pre-pubescent tweens -- who can't vote, drive, or serve in the military -- have been transformed into adults for purposes of criminal punishment. But those adults don't exist.  Anywhere. Except on paper in a courtroom.
Man's 'World Destroyed' After Cop Kills Burberry The Service Dog. 
Will Tsarnaev Testify In Own Defense At Marathon Bombing Trial?. 
Real Estate Tycoon Arrested Ahead Of Explosive HBO Doc Finale. 
5 Teens Charged In Attack On Girl At Brooklyn McDonald's. 
Tugboat Sinks Near Long Island, Killing 1 Crew Member. 
BOMB TRIAL VIDEO. 
Teacher Who Survives Impalement By Trailer Hitch Waits 6 Hours For Help. 
Teacher Smoked Pot With Students, Sent Them Nude Photos. 
Ferguson Activists Press Ahead, Undeterred By Latest Shooting. 
Dozens Of Leads, No Arrests In Ferguson Police Shooting. 
Sandy Hook Families Want Money From Insurance Of Gunman's Mom. 
Woman Survives Setting Herself On Fire, Jumping Off Bridge. 
Teen Pleads Not Guilty To Kidnapping Caught On Video. 
Edits To Wikipedia Pages On Cop Killings Traced To NYPD Headquarters. 
Everybody Deserves a Second Chance, Right?. What this boils down to is second chances.  New starts.  Fair shots.  Sounds very American to me.  As a criminal defense attorney who has represented many individuals charged with criminal acts, I have seen first-hand those clients who have a lot to offer society, but are shut out because of an isolated mistake.
Prosecution Focuses On Etan Patz Murder Suspect's Drug Use. 
Grisly Details Emerge In Case Of Teen Accused Of Killing Parents. 
Possibility of Escape. I'm here among women, some of whom, I've been told, are supposed to be \hardened criminals.\ Fellow activists incarcerated in men's prisons likewise concur that the system is futile, merciless and wrongheaded. Our jailers, I'm convinced, can see this.
My Civic Duty. Jury duty is completely inconvenient. Trials can get tedious. There is a lot of waiting around in empty hallways. Yet, the next time I receive a jury notice in the mail, I won't try to get out of it.
Toddler Rescued From Car 14 Hours After Plunge Into Utah River. 
Man Robbed Own Grandmother, Forced Her To Drink Alcohol. 
California Border Patrol Supervisor Arrested Over Bathroom Camera. 
11-Year-Old Playing With Gun Charged In Homicide. 
Eight Hurt When Roof Collapses During Early St. Patrick's Day Party In California. 
Protesters March In Wisconsin After Unarmed Black Man Shot Dead By Police. 
Protests After Wisconsin Police Fatally Shoot Black 19-Year-Old. 
Iraqi Immigrant Taking Pictures Of His First Snowfall Shot Dead. 
UNC Victim's Former Roommate Recalls Threats Before Fatal Shooting. 
Jodi Arias Jury Unable To Reach Unanimous Decision. 
Group Wants Special Prosecutor In Police Killing Of Farmworker. 
Video Shows Terrifying Moment When Bus Crashes Into 8 Cars. 
Firefighter Arrested After Allegedly Killing Dogs, Posting Photo On Facebook. 
Dog Shot And Tied To Railroad Tracks Needs Help. 
Wildeman Tried To Kill Pregnant Girlfriend With Car. 
Teachers Accused Of Sex With Students Hit With Even More Charges. 
Feds Raid Alleged 'Maternity Tourism' Hotels That Help Pregnant Foreign Women Give Birth In U.S.. 
'The Innocence..Is Gone'. 
Sex Offender Registries Are Not Really Keeping Your Children Safe. The problem is that the politicians aren't advocating evidence-based approaches, and the advocates aren't focusing on the fact that more than 95 percent of offenders on a registry are not going to reoffend with a sex offense.
Criminal Justice System Disenfranchises Former Convicts Looking For Work. 
Man Who Believes He Is A 'Werewolf' Who Killed A 'Vampire' Found Guilty Of Murder. 
15 Tons Of Marijuana Seized At California Border. 
Pasco Police Shot Mexican Migrant From Behind, New Autopsy Shows. 
Texas Serial Shooter 'Won't Stop'. 
Maraschino Cherry Factory Owner Fatally Shoots Self During Drug Raid. 
Ex-Pro Boxer Killed 18-Month Old Baby And Her Mother, Cops Say. 
Marijuana Laws by State. Marijuana has been an illegal drug for less than 1/10th of one percent of the total time it has been used by humans. The pendulum - and common sense - appear to be swinging in the other direction after decades of idiocy. But who knows precisely what will happen if a cop pulls you over and busts you for possession.
Man Accused Of Robbing Girl Scouts To Feed His Heroin Habit. 
Warning. Nothing's changed at the local level. Look at this past week's story from Pasco, Washington. A troubled man was gunned down for throwing rocks at police. Rocks. When will it end?
Hundreds Of Inmates Relocated After Texas Prison Uprising. 
Officials Investigate Suspicious Death Of Inmate. 
Teen Behind Laser Cat Yearbook Photo Dies. 
3-Year-Old Boy Found Frozen To Death, Locked Outside In Diaper. 
Just Vengeance. In late January of last year, the U.S. Department of Justice announced that it would be seeking the Death Penalty in the case against Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Many were outraged.
Man Accused Of Killing Girlfriend On Hike Wanted Insurance Money. 
Maui Football Coach Arrested For Allegedly Sexting Student. 
Man Allegedly Kills 4 Puppies Belonging To Former Girlfriend. 
Two West Virginia Towns Evacuated After Oil Train Explodes In Fiery Derailment. 
WATCH. 
Craig Hicks Indicted. 
Woman Found Frozen To Death After Meeting Neighbor For Drinks. 
Arson Suspected In Islamic Center Fire. 
Mom Of Four Killed In Road Rage Incident. 
Police Beating Led To Miscarriage. 
Coroner To Investigate Police Killing Of Rock Thrower. 
Suspect Arrested In New Orleans Mardi Gras Shooting. 
Honolulu Police Officer Indicted On Charges Of Assault, Theft, Property Damage. 
Pennsylvania Man Found Guilty Of Murder In Slaying Of Couple. 
Man Who Killed Exchange Student Sentenced. 
FBI Opens Investigation As Chapel Hill Victims Are Mourned. 
NYPD Weighs Allowing Chokeholds Following Eric Garner Death. 
Police. 
Man Jailed 6 Months Despite Alibi Showing Him Nowhere Near Murder. 
Deputies Kill Woman By Tasering Her In Custody. 
The Next Top Prosecutor and White Collar Crime. The criminal law punishes and deters.  It is also supposed to implement society's moral values.  One is that justice is blind
Football Players Charged With Attempted Rape Of Special-Education Student. 
Murdered Teen's Body Appears In Alleged Killer's Selfie. 
Hero Train Engineer Helped 7 Passengers Escape Deadly Train Crash. 
HIGH & BEHIND THE WHEEL? Drug Use Up Among Drivers. 
Notorious Drug Smuggler To Be Released From Prison. 
Elementary School Teacher Accused In Rape Of Former Student. 
Man Who Shot Barber While He Cut Hair Sentenced To Life In Prison. 
Texas Jury Selection Begins In 'American Sniper' Murder Trial. 
First Degree Murder and Two Degress of Separation Make a 360 Degree Connection. Although I don't make routine stops to read every story that pops up on my screen, for some reason that day, I did.
Etan Patz Trial Focuses On Day Boy Vanished. 
This Man Faces Life in Prison for ... Rapping. I've heard free speech isn't free, and Brandon Duncan, who raps as Tiny Doo, has learned that the hard way.
Bringing Human Trafficking to Justice. Human traffickers target vulnerable members of our society, cruelly exploiting them for forced labor or commercial sex, depriving them of their rights and dignity, and using intimidation and fear to hold them in servitude right here in the land of the free.
Photos Show 'Person Of Interest' Linked To Body Parts In Suitcase. 
Son Of Cliven Bundy Arrested After Alleged Confrontation With Cops. 
Human Remains Found In Suitcase Left On San Francisco Sidewalk. 
St. Louis City Hall Meeting Interrupted By Brawl. 
Death Penalty Opponents Make Last-Minute Plea To Save Richard Glossip's Life. 
Mr. Incredible Convicted Of Attacking Batgirl On Hollywood Boulevard. 
Text From Missing Teen's Phone. 
'Super Drunk' Cop Takes Plea Deal. 
2 Dead In NYC Home Depot Shooting. 
Fleeing Kidnapping Suspect Identified. 
Prosecution Can't Prove Woman Didn't Want To Be Set On Fire, Lawyer Says. 
Puppy-Kicking CEO Charged In Elevator Incident (GRAPHIC VIDEO). 
1-Month-Old's Face Mauled By Ferrets In Philadelphia Home. 
Son Possibly Made Withdrawal With Dead Mom. 
In Gal\u00e1pagos, a Case of Suicide or Murder?. Was it suicide or murder? The Ecuadorian government, hoping to answer that question, says it is reopening the case of the death of underwater filmmaker Valerie de la Valdene, whose body was found July 5, 2014 in her home on Santa Cruz island in the Gal\u00e1pagos.
Woman Who Had Sex With Boys Said \Age Is Just A Number'. 
Boston Marathon Bombing Trial Delayed By Jury Selection. 
Police Launch Investigation After Video Appears To Show Cop Shoving Man In Wheelchair Into Street. 
Lawsuit Alleges Officers In Birmingham Schools Sprayed Hundreds Of Students With Chemicals. 
Don't Rush the Marijuana Breathalyzer Into \Zero Tolerance\ States. As a criminal defense lawyer, I've handled a few DUI cases in my time. Still, the last thing I want is to share the road with an impaired driver. DUI defense isn't about supporting drunk or drugged driving; it's about making sure the legal system runs correctly.
What We've Lost Since Ethan Saylor's Death. During these last two years, #JusticeForEthan has evolved from the demand for answers regarding one man's death to the rallying cry focused on the need for change. Despite all that has been lost -- and it is far too much -- there is now a spotlight on where changes need to come.
PBA President Patrick Lynch Faces Leadership Challenge From Unhappy Cops. 
Driver Sandwiched By 2 Semi-Trucks Describes Horrifying Crash. 
Machete-Wielding Suspect Shot As He Breaks Through Door In GRAPHIC VIDEO. 
Gamer Dies After 3-Day Binge At Internet Cafe. 
LAPD Officer Who Killed Ezell Ford Had Arrested Him 6 Years Before. 
Cop Shoots Woman's Dog, City Refuses To Pay Vet Bills. 
Casino Shooter Found Dead After Targeting 2 Police Officers. 
DNA, Informant Help Crack 1984 Cold Case Murder. 
The Suprising Thing People Facing Federal Criminal Charges Learn. Basically two things happen in court -- people try to get someone else's money or the government tries to get someone's freedom. People taken to court are either at risk of losing cash or going to prison.
2 Dead, 2 In Custody, 2 On The Run. 
Boy Driven Away In Stolen Car Gets Rescued After He Picks Up Phone. 
Is Judge Shopping a Crime? Should It Be?. For a justice system clamoring for greater transparency and fair play, it seems SDNY's actions do not always align with their expectations for others. Judge shopping is indeed \unsavory.\ Is it a crime?
Mom Sentenced For Encouraging Boyfriend's Sex Assault On Baby. 
Deadly Shooting Spree Suspect Arrested. 
In City's Poor Neighborhoods, People Wonder Where Cops Are. 
Video Of Baby With Handgun In Mouth Leads To Couples' Arrest. 
Teacher Already Accused Of Sex Assault Re-Arrested. 
Paris Shooting Cases Demonstrate Spy Agencies' Limits. 
Judge Denies Gag Order In Rape Trial Of Hannah Graham Suspect. 
Four Men Shot Dead In Car. 
Cop Shoots Other Cop During Bust. 
19-Year-Old Sentenced For Beating Homeless Man To Death In Drunken Rage. 
Commissioner Bratton Confirms NYPD Slowdown. 
Police Chief Tries To Mend Fences After Killing Of Unarmed Man. 
7 Injured When Albuquerque Bus Crashes Through Woman's Home. 
6 Scary Stories That Will Make You Rethink The Black Hole That Is The Internet. 
NYPD Union Leader Lashes Out At Mayor Again. 
NYPD Arrests Down For Second Week. 
Pregnant Florida Mom Beats Son, Kills Puppy. 
Off-Duty NYPD Cop Turns Himself In After Allegedly Assaulting Subway Worker. 
Florida Man Allegedly Decapitates Mother For 'Nagging' Him About Chores. 
Day Of Reckoning Nears For Accused Boston Marathon Bomber. 
Some Officers Again Protest Mayor At Slain Cop's Funeral. 
The Man Who Murdered Two Officers, Then Himself. 
Man Beaten To Bloody Pulp After Allegedly Raping Nephew's Girlfriend. 
1-Year-Old Child Fatally Stabbed In California Knife Attack. 
Woman Alleges She Was Forced Into Sex With Prince Andrew As A Minor. 
Father-Son Crime Duo Murders Couple, Shoots Cops In West Virginia. 
911 Call. 
Death Of Mentally Ill Woman In Police Custody Ruled A Homicide. 
Another Arrest In Brooklyn Bridge Attack On Cop During Protest. 
Maryland Governor Commutes Sentences For Remaining Death Row Inmates. 
Missing Maryland Toddler's Body Found In Ohio Creek. 
Judge Rejects Requests To Postpone Boston Bombing Trial. 
Murders In New York City Hit Record Low. 
New Year's Eve Fire Kills 3 In New York City. 
Police Chief Says He Shot His Wife Accidentally (UPDATE). 
Opium Soap, Meth-Filled Cheese. 
2015 Is Off To A Violent Start. 
Another Anti-De Blasio Banner Flies Above New York City. 
Teen Accused Of Threatening Police On Twitter. 
Couple Charged With First-Degree Murder In Infant's Starvation Death. 
The Real Prejudice Behind the Garner/Brown Decisions. While media coverage has focused on the growing discontent over race/police relations in this country, the decisions also shed an important light on the prejudice inherent in this country's grand jury proceedings. I'm speaking from a procedural perspective.
Courtspeak. Good trial lawyers understand the power of word distinction -- particularly in communicating with a jury -- and recognize that the legal system is a living, breathing creature that is held together by language.
Police Officer, Girlfriend Beaten And Robbed In Hit-And-Run. 
Flagstaff Police Officer, Suspect Dead After Shooting. 
Blind Judge Makes History, Joins Michigan's Supreme Court. 
Thousands Mourn At NYPD Cop's Funeral. 
5 Stabbed In Popular D.C. Restaurant. 
Rocks Thrown At Police After Killing Allegedly Armed Man. 
Brothers Arrested For Child Porn Fantasized About Killing. 
WATCH. 
Married 'Cheer Mom' Had Sex With Daughter's Teen Classmate. 
Berkeley Mayor. 
6 New Yorkers Now Arrested For Threatening Cops After Officers Killed. 
Christmas Eve Shooting Kills 1 At Louisiana Mall. 
The NYC Police Union Has A Long History Of Bullying City Hall. 
Police Chief Calls Shooting Of Black Teen By White Cop A 'Tragedy'. 
Police Officer Who Killed Black Teen In Missouri Had Been Issued Body Camera, Wasn't Using It. 
A Blueprint for Local Police Reform to Improve Legitimacy. While we certainly don't have all the answers, it's time to start talking about and funding constructive ways to reform policing to quell anger by improving legitimacy and community relations.
New York City Mayor Calls For Pause In Protests After Police Killings. 
NYPD Union Has Attacked Every Mayor In Recent History. 
Cop Killer Had Violent Criminal History, 'Estranged Relationship' With Family. 
After Deadly Disputes, Policing Can Never Be the Same. If you don't realize that a new day has dawned in law enforcement -- a day where a growing number of citizens automatically mistrust cops -- you might want to get back out on the street and walk a beat for a day or two.
Feds Deny NYPD Cop Killer Had Ties To Black Guerilla Family Prison Gang. 
'Not Our Vision Of Justice'. 
Forensic Science Is Not CSI, in Ferguson or Anywhere Else. None of this is to say that we need to toss all the evidence out and start at square one. Nor am I saying that the evidence supporting Wilson's account is totally false. My point is that everyone must realize that forensic science is not absolute like on television.
Missing Teen's Father. 
Deputy Investigated After Girlfriend Shoots Herself With His Gun. 
\Stand Your Ground' Defense Fails. 
Mother Accused Of Scalding Toddler With Boiling Water, Pouring Bleach In Her Eyes. 
786 CHILDREN DEAD. 
13-Year Old Vanishes After Cliff Jumping In Hawaii. 
Suspect In Pennsylvania Shooting Rampage Found Dead (UPDATE). 
Arias Trial Testimony Resumes After Weeklong Break. 
Philippine Government Seeks Custody Of US Marine In Transgender Woman's Death. 
9 Terrifying American Murder Houses. 
9 Terrifying American Murder Houses. 
'It Doesn't Matter Where You're At -- People Have Guns Everywhere'. 
Pearl Harbor Contractors Killed By Falling Buoy. 
Police Union Doesn't Want Mayor At Cop Funerals. 
Suspect In Oregon School Shooting Arrested. 
Fearing Father's Fury For Skipping School, Teen Kills Him With Crossbow. 
Woman Wins $100,000 Lawsuit After Cops Arrested Her For Swearing. 
What Will the Brooklyn District Attorney Do to Achieve Justice for Akai Gurley?. As of January, Brooklyn has a new district attorney, Kenneth Thompson. After Michael Brown and now Eric Garner, how will Thompson handle the wrongful-death case of Akai Gurley? Like his predecessor, will he convene a grand jury? Or will he charge the police officer? Pass the case to federal prosecutors?
Anything But Florissant. How many have caught the irony in the word Florissant (\flourishing\ or \flowering\) in the strip of shops on West Florissant Avenue in Ferguson, Missouri, that were trashed and looted on the night of November 24 after a grand jury declined to indict white police officer Darren Wilson?
Plane Crashes Into Maryland Home, Kills 3. 
Here's How You Can Honor The Newtown Victims. 
Minister Allegedly Bloodied By Police In Berkeley. 
6 Dead After Plane Crashes Into Maryland House. 
In the Wake of Garner, A Plea for Hope. We can talk all we want about provocation and perception. About chokeholds and grand juries. About the militarization of the police. But I want to talk about hopelessness. The criminal justice system is broken, and broken in a way that has harmed communities of color much more than other communities.
Fla. Man Accused In Killing Of Wife, Friend, Pastor. 
Friend Denies Phoenix Police Account Of How White Cop Killed Black Man. 
Cops. 
4 People Stabbed On Amtrak Train In Michigan. 
I Won't Be Coming Home for Christmas. While it doesn't even come close to mom's egg and sausage Christmas brunch, I try to pick up a few seasonal items in my prison's commissary. Is it depressing?  Yes.  Does it hurt? Yes. But it is all that I have.
Seattle Cop Won't Face Charges For Seriously Injuring Handcuffed Woman. 
How to Prevent Pre-Trial Publicity From Contaminating Fair Trials. When police are permitted casually to release incriminating information to the press, we may enjoy the gossip, but we cannot responsibly claim we treat defendants fairly.
Taxpayer Costs For Arias' Defense Top $2.7 Million. 
Man Loses Job, House, Reputation After Police Wrongly Charge Him With Child Rape. 
Ferguson Protesters Met With Racist Opposition. 
Cops Kick Homeless Out Of Largest Encampment In Country. 
College Gymnast Found Dead In Dumbwaiter. 
America's Children. It's getting harder by the day to tell young people that we live in a nation that values freedom and which is governed by the rule of law without feeling like a teller of tall tales.
Police In Texas Kill Bat-Wielding Robbery Suspect Outside Head Shop. 
Darren Wilson Being Guarded By Off-Duty Cops. 
Pennsylvania State Police Seek Help Locating Missing Man (UPDATED). 
Man Attacks Pregnant Wife With McChicken Sandwich. 
Female NYPD Officers May Face Discipline Over Instagram Photos. 
Don't Turn Your Back on Disorder. As the police profession and our greater society deal with ways to rebuild (and in many cases build) relationships between the police and its citizenry, I fear that if outsider reformers call for police to ignore disorderly offenses the chasm between the police and the community will only widen.
'How David Beats Goliath'. If you don't have experience in the arena of contingent-fee law firms, then you may wonder exactly how they make money if they happen to lose a case. The answer is that they don't. There is no catch with contingent-fee law firms. If they lose the case, they don't get paid.
Man Thinks He's Being Put To Death For Preaching Gospel. 
Baby's Body Found Buried In Sand. 
WATCH. 
Woman Shot By Former Boyfriend At Chicago Nordstrom Store Dies. 
Off-Duty Cop Allegedly Shoots Woman In Head In Road Rage Incident. 
Woman Arrested After Newborn Baby Was Found Hidden In Hotel Toilet. 
Grand Jury Close To Decision In Police Chokehold Death. 
Death Row Inmate Loses Fight Over Kosher Food. 
Oil Boom Leads To Crime Spike In Western State. 
Mom Sentenced For Disturbing Sex Crimes Against Toddler Son. 
Ferguson Protesters Chain Mall Doors Shut In Seattle. 
Black Friday Shoppers Brawl Over Barbies, TVs, Bargains. 
Drunk Driver Falls Asleep On Busy Highway. 
The Great Ferguson Okey-Doke. So rather than take the hit back in August, he used the grand jury for political cover. He could just say
Men Reportedly Had Plans To Bomb St. Louis Arch And Kill Ferguson's Police Chief. 
Robbers Who Make Victims Strip Still On The Loose. 
I Ate Thanksgiving Dinner With My Identity Thief for 19 Years. Estimates vary, but somewhere between 10 and 16 million Americans are defrauded each year in this way. Thanksgiving can be an awkward time of year for some victims, since family members account for more than 30 percent of the identity thieves.
Tragedy in Ferguson. The majority population, most of whom pollsters tell us did not believe Officer Wilson committed any crimes, may believe the country can afford to accept things as they are. People of color -- Black men and their families and those who depend on them cannot afford that luxury. They need us to get this right.
What It Takes To Convict A Killer Cop. 
9-Month Old Shot By Father Cleaning Illegal Gun. 
Ex-Cop Gets 19 Years For Filming Sex With Teen. 
Florida State Gunman Was Lawyer. 
High School Softball Coach Molested Young Student. 
Firefighter Arrested In Love Triangle Murder. 
Driver Allegedly Went 1.5 Miles With Man Stuck Through Windshield. 
2 Men Both Wrongfully Convicted For Same Crime, 17 Years Apart. 
5 Kids Shot With BB Guns By 5 Adults And Forced To Watch Sex Acts. 
Police Uncover New Leads In Child's 17-Year-Old Murder Mystery. 
The Unforgiving Law That Costs Many Death Row Inmates Their Last Appeal. 
Details Of Cop's Murder Charge Kept Secret. 
The $11-Million Manhunt. 
CAUGHT ON VIDEO. 
Cops Unveil New Tool In The Fight To Stop School Shootings. 
Teens Who Carry Guns Are Those More Likely To Engage In These Behaviors, Study Shows. 
Deputy Who Killed Teen Girl Won't Be Indicted. 
Family Donates Heart Of 5-Year-Old Girl Fatally Shot While Sitting On Grandpa's Lap. 
Tyler Perry's Alleged Stalker Climbed Through Studio Ceiling. 
Fourth Victim In Marysville Shooting Dies. 
After Years Of Mystery, Cops Finally Think They Solved Family's Murder. 
Man Charged With Killing Wife Years After She Plummeted To Death. 
Broken Windows, Broken Trust. Twenty years after his son was fatally shot by a police officer, Nicholas Heyward Sr stares out the kitchen window of his Brooklyn apartment, one hand distractedly placed on a stack of newspaper clippings related to the death of then-13-year-old Nicholas N. Heyward Jr, an honors student who loved to play basketball.
#GamerGate, Victimization, and the Role of the FBI. The FBI cannot prosecute a case without a victim. If you have been a victim of the anonymous #GamerGate mob, let them know. The National Center for Victims of Crime can help too.
Frein's Sister Questions Brother's Injuries. 
Mom Allegedly Feeds Kids Toilet Cleaner In Murder-Suicide Attempt. 
3 People Shot In 1 Week By Toddlers Wielding Guns. 
Jilted Ex-Boyfriend Sends Nude Photos Of Teacher To Students, Staff. 
New Disney World Ride Catches Fire. 
Photo Of Toddler Hanging On Hook Leads To Mom's Arrest (GRAPHIC PHOTO). 
Why Are We Arming Our Cops For War?. 
Documentary Star Fights Molestation Conviction. 
Major Police Group. The International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) approved a resolution calling for greater use of mandated treatment, commonly known as assisted outpatient treatment (AOT), at their annual meeting in Orlando. Research shows that AOT reduces arrest, suicide, involuntary hospitalization and violence by the most seriously mentally ill.
Austin Police Department Apologizes For Officers' Rape Joke. 
Woman Accused Of Heinous Sex Crimes Against 3-Year-Old And Dog. 
There Have Been At Least 45 'Craigslist Killings' Since 2009. 
American Prison Warden Blown Away By Norwegian Jail. 
Woman Reportedly Beheaded By Man Who Then Jumped In Front Of Train. 
Man Chokes Woman He Met Online Because She Was Different In Person. 
Cop Caught Apparently Kicking, Punching Bystanders In GRAPHIC Video. 
Alleged Cop Killer Flew Under Radar. 
Dog Found Alive With Crossbow Bolt Shot Through Head (GRAPHIC PHOTOS). 
Changing Prison From the Inside Out. Millions of men and women in the country are paid slave labor wages and then charged for food and substandard medical care. They eat, sleep and bathe in dirty, overcrowded conditions--nowhere worse than in the South.
Conviction Stays For Man Who Killed Abortion Doctor. 
Suspected Killer Of Little Girl Worked For Police. 
St. Louis Cop Shot Black Teen 6 Times In Back Of Legs During Fatal Shooting. 
Ferguson Investigation To Be Completed In Coming Months, Attorney General Says. 
Therapists Missed Newtown Gunman's Rage As A Teenager. 
Cop Allegedly Steals Nude Photos From DUI Suspect's Phone. 
Strangling Suspect Allegedly Told Friend 'Nobody Saw Sh*t'. 
Deadly Midair Collision Reported In Maryland. 
Former Mayor Busted For Alleged Child Porn. 
Report. 
Clowns Assaulted Haunted House Visitors With Sex Toys. 
The Mental Illness of Murder. This unnamed illness that kills without discrimination has become too ingrained on a national level and the lack of responsibility is becoming the crutch of global society.
Leprosy Scare At Ohio Prison. 
NYC Jail Violence On The Rise. 
REPORT. 
Bear Eats Dead Man. 
Human Remains Found In Search For Hannah Graham. 
Haunted House With 'John Wayne Gacy Room' Erected Near Where Serial Killer Was Active. 
Mom Gives Gang Member Son Ride To Shoot Someone. 
Abusive Mother Tried To Sew Daughter's Mouth Shut. 
EXCLUSIVE. 
Another Day, Another Death. Latandra Ellington, a 36-year old mother of four children, died in a Florida prison last week.  Ellington had just seven months left to serve of her twenty-two month sentence for grand theft when she was found dead in her cell.
2 Toddlers Injured When Bouncy House Flies Away. 
The King Of Credit Card Fraud. Gonzalez became a paid informant for the agency's office in Miami. Gonzalez's work was so impressive that he spoke at seminars and conferences, delighting in shaking hands with the head of the Secret Service. But this sly devil of deception had tricks up his sleeve all along.
Dozens Of Teens Detained In Brawl At Arizona State Fair. 
Investigation Reveals Key Mistakes In Overturned Murder Case. 
Infant Survives For Days Trapped Beneath Dead Father. 
Accused Cop Killer Gets Halloween Cancelled. 
Man Emerges From Below NYC Sidewalk To Attack Restaurant With Smoke Bomb. 
Protesters Clash With Police As New Unrest Grips St. Louis. 
MMA Fighter Mayhem Miller Is Live Tweeting His Own Police Standoff. 
Man Opens Fire On Chicago Subway Train. 
Man Dies After Telling Police Who Chased Him 'I Can't Breathe,' Sources Say. 
Woman Stabs Boyfriend To Death After He Bites Her Finger, New York Police Say. 
High School Football Players Secretly Record Girls In Locker Room. 
Woman Hid Heroin, Oxy Under Fake Butt, Cops Say. 
Another High Profile Murder Case In South Africa. 
Inmate Already Serving Life Admits To 2 Other Murders. 
Car Plows Into Diners At Pizza Place. 
LISTEN. 
NYPD Kills Third Man In A Week. 
DOJ Asked To Review Troubled Police Department. 
Teen Obsessed With 'Dexter' Given Life Sentence After Dismembering Girlfriend. 
Woman Killed Trying To Stop Shoplifter. 
Unease Grows Between Mayor, NYPD. 
Hundreds At Harvard Receive Shooting Threats. 
Driver In Clown Mask Intentionally Hit Cyclist, Police Say. 
When Prison Guards Kill Inmates. Allegations of horrific and widespread abuse of Florida prisoners -- a story broken recently in a series of articles by the Miami Herald -- serve to remind us that we cannot, and should not, forget about prisoners. Take, for example, Darren Rainey and Randall Jordan-Aparo, who purportedly died in unthinkably cruel ways at the hands of their guards.
They Accused Him Of Taking A Backpack. The Courts Took The Next 3 Years Of His Life.. 
Body Of Missing Real Estate Agent Found In Shallow Grave. 
ISIS Sympathizer Allegedly Threatens Co-Worker With Beheading. 
Parents Charged With Homicide In Starvation Death Of Autistic Son. 
Cop Raped Girl In Back Of Patrol Car While On Duty. 
It's Not Only About Domestic Violence. 
Ferguson Police Officer Shot. 
Ferguson Police Officer Shot. 
'I Don't Feel Safe Calling The Police'. 
Meth Markets In America. Breaking Bad may have gotten a lot of the story right, from the family nature of the drug to the penetration of the industry by Mexican cartels. Our research reveals new information about the personal nature of meth markets, the unintended consequences of legislation put in place to curb its manufacture and use, and the drug's terrible impact on children.
Arresting Developments. Despite marijuana's legalization in Colorado and Washington, forthcoming ballot measures in Alaska, Oregon, and Washington, D.C., and rising support in the polls, marijuana's prohibition still remains a powerful force in much of the country.
Accused Cop Killer Researched How To Elude Police Manhunts. 
Oklahoma Woman Beheaded By Fired Coworker. 
\u200bA \u200bCourageous Reporter And A Corrupt Chinese Communist Official. According to documents released by the court on September 24, Liu Tienan was accused of accepting about $5.8 million in bribes from five companies between 2002 and 2012. Liu Tienan also received a Porsche and a Beijing villa.
Woman's Daring Escape From Alleged Intruder Caught On Camera. 
Man Accused Of Molesting 5 Kids. 
Suspect Tells Cops Stabbing People 'Better Than Doing Meth'. 
Young Mother Killed By Reckless, Drunk Driver, Police Say. 
An Epidemic of Dangerous Driving. A recent report on the national news only confirmed what many of us have known
Police in Death Penalty States Must Be Required to Record Interrogations. The recent exonerations of Leon Brown and Henry Lee McCollum in North Carolina again underscore the need to require police to record interrogations of suspects.
WATCH. 
Heroin Is Cheaper Than Beer And Easy To Get In Pennsylvania. 
A Criminal Mastermind Might Be Closer Than You Think. Those most deadly to us are those we cannot easily identity as masterminds. Normal people can become evil, and evil people can look normal.
Soldier Kills 2-Year-Old Daughter Because Of Dirty Diaper. 
Man Arrested For Allegedly Burning, Decapitating Co-Worker. 
Man Gets Five Years For Raping Puppy. 
32 Prison Guards Fired Amid Outrage Over Inmate Abuse. 
Man Accused Of Shooting At Sheriff Escapes Jail; Said To Be 'Armed And Dangerous'. 
NYPD Officer Dead, 8 Injured In Police Van Crash. 
Texas Deputy Found Dead In Lake. 
Eric Frein's Neighbors. 
Doctor Says Lover Gave Him Poisoned, 'Sweet' Coffee. 
NFL's Bad Actors and Head Injuries. If the \bad actors\ are acting badly because of severe, or too many, hits to the head, shouldn't everyone, especially the NFL, want to know it?
How Many Of The Hundreds of Thousands Of Untested Rape Kits In The US Are In Your City?. Seventeen states have introduced measures addressing backlogs. What about the others? Has your state or city take any action? Does your police department even know how many untested kits exist?
Memphis Police Find Almost 200 Misplaced Rape Kits From '70s. 
New Developments In Search For Sisters Missing Since 1975. 
Officer In Michael Brown Case Testifies In Front Of Grand Jury. 
Religious Crimes and Free Speech. Whenever religion becomes involved, sophomoric stunts by 14-year-old boys become no laughing matter to the offended.
Surveillance Footage Shows Honolulu Police Officer Repeatedly Punching Girlfriend. 
Gas Pipeline Accident Kills 1, Injures 2 In Louisiana. 
Man Allegedly Kidnaps Girl He Met On 'Disney Fairies' Website. 
Do College Towns Really Need Tanks to Keep Them Safe?. The people of Davis, California don't think so, as The New York Times reports this week.  Their police department is returning the Pentagon's gift of a \mine-resistant, ambush-protected\ motorized tank (MRAP).
New Details Emerge In Zimmerman Road Rage Incident. 
Video Allegedly Shows Park Ranger Fighting Skateboarder. 
Golf Teacher Admits To Molesting Kids, Trying To Have Them Killed. 
Police Chief Defends Vast Inequalities In Arrests. 
For Black And Hispanic New Yorkers, There Are Broken Windows Wherever They Go. 
'Sons Of Guns' Star Charged With Rape Of Another 12-Year-Old Girl. 
Death Row Roulette. As long as we have the death penalty, we run the risk that the State will take the life of the wrong person. Little offends democracy more than the State killing -- or even almost killing -- an innocent person.
Mother Admits Smothering Children, Faces Murder Charges. 
US Marshal Out For A Jog Hits Alleged Groper Where It Hurts. 
Teacher Pleads Guilty After Giving Student Lap Dance In Class. 
REPORT. 
Mom Going To Prison For Giving Daughter Abortion Pills. 
Judge Makes 17-Year-Old Spend Anniversary Of Killing In Solitary. 
The Greatest Threat To Liberty Is Closer Than You Might Think. 
Murder Suspect Sent Taunting Messages From Slain Girl's Phone. 
Teacher Accused Of Sending Penis Pics To Teen Girls. 
Woman Killed By Stone That Fell From Church Gargoyle. 
White Cop Detains Black Oakland Firefighter At Fire House. 
School Resource Officers Accused Of Using Excessive Force (VIDEO). 
Day Care Workers Fired After Encouraging Toddlers To Fight (VIDEO). 
Mom Claims Daughter Was Brutally Beat Up On School Playground. 
Mom Of Boy Who Brought Gun To Class Hears her Fate. 
Mom Charged In Disabled Child's Death Could Get $1 Million. 
Park Ranger Found Asleep With Beer Between Legs In Patrol Car. 
Ferguson Is Rallying Cry For Protests Over Cop Killings. 
La. Teacher Suspected Of Having Sex With Students. 
Vegas Trio Hid Stolen Rolexes In Vaginas. 
House Fire Kills 6. 
Woman In Silicone Injection Death Case Learns Her Fate. 
Prosecutors Charge Cop With Rape, Assault Of 8 Women. 
Inmate Overdosed On Methadone-Soaked Underwear. 
Multimillionaire CEO Caught On Tape Kicking Puppy (GRAPHIC VIDEO, UPDATE). 
Officer Who Shot Michael Brown Began Career At Disgraced Department. 
Parents Turn Sexting Teen Daughter In To Police. 
Cop In Ferguson Suspended For Video Of Bigoted Views. 
Police Release Image Of Person Following Gay Man Before Fatal Beating. 
Thousands March In NYC To Protest Chokehold Death. 
Mom Treats Son's Head Injury With Cannabis Oil. 
Ferguson And The Case For Creating A Special Prosecutor's Office For The Police. It is not surprising that a local prosecutor would believe that a local police officer was \entitled\ to \the benefit of the doubt.\
Woman Downloaded Child Porn To Frame Hubby. 
9-Year-Old Fatally Shot In Chicago Yard. 
Ohio Woman Sent To Prison For School Outburst. 
'Sideshow' Stunt Stops Traffic On Golden Gate Bridge. 
New Stanford Criminal Justice Study Right, But Incomplete and Misleading. Giving up on talking about race or facts because of the Stanford study would be a sad high-jacking of criminal justice discourse in our country.
Psychologist Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Patients With 'Touching Therapy'. 
Cop Under Investigation After Racist Michael Brown FB Posts. 
Hit Man Hired By Rabbi Set For Release Near Killing's Anniversary. 
2 Dead After Police Cadet Opens Fire On Ex's House. 
Policing 'Stop and Frisk' With 'Stop and Track' Policing. Ferguson has resonated across the country, not because of the merits of this one particular interaction -- where the facts are still uncertain -- but because of other similar, but less deadly policing tactics in certain urban communities.
Man Falls Asleep At Intersection. What Cops Say Happens Next Is Pure Florida. 
Man Stabs 3-Year-Old Daughter, Dies In Police Shootout. 
Why Toxic Chemical Was Found In Tea. 
Teen Arrested After Video Of Vicious Attack On Boy With Autism Emerges. 
Couple Robs Woman While She's Having Epileptic Fit. 
3 Seriously Injured In Grand Central Station Stabbing. 
Burned Car Tied to Murdered Girl. 
MMA Fighter Arrested For Alleged Assault On Porn Star. 
Second Police-Involved Shooting Reported In Missouri Town. 
The Dirt Wars. American prisons foster a culture of violence, hatred, bigotry and dominance. They take the criminally inclined, and not so inclined, and turn them into hardened convicts who, after a period of years, become dangerous men.
Why Is America 50 Years Behind the Times When It Comes to the Death Penalty?. When execution ended in my country, a shadow faded. Something grim and primitive was gone. There's still violence and murder in England, of course, but its citizens -- including children -- no longer have to be accomplices in the most premeditated of all killings.
17 Year Old Neighbor Faces Murder, Rape Charges In 6-Year-Old's Death. 
Outrage And Sorrow After Teen Shot Dead By Police. 
Teen Dies In Manure Pit. 
Albuquerque Shooter On The Loose; Gunman Leaves 1 dead, 3 injured. 
Grandma Stabbed Her 7-Year-Old Grandson To Death. 
School Counselor's Family 'Will Never Get Over' Her Murder. 
Woman Beats Cancer, Dies Falling From Horse. 
Why NJ Cities Are Working Together. Crime recognizes few boundaries - urban or suburban. That's why it's so important to have police departments cooperate as regional crime fighters, especially to slow the movement of guns and drugs. But fighting crime is more than just good police work.
Man Throws Girlfriend, Her Pet Raccoon Against Wall. 
DOJ Releases Blistering Report On City's Juvenile Jails. 
Google Reports Man Allegedly Sending Child Porn In Email. 
The 'Most Dangerous' States In America. 
Jewish Man Charged With Hate Crime Resurrects Brooklyn's Racial Tension. 
Woman Named 'Possible Suspect' In Husband And Toddler's Deaths. 
Teen Allegedly Held Captive Is 'Feeling A Lot Better'. 
Chicago Office Shooter 'Despondent' Over Demotion. 
A Deadly Secret. A botched execution also erodes public confidence because it means that something went wrong with the very process of death, which we have entrusted to our leaders. When a government hides information such as the source of drugs used in lethal injection, it erodes the public trust.
Man Seriously Injured In Samurai Sword Attack. 
Carjacking Victims ID'd. 
2 Guns Found at Hospital Shooting Suspect's Home. 
Alleged Hospital Shooter Charged With Murder. 
How I Became Interested in the Death Penalty and Why I'm Against It. It is easier to dismiss someone as being \evil\ than to face the tangle of social failures that we're all complicit in. It's easier to hate the adult than to ask what made a child grow up wanting oblivion and finding fulfillment in a killing.
U.S. Fighter Jets Escort Plane Home After Passenger Threat. 
Cops Deciding Whether To Charge Man Who Allegedly Killed Burglar. 
Cops Hunt For Suspects In Carjacking That Killed Kids. 
ANOTHER Baby Dies After Being Left In Hot Car. 
'The Worst Of The Worst' Aren't The Only Ones Who Get Executed (INFOGRAPHIC). 
When the Guilty Are (Wrongly) Acquitted. We must talk about the wrongful conviction of innocent men and women, to remind ourselves that we need to look closely at a system that is flawed and will sometimes fail. But in that vein, don't we also need to look at the consequences when those who may actually be guilty are acquitted, particularly when they are repeat offenders guilty of violent crimes?
Hey, Arizona, Next Time Try Scaphism. If we're not ashamed of executing our lowlifes -- strange that rich people never seem to get executed, what's that all about? -- then let the Bible be our guide and let's kill lots of people for all kinds of crimes and let's do it brutally.
Father Charged After Dresser Deaths Of Toddlers. 
Iowa Man Convicted Of Killing Pregnant Wife. 
Man Buried Alive In Sand Tunnel Collapse Was 'A Perfect Son'. 
37 Tons of David Victorson. \In a time of universal deceit,\ George Orwell once said, \telling the truth is a revolutionary act.\ That maxim certainly applies to David Victorson's book, 37 Tons.
This Is Why You Don't Mess With The Garbage Man. 
Kidnapped Girl, 5, Dies In Shootout After High-Speed Chase. 
NYC Agency. 
At Least 40 Shot In Chicago Weekend Wave Of Violence. 
Four Emergency Workers Barred From Duty Following NYPD Chokehold Death. 
Grandmother Files Brutality Lawsuit Following Freeway Beating. 
How to Prevent Summertime Scams. Summertime is here -- and that means sunshine and vacations. Most people love summertime, including scammers! Hackers can use this time to take advantage while we are planning vacations or on vacation or just enjoying fun in the sun. Here are some key scams to watch out for this summer.
Mayor De Blasio Postpones Italian Vacation In Light Of Man's Chokehold Death. 
New Developments In Hate Crime Murder. 
Consulate Worker Accused Of Bringing HUGE Amounts Of Cocaine Into U.S.. 
'Gentle Giant' Dies After NYPD Cop Puts Him In Chokehold. 
My Time as a Philly Juror. When my jury summons notice appeared in the mail, all I could do was breathe a sigh of despair. You know how it is
Twin Sisters Charged With Prostitution. 
Another Year without Celina. Another year has passed, and it seems that we're no closer to justice for Celina than we were when the crime first occurred.
Letters from Men in Prison. 
Police Seek Public's Help In School Counselor Murder Investigation. 
Working as a Defense Attorney Shouldn't Mean Political Suicide. Advising the accused is not a politically popular job. But it is a necessary one. To criticize defense attorneys, the chief checks against prosecutorial abuse, is to promote a judicial system of error by stigmatizing a key motivator for better prosecution.
Aggressive Bystanders Thwart Carjacking. 
Safer Streets and Communities Start at Home. The total number of American law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty by gunfire so far this year is 27, versus 16 last year. Some experts blame anti-government, and white supremacist groups, and gang violence for these increases, but I believe it's much more.
Houston Shooting Survivor. 
Parents Allegedly Lock 5-Year-Old In Hot Truck As Punishment. 
Woman In Heroin Deaths Panicky Then Calm, Police Say. 
'Psycho' Daughter Slept And Ate Next To Mom's Corpse For Years. 
Martyrdom Was Lunchtime Topic Of Conversation For Alleged Bomber. 
Teen's Alleged Rape Goes Viral And Now She's Speaking Out. 
Mom Allegedly Suffocated Baby, Posted RIP Pic On Facebook. 
Texas Massacre Suspect Had Previous Domestic Violence Arrest. 
6 Dead, Including 4 Kids, In Mass Shooting Near Houston. 
Why Does This Town Have Two Grenade Launchers?. 
ANOTHER Child Dies After Being Left In Car. 
Woman Found Living With Corpse. 
Almost Everything You've Read About Amanda Knox Is Wrong. When I wrote, \Amanda Knox is innocent,\ I believed it. I continue to believe it. The innocence is clear once you navigate the twisted, false and misinterpreted information published every day. That's the issue. There's a lot of faulty reportage out there.
Chicago's Bloody July 4th Weekend. 
2-Year-Old Girl Found Dead In Brooklyn Lake. 
Officer Slain During Violent Weekend In Indianapolis. 
Detained Child Serial Killer Confesses To Murders, Rapes. 
Suspect Arrested For Fatal Bourbon Street Shooting. 
Marine's Pregnant Wife Disappears On Way To National Park. 
6 Hurt In Shooting, Stampede At Houston Festival. 
Shocking Video Of Officer Punching Woman Ignites Police Probe. 
Necrophiliac Nurse Sentenced. 
Man Suspected Of Punching Rabbit During Fight About Women's Rights. 
'Call My Husband. I Just Killed My Baby'. 
Fireworks Accidents Kills 1 And Injures Several At Texas School. 
DC Sniper Fights His Life Sentence. 
Dying Priest Who Killed Nun Can't Leave Prison. 
'It's A Long Story' How Sandusky Got A New Lawyer. 
Several Injured In Gunfire On Famed New Orleans Street. 
'This Man Was Out To Kill'. 
Woman Allegedly Sprays Weed Killer In 7-Year-Old Girl's Face. 
Daniel St. Hubert and Why the Criminal-Justice System Needs More Mental-Health Oversight. Can we force medication after an inmate's release without infringing on the person's right to refuse treatment? Should we make forced medication a condition of parole? If so, how do mental-health departments and corrections departments handle the logistics of ensuring that a parolee or released convict is getting the treatment and/or medication that he or she needs?
Families Sue Over 2013 Wildfire That Killed 19 Firefighters. 
SHOCK VIDEO. 
Two Bodies Found In Suitcases In Grassy Ditch. 
Ex-Mayor Kills Wife In 'Final Act Of Love'. 
Digital Privacy Rights Upheld in Landmark Cell Phone Case. The Supreme Court unanimously ruled today that police may not search information on an arrested suspect's cell phone without an additional search warrant. In two cases from both coasts, consolidated into a single opinion the Court held that the privacy interests in protecting the tremendous amount of personal information stored on cell phones outweighs the government's interest to its immediate access by police, even after a suspect is lawfully arrested. The cases decided today forced the Court to analyze a centuries-old constitutional amendment in light of modern technological advances.
Las Vegas Cop Killers Wore Diapers During Walmart Siege. 
Florida Extends 'Stand Your Ground' To Cover Warning Shots. 
Could a LA-Style Threat Assessment Team Have Thwarted the Isla Vista, Seattle or Oregon Shooting Sprees?. the department still grapples with the reality that at least half of seriously mentally ill people receive no treatment at all, a situation of possible danger to the entire community and, far more often, to themselves.
Day Care Under Fire After Photo Of Duct-Tape Restraint Surfaces. 
Another Times Square 'Spider-Man' Arrested. 
Trump Calls Central Park 5 Settlement A 'Disgrace'. 
Another Big Step For One Of Holder's Top Accomplishments. 
Doctors Forced Wrongfully Accused Pregnant Woman To Take Laxatives. 
Video Shows El Paso Officer Fatally Shooting Prisoner. 
911 Dispatcher Tells Rape Victim To 'Quit Crying' (AUDIO). 
Driver Faces Charges After Woman Dies Vomiting Out Car Window. 
Man Ran Meth Lab From Retirement Home. 
Warrant Issued In Case Of Mutilated Exotic Dancer. 
Man Brought Gun To School Shooting, Wanted To Protect Sister. 
Tsarnaev's Friends Seek Constitutional Rights. The United States will be riveted on Dzokhar Tsarnaev when he goes on trial on Nov. 3, 2014, for allegedly murdering three people and injuring 264 on April 15, 2013, when he and his brother Tamerlan allegedly placed two bombs near the finish line of that day's Boston Marathon. Legal experts and scholars, though, might conclude that the first Boston Marathon bombing trial is more legally significant.
Farmer v. Brennan and the Urgency of Ending Sexual Abuse in Detention. While rightfully condemning the seven governors who are putting detainees in their states at continued risk of rape, some advocates and journalists have also questioned the value of the assurances offered by a majority of states.
Death Threats Against Bowe Bergdahl's Family Investigated By FBI. 
Man Charged With Driving High Also Really Drunk. 
15-Year-Old Boy Sexually Assaulted At McDonald's. 
Headless Body Found On Cape Cod Beach. 
Dad Hits Teacher With Baseball Bat After 'Inappropriate' Texts Sent To Daughter. 
Fire Breaks Out In New York City Building. 
Billionaire Pleads Guilty To Sexually Assaulting Stepdaughter. 
Newlywed Couple Crash Cars Into Each Other In Fatal Accident. 
Deck Collapse Sends Tourists To Hospital. 
Man Buries Date Alive Because He Thought She Was Dead. 
Accused Killer Wanted 'Army Of People Who'd Do Anything He Asked'. 
Suspected Seattle Gunman Suffers From Severe Mental Illness. 
5 Cultists Arrested In McDonald's Slaying Caught On Tape. 
Officer. 
Filming Police in Public Places. Today, anyone and everyone has the capacity to be a journalist and to record with their smartphones potential abuses of government authority.
Airline Passenger Arrested After Allegedly Saying, 'I Kill White People Like You'. 
Florida Woman Bitten By Shark While Inner Tubing. 
WATCH. 
Man Attempting To Sexually Assault 2 Women Gets Stabbed. 
Gunman Kills Teen, Police Officer In Shooting Spree. 
Brains, Guns, and Preventable Murder. The Isla Vista mass murder is proof that we are past the time to break the nexus between guns, murder, and mental illness. And we should do that by enacting rigorous new gun-control legislation that takes account of an individual's fitness to own lethal weapons in light of what we are learning about the human brain.
The Isla Vista Shooting. I certainly don't want to go back to the days of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, but I wonder if our well-intentioned desires have swung the mental health pendulum too far.  Would Elliot Rodger or Adam Lanza have revealed their violent intentions during an involuntary mental health hold?
Despite Firearms Database, Police Didn't Know College Killer Had Guns. 
SWAT Team Throws Grenade That Blows Up In Toddler's Face. 
Former High School Wrestling Champ Accused Of Rampage. 
Teen Allegedly Beaten Over Snarky Texts Requires Brain Surgery For Injuries. 
Taping Police Interrogations Could Have Prevented This Horrific Miscarriage of Justice. We found that interrogators who were told that their sessions would be taped were less likely to use certain high-pressure interrogation techniques such as threatening the suspect and promising leniency in exchange for a confession.
Jeopardy for Both. The dust has begun to settle about Donald Sterling and his strange (is there another word?) \girlfriend,\ V. Stiviano,  although one is not sure we know more now than when this episode began.  But what lessons can we learn from the spectacle they -- and it is they -- have caused?
Wife Found Dead Days After Police Say Her Husband Died In Fiery Crash. 
Man Hits Red-Light Camera, Drives Off With It, Police Say. 
Blind Sailor Successfully Sails From Mexico To Hawaii, Crashes On Reef Upon Arrival. 
Gunman's Hatred For Women Revealed In Chilling 'Manifesto'. 
Suspected Burglars Flee In Car With Their Kids. 
Child Clings To Life After Brutal Sexual Assault. 
UCSB Suspect's Rampage Started At Home. 
Are Parents the First, Best and Last Defense Against Mass Murder?. I am utterly convinced that if every single parent paid attention to their children to the greatest degree possible, with no limitations or planned obsolescence, we would not be having as many of these dreaded conversations.
UCSB Shooting Victim's Father Blames 'Craven' Politicians, NRA For Son's Death. 
UCSB Shooting Suspect Identified. 
Why College 'Drunk Sex' = Rape. Drinking does not mean someone is \asking\ to be raped. Drinking does not make it okay to attack another person (something most men are perfectly capable of not doing). Drinking does not cause rapes to happen. The only cause of rape is sexually predatorial behavior; the only people responsible for rape are rapists.
Mom Who Drove Kids Into Ocean Gives Birth. 
Home Invasion Ends in Death. Can something like this be prevented? Most likely, even though we don\u2019t have the details.
Ex-Husband Of Missing Mom Arrested. 
Falling Palm Tree Kills Man Going To Funeral. 
Father Accused Of Throwing Toddler In Pool For Drowning Puppy (VIDEO). 
Hidden Covert Cameras found in Woman's Home. 
Idaho Man Imprisoned Woman As Sex Slave. 
Police Confrontation Ends In Cringe-Worthy Tasing (WATCH). 
'Vampire Vet' Kept Dog Alive In Filthy Cage After Telling Owners He Was Dead. 
Dancing Eyebrows, Amanda Knox, and Jerry Hobbs. There's no place for such conjecture testimony in the court system or the court of public opinion. It may make for great television but it is not science.
Report. 
Mother's Day When Your Mom's in Prison. Vanessa will hopefully make it, stay out of juvie and be able to reunite with her mother later this year. But what about all the kids who don't make it? Children with incarcerated parents are five times more likely than their peers to end up behind the bars.
Estranged Husband Faces Murder In Wife's Fatal Stabbing. 
Woman's Last Words Before Alleged Killing. 
'Friday Night Lights' School Embroiled In Sex Scandals. 
Death Penalty. Amnesty International reminds Texans and the rest of us that America is in very distinct and distinctive company among executors
Wisconsin Boy, 3, Shoots Self In Head With Mom's Gun. 
He Knew He Was About To Die. So He Sent A Heartbreaking Message To His Family.. 
15 Tips to Prepare for Big and Small Security Threats. 
If We're Keeping the Death Penalty, Then Bring Back Firing Squads. If we're going to keep carrying out the death penalty in this country and if we are going to continue to grandly insist that they are \humane executions\ then only a return to a firing squad will insure a speedy and relatively pain free death for the condemned.
Second Shooting Reported At College In 24 Hours. 
Girl Reveals Disturbing Details in Colorado Triple Killing. 
5 Ways To Avoid Getting Arrested. 
Officer Killed In Hit-And-Run. 
TSA Seizes 81 Pounds Of Pot At Airport. 
Trooper Deaths Highlight Special Dangers. 
Georgia Governor Vetoes Private Probation Bill. The bill would have allowed these private probation companies to shield details of their practices from public eyes, while still raking in millions from those they're meant to supervise.
Gas Explosion At Florida Jail Kills 2. 
5 Cops Busted Lying on the Stand. When we discover that a police officer has lied, it raises serious questions and concerns. For every falsehood uncovered, how often does one go unnoticed? How often do an officer's lies end up becoming damning evidence against a defendant?
A Glimmer Of Hope For Man Sentenced To Life On A Non-Violent Drug Crime. 
Woman Stops Alleged Bank Robber By Crashing Into Him. 
Home Invasion Prompts Neighbors to Invest in Security. The Lincoln-Highlands Association is a resident organization devoted to fighting crime in Oakland, California's Diamond District.
Explosion Levels One Home, Damages Dozens Others. 
Could This Man Die Because His Lawyer Was An Alcoholic?. 
Autism, Stigma and Murder. 
Brooklyn DA May Stop Prosecuting Most Marijuana Arrests. 
Oklahoma Tackles the Prescription Drug Abuse Epidemic. More than 6 million Americans abuse prescription drugs, and both the number of prescription drug sales and the number of prescription drug overdose deaths have quadrupled since 1999. Are doctors to blame?
Don't Fall Prey to This. 
Alleged Dognapping Caught On Video. 
Remains Found In Lake May Be Woman Missing For 35 Years. 
Video Shows Jarring Crash Into Store That Injured Woman. 
Body Of Child Found Along Highway 'Consistent' With Missing Boy. 
David & Me Chronicles Rubin Carter's Fight to Free David McCallum as He Fights for His Own Life. Young suspects like McCallum and Stuckey are like putty in the police's hands; they fold much more quickly under pressure.
World's Dumbest Hijack Attempt?. 
Police Want your Home Video Surveillance Footage. 
'We Won The Battle'. A number of Bundy's supporters, who included militia members from California, Idaho and other states, dressed in camouflage
Funeral Held For Timothy Owens, Fort Hood Victim. \You go through little towns and see people with their hands over their hearts, it's very moving,\ Reinhart said, adding
Shootings Reported At 2 Jewish Centers In Overland Park, Kan. (VIDEO) [UPDATED]. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Cross has long been an outspoken white supremacist and was the former \u201cgrand
Boston Beefs Up Security As Marathon Nears. Preparations are also under way to help those affected by the bombings last year cope with feelings that might be triggered
Jewelry Store Robber Ties Up Worker, Takes Off With $54K In Merchandise. The man went into Margo Manhattan jewelry store on Friday afternoon and asked a 53-year-old female employee to show him some
Steve Utash, Victim Of Mob Beating, Wakes Up After 9 Days. (Reuters) - A truck driver beaten unconscious by a Detroit mob when he tried to assist a child he accidentally hit with his
Science May Make Eternal Life Sentences a Reality (VIDEO). While some researchers are looking for the fountain of youth, others are thinking that life extension will change the way we punish criminals. Philosophers and engineers are now exploring the possibility of making a life sentence in prison last hundreds -- and theoretically thousands -- of years.
Kansas City Police Say 12 Vehicle Shootings All Connected. (Additional reporting by Carey Gillam in Kansas City; editing by G Crosse and David Bailey) Witnesses have reported seeing
Clerical Error Kept Cornealious 'Mike' Anderson Out Of Prison For 13 Years ... Until Now. Anderson's attorneys are petitioning to have him released, arguing he is a rehabilitated man and making him serve his time
Man Fatally Stabs 3-Year-Old Daughter Before Hanging Himself In Murder-Suicide. \u201cI watched as they carried out my limp sister out the door,\u201d Szyszka told the Tribune via email. Zuzanna was taken to an
Woman Tortured, Killed Animals While Filming Brutal Fetish Sex Video. CBS Miami reports that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals received a tip from someone who had seen the video back
Are You Being Followed on Foot or By Car? What to Do. One of the things I impress upon people is what never to do, and what TO do, if they suspect they're being followed on foot or by car.
What is a Denial-of-Service Attack?. Robert Siciliano\u00a0is an Online Security Expert to\u00a0McAfee. He is the author of\u00a099 Things You Wish You Knew Before Your Mobile
84-Year-Old Man Allegedly Kills Son Over Installing Cable. The criminal complaint contends that Pang Se Vang spoke to his church pastor on the phone Monday morning about his son's
Bones Found Under Garage Could Solve 62-Year Cold Case. (NEWSER) \u2013 It's been 62 years since then-26-year-old Inez Garcia went missing\u2014and investigators may finally have some new
Feds Accuse Man Of Plotting To Blow Up Government Buildings And Rob Armored Cars. A detention hearing for Talbot is scheduled for Tuesday. (Reporting by Andrea Lorenz; Writing by Jon Herskovitz; Editing
Janitor Suspected Of Abducting 8-Year-Old Gave Gifts To Other Homeless Girls. Lanier has said the search for Rudd is a \recovery operation,\ but that \we have not given up hope that we may still find
Shelter Janitor Kidnaps Homeless Girl, Kills Wife. She pleaded with the suspect to bring her child home. \u201cWe\u2019ve been trying to sound the alarm that the city needs to invest
Hawaii Lawmakers Promise To Ban Police Sex With Prostitutes. \I will tell you that without question I can't imagine police officers being exempt from the law,\ Hee said Friday. \To condone
Teen Arrested For Allegedly Sexually Assaulting A 2-Year-Old. Story continues below The suspect was thought to be in North Texas, according to the initial release. Authorities apprehended
Katherine Carpenter Is The 3rd Arrest In Socialite Nancy Pfister's Murder. Sheriff Joe DiSalvo said his office has faced a few difficulties during the investigation. It's the first homicide case in
\u2018100 RT's And I'll Shoot Someone Walking.'. Dakkari McAnuff A Los Angeles man is accused of vowing to trade retweets on Twitter for a murder. \I'm gonna laugh so hard
Sandy Nguyen Allegedly Fakes Son's Cancer, Takes Donations To Disneyland. In August of last year, 31-year-old Emily Creno allegedly told her 4-year-old son he was going to die, and subjected him
7 Ways to Tell if It's a Fake. Unfortunately in today's world, scammers are coming at us from all angles to try and trick us to get us to part with our hard earned money. We all need to be vigilant in protecting ourselves online.
Suspect Dies Of Meth Overdose At The Border, Paramedic Thinks He's Faking It. The paramedic decided Keith should stay in the cell but became concerned after watching him on video for four or five minutes
Son Fatally Beats Elderly Father And Cousin's Wife In Port St. Lucie. Christopher Rossi in 2012 allegedly left home with $1,000 check he wrote to himself from his father's account. His father
Detroit Police Officer Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Woman Who Called 911. A 31-year-old woman said Officer Deon Nunlee sexually assaulted her in her home while he was questioning her in October 2013
Bail Set At $1.2 Milion For Ebony Wilkerson, Mom Who Allegedly Drove Kids Into Ocean. Wilkerson had not posted bail and remained in custody on Saturday afternoon. (Editing by Jonathan Allen and Gunna Dickson
Crime Scene DNA No Match For Woman Convicted Of 1976 Murder. A woman convicted of the 1976 murder of a University of Nevada-Reno college student may get a new chance at freedom thanks
Jaden Hanson, Abducted 3-Year-Old, Rescued In Missouri. An Amber Alert had been issued Friday around noon for Jaden Hanson. The boy was allegedly taken by force from his mother
New Jersey Teen Killed By 115-Pound Dog. Even authorities appeared to be shocked by the attack. \In 37 years this is the worst that I've seen,\ Paterson animal control
U.S. Prisons Seen Through The Eyes Of 'Birdman Of Alcatraz'. By Kevin Murphy PUBLISHERS WARY More of his writings are to come, with the volumes tracing the rise and degeneration of the
Troubles At Women\u2019s Prison Test Alabama - NYTimes.com. WETUMPKA, Ala. \u2014 For a female inmate, there are few places worse than the Julia Tutwiler Prison for Women. Read more on The
Snowboarder May Have Caused Montana Avalanche That Injured Three. March 1 (Reuters) - An avalanche that destroyed a house and injured three people in Missoula, Montana, may have been inadvertently
Man Accused Of Killing His Wife Has Support Of His In-Laws. \He is my son and a brother to my daughters now and an uncle to my grandbabies,\ Linda Jordan, Dobson's mom, told the Marietta
Reid Fontaine, Michael Jones Accused Of Sexually Abusing Cows. A 2011 study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine found that men who have had sex with animals were twice as likely
Laura Cunliffe Admits To Throwing Kitten In Microwave (GRAPHIC PHOTOS). \It is a particularly horrendous case because the period of suffering for the kitten would have been awful,\ Lynsey Harris
Carly Scott's Landlord Allegedly Steals Her Belongings Five Days After She Goes Missing. Scott, who is five-months pregnant, was reported missing on Feb. 10 by her mother Kimberlyn. Four days later, Scott's family
Amanda Jo Stephen, Jaywalking Suspect, Handcuffed And Thrown To Ground By Cops (RAW VIDEO). Stephens continues to struggle, and can be heard screaming and crying, as four officers force her into a police car. Cops
Heather Elvis Missing. The 5-foot-1 woman weighs about 118 pounds. She has brown/auburn hair and brown eyes. There is a $25,000 reward for information
George Zimmerman. \I have a lot of people saying that, you know, they guarantee that they're going to kill me and I'll never be a free man
Adrian Broadway, Teen, Allegedly Gunned Down By Willie Noble Over Egging Prank. An irate Noble is accused of storming out from his house and firing shots. Police said the teenagers fled the scene in a
2 Skiers Missing After Avalanche In Colorado. The skiers were part of a group of seven that were near the top of a ridge on the Twin Lakes side of Independence Pass when
Chris Hays, San Diego Police Officer, Accused Of Sexual Misconduct, Improper Pat Downs. Hays was released on $130,000 bail. Through a statement from his attorney, he has denied the allegations against him. Authorities
Shocking Details From Montana Rape Case Revealed. And other shocking details from the Justice Department's report on the Missoula County Attorney's Office. Read more on www.motherjones.com
Valentine's Day Crossbow Attack Leaves 1 Injured, 1 Dead. A Canadian man is dead after shooting his estranged wife's son with a crossbow before turning the weapon on himself. It is
Stephanie Gribble Arrested After 4 Children Allegedly Overdose At Unlicensed Day Care. Indianapolis police said that the four children may have been given a combination of over-the-counter and prescription medication
Matthew Robinson, Disabled Army Veteran, Attacked By Teens On Cleveland Bus. Robinson said he is concerned by the violence. He said the teens robbed him and recorded video of the attack as they beat
Savannah, Georgia Warehouse Fire Burns 5,600 Tons Of Rubber. Smoke drifted toward downtown Savannah and its historic areas, prompting an advisory to tourists and residents to stay indoors
Darrika Driver Let Natavious Mays, Man Who Molested Her Kids, Move Back Into Home. Neighbor Aleia Berry told WSBTV that Driver may have allowed Mays to move back in because she is \stupid in love.\ Darrika
Antonio Yarbough, Sharrif Wilson Exonerated For Triple Murder After Decades In Prison. Kenneth Thompson, the Brooklyn D.A. ultimately responsible for the men's release, is \grappling with a metastasizing wrongful
What is an Alarm Duress Code?. Ever consider the idea that a home intruder may force you to turn off your home alarm? Ever think that there's a way you could secretly signal this to the authorities when you turn off the alarm while your captor is watching?
Cat Lover, Klonda Richey, Mauled To Death By Dogs. ASSOCIATED PRESS Results of an autopsy being conducted by the Montgomery County coroner weren't expected before Monday. Information
Terrifying Photo Shows Robber Pointing Gun In Guard's Face During $300,000 Queens Heist. An audacious, broad-daylight heist on Friday netted $300,000 for three robbers in Queens, The New York Post reports. An armored
Arizona Woman Allegedly Injects Husband's IV With Feces. A 65-year-old Arizona woman is being accused of attempted first-degree murder after trying to inject her husband's IV with
4 More Men Charged In Fatal Shooting Of Brandon Robinson, South Carolina State Student. South Carolina State University has an enrollment of about 3,200 students. Orangeburg, a city of nearly 14,000 people, is
Lillian Alvarado Killed Newborn Son In Bathtub, Faces Murder Charge. Alvarado was arrested Thursday for the incident, which took place on Thanksgiving, according to D.C. Metro Police. Alvarado
Philip Chism Raped Teacher Colleen Ritzer Before Killing Her. Chism, who was 14 at the time of the alleged murder, pleaded not guilty in December. Chism already faced an aggravated rape
10 Things Burglars Don't Want You to Know. Burglars would rather keep their dirty little secrets to themselves. But today, Schlage, makers of the grade one Touchscreen
Sheila Eddy Murdered Skylar Neese Because She 'Didn't Want To Be Friends With Her Anymore'. Eddy posted photo tributes to her friendship with Neese on social media shortly before she was arrested and charged with
Missing New Jersey Couple Found Dead In Girlfriend's New Jersey Garage. They had a New Year's Eve reservation at a bed and breakfast in the Poconos but never checked in, the Record reported. Melissa
Claudius Smith Claims Self-Defense After Chasing And Shooting Possible Burglar. The case has some similarities to the murder trial of George Zimmerman, who shot Trayvon Martin to death in Sanford, just
Zakieya Latrice Avery, Mother, Stabbed 2 Kids To Death During Exorcism Attempt. Two women have been charged in the recent stabbing deaths of two young children at a Germantown townhouse -- in what Montgomery
Daniel Clement Chafe, Rape Suspect Fugitive, Captured After 15 Years. Daniel Clement Chafe disappeared in 1998, days before his trial for allegedly raping, sodomizing and sexually abusing at
Gregory Weiler II Found Not Guilty By Insanity In Church Bomb Plot. Weiler, who the judge on Friday ordered transferred back to a medical facility, is scheduled to return to court on Feb. 21
Kindergarten Teacher Thomas Washburn Under House Arrest After Allegedly Removing Girl's Shirt In Class. Police charged Washburn with one count of child abuse and 25 counts of indecent exposure -- one count for each student and
Pug Puppy Meant For Child With Leukemia Stolen By Person Delivering It. Hamon reached out to an acquaintance she knew through the \pug networking\ group both belonged to and asked her to deliver
Sioux Mother Rescues Abused Children, Faces Arrest. The doctor found bruises covering the boy's penis and scrotum. Those injuries would soon lead to an arrest warrant for the mother -- not because she had caused the harm, but because she did not return her son, along with his wheelchair-bound twin, to their abusers.
The Sad Irony of Homicide Solvability. If witnesses are unwilling to talk to police, then no increase in the number of investigators will close these cases. The police responsibility, then, is to earn the respect and cooperation of citizens in the neighborhoods where these homicides occur.
The High-Stakes Insider Trading Trial of Mathew Martoma. District Court Judge Paul Gardephe is presiding over what the government has called \the most lucrative insider trading scheme ever charged.\  As the prosecution launches its case-in-chief, the following is what to expect at trial.
Pimp Sirgiorgiro Clardy Sues Nike For $100 Million After He Used Air Jordans To Stomp John. Sirgiorgiro Clardy was convicted of repeatedly stomping a man's face after he didn't pay one of Clardy's prostitutes in 2012
Jennifer McCarthy Releases 911 Call After Space Alien, Vagina Gun Debacle (UPDATE). Paleologo and deputies say McCarthy got into a dispute last Saturday with her 53-year-old lover over space aliens. McCarthy
Teens Trash Million Dollar Mansion. Had this home had a comprehensive security system (or at least any pre-existing one turned on), the teenagers would not have
Mom Arrested After Police Find Crying Child In Car Outside Maryland Casino On New Year's Eve. A Baltimore woman is accused of leaving her four-year-old child in a car outside the Maryland Live! Casino for more than
Rusty Johnson, Kim Johnson Accused Of Forcing Teenage Relative To Drink, Smoke Pot And Drive. A Florida couple has been charged with child abuse after allegedly encouraging a teenage relative to smoke pot, drink beer
Sergio Rivera Arrested In Accidental Shooting Of 2-Year-Old Son New Year's Eve. The boy is recovering at an area hospital and is expected to live. Police said the boy's mother and grandmother were in the
Multiple Victims Hospitalized After Powerful Explosion Rips Through Minnesota Building. Robert Ball, of Hennepin County EMS, told KARE that victims were injured by burns and, in some cases, trauma sustained while
2013's Top Ten Crime Stories. Crime stories dominated the headlines in 2013 like no year in recent history. In the past 12 months we've seen the Boston
Jeffrey Harris Steals Son's Identity, Spends Thousands Of Dollars. Since the beginning of the United States' economic decline in 2008, incidents of parents stealing children's identities is
Crimes And Accusations Make People Say The Darndest Things. People tend to say the darndest things when they're in a tense situation. Brain-to-mouth filters be damned, they speak the
Breanna Gomez, Wisconsin Runaway, Eludes Police In High-Speed Chase. Gomez's grandfather, Jerry Carpenter, told the station that Gomez was recently released from juvenile detention. He said
Keith Tabron, Former 'Detective Of The Year,' Secretly Videotaped Stepdaughter Undressing. Although Maryland law requires people convicted of the crimet to register as sex offenders, prosecutors did not request that
'Military-Style' Raid On California Power Station Spooks U.S.. When U.S. officials warn about \attacks\ on electric power facilities these days, the first thing that comes to mind is probably
Alan Evans Accused Of Killing Dog, Threatening To 'Eat' Roommate On Christmas Eve. A California man, in the midst of a domestic dispute on Christmas Eve, allegedly threatened to 'eat' his roommate and then
Larry Kenton Accused Of Hurling Bricks, Racial Slurs Before Escaping On Ex-Wife's Bike. He was allegedly drunk at the time, according to the woman, who says Kenton forced his way into the house and began arguing
What Is It Like to be a Geek in a Prison?. I also learned about true friends from those who supported me from outside of prison. They stood by me during the trial and
Help Find James Brown, Jophrey Cord And Other Missing People. More than 600,000 men, women and children are reported missing in the United States each year. Please take a few moments
Qawmane Wilson Accused Of Orchestrating Mother's Murder In Chicago To Enrich Himself. Police contend that Wilson hired Eugene Spencer, 22, to carry out the killing, station WLS reported. Lorian Johnson, 23, was
Sister Baffled By Alex Johnson's Sudden Disappearance. Cayce Johnson said the authorities have assured her family they are looking into all leads. \It was a complete nightmare
Dishonor Roll. Student-teacher sex scandals were widely reported in 2013. In some cases, convictions brought closure to victims after years
Dr. Phil Won't Pay In Defamation Case Over Natalee Holloway. READ THE COURT RULING
Richard Eldredge, Drama Teacher, Accused Of Sexting With Student. The Sacramento-area school district distributed a memo to parents about the alleged sex scandal, Place County Online reported
Town Mayor's Son Shot Dead In Christmas Home Invasion. Just before midnight on Christmas Eve, Gareth Long woke to a noise outside his bedroom door. He got out of bed, grabbed a
5 Shot, 3 Dead In Christmas Shooting Outside New Jersey Go-Go Bar. The burst of violence took place around 12:45 a.m at Slick's GoGo Bar and Slick's Tavern in Irvington, The Star-Ledger reports
Volunteer Firefighter Unknowingly Pulls Dying Daughter From Wreckage On Christmas Eve. \You grieve and then you try to put it all back together,\ Whitcomb told the paper. The other two drivers weren't injured
10 Holiday Home Security Checklist Tips. You can have peace of mind while away from home during the holidays by implementing the following home security tips.
Paul Anthony Lajeunesse Breaks Baby's Leg For Interrupting Video Game. A 20-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly breaking a four-week-old baby boy's leg while changing a diaper. Lajeunesse
Santa Claus Shot With Pellet Gun At Toy Giveaway In D.C. (VIDEO). Police told ABC7 they are still investigating and believe the shots came from a second story window in a nearby building
Man Killed While Hanging Holiday Lights Was Planning 'Winter Wonderland' Proposal. They didn't see him die. Byrnes asked to decorate Schrama's home since it sits on Walnut Avenue where the cars pass. He rented
Megan Michelle Snipes, School Psychologist, Charged With Sexual Battery Of Student. Police arrested Snipes on Friday. A high school psychologist is accused of engaging in sexual acts with a 16-year-old pupil
Arnold Darby Is Legendary Inmate Cobbler Whose Boots Were Popular With Cops. The 23rd time was the charm and Darby was paroled - with the fund was mostly depleted, he said. The Texas parole board said
Jeremiah Oliver, Missing Boy, Was Supposed To Get Regular Social Worker Visits. Jose Oliver, Jeremiah's biological father, told the Sentinel & Enterprise that he hasn't seen his son in years because of
Kathlyn Regina Huff Arrested After 36 Years On The Run (VIDEO). Huff's arrest closed what was the oldest open case in the Lone Star Fugitive Task Force's cold case unit, reports ABC News
Drug Court Judge Gisele Pollack Enters Rehab After Erratic Behavior At Work. On Tuesday, she abruptly adjourned the misdemeanor drug court that she founded after being in session for only 90 minutes
James Holmes, Accused Aurora Theater Shooter, Is Competent For Trial. By Keith Coffman It was not immediately clear when a trial would begin for Holmes, or whether he would continue to be viewed
The Family That Burgles Together. Both Browns were arrested Dec. 7. Both have since been released after posting a $20,000 bond, police said. Police said at
Brandy Lee Rose Devine, Mom Who Let Baby Starve During Meth Binge, Gets 15 Years For Child's Death. Carpenter also noted that the baby's abdomen was so caved in that her spine was nearly visible, and said the child hadn't
Claire Davis, Arapahoe High School Student, Fighting For Life After Shooting (UPDATED). The rampage lasted only 80 seconds. Pierson was found dead inside the school of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound
Please Excuse Davontaye, He Suffers From Povertenza. This defense obviously doesn't work for black and poor youth. Yet, news outlets are spiraling about 16-year-old Ethan Couch who caused the deaths of four people by drunk driving. His defense was that he suffered from \Affluenza\ -- a disorder that only the affluent have.
Karl Pierson ID'd As Arapahoe High School Shooting Suspect. Authorities have identified 18-year-old Karl Pierson as the student who allegedly opened fire at Arapahoe High School in
Couple Arrested In Massive Jamaican Lottery Scam. Jamaican has been trying to crack down on a local multimillion-dollar lottery scam targeting mostly elderly Americans out
'Knockout Game' Is A Fabricated Trend, Victim James Addlespurger Says (VIDEO). Addlespurger says the security footage has been used to identify the supposed \trend\ -- and it's played on TV news shows
Missing 5-Month-Old Jaxon Smith Found; Mother Arrested, Father Still At Large. \She's scared, she's terrified ... and she knows she's blown it, but she is willing to go to treatment if she can just have
10 Surprising Ways to Fight Crime. Though they may run counter to conventional wisdom, these 10 research-backed policy ideas could reduce crime in the United States. Here's how -- and why.
Size of Rebuild at Orleans Parish Prison Is Scrutinized. The jail's giant, new high-tech kitchen can serve between 25,000 to 30,000 meals a day--far more than three squares meals needed for nearly 2,400 inmates now. Meanwhile, the Phase II jail will be able to house 1,438 inmates.
Man On Fire Runs Into Church; Pastor Killed In Blaze. The fire ultimately caused damage to the rectory of the Ocean City church, but did not seriously damage the sanctuary, according
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, Boston Bombing Suspect, Has Life Or Death Resting In Attorney General. He is accused of killing three people and injuring hundreds more in a bombing that shook Boston and the nation. Only 33 percent
Robbery Suspect Dead In Apparent Suicide After 5-Hour Standoff. A robbery suspect in Southern California has taken his own life after a standoff with police that lasted nearly six hours
Mafia Boss Was Alive When He Was Fed To Pigs, Police Say. Raccosta's horrific murder was said by officials to be a revenge killing
Jodi Arias Talked Of Killing Prosecutor, Ex-Cellmate Says. \She asked me questions like 'why doesn't Juan Martinez love me?' And I'm like, love you? He's your prosecutor, he's there
From Death Row to Restorative Justice. Restorative justice is a system that fundamentally views crime as injury rather than wrong-doing, and justice as healing rather than punishment. Whilst visiting New York, Minneapolis, Hawaii and Texas I've uncovered some remarkable US-based programs that bear this out.
2 Men Arrested In Stabbing Over Walmart Parking Space In Virginia. The Post-Standard highlights several examples, including a Star Ledger report of a man who was pepper sprayed by police after
DNA and Death Row. In this time of economic strain anyone who doesn't look at ways to cut their personal or business budget is just not being responsible. Same goes for the justice system.
Youth Offenders In Michigan Serving Life Should Have Chance At Parole, Judge Says. Edwards also said the state should set up a thorough parole review process. The state had argued the Supreme Court's rulings
Thanksgiving for Rep. Trey Radel. Last week U.S. Rep. Trey Radel (R-Fla.) pleaded guilty to cocaine possession. While this is likely not an easy time for the congressman, let us be clear
Cyber Monday Launches Black Hat Shopping Season. Websites
Remembering Our Family Members and Friends Behind Bars During the Holidays. With a very heavy heart, as a mother and advocate for drug policy reform, I wish other mothers and fathers who are victims of the drug war a \happy\ holidays -- but can one truly have a \happy\ holidays when there's an empty chair at the family table?
Roberto Venegas Fernandez, Inmate, Brutally Killed Cell Mate To Stay In Prison. Sheriff Paul Babeu said Fernandez choked, then stomped McNaughton to death, according to the Associated Press. Although investigators
Sally Ann Okuly Killed By Car On Her First Walk After Motorcycle Crash. \She was the most giving person ever,\ said Bill Okuly, who was a member of the Rolling Thunder motorcycle club with his
Things to Consider Before Litigating. As you can see, decisions rendered in court are not based on all of the evidence -- just all of the legally admissible evidence
2 Killed At Yemeni Wedding After Man's AK-47 Misfires While Dancing To 'Gangnam Style'. Celebratory gunfire is rather common among revelers in the country. According to the Yemen Times, wedding guests shoot live
David Adam Pate Charged With Murder Of South Carolina Man After Body Found In Woods. Pate, who was arrested for disorderly conduct Nov. 11, has been held in jail since then. He was charged with James' murder
Tulsa Shooting. Anyone with more information about the shooting can call detectives on the Homicide Tip Line at 918-798-8477 or send an email
Minister Set Fire To Own Home, Then Lied To FBI About Staged Hate Crime. Olander Cuthrell, 41, a former minister of music at Gospel Shepherd Baptist Church, appeared briefly before U.S. Magistrate
Savanna Harris Todd, American Girl Kidnapped By Mom, Found In Australia After 19-Year Search. Todd was living a \u201csafe, healthy and otherwise living a normal life\u201d in Queensland, U.S. Attorney Bill Nettles said in a
Seminary School Knew Of Pastor Ray Scott Teet's Sexual Misbehavior, Did Nothing. Teets, 66, was arrested in Pennsylvania Thursday and charged with unlawful restraint, corruption of minors, unlawful contact
Fake Cop Pulls Woman Over, Rapes Her In Car. This is the most recent sexual assault -- involving an alleged police impersonator -- to be reported in Texas. Investigators
Crystal Mangum, Duke Lacrosse Rape Accuser, Found Guilty In Boyfriend's Murder. But according to ABC 11 News, prosecutors argued that the woman, who has a \history of physical violence toward boyfriends
Knockout Game Attacks Leave Unsuspecting Victims Unconscious For No Reason. The unsuspecting 27-year-old victim was walking in the Columbia Heights neighborhood around 10 p.m., Thursday, when a group
Child Found Handcuffed To Porch With Dead Chicken Around His Neck. \I can assure you that we have only just begun our investigation into what has happened, and we will pursue it to its fullest
Chad Palmer, Georgia Deputy Sheriff, Suspended After Dressing In Blackface With Inmate Stripes. Deputy Sheriff Chad Palmer was suspended without pay over this photo. Palmer's face and arms are painted in the photo, and
Police Pursue Person Of Interest In 42-Year-Old 'Valentine's Day Killings' Cold Case. Authorities won't name the man they want to speak to, but they could be close to solving what was dubbed the \Valentine's
Another Reason to Avoid Nursing Homes. Is there liability on the part of a nursing home when one resident harms another
George Stinney, Black Teen Executed In 1944, May Get New Trial. George Stinney was convicted on a shaky confession in a segregated society that wanted revenge for the beating deaths of
Bikers Involved In Alleged SUV Brawl Indicted By NYC Grand Jury. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 A grand jury has indicted 11 bikers, including an undercover New York City police detective, on various charges
Kathryn Stalbaum Found Safe In Chicago. The teen's family has been notified and her community is relieved that the teen is safe. \This was very heartbreaking for
Lawrence E. \u2018Shine' Thornton Killed. The Associated Press reports that the four individuals accused in Thornton's death are being held without bond. Each of the
Michael Wayne Ford Set Fire To A Box Of Cats, Killing All 12. Beckley, Bluefield Ford's wife said she saw him burning the box, but didn't know it was filled with kittens and full-grown
Women At Puyallup Jail Say They Were Groped, Forced To Undress In Front Of Camera. In August, 11 women and one man who say they were filmed by a surveillance camera while undressing and using the toilet at
Tony Molchak Shot His Wife While Fighting His Ex's Boyfriend (RAW VIDEO). \I've got the gun now,\ Molchak says in the video. But once he retrieves it, he accidentally discharges the weapon, shooting
2-Year-Old Dead After Accidentally Shooting Herself With Handgun. Police said the girl, who was nicknamed \Coco,\ found a loaded handgun and that it discharged, local NBC affiliate WNCN-TV
Sasha Hunt Stuffed A Sock In Her Baby Son's Mouth And Left Him To Die. Sadly, it appears this incident is not the first time Hunt had tried to hurt her baby. According to police, on Oct. 13, Sasha
Elias Acevedo, Neighbor Of Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro, Indicted For Murders, Rapes. That month, Acevedo was charged with a 1993 rape he allegedly committed in the same area where Pemberton's body was found
This Is What You Find When You Raid A 'Career Criminal's' House. When officials raided a house in Detroit, they stumbled on quite a haul. Wayne County Sheriff's deputies and Bureau of Alcohol
Jesse James Dillen Robbed Elderly Man While Mom Drove Getaway Car. At first, Negron denied any involvement but later told investigators that Dillen ran up to the SUV with a wallet after robbing
Christopher Kloman, Ex-Teacher, Sentenced To 43 Years In Prison For Sexual Abuse Of Students. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t my intention to be hurtful. I violated their trust,\ Kloman said Friday, according to WJLA. I am embarrassed, horrified
Philly Stop And Frisk Video Shows How Bad This Tactic Can Be. Watch the video above and let us know what you think in the comments section. As the controversy over stop-and-frisk heats
Elizabeth Smart Returns To Utah Woods Where She Was Held Captive 9 Months (VIDEO). In the interview, Smart recalls her first time at the site, where she was met by a strange woman in long linen robes ordering
'Molly' Is Taking A Party Toll in the United States. The drug is accessible and marketed to recreational drug users who believe it to be less dangerous than its predecessor, which
Gambling Pro Archie Karas Charged With Defrauding Casino. But authorities said Karas has been accused of cheating before. The marks gave Karas an unfair advantage by helping him identify
W. Jeffrey Paulish, Catholic Priest, Caught With Pantless 15-Year-Old In Pennsylvania. Diocesan officials are asking that anyone who may have been sexually abused by Paulish contact local law enforcement. Paulish
1.3 Tons Of Cocaine Seized On Air France Flight. Meanwhile, another cocaine investigation was wrapping up on the ground. Cops seized another 881 pounds of cocaine from a
Christopher Swanson, Former Pennsylvania Teacher, Allegedly Put Suicide Note Online. Christopher Swanson, 41, was found dead early Friday in front of a fountain on the Mercyhurst University Campus in Erie. He
Marlon Brown's Family Releases GRAPHIC VIDEO Of Florida Officer Running Him Over. \My children, Marlon\u2019s family \u2014 we\u2019re very disappointed,\ the victim\u2019s ex-wife, Krystal Brown, told the New York Daily News
Caleb And Joshua Bledsoe, Twin Brothers, Accused Of Trying To Kill Their Father. The fire was eventually brought under control with the initial investigation revealing the presence of improvised explosive
Wen Jones Beating. Wen Jones, a 43-year-old father of two, was leaving Juno Beach Park in Florida on May 19 when he noticed a pack of 20-year
Iowa Issues Gun Permits To The Blind, Allowing Them To Carry In Public. Iowans have always been able to carry a firearm in private, but a new law passed in 2011 extends that right to the public
Monroe Isadore, 107-Year-Old Man, Killed In Police Shootout. SWAT then released gas into the room, which police say caused Isadore to fire at officers. A SWAT entry team entered the
Cody Tanke, Man Who Lied About Kidnapping, Now Charged With Sexual Assault Of Minor. A man who faked his own kidnapping to extort money from his father is facing more charges after allegedly sexually assaulting
Kyron Horman Missing. Desiree Young called the effort \two solid days of searching\ as more than 100 volunteers around Portland hunted for clues
William Rambo, Wisconsin Man Accused Of Murdering Wife, Says He Is 'Worse Than Jodi Arias'. Arias, an Arizona woman convicted of murder in the brutal slaying of her boyfriend, currently awaits a re-trial of her sentencing
Kosciuszko Park Gang Rape. \Take accountability, step up, turn yourselves in so that way we could move forward,\ Cpl. Jamaine Crawford, of Wilmington
8-Year-Old Intentionally Shot And Killed Elderly Caregiver After Playing 'Grand Theft Auto'. WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports \Although a motive for the shooting is unknown at this time, investigators
Rayna Rison Cold Case Murder Solved, Ex-Boyfriend In Custody. \Parents, hug kids before you go out the door,\ father Bennie Rison said in 1993. \Believe me, you don't know how much I
James DiMaggio, Kidnapping Suspect, Killed On Anniversary Of Father's Suicide. The case is still under investigation. James DiMaggio's friend was worried the kidnapping suspect would kill himself on Saturday
Andrew Spanswick, Kidnapping Suspect James DiMaggio's Friend, Worries Of Suicide. On Friday, police found the car that belonged to DiMaggio while investigating a tip that two horseback riders had spotted
Cancer Fakers Ruin Everything (PHOTOS). View the slideshow below to find out what happened to these scammers. Many of the suspects we've written about (seen below
Liam Neeson Is Waking Us Up To The Painful Truth About Our Children That We Can't See. Liam Neeson on child abuse. Read more on upworthy.com
KGO-TV News Crew Robbed At Gunpoint In Oakland, California. A California news crew was robbed at gunpoint Friday while shooting a segment during broad daylight in West Oakland. The
Glenda Estell Arrested. Glenda Estell, 54, and her son, Derrick Estell, planned the July 28 escape from the Garland County Jail during phone calls
James 'Whitey' Bulger Will Give Up Fight For $822,000, If The Money Goes To Alleged Victims' Families. Michael Donahue and [Brian] Halloran were allegedly killed by Bulger and another man in 1982. Witnesses testified that Bulger
Some Thoughts on Ariel Castro, George Zimmerman and Ending Violence. Ariel Castro, who harvested three girls off of the street to enslave, rape and torture them for 10 years, was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years. Good riddance.  But, let's be clear, while Castro might seem psychotic, there is no shortage of cases with similarly staggering details.
\If He Really Stalked Her, Why Isn't She Crying?\. At a meeting in chambers with the judge and defense counsel, we discussed scheduling for the afternoon. The judge then looked at me and said words I'll never forget
Jeffery Closson, California Police Officer, Accused Of Sexual Battery In Mall Bathroom (VIDEO). Arden Fair Mall officials were alerted to the incident by the victim, a 22-year-old man with disabilities, according to local
James Lee Lyons, Florida Sex Offender, Arrested For Having Sex With Neighbor's Dog. A recently released registered sex offender was arrested once again on Friday after a neighbor grew worried that someone
5 Craziest Crimes Of The Week. Newser puts together a compilation of the 5 craziest crimes from the past week. Surprisingly, only 1 of the crimes was committed
Ryan Balletto, Patrick Pearmain Allegedly Kept 15-Year-Old Girl As Sex Slave On Marijuana Farm. Two men allegedly kept a 15-year-old sex slave in a toolbox and forced her to work on their Lake County, Calif. marijuana
George Zimmerman. It is now clear to me that Zimmerman's prosecution for shooting the unarmed black teenager would have unfolded in a dramatically different way if a series of decisions, large and small, had been made.
Quianna Tompkins, 6-Year-Old Girl, Shot During Family Memorial In Chicago. One person is in custody, but there may be other suspects. CORRECTION
Rosy Esparza Identified As Six Flags Roller Coaster Victim; Distraught Son Ran Onto Tracks. Esparza's son, clearly distraught, reportedly tried to run onto the tracks but workers escorted him off the ride. At about
Houston Captives UPDATE. It's unclear whether the women were living in the Texas home or being held against their will, the Houston Chronicle reports
Brooke Lynn Domel, Texas Teacher Accused Of Sex With Student, Formally Fired By School Board. Domel, a married mother of two small children, is accused of an inappropriate relationship between educator and student, a
Walter Renard Jones Charged In Houston Captives Case After 'Prison Room' Uncovered. The locked, converted garage that 31-year-old Walter Renard Jones allegedly forced the men to live in had no beds, no bathroom
Zimmerman Case Proves That the Left Was Right on Crime. If you want to fix the criminal justice system, stop using anecdotes to advance your theories about what's wrong. Stop fetishizing individual actors in individual cases. We're looking for what is exceptional in the Zimmerman verdict, when we should be looking for what's routine.
Puyallup, Washington, Teen Accused In Kidnap, Rape Of Girl, 7, 'Had To Get Rid Of Her'. KING 5 News reports
Zimmerman Verdict Exposes Deficiencies in U.S. Self-Defense Law. Those who believe George Zimmerman should have been found guilty, and those who believe the verdict was correct, share the same somber feeling that something is wrong. Zimmerman was morally wrong, but he prevailed in a legal sense.
Stolen Life. To be black in contemporary America is to wrestle with this history of cyclical mourning and cyclical anticipation. The racial pain of yesterday is never far enough behind us, while the redemptive promise of a better tomorrow always seems too far ahead of us.
Daphne Viola Webb Missing. The toddler was last seen wearing pink socks and an orange pajama set with pink hearts. Oakland police have said that Webb
To Those of You on Hunger Strike. For five days, 29,000 inmates in California's state prisons have refused all meals in the largest hunger strike and prison protest in state history. Your actions speak loudly. We can hear you. We know things must change.
An Education in Incarceration. It's time we as a society must decide whether or not the tools we use to protect us will eventually be our undoing.
Jessilyn Eisman Takes Car Keys From Drunk Driver Who Killed Friend. \u201cI wasn\u2019t just going to let someone leave that just killed my friend,\u201d the 16-year-old told the Des Moines Register. Moten
Anthony Mitchell Lawsuit. The animal was allegedly locked outside the home for hours without water, shade, or food on a day where temperatures reached
Murderabilia. Would you believe these collectors buy serial killer's autographed photos, artwork and handwritten letters sent to people outside prison walls?  Even an envelope bearing a handwritten return address commands a pretty penny.
Lac-Megantic Explosions, Fire Sparked By Train Derailment (PHOTOS, VIDEO). \It's terrible,\ Bedard said. \We've never seen anything like it. The Metro store, Dollarama, everything that was there is
Madeleine McCann Investigation Launched By Scotland Yard Slammed By Stephen Birch. \The question you need to ask is why are they not digging up a gravel driveway,\ Birch said to HuffPost in an email. \It
Mary Winston Death. Officials say the Tampa woman had been confined to the bed for three years with rheumatoid arthritis, and her bed sores were
7-Car Pile-Up In Georgia. A sixth driver is still in the hospital, but is expected to be charged with a DUI after being released, WSBTV reports. A
Death by Numbers. We are a civilized society, and the death penalty is barbaric and senseless and in so many cases. There is no question that those who kill should be accountable for their horrible actions.  And prison is that punishment.
Mount Marathon Race Tempered After Runner Michael LeMaitre's Disappearance. The course is only about 3 1/2 miles long, and there are longer and more difficult mountain races, but possibly none with
Robert Cole, Alleged Burglar, Gets Hog-Tied By Tulsa Homeowner. \That's just the type of person he is, you know? That's just the type of person he is. Business is business. 'I got to take
Independence Day. I head over to the Arthur Fiedler Footbridge, but it's closed off to pedestrian traffic. This upsets me. In the old days, I could enter the event at any point along the Charles River. No more. A single entrance has been established by Homeland Security.
Michael Dorman Pleads Guilty To Manslaughter Of Woman Whose Remains He Kept In Backpack. \u201cI am not pleading guilty out of guilt, but out of fear I won\u2019t get an unbiased or fair trial,\u201d Dorman said in a written
Felix Vail Indicted For Wife's Alleged Murder In 1962 As Possibly Oldest Serial Killer Case. A grand jury indicted a 73-year-old man on Thursday for the alleged murder of his first wife more than 50 years ago who he
Curtis Dressman Beating In Sound-Proof Jail Cell Will 'Probably' Cost Nashville $530,000. Curtis Dressman, a 23-year-old student at Xavier University in Cincinnati, sued the city and county government for the beating
Judge and Prosecutor Secretly Texting During Murder Trial. When a Broward jury convicted Omar Loureiro for murder and his judge sentenced him to death; neither he, his defense lawyers, nor the jury knew that the prosecutor and judge were secretly chatting and texting hundreds of times throughout the course of the trial.
Woodson Blase, Leander Police Officer, Shoots Dog While Serving Warrant At Wrong House. \u201cThis dog wasn't after him. This dog was just running up going, 'Hey what are you doing?' and they have a right to do that
Cherish Lily Perrywinkle Missing. Perrywinkle is described as a 4' 3\-tall, 60-pound, white girl with hazel eyes and brown hair. She was wearing an orange
Cherish Lily Perrywinkle Body Found. Police have not commented on the cause of Perrywinkle's death. CORRECTION
Dayton Air Show. More from the Associated Press
Ariel Castro Plea. Former school bus driver Ariel Castro was indicted on Friday on 329 criminal counts in connection with the imprisonment of
Lester And Petra Huffmire, Anaheim Couple, Allegedly Imprisoned Children In Mobile Home. Lester Huffmire and Petra Huffmire, both 41, were arraigned on Friday after two female relatives, aged 5 and 10, were found
Matt Roloff, Star Of 'Little People, Big World,' Speaks Out About Harassment, Death Threats. In October 2009, someone vandalized a sign on the Roloff property. The family heard gunshots and found that a sign advertising
Holly Fischer Missing. Fischer's parents own a condominium in West Jefferson, N.C., but neighbors told police they had not seen her and there were
Texas Shooting Spree Leaves 2 Dead, 5 Wounded. Authorities recovered an assault rifle, a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition from the suspect, who was said to
Jason Ellis, Bardstown Police Officer, Killed In An Apparent Ambush. He had not spoken to dispatchers and had apparently stopped to pick up debris that had been deliberately placed in the roadway
Grant Acord, Oregon School Bomb Suspect, Had 'Detailed Checklist. \That claim will be demonstrated in the evidence we will provide,\ said Benton County district attorney John Haroldson, whose
Missing Person Searches. HuffPost Crime thanks Tanay Tewani for translating research materials for this article. \u201cIt saddens me to learn that the
Sacramento Police Investigating After Suspect Dies In Custody, Bystander Records Encounter (GRAPHIC VIDEO). A tweet from the Sacramento Police confirms the suspect died while in custody
Chicago Teens Accused Of Gang-Raping Girl, Posting Video To Facebook, Will Be Tried As Adults. Three Chicago teens accused of gang-raping a 12-year-old girl at gunpoint and posting the video to Facebook will face charges
Armando Torres, Marine, Kidnapped By Armed Men In Mexico. Citing numbers from Mexico's Federal Police, Mexican newspaper El Universal wrote that 1,093 kidnappings were reported in
Patrice Sanders, Florida Bus Driver, Allegedly Forced Students To Fight In Her Backyard (VIDEO). After the girls stopped fighting, Sanders ordered all the students back on the bus, where the teens fought again, the police
Mother's Day Parade Shooting. While [New Orleans Police Department Superintendent Ron] Serpas said there were about 300 to 400 people in the Mother's Day
David Beckman Sexually Abused Peacock. In February, Andrew Mendoza pleaded guilty to public lewdness and criminal trespassing for trying to make a baby with his
Moving? Beware the Criminal Element. Apparently, Spring is a traditional time when many decide to pick up and start fresh somewhere new.In fact, the month of May is National Moving Month and crooks have already marked it on their calendar.
Michelle Knight May Need Facial Reconstruction Surgery, Grandmother Says. Knight was 20 when she disappeared in August 2002. Amanda Berry went missing at age 16 in 2003 and Gina DeJesus went missing
Toni Enclade Struggles Through Mother's Day With Memories Of Her Missing Child, Terrilynn Monette. Mel Hughes, whose girlfriend is Enclade's other daughter, said that Monette called her family in California nearly every
Willie Manning, Mississippi Death Row Inmate, Denied DNA Test; Execution Set For Tuesday. According to the Jackson Free Press
Burying Mass Murderers. After a person dies, we clearly need to make decisions regarding final disposition, for public health reasons as well as closure for the family and community.  But what happens when the remains are those of a person believed to have committed a horrific, recent crime?
DNA Forensic Error and the Execution of Innocents. Willie Manning is scheduled to die by lethal injection on Tuesday for the 1992 kidnapping and murder of two white college students. No physical evidence has ever linked Manning to the crime. And the Justice Department has just come clean that the FBI's forensic analysis implicating Manning was invalid.
Palm Beach Polo Mogul's Conviction Overturned. One of the country's most bizarre criminal cases took another twisted turn on Friday when a Florida judge threw out John Goodman's DUI manslaughter conviction for the death of Scott Wilson.
JODI ARIAS VERDICT WATCH. The veteran prosecutor said there is no evidence to support self-defense in Alexander's slaying. He pointed to the killing
Carnell Moore, Houston Airport Shooter, Left 'Monster Within Me' Suicide Note. \'Here in the last hour, I yield to mercy when this could have turned bad,'\ Moore said in the signed note, according to
A Lesson of the Boston Bombings. The lack of reference to American historical precedent over the last two centuries, which is replete with similar instances of mass violence and bombings resulting from unabated reverence for political and/or religious teachings, incorrectly builds the significance of the Boston bombings.
Boston Marathon Bombing Suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Under Guard, Awaits Charges. Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, died after a gunfight three nights later with police on the streets of Watertown, the Boston suburb
You Are Truly Boston Strong. They say that adversity is the true test of character. Well, what happened last week was much, much more than an adversity. Yet it demonstrated that the people of Boston and its surroundings sure know how to step up when called upon; and they did so with enormous courage and dignity.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Remains In Serious Condition, May Have Suffered Throat Injury. During the impromptu interview outside Fenway Park Saturday, Patrick added that Tsarnaev will need time to recover before
Abdella Ahmad Tounisi, U.S. Teenager, Arrested Over Alleged Al Qaeda Links. Daoud was indicted on two counts of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction and maliciously attempting to use an explosive
Cain and Abel and the Boston Brothers. Rather than hating the bomber, it seems better to me that we should love the lesson about choice that he so painfully teaches.
Remarkable Boston. While I may have left my heart in San Francisco, this week I found my heart in Boston in the courage and love that showed up in countless ways in the face of terror and violence that occurred on Marathon Monday and the days that followed.
Boston Lockdown. The post 9/11 discrimination against Muslims has already started again, and it will only get worse. The only way that we as a country will be able to get over this is by standing together. We are all American.
24 hours Locked Down in Watertown. The last 24 hours have been surreal. While I have had more than enough time to wrap my mind around this situation at hand, I still feel as though I am living in a slight haze.
Boston Manhunt. Armed with handguns, rifles and at least six bombs -- some of which were hurled at officers from the stolen vehicle -- the
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Captured. CLICK HERE for live updates Soon after the FBI released photos and videos of the young men at the Boston Marathon, Suspect
What Rights Should Terrorists Have?. I recognize, as a lawyer, that when you infringe the rights of one citizen you threaten the rights of all citizens. But #2 arguably abandoned and disavowed those rights when he (allegedly) declared war against his people and his country.
Who Did This to Us?. From the very first Facebook friend post -- \omg explosions at the Marathon\ -- I knew that something big, even huge, was upon us here in Boston and upon me. Little did I then guess how big. Or how damaging.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Ambulance PHOTO. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was reportedly clinging to life after he was surrounded and apprehended in a Watertown back yard. He
Understanding the Tsarnaev Brothers. Over the next few days we will learn more about Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, from their childhood in Central Asia and their arrival to America up to the last days before and after their alleged attack against the Boston Marathon.
Watertown Boat Owner David Henneberry Spotted Bombing Suspect, Called Police. Henneberry tipped off police, leading to the eventual capture of Tsarnaev Friday night. David Henneberry may not have tried
Boston Bombing Suspect Under FBI Surveillance For At Least 3 Years, Mother Says. \He (Tamerlan) was 'controlled' by the FBI, like, for three to five years,\ she said, speaking in English and using the direct
Watertown Perspective. I take for granted how wonderful it is to live in a country where, on the average day, I do not fear for my life. I know not all Americans have that luxury. But ever since 9/11 and the upswing in mass shootings, I've been uneasy. This week has been a wakeup call that we are never truly safe.
Marijuana Blamed for Dzhokhar's Alleged Boston Bombings. Let's see, there are 26.1 million annual tokers, 17 million monthly tokers, and 2 million daily tokers in America. Two of them are alleged terrorists. That's literally, at best, a one-in-a-million risk.
We're Free. As I'm writing this, the surviving suspect is being carted off to the hospital under police escort.We're free. We're proof that being free is not the end of the world. It's the end of his world.
Zoe Brown, Abandoned Toddler In South Carolina, Identified Solving 'Little Jane Doe' Mystery. The mystery of 'little Jane Doe,' a 4-year-old girl who was abandoned on a doorstep late Tuesday evening, has been solved
Joshua Hakken, Suspected Kidnapper, May Have Taken Sons To Sea In Sailboat. Authorities revealed on Friday that they expanded their search for Hakken and his wife Sharyn to the waters, NBC Miami reported
Brent Christensen, Trent Christensen And Yavette Carter Fatally Shot At Idaho Pit Bull Business. A man who went to the house to buy a dog told authorities about the deaths on Friday afternoon, Semrad said, adding that
James Holmes, Aurora Movie Theater Shooter, Will Soon Know Whether He Faces The Death Penalty. A prosecutor might say that such a case is \u201cin the interest of justice,\u201d Tierney, a former Maine attorney general, told HuffPost
Survey. My goal was to attract 1000 respondents to establish a credible level of confidence in the accuracy of the results. However, after one day of people sharing the links via social media and the Huffpost article, the numbers began to swell at a rate of 100 respondents per hour.
Girl Suspended For Bringing Butter Knife To School, To Cut A Pear. A Massachusetts middle school vice principal suspended a student Wednesday for the grave offense of bringing a knife to school
Ruth Amen Arrested For Embezzling After Giving Boss A Surprise Birthday Party (VIDEO). The alleged fraud began in January 2006, and ended in mid-2012, the Boca Beacon reports. When Ruth Amen gave her boss a surprise
Teen Fatally Shoots Brother. Police determined that the shooting was an accident. Neither brother has been named. It is unclear where the teen got the
Mental Illness and Racist Prison Ties Yield Clues to Fatal Rampages. While some are plausibly speculating that the murder of Tom Clements was possibly a direct organized hit by a violent gang, the 211 Crew's role could also have been a more nuanced one, of creating a violent lone wolf, from an unstable youth, who would later act on his own against a list of shared perceived enemies.
Steubenville Rape Trial Verdict To Be Handed Down Today. Defense attorney Walter Madison countered by highlighting inconsistencies in the accounts of various witnesses, one of whom
Steubenville Rape Trial Verdict. Trent Mays and Ma'lik Richmond had been accused of sexually assaulting a female acquaintance while she was severely intoxicated
Charlie Blackmore, Wisconsin Marine Corps Veteran, Draws Gun On Suspect In Beating (VIDEO). The suspect, identified as 43-year-old Kenneth Harris, is charged with substantial battery and could face up to three and
Voices From Solitary. The following essay is by William Blake, who has been held in solitary confinement for nearly\u00a026 years. Read more on Solitary
Jason Wymer Arrested On Child Porn Charges After Receiving Accidental Text. In October, a similar five-day sting operation -- also in Florida -- netted 23 arrests. In this operation, sheriff's deputies
Troy Williams Arrested For Aggravated Rape In 27-Year-Old Cold Case. The revelation that Williams may have committed the crime -- in which a woman was held at gunpoint and sexually assaulted
MIT Gunman. A man with a long rifle and body armor was reportedly spotted in a building at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Angela Nolen, Kindergarten Teacher, Allegedly Hires Hit Man To Kill Ex-Husband In Virginia. Strickler and Nolen have a 7-year-old adopted daughter, though it's unclear what effect the incident will have on custody
Robert And Christina Forbes Arrested After Cockroach Found In Son's Ear At Florida School (VIDEO). Police said the child reeked of cat urine, and wore the same pull-ups to school on multiple occasions. They allege that the
Robert Saylor's Death Ruled A Homicide. Frederick County State's Attorney Charlie Smith said his office is reviewing the incident and has not decided whether to
Brothers Blow Up House Celebrating Lottery Win In Kansas. From the Wichita Eagle
Ramzi Yousef, 1993 World Trade Center Bombing Culprit, Sues To Get Out Of Solitary Confinement. Federal prison officials isolated Yousef because they deemed him to be a threat to national security even inside the maximum
Sarai Sierra Shown In Surveillance Images In Istanbul While Turkish Police Question Suspect's Siblings (PHOTOS). A blow to the head killed Sierra, who'd also visited Amsterdam and Munich as part of her two-week trip to pursue her interest
The 15 Most Bizarre Moments From The Jodi Arias Trial (So Far). Read on to read Jodi Arias' most bizarre statements
Nedra Byrd Arrested After 10-Year Old Son Found, Naked, Drunk On Florida Streets. Authorities found the boy's mother passed out in her home, according to the Hernando County Sheriff's Office. Fox6Now reported
Joe Rickey Hundley, Delta Passenger Accused Of Slapping Toddler, Faces Charges (VIDEO). Hundley has been charged with simple assault within maritime and territorial jurisdiction. Her son has become \apprehensive
Barbara Nantais And Claire Hough Cold Cases Reopened With San Diego Police Ordering DNA Tests. Natais was found spread-eagled, naked, beaten and strangled near a lifeguard's stand. Sand was in her mouth and the murderer
Chris Kyle Dead. Chris Kyle, a former Navy SEAL who wrote the best-selling book American Sniper about his service in Iraq, was shot and killed
Open Up DNA Databases to All. Over the last decade there have been dozens of reported cases where an attorney has dug deep into the case file and found untested DNA that could exonerate their client. But often when they return to court to ask for the right to test the new evidence they are told judges don't have the power to force prosecutors to re-test.
Teen Arrested For Impersonating Doctor In Australia. In another crazy case of \Catch Me If You Can,\ 18-year-old Matthew Scheidt was arrested in September for impersonating a
Leah Shipman, Ex-Teacher, Marries North Carolina Student She Was Accused Of Having Sex With. The marriage became publicized now, because Shipman pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of resisting arrest last month, the
Baileigh Karam Reunited With Parents Days After Video Of Fight Posted To Facebook. Karam vanished that day, although she exchanged text messages with her mother that said she wanted to be alone, KFMB reported
Cassandra Elfers, Middle School Volleyball Coach, Charged With Sex Abuse Of Student. Elfers' attorney Eric Deters told ABC 9 On Your Side that Elfers did not have sex with the student. He noted that Elfers
Kelly Suckla Fatally Shot Estranged Wife Kristi Suckla And Self At Daughter's Sweet 16. An argument turned the celebration into a tragedy as Kelly Suckla, 43, allegedly killed Kristi Suckla, 44, near the front
It's the Guns, Stupid!. Although we should applaud the president's and vice president's intention to throw the kitchen sink at gun violence, there is a real danger in a lack of laser focus on sweeping bans of all assault weaponry.
Christian Oberender, Convicted Killer, Gets Gun Permit And Buys Arsenal Of Weapons. \The BCA relies on entities in the criminal justice system to provide data on an individual which then populates the individual's
MLK Day Shooting In New Orleans Breaks Out Moments After Parade Passes. Police expect to release surveillance footage of the incident. Five people suffered non-fatal injuries in the incident, according
Las Vegas Soccer Field Shooting Injures 2 Women. The women were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries, it added. A Las Vegas police spokesman did not immediately
Mark Strong Sr. Had Relationship With Alexis Wright, Business Partner In Zumba Prostitution Case. Strong's remarks were broadcast the same day closed-door negotiations between his lawyers and prosecutors broke down without
Kerri Dalton Attacked In N.J. Bed Bath & Beyond; Tyrik Haynes, Alleged Cat Torturer, Accused Of Attempted Murder. The cat, which Haynes allegedly purchased online, died on Christmas Eve in the woods. In April, Haynes turns 19, the N.J
Animal Hoarding In Huber Heights. Between 100 and 150 more pigeons, housed outside of the home, have not been removed. Jessica Garringer, spokeswoman for the
Tina Alberson Guilty Of Causing Stepson Jonathan James' Dehydration Death. The jury will return next week to decide a sentence of anywhere from five years to life behind bars, KTVT reported. If it
Safety Off.... 
James Holmes Preliminary Hearing. The public will soon get its first look at the evidence against Aurora theater shooting suspect James Holmes. \He was really
Aurora Hostage Situation. More from the Associated Press
Rape Has a Purpose. Our attempts to pursue equality and opportunity are inhibited, not only by actual rape, but by people's malevolent tolerance for it. Rape is useful, even the rape of boys and men
Jodi Arias Crime Scene Photos (GRAPHIC). MORE PHOTOS
Steubenville Rape Case. \I'm not going to stand here and try to convince you that I'm not the bad guy,\ he said to a chorus of boos. \You've already
Lead Causes Violent Crime, Research Says. Exposure to lead has also been shown to damage brain function. \Ten years ago it was an intriguing idea, but the evidence
Newtown Shooting Lawsuit. Pinsky said last week he was approached by the child's parents within a week of the shooting. The survivor, referred to as
Sacramento New Year's Eve Shooting. Police arrested a 22-year-old suspect who allegedly opened fire during an argument inside a bar in Old Sacramento, CBS reported
No Shortage Of Gun Violence At Start Of New Year. Several slayings marred the New Year's revelry in many of the nation's cities. The count of the dead has not yet been fully
Newtown Christmas Pageant Goes On Without Two Of Its Children. One by one, the minivans rolled into the parking lot, booster seats in the back filled with bright-eyed, eager children. The
Army Soldier Found Dead In Barracks On Alaska Military Base. The soldier appeared to have died from a gunshot wound, according to the three-sentence statement (PDF) from Lt. Col. William
Michael Chiapperini, Webster Volunteer Shot Dead On Christmas Eve, Was 'Firefighter Of The Year'. But authorities say there's no doubt about the quality of the people he killed on Christmas Eve. A gunman -- later identified
4 Firefighters Shot, 2 Killed At Webster, New York Fire Scene; Shooter Dead (UPDATE). Police secured the area by 10 a.m. and firefighters started combating the blaze, which spread to four houses, according to
Webster Shooting. The shooter has been identified as William Spengler, 62, a convicted murderer, who spent 17 years in prison for killing his
Consider the Messenger. I'm not sure why, but I expected more from the NRA on Friday. I anticipated a more conciliatory attitude, a more constructive tone. I thought maybe, finally, the NRA would consider reasonable measures to limit the number and type of guns that find their way into the hands of dangerous people.
Ryan Lanza Facebook Chat A Hoax, Says Lanza Family (UPDATED). Editor's Note
NRA Chief Struggles to Live With Himself. National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre admitted he has \been feeling a strange and vague sense of responsibility, and having trouble sleeping through the night.\
Postal. Much like slave rebellions, mass shootings aren't rational acts, but personal mutinies against a society that doesn't make sense, a culture in which people feel alienated and alone.
Top 10 Stun Gun Stories Of 2012. There were no shortage of surprising, headline-grabbing stun gun stories in 2012. Whether they were alleged jaywalkers, small
Newtown Victim Funerals. A grieving community will lay the final victims of the Sandy Hook shooting to rest this weekend. Josephine \Joey\ Grace Gay
Archie Bunker on Gun Control. With everyone in our world talking about guns and America, I woke up this morning to find an All in the Family clip on YouTube that we produced over 30 years ago that has Archie Bunker on a local news channel doing an editorial on gun control.
School Gunman's Downward Spiral. After Christmas 2010, Adam Lanza had no contact with his older brother, Ryan, who had moved away for a job in New York City
Sonia Blanchette Accused Of Killing Children. Authorities are still investigating the circumstances of the children's death. \She frequently told me, 'I can't wait to
Luis Trinidad, Toddler, Found In Car Allegedly Stolen By Devon Mills, Connecticut Police Say. Mills allegedly told cops he swiped the car to teach the boy's father that he shouldn't leave his child unattended. Mills
Timothy Taylor, Shequita Cade, Georgia Parents, Allegedly Encouraged Daughter To Fight (VIDEO). READ MORE at WSBTV.com Two parents face criminal charges for allegedly encouraging their daughter to fight in a bus stop
Robert Caravella, Carol Hann Convicted Of Making Their 8-Year-Old Son Have Sex With His Mother. The Times Tribune reports that the boy testified on Thursday in Luzerne County, Penn. Court, that, when he was 7, his dad
Horrors Of Methamphetamines By Rehabs.com Shows Faces Ravaged By Alleged Drug Abuse (PHOTOS). \Adolescents are egocentric and they say it's not going to happen to me,\ Cimini said to HufPost. \Ads such as this when
Elizabeth Johnson, Mother Of Missing Baby Gabriel Johnson, Sentenced To 5 Years. Gabriel was last seen on Dec. 26, 2009, according to police. Johnson, 26, and McQueary shared joint custody. On Dec. 27, the
Beth Dickison Richards Allegedly Poisons Husband Gregory Lawrence Richards' Tuna Sandwich. She was also charged with possession of cannabis and possession of drug paraphernalia. Florida mail carrier Beth Dickison
Christopher Franklin Weaver Robs Bank Immediately After Release From Jail. He is now back in jail. Weaver walked out the door of the prison at about 11 a.m. on Thursday, headed to a bank a mile away
Robert Fryer Raped Girlfriend Naomi Hampson As She Slept, Took Photos. Fryer boasted to a friend about his acts in 2011, the Nottingham Post reported. The friend thought Fryer was joking, but
Man Tries To Break Into Judge's Office Twice (VIDEO). State Superior Court Judge Correale Stevens jokes that he can't understand why someone would want to break into his office
Todd Hoffner, Minnesota College Football Coach, Cleared Of Child Porn Charges. Just because charges have been dropped, however, doesn't mean Hoffner automatically gets his job back. University spokesman
Crystal Morrison Case. The disappearance of the mother of one remains a mystery, and as the holidays approach, her family finds the prospect of
Li Hao, Chinese Man Who Kept Sex Slaves In Homemade Dungeon, Sentenced To Death. The women, who had worked at nightclubs, karaoke bars and salons in the nearby area, were held for periods between two and
Adam Maguire Allegedly Burned Children With Cigarette To Teach Them To Meditate. A 28-year-old man from Maine allegedly burned two children with a lit cigarette in an attempt to teach them how to meditate
Karl Karlsen Arrested For Allegedly Murdering Son Levi Karlsen In 2008 In New York. Police in upstate New York arrested Karl Karlsen on Friday following a probe into his 23-year-old son's 2008 death, the Syracuse
Marshall Giles Jr. Arrested For Allegedly Killing Father With Ax In Texas. Police arrested a 19-year-old who allegedly attacked his sleeping father with an ax in their Texas home on Wednesday. Police
Newborn Remains Found In Attic Of La Plata, Maryland Home. The remains, which were stuffed inside a suitcase, were transported to the Chief Medical Examiner's office in Baltimore for
Stephanie Fletcher, Former Walton, N.Y. Teacher, Accused Of Having Sex With Students During Class Breaks. Both victims told police that Fletcher texted them naked and half-clothed photos of herself, and often performed oral sex
Black Friday 2012 Walmart Shooting. Police say officers responded to the shooting shortly after noon on Black Friday, one of the busiest shopping days of the
Frederick Hengl Pleads Not Guilty To Killing, Cooking Wife. It's believed Faris was killed sometime in November. Authorities have not yet determined how she died. Frederick Hengl looked
Cassidy Goodson, 14-Year-Old Mom, Describes Killing Her Newborn In Video Reenactment. It took about one minute for her child's breath to cease, Goodson said. \Its eyes weren\u2019t open but I felt to see if it was
Coty Beavers Murder. The Harris County Sheriff's office hasn't established a connection between the slayings, but is looking for leads, an official
FBI Fires Shots During Raid Of Maryland Home Of Emory Hughley. It's unclear what led them to believe she had a weapon. It's believed that one agent fired multiple times at the teen in
Jeffrey Pyne Trial. Jeffrey Pyne, now 22, stands accused of killing his mother by stabbing her 16 times in the neck and hitting her repeatedly
Leonel Contreras Guilty. Leonel Contreras was tried as an adult and will be sentenced Dec. 5, according to KFMB. Rodriguez's lawyer, Dana Feuling
Jay Connolly Allegedly Robs Woman Who Bailed Him Out Of Jail. Officials say it took about two hours for the woman to free herself from the laces. Police located Connolly and Dean at a
Lisa Holley, Allegedly Faked Daughter's Cancer And Pregnancy. According to The Associated Press, the teenage girl does not have cancer and lives with relatives in Seattle. An Idaho woman
Cesar Ruiz, Father, Accused Of Pouring Rum Into Baby Son's Feeding Tube. At first, Ruiz denied the accusations when confronted by deputies, but he then allegedly admitted he took an empty feeding
Hurricane Sandy Looting. On Monday in Philadelphia, a man rescued from a collapsed building was suspected of looting, according to NBC Philadelphia
John Thompson Sexually Assaults 7-Year-Old Girl, Says She Forced Him To Do It. The former brewery employee claimed that the young child \flirted\ with him before pushing him down and forcing her tongue
Jason Chidgey, Landlord, Hid Friend's Dead Body In Bar To Avoid Missing Weekend Business. According to court officials, Chidgey's efforts to conceal Howells' death and keep the pub open went beyond hiding his remains
Andrew Messina's Parents Talk About SWAT Team Killing Teen In Atlanta Suburb. \They brought an army to take out a 16-year-old boy. To kill a 16-year-old boy,\ said Nick Messina, the boy's dad, in an
Jonathan Holt, Whitney Heichel's Murder Suspect, Confessed To Having Child Porn. Police told ABC News that Jonathan Holt, 24, who's accused of sexually assaulting and shooting 21-year-old Whitney Heichel
Why Hasn't Lance Armstrong Been Prosecuted?. He has escaped one major pitfall -- he has not been criminally charged for obviously prosecutable crimes in what anti-doping officials have called \the most sophisticated doping program in history.\
Michael Bennett Gardner Demands Harsher Sentence As Recognition For Marijuana Grow Op. The court rejected the appeal. A man sentenced to 13 years in prison for growing one of the largest marijuana crops in Australia
Radcliffe Haughton. WTMJ describes Haughton as a 6-foot-1-inch tall, 270 pound African-American man with a bald head and brown eyes. During a
Brookfield Square Mall Shooting. Milwaukee County Sheriff's deputies released this photo of Haughton. More from the AP
Quee Chadwick's Body Positively Identified After Being Found In San Diego County Dumpster. For background on the story, view the report by KABC-TV featured above. Another source threw water on that alibi, telling
Oklahoma Girl Shoots Home Intruder. Police say the Calera 12-year-old used the family's gun to shoot and injure an alleged home invader on Wednesday, KFOR reports
Reconsidering Life Sentences for Juveniles Who Kill. Most adolescents understand intellectually that to kill another human being is wrong. That is precisely why we condemn it and punish those who commit it. But because of the lesser culpability or blameworthiness of young offenders, the punishment should not be as harsh as it is for adults.
Peter Chadwick, California Executive, Arrested On Suspicion Of Murdering Wife, Quee. A California businessman is in custody on suspicion of murdering his wife, who has been missing since Wednesday. The couple
Desperate Housewives. Anyone who's had the good fortune to spend a few days in this part of America's idyllic Northeastern coastline would likely acknowledge this as a pretty accurate description -- except they left out the bit about the Zumba-workout-gym-turned-prostitution-ring.
Casey Anthony Sued For $3 Billion. The lawsuit, acquired by RadarOnline.com and dubbed the \craziest lawsuit ever\ by gossip columnist Perez Hilton, reads
Princeton Harlan, 2 Other Teen Football Players Accused Of Raping Of 12-Year-Old Girl In Tennessee. Princeton Harlan, 18, star quarterback at Mt. Pleasant High School in Maury County, was arrested on Wednesday morning. The
Justin Kowalczik, 17-Month-Old, Found Dead, Buried In Long Island Backyard; Robert Rodriguez Eyed. An infant was found dead and buried in a Long Island backyard -- and his parents never reported him missing. Neighbors reportedly
Rickey Carr, Dallas Man, Accused Of Counterfeiting Scam To Steal $100,000 From Seniors (VIDEO). Carr is charged with theft by deception, a felony. Rickey Carr, 53, was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly convincing several
Victor Joseph Espinoza, 425-Pound Gang Member, Allegedly Tried To Kidnap Boy. KCAL reported that the abduction attempt happened in a well-lit park with many parents and soccer players around, and that
Christopher Hunt, Missouri Sheriff Deputy, Gets 5 Years In Prison For Burglary, Assault. In February 2009, Hunt and other officers assigned to the county's drug task force assisted in the arrest of Phillip Alberternst
Murderabilia Has Andy Kahan, Victim Advocate, Up In Arms. Hey, want to buy a serial killer's foot scrapings? Nevertheless, Kahan said he hopes these laws help curb another burgeoning
James Pepe, Florida High School Teacher, Arrested In Murder-For-Hire Scheme Against Rival Teacher. \u201cWhat do you want done with Bob Meredith?\u201d the friend asked. 'I want him killed,\u201d the man, who prosecutors say is Pepe, replied
'Speed Freak Killer' Wesley Shermantine Divulges Information About Murder Victims In California. Also in February, investigators recovered three more sets of remains tied to Shermantine from an abandoned well near a former
Antonio Barbeau, Nathan Paape Murder Great-Grandmother, Get Pizza. The two boys took jewelry, loose change and a purse from Olson's home, then stole her car and drove it to get pizza, the
James Holmes Text Messages Sent Before Shooting May Reveal Suspect's State Of Mind. The messages, released Friday upon request by multiple media organizations, were heavily redacted, according to USA Today
When the Justice System Fails. For young black men in Philadelphia, sometimes just walking down the street is all it takes to earn a two-month stint in jail.
Edna Viviana Ayala, Improperly Licensed Beautician, Gave Isabel Gonzalez Face-Deforming Injections. A Florida woman paid $890 for two rounds of what she believed were vitamin treatments. They weren't.
Bobbie Jo Curtis And Son Allegedly Beat And Rob Florida Man She Met On Songlesnet.com. Curtis, who has a long rap sheet, recently met the man on dating website Singlesnet.com. In just one week, the romance quickly
\La F\u00eate de l'Huma\ contre les saboteurs. Ce ne sont pas des \islamistes\ qui se sont d\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9s hier, mais des gauchistes pro-islamistes. Il y avait bien quelques \enfants\ naturels (j'entend politiques) de Tariq Ramadan, d\u00e9cid\u00e9ment tr\u00e8s amers. Mais surtout des gauchistes persuad\u00e9s que toute critique de l'islamisme est forc\u00e9ment raciste puisque dans leur monde binaire, digne du choc des civilisations, il y a le monde de l'Islam contre celui de l'Occident blanc.
Boy Scouts Face Release Of Damaging Child Sex Abuse Files. Mones said the allegations revealed in the Oregon case are not necessarily comparable to the Catholic Church's sex abuse
Jason Barnum Arraigned For Allegedly Shooting Officer At Anchorage Hotel. On Friday, after being discharged from the hospital, he appeared in court on the attempted murder charges. He had allegedly
How FBI Entrapment Is Inventing 'Terrorists'. The authorities couldn\u2019t have more effectively made the Occupy movement look like a danger to the republic if they had scripted
Kaelynne Paez Missing. Anyone with information about Kaelynne Paez\u2019s whereabouts is asked to call Imperial County investigators at 760-339-6324
Hannah Truelove Case. Few other details are available. Hall County Police say they've narrowed down the case to several persons of interest, but
Marcus Wellons, Convicted Murderer, Granted Appeal Over Penis-Shaped Chocolate Gifts. Appeals for Wellons were initially rejected by several courts. In 2010, however, the Supreme Court ordered a federal review
OJ Simpson's Attorney Tampered With Glove. Darden's remarks came after Dershowitz, a fellow panelist, called Darden's decision to have Simpson try on the glove for
Erica DePalo, Former 'Teacher Of The Year,' Allegedly Had Sexual Relationship With Student. DePalo was charged with first-degree aggravated sexual assault, second-degree sexual assault and endangering the welfare
Doris Thompson, 82-Year-Old Career Criminal, Arrested Again For Burglary. Doris Thompson's 20-page rap sheet dates back to 1955. The 82-year-old career criminal was arrested again late last month
Toddler's Karaoke Leads To Two Deaths. After a toddler refused to give up the mic at a karaoke parlor in Xi'an, China, a series of events lead to two men being
Gabrielle Swainson Suspect, Freddie Grant, Named Person Of Interest In Other Unsolved Cases. \He handed out flyers knowing all the while he was the one responsible for taking her,\ said Lott. \That makes me sick to
Phone Sex Is Not Prostitution, Italian Court Rules. Hat Tip
The Throwaways. On the evening of May 7, 2008, a twenty-three-year-old woman named Rachel Hoffman got into her silver Volvo sedan, put on
John Balentine, On Texas Death Row, Has Execution Delayed 3 Times. The Supreme Court halted the Texas execution last week to give it time to rule on arguments that Balentine had inadequate
Camden Police Department Will Be Eliminated And Replaced By Metro Department. The financial woes engulfing Camden that forced it to slash its police department have been a stubborn symptom of the city's
James Blanchard Sentenced To 15 Years For Abusing Newborn Son, Noah, In Idaho. Exactly what Blanchard did is unknown, but the emergency room doctor who examined Noah said it's consistent with shaken baby
Hui Gao, New Zealand's 'Accidental Millionaire' Sentenced To 5 Years In Prison (VIDEO). \I'm f**king rich,\ Gao reportedly told Hurring at the time and later told the police he'd won the lottery. The Australian
Carol Field, Grandmother, Pleads Guilty To Setting 18 Fires Across Maine. \She stated all her life she cared for everyone else and nobody cared about her or paid attention to her,\ Cumberland County
Tasha Harmon Allegedly Stabs 6-Year-Old Daughter, Who Tells Officer, 'Mommy Tried To Kill Me'. Harmon was taken to a hospital before she was led to jail. Court records reveal that she has a previous felony conviction
Ronnie Wynn, Alleged Car Thief, Caught On Tape Shooting Guns While Driving (VIDEO). KPTV - FOX 12 Wynn is locked up in the Clark County Jail and scheduled to go on trial on September 17. In addition, charges
Christian Hobbs Hid Beneath Trailer For Days, Recorded Child Porn Videos, Police Say. She bought the trailer from him five years ago this month... And just about two weeks ago, [she] hired Hobbs to do some work
Insane Clown Posse Suing FBI For Classifying Juggalos As A Gang. The FBI maintains, however, that subsets of the Juggalos \exhibit gang-like behavior and engage in criminal activity in violence
Kelly Armstrong Case. Grable said the family had pinned hopes on additional media coverage. People interested in helping search or donating funds
Michael Pollara, Margaret Pollara Accused Of Stealing $2 Million In Toys From Toys 'R' Us (VIDEO). \One of the things [Michael Pollara] would do was he would use a reward card,\ Rossman said. \Obviously, for his small-ticket
Steven Powell's Journals Reveal Sexual Obsession With Susan Powell. In the diaries, Steven acknowledges that his behavior \might be considered sociopathic\ questions his own normalcy. \I mean
Sikh Temple Shooting Pictures. According to the AP, at least 6 other people were killed and many others injured. Police said that they did not believe there
Wisconsin Shooting. The Indian embassy in Washington said it was in touch with the National Security Council about the shooting and an Indian
James Holmes Trial. \You don't have a presumption of sealing,\ said Jonathan Sherman, an attorney at the law firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner who
Wisconsin Shooting. Several people have been shot after a gunman opened fire on the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin, Patch reported. The incident occurred
Morgan Martin Missing. The man that Morgan says is the father has been interviewed by police, MyFox Tampa Bay reports. Morgan is 5-feet-2 and weighs
Phyllis Harvey, Philanthropist, Gave $490,000 While On Heavy Doses Of Drugs. Attorney Harland Braun, who has represented doctors in malpractice cases, said Bystritsky may raise a strong defense that
Gemere Amara, Seattle Grocer, Scares Off Armed Robber With Piece Of Wood (VIDEO). \We always say, do what you have to do to get out of a situation to make yourself safe,\ Renee Witt of the Seattle Police
Woman, 65, Singlehandedly Stops 5 Masked Thugs From Robbing Her Pawn Shop (VIDEO). During the robbery, one of the men hit Martins, a Portuguese immigrant, with the gun. But despite the laceration, she refused
Derek McGlone, Teacher, Tries To Get Out Of Work By Lying That He Ran Over And Killed A Girl With His Car. 42-year-old teacher Derek McGlone was well known at Calderhead High School in Scotland for making up stories to get out of
Life as a Prosecutor. Does the public ever know how many prosecutors have sat in their offices crying because they believed so much in a case and the jury said \not guilty\? That's the side of a prosecutor that nobody chooses to explore. That's the life that some of us lead.
Judicial Correction Services Kevin Egan Criticizes Judge Suspending Harpersville Probation. The contention that Harpersville and JCS sent the indigent to a so-called debtors prison is untrue, Egan said to HuffPost
Your Body Telegraphs Your Lies. What's the best advice to those facing a polygraph test?  \Let your body do what it does naturally.\
Alec Simchuk Arrested. Simchuk had already returned to his native country at the time of the birthday party sting. It is unclear what prompted his
Shadows. After 19 years these shadows still follow me. And I wasn't even there. But in an infinite number of imagined memories I was there. I process my own mortality all the time, constantly. My own death over and over. How does Bobby feel? How do the families of my former coworkers process this?
Teen Fights Mailbox While On LSD. \Report of a drunk male at the rec centre with no shirt and his pants around his ankle,\ they tweeted. \He should stand out
Denver Shootings Highlight Brady Campaign's Call for Stricter Gun Laws. Nearly half of all Americans -- 47 percent -- now own firearms. And the killer who gunned down moviegoers in Denver obtained all his weapons legally. Reasonable minds question if it's a good idea to introduce hundreds of millions of firearms into the general public.
Miguel Angel Silva, Adrian Angel Ramirez Charged In $15 Million Marijuana Farm Bust. All three men are being held without bond at Gilmer County Jail. The biggest find on Thursday, however, occurred when officials
Dead Dog Found In Oven. The woman also reported approximately $3,000 worth of jewelry stolen. Police believe the incident occurred sometime between
Mary Kristene Chapa, Shot In Head, Helping Police Find Suspect Who Killed Her Girlfriend. \She wants very badly to help us identify Mollie's murderer,\ Portland, Texas, Police Department Chief Randy Wright told
ACLU Police App Lets People Police The Police (VIDEO). The app is currently only good in New Jersey, where it is legal to tape police encounters, but other states may have different
Elric Shawn Millner Allegedly Raped Teen Girl And Her Boyfriend Found Video Evidence. The next morning, however, Millner allegedly showed her videos of himself and another man forcing her to perform sexual acts
David Lee Sinnett Accused Of Beating 2-Year-Old With Coat Hanger. Sinnett was charged with aggravated child abuse. He has 15 years of previous convictions, the Sentinel reports. Sinnett faces
Natalie Wood's Cause Of Death Changed From 'Accident' To 'Undetermined'. CORRECTION
Rodney Denk Charged With 1989 Murder Of 16-Year-Old Amy Weidner (VIDEO). \I feel sick to my stomach,\ the victim's mother Gloria Weidner told the paper. \I don\u2019t understand closure, but this doesn\u2019t
Luka Magnotta Case. \What was found is actually related to the 11th homicide on our territory -- that is, the Magnotta case,\ said Montreal Const
Edna Sue Pate Stole $97,000 From Grandson Christian Smith's College Trust Fund, Is On Lam, Cops Say. Determined to see justice served for his son, Thomas Smith is attempting to raise the money for the arrest himself. He has
Face Eating Attack In China. A woman has been hospitalized in China after a drunken bus driver allegedly attacked her and began gnawing on her face. Du
Billy The Kid's Tombstone Vandalized. According to Sweet, Billy the Kids original marker was shot up or stolen long ago and the tombstone he has now has been in
Arturo Gallegos Extradited From Mexico To U.S. For Alleged Killing Of Consulate Worker. Local authorities have said the gang ordered the killing on the northern border because the consular officer was thought
Ceaira Treen Brought 13-Year-Old Girl Into Sex Triangle With James Caudill, Ohio Cops Say. An Ohio woman was jailed Friday after allegedly luring a 13-year-old girl into a sexual relationship with her boyfriend's
Jerry Sandusky Guilty. BELLEFONTE, Pa. -- Jerry Sandusky entered the Centre County Courthouse Friday as one of the most celebrated figures in the
Guatemala Syphilis Study Lawsuit. The plaintiffs acknowledged that none of the defendants were personally involved in the study, but claimed that the defendants
Sandusky Verdict Reaction. BELLEFONTE, Pa. -- If convicted child molester Jerry Sandusky has any supporters left, they were noticeably absent from the
Jerry Sandusky On Suicide Watch After Guilty Verdict In Molestation Trial. Those close to him -- even his attorney -- were almost certain the man would be convicted. Sandusky was convicted Friday
Florida Bestiality Law. One man's unique case may have uncovered a loophole in Florida law that allows for certain forms of oral sex between humans
Joe Arpaio's Office Arrests 6-Year-Old Suspected Undocumented Immigrant. The Arizona Republic reports that the girl was with 15 other suspected undocumented immigrants who were traveling to the
Kyle Fortunato Impaled By Glass Climbing Through Window In Sacramento. The incident, however, was purely an accident, say investigators. A coroner has confirmed that the broken glass of the window
Bad Laws Make Bad Politics. You want to know exactly where a candidate has gotten money to stage their expensive campaign? I sure do. Election campaign laws were written and passed by members of Congress -- the very people who would be held accountable to them. No wonder it's such a muddle.
Kairee Goodin Sues Amateur Rocketry Groups After Errant Blast Burns Her Buttocks. \She won't wear short dresses or go to the beach any more,\ Goodin's attorney, Stuart Fraenkel, told The Huffington Post
Pennsylvania Public Defenders Rebel Against Crushing Caseloads. \It came to the point where I just felt that we couldn't do it anymore,\ he says. \This had to be stopped.\ The office's
Sandusky Trial. There have been false convictions in pedophile cases, evidenced by innocence projects nationwide, and the cases, in general
Naomie Breton, Set On Fire At Gas Station, Charged Towing Fees For Not Moving Car (GRAPHIC VIDEO). Mondesir, 52, was charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bail, according to MSNBC. A woman
Jorge Luis Romero-Paredes, Alleged Unlicensed Dentist, Arrested In Florida. When Pavon lost a molar and developed a serious oral infection, however, she sought treatment at an emergency facility, where
Elizabeth Hutcheson Stabbed 50 Times In Pizza Delivery Murder. Cadedra Cook, 18, was apprehended a day after the incident, after allegedly fleeing on foot with a 15-year-old boy, whose
Toni Annette Medrano, Mom Who Allegedly Fell Asleep On Baby, Charged In His Death. While Medrano and her husband called 911 and attempted to revive the baby, he was pronounced dead on arrival at the local
Chelsea Johnson Murder. \Davis is an acquaintance of the family. He used to live in Fairfield. How they became acquainted is still part of the investigation
Vekol Valley Killings. Investigators are currently interested in whether or not the victims were alive when the fire started, he said. The SUV had
Erika Perdue, Dallas Socialite, Arrested For Allegedly Trading Child Pornography From Mansion. Perdue allegedly confessed to agents that she has been distributing child pornography since 1999, ABC reports. Court documents
Catalina Clouser, Pot-Smoking Mother, Drives Off With Baby On Roof. The mother Catalina Clouser, 19, was booked into jail on child abuse and aggravated assault charges, he said. The infant
One Teen's Fate. While the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2010 that it is unconstitutional to sentence a minor to life without parole -- except for homicide -- cases like Rodrigo Caballero's fall under a gray area based on the wording of the law.
John Bolaris, Former Weatherman, Allegedly Seduced, Conned Out of $43,000 By Sexy Bar Girls. Bolaris wanted to give the painting back, so he agreed to meet up, according to the New York Daily News. That evening, Bolaris
Cannibals In The News. When a single act of cannibalism is reported, it is as unfathomable as it is unsettling. To have five such incidents dominate
Arkansas Jail Break. Arkansas Inmates Break Out of Jail With Hacksaw Authorities brought in a K-9 dog unit to search the area after jail staff
Heath Howe Tied Up Daughter To Play Video Games, Cops Say. The girl's mother and a friend found the girl tied up after they returned from a trip to the gym, Fox News reports. The mother's
Boy Locked In Filthy Coal Bunker Every Night For A Year; Parents Sentenced To 2 Years In Jail. He was thrown into his prison-like room because he snuck food out of the fridge, Metro reported. The boy's biological father
Pregnant Woman Kidnapped, Set On Fire, Shot, And Is Expected To Survive. 22-year-old Latonya Bowman was dropping off her ex-boyfriend, who is allegedly the father of her unborn child, at the home
German Girl Held Captive For 8 Years; Milenko And Slavojka Marinkovic Arrested In Bosnia. Another time, the neighbor said he witnessed the couple force the girl to pull them around on a horse cart. Police released
Blood Found In Isabel Celis' Bedroom, Stains Found On Shower Curtain. Authorities released more than 550 pages of case files, more than a month after Celis' father called 911 to report that the
Dominic And Abby Maryk, Missing Winnipeg Children, Found In Mexico. But Mayer, who worked with the Find Foundation in Louisiana, did listen and followed up on the tip. Canadian authorities
Plantations, Prisons And Profits. \u201cLouisiana is the world\u2019s prison capital. The state imprisons more of its people, per head, than any of its U.S. counterparts
Pedro Hernandez Knew 'Intimate Details' Connecting Him To Etan Patz Slaying. Pedro Hernandez, the suspect who allegedly admitted to killing Etan Patz more than 30 years ago, knew \intimate details\ about
Darth Vader Robs Bank, Flees On Bike In Ohio. He walked into Huntington Bank at about 3 p.m. Wednesday, wielding the gun and demanded money from the tellers, NBC 4i reported
Dharun Ravi Sentencing. The Middlesex County Prosecutors office filed paperwork on May 10 with the court, saying Ravi should be imprisoned, because
Trayvon Martin 7-Eleven Surveillance Video Shows Slain Teen Shortly Before He Was Killed. Also released from the prosecutor's office was a 15-minute interview with a former co-worker of Zimmerman's who claims Zimmerman
Cameron Todd Willingham Exoneration Was Written But Never Filed By Texas Judge. \You can't do anything for Willingham except clear his name,\ Baird told The Huffington Post. \When they tried Willingham
Isabel Celis. Isabel Celis' Father Barred From Seeing His Sons See A Timeline Of Events In The Isabel Celis Case According to a statement
Rodney Alcala. After receiving the DNA test results, prosecutors in Orange and Los Angeles counties began to examine other cold cases. The
Nicole Houde, Former Miss New Hampshire, Arrested After Alleged Assault (PHOTOS). Miss New Hampshire is now also miss rap sheet. The Union Leader reports that Miss New Hampshire 2010, Nicole Houde, was arrested
Dan Halsted Tased 5 Times While Holding Kung Fu DVDs; Awarded $250,000 In Portland. The Daily What pulled out an interesting section of the Oregonian article in which Davidson's lawyer, James Rice, appeared
Teacher Joshua Waguespack Allegedly Recorded Girls Undressing At Catholic School. Arrest reports obtained by WKMG stated that Waguespack hid three pen cameras on metal shelves inside the storage closet and
Interrogators Speak Out. Every interrogation starts with analysis.  That is, getting to know the detainee, researching their background, exploring their relationships with others, reviewing any available information and figuring out what makes them tick.
Lisa Holden Hid In Woods With Children For Two Days To Escape Abusive Husband. \All in all she's a courageous woman who got out when she could,\ Holt told the station. At the end of March, a passerby
The Unchecked Charging Power of the Prosecutor. The power prosecutors have to charge people with crimes is often overlooked.
Million Hoodie March for Trayvon Martin Stops at Florida's Seminole County Grand Jury. As in other cases brought before it, this grand jury has a very serious task at hand; however, this time, the whole country is watching and waiting.
Baltimore Tourist Robbed, Beaten On St. Patrick's Day, As Attack Caught On Camera (VIDEO). A group of people took the man's belongings, as onlookers laughed and pointed. It appears the man attempted to retrieve his
Trayvon Martin and Race. If justice determines that Zimmerman walk, then so be it. But who could fault parents demanding that they get to the bottom of why their son, who went to buy a can of iced tea, is now in a grave.
One Ton Of Marijuana, Worth More Than $7 Million, Seized On Texas Highway. A K-9 unit alerted officers to the smell of marijuana, which led them to the big find
Reginald Owen Sear Killed Bunnies In His Hands, Faces 2 Years In Florida Prison. His two children didn't see the incident, but Sear was charged with child abuse because his kids saw him return from the
Bringing Florida to Justice, Not Just George Zimmerman. A bigger question that must also be asked is \Who is Florida?\  We could ask a question about the direction America is headed on race and violence but let's stick to Florida for a moment.
Tale of the Trayvon Martin Case 911 Calls. On at least one of the 911 calls logged by neighbors, a man is heard crying in distress just before the fatal gunshot is audible. Who was it, Zimmerman or Martin?
Milan Jurisic Killed And Eaten Allegedly By Serbian Mafia Members From Zemun Clan. Police suspect that Luka Bojovic was the ringleader of the cannibalistic murder. Bojovic was captured in Valencia last month
Hailey Dunn Update. The bones were found about a mile from the home of the mother of Hailey's mother's boyfriend, who had been named as a 'person
What Does Trayvon Martin and Sanford, Fla. Say About Our Nation Today?. Yes, today, we may all be Trayvon Martin. But by our silence and inaction we may also be complicit in the continued wanton gun violence that kills so many other Trayvon Martins.
Guilty Verdict in Dharun Ravi Case Only Compounds Tyler Clementi Tragedy. Maybe it helps to make sense of Clementi's death by creating a narrative, a cause and effect. Maybe it helps to make sense of Clementi's death by fabricating a villian. But incarcerating and/or deporting Ravi only compounds this tragedy.
The Dharun Ravi Case. With the jury's guilty verdict in the so-called Rutgers University webcam spying case, Ravi, it appears, has been turned into the proverbial sacrificial lamb for society's collective guilt about its own bias intimidation against homosexuals.
Christina Lopez, Oregon Mom, Allegedly Watched Her Underage Daughter Strip. Nicole Madril told the TV station that her mother was unaware that she had been stripping until that day, and had come because
Mount Sterling Police Department Shut Down; Officer Accused Of Using Taser On 9-Year-Old Boy. Details about the taser incident on Tuesday are few, but the Coshocton Tribune reported that the officer had been called
Cynthia Lynn Davis Identified As Murder Victim In 1997 Cold Case, Alabama Police Say. Almost a decade and a half ago, an elderly man hiking through an Alabama forest discovered a decomposing female body. The
Abduction, Assault At Long Island Rail Road Sparks Manhunt (GRAPHIC VIDEO). The two exchange words inside a nearby shop before the man forces her to leave at about 7:40 a.m. on March 4. The footage
In Amish Country, Accusations Of A Ponzi Scheme. In the Amish and Mennonite communities of rural Sugarcreek, Ohio, Monroe Beachy was a respected financial figure for decades
Utah Teen Allegedly Takes Mom's Car, Robs Two Banks At Drive-Through Window. This kid needs to be grounded. The teen, whose name has not been released, \never brandished a weapon but made inferences
'Speed Freak Killers' Investigation Uncovers Another Body. \I will be drawing up maps of both areas,\ he wrote. Padilla said he has sent a preliminary $2,000 check to Shermantine and
Jerry Perdomo, Florida Firefighter, Missing In Maine Since Feb. 16. \He said he was meeting a friend, and I wish I could remember that friend's name,\ she told the station. A woman named Lisa
Why Hasn't Nancy Grace Been Fired?. Poking her stink finger into another none-of-her-business, Nancy Grace managed to make the death of Whitney Houston somehow more tawdry.
Rape Is a 4-Letter Word. The U.S. Attorney General recently announced a revised definition of rape so that it can be more accurately reported and prosecuted. Here's how the new law differs from the old one.
George Huguely Murder Trial Timeline. The court documents also showed that Huguely took Love's laptop from her room the night she died. Feb. 3, 2012 Judge Edward
Josh Powell, Father Who Killed Himself And Children In Fire, Had 400 Sex And Incest Photos (VIDEO). The Associated Press reports a spokesman for the Utah West Valley City Police declined to comment on why it took authorities
George Huguely Murder Trial. USA Today noted that Huguely, who had cried at earlier points, sat attentively but impassively. The fate of George Huguely
Occupy The Criminal Justice System. The private prison industry has devoted time and money to ensuring that crime legislation benefits their financial interests. They have donated millions to political candidates and parties, as well as helped pass more punitive sentencing laws.
Elizabeth Smart, Former Kidnapping Victim, Marries Matthew Gilmour In Hawaii. ABC News announced in July it had hired Smart as a contributor on stories about missing persons. (Writing by Steve Gorman
Hannah Kelly, Pastor's Daughter, Dies After Accidental Shooting At Florida Church. 20-year-old Hannah Kelley died Saturday morning after being accidentally shot in the head at a St. Petersburg church. Investigators
Tim Cole, Convict Exonerated After Death, Gets Texas Historical Marker. The legislature also created the Timothy Cole Advisory Panel on Wrongful Convictions to help prevent future such convictions
Even When the Subject Is Gun Control, Our Government Wins When Justice Is Done. I'm an advocate of gun control, and a knee-jerk opponent of the National Rifle Association (NRA). It's extraordinary that I find myself concurring with the NRA about 2 tourists recently arrested in NYC.
Karen Swift's Funeral Planned For Saturday As Homicide Investigation Continues. Police have not yet released a cause of death in the case but have confirmed that are investigating Swift's death as a homicide
