Love, Facebook and Infidelity. 
Boomers Were Time's \Man of the Year\ Fifty Years Ago. 
Be Grateful At The Holidays For Sprinkles Of Happiness. 
A No Bullsh-t Holiday Letter. 
How Our Vocabulary Gives Away Our Age. We may look much younger than we really are. We may be in good health and show it. We may move briskly and upright ... but we forget that when we speak, our vocabulary, our phraseology, give away our age.
The Truth About Retiring And Living Abroad With Children. If you're hesitating making an international move because you have children, you're making a mistake. That, however, is not to say that raising kids in another country is easy.
Bringing Joy To A Loved One With Alzheimer's. The concert would either bring Ed great joy or be a total disaster. That was just the way it was when you were dealing with a person with Alzheimer's.
Age Friendliness on Our Minds. 
How To Become A Sexually Empowered Woman. There is a 'Divine Feminine Goddess' movement afoot. A movement encouraging women to embrace pleasure, erotic energy, sisterhood, and saying the word 'Pussy' to be able to move more deeply into their own power and autonomy.
5 Things We Did As Children In The 1970s That Kids Today Don't Do. II grew up in the 70s and it was great. I had more freedom as a kid then than most kids have today.
Tips For Visiting Elderly Relatives During The Holidays. Elder care is a growing issue in society. Caregiving at a distance can be difficult, stressful and time-consuming. And often the only time caregivers see the loved one is on a family visit, more than not tied around a holiday.
How Grief Took Up Residence In My Heart. After the recent election, many in our country are experiencing deep grief. They are discovering that they must learn to understand grief and accept its power, in order to move forward. The word grievous is derived from the word grief meaning sadness.
Pre-Thanksgiving. 
The Ghosts -- Both Welcome And Not So Welcome -- That Linger In My House. Given enough time, almost any house will collect ghosts. My house has plenty, even though I'm not one for hanging onto the past. Usually they creep in silently, like dust bunnies under the bed
What It Feels Like To Near Age 90. In November I will be 90. This is a busy time for me. This summer and fall have been a time of funerals. Eight in the past four months. They all follow the same pattern, An M.C., religious or not, calls speakers to the podium -- spouse, children, grandchildren, a few friends. I check the crowd, speculate on how mine will compare.
The First 5 Things To Do After An Alzheimer's Diagnosis. No matter how well read or well traveled you are, I can almost guarantee you will be at a complete loss on what to do or where to start. The amount of information out there is overwhelming but there was no clear, simple guide that I could find.
Measuring Health Care From The Vantage Point Of Those Needing Care. Not everything that is important for a person's health can be measured and not everything that can be measured in health care is important to the average person.
Teaching English By The Beach In Vietnam. They teach English two evenings a week. They spend the rest of their time enjoying the beach and all that Da Nang has to offer.
Challenging My Own Definition Of What It Means To Feel Beautiful. My friend and I took my 2-year-old twins to the pumpkin patch last week. We had a great time, mostly because I think we both experienced the day through young eyes.
4 Helpful Things Every Voter Over 50 Should Know. Traditionally older Americans vote in larger percentages than the rest of the population. In fact, in the last 38 years, the 65-plus demographic averages a voting percentage of nearly 60 percent. In between the jabs and juvenile antics of the debates, we have not heard much about issues that impact seniors.
Social Enterprise Is The Winning Ticket For Everyone. Visiting a spa may seem frivolous and self-indulgent, especially with all of the chaos ensuing in the world today. However, we're always told by the airline personnel that in case of emergency be sure to put the oxygen mask on ourselves first before we take care of our children. The truth is, we need to be strong so we can help others.
A Doctor's Advice On How You Can Take Fewer Medications. Clayton, 43, launched Club RX, a doctor-directed fitness program that includes a gym, on-site nutrition, a manual -- \The Clayton MD Total Health Program\ -- and even a tasty 90-day meal planner. He is the only doctor on site and will work with patients to get off certain medications.
How Grief Became My New Vocation. When Peter died, the only thing that kept me sane was writing about grief. Blogging about grief morphed into my new vocation. I recognized that by spewing out my emotions with honesty, I was helping others which meant it was work that made me satisfied.
How To Build The 'Village' You Need As A Caregiver. \I think with a lot of geriatric dementia patients, the caregiver is just as important as-- and sometimes even more important than-- the patient who is on your schedule,\ she says. \I don't know if I would have fully appreciated that without living it myself.\
Arnold Palmer's Quintessential Style. 
An Open Letter To Donald Trump's Legion Of Supporters. Trump promises to rebuild America's inner cities, which he claims are less safe than the streets of Afghanistan. He promises to create millions of jobs. He promises, yes, to make American great again. Does anyone believe him? Tens of millions do.
What My Grandmother's Depression Taught Me About Suicide. Many people view suicide as a selfish act and I can see that. I've been married 39 years, am a mother of three and grandmother of two. We're a close knit family and I'm sure my death would have a huge impact on my loved ones.
How To Rediscover Your Passion For Reading. Our home was a literate and musical one, with little television or radio. This was the key to my motivation to explore the world through books.
This Could Be The Solution To Your Retirement Woes. Retirement isn't what it used to be. Defined benefit plans, formerly a way for employees to have a relatively comfortable retirement, haven't yielded the healthy returns of years past.
Turning 65? Here's When You Should Enroll In Medicare. Confusion about when to enroll in Medicare for people turning 65 can have costly consequences. Depending on your situation, if you sign up for Medicare, you could be paying for insurance you don't need.
Why A Bruce Springsteen Concert Will Change You Forever. In 1977 I saw Springsteen in Philadelphia. He played for four hours, ran all over the stage, and periodically scurried up the stacked amps with ease and then jumped back down to earth. Some 40 years later Springsteen still performs for four hours while my biggest concern at the concert was wondering how many times I would have to get up and go to the bathroom.
The Czech City Of Prague Is Full Of Character And Quirks. If I were to choose one word to describe Paris, it would be romantic. If I were to choose one word to describe Prague, a city often compared to Paris, it would be cynical ... in a good way.
How To Be A Born-Again Sex Goddess After The Hot Mess Of Menopause. At the age of 50, I'm done talking about my father and I understand my relationship with my mother. I don't need a therapist to talk about any of it anymore. I'm over it. There is something about midlife -- and it's not a musical comedy.
When You Start To Spot Those Little Gray Hairs. Hey, let's face it... aging isn't all that it's cracked up to be. How can 40 be the new 30, and 50 be the new 40? Somehow we think the mathematicians are all mixed up. And even better... are they crazy? 60 is the new ... oh forget it.
This Is The Reason You're Not Happy After 50. It's the tail of summer, and you've had a vacation, lifted by family, sun and sea. I'm surprised at the abundance of recent letters I'm getting about feeling dark and grumpy. While the laments run a large range, the binding theme is a malaise that is not due to clinical depression but to a gnawing angst.
The Simple Ingredient For Sustained Happiness, According To Psychologists. What is true is that humans adjust to \the new\ and \happiness\ very quickly. Those new boots or new phone? Remember how happy it made you? Maybe not. Things bring only momentary happiness. We adjust and it just becomes another thing.
An Open Letter To My Former Therapist. I knew you were the right therapist for me as soon as I heard your voice. I didn't know how to find a good therapist really. This was 1984 and there were no Google searches, Yelp reviews, or Healthgrades. The internet wouldn't be a reality for most of us for another decade. I had a big yellow phone book and looked up psychotherapist.
My Mother's Dog Speaks The Truth. I don't speak Canine. But apparently my 91-year-old mother does. She is closer to her yapping beagle, Chipper, than anyone in the world. She walks him twice a day, cuddles with him on her couch, feeds him from the dinner table and worries about him constantly.
5 Reasons Why North American Retirees Are Flocking To Mexico. Current estimates put the number of U.S. and Canadian citizens living in various places in Mexico at well over one million. Not all are retired, but hundreds of thousands of them are.
Why I Know Turning 60 Will Be One Big Party. Though I do feel slightly panicked when I look in the mirror and see one more wrinkle and one less eyebrow hair, I look at the rest of my life and feel a sense of contentment.
The Surprising Victims Of Opioid Addiction. Older adults are not immune to the problems of abuse and addiction, and signs point to a growing problem.
How To Know The Difference Between Unhappiness And True Depression. Often, people who are moderately depressed don't realize how slowly the lights have gone down on the joy or satisfaction with their life. They can't see how much they are struggling with negativity, irritability or sadness. They are blind to the many ways they're isolating from others, or beginning to pull into themselves.
The One Truth Every Only Child Can Understand. I am an only child. Through the years I have been asked if I felt differently because I am an only child. My answer was always no because that is all I have ever known.
3 Important Questions To Help You Conquer Your Fears. Fear is insidious. It preys on you, urging you to play it safe. It convinces you not to try anything that might risk failure.
When They Go Low, We (Middlescents) Go High. 
How To Plan The Adventure Of A Lifetime In Malaysian Borneo. This is the gateway to Malaysian Borneo and the thrills and adventure of Asia's largest island. English is widely spoken, people are friendly and curious, and more than half of the province is forest.
Hillary And Donald. What To Do When You Hate Them Both.. Trump is a lying, unqualified, loud mouthed sexist, racist bigot. Got it. Hillary is a cheating, hypocritical, law breaking, untrustworthy establishment puppet. Got it.
The Private Thought I Shared With My Best Friend. On an ordinary afternoon during high school, I was hanging out with one of my best friends, in one of those spaces in time when you feel safe enough to allow yourself to think out loud without regret.
Why You Should Be Able To Use Medicare When Retiring Abroad. If you're thinking of retiring overseas, healthcare may be one of the biggest factors driving that decision. In general, healthcare and health insurance costs less almost everywhere else in the world than it does in the U.S.
Trump's Hatred Of All The 'M Folk'. When the time came, she often said, when she was older, she would let her hair go gray. But the time never came, and her hair colorist continued to dye her graying roots to match the rich auburn of her younger self.
How My Grandkids Took Care Of Me. I absorb information like a cardboard crate of paper towels. News articles and images seep into my consciousness and collect into arbitrary categories of thoughts to consider, images to delete, and items that yell at me to 'Do something!'
Why Women View Clothes Shopping So Differently. Over a long chatty lunch with a dear friend, the subject of what clothing means in our lives came up frequently. After spending my career around the clothing industry, I emphasized the importance of fashion to me.
Why I'm Reluctant To Wear A Bikini Now That I'm Older. I really think I've got enough to worry about as the number of birthday candles on my cake soon reaches 69. First it's adjusting to the sagging pouches of skin adorning each side of my mouth -- then it's the dark circles under my eyes.
The Perfect Movies For Anyone Who Needs Cheering Up. A few weeks ago, I was vacationing with my son Nick, daughter-in-law Carolyn, the grandkids, Lucas aged 13 and Georgia aged 9, and their adorable dog Simon, in Santa Barbara. I thoroughly relished my time being with my sweet family but, it had been a particularly tough day for me emotionally.
This Paradise May Be The Best Place To Retire In Europe. I wasn't in Chelsea when I awoke this morning but Lisbon. My brain's so foggy with jet-lag, though, that, when I opened my eyes, I wasn't sure at first where I was.
Tinnitus Experienced By 10% Of Americans, Experts Say. 
How To Live The Good Life In This Mexican Retirement Paradise. \What would we do in Wisconsin in retirement?\ says Lance Koehler, reflecting on his new life in beachside Tul\u00fam, Mexico. \Go to the mall, shovel snow. Here I love the warm weather, the sun, and going to the beach.\
The Bed And Breakfast That Turned Out To Be Anything But Charming. Life in the Boomer Lane knows that a lot of you out there are searching for all kinds of vacation opportunities. You may be considering villas in the south of France or a certain Red Roof Inn outside Pittsburgh. As a public service, LBL will now advise you to cross one place off your list.
Gina Barreca Asks, \If You Lean In, Will Men Just Look Down Your Blouse?\. 
When Your Mother Can No Longer Remember Your Birthday. I will be celebrating my birthday July 12th and I, who never made a big deal about this day, now feel differently. I find it sad that the woman who gave birth to me has no memory of this day, or in fact, any other day. Mom for the last 13 years has been suffering from Alzheimer's.
The Alarming Phone Call I Got From My Daughter In Dallas. It's hard to know when to worry as a parent. I used to worry about my college aged kids' study-abroad plans. Now it seems as though our children really aren't safe anywhere. At home or abroad. So, as far as when and what do we need to worry about?
Finding The Courage To Confront Depression. One of the huge gifts (and responsibilities) of being a therapist is being honored by people who are coming to you for help. I meet people all the time who are depressed. These are not weak people. Far from it. It takes a lot of courage to confront depression.
How To Heal A Seemingly Intractable Family Rift. My daughters didn't really have grandparents for most of their lives. I still feel that void for them. Their grandparents are gone now. We will never have an opportunity to work anything out. It's sad. Now that I'm a grandparent I know how strong that bond can be.
The One Thing That Really Was Better When We Were Kids. I think we should have to start all nostalgia stories with the words \in my day\ and when you read it, you should shake your fist. I find many nostalgia stories disingenuous. I don't think they mean to be, I just think we sometimes sugar coat the past because we want it to be better than now.
When Your Loved One With Alzheimer's No Longer Recognizes You. Most individuals who have a loved one with Alzheimer's dread the day when their loved one may no longer recognize them. Care partners may think that would be the most tragic situation possible. They consider it the disastrous end of their relationship.
The Day I Failed At Jury Duty. The judge addresses us. He reiterates the responsibilities and informs us that this is a criminal trial and will probably run two weeks and everyone must be able to commit to that time. And then he drops this bomb
Why I Love My Shelf Full Of Half-Finished Books. What can I surmise from this list? What can I surmise from my inability to consistently read what I purchase? That I am a woman who is compulsive, neurotic, never satisfied, too curious for her own good, scattered, out of touch with realistic expectations, impulsive, and in need of a good therapist
The Surprising Way Your Name Can Give Away Your Age. I was born in 1963, when the most poplar girl names are now relics of history
The Brave Way I Stepped Out Of My Comfort Zone. In my early 50s, when coloring my hair began to take up more and more of my time and energy, I decided that I had way better things to do than spend hours in the hairdresser's chair every few weeks. I gave up the fight and embraced the white.
Top 10 Crazy Cruise Tips For Baby Boomers #7. Today, we continue sailing along (Hey, another cruise pun) through my crazy cruise tips to make not only your next luxury cruise more enjoyable but your entire life as well.   Quite a lofty goal, huh?
An Adorable Way To Entertain Your Loved One With Alzheimer's. It is well known that pets can often reach people with Alzheimer's on a level we cannot. I experienced this first hand with my beloved Romanian soul mate when he had dementia.
A WWII Vet's Advice To His Daughter Lasts A Lifetime. My father gave me a firm foundation in which to grow. And wings with which to soar. Without him, I would never have had the motivation, the zest, and the inspiration to get through life. Much less enjoy it.
Whatever You Do, Never Vomit On A U.S. Senator. 'Have you ever been on live television before?' the KMVT-TV news director asked. 'Yes,' I answered. It wasn't a lie. When I was 5-years-old I had been a guest on the children's show on KMVT with the host named Happy Holly.
Why Voters Apparently Want A Woman President Who's June Cleaver. 'I want a woman to be President. I just don't want THAT woman.' You can insert any level of leadership in that line, and you'll be accurate. If you dig deeper, you'll find a variety of valid reasons why THAT woman should never be in a position of power.
Leaving America After The Elections? Here's A Great Option.. For those who can imagine living in another country, experiencing another culture, leading a different, more affordable, more relaxed lifestyle, and even purposely getting a little bit outside their usual comfort zone...the options are many and varied. And those options don't depend on the outcome of the next U.S. presidential election.
The Face of Alzheimer's. I volunteer to visit some ladies with Alzheimer's at a local memory care facility here in Kansas City. And I receive so much more than I give. I realize I shouldn't have a favorite but I do. Ruth is my favorite.
What It Was Like To Attend My 50th College Reunion Without My Spouse. Penn held so many memories for us. We attended each other's reunions. We went to our 25th, 40th, and five years ago, we attended Peter's 50th class reunion. A year ago, we booked reservations to go to Philadelphia for my 50th Penn reunion. Peter's death changed those plans.
US Death Rates Increase In 2015. 
US Women Becoming Obese At Faster Rates Than Men, New Study Finds. 
New Study Says Getting Checked For Skin Cancer At Primary Care Doctor Could Save Your Life. 
About To Retire? Here's Why You Should Consider a Reverse Mortgage Home Loan. 
The Most Magical Expat Escape In All Of Europe. \Something about the Algarve just draws you back... and, every time you return, you find a new little village or you discover a new beach you didn't know. This place is magical that way.\
What High Heels And A Slippery Floor Taught Me About Aging. Each time something happens to me that reminds me that I'm heading into the third act of my life, I am startled and a bit annoyed. It's not that I didn't know these things would happen -- the memory lapses, the slight hair loss, tiring more quickly, sleeping less soundly -- I just thought they would happen, you know, later.
7 Things Boomers Need In Their Diet. The MyPlate for Older Adults just got a facelift thanks to nutrition researchers at Tufts University with support from the folks at the AARP Foundation. I love this new healthy eating visual because it not only colorfully depicts the five basic food groups
The Very Best Way To Rattle Donald Trump. What's the worst, most damaging thing you can say about Donald Trump. That he's weak on foreign policy? A bully? A bigot? Not as wealthy as he says? Not a great businessman? No. Despite all those being accurate descriptions, those have all already been tried, with almost no success.
Why I No Longer Pursue Happiness. When I was a little girl, my parents brought home a puppy. I'm not quite sure why they picked this particular puppy to bring home because neither of them had ever owned a dog before, and this was going to be a big one.
The Bathroom Issue We SHOULD Be Talking About. As I sat down to do my business I looked to the right out of habit and saw that there was a basic violation of bathroom etiquette
How To Calculate The Real Cost Of Living Abroad. Apples to apples. That's the principle to keep in mind when comparing costs, both for living and for buying real estate overseas.
Why So Many Are Having Glass After Glass Of Wine Each Night. Do your find yourself looking forward to a daily glass of wine? Does that glass often lead to another? And sometimes even another? More and more of my female clients are concerned about their alcohol habits. If you are drinking alcohol every day, you may want to explore why this is happening.
Why I'll Take My Wrinkles Over Plastic Surgery Any Day. I don't think this is a bad thing. I believe that if you've always had a big nose and hated being taunted for it, there was nothing wrong with having it adjusted to make you feel better about yourself. If you have \Obama\ ears, and they bother you, get them fixed, and if you have wrinkles, and you don't like looking old, get a face lift.
What To Do When Your Child Becomes The Bully. It started on a seemingly innocuous Wednesday afternoon, as I pulled into the parking lot of my children's grade school to drop something off. As I negotiated my parking space, I waved at Sue, another mother, who was walking out with her son Chandler. She did not wave back. Neither one of them looked happy.
The 3 Steps For Looking Fabulous After 50. Freaking out because you're over 50 and feel like you're no longer young or attractive? There's good news and bad coming your way. The bad news is you're partially right. You're not that young.
Take My Religion ... Please. They say you shouldn't talk about politics or religion in polite circles. I guess I'm not polite because I'm about to launch into both of those, mostly because it's almost impossible to talk about one without the other nowadays. They go together like love and marriage.
How I'm Trying To Find The Meaning Of Life As I Age. You know what really sucks (so far, anyway) about getting old? LOOKING FOR THE DAMN MEANING! I'm at the last third of my life. The first third went by very very slowly. The second third, however, flew by.
The Best Commencement Speech The Class Of 2016 Could Hear. Class of 2016, it's worth reflecting on a semantic point for a moment
What It's REALLY Like To Get A Vasectomy. VIP Vasectomy Weekend. That's right. When you are truly ready to cut the chord, literally, and call it quits with having any more kids, the best and only way to go is to proudly cross the River Zero Sperm with a weekend that begins, and ends, with everything, and anything, that makes you happy!
12 Myths About Hearing Loss Debunked. I titled my book about hearing loss Shouting Won't Help. It won't. Shouting distorts the mouth and makes lip reading difficult. Speak in a normal tone of voice, look at the listener and articulate clearly.
How To Retire In The Dominican Republic. It's the oldest European city in the Americas and the capital of Spain's first colony in this part of the world. Founded by Christopher Columbus' brother Bartholomew, colonial Santo Domingo might best be described as dignified. It feels more genteel than the cities built in other of Spain's colonies in the decades to follow.
The Only Thing You Need To Become A Good Writer. . \I've decided I'm going to write,\ I said, listening to how self-important that sentence sounded wafting through the air. \Really?\ he said. \I didn't know you were a writer.\ If he meant had I ever made a comfortable living as a writer -- or even an uncomfortable one -- the answer was \no.\ If he meant had anyone ever heard of me, nope.
Alzheimer's Caregivers. The need to involve hospice can be extremely difficult and even depressing. It's common to dwell on dark thoughts of impending death. Some families delay ordering hospice care because it would force them to acknowledge that the end is near and they just can't deal with that.
Why Playing With Your Food Is Good For Your Sex Life. Remember this basic rule when it comes to understanding the relationship between our sexuality and our desire to eat. Both sexuality and food can involve all of our senses.
7 Smartphone Hacks For Traveling Abroad. You've planned your trip, packed your bags and you're ready for your big adventure! Have you thought about how you can use your smartphone to make your trip easier? Even if you don't have an Internet connection? In recent years, there have been many apps developed that make travel easier-- even if you're exploring another country.
Why Men Disappear Online. I almost gave up online dating. I'd unintentionally disappeared myself from multiple sites soon after I turned 70. Recently, playing with a dating app while waiting in a long queue, I saw a long-time friend's face.  With surprised laughter, I reversed my left-swiping thumb, immediately messaging and intending to share the laugh. He didn't write back.
Hello, My Name Is Depression. Mental illness can take shape in many different forms. One of those forms looks a lot like a big black blob. It's vast, it's life-altering, it's suffocating, and its name is Depression.
Yes, You Too Can Enjoy Pleasurable Post-Menopausal Sex. A friend, at the age of 55, was in a new relationship that was heading toward sex. Concerned because she hadn't had sex in three years, and knowing that it could be painful because of vaginal dryness, she asked me -- a sexually active woman in a 27-year marriage -- what I do to combat that discomfort.
Why I'm Sick And Tired Of The Foodie Movement. Truth be told, you can keep your green smoothies. I prefer vanilla malts. Truth be told, I prefer Fritos to crispy-baked vegetables. I feel like screaming when I hear people speaking in hushed tones of reverence over the preparation of kale chips as if they were physicians discussing methods of heart surgery. In fact, I'd be fine if I never heard the word \kale\ again
The Phone Call Every Pet Owner Dreads. At some point in Winston's commuter career -- we're not sure when -- this little dog completely embedded himself into our lives and hearts. It's been said that pets are the relatives you actually like, the ones who love you unconditionally and never bring up those awkward moments from your past. I guess it's no accident that Man's Best Friend can't talk.
The Most Important Thing Moms Can Do This Mother's Day. For Mother's Day and Father's Day, how about a gift of gratitude? As a parent, I think teaching gratitude may be the best gift you can give your child. Here are my thoughts on teaching children to be grateful, even after they've left your home.
Why I've Called A Moratorium On Texting My Kids. I am calling a moratorium on texting my adult kids, except for purely informational tiny tidbits. One reason is that autocorrect can wreak havoc with mother/adult child relations.
Why One's Resume Never Tells The Whole Story. The resume never tells the whole story. It rarely tells more than a sliver of the story, and that sliver is intended to make us look fabulous, bursting with accomplishments, devoid of failures and blemishes.
The Debate Over Whether Motherhood Should Be Considered A Job. I was getting annoyed. Standing there watching the salesman give precedence to a phone caller over a real live customer waiting to pay for a fair amount of merchandise didn't make any sense to me whatsoever.
This Is How To Defy A Superficially Erotic World. We have been warned against this our entire lives by a world based on masculine power, perceptions and desires -- which somehow women have taken into our bodies as our own reality. We are taught to fear our depth, and women are shut down to examine the possibilities of it within themselves.
My Response To Companies Promising To Help Me Look Younger. Since I'm scared of invasive procedures, I can either keep trying new anti-aging products or go cold turkey and accept my aging face. I would like to be able to say that I am just fine with looking older as the years go by. But that's a lie. I hate it. I hate my wrinkles. There. I said it.
How My Husband Rediscovered His Passion For Cycling After A Stroke. It was just one week after my husband completed the August 2010 Tour de Napa, a century bike ride in Napa Valley, that he experienced a devastating stroke. In the emergency room at Cedars Sinai Hospital staff kept pulling me aside to ask if I understood how 'grave' his condition was.
Could The Universe Be A Simulation? Neil deGrasse Tyson Thinks It Might. 
Dirty Yoga Mats Could Make You Rethink Your Hygiene. 
4 Ways To Become A Better Risk Taker. As she approached her 40s, Kayt Sukel suffered a midlife crisis... in reverse. Instead of binging on wild adventures--bungee jumping, big-game hunting, flings with Bieber-aged men-- Kayt became a play-it-safe suburbanite, which is not how she sees herself.
18 Random Acts Of Kindness To Spread Cheer. I had been\u00a0inspired by all the stuff in the news about happiness lately. And people had been so nice to me in these last months of treatment\u00a0that I tried\u00a0to\u00a0make a list of things that are free-or almost free- that can make someone else feel happy. But I couldn't remember anything.
People With Alzheimer's May Still Be \There\. People with Alzheimer's -- especially those in the later stages of the disease -- may stop talking or making other clear attempts to communicate. We think they don't understand what people are saying to them or about them. My experience shows that's not always the case.
5 Ways To Make Your Words More Powerful. I make time to write every day no matter what, and the time frame varies. Even if it's for a short amount of time and even if it's for my eyes only. It's a matter of asking myself what shall I write, what do I care about, what confuses me, what do I need to understand? And then I write my way into the answer.
5 Alzheimer's Resources Every Caregiver Needs To Know. Until doctors discover a cure for Alzheimer's, the disease will continue to place a heavy burden not only on those afflicted by it, but on their friends and family as well.
Death Comes For Fluffy The Cat. 
The Surprise That Comes In A Packet Of Seeds. Today's first real post-winter foray into the garden reminds me that I'm a messy gardener. Late, as usual. But I've got a special packet of seeds to plant this week, and they've inspired me to be more attentive this year.
Today's Proms Are As Elaborate And Costly As A Small Wedding. Prom season is upon us. It's that time of year when mothers all over the country will go out and purchase dresses for their daughters that cost more than their own wedding gowns. Face it folks. These days, Prom feels like a small dry-run-practice-wedding you throw for your high schooler.
The 3 Keys To Building Immediate Rapport In A Job Interview. You've got an important interview coming up. You know you have the skills for the job ... but do you have the personality and style they are looking for? Are your values and work ethic a match with those of the organization? Will you fit with the rest of the team?
What Children's Books Are Getting Wrong When It Comes To Grandparents. Few things in life are simultaneously joyful and infuriating. But, reading to my 3-year-old grandson Avery is just that. While I'm crazy about snuggling that sweet boy and enjoying terrific children's literature together, from time to time I cringe.
Why We Should View Aging As An Art Form. Physical prowess and aesthetics are constantly shifting from the day one is born until the day one dies. Children often bemoan waiting to grow up, and at some point adults begin to dig in their heels and attempt to freeze the process.
10 Mistakes to Avoid When Visiting a Person Who Has Alzheimer's. I've made many mistakes over the months. In fact, I'd say I deserved an \F\ in visiting, especially in the beginning. I have learned that knowing what to do and actually doing it can be two very different things.
The 4 Very Best Albums To Do Your Taxes By. It's true. Music soothes the savage beast. The month of March is when the beasts roar. I share with you now the four best albums to do your taxes by.
A Sane Take On The Craziness That Is The GOP Presidential Race. I am a liberal Democrat. Bernie Sanders isn't even left enough for me, and Hillary certainly isn't, though I've always loved her. That said, I decided to watch all the debates, and thus got to know the Republicans a bit better. They won't get my vote, but for the first time since George Bush they started to seem human to me.
What The Loss Of Our Family Dog Taught Me About Gratitude. I wondered if my gratitude jar had opened the door to bad luck. Following our dear pup's death, the jar was a taunting, glass finger; one that nah, nah, nah-nah, nah dared me to find something good in my life. About a week after Midnite died, I plunked down at my desk with the jar in view.
Why Pinterest Is Totally Addictive -- And How To Use It To Your Benefit. Once you start browsing for ideas on Pinterest, you may find yourself more absorbed than you bargained for, in pins that lead to other pins. You can easily spend the time you intended to spend on a project instead looking for more projects. Although browsing is free, that time and energy you've put into it is not.
3 Ways To Mitigate The Cost Of Long Term Care. Family members who become caregivers are thrust into the role of caregiver regardless of whether or not they're ready. The Congressional Budget Office estimated the value of this \informal\ care at approximately $234 billion for 2011, the last year calculated.
How To Get The Best Photos Of The Northern Lights. No matter what tourism boards have given you the impression that you can go to Norway, Iceland, Greenland or wherever and look up into the sky and see spectacular Northern Lights with your naked eyes, it most likely isn't true. Take a moment to grieve, be angry, refuse to believe it or do whatever you need to do at this point.
Why I've Reconsidered My Decision Not To Vote In This Year's Election. I had decided not to vote in the presidential election. Even though I previously had performed my loyal and patriotic duty since 1972, this year was different. The charade and parade of fools running for president made me question the need to vote. How do I select the least horrible candidate?
What I Wish I'd Learned About Housekeeping. Once I was married with kids and we had settled into our own home, I wanted to be that person, comfortable in her own surroundings -- like Uncle Tom -- and 99 percent of the time I was. Who was I as a housekeeper? Maybe I would call her a slob. Too harsh? Okay.
Living A Marriage And Raising Kids In Two Languages. I live in a schizophrenic household. Two languages, two cultures, two sets of swear words. In our marriage of 40 years, my French husband and I have lived daily between two worlds. We lived in his country, and in mine. We worked in his country, and in mine.
Retirement Survey Finds 60% Of Retirees Lack Proper Funds. 
The Best Way To Explore Italy Solo. As I was shoveling snow about a month ago in my hometown of Incline Village at Lake Tahoe, I thought that maybe I could find something more exciting to do for the next few months. Enter Florence.
I Finally Found The Love Of My Life At Age 52. At 52, I had found the love of my life. We have each come to this union via our own paths -- individual joys and sorrows. It is right timing. We truly see each other; that is the most magnificent gift of all.
60 Women Share Their Advice For Surviving Divorce After 60. Divorce after 60 may be painful, but, at least it is no longer a taboo subject. It's also a challenge that more and more women are facing as our generation ages.
How I Really Feel About Turning 75. I woke up yesterday morning feeling vaguely depressed, but until my husband Nick wished me 'happy birthday', I didn't realize this was the day I turn 75-years-old. I think I was dreading this birthday partly because my mother died at 74. (Her birthday was Feb. 3, 1911, mine is Feb. 4, 1941.)
What I'm Doing Now That I'm Staring Down The Barrel Of 60. Scale it back. Size it down. Go smaller, leaner, more mobile, lighter, freer, more connected to love than to all the stuff. More attuned to the natural world. Better attuned to our bodies. Taking care of our bodies. Cherishing and nourishing them and trying to keep them healthy.
5 Reasons To Sit Down And Write A Bucket List -- Now. Life comes with stuff. Like schedules and responsibilities and deadlines and kids. Before you know it, everything that you wanted to do has been long forgotten, a lot like the fresh fruit you always made sure to include in the 12,000 school lunches you packed.
Why 'It's The Thought That Counts' Is An Outdated Phrase. His gifts to me are a book and a set of kitchen knives. I perform my best delighted act, but I can't see how you could give someone you love such an impersonal present. So I love him and he doesn't love me. A bit of an overreaction perhaps, but I definitely don't feel seen or known.
Looking For Mr. Right? This Is Why You Should Stop. I'm a big fan of hope. I've stood on the edge of some grim and horrific precipices, and managed to avoid falling into them because of hope. I've experienced injustices and cruelty, and survived, even thrived, because of hope.
How Aphasia Helped Me Communicate With My Mother. My mother's hands became her primary form of communication. She and I talked, of course, but it was often a swing-and-a-miss type of situation. Her embarrassment at not being able to identify a table, a door, or even her beloved dog caused many tears of frustration.
Why I'd Rather Be 50 Than 25 (And Maybe Even 30). Two weeks ago I turned 50. I wondered if I would wake up suddenly wiser, or with osteoporosis, but 50 felt no different than 49 -- which is true of most milestone birthdays. Do you remember turning 10? Of course not. (Though no one made senior citizen jokes when I turned 10.)
What I Learned Working As An Accountant In The Porn Industry. Two days after interviewing for an accounting job at an adult video company, I walked down a long hallway lined with movie posters displaying voluptuous women enticing the viewer into the bedroom. All weekend I had been obsessing over this job. What would it be like working in the porn industry?
Veteran Ping Pong -- Cut The Crap. If you're a Baby Boomer 'The Vietnam Conflict' still conjures up images of injustice, indifference and even hostility towards the men and women who put their lives on the line. Concerned citizens need to pay  attention to the needs of our brave warriors both past and present.
What I Miss About TV In The 1970s. How times have changed. I grew up in the '70s, when it was still a big deal to have a color TV. We had a handful of major stations on the VHF band, and a couple of minor ones on UHF. Many people nowadays don't even know what those terms mean.
I'm Going to Keep Smiling. There are countless small differences between where I grew up (Michigan) and where I now live (Philadelphia) that I had to learn in order to fit in. I no longer say \downtown.\ Instead, it's \Center City.\ I don't go \to the beach.\ I go \down the shore.\ And, of course, moving here meant that I had to stop rooting for my beloved Tigers. (Go Phillies!)
9 Valentine's Day Gifts For Ski Enthusiasts. Senior skiers I know have a passion for the sport, and it extends to other areas of their lives -- Valentine's Day included! With that in mind, here are some Valentine's gifts that might feed the passion for your partner and for playing in the snow.
Why Ecuador Will Always Be The Ultimate Retirement Haven. It was our first time living outside the U.S., and it was an eye-opener. Talk about new beginnings...we barely knew how to ask for milk, bread, and eggs. But we did have some things going for us. They were, in fact, all the things Ecuador had going for it -- low cost of living, perfect weather, and some of the friendliest, most understanding people on the planet.
A Valuable Checklist For Those Seeking Assisted Living. Hunting for assisted living can be hard. You want to find the best place for your loved one -- and it needs to be clean, well run, and within your price range. And you need to get a good sense of what each community is really like, not just what its advertising says about it.
Finding A Modicum Of Normalcy 5 Months After Losing My Spouse. It is over five months since my sweet husband Peter died and I am beginning to find a modicum of normalcy. My dinner dates have slowed down but my lunch plans are still going. Yes, I am 'demoted to lunch' a bit, although I don't blame my friends, it is more on my part.
Why I'm Ditching My 'Bitch Voice' In 2016. My husband and I have been together for eight years, plenty long enough to drop the \best behavior\ act. It is human nature to let the people who know us best see us at our worst, so daily interaction with my husband is pretty much unfiltered. If I'm annoyed with him (or just annoyed, period) I'm pretty quick to let that annoyance creep in to my tone of voice.
5 Keys To Pleasing A Woman In Bed. Our genitals are as unique as our faces or the shake of our hips when we walk. Our desires, fantasies, and roadblocks are as diverse as any road map. If you want to be a great lover of women, put these skills in your tool kit.
A Lesson In Sex After Divorce. I might be crazy as having a full-on physical relationship is a top priority. But he is the first guy I have met who I feel something for in my heart. And that strange and unexpected emotion is not especially welcome so soon after my split with my husband.
One Couple's Enviable Retirement Life South Of The Border. One of the biggest appeals of life in Nicaragua for Darrell and Amy is the cost of living. The couple lives very well on about $2,000 a month. They have two vehicles and a maid. They eat out often. They travel.
7 Common Online Dating Mistakes Women Over 50 Commonly Make. Online, you have less than 10 seconds to get a man's attention before he moves on. Make your words count!
We Plan. God Laughs. Even During The Holidays.. After the diagnosis, I had been in close contact with my brother daily, but kept putting off calling my sister-in-law. What do you say to someone who has just been delivered such bad news?
Here's The Scoop On The New Reverse Mortgage Rules. 
Honda To Produce New NSX Supercar In Appeal To Speed Demons. 
How To Lose 2 Pounds During The Holidays. For anyone trying to lose or maintain their weight, holiday time is a time of quiet terror. It always was for me. That is, until I figured out the formula. Now every holiday season I lose two pounds and still get to indulge in all my favorite goodies.
A Straight Mother's Response To Ignorance. I am ignorant. I'll start there. I don't understand all of the struggles that LGBT youths live with. I am ignorant. I don't understand the pronouns, the labels, the pain and the complexities that the LGBT community experiences every day. I am ignorant, and that has to change.
What I Miss Most About Growing Up In The 1930s. In the 1930s, when I was growing up in New Rochelle, aunts and uncles were ever present. Perhaps it was because they lived in the city and wanted a taste of grass and trees. Maybe it was because they were second generation, still partly strangers in a strange land. Whatever, family took precedence.
9 Fabulous Gift Ideas For Older Loved Ones. When you ask your parent, grandparent, or other older loved one what they'd like as a holiday gift, you're liable to hear a noncommittal response like, \I'll love anything you give me\ - or \I have everything I need.\ With little to go on, it's easy to get stumped as to what to give these special people in our lives.
Christmas Songs We Love To Hate. \I Saw Mom Kissing Santa\ will be playing in hell when I get there.
Serial Dating Is Easy Online But SO Much Harder In Real Life. I'm having fortnightly dates with my millionaire, but since he's sexually reluctant I am also currently working four guys from an online dating site. They are Vice Man, Guitar Man, Brighton Boy and Home Boy.
Proof That Men And Women Can Just Be Best Friends. Is the male-female friendship something the next generation has figured out better than we have?\nBob and I have been best friends for 20 years and we both know how lucky we are to have our friendship. It developed organically and with permission from our spouses.
This Is Why December Is The Best Month To Find A Job. January and February generally represent the strongest hiring period of the year. So, if you stay active, make your presence known and build connections in December, you will be setting yourself up to be first in line when hiring takes off.
How To Set Goals You'll Actually Keep In The New Year. The year is drawing to a close and in between the Sees candy and holiday shopping, some of us are furtively mulling over the year ahead. Which naturally brings up the year behind. How's the rear view for you?
Connecting With Other Widows In Order To Cope With My Grief. Since losing my husband earlier this year, I have become closer online with other widows. Old friends from my New York days and several friends in Los Angeles have been an unexpected comfort. They have known the pain, and by their example, I see a glimmer of light.
What Makes A Wedding Truly Spectacular. We just went to a wedding and I am excited to share what I call 'the happening'! My husband Shelly and I didn't know what to expect as we drove to Bloomington, Indiana to attend the wedding weekend at the University of Indiana of our grandson Logan to his love, Annie.
Meeting My Future Daughter-In-Law's Family For The First Time. I went to Hong Kong for more personal reasons -- to attend the 92nd birthday party of my future daughter-in-law's maternal grandmother. A week is a long time to be among 'strangers' -- people I had never met and whose culture, heritage, customs and, in some cases, language -- I do not share.
5 Common Misconceptions About Medicaid. I have a confession. I've been avoiding writing about Medicaid. It's so complicated it scares me. But, Medicaid can be really important to daughterhood because someday you might have to decide if it's right for your parent. So you have to get smart about it.
Leal Portis and the Changing Face of Volunteerism. 
Top 4 Holiday Gifts for Fun with your Housemates. 
Can the Sharing Economy Solve the Financial Overload of the Aging Growth Problem?. 
How To Find Out If You're In Love -- Or Addicted To Someone. Elana loved Henry with all her heart. Yet it hadn't always been an easy road for them. They'd broken up at least three times during the two and a half years they'd been together. And when they were apart, an intense longing for the other would occur.
Root Canal Or Annual Performance Review? I Hate Both.. I dread getting my annual judgement handed down to me. I am instantly transported back to the age where naps were part of school and when my favorite activity was building walls and knocking them down with my boyfriend, Clarence.
The Decision I'm Still Haunted By 34 Years Later. I want to be born again in exactly the same circumstances to exactly the same family. But when I come to those pivotal decisions in my life -- those 'forks in the road', so to speak -- I want to choose the OPPOSITE this time around.
7 Tips For Surviving The Holidays When Kids (Or Grandkids) Are Sick. When my children were small I could always count on one thing; if they were going to be sick it would be on the weekend or a holiday. I called it Murphy's Law of parenting. I didn't realize that once we had grandchildren the cycle would start over.
What You Must Be Aware Of When Retiring In Belize. Unlike Mexico, Guatemala, and other countries in the region, Belize has no organized crime. In Belize, no drug cartels are fighting for dominance or control. Luckily, our sleepy little country seems too small to interest those types.
In Today's World, I'm Paralyzed By Fear. I worry when my husband attends a crowded college football game. I worry when I attend any type of religious event. I worry when I'm in a crowded a flea market, when I think about traveling with my family, when I hear a siren screaming in the distance. I worry for the innocence lost, the lives cut short, the souls that leave too early.
6 Ways To Prevent Thanksgiving Meltdown. 'Six Ways to Prevent Thanksgiving Meltdown' or better yet, 'How to Give Thanks, Avoid Angst at Thanksgiving.' Either title's applicable. Who looks forward to sitting down at the Thanksgiving table, surrounded by squabbling relatives?
What It's Really Like To Turn 83. Exactly three years ago, my uncle Morris passed away in Dallas at age 103 plus a few months. He never expected to live that long -- does anyone? But he did, and was alert until his very final days.\nThis happened just as I was giving myself an 80th birthday party in New York.
Why I Decided To Hike The Appalachian Trail At Age 55. Like many women who watched the movie 'Wild,' I was inspired by Cheryl Strayed's courage and how she was able to turn her grief and desperation into triumph. And I wondered if I could do something similar.
9 Reasons Why What You Think About Aging Matters. We live in exciting times because the overall view of aging and what it means to all of us as we grow older is more positive than ever. Finding out why some people age in a positive and healthier way compared to others is under study by dozens of organizations on a regular basis.
How To Celebrate The Holidays When You Live Alone. While Christmas might seem far off, the store shelves are already bulging. Sometimes our children and grandchildren are far away, travel is not possible, and we find ourselves left to our own devices. Time for creativity! With a bit of planning, your holiday season can be wonderful!
The Grandma Scam That Is Sweeping The Country. The voice on the other end of the phone couldn't have been more enthusiastic. \Hi grandma!\ said a late teen-early 20-ish voice. It definitely wasn't one of my grandsons, the oldest of whom is seven.
Decluttering with Tigers. I've given myself a year to clear out this house, put it on the market, find a terrific apartment and move there with only my Truly Necessary Items. Plus a bunch of plush tigers.
How To Break Your Internet Addiction. For a while, I've been complaining about people who overuse the Internet. People who walk across intersections while staring at their phones. At first, only the young were afflicted. And that was fine with me. Now, however, the epidemic has spread.
10 Must-Do Health Checks For Women Over 50. Early detection is key to staying healthy. The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality suggests women over 50 complete these 10 essential health checks.
What This Nice Guy Wishes He'd Said On All His Past Dates. I've written before that I used to go on a lot of dates, and I've written more recently that I think I'm a pretty nice guy. Those two things -- one fact, one personal opinion -- converged over the years in my not saying some things on dates that I probably should have said. Here are a few of those:
Why We Don't Do Halloween Anymore. This Halloween, I choose not to be assaulted by marauding packs of greedy teenagers who terrorize the neighborhood and think I owe them free candy to stuff into their dirty pillowcases
The Highs And Lows Of Buying Legalized Marijuana. Recently, I had my attitude checked in a marijuana dispensary. You read that right
Who Will Zip Up My Dress Now That I'm A Widow?. Grief has changed my life forever. I am not the person I was three months ago. What existed in my life before my husband Peter died has been suddenly altered. Nothing is the same, nor will it ever be so. What was important to me before is meaningless now.
A Tale Of Two Bullies. Donald Trump and Chris Christie are both brash, egomaniacal, bullying Northeasterners running for the nation's top job. They both seem to derive genuine pleasure from puffing themselves up and putting everyone else down. So why is Trump soaring in the polls, and Christie gasping for air?
The Simple Mind Trick That Helped Me Lose Weight. People who I haven't seen in 10 years say I look younger at 51 then I looked at 40.  I always feel a little bad when they say that, and think to myself, \Did I look that bad back then?\ The answer is, I didn't look bad, so much as unhappy. Or, I should say, not willing to embrace the secret optimist I was.
Yelp For Human Beings Is A Truly Horrible Idea. Did you hear about the soon-to-be-released app, 'Peeple?' Think Yelp for humans. Yes ... applying a rating scale to humans. Yes ... really.
A Letter To My Dearly Departed Husband Peter. My grief therapist says I should write to you. So I am writing a letter to you like a kid writes to Santa. The letter will never reach its recipient, but the writing is therapeutic. Maybe you will send me a message from the North Pole or wherever you are that you are OK?
6 Steps To Help You Genuinely Forgive Even The Unforgivable. Forgiveness is more about the forgiver than the forgiven. The forgiver moves through the anger and loss and chooses to replace it with a new hope. Yes, sadness will linger, but it is acceptance of what is, and compassion, that bring peace ... and health.
What I Appreciate Most About My Oldest Friends. Other than my wonderful family, my friends are my life's riches, and if I think about it, between my oldest friends, my adulthood friends, and my newer friends, I am rich beyond all measure.
I Was A 56-Year-Old Umbrella Boy Over The Summer. The last day of summer was also my last day being an umbrella boy on Rehoboth Beach, Delaware at 56-years-old. After all, what's an early retiree like me meant to do? It's the greatest job ever.
Dear World, Please Stop Comparing My Twin Daughters. Who's bigger? Who's taller? Who's harder to handle? Who crawled first? Who's your favorite (OK, that one was from an adorable seven-year-old)? These are all common questions from the people that surround me. At just 14-months-old, these questions and comparisons are harmless to the girls. With two side by side, we can't help but compare them.
11 Important Lessons You Learn After You 'Grow Up'. I might not be enrolled in school but I'm a learner...and I've learned enough about life to know that what I know is a drop in the bucket compared to what I don't know.
How To Cope After An Unimaginable Loss. What do you do when the unthinkable happens to a close friend? When one of the things most feared by all comes true? A loss - especially a sudden one - brings on feelings of incredulity and disorientation in all who know and care for the persons involved in a tragic occurrence.
12 Truths We Wish We'd Known When We Were Young. Life is not linear. Your journey will be filled with undulation, crossroads, intersections, detours, bumps and a whole lot of open road. There will be days, months, even years when you will wonder where the hell you are. Hear me now-- you are where you need to be.
The Simple Trick To Stop Forgetfulness. in order to retain information, we must put it somewhere. And that \somewhere\ has to be a place that is easily accessed.If you are a normal humanoid, your brain probably resembles a large toy chest. The toy chest contains all kinds of wonderful things in it. In fact, it contains everything you need to remember.
The Exercise That Can Resuscitate Your Sex Life. I have a midlife client we'll call Mercedes L'Estrange. She's been working my \Married Sex Resuscitation Program\ and was kind enough to allow me to share her most recent story.
The Pros And Cons Of Pumpkin Spice. It's flavored coffee. People look forward to it all year... either that or they look forward to the whole \love to hate\ aspect of it all. I don't get why people get their undies in a bunch because the Internet talks about pumpkin spice.
The Surprising Key To Feeling Sexy. Albert Einstein may have suffered from cognitive decline but no one was smart enough to know. Memories don't start declining until very late in life. If you're doing it right, there is more in stored in memory as life rolls on. And filing can be a problem.
'I Think The Neighbor Likes Me'. He's about my age. His white hair is long and full, but not so much that he looks like he never found his way home from a Grateful Dead concert. I see him walking through the neighborhood all the time.
A Screen Legend's Appeal To Congress To Stop 'Chronic Elder Abuse'. In March 2011, the 90-year-old Mickey Rooney, a national treasure and an award-winning film legend best known for his work in such classic movies as 'National Velvet,' headed to Capitol Hill in Washington to address the elder abuse problem in the United States.
The Only Thing Donald Trump Offers His Supporters. My 8-year-old granddaughter knows not to call people names or make fun of someone's looks, and she rarely makes funny faces when she hears something she doesn't like. So, she already displays more maturity and readiness for the presidency than does Donald Trump.
Just One Debate Question For Donald Trump. There is one question it would be wonderful for someone to ask Donald Trump at the Republican debate on Sept. 16
Why Technology Is The Catalyst For A New Era Of Aging In Place. As futurists debate the merits and risks of new technologies, we know today that technological progress is providing solutions for a new generation of older adults who seek to remain active, contributing and connected to their families, friends and communities.
Compose Yourself!. Incidentally, our plates had been delivered by the concert master chef himself and his wife, Viola. The chef was somewhat arrogant, bowed, introduced himself as Rigoletto and urged us to enjoy our meal. Clef said Rigoletto was a big bassoon. Clef even Wagnered his finger at him.
If I'm Over 60, I Must Not Be Having Sex. Thanks to an article on BBC.com, we now know that the vast majority of moviegoers would prefer not to see people post-60 having sex onscreen. This fact dovetails with the vast majority of people post-60 who would prefer not to watch themselves having sex.
Discovering That Grace Is More Powerful Than Glory. They say that as you age, you slow down. Your metabolism burns those calories with less zeal, your stamina exhausts much quicker, and your muscles can't handle the weight they once could.
3 Dating Mistakes Women Over 50 Make (And How To Fix Them!). I'd say it's a pretty safe bet you didn't expect to be divorced, single and dating at this time in your life. Right? And because a divorce judge didn't hand you a dating rule book as you left the courtroom, you might be feeling pretty frustrated and overwhelmed with the over-50's dating scene.
A Reality Check For Donald Trump's Supporters. I don't get angry about immigration, legal or otherwise, or about women in power, or about people with Asian or Spanish accents trying to make lives for themselves or their families in the United States.This is, old angry people, the future of America. You can rage against it and try to build fences and you may win in the very short run. But in the long run, you will lose.
The One Sign Of Aging We All Dread. Saturday night, I tripped on an uneven sidewalk coming home from a neighbor's dinner party. It was dark. I had had a bit too much (for me) to drink. I was wearing shoes that were comfortable but not too ugly, so yes, they made me less stable. Just to be safe and because we had enjoyed a lovely evening, I was holding my husband's hand. And down I went.
9 Rules Of Instagram That Were Made To Be Broken. My friend shared an article from Vogue online with me this week and I found it quite enlightening It wasn't about the latest crazy fashion trends but about a subject near and dear to my heart - social media.My heart sank a little bit when I read this article. I learned I have been breaking the rules of my beloved Instagram.
Why I Delayed Cancer Surgery And Why It Was Totally Worth It. In reality, even with 19 and a half hours, getting anything done on the boat other than\u00a0eating, drinking, peeing, sleeping, is not easy. Maybe it's the rocking. Maybe it's the birds, the clouds, the soft crests of the sea. Maybe because it is so very easy to sit and look out at the ocean and completely space out.
5 Things Every Parent Needs To Know About Senior Year. 
The Hidden Perk Of Parenting That Has Nothing To Do With Your Kids. Since the birth of my twins, I have talked to more people, made more new friends, and generally experienced a more extroverted lifestyle than ever before. Never before babies would I have talked to strangers, initiated conversations with those I don't know, commiserated with literally anyone who would listen.
The Only Guacamole Recipe You'll Need This Summer. To all the kids going away to college this fall, from the parents who have been feeding them
Why Uncles Are The Absolute Best. I was accorded several real uncles, who appeared automatically in my life the day I was born. But like most of the kids in my Long Island neighborhood in the 1950s, I was also entitled to other \uncles,\ not related to our family but connected in a way that was just as real.
Why Medicare Needs To Grow Up. Happy 50th birthday, Medicare! In just 15 years, you'll qualify for federally funded health insurance. Well, maybe.
This Is How You Handle A Retired Partner. When our husband were mainly career-driven, their minds were filled to capacity with how to make and keep their money for their families' security. When they slow down their minds relax; they only do what gives them pleasure and thus they have more time on their hands. They need us!
Why So Many Adult Kids Continue To Move Back Home. If you're wondering whether the living-with-the-parents trend impacts young adults who have or don't have a college education, the Pew study shows there is a difference. It shows that 86 percent of those with college degrees live independently of their family compared to 88 percent five years ago and 90 percent in 2007.
4 Essential Tips To Help You Care For Aging Parents. Other than divorce and death of a loved one, few things are more disorienting than the shift from being cared for by your parents to caring for your parents. The change creates some serious turbulence.
4 Ways To Deal With Job Rejection. As a job-seeker over 50, you have likely faced one of the most frustrating aspects of looking for work
The One Rule For Letting Go Of Baggage In Your 50s. Let's talk about the forgotten 50s. There's not much work out there that focuses on the developmental psychology of these years, but their significance for a generative later life is profound.
Who's That Lady?. Having relocated to a bigger house in a smaller community in 2014, I have not found it difficult to find employment.  Kudos to local employers for respecting the skillset offered by a job candidate with a lengthy resume. The challenge for me has been finding a place where I fit and feel validated.
Expiration Date Unknown. 
Saying Goodbye To My Companion Of 42 Years... My Dryer. Last week, my 42-year-old dryer gave up the ghost, mid-load. Worse, I think I killed it. I put a wet heavy blanket in it and turned it on to the high cycle, something I've done numerous times before. But under the strain, its aged heart, er, power relay, gave out and it tumbled its last. Services are pending.
Here's Why The College Admissions Process Is Bonkers. Yes, California has a financial crisis. But why are we taking it out on California's students? Denying them the opportunity to attend their state university? Forcing them to attend colleges out of state and pay higher tuition when we, the residents, are paying taxes to support 'our' university system?
5 Of The Best -- And Most Useful -- Swag Items. What are my top five swag items? Well, here you go. Key chain. I can never have enough key chains.
Living In The Shadow Of My Daughter's Anorexia. Eight years ago I finally faced up to the fact that all was not well with my beautiful 14-year-old daughter's health. She had over many months and in all reality a number of years been gradually changing her eating and exercise habits. I didn't want to see, I didn't want to name it.
How To Feel Younger Each Year Without A Facelift. Some people think I'm younger than I really am. Maybe because I have a full head of hair. But at my age, I didn't expect to still have any hair. So I celebrate it by blow drying it every morning. Get it huge. Then it deflates through the day in direct proportion to my life's disappointments.
How Theatre Helped Me Embrace My Age. It is because of my age and experience that I have the wisdom in how to direct and contain my energy more productively. It's a shame that the film industry and most industries see women in their 50s as too old when really it is our best decade.
Meet The 70-Year-Old Hiking The Pacific Crest Trail. My friend Tony and I just returned from meeting up with our friend who we nicknamed Mountain Man Mike, in Tuolumne Meadows, Yosemite, California, one of the world's most spectacular locations. We were Mike's fourth resupply on his 1,800-mile journey along the Pacific Crest Trail.
10 New Books Everyone Should Read This Summer. So many books, so few hours at the beach! Get your summer reading on with these 10 great novels that will take you near and far, from the present to the past. Don't forget the sunscreen!
What Turning 50 REALLY Feels Like. I've heard that with age comes wisdom; I'm more apt to say awareness. My appreciation for the good things that have come my way has grown. My understanding of the part I've played in some of the bad things has deepened.
The Simple Way To Find Happiness In Every Day. During periods of darkness in our lives we have to search for the light. It's always there but at times we may have to get out a magnifying glass to see it. The light (or happy) isn't shined in our eyes like the bright lights of an oncoming car, we have to search for it in the corners and crevices. It's like the flower that finds a crack in the side walk and blooms.
10 Things Every Woman Wants Her Mother-In-Law To Know. Family unity and healthy interactions, who could possibly be against that? Not many! I've got two daughters-in-law who are precious to me and one more soon to be welcomed joyously into our family. I find myself always trying to be a well intentioned, non-meddling mother-in-law. Sometimes, I even succeed. Sometimes I don't.
How I Got My Butt Kicked By A Woman In The Gym. I have had my ass kicked in New York City gyms so many times by a super fit, high energy woman who has pushed me through a tsunami of sweat to discover muscle fibers that I never knew existed and muscle soreness that I never knew was possible.
6 Ways To Start Living A Life Of No Regrets -- Now. 
The Thing Nobody Ever Tells You About Sex In Middle Age. I don't have a partner in my life right now. But when this special man does show up, I won't be able to be sexually intimate without pain and days-after discomfort, unless my body is being helped along with the enhancing effects of this daily medication.
9 Ways To Deal With Running Into Your Ex. If you're divorced, your child's wedding can be emotional if your ex is there. High50 Claire Mason outlines nine strategies to help you enjoy the day, such as focusing on the bride and groom-to-be rather than past events.
4 Must-Know Tips for Your Parent's Hospital Stay. The truth is that, when you're dealing with a hospital, you have to be vigilant and firm -- right from the very beginning. As crazy as it sounds, you cannot assume that the hospital knows what it's doing or has your parent's best interests at heart.
When and How Social Security Checks Are Delivered. Generally, Social Security retirement benefits (as well as disability and survivor benefits) are paid in the month after the month they are due. So, if you apply for your Social Security benefits in September, you will receive your September benefits in October.
How Living Apart Has Made My Spouse And Me Closer Than Ever. During 27 years of marriage, we had long passed the point of taking each other for granted. It didn't help that we worked opposite schedules for so many years -- becoming almost alternating parents. In the past year, we've made a conscious effort to change that focus.
Leave Your Healthcare Woes Behind By Moving To Mexico. I didn't move abroad just for access to cheaper medical care. Rather, I did it for the sheer joy and exuberance I get from the overseas experience. I also did it for lifestyle considerations that, indirectly, also improve my health.
10 Things Midlifers Should Know About Today's Workplace. 
How Losing Weight Can Be Bad For A Relationship. Sarah was heavily overweight most of her life. At the age of 55 and with a pre-diabetes diagnosis, Sarah came to me for guidance on how to improve her health and perhaps shed a few pounds. Fast forward six months and Sarah has lost about 44 pounds BUT may be losing her husband in the process.
The Behavior Grownups Should Model Every Day. When in doubt, choose kindness. It's what we try to teach our children, right? But it shouldn't end with teaching our kids, it should be part of the behavior we grownups model every day.
PTSD a Growing Problem for Our Returning Veterans. A few months ago, my son was diagnosed with PTSD. While he may never go back to the loving, care-free boy he used to be, with help and time maybe one day soon he'll become a man that can look in the mirror and be proud of himself because his momma already is.
A Quick And Natural Fix For Dry Eyes. A lot of women are entirely unprepared for the onset of menopause. And many will spend time researching what they can expect. Hot flashes and mood swings are the two most common symptoms. But about 61 percent of menopausal women also suffer from dry eye symptoms.
Why So Many Boomers Have Been Bitten By The Nostalgia Bug. Many boomers have been bitten by the nostalgia bug. In response, many marketers are using nostalgia to sell everything from whiskey to perfume and cars to sneakers. Let's take a closer look at the concept of nostalgia, and learn how the power of the past can spell good business in the present.
10 Things Only Those Who Love An Introvert Would Understand. Do you love someone who has to be dragged kicking and screaming to parties, and then has to spend the next day alone so he or she can decompress?
Ladies, Why Can't We All Just Get Along?. Just as one would never go into a marriage with the expectation of it leading down that bumpy road of divorce, the same applies to friendships. You go into friendship eager to forge what you hope will be a lifelong bond with that person upon whose shoulder you can lean, let down your guard and be as silly as any nonexistent law allows.
10 Ways To Stay Mentally Healthy And Happy In Your 50s. We all know about looking after our physical health by eating well, being active and getting enough exercise. But when it comes to mental health we're less likely to think about the positive choices we can make when we're healthy in order to stay healthy. Yet mental wellbeing is just as important
10 Tips For Handling Stress. Depression causes people to isolate themselves, and isolation leads to further decline in mood.  Getting around other people can help break the cycle. If you're not able to get out by yourself, ask for help from a friend, family member, or neighbor.  Join a community center.  Take a class.
5 Reasons Summer Is SO Much More Stressful Than It Used To Be. 
What It's Like To Lose Everything In A Flood. After the Houston floods, I lost my home. No matter how positive you expect me to be about this,  give me and others who are in the same boat time to grieve our lost lives without telling us it is a whole 'new adventure.' I would not wish this 'adventure' on my worst enemy.
The Secret To Acing A Job Interview. Savvy job-seekers recognize that every employer is looking for the same thing
6 Reverse Mortgage Tips To Rely On When Shopping Lenders. A reverse mortgage is a viable proposition for homeowners age 62 and over. It allows them to access their available home equity while still holding the title to their home. The extra income can be used as the borrower sees fit, from remodels to medical bills or just to meet monthly obligations.
New Report Sheds Light On The Anti-Aging Market. 
17 Things You Should Never Say To A Friend With Breast Cancer. I don't want to sound like an ungrateful bitch but I feel the need to vent a little. I have cancer, so you will have to forgive me.
Strong Dollar Makes This Colonial Caribbean Haven A Bargain. Founded by the Spanish in 1533, Cartagena grew quickly to become a thriving seaport. At one time it was second only to Mexico City in commercial importance in the Western Hemisphere. Today Colombia's best-known city on the Caribbean is also an appealing coastal retirement option.
Inside 5 Of The World's Most Expensive Hotels. When money's no object, then there's ample reasons to stay in the five most expensive hotels in the world. Of course, for most of us, this is not a reality. But we can still dream ... can't we?
5 Ways Summer Is Aging You -- And How To Prevent It. 
13 Pieces Of Beauty Advice We'd Love To Give Our Younger Selves. 
THIS Is How To Afford Living Abroad. When you're researching your options for retirement or work abroad, it's not unusual to run into indexes and rankings of the relative cost of living in different countries. These can be excellent guides when comparing various locations.
Reclaiming My Dad On Father's Day. When life throws you a 100 mph curve ball, that hits you in the face ... and then another, and another, there are lots of things you can do. If you're a child, set on survival, you block it out and move on.
18 Things That Whisk Us Back To The Summers Of Our Youth. 
The Gifts Of Middle Age I Had Been Taking For Granted. I'm grateful that I no longer look to other people to give me answers. I learned this the hard way, when I woke up at 50 realizing that I'd been living someone else's life, and it hadn't worked out well.
What The Dog And Cat Hear When We Speak To Them. 'Mummy's home!' is what I say when I return. When the cat hears that she assumes reason has been restored to her life because she is the Queen and I am the Prime Minister. But when the dog hears this, he knows that the lady who dispenses food is back where she needs to be to feed him. And all is right in the world.
What I Should Have Asked My Father Before He Died. This is my fifteenth Father's Day without my dad. He died of heart failure, a couple of months shy of his 79th birthday. He took his last breath quite peacefully while I sat by his bedside. He was gone. And so was a family history I'd neglected to plumb.
8 Foods That Are Super Good For Your Skin. 
Nursing Home Placement Can Be the Most Loving Choice for a Person With Alzheimer's. Standing back and looking at the situation more objectively, however, it becomes clear that sometimes nursing home placement is the most loving course of action for the person with Alzheimer's.
Bridge Players Hope to Trump Alzheimer's. While the disease is serious, the approach to fundraising can be unexpected, fun and downright quirky. Games typically start at sunrise and last through the evening. The different strategies for raising funds are as varied as the players.
90 Year Old Father Looking for Long Term Relationship. \I'm getting all these messages and attention because of your blogs,\ he said with conviction. Personally I think it's because of his big heart but, for once I didn't argue with him.
Notes From a Dive Bar XI. Here's a resume. Male, 25-years old, friendly and popular with customers, knowledgeable in the arts of mixology, enthusiastic, responsible, and an asset for your business.
6 Things To Look For In Your Next Home. In recent years, I've watched many friends abandon the homes they thought would serve them until the end of their days. These friends had many -- and sometimes quite unexpected -- reasons for moving.
Why We're Spending Way Too Much To Look Young. Why does having a bad hair day make you so miserable? How much will you spend to prevent one in the future? Research suggests the prime reason is that hair maintenance helps us control how we appear to age.
How I Found A Simpler Way Of Life By Retiring In The Caribbean. Standing knee-deep in clear Caribbean blue water looking back at the white-sand beach and the swaying palms, I thought it over. I was on vacation, but what was stopping me from living here? Rent here was a fraction of what I paid for my apartment in Washington, D.C.
The Brutal Job Search Reality For Older People Seeking Work. 
Helen Mirren Drops F-Bomb When Calling Out Hollywood's Ageism. 
5 Myths About Hiring Youth Over Experience. I quit my job. That's right. At age 61, almost 62, I quit ... with real hopes I can begin again. The past 16 years have been amazing, teaching and inspiring high school students to love journalism as much as I do. But, things change ... schools change directions and it is time to move forward.
10 Super Cool Ways To Up Your Grandma Game. My grandchildren call me Nana and I love it. I even have a sweatshirt that says, 'My grandchildren call me Nana because I'm too cool to be Grandma.' In fact, I love being a nana so much that I named my blog, NanaHood.
Why Being Judgmental Is Really All About Me. What is it about judging you that makes me feel so good? It's really pretty simple
Talkin' Bout My Generation. Accidents happen. I know this for a fact because I am one. Meaning my existence was not planned, at least not by my parents. My family not only had the normal generation gap between parents and children, but we had a second one of 12 years between my siblings and me.
The Most Common Questions About Boomer Dating, Answered. 
Why Cincinnati's Library Once Collected Snails. The idea for this story started, innocently enough, with a short article in the current issue of LibraryLinks, the newsletter of The Public Library of Cincinnati and Hamilton County.
9 Perfect Holidays For Travelers Seeking Something Different. It appears our generation is becoming more demanding when it comes to holiday destinations. No longer satisfied with the usual haunts, or with sitting by the hotel pool, we are roaming further afield, seeking out adventures and following in the footsteps of offspring who took off in their teens.
7 Books Every Middle-Aged Person Should Read This Summer. 
Men's 6 Pet Peeves About Women's Online Dating Profiles. Last week I shared my six pet peeves about middle-aged men's online dating profiles, and I promised everyone that this week I'd focus on middle-aged women's online dating profiles.
How To Change Toxic Family Communication. Everyone has experienced moments of feeling smothered or frustrated by the interference and advice of a concerned family member. However, often out of a sense of worry family members tend to invade personal space. When this happens the communication dynamic changes and may become toxic.
How To Protect Yourself From Smartphone Scams. Do you remember the first time you encountered an Internet scam? Maybe it was an email scam where if you opened a suspicious email or attachment, you were susceptible to picking up a virus that could harm your computer.
Thousands of Social Security Retirees Still Paying Back Student Loans, Thousands Seeing a Portion of Their Social Security Check Seized. More than 700,000 U.S. households headed by people 65 and older are living with student debt. According to a 2014 report from the Government Accountability Office, these older Americans still owe more than $18 billion in student loans.
Why I Love Being Over 50. Other people's opinion of my body or appearance is fading faster than my firm chin line. I'm comfortable in my own skin... even though it seems to be stretching in interesting spots. I've come to terms with my body, my age, my looks.
Why Happy Hours May Soon Replace Early Bird Specials. For me, the early-bird specials that I shared weekly on Sundays with my aunts were an edible symbol of what growing old looked like. Sure you would save a few dollars by eating off-hours, but wasn't there something else being lost?
5 Steps That Will Make You Love Online Dating. When I first started dating in my mid 40s, I had no clue what to do when it came to navigating the world of online dating sites.
The Fascinating Truth About Women And Sex After 50. You have to let go of the idea that women over the age of 50 have a diminishing or lower libido after menopause. That simply does not have to be true. What may be more to the point is the need to let go of their own perceptions of what sexuality is all about.
THIS Is Why So Many Boomers Are Delaying Retirement. If you're a boomer who feels as if you're stuck at the threshold of retirement but can't quite cross it, welcome to the Threshold Generation. Why are so many boomers delaying their retirement? Here are clues to the answer.
Here's What Just One Bad Night's Sleep Can Do To You. 
Elder Abuse Growing into a National Crisis. Do you know what America's \dirty little secret\ is? The hidden problem of elder abuse, according to the National Clearinghouse on Abuse in Later Life (NCALL). Here's what you should know about this serious social problem.
The Benefit of Making Noise In And Out of Bed. I never realized the connection between my vagina and my voice until I started researching orgasm at age 45.
The 5 Aggravations Of Cohabitation. I love my husband. But there are some bits about cohabitation that are just not my favorite bits.
Retirement Mistakes To Avoid If You Plan To Retire Soon. 
How To Dress For Summer As An Older Woman. 
50 Things We've Learned By Age 50. 
Live And Live A Life. You're prompted to move in your hospital bed. Simple things like moving arms and legs. Sitting up and lying down. Changing positions. Rolling over.
How Model Valerie Ramsey Is Opening New Worlds For Older Women. 
David Geist Opens Up About Events That Brought Him Closer To The 'Flame'. From his home in New Mexico, Geist spoke about his journey and how he got to the place where he knew it was time to reinvent himself and create a new life.
Why This Boomer Man Has Never Felt More Alive. Most boomers at the upper end of the demographic know healthy diet and regular exercise help maintain a youthful body. And while physical exercise doesn't do much to prevent a boomer's spirit from aging, a new adventure can.
13 Things I Will Never Have To Do Again In My Empty Nest. My youngest son heads off to college in August. When he finally slams the screen door, he will be emptying the nest my husband and I began to fill 22 years ago. With his departure, I reflect on a few things that, frankly, I am more than a little ready to let go of.
What Was Better? The 1960s Or 1970s?. When you think about it, the 1970s weren't as bad as those of us who tend to prefer the 1960s often like to say. There was unquestionably some good entertainment and some good times, even if we didn't like the clothes we were wearing.
Why Midlife Is Often The Age Of Regret. The man in my life begins to rattle off a list of regrets. His jaw is set and resting in his hand, his gaze is fixed somewhere in the distance, and his voice is unusually monotone. I tell myself he's melancholy because of a recent birthday. 50 is tough enough. 60 can be tougher.
Alzheimer's and Making Peace With God. Facing the Herculean challenges of caregiving requires all the strength you can muster, including spiritual strength. It has been our experience that caregivers who develop what we would call \spiritual intentionality\ are better able to face these challenges and retain their joy and hope than those who seek to go it alone, fueled by denial, anger and resentment.
People With This Blood Type Have More Gray Matter Than The Rest Of Us. 
June, Weddings and Father's Day. It's June, the month of Father's Day and weddings. With that in mind, I thought I would combine the two in one post about my favorite step-father and my wedding many years ago.
Busted! 5 Myths About Sex After 50. The over-50, midlife, baby boomer sexual being has arrived. And what they want is support and information around how to expand their sexuality with changing bodies.
Welcome to the Wonderful World of Noz. Our obsession with high octane energy has turned us into jittery cartoon characters, accelerating like the Road Runner with nowhere to go. We don't stroll; we spring. We don't rest; we crash.
A Grandmother's Legacyg. My grandmothers were the quintessential matrons
You Will Find Your Voice. Sharing my life experiences as a mature woman by blogging comes naturally, because sharing is caring and I feel I have a lot to share.
My QEII Obsession. Did you obsess about someone in your childhood or teenage years? Someone in the time before the Internet that you idolized with posters, newspaper stories or color photos from a newsstand magazine?
What New Research Tells Us About Moms Who Work Outside The Home. In spite of the rising percentage of working moms, the belief that working moms are bad for children persists.
An Invitation To DO SOMETHING About The Environment. In a world that sometimes feels like it's going to hell in a handbasket (and the handles of the hand-basket are ratty and chafing), Life in the Boomer Lane invites you to step back and ask the following
Travels With My Dad. No matter what age I was when we traveled, I knew my father would get us to our destination safely. He would take care of everything (hotels, car rentals, food, souvenirs, fun).
6 Strange Facts About Clint Eastwood In Honor Of His 85th Birthday. 
The Mantra That's Helping Me Let Go Of My Grown Son. I have a good relationship with my almost 21-year-old son. But I have heard about it. The fate that is waiting for me. Listened with a tiny bit of dread. 'You know, boys just don't stay close to their moms when they settle down. They are closer to their wives' family, not to you anymore.'
Retirees Enjoy Low-Cost, High Quality Healthcare In This Beautiful Latin American Country. Bobby and Becca spent much of their lives devoted to educating Tennessee schoolchildren. But as retirement neared, the couple knew their teachers' pensions wouldn't be enough to allow them to continue living comfortably just outside Nashville. So they retired to Ecuador.
A Look At Brooke Shields' Life And Career As The Star Turns 50. As she turns 50, Brooke Shields says she has found self-confidence. 'I struggled with it forever because I was always trying to navigate my mother, or the public, or people, or an image, or whatever,' she said.
10 Excellent Pieces Of Unsolicited Advice You Shouldn't Ignore. I'm a big fan of giving unsolicited advice. Others may not be big fans of it, but that's okay. I have strong opinions and I'm often compelled to share them, even when people wish I wouldn't. Here are a few nuggets of wisdom.
Top 9 Places To Retire Overseas So The Grandkids Will Visit. One of the biggest downsides to retiring overseas can be the distance it can put between you and your grandkids. If this is a concern, consider choosing your retire overseas destination accordingly. That is, pick a place to relocate in retirement that'd appeal to your grandkids, as well.
A Big Myth About How To Spot A Narcissist. 
Open At Your Own Risk. Neither my nails nor scissors worked this time, so I called my husband, Mighty Marc, who continues to be a fine example of virile manhood. At 79, he still cuts his own meat and chews with his own teeth. If anyone could do it, he could.
Surviving the Houston Floods. This time there was no warning. There was no hurricane, no tropical storm warning -- just a flash flood warning, which is common in Houston and usually doesn't mean homes will flood.
Single Mom of 3 Finds Hope Two Months After East Village Explosion. Diane did not tell her three small children that on the night of March 27, the only home they had ever known was gone.
Road Rules For Successful Cross-Generational Trips. Taking my 70-year-old-plus in-laws on a 1,800-mile, seven-day road trip had potential relationship calamity written all over it.
What About The Girls?  Josh Duggar's Dirty Laundry. I can only imagine the terrible pain I would face it one of my boys told me they'd done something to hurt an innocent young girl. It would be indescribably hard to do the right thing and speak up. But as a mom to a daughter, it would be impossible not to.
Why We Should Erase The Concept Of A Fixed 'Retirement Age'. The old-age dependency ratio we rely on has a big, glaring weakness
Fitness In Middle Age Linked To Healthier Brain In Later Years. 
8 Signs That You May Have Found 'The One'. When it comes to choosing men, especially online, are you looking for men who are 'your type'? As we age, we are going to want more in a partner than just his looks and we will more than likely need more, especially in our golden years.
The 9 Most Addictive Foods (And How To Stop Eating Them). 
George Clooney On Why He'll Never Dye His Hair. 
My 6 Pet Peeves About Middle-Aged Men's Online Dating Profiles. I have been a member of a popular online dating service for a little over a year now, and I have to say that, overall, I'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of men I've met online. Yet despite my generally positive experiences, I have come across a few (hundred) profiles that completely baffle me.
When You're Friends With A Supermodel. I have super supportive friends. In fact, I have super supportive friends who just happen to be supermodels. The super-est of them all is Cheryl Tiegs. Yes, THAT Cheryl Tiegs. The woman who is frequently described as the first American supermodel.
In Defense Of Grocery Store Cashiers. I chat with cashiers, visit with bank tellers, and linger at the Farmer's Market to talk with the friendly folks who barter their goods for my cash. For me, the exchange of serious business is better with real human interaction.
Instead Of A Fork In The Road I've Come Upon A Roundabout. I've been feeling rather lost lately. I made a decision about a year ago to take a risk and pursue a passion and a life dream, and now I'm not so sure I made the right choice. Let me explain.
Positive Steps To Protect Yourself Against Breast Cancer. Until recently, many people were of the mind that breast cancer was more common during the golden years, but we are hearing more and more that the diagnosis can strike during the third and fourth decades of a woman's life.
How to Find and Choose a New Doctor. Thanks to the Internet, finding and researching doctors is a lot easier than it use to be. Today, there's a wide variety of websites you can turn to that provide databases of U.S. doctors, their professional medical histories, and ratings and reviews from past patients on a number of criteria.
Gender And Family Relationships Affect Caregiver Strain. 
Giving Respect To Those Who Were Silenced -- And Those Who Were Not. Had there been a draft when my sons were coming of age, I would have become an anti-war activist. No way would I have let my Cal and Corey go to Iraq or Afghanistan without putting up a fight. But there was not a draft, and my children did not enlist. And so I became one of the silent ones.
7 Fashion Tips For Menopausal Women. Lesson learned this week
The Simple Words That Reminded Me To Live In The Moment. The message isn't to live in fear of what might happen. The message isn't to live in a state of terror and angst. For me, the message is simply to live. Now. Today. To share our gifts and our love and our fears and our vulnerabilities. To live to the fullest extent of who we are. All of who we are. It's all we have. And it's everything.
5 Tips To Help You Deal With An Estranged Child. In my studies of the lives of older Americans, I learned that almost nothing is as painful to them as estrangement from an adult child. When I wrote a blog post on this topic, it led to an extraordinary outpouring of interest that both surprised and moved me. When we reach the later years, our dream is to be surrounded by loving children and grandchildren.
5 Naughty Words We Should All Use More Often. Most of us were taught as children not to say certain words. But some of those words are really powerful and we need to take back that power.
20 Must-See Summer Movies For Grownups. 
Grandmother Gives Birth To Quadruplets At Age 65. 
Why It's Impossible To 'Fail' At Retiring Abroad. Over our years of living abroad, we've talked to more than a few people who have a secret fear. It's a fear shared by people just beginning to think about retiring or working abroad and by folks who have already made the move. The secret fear is this ... what if I fail?
50 Telltale Signs You're Not As Young As You Used To Be. 
6 Rules For Fighting With Your Spouse. 
Grandma's Travel Emergency Kit. Some say Eleni is foolhardy trying to combine a book tour with round-the-clock breastfeeding and a super-dramatic threenager. I say it's a good opportunity for me to have fun, refine my Grandma emergency kit and dredge up old college drinking songs to sing to Nicolas.
What I Learned From Horses About Yoga and Life. As we rested in Savasana one evening and the teacher called out, \Sigh and let it all go,\ Cherie, a Clydesdale Thoroughbred Cross, chimed in with a lovely whinny. Clearly, horses and yoga went hoof and hand here.
This 52-Year-Old Discovers The Road To Hollywood Has Many Potholes. 
How Ricky Schroder Went From 'Silver Spoons' Child Star To War Journalist. 
At 70, Moving Past Her Daughter's Suicide By Taking Care Of Herself And Others. 
The Day I Watched My Father Make Music In A Retirement Home. I had gone into an old folks' home with dad a couple of years prior to take a chair to one of his friends. I was horrified. It was an eye opener as I found many of the people inside of the home were actually already dead with their heads hanging, but they were still using oxygen.
The New Sexual Revolution Begins At 50. With kids in various stages of launching -- and a healthy dose of wisdom acquired after years of unpacking our baggage -- middle age actually unlocks a psychological and sexual renaissance.
Drink This After Waking Up To Kick Your Metabolism Into Overdrive. Lemon shots are a great way to start your day. Lemon juice, mixed with water, helps in relieving the symptoms of indigestion such as heartburn and bloating. Once you understand the science behind how a lemon shot each morning helps with your metabolism, you'll be a convert for sure.
Celebrating Director Hal Gurnee As David Letterman Says Goodbye. Let's talk about Hal Gurnee, who directed David Letterman for many years. As one of the best directors Letterman ever had the pleasure of working with, here's a little something about how Gurnee got the late-night talk show off the ground each day.
5 Things Baby Boomers Miss Most Part 5. I have come to notice over the past few years that my \little dancing friend\ doesn't show up as often in the mornings.
Why More Americans Are Going For A Second Marriage. When women ask me as a 52-year-old male why I've never been married, it's always insinuated that there's something wrong with me, or I must be a swinging bachelor who just needs a good woman to show him the way.
In Praise Of Involved Fathers. All the chatter about fathers not being involved in their children's lives sometimes confuses those of us who had the privilege of raising our children by ourselves. We wouldn't have had it any other way, so it is difficult to comprehend why any father would not want to be involved.
Positive Aging Movement Takes Off. I'm happy to say that seniors are finally getting some respect! Until recently, public media often portrayed aging inaccurately as an inevitable negative and pathological condition while giving little attention to the pleasures and benefits of this later life stage.
Mature Job-Seeker? Here's How To Land A Summer Job. Think summer jobs are just for kids? Well ... think again! Now is just the right time and you are at just the right age to land an adventure-filled position that will prove both fun and rewarding. The seasonal job market has opened up to applicants of all ages.
18 Fashion And Beauty Truths Only Those 50 And Over Understand. 
The 4 Things In My Closet I Could Never Get Rid Of. Warmer weather finally convinced me that it was time to put up the winter sweaters and get out my summer clothes. Working in my closet is not a job I enjoy, most likely because I am a sentimental fool. Every season I go through each piece of clothing and ask myself if it's a keeper.
5 Absolutely Essential Apps For Your Phone And Tablet. 
Trying To Find The Light At The End Of The Depression Tunnel. My intention in writing about depression is to share my experiences frankly and openly in the hope that something inspires or supports another going through their own hell. Depression is a serious illness and one that sadly carries a huge stigma. It frustrates me that people are fearful.
5 Ways To Reframe Aging With Subtlety And Grace. Recognizing that you are undergoing subtle changes in the aging process require less literal thought and more mindful awareness.
The Tropical Retirement Hot Spot Right On The Equator. We've all heard stories about people retiring and moving to some far-flung place in a tropical paradise for pennies. But are there really places where people can live the good life for less than half of what it would cost in the US? Is it really possible?
7 Scams That Can Absolutely Wreck Your Finances. 
How This 65-Year-Old Is Beginning A New Chapter With Parkinson's. 
When Someone You Love No Longer Recognizes You. Most of us can't begin to imagine a time when our minds might betray us, when our thoughts may stay frozen, unable to make the journey from our brain to our tongue. Unuttered sentences. Lost syllables. The coldness of a silence that imposes itself without want nor welcome.
Why I Would Never Go Back To The Days Of My Children's Youth. I often post photos of my kids on social media sites of times when they were much younger, for things like Way Back Wednesday, Throwback Thursday and even Flashback Friday. Quite often someone will say, don't you wish you could go back in time and re-live those days? My answer is a resounding no.
The Fart Story My Family Can't Stop Laughing About. I don't like the word \fart.\\u00a0I'm a southerner from the Bible belt and my mother raised me to believe it was a dirty word. We were instructed instead to use the word \poot\ and until I went away to college I thought that only crude people used the word fart.
6 Things No One Ever Tells You About Getting In Shape. 
The 24-Hour Boob Job. Life in the Boomer Lane was in the process of tweaking her latest post about the Hubble discovery of phantom objects lurking around dead quasars, when she happened to glance at the following headline, compliments of Newsweek
My Mother, Not Me. By the time LBL's kids were teens, they had developed a real preference for any food product sold in cardboard boxes.
Caring About The Caretakers Of Our Parents, Ourselves. Currently, three million professional caregivers work in the home care field and an estimated 1.8 million more will be needed in the next decade. Trouble is, you can make more money walking your neighbor's dog than you can caring for your neighbor's father.
10 Heartwarming Wedding Photos That Prove It's Never Too Late To Fall Head Over Heels. 
10 Tips to Protect Yourself From Scammers and Safeguard Your Financial Health. If you're presented with a document, such as a contract or an agreement, and you don't fully understand it, don't sign it.
'Mad Men' and Memories We Didn't Know We Have. The trick of \Mad Men\ is that we all watch it and see what's being done so utterly wrong by the characters. We judge them for the choices they make with the wisdom of 45 years of history and change that they could never have predicted.
5 Glorious Pacific Coast Beach Retirement Options. Mexico has suffered a bum rap over the past few years. Drug lords, gang violence, swine flu ... the combination has translated into a dramatic falloff in this country's appeal for would-be American retirees. Meantime, Mexico is home to more than a million American expats. They can't all be misguided.
What It's Like To Come Out Later In Life. When Bruce Jenner came out as transgender, it made me think about boomers coming out of whatever closet they've spent much of their lives in. Whether transgender, gay or lesbian, as a straight, male boomer I wanted to understand their experience, to know how it feels for someone to come out late in life.
Why It's So Important To Think Of Age As A Gift. It only takes one step to change your sedentary life and that step is do it because you want to, not because you have to. I'm told I inspire, if that's true what's the next step? Do you listen to your body and take action? There has to be the desire, the energy, the love for what you are doing.
7 Things My Intergenerational Office Taught Me About Friendship. I am 65, and for the past four years, HuffPost's office in Los Angeles has been my work home. I am the oldest soul in the building, something I've grown used to. I happen to like my officemates -- and believe that that affection is reciprocated. But without a doubt, being the oldest comes with distinctions -- and life lessons.
5 Things Baby Boomers Miss Most Part 4. Now that summer is quickly approaching, I am reminded of one more thing that I really miss from my youth. The warmer weather brings with it bar-b-cues, picnics, baseball games and family get-togethers. These bring out the foods I can no longer eat that I loved when I was younger.
IRIS , A Fabulous Film About A 90+ Fashionista. I've always adored the style-maven Iris Apfel. I've followed her flamboyant fashions and over-sized iconic eyewear since I was in college in the '70s.
Here's How To Instantly Boost Your Dating Confidence. Before being single, if you were like me, you probably didn't give much thought to how men saw you. It really didn't matter. You had your man and at least in the beginning he adored you just the way you were, whether in sweats or in a little black dress.
When Living Longer Isn't Really Living. For years, my mantra has been, 'I don't want to outlive my usefulness.' As long as I am productive, which could be making dinner or helping a friend in need, I will feel useful. When that time ends I want to go quietly and quickly. How do you arrange that? Obviously you can't.
6 Ways To Keep Your Mind Sharp As You Age. 
Aging as Glenda or Elphaba... The Choice I Made. I really am not a fan of the phrase \Aging Gracefully.\ We are all aging from the moment we slide out the birth canal. However, instead of aging gracefully, I choose to \Live Joyfully\ ...out loud and with contentment.
How An Unexpected Encounter Turned Around My Lonely Mother's Day Weekend. The mariachis played horns and guitars in the midst of a large configuration of tables with pink and white balloons floating above. I tried to discern the occasion. Wedding? Baby shower?
First-Time Mom At 50 Is Soon To Be A Lawyer. 
I'm Too Young For This (Crappy) Cataract. I'll admit it. I'm not as young as I like to think I am (27). I'm in my young 40s, and I'm grudgingly proud of it. The only time it remotely bothers me is when I drop my daughter off at preschool, and see other parents at least 10 years younger than me.
My Husband And I Stopped Drinking -- And Now We Have Better Sex. Miranda's husband James wasn't an obvious alcoholic, but he drank too much at parties and could get out of control. So she made him stop, and quitting the booze had benefits for both of them (names have been changed), including the bedroom.
One Of The Most Amazing Chicken Recipes This Cook Has Ever Tried. So it was nagging at me that I had never made up a recipe when I opened up the freezer and saw we had four whole chickens. Most of my life is spent trying to figure out how I am going to use the chicken in our freezer.
Monitoring System Takes Stigma And Stress Out Of Aging Independently. 
The Legacy I Didn't Know I Wanted. Now that I'm in the stage of life where good advice usually involves a recipe loaded with fiber, I realize that what Mama left me was a handbook for life.
The Growing Generational Divide. 
A Game That Explores The Effects Of Alzheimer's Disease. 
Why I Have A F*cK It List In Addition To A Bucket List. The very first thing on my F*%k It List is not caring what others think about me. I've cared about that for far too long and it's time to just say \F*%k It!\
A Puppy's Magical Visit to a Memory Care Facility. I've always heard that pets can reach people with Alzheimer's on a level we cannot. But I was not at all prepared for the profound reaction my little puppy was going to bring about during a recent visit to Ruth, an inveterate dog lover.
7 Things That Cost More As You Grow Older. 
Celebrating Mother's Day When You Didn't Grow Up With A Hallmark Mom. Every year I've struggled with my emotions on Mother's Day. My own children have been fairly hit or miss in recognizing the day
This Grandma Is Seriously Unimpressed By Hawaii. 
Recognizing All Your Moms... Six Questions. It takes so little to show your appreciation on a more frequent basis. Whether it's a quick cup of coffee, a movie, going shopping, a day out on the town or simply telling your Mother how much you love, appreciate and treasure her. Consider doing this often.
A Mother's Day Tribute to My Mother-In-Law. 
How This 60-Year-Old Woman Is Planning A Major Film Festival On A 'Shoestring Budget'. 
A Delicious Way To Use Up Old Bananas. That afternoon she made a smoothie with frozen banana, fresh ginger, spinach, pineapple, hemp seeds and chia seeds. I took a sip. My brain demanded more, right away.
5 Movies Every Grownup Moviegoer Should See This Summer. 
10 Of The Smartest Things Anyone Ever Said About Getting Older. 
On Mother's Day, What My Mother's Stories Taught Me. \You remember I told you how I've been struggling to get my car started on these cold mornings? Whatever the problem was, it seems to have gone away.\ She saw his ever-so-slight smile. It was then that she realized what he'd done. \You've been going out there, haven't you?\
Children With Special Needs Deserve America's Support. Children and adults with special needs deserve America's best effort. As I said recently on national radio, America can do much better than it's doing in the health care field.
The Advantages Of Downsizing When You Move Overseas. Upon arriving in Brazil, I commenced upon a second and simpler life. I quickly immersed myself in teaching English, exercising, studying Portuguese, and building a new circle of friends. I did not miss my old life, or my old stuff.
3 Ways To Avoid High Healthcare Costs In Retirement. 
This Is How Women Can Become More 'Visible' In Midlife. There used to be a time when women of a certain age were respected and held in high esteem. They were recognized for their wisdom and their intuition. They were the keepers of stories. They were the nurturers and caregivers and they were honored for this. Over time that changed.
he Maze of Facebook. She wasn't much for fashion, even when she was alive. However, that truth did not stop me from pausing at the sight of her name, after which I clicked on the site and ordered two pairs of shoes.
How This Son Turned His 78-Year-Old Mom Into A YouTube Star. 
Happy Mother's Daze. I have many regrets about the daughter I was as an angry teen and the imperfect mother I became for my own daughter. I desire their forgiveness while knowing I can only give that to myself.
6 Things You Do That Drive Your Grown Kids Crazy. 
How This 58-Year-Old Is 'Working It' In The Online Dating World. 
How Retiring In Latin America Changed Me For The Better. I recently returned to Ecuador from a two-week spell in the U.S. and I'm still processing the experience. It was fabulous to see family again and connect with co-workers, but my time there was not quite as I expected.
This 71-Year-Old Walked Over 1,000 Miles To Prepare For The Camino. 
Dear Human. We are in danger. We need to get out of this house and away from the cat. He is a psychopath. Did you see what he did to that mouse? Torture and dismemberment are activities associated with antisocial personality disorders. And he exhibits no remorse or guilt. He's not right in the head.
50th Reunion Tales, Part II. On reunion day, the front row of kneelers/sitters was limited to those of any size who would be able to get down on the floor, and, more importantly, be then able to get up without the aid of a harness and pulley system.
The Painful Price Of Aging In Prison. 
10 Things You Can Do To Help You Live To Be 100. 
Saying Farewell To Our Family Home After 24 Years. I know this place. For 24 years we've lived here. I arrived, not quite\u00a030-years-old with my\u00a0one-year-old baby girl in my arms. I had fought moving to the suburbs for two years, but my husband was right -- it was a wonderful place to raise a family. So that's what we did. Now we're leaving.
How To Deal With Aging Parents When You Live Abroad. Every year the number of people embarking on exciting expat assignments increases. For many expats this excitement is dampened by the loss of family we leave behind. They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it is difficult to deny the poignancy of saying goodbye to aging parents.
When Your Kid Leaves Home For Good. When my son accepted the job that will take him away from us, it was different from all of his other departures. Before, I knew he'd be back. There were college breaks and summers. There was the job that took him just a half hour away. But this time, everything is different. He's leaving, and I don't think he's coming back.
How To Cope When You Reverse Roles With Your Aging Parents. I've never felt so conflicted as I did when I packed up 40 years worth of family possessions from the only home I ever knew. Watching your parents age and being the one on the front lines of denial -- I'm not moving, I don't need help, etc. -- slaps you awake into a reality no one wants, or is prepared, to face.
What The Twitterverse REALLY Thinks About Grandparents. 
6 Ways To Make Your Hair Color Last Longer. 
The Veep and Me. I'm at a time in my life when I'm obsessed with minimizing future regrets and, to that end, I feel compelled to agree to just about any experience. How else do I explain saying yes to being a driver in a motorcade for Vice President Biden, being handed the keys to a 15 passenger vehicle and chauffeuring around a bunch of his 20-something staffers and some local journalists?
5 Spring Cleaning Tips For Seniors And Their Families. I remember all too clearly that moment when I was searching through my mother's home, desperate to find her driver's license, her marriage certificate and other important documents that I needed in order to help her.
Might The Sonics Be the Great American Rock Band?. True, The Beach Boys or R.E.M. or Nirvana are better known and had greater immediate impact, but The Sonics -- in the best American tradition -- turned their weaknesses into strengths and in so doing created an entire new aesthetic for recognizing rock at its best.
The Great Nemesis I Encountered Just Before My 50th Birthday. Okay, I won't actually be 50 until August, but I've always done things a little faster than most. I skipped T-ball and went straight to Farm League. I graduated high school at 17. I was the first one from my high school to win a first-place math trophy, and the first to bench press 450 pounds.
How To Rekindle A Lost Passion In Your Life. My partner Sarah has asked me on several occasions in the past few years why I didn't play music in my home. I could never verbalize a reason, but something about her question always made me feel anxious. Still, I pushed the topic aside without ever explaining why to Sarah, or to myself for that matter.
Broadway Legend Richard Jay-Alexander On What Stars Intrigue Him Most. Richard Jay-Alexander has seen it all and worked with everyone when it comes to Broadway and musical theater. Here, finally, he's in the mood to chat.
No, Bruce Jenner Is Not Having a 'Midlife Crisis'. I really had to fight to keep my mouth shut when I heard that midlife crisis comment. Oh, and that other one about 60 being \old\ and too late to make changes.
Nature Is a Gift. She noticed I could not take my eyes off this exquisitely-patterned shell and said, smiling, \I would like to give it to you! Please accept this as my gift from the sea.\
Real-Life Retirement Advice From Savvy 90-Year-Old. At the tender age of 90, retired psychologist Ken Barringer has penned his very first book -- because he wanted to share everything he's learned during his almost two decades of retirement.
New to the Empty Nest. Women so often need someone to nurture, whether it is a growing business, employees, students, community politics, grandchildren, family, or a volunteer organization. The empty nest should be seen as nothing but a new opportunity.
5 Reasons We Love Jay Leno On The Comedian's 65th Birthday. 
3 Couples Married 50 Years Reveal Their Secret To Wedded Bliss. 
You Are the Architect of Your Life. I used to believe you were born an optimist or a pessimist, but I don't anymore. I believe you can manifest your own destiny in many ways.
Elders Try Snapchat For The First Time And Their Reactions Are Priceless. 
How to Talk to Your Elderly Parent About the Dangers of Falling. A simple fall can cause a serious hip fracture, broken bone or head injury, which can lead to hospital stays, disability, loss of independence and even death. But even falls without a major injury can cause seniors to become fearful or depressed, making it difficult for them to stay active.
How To Run Your First  Half Marathon After 50. I recently reached out to fitness expert Joel Harper to get his take on training for a half-marathon. And you know what? He says you can do it, too. Read on to find out his tips:
3 Secrets For Job Search Success In Midlife. Are you over 50 and feeling frustrated by the lack of opportunities in the job market? Do you think you're being overlooked simply because of your age? Are you tired of seeing the jobs go to younger, less experienced applicants? If so... read on!
A Caregiving Story That Truly Defines 'In Sickness And In Health'. When couples say their wedding vows, many of them promise to be faithful to each other through sickness and health. When Betty and Richey Coffey married in 1964 there was no way they could have foreseen the physical and emotional challenges they would endure for the next 50 years.
Are You Smarter Than Menopause? Find Out Now!. Is your brain fog so thick and your mind such a blur that you've considered breaking out the Windex? Are you falling-off-the-chart smart? Or are you just falling apart? Try this fun test to see where your brain cells stand these days.
How One Retired Couple Started A New Life In Panama. Two-and-a-half years ago, Peg Fairbairn and April Hess moved, together, from Texas to Panama. Here's their story, in their own words...
The Gobblers -- A Retirement Fable. Even in retirement, turkeys may be turkeys just to get what they want.
Never Second Best. The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel has been out for more than a month and I have been touched by it as deeply as the first -- perhaps even more -- for having survived the move and in learning to thrive in my new chosen culture, I continue to look for clues that will shape my still unknown future.
THIS Is A Middle-Aged Man's True Path To Happiness. Boys, the belly has to go -- that's what she said, not me. I don't know what it's like in the rest of the country, but here in New York City, women (especially of the executive class) are demanding that guys get in shape -- I mean real true flat belly, rippling arms, kick ass form -- as they should.
Why Women Over 50 Need To Declare Pride In Their Bodies. Women in their 50s are in a precarious position of not being old enough to be seniors but too old to be considered youthful. In many ways we're invisible. We are constantly in search of role models that represent these \tweener\ years. When you add curviness to the mix, the representation becomes even smaller and less flattering.
Why Being 'Respectable' Is Overrated. Respectability takes many forms. When you grow up a certain way, it's expected that you'll travel a certain path
Age and Disability. Where does that leave the battle-worn boomers that are still tasked with bringing home the bacon? Have the first forty, fifty, sixty years of life left you with scars that might qualify as disabilities, and if so, will it help or hurt your chances for gainful employment? Will claiming a disability make it easier to keep the job you already have?
4 Money Moves For A Happier Retirement. 
How The Size And Timing Of Breakfast Impacts Your Entire Day. 
7 Simple Ways To Be A Better Lover. Wondering what you can do to kick things up a notch in the sack? Here are MiddleSexy's top tricks for playing the female Casanova.
Meditation in the Menopause. I can remember the first time I tried to meditate. I was sitting in a room with other men and women and trying my hardest to meditate. The session went for one hour and despite all my good intentions, I was unable to find any solace in the session. Some people were gushing how great they were feeling but I just was not connecting the same way that they were.
Watch This Nana's Adorable Reaction To Her Granddaughter's Portrait Tattoo. 
Mother Nature and Father Time are Cruel. Back in the day, I had a pretty decent body, great hair, good skin and I never appreciated it as I should have. I did some modeling, worked with models and owned a modeling agency. Still, I wasn't happy with my body.
Older But Still Young at Heart. While visiting with family, I'd taken a respite from online dating with men of any age. Home again, I am reticent to jump in. I'm feeling that the odds are against me. The chasm between where I stand and the potential for meeting my mate online seems very wide indeed.
Baby Boomers, You're The Target Now!. At 6:30 p.m. every evening, when the young start to figure out who they will hook up with that night, or what the Kimye's are up to, I usually retire to my comfy chair to watch the evening news.
Seriously Mom, You Can Do Better Than That!. Do I have to explain myself to my own son now that I am just about to turn 60? I gave him the \mom stare\ -- you know the one (trust me, muscle memory brings it right back no matter how many years it's been since you have needed it).
Gratitude And Grief. In my life, one of the people I am most grateful for is my oldest brother Steve. Steve was a musician, a naturalist and poet. He taught me how to play guitar, took me back-packing, encouraged me to read great literature, like Moby Dick, and inspired me to write.
Gene Simmons' Mom, the Holocaust, and Me. In my writing career I have often written Holocaust survivor stories for newspapers and magazines, and I believe in the importance of sharing as many eyewitness accounts as possible. No two stories are the same, and it always amazes me how people clung to their will to live despite atrocities that the world had never seen before.
Menopause and Moods. Once I started getting regular hot flashes, I realized that anxiety frequently went along with them. I'd feel anxious about the hot flashes themselves
The Heartbreak Of Losing Our Family Pet. Last night while the whole family was gathered together to watch a basketball game we noticed Murphy, our Cocker Spaniel, was acting strangely. I called the vet and described his behavior and she advised me to bring him in to the office. I
4 Anti-Aging Beauty Tricks That Will Instantly Turn Back The Clock. 
How Constant Praise May Be Damaging Our Grandchildren. Over the past three generations, theories about self-esteem have dramatically changed. Now the pendulum has swung in the opposite direction and it turns out my grandparents may have been on to something. There is mounting evidence that constant praise may be damaging our grandchildren.
The 7 Ways Yoga Leads To A Better Body. In January I started training to become a yoga instructor. I thought I would share my transformative journey as it unfolds. For fellow yogis -- my stories will remind you of why you practice. For non-yogis -- come along for the ride -- maybe I'll entice you to try a class or two.
Adorable Elevator-Riding Poodle Brings Joy To Nursing Home Residents. 
10 Essential Life Lessons From A Grandma. 
Rita Wilson Diagnosed With Breast Cancer, Has Double Mastectomy. 
4 Questions Everyone Must Ask Their Retirement Advisor. 
Retire In Style To This Latin American Paradise For Just $1,200 A Month. For tourists, Nicaragua is an absolute bargain. The super low cost of everything attracts backpackers, of course, but it also attracts others looking for a high-quality vacation at a bargain price. The country now boasts legitimately four-star hotels that charge nothing like four-star prices.
When Alzheimer's Patients Make Perfect Sense. Many people who have cared for a person with Alzheimer's can tell you shocking stories about their loved ones having moments of total lucidity.
9 Sneaky Sources Of Sugar In Your Diet. 
Boogie-Boarding Grandma Gets Pummeled By Giant Waves -- And Laughs It Off. 
The Conversation Nobody Wants To Have -- But Should. It's been over a year since my father's death. In that time, I've struggled to remember him as a well person. He was healthy for my first 45 years of life and yet, hard as I try, I cannot reimagine him as whole. So dramatic was the scenery of his decline, it infected the memories that were amassed underneath.
4 Ways Technology Is Making You Age Faster -- And What To Do About It. 
Cassandra Wilson Says 'Happy 100th, Lady Day'. Of the many tributes to Billie Holiday's 100th birthday today (April 7), the most compelling I've heard is Cassandra Wilson's Sony Legacy album Coming Forth By Day, a strange, atmospheric brew produced by Nick Launay (whose credits include music by Nick Cave and Arcade Fire) with shimmering string arrangements by the incomparable Van Dyke Parks.
Photo Of Couple Married 60 Years Shows What True Devotion Really Looks Like. 
6 Ways Women Over 50 Can Achieve Financial Fitness Before Retirement. 
World's New Oldest Person Reveals Surprising Key To Long Life. 
Men In Suits. Would my family fire me? Would they drown in dirty laundry? Probably not. Knowing my boys, they would just keep wearing dirty clothes until their girlfriends made them learn how to operate the washer and dryer.
It Is Never Too Late. My tomorrow came in 2010 when I turned 50 years old. My heart stirred with the thought, \One day you will die but how and when are you going to start living?\ The time had arrived to embark on this journey to be the woman God created me to be. First, my thinking changed from \why?\ into \why not?\
A Remembrance of Reverend Robert Schuller. The Reverend Robert Schuyler telephoned me following my \American Dream\ segment on \Good Morning America\ in the mid-1980's to invite me to guest on his \Hour of Power,\ the most popular televised Sunday service.
DISPATCH. Turning today's ageist culture on its head, Dr. Christiane Northrup offers a new portal of understanding of what it means to move through time and space without declining in health or joy.
7 Powerful Mantras To Live Your Life By. 
Why This 50-Something Is Finally Done Lying About Her Age. I was at a dinner party recently, chatting up a small group of men and women, all of us around the same age, when someone made a joke about aging. My ears perked and I blurted that I had turned The Big 5-O. They were stunned.
11 Things That Will Dramatically Improve Your Sex Life In Middle Age. I was tortured by sex when I was a young woman. I went from being an awkward, skinny bookworm to a curvy 16-year-old almost overnight. I wasn't used to attracting male attention and I felt simultaneously powerful and powerless.
10 Things Nanas Know. My friends look at my pictures of my grandchildren with the proper amount of enthusiasm, but until they have walked in my shoes, there is no way they can understand how wonderful it is to be called \Nana.\
7 Ways to Improve Your Relationship with Siri. How is your relationship with Siri? If it's strained, you might want to consider these seven ways to improve it.
My Mother on Sex, Romance and Being An Octogenarian. When I was younger, I could tease my husband that he could be replaced with a tennis ball and a big fat pillow. I could be cocky in those days because I was getting my quota. Recently, I confessed to my daughters that I still have sexual desires.
'We're Only Passing Through...'. I talked with Irv many times over the years. If I expressed a negative thought about something in life, he'd say, \Just remember, we're only passing through, kid... so enjoy it and make the most of everything.\
Spring Cleaning Life Hacks. Pro tip
Adele Sarno, 'San Gennaro Queen,' Faces Eviction by Italian American Museum. One of the last eyewitnesses to what it was actually like to be an Italian-American in Little Italy after World War II is being evicted by the very repository of this rich history, The Italian American Museum. It would be laughable, were it not so tragic. Evict her? They should hire her.
When Did That Happen?. One of my Dad's favorite expressions was, \You must have been hiding behind the barn when the brains got handed out.\
The Identified Patient. Annie and Raymond's story is an example of how distorted, usually negative, thoughts and beliefs can be passed down in a multi-generational fashion from grandpa to mom to son and so on to form core beliefs and automatic thinking about people and the world in general.
Eldercare Under a Mountain of Magazines. If any of my midlife friends are caring for aging parents, I advise them to monitor any spending on subscriptions.f
3 Steps To Dump The Baggage And Move On With Your Love Life. Dating in our teens and 20s was challenging. Dating in our middle adult years, with significant exes, children, pets, mortgages, careers and a boatload of emotional, physical and perhaps even financial baggage, may seem impossible.
5 Surefire Ways To Make A Powerful First Impression. Experts disagree as to the amount of time it takes for people to form an initial impression, but this earliest encounter tends to linger. In fact, some communication specialists claim that it can take as many as 12 follow-up meetings to counteract a poor first impression.
The 15 Very Best Pieces Of Grandparenting Advice From Celebrities. 
The Single Realization That Can Help You Move Past Regret. There are many kinds of regrets that people have and then feel trapped by within their current lives. That becomes more acute as you enter the middle years. But consider this
If Disney Princesses Were Older, They'd Be Pretty Damn Awesome. 
I'm Not Trying To 'Age Gracefully' -- So Stop Pressuring Me To. I am apparently guilty of one of the last social offenses against humanity
King Lear and the Silver Tsunami. One of the great pains of aging comes when you discover how much time you wasted being wrong. One of its greatest pleasures may follow this -- when you see there's still time to change.
All Recipes Have a Secret Ingredient. Though her memory doesn't cooperate any longer, I persist. \Mom -- do I use walnuts or almonds, red delicious or honey crisp apples? Should I use red wine or white?\ It is Passover; time to make haroset, a sweet mixture of apples, nuts, and spices to recognize the hardships of slavery and the sweetness of freedom.
Potential New Alzheimer's Treatment Fully Restores Memory -- At Least In Mice. 
Mountain West and Plains Best Places To Retire in U.S.. For a lot of folks the best place to retire is near your kids and family where someone can watch over you and take care of you in case something happens,\ Kahn says. Deciding where to live in the golden years is still a very personal decision.
Top 10 Things Every Alzheimer's Caregiver Should Have. It is not a job you can just quit when you feel like it. There will be many hard days. Days where you will cry and think of throwing in the towel, but you have taken on the job of caregiver. Your loved one depends on you and they need to be able to count on you.
The 2 Truths I've Learned After Working Decades In Hospice. After spending hours at the bedside of my precious Grandma Daisy, I stepped out of her room to make a brief telephone call. At that moment, Grandma Daisy died. When I began working in hospice, I witnessed similar experiences.
When Your Daughter's Purple Hair Is Making Yours Gray. My daughter has purple hair, colorful tattoos and teaches physical and mental health to her loyal clients. I have thin hair, gnarly age spots and tell jokes until people snort beer from their noses.
7 Tips For A Happier Work Life. No one likes his job every single minute. You are always going to have good days and bad days. Don't complain constantly - especially at work, but also in restaurants, on Facebook, at the gym... you could be overheard. And when someone asks you about your job
How To Turn Your Inner Critic Into Your Biggest Cheerleader. Most of us are not even aware of that voice that lives inside us, viciously so. Unfortunately, I have been in a long-term abusive relationship with my Inner Critter for years.  My Inner Critter poses as an Ivy League tweed-clad professor, and I tend to assign immediate power to anyone boasting to have a \smart\ bespectacled academic Joycean opinion, especially about writing.
Why You Should Stop Comparing Others' Highlight Reels With Your Behind-The-Scenes. Most parents with adult children seem reluctant to discuss  - or admit  - to their children's problems, even with close friends. I understand that. First - and for me foremost - I'm a private person and don't feel an Oprah or Maury Povich-like itch to reveal my personal reality show to the world.
8 Tips For Bringing Play Back Into Sex. Sometimes, I think we take sex way too seriously. We can talk the sexy and the pleasure right out of sexy. And if you are like most people, you're yearning to laugh, play and get out of your head and into your body again. When was the last time you played with your sexuality?
When Your Parents Were Lovers. The grainy, black-and-white photographs from 1946 fluttered to the floor, free from decades of bondage among hundreds of photos in my mother's leather albums. I picked up the images and stared at my parents and strained to imagine the young couple in love.
The Birth of a Caregiver. Most caregiver's do not become caregivers on purpose. They only become caregivers after some often traumatic or dangerous situation has occurred with their parents or loved ones. With my mother, it was a comment made by her neighbor that first got me thinking about Alzheimer's Disease.
The Tattoo Lady, Mother And Me. I've come back to Santa Fe from my home in Los Angeles because Mother is ill with throat cancer and undergoing chemotherapy. All her teeth have been removed and her dentures look ridiculous, but I tell her she looks the same. She seems to believe me.
5 Questions I Wish Younger People Would Stop Asking Me. I write about aging, work in an office where I am the oldest woman, and have been married to the same man for what feels like centuries. I understand that at a certain point in life, we morph into mentors to those who are younger. That said, here are five questions I really can't answer.
This Is How To Roast Your Own Coffee At Home. This year, my husband and I slashed our annual coffee budget from a shocking $1,350 (we purchased whole beans from local roasters) to about $320. (I'll save you the math
5 Things Women With Perfectionistic Guilt Need To Hear. While I loved being a mom more than I can possibly describe, and while I appreciated the flexibility my career afforded me, most of the time inside my head I was a complete train wreck. I was riddled with the guilt that comes from the perfectionist belief that nothing I did was ever going to be quite good enough.
15 Rules For Membership In The Big Girl Panties Society. The first time I heard someone say 'Put on your big girl panties and deal with it,' I burst out laughing and spit my wine across my computer keyboard. My mind had an instant visual of a middle-aged woman sword fighting in nothing but her underwear.
Laugh at the Crazy -- Another Day Living With Alzheimer's. It's 3:00 am. and you are probably wondering why I'm not sound asleep. It's because I now live in a sauna. Right about the time that menopause hit, momma moved in with the hubby and I. Wanting her to be comfortable I taught her how to use the thermostat.
Is It Dementia Or Normal Aging? Now There's A Tool To Figure It Out. 
Why Over-50s Seek Therapy. 
Want To Be Ready For Retirement? Lower Your Expectations. 
How To Get Your Mojo Back After 50. As a 50-something, I'm very aware of the limited time left to achieve my goals. With my children leaving home, my mother's recent death, menopause, and the invisibility throughout society that particularly affects middle-aged women, I have a sense that when it comes to my goals it's now or never.
Scientists' New Goal. 
Why Diet Soda May Actually Make You Gain Weight. 
Being Great In Old Age. You don't have to be great to age well and -- to put it paradoxically -- you don't even have to be successful to age successfully.
How to Thaw a Cold Childhood and Create a Warm Family. I grew up eating frozen dinners on disposable aluminum trays that provided exact portions of mixed vegetables, a meat concoction, manufactured potatoes and bland apple crisp or a meek cherry cobbler.
Remarriage On The Rise, Driven By Older Adults. 
The Way This Woman Got Back At Her Cheating Boyfriend Is Just Perfect. About five years ago, I abruptly ended a 10 year relationship with a man I loved and trusted. Being 54 at the time made it that much harder as the prospect of finding someone else I was so compatible with at my age seemed grim at best.
I On Beauty. Post-50 shoppers are making more of their purchases online than you might think. While seniors may not be the most active demographic on social media, they aren't by any means absent from the internet.
Why I Feel More Gen X Than Baby Boomer. Hold on to your hats, Traditionalists and Baby Boomers
Why Israel Is Such A Hard Place To Visit -- But So Worth The Effort. Israel is a hard place. As I flew over Turkey, Bucharest, Czech Republic, Germany (each hour a reminder that just getting there is hard, that my girl lives very far away) that's what ran through my head, over and over
How This Budget-Minded Couple Traveled The World In Retirement. 
Tom Hanks Proves Once Again He's The Nicest Guy Ever. 
Who's The Sexiest Man Over 60? You Decide. One of the biggest misconceptions about aging is that we no longer care about beauty, sex or romantic companionship. What rubbish! Baby boomers today are challenging stereotypes and living life with verve and passion. We want to look great, even if we don't care what other people think.
If You Really Love Your Partner, You'll Take This Advice. The best way to keep your relationship going strong in midlife is to keep you and your partner healthy. Although many people think about a healthy lifestyle in terms of benefiting their own bodies and minds, they may not realize just how much they can do to benefit their partners, and vice versa.
4 Things You Shouldn't Do On Facebook. Facebook is a SOCIAL network. Social means interactive. Everything you post on Facebook can evoke a response from friends. And if, after sharing something, you don't think your post is funny, or smart, or relevant, or interesting -- you can delete it. Here's what not to post on Facebook.
Is It Still Cheating If Your Spouse No Longer Recognizes You?. When your spouse no longer knows who you are, should you still be held to wedding vows of 'til death do us part?' Or does death sometimes come in stages, draining away the person you married drop by precious drop?
The 7 Germiest Items You Probably Touch Every Single Day. 
Harper Lee's Upcoming Novel Raises Concerns About Aging Author's Care. 
My Life in Front of the TV. When LBL and Now Husband jumped onto the current productions, everything changed. Conversations with friends revolved around the bottomless smarminess of Frank Underwood, the ordeals of Piper, the horror of the Red Wedding. Was Brody really a terrorist?
Have You Ever Been 'Glamping?'. Do you think you have run out of ways to take creative vacations and still connect with Mother Nature? Well, I have a solution for you.
Really Bad Advice From The Woodstock Era. If you believed that you were about to be drafted in Vietnam, you might have had good reason to \love the one you're with\ instead of falling in love with someone. But for other people, such as your boyfriend, it didn't work out so well if he wasn't the one you were with that night.
How To Make Anyone Fall In Love With You In 36 Questions. Ever since junior high schools were invented, people have been wondering how to make other people fall in love with them. The advent of Internet dating created a far more sophisticated version of junior high school, where notes were passed.
How This 50-Something Mother Of Three Trained For A Triathlon. Upon my brother's death, it was as if my entire core were shattered into a million pieces of painful shards of glass. I literally hurt everywhere. Instead of withdrawing, I decided to train for a tri in the hopes of strengthening my emotional and physical core.
8 Surprising Culprits That Keep You From Falling Asleep. 
3 Secrets I'm Ashamed To Tell My Kids About My Teenage Years. 
Dear High Heels. Dear High Heels
10 Things That Really Make My Head Explode. when a friend challenged me to write down my 'Top 10 List of Pet Peeves,' I thought I'd struggle to come up with 10. I was so wrong. I've got 10. I could even get to 11. I could probably get to 'eleven-teen,' the mythical number my son uses when counting.
Tales From The Toofaan Express. 
The Dollars And Sense Of Buying A Vacation Home. 
The 6 Big Benefits Of Getting Married Midlife. Studley and I met after being divorced from marriages that had lasted more than 22 years. We weren't proud of those failures, but we were willing to take another chance on love and life. Based upon our successful experience, here are some advantages of midlife marriage.
Why Am I So Tired All The Time?. At lunch the other day with two of my oldest -- but definitely not OLDEST -- friends, one of them asked
7 Ways To Boost Your Happiness In Under A Minute. Happiness and positivity are essential to every aspect of getting the most from life. When we feel happy, we are more likely to engage with the world -- and the more we do, the happier we become. Unfortunately, many of the things that can make us happier require a long-term commitment.
6 Dream Retirement Destinations In Europe, Now On Sale. If Europe is your fantasy, this is the opportunity of your lifetime. Right now, thanks to a weak euro and a surging U.S. dollar, you have more options for realizing your dreams of a new life in the Old World than in a decade or longer.
Weather-Proof Advice for Fall Prevention. But for those folks who are over the age of 55, winter can be flat-out dangerous. With ice on sidewalks and roads, falling hazards increase with every step taken outside of the house.
These Senior Citizens Jam Out In A Burger King Every Friday. 
8 Smart Ideas That Actually Help People Age In Place. 
7 Ways To Prove You're Full Of Energy At Work. 
This Gorgeous Grandma Proves Beauty Has No Expiration Date. 
The Dress. Rumors began circulating that the same person who posted the original photo of The Dress was about to unleash a photo of a Pair of Shoes on Tumblr.  Therapists' phones began ringing off the hook.
7 Ways To Get The Passion Back In A Very Long Marriage. I knew the honeymoon had to end sometime. But I was still shocked the day I realized my wife had become a sort of business partner in the enterprise that was our family. Careers, kids and endless logistics had squeezed out our passion.
A Day With Alzheimer's As a Caregiver. What does it feel like to live with Alzheimer's every single day? I've thought long and hard about this question. I wondered if I could put into words what I really feel. Then, Mom made a simple comment the other day and it all became clear to me.
I've Been Called A Lot Of Things... But ISIS?. The bill will more than likely pass, then get signed by Walker with multiple pens. Should I have stayed home?
Why I Am Not and Never Will Be a 'Senior Citizen'. You have a choice as you age. You can either become more fearful or fearless. Strange but fearless is the safer choice. Being passionate about what you believe, be it politics or art, does not diminish you as you age but refreshes you.
Why You Need To Prepare For Expatriation Like It's Pregnancy. \Being an expat isn't always easy,\ she said. \It's kind of like having children. If someone had told us beforehand what it was really going to be like, we might not have done it.\ But at the end, she said, \When it's all over, it's so rewarding and so worth it.\
What Older Men Want Young Men To Know About Love. According to the older men, one key to a long marriage can be summed up as \give your partner's interests a try.\ Among unhappy couples and divorced elders, resentment of a spouse's independent interests shone through. The partner's passion for an activity was seen as a threat to the relationship.
I On Exceptional Living -- Catharine Hamilton. Catharine Hamilton is not only an exceptionally graceful individual, with an elegant Texan drawl and charmed sense of style, she has dedicated her time to many great causes and organizations, from the Institute of International Education and the Junior League to the cause closest to her heart, the restoration of Versailles.
Why No Good Ever Comes From Drunk Dialing. We have all done it. After too many drinks we find ourselves doing what our sober selves would never do. We make that phone call to the one person in the world we know we should not be calling at two in the morning; the infamous drunk dial. It is the one mistake that we know in our hearts is a mistake even as we scroll through our contact list and press send.
How You, Too, Can Have Full, Gorgeous Eyebrows. Eyebrows have a true purpose for being -- to help keep sweat out of our eyes, and convey a wide range of emotion through facial expression. But they've also had a starring role in beauty trends for thousands of years.
Why Bangkok Is One Of The World's Best Retirement Spots. More expats live in Bangkok than in any other city in Southeast Asia. Who would retire to Bangkok? To answer that question, you need to spend some time here. Your first impressions of Bangkok likely will be that this is a huge city with some tourist attractions. If you stick around, though, your perception will change.
Why Egg Freezing Isn't The Answer To Every Problem. After spending Valentine's Day alone -- curled up on the couch in the fetal position downing pints of ice cream in between fits of sobbing -- the single 30-something (daughter of a) friend sought my opinion
The Disturbing Technology Trend Among Midlifers. There seems to be a pervasive attitude in my Gen X group that technology is destroying our youth. We worry they'll be unable to succeed at face-to-face communication and connection. But I'm also noticing an equally disturbing trend among midlifers.
How To Be There For Your Spouse When Things Go Right. When it came to celebrating my husband's professional accomplishments, I wasn't the first to congratulate him. I felt jealous of his time in the limelight for very public recognition of his accomplishments in a career I had given up to care for our family. And I also interpreted his success as taking away from mine.
How To Retire Overseas In A Paradise With Year-Round Sunshine. We believe we have found the key to happiness. It's the brilliant warming orb in the sky called the sun. That it took us this long to discover that sunshine really is the key to happiness ... well, that's another matter. You see, we got sidetracked by something else called 'life.'
What 5-Year-Olds Can Teach Us About Life After 50. Recently I started wondering why we become so darn serious as adults. Do we subconsciously rush to fill the roles that society gives us? Or, do life's practical considerations conspire to make us conservative and just plain boring?
Majority Of Retirees Say They're Living In The Best Home Of Their Lives. In this first phase of retirement, retirees feel a greater sense of freedom to move, if it makes sense, or renovate to make their homes more comfortable and enjoyable. As a result, almost two-thirds (65 percent) of retirees now say they are living in 'the best home of their life.'
Chin Hairs and Other Facts About Perimenopause. I am in smack dab in the middle of perimenopause, the transition of a woman's body into menopause. Every woman's journey to the land of no menses is different. This is how mine has been going.
A Message For The Brother I Hardly Knew. In late December, in the shadow of the hospital where my daughter was born, we buried my oldest brother. He was nine years older than I, and he led a troubled life. But as I said at his graveside, mustering the few words I could before breaking down, 'You made me laugh. You were my brother. I love you.'
These Stunning Older Celebs Ruled The Oscars Red Carpet. 
In the Event of a Water Landing. 
Day Dream Believers. I met Annette Stellick at my first apartment complex in Florida. She was working in the property management office and as these things so often go when two kindred spirits meet, we started talking about our plans to pursue the things we really wanted to do.
The Best Retirement Plan Is Having A Job You Love. Around the time I turned 50, I had the following dilemma to consider
Why I Decided To Get Pregnant At 50. I have had the opportunity to have another child for six years, because I froze my eggs with a sperm donor's sperm when I was 31 years old in California. From one of those embryos came the most amazing human being I've ever met, Dashiell. And there were 11 more embryos with possibility of life still in storage.
The Truth About Generic Vs. Brand-Name Medications. 
Why This Midlife Couple Decided To Adopt Kids. To begin the parenting journey again at 45 and 49 was quite another matter. The paperwork was tedious and the waiting was agony but none of that compares to actually adjusting to having a new child in your family, when you're a couple that's a little set in their ways.
The 4 Words That Are Keeping You From Finding Love. How many hours have you spent looking at men online thinking the following thought? This man looks nice but ... he's not my type!
5 Reasons Cold Weather Is Actually Good For You. 
A How-To For a Life. Be prepared because frustration, anger, personality problems come with the territory. Learning to face-up to a new existence is critical. And therapy, physical and mental. It's necessary to rebuild the body and the mind to operate acceptably to you and others.
How to Know If You're in the Fifty Shades of Grey Stage of Your Life. If you're more apt to know people in the Obits than any other section of the paper... if you still read the paper... if you need glasses to do it... this is for you.
Menopause Relief. When menopausal symptoms plague your every waking hour during the day...and night...it's likely time to investigate whether hormone therapy (HT - formerly referred to as HRT) is the right decision for you.
What It's Like To Try Speed Dating At 70. 
At 52, This Former Flight Attendant Wants To Break Into Hollywood. 
Kisses For My Mother. The place where I had felt most safe and loved as an infant, in my mother's arms, with my nose and mouth pressed to her skin, just above her heart and below her shoulder, that place was calling me back to say good-bye. Good-bye, good night, my sweet, beautiful mother. And thank you for loving me so well.
33 Things Women Love Most About Being Married. On a recent evening,\u00a0Hubs and I were sitting out on the deck, sharing a fabulous bottle of Cabernet and quietly enjoying the warm sunset together. Hubs looked over at me and said, \I'm so lucky to be married to you. But sometimes I think you're too classy for me.\
The Thorn In The Side Of Women Over 70. The term \Ageism\ was first identified and defined by Robert Butler in 1969 as \prejudice and discrimination toward elderly people.\ We women in our 70s encounter ageism at every turn, subtle or blatant, recognized as such or not.
Did I Ever Have a Choice?. I get asked a lot of questions about Alzheimer's Disease and caregiving. I love to answer questions, although, I am definitely learning by trial and error and error and error! I am not an expert by any means. I am just trying to get through this one day at a time and to trying to give my mother everything she needs, just like she did for me every day of my life.
Fifty Shades of Grey Hair. There is a big difference between seeing sex on screen, reading about it and doing it. The three are worlds apart, and it is a difficult task for filmmakers to shock or titillate with kinky sex when it's become something almost pedestrian and readily available on your iPhone.
Hot Flashes Can Last Up To 14 Years, Soul-Crushing Study Says. 
Allowing Loss of a Family Member to Unite Family. I remember the first time l laid eyes on my daughter-in-law, Jami. It was 25 years ago. It is usually the daughter-in-law who is the newcomer. In this case it was the new girlfriend of her father-in-law. I had moved from Honolulu to Chicago. They had already given me a name -- \the Hawaiian Princess!\
The Childhood Games That Make Us Feel All Nostalgia. Growing up in New Rochelle in the the 1930s, we played games that now are off the map. I wonder if any of my small but hearty band of readers are familiar with them. You'd have to be old and lived in the suburbs. These games took up much of our free time and I remember them with great fondness.
How To Plan A Vacation That's Better Than The Guide Books. Baby boomers are big travelers. According to Yana Gutierrez, vice president at American Express, \Boomers will spend close to $120 billion on travel this year and will take four to five trips in 2015. Plus, 85 percent of baby boomers use travel websites to find information about their trips.\
How To Celebrate Age Through The Lens Of Gratitude Instead Of Groans. I have walked and stood and moved with my legs for an estimated 10 hours a day, which means I have used my legs for 171,550 hours in my lifetime. These legs have moved me to new cities, up mountains and down streets winding through places new and old.
A Valentine's Day Message To My Adorable Grandkids. When my first child was a baby, people asked me if he was adopted. He was a blonde, fair-skinned child with light eyes who happened to have a dark haired, olive skinned, brown-eyed mom. Times were far less politically correct than they are now, so I patiently responded that he was my biological child who looked like his father.
A Beauty Regimen Designed To Give Aging Looks The Deep Freeze. The anti-aging battle is never ending, so let's get to it. Here are some exfoliators, serums and other products that can help.
How To Celebrate Valentine's Day If You've Recently Been Dumped. Since the beginning of mankind, humans have wondered how to get back those who have dumped them. They have wondered this while they were being chased by mammoths, while they were slogging through snow during the Little Ice Age, and while they were in the final throws of the Black Death.
7 Reasons Being Over 50 Is Absolutely Awesome. There are lots of spinmeisters working the aging beat these days. I know this because, well, I'm one of them. We parrot things like '60 is the new 40,' and 'you are only as old as you feel.' While both those statements are in many cases true, there are times they make me cringe.
4 Powerful Lessons About Life I Learned As A Hospice Worker. As a Hospice volunteer, I spend every Tuesday with people who are dying. I cook their meals; hold their hands; read to them; I sing and I sit quietly. I tell them stories and I listen to theirs. I wipe their foreheads, when fever or illness makes them sweat.
How This Woman Will Conquer Her Lifelong Weight Struggles In 2015. 
How I Spiced Up My Sex Life By Losing The Underwear. Want to spice up your next evening out with your partner? Leave your underwear at home. Before you recoil, just hear me out. I am a card carrying member of the underwear-wearing group. So that's what I thought too. Until the other night, when on a whim, I decided not to wear any.
Pass the Diacetyl and Save Your Marriage. If you are a therapist, member of the clergy, marriage counselor, or author of a book about relationships, Life in the Boomer Lane has some mighty bad news for you. For the mere cost of a movie ticket (and, of course, popcorn), one's marriage can be saved.
My Closet Is Never Empty. While I can relate to the young mommy blogs by letting my mind wander back to long ago, I, too, can contribute to mommy blogs! I am still a mommy. My children may be older and have very different needs than when they were little boys but are now facing a far more dangerous world now that they are grown.
Martha Stewart's Anti-Aging Routine Starts At 4 a.m.. 
How This 55-Year-Old Widow Plans To Bounce Back After The Worst Year Of Her Life. 
5 Reasons Growing Older Is More Awesome Than Awful. 
17 Simple Sights, Smells and Sounds That Whisk You Back to Childhood. 
The Sounds Of Alzheimer's. She heads on into the kitchen. The morning is when mom is at her best. You can almost pretend that she is well and fine ... almost.
The Best Hotel Getaways For Valentine's Day. Sorry Valentine's Day haters -- Cupid's favorite holiday falls on Saturday this year, so a romantic getaway might be in your future. We've got come great ideas for celebrating.
I on Beauty. Perhaps the most important lesson we can learn from Dr. Bob is to make our own health a priority in our lives. Dr. Bob wanted answers to health and anti-aging questions that weren't available when he began his career, so he took action to find the solutions himself.
The Dark Days Caring For My Mother With Alzheimer's. In September of 2013 my husband and I decided to move my mother who was in the early stages of Alzheimer's in with us. We put her stuff into storage, gave her our small spare bedroom and watched her plummet drastically. It was devastating.
6 Ways To Make Sure Your Quiet Child Doesn't Get Lost In The Shuffle. If your child is academically on level, doesn't create classroom conflict and is too often ignored, this article is for you.
What It's REALLY Like To Retire In Belize. One year ago, David and Cathy Thompkins moved from northern Idaho to Cayo, Belize. How did that happen? I'll let them tell you their story in their own words.
Get Your Safety Freak On. Everyone thinks their parents grew up in the Stone Age but most kids today would be shocked if they knew the details of how their parents were raised. It's amazing any of us survived childhood after drinking water out of the kitchen faucet, the garden hose and the local pond.
An Aging Person's Observations About Aging. I graduated from high school in 1950.  Yes, that was 65 years ago.  I am 82 years old.  Some readers are probably thinking that I am really old, while others are chuckling and thinking, 'You have a ways to go.\
Blythe Danner Says 35 In Hollywood Used To Be Old. Not Anymore.. 
How I Embraced the Winter Blahs. With apologies to T.S. Eliot, April is not the cruelest month. February is far more foreboding. Even as hope springs eternal, Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow. We're tempted to crawl back into our proverbial holes and, if we have no sweetheart, we may feel like staying there well past Valentine's Day.
How One Couple Turned An Epic Fight Into Fuel For Love. We had a fight the other day, a big, messy fight that scared us both. Tim and I dug ourselves in so deeply and so quickly, I wondered if this was the moment that would mark the end of our 28-year marriage.
Unions and Other Old Things. The minimal role of unions in the 21st century prompts us to consider what else does and does not make sense in the workplace when we live healthy, active lives into our 70s, 80s, and 90s. In societies that are defined by more old than young, the traditions that have for decades shaped work need to be reconsidered.
Watch Mom LOSE IT When Son Comes Home Early After Years Abroad. 
Have We Coddled Our Kids Too Much?. We wanted to give our kids everything we didn't have. The big house, their own room, a car when they came of age, nice clothes, lavish Christmas presents and family vacations.
Bob Dylan Does First Interview In Years -- And It's With AARP. 
After The Death Of Her Husband, This 58-Year-Old Is Trying Online Dating. 
How to Make Your Bathroom Safer. Because more accidents and injuries happen in the bathroom than any other room in the house, this is a very important room to modify for aging in place.
BEWARE. Tax season is officially upon us. Along with the arrival of what has to be the most dreaded season of the year, also comes another unwelcome and sadly, an increasingly pervasive reality -- the onslaught of scammers, via both telephone and email.
How I Used A Spreadsheet To Fix My Love Life. First impressions are everything on dating profiles; a good photo makes for a more popular profile. If you had to make a major repair to your car, you wouldn't leave it up to an amateur. You hire a pro. So for my photos, that's what I did.
Why This 71-Year-Old Woman Is Embarking On A 500-Mile Hike. 
Why I Don't Want Botox Needles Sticking into My Face. You won't find my face on the other end of any Botox needles. I want to look as young as possible now that I am no longer young. But I also find it useful to be able to register anger with a facial expression, especially because my 10-year-old black lab is somewhat deaf.
Youthful Exuberance Softens the Corners of Aging. Exuberance, joy, laughter and optimism come naturally when we are young. The experiences of those feelings are forever stored in the reservoirs of memory. Wisdom earned through the trials of time gives us all the more reason to hold in a tight embrace the uplifting and awesome moments as they occur.
The Second Time Around. I knew I'd need to find someplace else that would give me that same wonderful feeling of comfort, satisfaction and pleasure I'd gotten all those years from my usual place. Tough though, because getting back into the congee game -- well, any game -- at this point in my life was bound to be a disorienting experience.
These Twin Sisters Just Turned 90 And Are Still Cracking Each Other Up. 
50 Ways To Organize Your Life After 50, Part 2. One thing you can count on is that your future will always be ahead of you, so plan to make the most of it.
Smart Ways To Save For Retirement At Any Age. 
How To Eat As A 50-Something Woman. 
5 Bad Behaviors From The Past That Are Now Totally Common. 
The Verdict Is In. Prior to the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, those 50 and older, if they could get coverage, faced premiums several times higher than those who are younger and in better health. That same group is also now eligible for subsides that help lower the cost to make it even more affordable.
The Usual. you're bound to be wounded by the sudden and unexpected loss of a favorite restaurant. It's never a good feeling -- sort of like waking up and finding a padlock on your kitchen. Much more than knowing we'll never taste their food again, it's a shock and insult to our routine.
Longing To Finally Visit The Cuba Of My Dreams. I was besieged in an instant. The moment President Obama announced to the world the momentous change he's implementing regarding normalizing relations between the United States and Cuba, my phone went nuts -- texts, calls, emails, Facebook messages, Google alerts -- all of it, all at once.
Why 'Doing What You Love' Isn't Enough When Starting A Business. We understand that starting a business requires passion, discipline, value creation and luck, but it's so much more pleasant to believe that if you 'do what you love the money will follow.' The problem is that half-truths are often more destructive than lies.
Julianne Moore's Secret For Flawless Skin Is Surprisingly Simple. 
I Know I Can! Sharon's Story. I look for inspiration in the interviews that I did with fifty women who changed their lives. When I think about persistence, I think about Sharon. If you're feeling like giving up, I hope Sharon inspires you to keep going.
Daily Meditations for Alzheimer's and Dementia Caregivers. 
Seniors Play 'Grand Theft Auto V,' And Their Reactions Are Priceless. 
The Life Skills You Should Have By 50, 60, 70. 
Study Uncovers Surprising Increase In Falls Among Older People. 
What To Do When A Midlife Crisis Is A Major Splurge. 
5 Things To Do In 2015 To Prepare For Your Overseas Retirement. It's that time of year when we assess the old and look forward to the new. And if your plans for the New Year include finally getting serious about living a happier, healthier, more affordable life overseas, we have five important steps you can take in 2015 to position yourself for success.
7 Ways To Make Your Workout Routine Stick. 
5 Tips If You're Job Hunting For The First Time In Years. 
The Best Medicine For Aging Brains. 
Why Tattoos May Be The Next Great Generational Divide. 
Why I'm Proud To Flaunt My 50-Something Body. My skin, face, and body tells the story of a woman who built a career, raised two children, and mustered the courage to leave a dysfunctional marriage before she drowned.
Why I Like Turning 50 So Much More Than Turning 40. On my 40th birthday I felt as if I was turning 100. Worn out from my middle child's sudden death five months prior, I was fragile and tired. Ten years later I am a different woman in all regards and as I sit here kissing 50 I'm feeling rather youthful.
Make The MLK Holiday A Day On, Not A Day Off. 
I on Beauty. With the concept of renewal in mind, I offer up some of my personal favorites
How We're All Responsible For Creating The Facebook Monster. I'm just as guilty of drive by affection as the next person, but these things creep into my thoughts regularly, and trouble me. I struggle to know who do I invite to a party, based on real life versus Facebook ties, and what does a given person feel about me in real-time versus the way they Like me online?
7 Reasons We'll Always Love You, Kevin Costner. 
5 Timeless Lessons From Betty White On Her 93rd Birthday. 
Happy Birthday, Sweetie Pie. Sweetie Pie was born with ten fingers, ten toes, and Down syndrome. I've never been one to wallow in the \Life is not fair\ pity party, but when she was born I was confused about the unknown
7 Ways to Optimize Your Year-End Ritual. No doubt you'll have your own rituals, however here are seven steps I employ that help me take stock of the positives, challenges and the lessons learned, and clearly identifies what can be sent off with a kiss and not carried into 2015.
3 Small But Smart Steps To Being Less Self-Conscious. I will not worry about what sounds emanate from me in the ladies' room. Everyone knows what I am doing in there. I will not wait until the person in the next stall leaves. I have business to do, and I'm DOING it. I may make a little noise.
Donny Osmond On His Encounters With Michael Jackson And The Story Behind His Latest Album. Thank God for Donny Osmond. Sometimes we need wholesome! And, when I say 'we,' I mean... the immediate world at large. Not many people can say they have lasted 50 years in a fickle entertainment business. Donny Osmond has done just that.
The Thing You'll Never Hear A Woman Say About Her Hair. Why is it that women are forever coloring their hair -- curling, ironing, extending, feathering, crimping, pulling, twisting and bending it? I have a dear friend who, for the 26 years I've known her, has been trying to undo the curls she naturally has, while I have always coveted her spectacular head of curls!
The Love Advice That Shocked A Marriage Expert. 
6 Older Celebs Who Stole The Show At The Golden Globes. 
4 Cities Where People Live The Longest. 
5 Keys To Bouncing Back After You Hit Rock Bottom. Hitting rock bottom at 47 is much different than hitting it in your twenties. In your twenties, you can disappear, go find yourself, climb mountains, accomplish major feats of strength. There was no way I could hike the PCT--me-- a person who brings a gel seat and a clip on fan to spin class.
Goin' Down to Bitsyland. There are ways to deal with the post-holiday doldrums, but they require our active participation.  First of all, we must realize that \downs\ are natural aspects of life.  Everyone experiences them.  But there are ways to ease them.
11 Things Nobody Ever Told You About Menopause. Menopause\u00a0crashed my\u00a0hotness\u00a0with a thud heard in three states. Suddenly I was\u00a0more \Ma'am\ than MILF.\u00a0Men stopped whistling at me from the street and started helping me\u00a0through the crosswalk. People\u00a0no longer commented\u00a0\You look so much like your mother\ and started assuming we were sisters.
5 Tips So You Can Finally Write Your Memoir. Perhaps you have also wondered about events from your past. Or maybe friends and colleagues have heard you share a story from your past and suggested that you write about it. There are numerous reasons people become inspired to write memoir. Whether you set out to write as a legacy or decide to take the publishing route is not important to think about in the beginning.
Watch Centenarians Discuss Their 80-Year Marriage And Be Charmed. 
The Largest Demographic Of Binge Drinkers Might Surprise You. 
The Totally Normal Life Stage That Dare Not Speak Its Name. Menopause. There. I said it. Menopause is why I have been unable to focus for more than very short periods. It is why I have been staying in bed with my cats a lot. It is why I have had to carry a hanky with me everywhere I go and why I have claimed it's too hot when you are wearing a sweater.
The Sad Mother's Ring. After the funeral, the mortician handed me a small velvet pouch that contained my mother's jewelry
7 Ways I've Changed For The Better In The 7 Years Since Turning 50. This month marks seven years since the passing of my husband M. He left me two weeks shy of my 50th birthday. I often think about the words my bereavement coach S said during our class
Three Tips for Getting Along With a Difficult Person With Alzheimer's. 
See The Glass Half Full. I sat\u00a0down across from him with the glass filled halfway between us, I lowered my head to match his and said, \Robbie! Do you see this glass of water half empty or half full?\
3 Great Tips For Combating Ageism In Your Everyday Life. Ashton Applewhite is an activist at the forefront of what may be one of the last civil rights struggles
5 Ways Winter May Help Speed Up The Aging Process. 
NFL's Worst Year. The day will come where eight college teams will make the playoffs. I'm patient. I've waited my whole life for a college football playoff since I started watching the sport 45 years ago. I always joked there would be peace in the Middle East before a college playoff. I was wrong.
7 Ways To Jump Start Your Retirement Savings In 2015. 
Seth Rogen Leads The Fight Against Alzheimer's. That the North Korean leadership takes American comedy as an act of war is a particular feature of the role information and technology has assumed in 21st century life. Kim Jong-Un cannot countenance Seth Rogen and James Franco's antics in \The Interview,\ however fantastic they may be.
The 8 Things That Can Cause Dizziness. 
4 Power-Packed Resolutions For Job Search Success In 2015. This is the time of year for making New Year's resolutions. And if you are a savvy job-seeker, it's also time to take full advantage of the surge in hiring that takes place in January and February.
Why Middle Age Is The Best Time To Seek Therapy. We like to think of aging as the route to wisdom, even serenity. The older generation was necessary, valued, at the top of the family tree. We knew the way the world worked, and we could offer sound counsel, and solace when it was needed.
10 Extraordinary People Turning 60 In 2015. 
Revealed. With spiraling costs compelling more and more North Americans to retire overseas, retiring abroad has never been more attractive. But finding the right location among the myriad options available can be daunting. That's what International Living's annual retirement index does.
Death of a Salesman. 
Getting Warmer in My Online Search for Love. Being with both the new and young love of my daughter and her British husband as well as the seasoned love of his parents has renewed my commitment to experience a great love of my own.
Auld Acquaintance. 
The Wisdom I've Gleaned From Another Passing Year. This year has zoomed by, and it's tough to sit with the fact that 2015 feels and sounds like it's way in the future, rather than moments away. Time, which becomes such a precious commodity with each passing year, has a way of surprising me with its swiftness. Wasn't it just July? Didn't I just turn 50?
Why My Dog Going Gray Is Killing Me. I love my dog, but I will not dress him up. I will not buy him an elevated water bowl or a doggie sofa. The fact that I live in Marin County, Calif., land of certified dog massage therapy, cashmere canine wardrobes and fake service-dog vests, only strengthens my resolve to stay normal.
Why I've Chosen To Live In A Complete State Of Denial. Another year means only one thing to me -- I have to somehow get used to typing a 5 instead of a 4 when I write the year down. That's basically all of it in a nutshell. The real hurdle to bolt over is in remembering that the beginning of the year starts with a 20, and not a 19.
Leeza Gibbons' Resources for Alzheimer's Caregivers. While she does have a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame, Leeza is also a powerful star in the world of Alzheimer's caregiving. Both her mother and grandmother had the disorder, and that's when she learned first-hand how devastating the disease can be for caregivers.
Why I'm Finally Ready For An Emotional Attachment After Years Of Hot Sex. I've never been one to make New Year's Resolutions. The word 'resolution' just feels like it's meant to be broken, and what's the point of setting yourself up for failure?
A Commitment to Ignore Good Advice in 2015. Life in the Boomer Lane has reached an age that allows her to look back at all the great advice she has gotten over the decades and respond with flagrant disregard, or at least with a bit of tweaking.
3 Ways To Get Out Of Your Dating Rut And Just Have Fun. Often women come to work with me when they have hit a wall in their dating lives. Things aren't going well, they aren't meeting the guys they want to meet and even worse, no one is noticing them online or in the real world.  want you to know that this happens to every woman at every level of dating. Believe me, I see it over and over again.
5 Ways To Stop The Obsession With All Things 'Anti-Aging'. As women, we can be particularly guarded about revealing our age. This can be both self-imposed and due to societal pressures. Many women attempt to hide their age with Botox to take away smile lines, face lifts to tighten skin, and other plastic surgery procedures. I refuse and here's why.
How To Keep Tabs On An Elderly Parent When You Can't Be There. There are many different assistive technology products available today that can help families keep an eye on an elderly loved one when they can't be there. Depending on your dad's needs and how much you're willing to spend, here are some good options to consider.
Binge-watching. Just like a book that you can read all in one sitting, you can now watch 8-12 episodes, one after another.
Conclusion of Our Exclusive Interview. My involvement with baby boomers and caregiving definitely came about very organically. I got thrown into it like most Americans do.
Boomer Season's Greetings and Fond Memories!. As we all enjoy the holiday season, let's keep in mind what's most important in life. While I can't speak for other Baby Boomers, it's my guess that for the vast majority of us, family and friends are what count most.
Dame Maggie Smith's Best One-Liners From Downton, As Told By Gifs. 
5 Companies With Part-Time Jobs And Benefits, Too. 
When My Teen Accused Me of Being Old, This Is What I Did. Instead, I took to heart what she said. I am really old, to her very young eyes. And it appears she does not carry the same judgment in saying so that I do in hearing so. I've lived on this planet -- I've thrived on this planet -- for a long time.
Why My 60s Are The Best Decade Of My Life. According to a recent TODAY survey of 1,500 adults, the 60s can be a positive time of life. Of the participants in the study in their 60s, 72 percent said they felt younger than their age. A majority of the respondents said their journey so far was better than they expected. The key factors to happiness after 60 include personal health and adequate finances.
3 Great Ideas For Satisfying Encore Careers. 
Christmas in an Empty Nest. Christmas felt a little lonelier this year. It was the second holiday season without our daughters and although we had just spent Thanksgiving week with them in Hilton Head, we missed them terribly.
Why An Aging Population Is NOT A Burden On The Economy. As one of their year-end announcements, The Centers For Disease Control reported the U.S. birth rate at 1.86, below the replacement level of 2.1. There have already been grumblings about how a lowered fertility rate nationally will have an adverse impact on American economic growth.
6 Snapshots That Summed Up Middle Age In 2014. 
9 Lessons About Love And Relationships My Sassy Grandmothers Have Taught Me. Recently, I took the opportunity to call my two grandmothers to find out what pearls of wisdom I could gather from them on the topic of love, marriage, and relationships. After all, both of my grandmothers were married for over 50 years before their husbands passed away.
Why It's Sometimes Necessary To Re-Define Family At Holiday Time. I suggest it's time to update our idea of family. Let's dispense with the imperatives to feel whole and happy inside a story of 'family' that leaves us frail or frazzled. Let's dislodge our commitments to stoicism and endurance that leave us walled inside towers of loneliness.
4 Reasons Hallmark Movies Saved My Holiday Spirit. An unfamiliar spirit has invaded my body, making decisions and controlling my evening entertainment options. And no matter how hard I try to fight this feeling, it persists until I give in. Until I pick up the remote control and voila!
The Christmas I Died -- Briefly -- Only To Wake Up With A Greater Sense Of Purpose. 'Twas the day after Christmas and all through the house, happiness reigned. The year was 1968 and as usual I was busy with clients on the phone, when suddenly, a headache, like I've never had before, struck me. I went upstairs to lie down and rest with my young son watching over me. Then to the hospital I went and my life to heaven, for I died, to awake with new purpose and intent.
When It's Alzheimer's Should the Person Be Told the Diagnosis?. When it's Alzheimer's should the person be told the diagnosis? This can be a difficult ethical issue. Telling or not telling the patient the diagnosis is a very personal decision.
Hellraiser-7. 
How To Be A Jewish Boomer And Still Celebrate Christmas. Jews throughout history have devised clever ways to horn in on the Christmas holiday. They have created their own traditions that usually involve going to the movies and/or eating Chinese food. They get trees and festoon them with blue ornaments and call them Hanukkah bushes.
The 5 Best Moments For Those 50 And Older In 2014. 
Why Letting Go Is Hard To Do. I've been happy living on my own. As Scrooge-like as it may sound, I like coming home to an empty apartment, with no one to cook for, or tell me what to cook, and no need to talk about my day when I don't feel like talking. But there's something about the holidays that brings out the nesting instinct.
Lessons In Love From My 16-Year-Old Self. We put up our Christmas tree last week. As I combed through the boxes, I picked up a familiar shape carefully wrapped in tissue. I knew what it was before I even unwrapped it. One of my favorite holiday memories, and it took me back just a few years.
The 10 Best Books For Grownups In 2014. Few things make me happier than finding a book that I absolutely love. Once drawn into a book, it's not easy for me to put it down. This year there were many that kept my attention, but these are my ten favorites.
10 Reasons To Be Proud Of Your Father. When you're a child or a teenager, the tendency is to look at your father as a bit of a pain in the neck. But as you grow up, have a career, get married and have a family of your own and face the daily pressures of life as a father, you quickly realize that your father was much smarter, much wiser and much greater than you used to give him credit for.
Dating Someone New? 10 Tips To Survive His (Or Her) Family Over The Holidays. Three weeks before Christmas, I met my new boyfriend's family in Sonoma. At the time, I was 61 and he was 66 years old. As we approached the caf\u00e9, I saw his sister. She sat rigid on a stool, arms and legs crossed, scrutinizing me.
Ageism In America. To their credit, the fastest-growing demographic in America, Hispanics, do not send away their old people on a block of ice. By and large, Latin people take care of their parents and grandparents to the very end. However, hard and inconvenient it may be.
7 Anti-Aging Foods You Should Be Eating Today. 
The 8 Unhealthiest Christmas Foods. 
5 Things Boomers Won't Be Able To Escape In 2015. 
Henry Miller's iPod. \According to my tracking stats on who reads the blog and where they come from, most of my hits seem to be for phrases like pubic hair, masturbation or hot mother-in-laws.\ She looked out the window and tapped her cheek, perplexed. \Why is that, I wonder?\
6 Women Over 50 Who Inspired Us In 2014. 
The 4 Keys To A Successful Retirement Every Older Woman Should Know. Due to the upsurge in numbers of working women that began in the 1970s, waves of women are now experiencing their own retirement directly, rather than indirectly through their husbands.
Time Magazine's Person of the Year. While LBL is filled with joy to see that several high-powered celebs found love with other high-powered celebs, without having to resort to the tedious steps required by online dating sites, she was looking for something a bit more significant.
7 Financial Goals For The End Of The Year. 
4 Benefits of Aging Frances McDormand Would Love. 
The 5 Resolutions Those 50 And Older Should Never Make. 
The Most Memorable, Most Hilarious Tweets By Midlifers In 2014. 
The Top 20 Small Cities For Growing Older In The U.S.. Here are the top 20 small and top 20 large cities in the U.S. that are set up best to successfully support an aging boomer population.
13 Over-The-Top Holiday Decorations You Have To See To Believe. 
11 Holiday Traditions That Won't Be Happening At My House. I am always amazed when I am invited for a party or homemade meal during the holidays. Out come beautiful Christmas plates. We have a set, inherited from my in-laws when they moved out of their New Jersey home 12 years ago. I either forget. Or convince myself I don't have room for them to be out. Or can't remember where they are. Or. Or. Or.
Feel Younger Than Your Age? You'll Likely Live Longer. 
Keeping A Secret? How A Confession Can Make Your Relationship Stronger. There's a general assumption that secrets are bad. But there are all sorts of reasons why, sometimes, coming clean may do more harm than good.
7 Posture Tips To Help You Feel Younger. 
4 Ways Congress Just Screwed Up Pensions. When the Senate approved the omnibus spending bill to prevent the government from shutting down, it also delivered a blow to some retirees who collect pensions. In a little-discussed provision of the bill, certain multi-employer pension plans were given the go-ahead to reduce pension checks to current recipients by up to 60 percent. Didn't see that coming, did you?
No, I'm Not Smarter Than A Third-Grader. I always hated word problems, but when my granddaughter in third grade asked for my help with her homework, I figured how hard could that be? Well, too hard for a pretty smart young lady and her grandmother, I guess.
The Simple Mind Exercise That Will Prepare You For Retirement. So many look at some aspect of the impact of reduced income. Whether it's how to cut expenses, start saving, downsizing or relocating here or overseas -- the list is virtually endless. I find the most depressing ones include a figure \you need to retire on.\
6 Credit Score Myths Debunked. 
8 Techie Things Everyone Over 50 Needs To Know. 
The 4 Difficulties Of Being Alone In A Partnered World. I noticed a woman eating by herself. She mostly looked at her iPhone. I concentrated on my eggs and short stack. A lot of people tell me they could never eat alone.
5 Wise Lessons On Aging That I Learned In 2014. They say that every day is a learning opportunity. With that in mind, here are five life lessons that I learned about aging in 2014.
How I Became That Middle-Aged Woman Who Uses Baby Talk With Her Dogs. So maybe the dogs have moved up in my affections. Maybe I spend a little more time pampering them than I used to. Perhaps they fill a hole, now that I'm not needed as a mother, the way I was for the past 24 years.
The Customer Service Experience That Absolutely Shocked Me. With the precision of a Rockettes' dance number, one by one the windows in my house have all snapped the little doohickey that lets them slide up and down smoothly and keeps them from  going off-tilt. If I were a window repairman, I'm sure there would be a real name for the broken part and with that real name, a real expensive price tag and a real expensive labor call.
Why I Still Wear My Mother's Robe 3 Years After Her Death. My mother died three years ago. Every morning I wake up, and without thinking I put on her robe. Of all the precious things she gave me; a sense of humor, a love of Mondays, her favorite ring and her golf shoes, it is her robe I love the most. It is soft, pink, and what was.
A Holiday Craft Project That Will Bring The Whole Family Together. Mix three wonderful items -- kids, Christmas, and candy -- and create some fun and lasting memories by making candy trains. They are magic because they disappear before New Year's Eve.
Get Rid Of Dating Stress With These Simple Steps. At the tender age of 19 my hormones were raging -- but they had been since I was 13. Through a combination of chance, luck or serendipity I suddenly found myself faced with the  opportunity of dating a woman I found incredibly physically appealing. Her personality -- so-so! We dated for about two months. The word ambivalent doesn't begin to describe the experience.
Why It Took Me Until My 50s To Feel OK About Masturbation. I started masturbating when I was five. Before I fell asleep, I would lie in bed on my stomach, my yellow cloth doll between my legs. I'd grind on the head of the doll, fantasizing about a giant ice cream cone (really), until a mysterious, magical feeling radiated up and out from my core.
Crazy Fun Gap-Year Ideas For Grownups. 
8 Inexpensive Indispensables Every Older Skier Needs to Own. Little things make a big difference, especially for the comfort and safety of older skiers. Whether going for the day or taking an extended holiday in the hills, a few equipment decisions -- some of them surprisingly simple and inexpensive -- will improve your overall experience. They also make great stocking stuffers. I consider these indispensable.
The Rudest Thing You Can Do On A First Date. Two women friends from neighboring communities shared the same weird dating story with me last week. Both were about coffee dates that quickly dropped into the disaster category.
Why You Can Thank The Neanderthals For Your Retirement Plan. 
3 Tips For Retirement Bliss. I began wrestling with the idea of retirement in my late 50s. Sure, I was looking forward to the freedom it would provide but with my kids grown and no job to go to I was worried about becoming isolated. Plus, how would I find meaning in the empty hours?
Jane Seymour's Secrets To Feeling Young After 50. 
5 Ways Sexuality Is Alive (And Lively) As We Age. 
What Aging Women Want Most That Money Can't Buy. The perfect gift for your female partner over 50 cannot be found in jewelry or clothing stores. You have likely bought her enough sweaters and jewels to last 50 lifetimes -- and much of the stuff has never come out of safes and drawers. What aging women want most money cannot buy. What we want most is to be left the hell alone -- and to be loved.
The Secret To Perfect Hair. I've figured out the secret to having perfect hair every day, and it is neither wigs, large hats, nor burkas.
I Was A 52-Year-Old (Thanksgiving) Virgin -- Until Last Week. My place in the preparation of the Thanksgiving meal has always been that of scullery maid, table setter, or dishwasher. My mother's little sidekick, I wholeheartedly embraced these roles, being far more interested in how to fold a napkin than in making a perfect pie crust.
These Popular Retirement Activities Won't Break The Bank. 
5 Steps to a Stress Free Holiday Season. Are you overwhelmed by just the thought of your to do list this holiday? Does the idea of making gifts, baking goodies, putting up the lights and attending yet another holiday party put you on edge? Most people overextend during the holiday season and they forget the joy that can come from the simpler things -- and if not joy, not a raging headache.
What We Remember About Home Economics -- The Good, The Bad And The Ugly. 
Easy Tips to KISS Away Menopausal Holiday Stress. They're baaack!  The holidays can be stressful under the best of times, much less when menopausal hormones have you hot flashing, not sleeping and let's face it, overreacting to every little thing.
Why Hosting A Party For Complete Strangers May Be The Best Thing You Ever Do. Once upon a time in a youth far ago, I enjoyed a reputation as a fabulous party host. Like many grown women, however, the parties I held after my 20s mostly entailed juice boxes and preschoolers peeing their pants while waiting in line for the pi\u00f1ata. My plans to throw a terrific party at the age of 52 presented new challenges
The Billionaire, the Boulud and the Baloney. His profile had described his marital status as \separated,\ which I took to mean living separately. When the truth came out, that phrase actually meant that he and his wife sometimes \separated\ when she was in the kitchen directing the staff while he was in the den writing to women.
The Irony of Intelligence. The smartest, most successful, highly effective people understand how to distinguish and separate that which is critically important (and in their control) from that which ultimately won't make a critical difference -- or, is outside of their circle of competence and control. It's an important distinction.
The Bill Cosby We Loved Is Gone. For those of us who grew up in the '60s, hearing accuser after accuser come forward with their accounts of rape and sexual assault by the beloved Bill Cosby is for some of us akin to a child  learning there is no Santa, Easter Bunny or Tooth Fairy.
The World's Top 10 Historic Hotels. Shiny and new has a certain charm (hey, I'm from Las Vegas, epicenter of shiny and new). But sometimes I like hotels that come with a little baggage. Love of history can be such a personal thing, but I swooned for the stories behind this particular bunch. So pack your suitcase and join me on a historical trip around the world, with stops at my favorite \hotels with history.\
5 Steps To Avoid The Sunday Evening Blues. It's late afternoon on Sunday. The weekend hourglass is trickling down to its last bit of sand and you feel a pervasive sadness cascading over you. As the afternoon wanes into evening, the intensity of the \Sunday blues\ gets worse.
5 Reasons Why Baby Boomers Blog. Yes, believe it or not, those of us over 50 really are computer savvy. We may not have grown up with cellphones or laptops, but as the media portrays, we learn quickly. And we are quickly catching up to the Mommy Bloggers.
Why I Think Customer Service Is Worse Than Ever. Since October, I've been trying to find a company that can fix something in my home, before it got too cold. It was easy to find companies that would sell all new equipment and install. However, I am looking for someone who would also provide estimates for repair, as I believe the largest and most expensive components are salvageable; it's the supporting pieces that are in disrepair.
The 8 Biggest Excuses That Keep You From Exercising. 
What Is Cataract Surgery Actually Like?. Cataract surgery means learning whether there's anyone you can count on to devote 24 hours of their life to taking care of you. Your Cataract Surgery Companion has to bring you to the clinic, take you home afterwards, then stick around for another day, just in case.
6 Silly Thanksgiving Memories of Mom. My mother died on November 1, so this is our first Thanksgiving without her. To make the occasion less painful, I've decided to think of funny things she used to do before dementia took her away.
Centenarians Spill The 4 Secrets To A Long And Happy Life. There is no magic pill for longevity. Instead, what these centenarians reinforce is that some of the secrets to wellbeing and lifelong happiness are the simple truths that we have always known -- loving relationships, financial stability, and a commitment to personal health.
Why We Shouldn't Dare Say 'Thanksgiving' Unless We Are Truly Giving. I can't remember a single Thanksgiving in all my 91 years, when we were at peace. Shame on us. What happened to giving thanks for peace? Giving thanks for unconditional love. Thanks for the privilege of living on this planet. And thanks for not destroying it.
Janet's Class. If you are of a certain age, retired, without an office and somewhat bored. I have an idea for you. Join an acting group, class, whatever you want to call it. What you need is an experienced leader to guide you and a dozen or so pleasant people who will commit to the venture.
How 'Sexiest Man' Chris Hemsworth Stacks Up Against His Powerhouse Predecessors. Does Chris Hemsworth -- tapped as People's 'Sexiest Man Alive' -- stand up to his powerhouse predecessors?
Surprising Things I Am Grateful For. I am grateful for negative people.  I see your behavior in a way that I can't see my own when I'm being negative. You make me laugh at my own negativity and have me see possibility I never did before.
Final Arrangements Should Be Made Sooner Rather Than Later. No one wants to make arrangements for the death of a terminally ill friend or family member. It's painful to think about any loved one's eventual passing, but it's important to make the arrangements sooner rather than later. In fact, it's best to do it when you first learn your loved one has a terminal diagnosis. Why?
This Is What Sustains People In Need As Nuclear Families Spread Out. As nuclear families shrink and spread out, it's relationships built on true friendship borne out of chance encounters that increasingly sustain people in times of need.
Some Really Good (And A Bit Of Bad) Health News For Regular Coffee Drinkers. 
10 Gifts People REALLY Want From Their Better Halves. 
3 Reasons Why Twitter May Be An Older Person's Best Friend. Much has been made of the fact that social media often keeps us from getting out into the world and forming real relationships, but what if you can't get out into the world? What if your health keeps you homebound and Facebook doesn't work because your 'friends' are more interested in what their grandchildren are doing than conversing with you? Don't discount social media!
The One New Year's Resolution I Really Need To Keep. The end of the year brings family gatherings, parties, and hopefully some reflection. Like many people at the end of the year, I write a list of New Year's Resolutions. This is something I look forward to every year and always with great enthusiasm. Often, this involves a lot of cutting and pasting from the previous year
Thanksgiving and Zebra Tablecloths. Who in the world would ever come up with the idea of zebra-striped shower curtains for a Thanksgiving dinner table? Only Jennifer.
Thanksgiving Just Wouldn't Be Thanksgiving Without...... 
How My Vision Of Thanksgiving Differs From The Reality. As I prepare my shopping lists and try to decide on this year's menu, why am I also filled with a growing feeling of exhaustion?
Health Care Overseas. In many countries you'll find excellent health care, with doctors and other practitioners who have studied at the world's best medical schools and hospitals.
What You Need To Do To Make A Midlife Career Change. 
25 Life Lessons From A 99-Year-Old. 
How I Learned To Love My Middle-Aged Hands. My veins wander and traverse each other, like a road map beneath my skin. They've always been that way, to an extent. Phlebotomists love me. But as I've grown older, and my skin has thinned, the veins have gotten more prominent. My kids tell me my hands weird them out. And sometimes I look at them and they weird me out. Mostly, they remind me that I'm aging.
3 Tips For Coping With Grief During The Holidays. When death occurs during the holiday season, all the jingling bells and fa-la-la-la-las are a crude backdrop for pain. The stark emptiness of loss throbs through your veins. You can barely breathe.
4 Keys To Living Longer And Better In Retirement. 
Connie Nielsen On Why 50 Is So Awesome. 
The Pen Is Mightier Than The Printer. I'll admit it -- I was never a note writer. I actually tried to elope with my first husband just so I wouldn't have to write thank-you notes for my wedding gifts. Did I appreciate the gifts that were given? Of course. But I'd rather do without 5.45 sets of china than have to write ten thank you notes.
The Hotter The Passion, The Harder The Breakup. Every boomer who has dated for a while knows how difficult it is to meet someone special, a keeper. Most single boomers have ridden a fair number of rockets, and each time they've blasted off willingly and hopefully, albeit naively. But the nerve-jangling hangover from a crashed rocket leaves boomers reeling in pain and confusion.
Retire! Dance! Die! But First, Pass the Chocolate. Boomers According to Google. Born in 1954, I identify as a Baby Boomer. But what does that mean, really? Who exactly are we Boomers? And how does the world see us?  I decided to perform a quick Google Search and find out.
Are You Concerned You May Be Developing Alzheimer's?. Two groups of people are especially vulnerable to the fear they are getting dementia - those who have a loved one with dementia and those who work with dementia patients, say at a nursing home or assisted living memory care unit.
10 Foods Overweight People Eat Regularly. 
10 Life-Changing Books We Read Growing Up. 
The Art Of Breaking Up Online. Technology has created what relationship researcher Scott Stanley dubs the \soft breakup.\ This is a breakup that is known to only one member of the two-person relationship. The other member is left in a quasi-state of communication, something like a flawed Skype connection, in which one party sees the other, who only sees a black box.
6 Tax Tips Midlifers May Not Know About -- But Should. 
Watch Steven Tyler Wail 'Dream On' In Maui Like It's 1973. 
Happy Menopausal Thanksgiving!. In the spirit of giving and being thankful, I am going to give you my special perimenopause and menopause Thanksgiving recipe, which helps me look forward to and enjoy the holidays!
6 Ways To Transition From Single Parent To Empty Nest. 
Why Tip-Of-The-Tongue Syndrome Terrifies Me. For the past few years, my husband and I have been engaged in a sort of memory-loss Olympics. We are constantly keeping track of who forgets more.
The Job Nobody Sees Coming. Caregiving is a worthy endeavor. There is no greater joy than to serve another. Even if it involves taking care of one from a not-so-great past relationship. All families have issues. This is an opportunity to forgive and make it right.
The Biggest Change In Flying Over The Past 50 Years. The Federal Aviation Administration announced a few months ago that air travelers would be able to operate most of their electronic toys throughout a flight, including takeoff and landing. I have a feeling that in 20 years we'll be laughing about the days when flight attendants yelled at us for playing Candy Crush at the wrong moments.
How A Bike Opened Up The World For One Middle-Aged Couple. Last summer, at the age of 57, Cathy Rogers and her 59-year-old husband, Paul, rode their bikes 3,300 miles from Washington State to Washington, D.C. as part of the Big Ride Across America. The ride took 50 days and covered 85 miles a day. It was definitely a bucket list item.
Our Job Is to Enable Well-Being. We're literally taking a page out of Gawande's book by recognizing that our real job is not just to put a roof over the heads of our older citizens.
5 Game-Changing Tech Tools For Caregivers. 
How Your Body Image Affects Your Daughter's Self-Esteem. The legacy that remains is having to monitor my thinking. Occasionally my choices. Automatic calorie counts registering in my head. Picking toppings off of pizza. 'I don't like crust', I explain. (That's a bunch of hooey).
Alzheimer's, Men and Caregiving. The journey for every Alzheimer's caregiver is hard. The road is filled with unexpected turns, bumps, detours and dead ends. It's easy to lose your way. Anger, confusion and feelings of helplessness and hopelessness are common.
Finally Live The Life You've Always Wanted With Wearables!. Google Nose will filter out any unpleasant scents, like rotten garbage or steamed Brussels sprouts. Google Mouth will automatically close if you try to eat something you shouldn't, like rotten garbage or steamed Brussels sprouts.
I'll Take Turkey Over Tofu, Thank You. I admire people who can concoct tantalizing new dishes and incorporate different ingredients to create new, delicious recipes. I'll even try some vegetarian, gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free, low-carb, meals, but please don't criticize me when I finish my customary Thanksgiving feast.
Do 'Elderly Crossing Signs' Discriminate Against Older People?. 
This Chef Has A Hilarious Problem Pronouncing 'Worcestershire'. 
Every Step You Take, Every Toe You Break. What to do? Stay off my feet. Catch up on my reading. And, to hasten the healing process,  try some \positive affirmations,\ or, as I have always thought of them, \bullsh*t.\
The Reasons Older Skiers Should Not Be Afraid Of The Slopes. Snow enthusiasts who are 50 and older comprise a fast growing segment of the U.S. ski industry. A National Ski Areas Association survey shows that, per capita, skiers 65 and older ski almost twice the number of days as the national average of five.
The Important Conversation Almost No One Seems To Be Having. My grandmother asked me to stay with her until it's over, and I can only think of a few reasons she'd ask me
I on Beauty. 
'Don't Lose The Body' And 8 Other Tips For Funeral Planning. In a wedding, you have months to prepare. With a funeral, you have days and you'll need to interrupt your own grieving to organize the deadly details.
Retirement Mythbusting. I am over one year into a transition to retirement, and as the new normal in my life (and my husband's life) takes shape, I am realizing there are many retirement myths available for public consumption.
How I Finally Won The Battle Against Gray Hair. I'm deep in the trenches in my battle against grey hair, and losing. Badly. By ground attack, water assault and drone strikes, those greys keep advancing, destroying my dome. My poor brown follicles have surrendered and now don the drab, grey uniform of the old enemy.
The Dutch Village Where Everybody Has Dementia. 
Are You a 'Plugged In' Boomer?. Are you \plugged in?\ Do you spend at least 27 hours per week on the Internet? Why would I use such a specific number? Because in a 2012 research study by WSL Strategic Retail, they found that Baby Boomers spend two hours more a week online than the 25 hours Millennials (ages 16 to 34) do on average.
Thanksgiving Food Safety. Thanksgiving food safety may not be the sexiest topic around, but it could be a lifesaver.
6 Ways Siblings Can Pull Together For Mom And Dad. 
How I Lost 85 Pounds And Became A Runner. I'd been trim all my life. I had two kids and proudly fit right back into my size eights after the birth of each one. Somehow, 20 years of life, and stress, sickness, and eating, found its way onto my five foot two inch frame. Although it certainly didn't happen overnight, it felt like I just blinked and there were a hundred extra pounds to be found inside my clothes.
Stalking and Being Stalked. She has considered fake-searching other items, like a compendium of the greatest philosophical thought of the twentieth century or tiny bikinis. Every time either of them popped up on her screen, it would make her proud that she would have been in need of such things.
11 University Towns That Double As Amazing Retirement Spots. For me, going away to school was the first time on my own. I was in a new place where I could reinvent myself. It was in college that I really became me. There was an energy in college that was unique. Each day our minds were exposed to new ideas. It was exhilarating. It's not surprising then, as people start planning their retirement, that moving to a college town environment is so popular.
The 8 Main Concerns Shared By Older Women. We heard from women in their 70s on our blog at 70candles.com and in 70candles discussion groups across the country, from New York to Texas. With decades of life ahead for many of us, it's a great time to reassess our lives and examine our options. Here are the topics that matter most to women in their 70s.
3 Tips For Ditching A Dreadful Date. Thanks to social networking, search engines, dating apps, access for a small fee to arrest records and the magical world of online hook-ups you should never suffer with the date from hell.
What To Do When Your House Becomes An Empty Nest. It's a sad moment when the last of your kids leaves home. While it can be emotional, you should also remember that you no longer have to pay for braces or broken arms or feeding growing kids, which means your finances will be freed up a bit.
5 Foolproof Ways To Make Your Marriage Last. A successful marriage should be a resum\u00e9 topper, the icing on the proverbial cake of accomplishments. I am incredibly proud of us and so fortunate to have found the man of my dreams who has given me a glorious life. However, don't think for one second that our life together has not been filled with many challenges.
Trying To Explain Heroin To The Concerned Father Of An Addict. The son carried diagnoses of anxiety and depression and had been prescribed the usual culprits
Why We Should Remember To Treat Every Day Like A Special Occasion. In 1969, my father traveled to Japan on a business trip and brought back an elegant silk robe as a gift for my mother. They had been high school sweethearts. He was the gregarious student body president and she was the timid valedictorian. He wasn't one for giving gifts and she wasn't comfortable accepting them.
My Pagan Youth Within The Walls Of Christianity. The all girls' private school that I attended from kindergarten through the sixth grade, played havoc with my personal wardrobe creativity. Being called out of class and into the school office to have my skirt length measured or queried about a certain hairstyle I had designed that morning on the way to school, was a regular occurrence for me. So was detention.
7 Tips To Ace The 'Relationship Talk'. The dreaded, difficult \relationship talk.\ By now, we've all had them, and they're still hard to navigate. Whether they're about money, sex or family issues, these talks make problems at the office look like a walk in the park.
Why I'm Using Cookies To Help Sell My First Book. A couple of surprising things happened in the course of writing my memoir, Sweet Survival
How to Maintain a Healthy Relationship, Even During Menopause. My husband, David, and I have been married 37 years. What's the secret to the longevity of our relationship? I'm no expert, but I know I have never stopped dating David! We are still in love and enjoy being with each other.
Help, My Phone Drowned!. Plop! It finally happened. My iPhone fell in the toilet. My husband has warned me many times about keeping my cell phone in my pants' back pocket and I continued to do so. It has fallen on the floor around the bowl too many times to count, but never before did I make the \bulls eye shot.\
Jane Pauley Shares Insights For Reimagining Your Life. Soon Jane will be 64 years old and she recently took a job as correspondent for CBS Sunday Morning. She also is the author of a new book, Your Life Calling, about people who are reimagining their lives during their second act.
The Questions To Ask Yourself Before Retiring Overseas. Before you can begin to consider where best you might relocate overseas in retirement, you've got to get to know yourself better. What's important to you? What things would you miss from your current life if they weren't part of your new one?
5 Life Lessons I Learned From Holding A Garage Sale. 
What To Do When You Truly Want To Reinvent Yourself. You've weighed all the critical issues, banged your head against the wall, complained to everyone you know, you walk around grumpy or frustrated but you're not sure why. You know you need to do something, you're just not quite sure what that 'something' is. It's time to Reinvent Your Life, so, now what do you do?
Why I Fantasize About Covering My Aging Face With A Mask. When I turned 50, one of the thoughts I had was 'like hell will I ever write anything for Huff/Post50.' And that right there is the problem. I'm finally over it. I'm over it because it's time to walk the walk.
5 Reasons Sex Is Way More Awesome After 50 Than At 25. One of the many advantages of getting older is that we know what we like and don't like. And now we laugh when remembering those ten minutes of frantic fumbling in the back seat of a teenager's car after the high school game. At our age, we prefer Egyptian cotton sheets, soft jazz, and the luxury of foreplay. We're not only older but a lot wiser.
9 Signs You're Winning At The Grandparenting Game. 
Retire To This Little-Known Wonderland Of The Old World. Before you're ready to retire, you're likely to notice places around the world where you'd like to be able to spend time. Not just once every several years or so in a hotel, but more regularly, as often as possible, in the company of your family and friends, and in a place of your own. That's the realization we made years ago in Istria, Croatia.
Unsung Heroes. 
Caregivers Reveal What It's Really Like To Look After A Sick Partner. 
60 Women Over 60 Look Back At Their First Jobs. We were one of the first generations of women to have the opportunity to chart our own course from the very beginning of our lives. Yes, many of us faced challenges with discrimination, and even harassment, along the way. But, for the most part, we were given an incredible opportunity to be healthier, better educated and more independent than any other generation.
The Serious Dating Blunder Every Woman Makes. A friend and I used to laugh that the men we were looking for were really women's personalities in men's bodies. Back then, I didn't know how true our little joke was. You see, when women go out into the dating world, they are looking for a handsome man who will be their best friend.
5 Nutritional Deficiencies You Might Not Even Know You Have. 
Meet The 70 Year Old Who Lives And Breathes Hello Kitty. 
The New, New Place. I hate moving, but I'm getting rather good at it. I try on and immerse myself in different environments. Kind of an Eat, Pray, Love of various communities, gaining some new angle of perspective in each place. So far it's without Javier Bardem, though. Damn.
Alzheimer's Journal - Come Back Early Today. 
What It Takes To Be A Real Gentleman In 2014. Being a gentleman requires possessing a mix of a positive attitude, selfless consideration, but mostly, is reliant on what kind of impression one leaves behind. The man who underneath rumpled denim took the time to shave, hold a door open and made another person feel heard -- well, that's a real gentleman. Are you one?
Ask Yourself These 7 Questions Before Retiring Overseas. Moving overseas can be the right move for a lot of us, especially those of retirement age or those with portable careers or even for families with children. If you want your kids to become true citizens of the world, there's no better way to give them some top-notch educational and cultural opportunities than by immersing them in a foreign culture.
What To Do When You're Among The Oldest People At Your Workplace. 
Why Some Of My Most Cherished Memories Relate To Halloween. There's a lot about our childhoods we'd like to forget
My Mother Re-Formed Her Rock Band -- And Rediscovered Her Groove. In the late 1960s six high school girls created a rock band simply because they felt like it. They didn't really have much experience -- they just knew that they loved music. One chose the drums because she had received a pair of old drumsticks from her neighbor; another chose the bass guitar, well, because that's what was left. They borrowed equipment from a couple garage bands and the 6 Pak was born.
Childless by Choice - Gas Station Condoms and Rumors of Infertility. Children can't be let out in the yard to play until you get up at 1:30 p.m. on Sunday because you were out late the night before. Dogs can. Cats don't even need to be let out, you can ignore them.
Rita Wilson On Life After 50 And The Lesson She Learned From Oprah. 
What A Caregiver Needs To Do In Order To Help Others. When I returned to Boston from Rome, where I served as U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican for almost five years, I was getting older and now had larger family obligations -- 17 grandchildren. But I still found the time and energy to do all the things I had and wanted to do.
Reinventing Your Midlife Relationship -- With Yourself. Unconditional love only happens between parent and child -- not spouses. Ok, I know this hurts. We want to believe in soul mates, true partners and the belief that regardless of what either of you do, love will prevail.
When the Bad News Comes, Be There and Remain Faithful. 
7 Reasons Cats Aren't The Best Pets. Research has been piling up to show that cats, like the people you meet on Match.com, are not quite  what they appear to be.
Why Some Millennials And Their Parents Are Slow To Cut The Cord. 
3 Ways To Make Money Last Through Retirement. 
The Grandkids. Grandparents would do well not to squander the opportunities life has given to them.
Get Ready To Feel Uncomfortable Watching These Reactions To 'Anaconda'. 
(LIVE) MAN WALKING. Having a walk with meet-up coffee is more palatable for me than sitting across the table from a stranger. For most, a meet-up is for discovering whether you like each other enough to go on a first date.
\I Love My Mother. But If She Passed Away Today I Would Be Thankful\. I love my mother. But if she passed away today I would be thankful. That doesn't make me a heartless, horrible daughter; I only want her to be free from earthly constraints and permanent disability.
What I Learned During My Fascinating Evening With Madeleine Albright. From time to time we have pre-conceived notions about people. As much as we try not to, we do. Last week while I was on my way to hear Madeleine Albright speak, I feared that her presentation might be dull and boring. After all, talking about sanctions against Iraq or the American policy in Bosnia is certainly educational, but it can also be very dry. I couldn't have been more wrong.
5 Common Medicare Mistakes And How To Avoid Them. I am about to turn 65 and am eligible for Medicare. But it appears that things between me and Mr. M are already off to a rocky start. Frankly, I think he's a lying cheating bastard who promises to love and care for you like nobody's business but then -- at least from what I keep hearing from friends who have already spent time in his company -- it turns out he's all talk and no action.
Menopause and Pelvic Exams. Sometimes you get so used to doing things a certain way that when the protocol changes, it can throw you for a loop.
Why I Yearn For The Boring Days of Yore. We have become a place of extremes. The weather is either so hot you can fry an egg on your sidewalk, or so cold your husband won't come out of the bathroom naked for months. The news vacillates between men risking their lives to save a kitten on the subway tracks, and a co-worker beheading the receptionist.
So Just How Often DO You Need A Mammogram?. Most of you probably go for annual mammograms, but currently the experts disagree as to when and how often you should take pictures of your breast friends.
Why We Need To Combat Ageism Just Like We Do Racism. 'She's a woman of a certain age,' said the chief executive to his senior management team. 'How do you think that will go down with the rest of the company?' Yes, you read that correctly. In 2014, these conversations are still happening around boardroom tables in the world.
Walking The Line. Tonight I received a call from my kiddo who thought I was crazy for dying my hair purple. \Mom, you know how you said you are going to do whatever you want since you had the heart attack?\ \n\Yes,\ I answer hesitantly, wondering what he has in mind.
Are You Too Old to Say, 'My Bad?'. Mattressable -- adj.  A term used for a woman who is easy to sleep with. \Cynthia didn't throw the covers off and on according to her body temperature fluctuation, nor admonish him for breathing, blinking, snoring, therefore Steve deemed her highly Mattressable.\
The Queen Of Fashion Returned With A Flourish To (Again) Dominate The World's Fashion Weeks. She's notoriously shy, yet always the center of attention, especially during Fashion Week -- after all, the models might be pretty and the designers talented, but whatever the fashion world's reigning Queen Anna says, goes.
10 Of The Funniest Boomer TV Moments Ever. 
Learning To Live Out Loud In The Second Half Of My Life. Learning to live out loud in my second half wasn't originally my goal, but it happened anyway. I pretty much spent a lifetime fluffing the pillows in my cushy comfort zone. But all that changed four years ago when I took a chance as the empty nest began to creep up on me. Fueled by hysteria and impulse I decided to pursue my first love ... writing.
3 Steps For Achieving True Happiness In Your Relationships. Have you ever noticed that some men seem relaxed, content and satisfied as they embark on a new relationship? Beginning an alliance with seemingly unlimited opportunities can make one feel fantastic, hopeful and euphoric. Both of you want to be with someone who is self-confident, at ease and prepared to enjoy each other's company.
Why Even Smart People Keep Falling For Scams. n the past year, Americans have lost over $18 billion to fraud, identity theft and various scams. But how? We all know when something seems too good to be true, it probably is. So, why do people continue to fall for scams or fail to protect their personal data?
Joan Lunden On The Greatest Challenges Of Caregiving And Cancer. 
An Interview With 114-Year-Old Anna Stoehr. Life in the Boomer Lane's father was often fond of saying \The first 100 years are the hardest.\ Anna Stoehr of Minnesota proves him wrong.
Should Grandparents Worry About Their Credit?. 
9 Home Improvements For Your Aging Parents. 
HRT and Heart Disease. Hot flashes, insomnia and foggy brain can drive you over the edge, so you consider hormone therapy or HRT and then remember about the things you've read about HRT and heart disease.  What is that all about and which part is factual?
Technology Just Got A Whole Lot Easier With The RealPad. AARP is launching an android tablet called the RealPad, aimed at tech-shy Boomers and Seniors.  It is currently available to order online and will ship in the middle of October.
Why The 'Golden Girls' Got It Right When It Comes To Living Arrangements. Lately, I've been giving a lot of thought to my commune -- the one I plan on forming when I'm older and widowed and my kids are launched into lives of their own. Think I'm alone in the commune-planning department? You'd be mistaken.
Can This Long-Time Marriage Survive?. Our long-time marriage has become a kind of dinosaur in this day and age where starter marriages have become the norm.
Why I Don't Want To Die At 75. Ezekiel Emanuel is a very distinguished scientist... Needless to say, his 5,000-word piece evoked a lot of debate, although everyone agreed he makes some important and startling points. They are his reasons for saying that he hopes to die at 75 and that, after he turns 65, he plans to discontinue all his health care -- no flu shots, colonoscopies, surgery, pacemakers.
5 Anti-Aging Steps Everyone Should Consider Taking In Middle Age. 
When TV Dinners Met the Boob Toob. I don't eat this sort of food anymore, but like the TV shows that accompanied them, I recall these dinners with some fondness. Like TV, they were new and modern. Like the throwaway fodder we watched with delight, our TV dinners looked delicious on the packaging, but delivered empty calories and little taste.
The Greatest Hazard Of Living A Healthy Life. I am always surprised when I realize I'm in my 50s. I know the years are whizzing by, but I don't really feel much difference. I still love to go clubbing with my girlies, I run half marathons, and go on long Harley rides with my husband. I have a very good job working with people I love.
Why We're All The Same Freaks We Were In High School -- And Why That's Okay. As a teenager I felt like that solid, red pimple with no give, no whitehead ripe for a satisfying squeeze. The pain on the outside reflecting the tense churning and discomfort underneath. A differentness I knew would keep me permanently locked out of their circle, disconnected from everyone else who seemed so in tune with one another. They had best friends. I never did.
Why Breast Cancer Awareness Is A Lot More Than Just 'Thinking Pink'. While seeing breast cancer awareness raised to 21st century levels of conscience is truly a wonderful thing ... it is not enough.
Why You Need To Talk To Your Parents About Aging. It's not easy for anyone when the time to put away the car keys is reached
Sharing Cancer Stories on Facebook. \So the odds of recovery are 94-99%. Pretty good, huh?\ We were two middle-aged guys whose morning routine included a walk to the corner to buy a newspaper from a blue, metal stand.
What Every Woman Really Wants Out Of A Relationship. I have my own theory as to why many women are attracted to bad/elusive/unapproachable men. It's simple. The ultimate coup isn't getting a nice, sweet guy to like you. He likes everyone, right The brass ring is getting someone to like you who is not available or approachable.
Need A Job? 3 Ways To Turn Your Networking Meetings Into An Offer. Conducting a proactive job search is, by far, the most effective way to land your next position. Rather than merely reacting to the market by responding to postings, answering ads or attending job fairs, proactive job-seekers target companies where they'd like to work and network their way through the door.
6 Things You Should Never Touch At Work During Flu Season. 
How I Benefited From A Summer Of Walks With Coworkers I Didn't Know. It's lunchtime on any given weekday. Look around. Do you see your coworkers? Most likely they are sitting at their desks, frantically trying to meet another deadline while scarfing down forkfuls of salad. Just like you. And most of the time, just like me as well. But over the summer things changed.
Gramma Good's Packing Tips. Packing and unpacking is tedious whether it is for a short weekend getaway or an extended trip lasting several weeks. My plan makes the \physical action\ of packing bearable. And I might add, I pack for two -- myself and my husband!
Why I'm Thinking Of Separating From A Wonderful Man After 27 Years Together. Everyone has their advice, but for the person wrestling with this question, there's no answer that doesn't make your hands sweat, heart race, and leave a permanent lump in your throat -- particularly when there are two young kids at home who adore the person you're considering leaving.
The 10 Dos And Don'ts Of Online Dating. The world of online dating should be regarded as a vast pick-up joint... As a mature adult you'll need to employ all the healthy skepticism you've built up over the decades, because it's easy on the internet for a person to be economical with the truth, or to tell outright lies about who they are and what they're after.
A Wardrobe Malfunction. I am not much of a housekeeper. I often tell the story of the time my mother-in-law and my mother got to talking about my housekeeping skills. I don't remember exactly how it came up but their discussion ended with my mother saying, \Well she didn't get that from me.\
Doctor My Eyes. With age, comes wisdom. And, frequently, cataracts. By age 80, more than half of all Americans either have a cataract or have had cataract surgery. I'm having cataract surgery next week, and I'm hoping to have a little fun with this particular rite of passage.
The Personality Trait That Will Make You A Successful Midlifer. In midlife, people can become so overwhelmed with multiple demands on their time that they can't get started on anything, much less those tasks that they need to get through somehow. You've got to get stuff done at work, pick up your kids, finish cleaning out your closets, maybe head to the gym, and get dinner on the table.
How To Help Your Teen Deal With Bullies. Every year in each and every middle school and perhaps even in some elementary and high schools, countless girls will be traumatized by a mean girl. Whether the mean girl chooses bullying, ostracizing or leaving a former friend with a broken heart by cutting her off from friendship, victims have to recover from a sad time when their self-esteem is most vulnerable.
The New Girls' Night Out For Older Women. Last night, the instructor of my women's weightlifting class -- let's call her Sarge -- had us use heavy weights to build the muscles in our backs and chests.  Picture us, about 10 ordinary middle-aged women, grunting and groaning in an old school gym. This, my friends, is the new girls' night out.
3 Things All Restaurants Should Stop Doing Now. In case you didn't come to this conclusion on your own, I'm the sort of guy who's always looking for signs that the world is coming to an end. Or at least civilization as we know it. I'm sorry, but I need to pass on this latest nugget, suggesting that maybe the end has already arrived.
The Most Common Complaint Among Those Who Retire Abroad. There are always a few expats who feel that, once they arrive in a country, no other foreigners should be allowed in. As soon as they're settled, they'd like all talk of this great place they've found to live or retire to cease (except for their own blogs and posts about what a great place they've found to live or retire).
Blogging In An Evening Gown. 
How Breast Cancer Impacted My Sexuality. Breast cancer affects one in eight women in the United States who live to be 80 years old. The mortality rate is nearly nineteen percent. If you are a woman over the age of 40, I urge you to have your mammograms. Thirteen years ago I was diagnosed with breast cancer, and if it was not for mammograms, I might not be alive today.
The Empty Nest Through a Husband's Eyes. Years of shared experiences, and the comfort  of complete compatibility, more than make up for any lost youth, no matter what marketers splash across our screens
How I Reinvigorated Long-Time Friendships With A Guys' Weekend. Celebrating 50th birthdays together with two men who have been my best friends since high school, we came for a weekend to Iron Mountain on Michigan's upper peninsula to celebrate in style. We wanted to try something new. Pasties were only an added reward.
Adventure #1. My best friends and I drove a '60 Chevy from Albuquerque, New Mexico to Mexico City, Guadalajara and Acapulco during winter break in 1967. Not only did I turn 18 on the trip, but my bff's were all guys
5 Tips To Deal With Your Friend's Divorce Drama. \Best friends forever\
What We Can Learn From Taiwan About Aging. Imagine how exciting it would be to design a whole new system of care for older adults -- entirely from scratch. You'd be working with a clean slate, unencumbered by the temptation to retain old ways of operating, simply because 'we've always done it this way.'
Why Men Are Moodier Than Women -- Especially As They Age. Last week was what I would call a 'grumpy old week'. The media has been full of articles about curing grumpiness, how cats are grumpy and how the menopause along with mood swings associated with it, will soon be a thing of the past. I buzzed from radio station to radio station, giving my opinion on the grumpy story of the day. Then one story threw me
What You Gain By Ditching Your Smartphone. I've always been an early adopter of technology and hadn't realised the insidious changes that the best, fun technology had wrought. I now know that I am so assaulted with attention-grabbing gadgets and the ever-increasing demands of instant communications that I need to make time to disengage.
Why It's OK Not To Be Best Friends With Your Spouse. I'm not one to share sad stories...this however is a love story. Between two friends. My Dad was diagnosed with brain cancer. His best friend Al, never left his side. In the hospital he was there, with ice chips and the occasional perfectly... timed quip. His wit and intelligence is unmatched. And his understanding of my father, like no other.
6 Tips For Better Sex From An Erotic Romance Author. When couples are younger I think they look at sex like fast food -- get as much as you can as often as you can. Just gorge yourself on it. But as you get older you discover that if you learn relax, with food and sex, the pleasure can be indescribable. You learn sex is like a fine meal, something to be slowly savored, not gobbled on the run.
Sex After 50. Your cell phone may be left on, but adjust the setting to the default ring -- not ones that you've downloaded of Dracula laughing, a horse farting or a tune by Wayne Newton.
The 5 Biggest Mistakes Older Investors Make. 
I on Beauty. I have been a pet owner my entire life.  My pets are my children, friends, and most definitely my biggest fans.  My life wouldn't be the same without them, and most likely, neither would my health.
15 Songs That Defined The Boomer Generation. 
Why Physical Attraction Is All in Your Nose. A new study in the American Journal of Political Science reveals that people find the smell of others with similar political opinions to be attractive, suggesting that one of the reasons why so many spouses share similar political views is because they were initially and subconsciously attracted to each other's body odor.
50 Shades Of Shame-Worthy Behaviors Beyond Airline Passengers. 
Why Rational Women Repeat Irrational Patterns. We are often smart, accomplished, and in other areas of our lives, self-confident. So what is it that happens when we are face-to-face with a man with whom we feel a deep attraction? In many cases, we become someone we believe that man wants, rather than who we are. What is it that has us abandon ourselves and create something artificial?
Middle (St)age. I never heard of a life hack until recently. I thought it was what my Grandpa Henry was doing almost constantly by the age of 80 after he smoked two packs of cigarettes his whole life. Or maybe what our first cat, Brownie, was doing under the bed when she would leave us little fur encrusted gifts. Mmmmmm. Life Hacks.
Why Middle-Aged People Should Consider Going Back To School. Everyone we know is going to give us advice and tell us what they think we should do, and what will be right for us. As tempting as it is to take the advice, it will likely completely screw us up. Dare to look the gift horses in the mouth
Why It Actually Might Be A Good Idea For Everyone To Die At 75. Death isn't what scares me. Dying is. And that's because the act of dying today is too often accompanied by medical interventions long passed the point where the patient's prognosis would suggest their futility. Why should dying be so hard?
When Facebook Is The Bearer Of Bad News. In the history of guys, he was the guy every girl has known. Some girls even marry that guy, but not many. By the time that guy gets ready to settle down, he's no longer that guy. He's mellower, older, a little tired.
The Perfect Break-The-Fast Dishes For Your Yom Kippur Buffet. Yom Kippur is one of those holidays that makes me think about food. It's not supposed to do that, of course. Yom Kippur is the Day of Atonement and it's a holiday that should get you thinking about confessing, forgiving and making things right.
Don't Be Surprised by Retiree Healthcare Costs. 
Mid-Life Stress Linked To Greater Alzheimer's Risk. 
Childhood Lasts A Thousand Years. Who is most aware of what we have carried forward with us from childhood? Our partners. Intimate relationships are the contexts where these old reflexes are most likely to emerge and even dominate our current experience.
2 1/2 Tips For A Happier Life... Start Today!. Everyone wants to be happy! It's a primal desire that needs to be satisfied but rarely is completely attained. That's OK -- striving motivates us and leads to greater feelings of well-being.
Proof That 'Sexy' Doesn't Have An Expiration Date. I really don't understand why people collude with a misogynistic cultural message. I don't know why it's threatening to see an older woman rocking a revealing outfit, or to picture an older woman having sex. Perhaps younger women don't want more competition? Perhaps men find a hot woman with life experience intimidating?
5 Simple Steps To A Sharper Memory. Spending your precious time worrying about everything can be dealt with through mindfulness based stress reduction or MSBR.\u00a0You can reach that state through meditation and it's extremely helpful in lowering blood pressure and minimizing the effects of depression.
Gilligan's Island, Where Were You When The Minnow Ran Aground?. It seems hard to believe that 50 years have elapsed since the debut of Gilligan's Island on September 26th, 1964. Virtually every baby boomer born in The U.S. was alive during the premiere.
101 Effective (But Simple) Practices For Loving Yourself More Deeply. Over the next week or two, that phrase, 'extreme self-care' sort of haunted me -- but in a good way. I got curious what extreme self-care would look like in my own life. And, I was curious about if and how our community could benefit.
Baby Boomer Change. Baby Boomers, have you ever noticed how much change happens in your life now? I know, stupid question right? Let me put my question into better perspective for you. Do remember when you were just a little toddler?
A Tale of Three Titties. Apparently, one Jasmine Tridevil, a massage therapist from Tampa, Florida, was claiming to have just spent $20,000 to get a third breast implanted between the two she already had.  Why? She was fed up with dating.
12 Pieces Of Grandparenting Advice For The Clintons. 
The Defining Moment That Made Me Decide To Move To Nicaragua. Folks say that when you move to a foreign country, you'll have a defining experience
I Hope We Recognize Each Other. What happens when we do meet someone who doesn't fit into our type? Often, we decide instantaneously that this really nice and healthy man fits into the 'friends only' category. We may think, even hope, that as we come to know the person, that romantic attraction may grow.
3 Oversights That Are Killing Your Dating Life. Here are three oversights that are killing your dating life, especially if you are 50 or older, and what you can do to bring it back from the dead.
A Guide To Sex At 50 And Beyond. 
National Punctuation Day. Do you ever wonder what life would be like without punctuation? Days would run into nights into months into years into centuries into millennia. It would be like having streets and avenues with no traffic lights. Summer clothes would be worn in winter and vice versa.
Mustard Greens and Pot Liquor Love. The way to my heart is not fancy chocolates, furs, or diamonds. It is mustard greens and a glass of pot liquor.
The Resume Secret It Takes A Lifetime To Learn. Many of us go through life and career believing that the track we're on is cast in stone. We have become so used to the job, the company and the routine, that we mistakenly think that these define us and what we are capable of doing. We become identified with the job. But we are not our jobs.
Watch This Little Girl Age 80 Years Right Before Your Eyes. 
The 10 Unspoken Agreements of Middle-Aged Female Friendship. We don't see you plucking silver hairs in your rearview mirror and throwing them out the car window at stoplights. No, we do not.
Remembering. Remember? That first moment in time when you were aware of things around you and how you felt.  Can you remember what were you doing?
5 Ways Boomers Can Play Nice With Millennials At Work. 
6 Of The Best Movies For Grownups This Fall. 
I on Beauty. Joan Rivers' recent medical condition required her daughter, Melissa Rivers, to make perhaps the most difficult decision of her life.
Kate Burton On TV's Embrace Of Women Over 50. 
It's Time To Rename Retirement. 
Middle (St)age Never Stop Learning. Take me, for instance. Just because I have been with Allstate since the Beatles broke up, or at least Wings, have drunk the same coffee since my first hangover and haven't had a new hairstyle since my senior prom...  Well, I wouldn't say I'm stuck in my ways.
The Crawleys Are Back. Downton Abbey sweeps back on to Sunday-night television in Britain this weekend, much to the delight of its avid fan base. While the British public has long had a love affair with costume drama -- not to mention Dame Maggie Smith -- the rest of the world has also taken the show to its bosom.
7 Anti-Aging Secrets Celebrities Swear By. 
What Every Guy Needs To Do Now To Save His Face. Gentlemen, listen up! Okay, so maybe guys in our demographic don't need to be screamed at, or better yet, told what to do at our age. But for those who aren't paying attention to basic grooming, there's a very good chance our wives, girlfriends or significant others are starting to look younger -- even a lot younger -- than us. Sound familiar? Or, worse, look familiar?
Boomers Reveal How They Really Feel About Sex. An apology to loyal readers of this blog and to those who arrived here because they will read anything with the word 'sex' or 'lubrication' in it. The following is not a boomer version of the Kama Sutra. Reading this will not allow you to cavort between the sheets as though it were 1976 and you were made of rubber.
How This Boomer Pursues His Passion Without Sacrificing His Career. Career reinventions in and past mid-life are successful when they reflect authentic passions, commitments, concerns and issues. At this point in our lives and careers, we need to acknowledge who we are, what we're good at, and what kind of legacy we want to leave. But this does not mean that we have to necessarily turn our backs on our current careers.
What I Learned From Taking A 'Selfie'. In the midst of that mysterious, sacred bond that connects childhood friends, something even bigger seems to emerge. In the small intangibles that remain from the innocence of youth.
Engaged and Enraged People Vow to End Alzheimer's by 2020. Bea Lerner, Trish Vradenburg's mother, called at 3:00 AM one morning to complain about a strange man in her house. Trish and her husband, George, immediately went there to find only one man in the house, her husband.
7 Little Habits That Wreak Havoc On Your Feet. 
AARP \Ideas@50+\ San Diego Review. 
Why Today Wouldn't Be Such A Bad Day To Die. All it takes is an awakening experience, a message from the deepest part of the self, to be aware that in certain moments of completion, contentment and even joy, today wouldn't be a bad day to die.
Who Needs January 1? Fall's the Time for New Beginnings. Fall -- it's filled with endless possibilities. Losing the weight to fit into that great dress for Christmas, cleaning out computer files, planting fall flowers, not to mention vegetables -- everything's a possibility.
No 'Cure' for Growing Older. The place I'd like to hit the \pause\ button is not on my menses, which I've never minded much and will miss when the egg factory closes down for good, but on our society's terror of human aging, fragility and change.
What Joan Rivers Taught Us About Dying. While we can only read between the lines of the sad news when Joan was rushed to the hospital after an outpatient procedure and then was in and out of intensive care, it appears she and her daughter at some earlier time had \that conversation.\
A Brother's Ashes Quietly Honored on World AIDS Day. When I realize that recently I observed my own 91st birthday, and that Kirk never made it past 40, I am unable to do the math or come to any easy conclusion. I am in strange, uncharted new territory. Dying always seems to involve me in taking a trip of some kind, except there are no reservations.
How Baby Boomers Are Redefining Healthy Aging. For many decades, medicine, like so many other aspects of American life, was concerned with treatment on a mass scale. In the second half of the 20th century, healthcare became less of a calling and more of a business.
Happy Grandparents Day! Have We Got A Tribute For You!. 
Remembering My Larger-Than-Life Grandmother 'Pretzel'. Born in 1902 on a farm in Loup City, Nebraska, Geraldine Ayliff Waite always hated her name. So her grandchildren just called her 'Pretzel.' To me, Pretzel was larger than life.
NBC's Tamron Hall On The Grandfather Who Was Always There For Her. 
Why It's Easier To Grandparent From Afar Than You Think. With baby boomers following the sun (and a lower cost of living) to increasingly far-flung destinations, it's good to know we have so many options these days for grandparenting from afar.
Lessons From A Watermelon. I just love watermelon. I could eat this sucker all by myself in no time, I told myself in the store. So I'll cut it in half with a medieval war axe (I'll find one somewhere), eat some, give some to the neighbors and chill the other half.
Don't Have Any Retirement Savings? You're Not Alone. Those 50 and older have got a lot of catching up to do if they want to have a comfortable quality of life due to their retirement savings.
The Key To A Successful Job Search You May Be Overlooking. Most savvy job-seekers would reply to the negative. They are well aware that networking is the most effective method to finding work. In fact, job search articles claim that anywhere from 75 to 90 percent of positions are obtained through personal referral. And this percentage grows even greater for the older applicant.
How Your Personality Type Can Determine Your Retirement Type. I have my own theory about why some people retire happily and others get depressed or ill upon retirement, about why some people drive fast and like rollercoaster rides and horror movies, and others-- like me-- absolutely refuse to see anything violent and frightening and have always avoided scary rides in amusement parks.
The Very Best Part Of An Internet-Free Family Vacation. For me, a family vacation's always a bit like my Moroccan chicken
I've Fallen in Love with Someone New. When I became a mother for the first time in 1980, there was no \use and care\ manual that came with a newborn. Most of us just winged it
How to Say Goodbye to Summer. As another summer heads to the airport, my thoughts head back to 1982, when I was a secretary in the Artist & Repertoire (A&R) Department at CBS Records and the song \Goodbye to You\ first aired on the radio.
She Was Joy, Light, and Woohoo!. magine riding through a neighborhood with the windows down, warm air blowing through your hair, and laughing hysterically as the driver yells, \Woohoo! Get out of our way!\ while beeping the horn non-stop. Yea, that was my grandmom.
The Best Possible Ways To Turn Back The Clock On Your Body. 
Why Today's Parents Have No Business Giving Their Kids Advice. The days of sitting your sons and daughters on your lap and giving them a stern lesson about the complexities of life no longer matter, because that was your life, not theirs. The days of going to college, getting a good job and doing just enough to get by for 40 years is also over. If you love your kids and want the best for them, stop giving them advice and stop guiding them.
What We Love Most About Keanu Reeves On His 50th Birthday. This is how Keanu Reeves went from teen idol to all-around Good Egg.
7 Ways Vacations Get Better As Your Kids Get Older. Teenagers, with the fastest texting thumbs in the world, were able to flag flight delays before the airline announced them, book an airport hotel room on the spot, and have Siri tell them which pizza place delivered to the middle of nowhere. Toddlers? You still must entertain them for hours and their stuff weighs more.
Empty Nesting Season. When I looked at those parents and children, I heard the anguish in my friend's heart. The joy and pride of one moment.  The emptiness and confusion of another.  My own tears as I watched my son drive away.
My Father's Dementia Makes Me Laugh. I suppose I must start out with a hat tip to honesty and confess that while the title to this piece is about how my father's dementia makes me laugh, I do have moments where I secretly want to cry about it.
8 Unforgettable Lessons We Learned From Our First Jobs. 
The 5 Sexiest Things About Richard Gere On His Birthday. 
Proof That You Can Live A Positive Life, Even With MS. Of the more than 2.3 million people worldwide who are diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, I am only one story. I am a wife, mother, daughter, daughter-in-law, sister, friend, and woman living with an incurable and unpredictable disease. And even though I am only one person, my story can add great value by educating othe
7 Reasons Job Interviews Suck As You Grow Older. There is one topic very few baby boomer women really discuss, and that is the utter despair felt when looking for work. Maybe we've recently left a job, or have been downsized, or are finally in a place to do what we have always wanted to do. It seems like an exciting time, until our first interview experience. For many of us, it has been years since we've had to interview.
Increasingly, Retirees Dump Their Possessions and Hit the Road. 
Like Me On Facebook. Or Else.. After attending a motivational workshop for entrepreneurs called \Overlooked Opportunities in Social Media
8 Essential Health Checks For Women. 
The Alarming Health Risks Of Sitting Too Much. 
Good News From One Of The World's Top Retirement Havens. Over the past three decades I've been writing about Belize. I've regularly borrowed Morley Shafer's line from the mid-80s, when he traveled to Belize City to film a segment for 60 Minutes.\The good news from Belize,\ Morley said looking up from a little wooden boat in the middle of the Belize River, \is no news from Belize.\
Finally! Las Vegas Grows Up. My favorite can-do town loves to reinvent itself, and it's at it again. Nothing too jarring, though; more of a slow roll. And it's left some confusion among the local populace.
Making Friends and Enjoying an Active Social Life in Belize. While living in the San Francisco Bay Area my husband and I both worked long days, and too many weekends. We rarely bumped into our neighbors, had little free time for socializing, and even less energy.
Hair Products. 
What Every Caregiver Needs To Know About The Healthcare System. I'm a senior trying to care for an even more senior parent. There are lots of us. We are grandparents who are struggling through our \golden years,\ some of us still working far beyond age 65. Many of us are trying to be good \children\ for our parents at the same time we are trying to be present in the lives of our grandkids. It's a tough, multi-generational balancing act.
Employment for the Ages. Britain is currently at the cusp of what the Financial Times has called the biggest reform to its pension system since it began a century ago.
8 Herbs And Spices That Fight Off Disease. 
The Ancient Practice That Can Transform Your Life. The act of going on a retreat is not woo woo. Leaving our daily lives behind and retreating into our primal rhythms, our purest flow, has been done since the beginning of time. The Native Americans went on Vision Quests. Jesus went to the desert. Buddha went to the Bo tree.  Muhammad went to a cave.
5 Tips To Finding Purpose And Meaning Later In Life. 
5 Things Empty Nesters Never Say. 
3 Lessons On Aging We Can Learn From Robin Williams. We expect brilliant people such as Robin Williams to contribute to society well past their 60th birthdays. Yet the rest of us are more or less expected to retire, step aside, and draw benefits from the government for the rest of our lives. This neediness and dependency view is vastly out of touch with what we now know about aging.
Parents' Plans For Retirement Are Crimped By Kids' College Debt. 
Learning To Be A College Mom. 
Al Roker is 60... and?. All week long, NBC ran a promo featuring Mr. Roker telling us he wasn't interested in retiring. Well, I would think not. At 60, he hasn't reached the national average retirement age.
A True-Life Love Story. It started with a chance meeting
How To Pick The Perfect Retirement Location. 
How To Help Your Grandkids Save For College. 
The 20 Greatest Entertainment Flops In Boomer History. 
A Freeway Detour. I stopped, pulled over and walked back to the dog. He was still standing guard on the bridge. As I approached, he began barking, then jumped down behind the bridge and started to run. I turned my back and sat on the bridge to see if the dog would settle down. I was in no hurry.
Love Your Skin In Your 50s And Beyond. 
6 Things Modern Grandkids Just Don't Understand. 
A Process Of Stimulating Alzheimer's Patients That's 'Nothing Short of Magic'. The process of trying to creatively stimulate a group of residents at Serenades Memory Care Assisted Living is called poetry facilitation. But to many, it's nothing short of magic.
A Parent's Guide To Minimizing Sibling Rivalry. Competition between brothers and sisters may cease once they grow up, or it may get worse. Is there anything parents can do to heal a rift?
Mediocrity. There's a new disease spreading through the collective, and it makes me very sad. It doesn't cause lumps or fevers, but make no mistake -- it is frighteningly contagious. It's called mediocrity.
This Is The Car People Drive When They're Old. It's quite quiet, too -- with good tires. There's little road noise and when you do hear the engine, it's a good throaty sound.
How To Plan The (Nearly) Perfect Family Reunion. I remember when it started. A year and a half ago my husband walked into my office and said, 'Guess what? My brother just e-mailed me and he thought it would be a great idea if we had another family reunion. What do you think? They're looking at some place in California.'
7 Great Tips To Help You Cope When Your Kid Leaves For College. So your kid is going off to college and you're dreading it. Every time you walk past his or her room, all you can see are the bags from Target or Walmart filled with towels, extra long twin sheets, pillows, socks, a shower caddy and Ramen noodles. Your heart is breaking, right?
One Of The World's Best Celeb Photographers Reveals His Favorite Star Moments. When it comes to Mike Ruiz, what you see isn't necessarily what you get. Ruiz, a close friend of mine for almost two decades, is unquestionably one of the best celebrity photographers in the world.
50th Reunion First Rule. I've never attended a school reunion in my life. Not high school, college, or graduate school. Never. But the 50th Oswego High School (NY) reunion was irresistible to me. I asked myself, \If not now, when?\ And so I booked the hotel, rental car, and flight, and took off for Lake Ontario.
The 2 Simple Words That Will Improve Your Marriage. My husband has a lot more patience than I do. So he does a lot of the things around the house that require that particular virtue.
Woodstock. About a month ago, I was standing in front of the Woodstock display at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland Ohio when it happened again. A guy about my age, wearing a baseball cap over what I assumed was a balding head, sized me up and asked
The 3 Questions Everyone Should Ask Before Marriage. There's no perfect method or algorithm for choosing a mate. But according to the elders, taking a step back and asking these three questions about your relationship can help you avoid a tragic mistake -- or move you toward a long, fulfilling life together.
Why This Place South Of The Border May Be The World's Best Retirement Spot. Costa Rica, often dubbed the 'happiest place on earth,' has long beckoned expats from North America and elsewhere who long for a more laidback lifestyle and warm tropical breezes.
Why Are We So Obsessed With Getting Older That We Need To Know Everyone's Age?. Why is it, whenever a reporter interviews you, they ask how old you are? The last time this happened to me, I asked that very question. The reporter replied, 'People want to know how old you are, so we have to put down your age.'
Social Security. People need to consider all sources of income before making a decision about Social Security, including the use of a reverse mortgage that are growing more popular.
La Luna S\u00faper. At midnight on Sunday, whoops it's already Monday! we said our goodbyes. Backlit by a spectral Super Moon, our shadows stretched long. Hugs all around, even though most of us had just met, in the dark, in a burned out flat in Angeles National Forest.
'Ding Dong The Witch Is Dead' Obit Says. 
11 Things You Should Never Do Again After 50. 
How I've Struggled With The Idea Of Being A Senior Citizen. Some folks march with heads held high into their senior years. That seemed more than I could manage. When I turned 60 and could pass for less, I forsook senior price tickets at the movie theater or museum, even stretched that out until I realized that vanity had closed out opportunities I was dumb to miss.
Why Baby Boomers Will Never Go Quietly Into The Night. I am a proud Baby Boomer, and believe our moniker is right on target. Our arrival caused a sonic boom in the population, our work ethic is both unsurpassed and bordering on maniacal, and we are hanging onto relevancy like a cat being pulled from a scratching post filled with catnip. We survive even when the Millennials wish we would die already so they could find a job.
3 Tried-And-True Ways To Boost Brain Power. Nicholas Spitzer, professor or neuroscience at the University of California and editor-in-chief of brainfacts.org, has a message for all of you out there who are listening to classical music and doing crossword puzzles as a way of improving your brain functioning
Banish Worry From Your Life Once And For All. Throughout my life, I have been a world-class worrier. My anxieties have ranged from small OCD-type behaviors -- returning home multiple times to make sure I locked the door or turned off the oven -- to the infinitely more fertile field of worrying about my children.
Why I'm Happy Being A Late Bloomer In Life. As I type this, my first book, 'SO MUCH A PART OF YOU,' a linked short story collection, is on its way out into the world, and I'm thinking about how my life will be different after its publication.  I'm curious about what readers will think. How much will they wonder
60 Celebs And Other Things Turning The Big 6-0 In 2014. This September I turn 60. As I enter The Final Third, I find myself dumbfounded about where the last 60 years have gone, and driven to take stock and sort it all out. In addition, I want to hedge my bets for the next 30. With nothing really big calling my name, I don't have much of a bucket-list. All I know is that I want to keep going and keep learning.
Meet 10 Inspiring People Over 50 Giving Back To The World. 
Enjoying The Greatest High Of My Life At Age 91. Skydiving is the best high you'll ever have or had, and there's no down side. I have to correct that statement. Driving home from San Diego to Los Angeles, no matter what time it is -- not exactly a high. The next day after skydive, I'm walking 10 ft. off the ground and my energy is at an all-time high.
Two Affordable, Turn-Key Retirement Options In Europe. Relocating to a place where your neighbors speak English and share many of your same life experiences and objectives at this stage can ease the transition and make the whole proposition of retiring abroad far less intimidating.
When Your Mother Makes You The Enemy. I'm going through scribbled notes and old emails I'd crammed into a file. They're a journal of sorts, spontaneous scenes written on the backs of envelopes, emails I sent and the ones I didn't.
5 Types Of Annoying People To Avoid At All Costs. Sometimes, I just don't get people. I mean, we all share the same planet and that alone means we need to be aware of overlapping into the personal space of others, right? So with that in mind, I would like to call out a few folks who, to my way of thinking, broke some planet rules.
Successful Aging. Some people associate pride with doing something great or unusual, with something that distinguishes them from people who have lived ordinary lives. But we don't have to be extraordinary to take pride in our past.
The Surprising Thing A Nurse Told Me To Drink For My Health. In the mid-eighties the company I worked for decided they wanted to keep their employees in tip-top condition. With that in mind they built a fitness center right in our building. There were treadmills and free-weights all designed to keep us from dropping dead at our desks. The only caveat was that in order to join the fitness center you had to be fit; each employee had to pass a physical.
Meet 10 People Who Prove You Can Reinvent Your Career After 50. 
Help! I'm a Digital Immigrant!. Yes, it's true. It turns out there's a name for those of us who were born before computers became an integral part of daily life. Your grandchildren? They're digital natives. They were born understanding the finer points of tablets and smart phones.
8 Great Cities Every American Should Visit. Where are you headed this summer? We've collected a few highlights from our favorite American destinations to help get you started.
Forever Four-Eyed. I'm a librarian. A reader. I identify as a four-eyed person. I've always worn glasses. I got my first pair in the second grade. It was a miracle! The blurry world I'd inhabited all my life suddenly came into focus.
The 10 Healthiest Things You Can Do In Bed. 
Coming Full Circle. I leave to go to South Korea in a few days. Not on vacation, I'm going for my 11th tour entertaining the troops with Armed Forces Entertainment. I had been approached many times by them to go on tour but chose to wait till my son was 18. That was four years ago. I didn't want to stop mothering so I decided to mother the US military.
What Your Hands Can Reveal About Your Health. 
What's Your Boomer EQ?  Part 2. 
Health. Under telemedicine, people can access doctors on a Web cam or through a video conference on their phones. The private insurance industry is moving to provide patients access to medical care 24/7 without an appointment with Skype-like technology that lets patients visit virtually with medical staff.
How A Fabulous Billy Joel Concert Brought Out My Most Intimate Fantasies. Billy Joel never gets old. Seriously. His music, his persona (so cool, so witty, so charming on stage), his legacy, his body of work, the way he takes command the minute he walks out on stage -- taking his audience with him on a nostalgic musical journey that keeps on giving long after he makes his exit -- is proof that artists who have real talent will endure for decades.
Mirror, Mirror, Why Are You So Mean?. I catch my reflection in a store window and laugh. Gravity does what gravity does. But I'm still happier now than I ever have been. I'm sorry my younger self didn't know how to celebrate what she had when she had it! But I do now!
3 Easy Ways To Laugh More Every Day. To every comedian who has ever given us hours of fun and laughter, I say a sincere thank you.  You have given us a great gift, one that may add years to our lives.
The Secret To Healing Your Troubled Mother-Daughter Relationship. I discovered the prevalence of midlife women still chained to the shadow of a toxic mother. When that woman spends years pecking at, rather than building her daughter's sense of security in the world, psychic scars result.
40 Words Of Wisdom Every Parent Needs To Give Their Child. I wanted to give my eldest a different birthday present this year and seeing that 'words' are what I do best, I chose to pass on some wisdom that I've learned over the years. Who knows whether they'll be listened to! Would I have listened to my parents at 24?
3 Simple Practices That Will Help Make You Job Candidate #1. How would you like to be viewed as the #1 Candidate for the job? Think it's impossible once you've hit fifty or older? Think again!
The Major Life Lesson I Learned In Rwanda. Why did the hippo cross the road? On a rutted, dusty track through Akagera National Park in northeastern Rwanda, the answer to this question raised more than the aberrant mid-morning snacking habits of a wandering hippo. For me, it revealed the delicate balance between expectations and limitations, and learning to trust a grander sense of timing.
8 Health Symptoms You Should Never Ignore. 
6 Key Ways Italians Are Nothing Like Americans. The other day I was stopped on the Ponte Grazie by an Italian couple looking for directions to Piazza Michelangelo. It's always a moment of smug pride when I am mistaken for Italian, and it's always short lived! As soon as I started to speak, make eye contact and gesture, they knew. I am not one of them.
5 Healthy Treats You Don't Have To Feel Guilty About. 
5 Things You Say That Make Retired People Mad. 
Over-The-Counter ED Drugs Considered. When you get older, things don't always work perfectly. Usually they work fine, but taking one of these pills is sort of like a tune-up for an old car that still runs but could use a tune-up. Nothing to be embarrassed about. You're just an old car. A classic car.
Technology Gives me a Headache. I miss my Underwood typewriter. The only time I worried about it crashing was when it sat too close to the edge of my desk.
Shoes. Have you looked down lately? What is that you're wearing?
The Precious Moments in Life That Have Touched My Soul Most. I admit that I am easily annoyed, which makes me sound hypocritical when I talk about soul stuff. People can chew their gum too loudly in a meeting and I want to throw them down a well. The person who repeatedly says 'Anyhoo' makes me want to do bodily harm. But, when it comes to the depths of the soul, I believe in us.
My Big Milestone Birthday With Beyonc\u00e9. Beyonc\u00e9 and I share a birthday. On September 4, one of us will be 50 years old. By reading that sentence out loud, it marks the first time I acknowledge what I've been silently obsessing about for the better part of a year. I'm\u00a0actually\u00a0turning 50. In countless ways, that fact seems impossible to me.
Why I Want To Remain Twitter Illiterate. I must confess I have hit my limit with technology. While finishing 'The Circle' by Dave Eggers on my Nook, I updated my Facebook fan page linked to important stuff. Then I sent out a Constant Contact newsletter asking people to 'like,' forward, subscribe to, and read my blog. Next I tried to fix my blog to make it more likable. Ok, not easy, but so far I'm getting it.
The 15 Long Celebrity Marriages We Admire Most. 
Howard Stern Seduced My Mother. If I've learned anything while thinking I've learned a lot, it's never underestimate your mother.
6 Fun Date Ideas Women And Men Will Both Love. 
Over My Empty Nest? Who Am I Kidding. It's just that people aren't replaceable. When they are gone, there is nothing that can fill the space that their particular energy or personality's absence has left empty. That's what makes relationships so special. We are all unique. We matter. No one else can fill that space. And if it's your child?
A True Story. We hoped this was a temporary protest, but it lasted for the two years she lived there. I called the town manager to see what could be done. \I know it's awful to look at and I'd sure hate to be her neighbor, but this is New Hampshire. Live Free or Die.\
Ergonomic Tools That Can Ease Gardening Pains. There's no doubt that gardening can be tough on an aging body. Garden work often requires a lot of repetitive stooping, squatting, kneeling, gripping and lifting, which can lead to back and knee pain, carpal tunnel syndrome and various other injuries.
The Complicated Sex Life Of Baby Boomers. 
Paul McCartney Talks Retirement. 
Wendy Williams On Regrets, Turning 50 And The Celebrity She's Sick Of Hearing About. Wendy Williams is the real deal. And she's turning 50. If you need your Wendy fix and you're wondering what she's really like off the air, you've come to the right place.
Top 20 Dating Tips For Finding Love Again After 50. 1. Put in writing what type of relationship you hope to find -- both short term and long term.
7 Surprising Things That Cause Wrinkles. 
Fear Running Short Of Cash In Retirement? What To Do. 
The Very Best Anti-Aging Skin Strategy. Yesterday morning, I woke up ridiculously late, like 10 am, feeling like a prizefighter who had taken in the full 15 rounds. It felt great to sleep in -- 'this must be what the kids feel like -- late nights -- deep long sleeps -- delish.' Splashing refreshing cold water on my face -- I looked up and I caught a glimpse of -- someone else?
Countdown to the First Anniversary of My Husband's Death. 
Seeking Times Gone By With That Rocky Mountain High. \Y'know, Agent Carter, I just happened to have heard by chance that the sale of marijuana is now legal in Colorado.'' \Yes, that's true.\  ''I was wondering... you guys have any kind of Honorary Citizen Program?\
5 Reasons Retiring Abroad Doesn't Always Work. Moving abroad to a place with better weather, a lower cost of living, and decent health care sounds like a no-brainer. It's a wonderful option for anyone looking to improve their current lifestyle and spend less money to do it -- especially for retirees on a limited budget.
Why Boomers Need A Refresher Course In Safe Sex. Educational campaigns have been aimed at the young and as a result 20 and 30-somethings know the rules
7 Ways To Find Your Long-Lost Self. Living in the shadows is somewhere many of us women have spent our lives. Many of us got used to introducing ourselves as so-and-so's mother or wife. Somewhere along the line we lost our identity as it merged with the family or the husband's.
The Best Gift My Grandson Ever Gave Me. When one of my 17 grandchildren was born with a rare undiagnosed neurological disease, my priorities changed. My passion was not politics, but helping my handicapped grandson Braeden, now 7-years-old... Like all grandparents would say, all their grandchildren are the light of their lives, but a handicapped child is a pure delight.
Why Change Sucks Even When You're Middle Age. Change is difficult. For some reason I thought being in my fifties meant that a change in life would no longer cause me to grieve. Instead, I would sit, Yoda-like, and spout wisdom such as 'Do or do not, there is no try.' Didn't happen.
What Would You Do If You Only Had Hours To Live?. My husband and I were in Seattle recently visiting our son and daughter-in-law. My son was debating whether or not to take a position he had been offered at a large increase in salary. We were discussing it and he made the statement, 'But I don't know how many lunches I have left.'
What's The Biggest Mistake Young Women Make? You May Be Surprised!. If you are in your 20s or 30s, I can guarantee that, when you are in your 60s, you will look back and think 'How on Earth could I have been so stupid?' No, I'm not talking about your decision to get back together with what's-his-name or your tattoo.
Why Can't Anyone Stop The Onslaught Of Scam Phone Calls?. The voice message left on our home phone sounded very convincing. Authoritative and with a hint of menace, the caller said that the IRS Crime Investigations Unit was about to file charges for tax evasion against us -- but if we called them back right away and could explain a few things to the caller, perhaps our imminent prosecution could be averted. But only if we called him back right away.
An Octogenarian's Adventures In Online Dating. That's really scary, I said to Heather, my 46-year-old trainer. I don't want to do this. Heather insisted, it was not about a new set of exercises that she was promoting, it was for me to get online on a dating site.
8 Things Middle-Aged Women Think About Far More Than Whether They're Still F*ckable by Middle-Aged Men. We think about our friends and how much we love them. If we have children, we care about getting them grown. We care about our parents and how they are aging. We wonder about our partners. If they will live as long as we do. Women don't worry about being f*ckable.
Sexting After 50. 
Do You Trust Yourself? The Jelly Beans of Life. Baby boomers... do you trust yourself? Do you trust your instincts? If you made a life altering decision today do you honestly believe you would be successful? That's a very tough question isn't it?
He Promised He'd Shave His Beard For Grandma's 100th Birthday. 
Selling to the Grays. In other words, we are predictable and we are dependable. In the world of advertising, we are either a big yawn or a big question mark.
This Simple Test Could Detect The Onset Of Alzheimer's. 
Why I'd Give Anything For My Grown-Up Kids To Be Babies Again. For the past few months, I have been going through this horrible, embarrassing midlife \thing\ where I love babies. LOVE them. And because the stars are aligned or life is really cruel my Facebook and Instagram feeds seem to be overflowing with wee little ones who are sleeping, learning to walk, just born or maybe celebrating a first birthday.
Tastes Great, Keeps You Healthy. If you're looking for any excuse to indulge in chocolate without feeling post-pleasure guilt
Being A Grandparent. 
5 Money Moves Every Boomer Couple Should Consider. 
What We Learned Living In 20 Different Homes In 3 Years. Imagine learning to cook in 20 different kitchens, operate 20 different washing machines and TVs, find the 20 best bus stops, subway stations, ferries or taxi stands, all without speaking the native language!
How This 'Chicana' Writer Is Breaking The Mold When It Comes To Strong Women. In college, Ana Castillo's plan had been to teach art in high school, but she veered from that more conventional path to become a self-taught poet and then a self-taught everything else literary, now with two New York Times Notable Books of the Year to her credit. Today, she is called one of the most powerful voices in contemporary Chicana literature.
Celebrating The Creator Of Calvin And Hobbes -- And A World-Class Introvert -- On His Birthday. Bill Watterson isn't just the creator of the world's best comic strip. According to the book \Looking for Calvin and Hobbes,\ a biography of the elusive and reclusive cartoonist, Watterson is also a  world-class introvert.
4 Valuable Life Skills Only A Grandpa Can Teach. 
Why It's So Important To Pause And Take A Breath Together On The Fourth Of July. Independence Day. Ideals. Parades and fireworks. Big ideas counterpointed against ceremony and celebration. On July 4, I suspend my worries about our country. I dive into nostalgia, grateful for immersion in traditions free of cynicism, free of the complexity of close analysis.
How To Start Kickin' A** After 50. In spite of the running I do, I could see my strength dwindling over the years. And, I was tired all the time. By my late 50s, I didn't \bounce back\ when I got sick and it took a long time for injuries to heal. Suddenly, I had my mother's arms. Now, she was a beautiful woman, but I don't need 76-year-old arms.
3 Interview Pitfalls We All Fall For. You have been called in for a job interview... You've studied the position description and have created several examples highlighting ways you've made a positive impact using the skills required in the posting. You've also prepared focused responses that feature your knowledge of the company. Yet there are three basic interview questions that can really trip you up.
7 Steps To A Healthier Summer BBQ. 
Over. 
'Finding Yourself' in Need of a Therapist During Menopause. Caring for parents and kids while simultaneously chasing a paycheck wears you down.  Stir in a few menopausal hormones and you can easily find yourself overwhelmed, stressed and depressed.
Senior Identity Theft Is On The Rise. In the past, people in their 20's have reported the most identity theft complaints to the FTC. However, in the past three years, there has been a shift from 20-somethings to people ages 50 and older.
THIS Is What Retired Expats Do All Day. When you retire abroad, you're in a different country and culture -- meeting new friends -- and you finally have time to do all the things you've looked forward to doing. Now from a distance, that can seem an almost intimidating prospect. But it's also an invigorating one.
Path To Enlightenment. 
The Fountain of Youth Springs from Within. The secret to exuberance at a certain age, is recapturing the feeling we enjoyed when we were 8, 10 and 13 years old, knowing that now we're emotionally stronger, wiser and smarter.
Class Reunion. 
How I Decide Who To Root For During The World Cup. I won't pretend I'm a true soccer fan, but I love the World Cup. It has to do with country versus country, and how much it means to the players and fans of those countries. Having been fortunate enough to have visited several foreign countries, my method of choosing who to root for is quite simple.
The Little-Known Aging Illness That Needs More Awareness. When the legendary radio personality Casey Kasem died, his obituary said he'd suffered from Lewy Body disease. 'Lewy-what?' most people wondered. But I knew first-hand, watching my mother decline from this little-known, but most common, type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer's.
Why You Should Think Twice Before Using The Word 'Bully'. I think the word bullying is overused in general -- with both adults and minors. We see the word being used inappropriately or out of context in many cases today... I think society has co-opted this term, which is sad, because it is actually weakening it and people are not taking it serious as they should.
Why I Am An AARP Poster Child. I am a member of the Baby Boomer generation, a group of too many born at the same moment, caught in a game of musical chairs where there were simply not enough places at our chosen tables. Like so many other men and woman of my generation, necessity forced me into flexibility.
Smart Ways To Beat The Stress Of Alzheimer's Caregiving. Bethany's mother has Alzheimer's and Bethany is the primary caregiver. In fact she's the only caregiver. She's on duty 24/7 and, after three years in this role she often feels physically and mentally exhausted. If only she had some time to herself. She used to love photography but hasn't had time for that since before her mother got sick.
Age-Defying Makeup Tips For Women Over 50. Since I'm trying to age gracefully I was eager to read Andrea's 'beauty tips, tricks and truths' for women 50 plus. The guide is overflowing with practical information for boomer girls.
Surviving Challenges After 50. A few years ago I had an accident while on my horse, Marc, that resulted in a fractured femur in six places; I was unable to move and had to be transported in an ambulance.
5 Ways To Live As Long As The Royals. 
What I Learned About Love Watching My Mother Go On Her First Date In 51 Years. I don't think any marriage or relationship is perfect. I think I learned this watching my parents alternate between arguing with great passion and heat -- and in the very same breath bearing witness to that same intensity spill over into their love for one another.
Yes, A Happy Marriage Really Does Lead To A Healthy Heart. 
For Women In Midlife, Career Gains Slip Away. 
Hillary Clinton's New Image. 
Is This Washington Post Ad Ageist?. The Washington Post has removed the portion of its online job advertisement for a social media editor that listed among its job requirements the 'ability to explain to those twice your age what Reddit or Snapchat or Whisper or Fark is.' Many thought the ad was ageist.
THIS Is What Happens When The Child Becomes The Parent. Peggy Scott just returned home from a lovely jaunt through Italy and Greece with her college daughter, Abigail. Abby was finishing up a semester abroad and her Mom joined her over there. Peggy's Facebook feed was filled with photos. It was a trip where Abby, having spent the semester abroad and with a newly acquired knowledge of all things European, took the lead.
11 Hottest Classic Actors That Can Never Be Replaced. 
How To Explore Your Sexual Fantasies In Middle Age. Even as a teen, I found myself gravitating towards older, professional, rather bossy men -- and them to me. The thought of being a high-class hooker excited me, then horrified me the next moment. I was educated, I was a feminist, I was a social progressive
4 Retirement Fears And Their Antidotes. 
9 Reasons Meryl Streep Will Always Be Our Leading Lady. 
5 Scientifically-Backed Ways To Lose Those Last 5 Pounds. 
Want To Watch Your Entire Life Pass By In An Instant? Just Do This. They say that when you are dying your entire life passes before your eyes in just an instant. There is another way to experience that sensation, of your entire life passing so quickly before you, one that leaves you in a much less permanent state of death. You want to watch your entire life pass before you in an instant? Just have kids.
2030. 
Empty Nest Syndrome Isn't Just For Moms. 
The Major Rookie Mistake I Made Caring For My Car. I was driving home from the grocery store when I smelled something funny. I thought maybe something was burning. The gauges on the dashboard were clear, the car was not overheating or malfunctioning. Still, there was a smell. Was it tar?
This Woman Celebrated Her 77th Birthday In The Fiercest Way Possible. 
Lessons About Love I Learned From People With Alzheimer's. People with Alzheimer's have taught me a lot about love over the years. I learned that they may remember past love and also experience love in the present -- even if they don't talk anymore and even during the last days of their lives.
The Lessons My Father Taught Me. My father's valuable wisdom is with me every day and has left a lasting imprint in my mind. I honor my father not only around Father's Day, but every day.
Miffed by the Prospect of Menopause. I am not menopausal, nor have I gone through menopause, so I obviously don't know what is in store for me, but if the experience of those nearest and dearest to me is any indication, it is unlikely to be a fun fest.
My Father Was Billy the Kid. ey called him \Billy the Kid.\ He was a fighter, but never hit me once. However, when I did something wild (which was often) he'd say, \Don't start anything; I've got at least one good fight left in me!\
The \R\ Word. What's my third act, as we like to say in the theater? Every good play, every good life, needs a good third act.
My How The Heart Aches When You Downsize. We're getting ready to move from the home we built twenty-one years ago. It's time to downsize, time to begin a new path by stepping forward into the next chapter of our lives. I'm having a hard time with this.
WATCH. 
I Was My Father's Daughter After All. Because of our dad's lightning-quick reflexes, my sister and I nicknamed him \Cowboy Cohen.\ Though his oversized Chevy Bel Air wasn't very nimble, he drove it like it was a bronco pony. No matter the weather, he was the rodeo rider, the riskttaker, the free spirit.
10 Tips To Survive Being Suddenly Single After 50. You know the phrase, \fight or flight?\ When you're about to walk into a party alone, forget the fight, let's just go with flight. You want to hide. You're terrified. Your gut flips over the dread of what to say when people ask how you're doing.
When Your Happiness Comes At The Cost Of Someone Else's. Love is a fragile thing. Making it last is even more so. Why it persists in the face of so many challenges and dies when it should not is a mystery that no one will ever understand, yet alone solve. What matters is the sincere and authentic pursuit of what seems like the right thing to do in each moment, and the willingness to take responsibility for the outcome.
The Father's Day Card I Wish I Could Send. I have become a memory hoarder, but I wish I could remember more things to thank you for on Father's Day.
All The Reasons We Love Courteney Cox On Her 50th Birthday. The former Friends star Courteney Cox is the second of her Central Perk cohorts to hit the big five-oh, after co-star Lisa Kudrow, but she's doing it in some style.
Treading the Line Between Good Intentions and Abuse. June 15th is National Elder Abuse Awareness Day. Although elder abuse is a painful topic -- one we'd all prefer not to read about or discuss -- prevention requires awareness, so here goes.
Shrugging Off a Lifetime of Sexual Shame. My overt sexuality became a lightning rod at home. It induced more tears from my mother and more shame for me. I was not a teenager who fell easily into a long, \going steady\ relationship model.
The Strange Experience That Caused Me To Get Off Match.com. He winked, then he made me 'one of his favorites,' as Match.com dutifully reported to me. Then he wrote an email. Thus bombarded, I read his profile. A self-described 'non-religious Cantor.' Hmmm...not bad. My age, similar backgrounds, tall, wiry, quite handsome if he actually looks like his photo. And quite well-expressed. Why not reply!
The Amazing Things That Happened When I Started Yoga At 85. Yoga is a way of giving back. The gift of life. Your body is a temple and if you give in, you will find universality. Yoga clears the mind and energizes the body and one is at peace with oneself and the universe. Yoga gives me a reason to wake up every day. Each day is a creative and positive day, when I'm practicing yoga.
Celebratory Travels. Looking back on my life, I realize I have been lucky to have taken a number of memorable celebratory trips.
What My Father Built. This is my third Father's Day without him. Yet, in my world, his presence is bigger than ever.
What It Was Like To Talk About The Empty Nest On 'Katie'. Three years ago when I started blogging about the empty nest I had no idea what I was doing. I had given up on finding a job after a year of searching, and wanted to start writing -- something I'd always loved to do. I never imagined the people, opportunities and experiences my blog would bring into my life.
THIS Is How To Turn Up The Heat On Your Sex Life After 50. There comes a moment in every potentially romantic relationship when you either strip off and take the plunge or you pass, and let the opportunity go by. The longer the dry spell you've been through, the harder it is to get wet.
Expert Beauty Advice For Women Over 50. 
Love Advice From A Couple Married 75 Years. 
WHAT I SEE. 
Why You Should Hold Your Head And Your Hemlines High After 50. On the one hand, it's nice to get attention from younger men, or really, any men at all, at this age. And I know, you're probably thinking, \Who the hell cares what men think?\, or \Why should we need male attention to validate our attractiveness or sexuality?\ We shouldn't.
The Life Lesson We Can All Take From The Fresh-Faced High School Grads. Need inspiration? Take a page from the young high school graduates and it will remind you of something we all need more of - a degree if innocence, optimism, belief and adventure... We, as adults, have lost sight of the wonder, the hopefulness, the vision and the world of opportunity that we once looked through the lenses of when we were younger.
Freedom. 
3 Key Things That Will Transform Your Resume Into A Winner. As a mature job-seeker, you are well aware that your resume has to be top notch. Not only does it need to make a dynamic first impression, it must also distinguish you from the competition and present your skills and experience in such a way that you are viewed as the ideal candidate for the job.
Never Too Old to Rock and Roll. When my son called me via cell phone from California a few years ago to tell me he had gotten us concert tickets, we had a little Abbott and Costello moment.
5 Midlife Habits You Can't Afford To Put Off Another Day. 
How To Find Peace On Father's Day When Dad Is No Longer Around. Father's Day, 2001. A day that did not start out well. A day on which I had never felt more or completely alone. You see, by the time Father's Day 2001 arrived, I had been widowed for all of five months. As if that were not enough, my own father died two weeks prior to Father's Day.
Appreciating The Faces of Love. Some months ago, Oprah had author, visionary and cultural mid-wife Jean Houston on her TV show. \What do you wish people knew?\ Oprah asked Jean. \I wish people knew how powerful love is,\ Jean answered.
THIS Is How to Transform Your Relationship With Your Daughter. There's no time like the present to begin transforming your relationship with your daughter. Communication is the key and we're laying the foundation today for a more fulfilling tomorrow. It's easy to accomplish and a great way to kick off the summer.
11 Phrases From The 60s That Mean Something Very Different Now. I can't exactly say that I'd like to go back and relive the era of the 60s. Then again, right now I'm experiencing a different kind of 60s, and between the two I'll take the first one -- cannabis-stained knuckles, fingers, and hands -- hands-down!
Love Letters From WWII. Not until finding the box of three hundred or more letters written by my dad, as a young soldier, to my mom, his new bride. As I read through them, something truly magical happened again. That young couple who met on the beach came alive for me.
WATCH. 
7 Steps to Charting Your New Retirement Workscape. Retirement as our parents experienced it is being retired... As tens of millions of us now ponder whether and how we might work as well as play in retirement -- for the money and/or the stimulation -- it can be helpful to follow the lead of the trailblazers who are already shaping this new retirement workscape.
How Retirement In The U.S. Stacks Up Against The Rest Of The World. 
How To Make The Next 20 Years Better Than The Last. I am not delusional about the effects of aging, but I am also aware that strength and vitality can come from places other than a healthy body and a young mind. I am aware that as I age, my two greatest assets become perspective and creativity. And I am aware that as I have aged, those assets have, if anything, become noticeably stronger.
5 Ways Being Older Helps You Cope At Cocktail Parties. 
D-Day Reflections From A Soldier. The story you are about to read was found in my father's files. I heard him tell snippets of this story, but here it is from start to finish... unedited.
5 Weight Loss Habits That Are Making You Gain Weight. I've been around the dieting block a couple of times myself. OK, more than a couple. Right now, I'm in that unenviable spot of having no clothes that fit comfortably while I'm in a stare-down contest with summer. Who's going to blink first
7 Things You Should Never Ever Do For Your Older Kids. Although it's not always easy to walk away when your doe-eyed child is pleading with you to do something for him or her, helicopter parenting is just not a good thing. You may not want to see your kid fail. But adversity is part of life and the only way to teach our children coping skills is to make them do things for themselves.
How I Won A Coveted Role In The Oscar-Nominated 'Nebraska' In My 70s. I am proud to say that in my seventies I was a part of an Oscar nominated film, and all because I never gave up on my dreams. Even when the odds were against me, I kept going. It just goes to show that at any age, if you put your mind to something, you can accomplish anything.
The Father's Day Gift That Keeps on Giving. Forget the silk tie this Father's Day (unless we're talking a Fifty Shades type of celebration!). Instead, start taking care of yourself. But don't stop there. Make it an ongoing priority.
Why It's Important to Learn the Difference Between Self-Esteem and Self-Acceptance. Self-esteem can be a lifelong pursuit. We may feel unworthy, and can't see ourselves as having great value while we try to find our place in the world.
Why You Should Mix Friendship With Pleasure. How do you politely describe your relationship with someone whose salary is considerably less than yours, with whom you go out socially, and with whom you are having killer sex? The new catchphrase for this type of relationship is \friendly benefits\ and it is beneficial for both partners.
Why I'm Thinking Twice About Babies... After 50. I forgot to have children -- what does that mean now? Sure, I've joked that I didn't want to be a motel for a fetus, or, my life began when my eggs dried up. But now, after 50, I'm thinking about babies.
7 Ridiculously Easy Ways To Protect Your Bones At Any Age. May was National Osteoporosis Month but right now is the best time to figure out how to lower your risk of breaking a bone and avoid osteoporosis down the road. The good news is it's ridiculously easy to put yourself on the right path.
Why I Came Out Of The 'Good-Girl' Closet At 50. There's an extra layer of shame to being told you're an old slut. A young woman's \sluttiness\ can be excused in part because she hasn't lived long enough to buy into social mores, and she's too hormonal to delay gratification. But an older woman who admits that she likes erotic pleasure without all the packaging? That's not just slutty, apparently, it's freakish.
The Long, Zig-Zag Road to a Student's Graduation. There, a man with a flowing long white beard directed us to a deserted hotel, but no one answered the door. Cats howled in the night. Trees creaked as if about to crash down. We beat it out of Headless Horseman Park.
It Takes Willpower to Write a Will. LBL placed the drafts on the coffee table. This is where they sat for about a month, while life continued all around them. Tiny splashes of coffee  appeared on them, as well as popcorn kernels. Every once in a while, LBL or Now Husband would say, \We should review these.\
Who's Really at Fault for the Apathy of Millenials?. We were so horrified by our own upbringing we did a 360 turn and became our kids' friends. And that's millennials in a nutshell.
Wilderness Guide. 
Why I'm Suddenly Longing To Get Inked In Midlife. Why am I even thinking about a tattoo for the first time, at the age of 53, with grown children and aging parents and memberships to three synagogues on Manhattan's Upper West Side? Why do I keep on asking myself what sign, what image, which words, what message I would want marked on my body? Is this a sign of mid-life crisis? Is it a diversion from more important matters?
10 Behaviors That Will Lead You To Mr. Right. For most women, finding the right guy after 50 can be frustrating and tiresome. As a Dating Coach, I've found the women who get out there and have fun dating have these 10 behaviors in common that I want to share with you today.
The Cleansing. 
The Attention Deficit Trap. During the early Salkin years, I often took head trips in elementary school. My mind and I escaped the institutional brick walls for a day at the beach, body surfing in aquamarine waves, lost in the opiate haze of a daydream. An adolescent problem I had thought until my seaside getaways continued through my teenage years and beyond.
The 10 Best Things About Being An Empty Nester. There was a time when I took pride in the fact that my house was one of the busiest (and noisiest) on the street. I had four children of my own, took care of five others during the after school hours, and maintained a revolving door for all the neighborhood kids to come over whenever they chose. My house was always LOUD. Music blasting, televisions blaring, giggling, squealing, and raucous games of basketball in the driveway --this was the norm.
6 Foods That Fight Pain Naturally. 
Health Insurance Options for Early Retirees. If your yearly income falls below the 400 percent poverty level, the Obamacare insurance marketplace is probably your best option for getting health coverage because of the federal tax credits they offer, which will reduce the amount you'll have to pay for a policy.
It's Baaaaack! Swimsuit Season Is Lurking Around the Corner. Like the changing of the seasons, during perimenopause and menopause, our bodies change too (and not always for the better). It's how we deal with those changes that determines how we are perceived by others.
The Dark Side Of The College Game. We are now in the meanest time of a high school senior's life. A few weeks ago they had to commit to a college and by now, word has trickled out about who is going where, who got in where, and more importantly, who didn't get to go where they wanted.
What The Contents Of Your Purse Say About You. In front of us, piled on a\u00a0highly glossed wooden table, was an assortment of keys, lipsticks, mascaras, and hand creams. There was one tube of foot cream, two\u00a0bottles of Advil, one bottle of Excedrin, and assorted\u00a0prescription drugs. There were tea bags, nail files, perfume, hair brushes, make up, one extra\u00a0large bobby pin,\u00a0a dozen\u00a0hair elastics, pens, and several bottles of hand lotion.
3 Policy Choices That Would Improve Retirement Prospects For Women. So if retirees do not monetize the roofs over their heads, what can the typical working households in the 55 - 64 age group retire on beyond Social Security?
THIS Is Why I Prefer The Bodies Of Older Women. I thank my lucky stars I've lived long enough to go nutty over older women's bodies. It's not anything I ever thought I'd go nutty over.
6 Fantastic Cities For Single Retirees. 
Aging Single. Aging single isn't the easiest challenge many people will face, but if that's you, look around and you'll find this is a good time to do it.
How Do You Measure a Grandma's Legacy?. I approached my grandmother with my desperate desire to have this doll. My grandmother always had what she called her \kinipple\ stashed away in her purse that she hid behind the living room drapes
dedication. 
Why We Pick the Partners We Do. Fisher's takeaways shake up some of our belief systems about men. My first stop from the Fisher study was to focus on personality traits to see if I picked the \right partner\ in both of my marriages. I loved what I discovered and yes, I did well with both my picks.
60 Better Alternatives To Aging Gracefully. I will accept that \grace\ sounds like a lovely word. After all, who wouldn't want to be charming and refined? The problem is that it is both inaccurate and restrictive. It is inaccurate because older women want so much more from life, as the rest of this article will show. It is restrictive, because, like the \good girl\ syndrome, it tells us how we should behave to be accepted by society. It implies that older women should slow down and gently fade into the sunset.
5 Reasons Sweden Is The Best Place In The World To Grow Old. 
My Disastrous Search for the Perfect Swimsuit. Hoisting 51-year-old size DD breasts beyond their natural boundaries and wrapping a cord attached to them around your neck is apparently not good for your spinal health.
Living to 100?. It turns out that living to 100 is a real possibility for many of us in our 70s and for half of kids now in preschool.
Contemplation. 
7 Everyday Habits For Glowing, Younger-Looking Skin. 
10 Valuable Lessons I Learned After Two Weeks With My Grandchild. Two weeks with a two-year-old and I've learned lessons that I never learned in school or from the 20 years I've spent working with families. It's easy to give advice until you find yourself in the trenches with a determined, impulsive two-year-old.
Why The Empty Nest Can Be A Very Scary Place. One of the more challenging things when your kids leave home is adapting to the quiet of an empty nest. Despite a fundamentally good marriage, there are hours...days...sometimes longer when my husband and I don't have much to say to each other. It's not that he's not interesting -- and it's certainly not that I'm not fascinating -- it's just that some days we run out of energy.
10 Things You Need To Do Before You Turn 60. 
The Lesson I Learned Only After Losing My Mother. Children never wonder why there is food on the table, or why they have coats and boots to keep their feet dry in the winter. We think a house with heat comes by magic. It isn't until adulthood, when we're parents ourselves in a dual-income family with half the children that my mother had, that we wonder in disbelief, how did she do it all and alone?
The Best Boomer Fashions For Summer. 
What If Contestants Told Pat Sajak The Truth?. Truth be known, I look forward every evening to giving my brain a well deserved rest from the mental aerobics I put it through daily. I admit it...I've been watching the same soap opera for fifty four years.
How One Simple Move Changed The Course Of An Orphan's Life In Rwanda. By the time Justus was 8, he had meandered more than 100 kilometers, ending up in the garbage dump for Kigali, the capital of Rwanda. Amid that stench was the buffet he ate from every day. His home was a stripped out, tireless car, in which he slept on and under pieces of cardboard.
Should Grandparents Be Expected To Foot The Bill For Entertaining Grandkids?. 
Why Sex After 50 Is Just As Hot As Sex At Any Age. In 10 years of writing about boomer sex, dating, and relationships, date coaching, and reading thousands of readers' comments the notion that many of my generation are no longer sexual is hysterical nonsense seeking validation. An article like this is okay if it's meant to reinforce the importance of sex, but not okay when if it's meant to paint boomers as sexually dead.
The Best Remedies For Your Sleepless Nights. 
5 Common Habits That Are Costing You Big-Time. You may not realize it, but you have a lot of bad habits. OK, sorry I said that but it had to be said. All baby boomers have bad habits. I have bad habits. You can't go this long in life without having developed some imperfect patterns and impulses in your decision-making.
Experiencing An Affair And Divorce At 84. 
The Book of Us. I remember when I started the first book of us. It was 1988. I was going to be a father for the first time, and I wanted to write my son a letter. So, I wrote him a long letter six months before his arrival. But because I'm a writer by nature, my nature had more ambitious plans. I started a journal.
6 Facts About Aging. 
How Is a Family's Legacy Preserved? If There's an Ethical Will, There's a Way. An ethical will communicates beliefs, ideas and life-defining experiences which, when unwritten, often go unknown.
Coping With Haywire Hormones and a House Full of Kids. Looking forward to a stress-free summer? Good luck with that! Perimenopause and menopause is stressful enough, thank you very much. Having your kids home all summer long is stress squared.
How I Introduced My Daughter To My Father With Dementia. It is something no one would ever choose. And yet seniors by the thousands end their days like my dad. I read recently that scientists in Britain had been able to stop brain degeneration in mice. It is a major breakthrough, though it will be years before we will know if there are applications for humans.
Innovative New Programs to Combat Falls. Falls are not a rite of passage that comes with age; with a little bit of education and awareness, falls can be prevented. The trouble is finding an effective way to spread the word.
Retirement Overseas. San Miguel is a more affordable place to live than is Santa Fe. And for many years now, San Miguel has been one of the top destinations on the \retire overseas circuit.\ We lived there ourselves for a few years and we'd happily return to this enchanted place where life is slow and easy, and filled with art, music, literature, and like-minded company.
Bruised Silence. 
Why Men Aren't Meant To Have Reliable Erections Until The Day They Die. The night when impotence first crossed my mind announced my fall from grace as a man. I was 14 years old, a blissful stranger to the histrionics of the male erection. My own was something I took for granted.
What It's Like To Have Face Blindness. 'm sure this has happened to you. You run into someone you know, but she isn't where you'd expect to see her. Your yoga instructor... at the dry cleaners. A member of your book club... at the local Starbucks. Your mental wheels start to spin. 'I know her,' you're thinking. 'But... who the hell is she?'
THIS Is How To Best Prepare For A Job Interview. This is it! You've been called in for an interview with the hiring manager and you want to do your very best. Like many other aspects in life, the key to success is preparation. And one of the best ways to prepare is to thoroughly understand the hiring manager's true needs.
10 Undeniably Old-Fashioned Baby Names. 
Nephews, Nieces and a Single Uncle. Single uncles walk an undefined line in a family.  Being accepted as a bachelor (in most cases without children) is the start, but then, if he cares, comes the role the uncle carves in the family geography.
What To Tell Your Kids About Marijuana. 
'57 at 57. 1957 was 57 years ago this year, and as I move through my first Mother's Day without my mom in the world, I know my loneliness is shared by millions of motherless women and men, boomers and non-boomers alike
The One Rite Of Passage I Won't Take Part In. When it came time to teach my 16-year-old daughter to drive, the division of parental duties was a clear and obvious choice
How I Talk Dating And Swap Stories With My Newly Divorced Mom. How many daughters are able to talk about dating (and swap stories) with their single mothers? I'm happy that we have this unique opportunity to learn more about each other and to truly get to know each other in ways other mothers and daughters typically are not able to.
The Retirement Destinations Even Your Grandkids Will Love To Visit. Today with cell phones, texting, Skype and the relative ease of air travel (OK, I know the security lines are awful but I'm referring to all the flight options), living in different parts of the country than your grandchildren can work. But, if you want a few extra visits, you might want to consider being near certain locations as a bit of a draw.
6 Wise And Funny Lessons On Aging -- From Animals. 
15 Unmistakable Signs You've Reached Middle Age. Middle age is a tricky thing. Does it happen at 35 or is it 55? No one really knows for sure. In the stone age, middle age truly would have been old age. There are young people who act old. Old people who act young. Perhaps best not to judge too much. So how do you know if you're middle age?
The Language of Love. I realized that there comes a time in every woman's life when she needs to be sung to by a man with a heartbreakingly handsome voice in a language she doesn't understand. The sound of the words should drip with the dreams of her youth and the melody should hint of the promise that comes with time.
Why I Am No Longer Bound To A 'Barbie' Body Standard. Perhaps being ample sized isn't optimal, but I've come to the conclusion that it just may be who I am. I'm in the process of doing an, 'I love myself' experiment.
Chinese For Lunch. 
What It's Like To Be Suddenly Poor And Homeless At 70. I'm a new demographic... what I call, 'suddenly poor'... people who have had money and because of some unforeseen circumstance are now broke. Many are homeless and most are seniors. I'm on Social Security, Medicare and food stamps, which makes me a Socialist I guess. But it wasn't always like this. I used to be rich.
Mother's Day Carved a Hole in My Heart. This year, I didn't dread Mother's Day, because I found an antidote to the deep sorrow it used to trigger within me. I hope by sharing my story that I can help others find peace -- and even joy -- after the loss of a child.
The Meanest Thing Your Kid Could Ever Say To You. It seemed like an ordinary night. There were no harbingers of doom -- a murder of black crows on the telephone wires outside, a vanity mirror broken jaggedly down its center. No, all was as it usually was.
My Reel Dad. Until cancer got the better of him five years ago, my dad's evening ritual was a good meal with my mom, a glass of wine and a movie, the two of them cuddled together on the couch like a couple of dreamy teenagers.
5 Ways We Wish We Were More Like Our Boomer Parents. 
7 Things Every Grandparent Needs For Their New Grandchild. 
Why We Should Care About Changes In The Pharmaceutical Industry. The pharmaceutical sector is still struggling to find an operating model that will work in the 21st century. The shocking news of GlaxoSmithKline's sale of its cancer-drug business to Novartis -- and the many recent huge deals like it -- are the most recent evidence.
LOOK. 
How Aging Turns Out To Be The Best Thing For You. My body has always felt old. So getting older didn't bother me a bit. Until I got cancer. Then, I worried that it might not happen. That I might not get any older.
These Vintage Ads Prove We Had No Idea What The Future Would Actually Look Like. 
Why Dads May Now Feel Even More Work-Life Conflict Than Moms. The notion of 'Having it All' has been with us since the early days of the women's movement. It was maddening to us at Ms. magazine to see how the empowering-sounding phrase was used against us by the individuals and institutions that had a vested interest in the status quo.
Yoga Can Ease Perimenopause Symptoms. Perimenopause doesn't only play games with your body; it messes up your moods. There may be days when you feel like you're surrounded by the most gorgeous shoes on earth, but you can't find your size.
It Took Me 49 Years to Truly Understand My Mom. While my mother and I didn't actually share the last three decades, now I know what it means to work at a marriage, to be a working mom and to watch my children struggle and blossom.
Hopefully, Open to the New. Those of us who are over 50 have seen a lot. Anyone remember party lines? Elvis concerts? Typewriters with carbon paper? Yup, we've seen a lot! I know some people think things were better \back then.\ But were they?
Going on Single. What once may have sounded undesirable or even pitiable is now commonplace and not exceptional -- and not just in big cities.
Bedtime Chores. First, I have to take my pills
The Single Thought That Haunts Me Every Mother's Day. Mother's Day is here, and once again, I fall short. No cards in the mail. No calendars ordered from Shutterfly that feature carefully chosen photos of the grandchildren. No gifts en route. Just me, my guilty inaction, and a single thought that haunts me every year
Why Nothing Can Ever Replace An Old Friendship. I was surprised that our friendship had meant so much -- that she must have sensed early on that I was no candidate for marriage -- that our romance was temporary and chaste, and it would be no more than a nice interlude until she met the guy who was a candidate for marriage. With many intervening decades and changes in her life, I thought those days as undergraduates were mostly erased. It was wonderful to find the friendship not forgotten.
8 Things You Need To Know Before You Travel Abroad. If you've read some of the articles we've written about retiring overseas, you know that we wholeheartedly recommend that you spend as much time as possible in a particular destination to be sure it suits you. You may find your ideal spot... or you may not. And that's okay, too.
The Best Thing You Could Put In Your Coffee (Not Cream). You are not going to be cooking for yourself on Mother's Day. You are not going to be making restaurant reservations either. You're going to let the people who made you a mother take care of that. You are, however, going to make yourself one hell of a cup of coffee because any day that calls for celebration also calls for a little liquid pick-me-up.
'Conscious Uncoupling Is Wimping Out' And 14 Other Life Lessons. I've learned a few life lessons along the way. Signal when making a turn. Secure the lid on the blender before turning the dial to pur\u00e9e. Don't put your iPhone in your back pocket. Never eat an Oreo before a dental appointment.
10 Lessons We Learned From Diane Keaton's New Book. 
9 Brands With Sexy Spokesmodels Over 50. 
9 Surprising Lessons We've Learned About Aging Now That We're Over 50. 
Why Groupon Makes Gift-Giving Something Of A Joke. Some people think Mother's Day has become too commercial, and there are always those cranks around still harping on the US lagging behind other developed countries in providing high quality early child care, don't get them started on paid maternal leave or unequal pay for women.  Not me
8 Things I'm Glad My Mother Never Taught Me. My mom was a homemaker, devoted to her husband and family, and like many women of her generation she didn't work outside the home. She took child raising very seriously (I have two siblings) and adored her grandkids. But there were a few things she forgot to teach me.
9 Gorgeous Celebrities Who Just Keep Getting Better With Age. 
A Mother's Day Gift Idea for New Empty Nest Husbands. It is at this very moment in your marriage -- the transition into New Empty Nesters; kids just out of the house -- that you need to re-consider Mother's Day's meaning for the hardworking woman you have lived with.
The One Thing The Internet Has Made A Whole Lot Worse. Lots of professions have fallen to the sword of technology. I, for one, would vote to restore travel agents to their former place in the food chain. Travel agents may stand alone in things the Internet didn't improve.
Why It's Taken Months To Pick Out Bedding For My Kid's Dorm Room. So. Your kid got into a college. Or maybe a few colleges. And the decision has been made. You think you can sit back and relax now because that year of stress and arguments, all those months of waiting, they're all behind you, right? Um, not so fast.
Saying Goodbye To My College-Bound Daughter. This is for all the parents out there whose child is going to college for the first time this fall...
How To Be A Better Daughter -- And Why It's Important. Last week, I saw an elderly woman strolling along, holding hands with a 50-something woman, when I heard the younger of the two refer to her companion as 'Mom'. It made me well with tears.
Why I Didn't Feel Like A 'Real' Mother Until My Kids Hit Middle School. Disclaimer
Study Finds Perceived Age Discrimination Worse For Health Than Perceived Racism And Sexism. 
The One Crazy Activity That Will Bond Your Teens For Life. Years ago, my husband introduced our kids to the concept of watching a few select movies over and over and over again. Having been raised at the altar of productivity, I saw this activity as a colossal waste of time, bordering on sinful.
6 Surprising Things I Learned From A Visit To The ER. I have a friend whose husband says she suffers from IDS... Instant Death Syndrome. In other words, she's a hypochondriac.
7 Reasons Why Introverts Are Morally Superior. 
Why There's Absolutely Nothing Wrong With Celibacy. Despite the societal thrust to make sure we are all having a rip-roaring sex life, sex and emotional well-being can be uncoupled -- they are not necessarily linked, as the cultural imperative would have us believe. Simply, the culture reveres sex and orgasms as if these two \gods\ must be worshipped. What about the celebration of celibacy as an equally healthy option? I'd love to see sex therapy include celibacy on the menu of choices for a couple instead of diagnosing a non-sexually active couple as needing a remedy.
The Surprising Way Horses Can Help Ease Alzheimer's Symptoms. 
5 Ways To Make Your Retirement Not Suck. 
5 Signs I Need to Get the Heck Out of My Comfort Zone. Do I want to live the rest of my life in a comfort zone so safe it's becoming a coffin? Here are five signs that tell me I need to get the heck out of my comfort zone.
Report Ranks Best, Worst States For Retirement. 
5 Things Driving Me Crazy Now That I'm 60. It has been said that with age comes wisdom, but that is not always the case. Some people are shortchanged, and they get only the age part. My history and 60 years have helped me gain a touch of wisdom and maybe even a bit of profundity. I have decided that being around for the past six decades gives me license to point out stupidity, craziness, and injustice.
The Most Exciting Way To Retire -- And How To Afford It. 
The Foods That Will Help You Age Better. 
How To Recognize The Early Signs Of Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's is, above all, an insidious disease. Its symptoms typically begin so mildly and progress so slowly that it's easy to deny them until one day there may be a 'defining incident;' an incident so bizarre, so far out, so outlandish that not even the spouse, child or other loved one can ignore it.
10 Reasons You Should Never Step Foot In A Shopping Mall. There are many reasons to avoid a shopping mall. Here are just 10 of them.
How To Age In The Era Of 'Erectile Dysfunction'. Nearly all the commercials I see on television seem directed at my demographic, the graying baby-boomers. I see ads for motorized scooters, miracle canes, adult diapers, constipation cures. Have you heard about the aging Deadhead who needed a Clapper to light his Lava Lamp?
5 Marvelous Mother's Day Gifts With A Message. 
The Dirtiest Word You Can Hear In Corporate America. Reorg
What's Enough in the Land of Everything?. After more than a dozen years living abroad, the U.S. seems pretty exotic to us now. And we aren't kidding.
7 Things That Would Make Life So Much Easier. Life, overall, is pretty sweet. Aging turns out not to be the demon I feared. Largely, I'm happy and healthy and know how to throw the car in reverse for those times when I'm not. But on a recent nasty commute home, I thought of 7 things that would so sincerely improve life for midlifers (at least this midlifer.)
Working In An Office Is Making You Age Faster. Here's Proof.. 
Why I've Decided To Remain Single. Statistics point to single people filling more of the population today than ever, so many that I wrote a book about a dozen of them.
The Clothing Item I Can't Live Without. I'm not the health-chick who can order a three-leaf salad for lunch and be too full to pack in another bite. I'm the one who reaches for the dessert menu as soon as her stretch jeans hit the cushioned seat of the booth and orders her entr\u00e9e by saying, 'Whatever goes with the 'Death by Chocolate'.'
The Missing Ingredient That Makes Online Dating A Disaster. Everyone I know who has been seduced out of desperation to join Mis-Match. com, Plenty of Dead Fish, or OhNoCupid has experienced similar heartaches. My last few hook-ups have been neither total disasters nor long-lasting. I decided to throw in the towel and admit online dating is not for me.
Why 'Getting Over It' Is A Myth You Should Ignore. I had been widowed just over a year and well into my own Healing Journey when my mother gave me some very wise advice (which I both follow and dole out to this day). She told me to stop and look back at how far I had progressed since that awful season in time when my husband passed away. When I actually took the time to stop and examine how far I had progressed to that point (and have progressed since that time many years ago), I started worrying less about being \over it\ and started appreciating the healing that I had accomplished instead.
Hillary For President 2016, Not Hillary For Grandma. Mitt Romney was surrounded by grandkids during his presidential run and no one ever ventured the question, let alone the thought, that he might not be a good grandfather or was not involved enough in their lives. But 66, for a woman in the political arena (and other arenas as well), is a different story. Unlike a man, a woman's \shelf-life\ seems to be limited when she is described, even in her 60s, as a grandmother.
5 Reasons Retirees Need Vacations Too. 
4 Things You Can Fix About Your Aging Body. 
The One Way To Turn Retirement Worries Into Retirement Adventures. Why are big numbers of Americans pushing back their planned retirement dates? The Employee Benefit Research Institute in its annual Retirement Confidence Survey says the reason can be summed up in three words
5 Things We Still Love About Lucy. 
Music, Beer and Summer, or Why Craft Beer Fests Are My New Rock Concerts. I always drank beer at concerts, albeit bland domestic beer. Now, delicious craft beer is the main event, and there's usually good music too.
A Reflection on Aging Inspired by 'Portlandia' and the Monkees. When I look in a mirror, I see a 57-year-old woman but I also see myself at 16 and 40. It wasn't until today that I came face to face with the reality of aging. It happened innocently enough.
5 Things You Should Never Say To A Grandparent. 
11 Classic Hollywood Kisses That Will Send Shivers Down Your Spine. 
The 5 Most Annoying Trends We Want To Go Away. Trends and fads come and go -- some so fast that you may even miss them. Here are five things we hope will end soon:
Don't Wash, Don't Tell. Then Bob took a baby wipe from a nearby container, lifted Butch's tail, and briskly wiped his butt. \We always do this too,\ he said.
Are You a Handywoman? Take This Test and See!. As I was reading Not Your Mother's Book on Home Improvement, a new collection of light-hearted essays by (primarily) middle-aged female do-it-yourselfers, it became abundantly clear to me that, unlike the women who tell their stories here, I am not a do-it-yourselfer. How about you?
Diane Keaton On The Art Of Being Yourself. 
5 Things You Should Stop Saying When You Hit 60. 
8 Ingredients For Job Search Success. Anyone conducting a job search today knows that you'll need to be as visible as possible--both through your personal network and your online presence. Close to 100% of employers and recruiters are now turning to sites liked LinkedIn and Facebook to source candidates, check out their skills and vet them as to their suitability for the job.
6 Habits That Are Draining Your Wallet. 
5 Reasons I Love Working With Much-Younger Colleagues. I am almost 40 years older than most of the women in my office and that suits me just fine. In fact, I actually like it -- a lot. Aside from the occasional thermostat war (I'm always hot; they are always freezing), we do better than just 'get along.' Working with colleagues who are younger has helped me stay young in many ways:
I'm 53 With Virtually No Retirement Savings -- And I'm Okay With That. I'm 53 and have virtually no retirement savings. According to popular wisdom, I am destined to spend my golden years in a box under the nearest railway trestle.
7 Back Pain Myths Busted. 
The 5 Best Apps That Will Help You Lose Weight. 
Why So Many Older Unemployed Workers Can't Find A Job. He remembers the exact date -- November 30, 2008. That is when Hue Galloway of New Britain, Connecticut was laid off with just a week's notice from his job repairing printers and computers throughout the state. His annual evaluations, he said, had been good -- 30 years of experience and 'never a bad review,' but that didn't keep him from being let go without any real explanation.
Why Easter Is The Worst Time For Menopause. It's spring and everything's blooming except me. To make matters worse, wherever I look, I see eggs
Middle-aged and Invisible at Coachella. I accept that Coachella has become one of those rites of passage for millennials and far be it from me to deny my child that... but along the way I had my own rite of passage.
How A Dinner Party Changed My Outlook On Aging. We were invited to a small dinner party -- a birthday celebration a friend of ours decided to throw for himself. Actually, it was a friend of my husband's. I knew no one. Yet I relished the chance to meet new and interesting people. I also looked forward to the splendid meal Zagat's promised we would enjoy. In my usual pre-party jitters, I worried about what to wear.
What Kind Of Inheritance Do You Really Owe Your Kids?. 
Eight Factors To Consider When Choosing Your Overseas Retirement Destination. If you're thinking about moving overseas and you want to find the place that's right for you, we'd recommend you have a list of your wants and needs. Don't settle for any place that doesn't match up.
4 Stunning Spring Dresses For Boomer Women. Entering my closet to look for evening wear is not a joyful experience, which is too bad because I love to dress up. It's not that I don't own dress up clothes. It's just that my 'collection' was curated over the last few decades. It's not the quantity or even the quality of offerings; it's the timeliness factor. My stuff looks dated.
