Dallas Throws a Texas-size Wine and Food Party. Texas never does anything small.
We Tasted The New Fruit Punch Oreos, So You Don't Have To. Why are they doing this to us?
Yes, The Chia Seeds You Eat Are The Same Ones That Grow On Chia Pets. It's a little disturbing.
Farm to Fork Across America. Tom's benevolence doesn't stop at his kitchen door. He spreads his good fortune throughout the city on a daily basis.
The Whiskey Sour. The true sour is a study in simplicity -- of whiskey, sugar, and citrus.
The Best Regional Food Destinations in the U.S.. Although driving across the country can be a daunting task, at least there is a host of different and equally delicious regional eats to make a road trip truly memorable and tasty.
4/20 Easter Treats Give 'Sugar High' A Whole New Meaning. Something seems unholy about 4/20 falling on Easter. Mostly, this.
How to Make Kale Smoothies You Actually Want to Drink. Here are some tips to make kale a little more palatable.
This Coffee Machine Forces You To Make Friends Before It'll Dispense Your Drink. Small talk before coffee? In other words, our worst nightmare.
There's a Dude Like This in Every Coffee Shop in America. Get familiar with the clothing & accessories that give him away.
Cooking Off the Cuff. No, this risotto doesn't taste traditionally Italian -- just delicious.
STUDY. The mall is out. Restaurants are in.
This Butter Company's Ad Is Pretty Spacey. Your kitchen will never look the same.
The Best Pizza in Vietnam. Turns out, there are lots of valid reasons to eat pizza in Vietnam.
How to Make Homemade Marshmallow Peeps. Just in time for Easter!
Werewolf in Napa. Its phases have served as a reference point for sailors, doctors, farmers, and now... wine lovers?
Everything Chunk Eats in The Goonies, From Pepsi to Pizza. I watched the film closely and counted each and every one of Chunk's culinary escapades.
You've Been Cutting Tomatoes Wrong, But This Hack Shows You To Cut Them Like A Ninja (VIDEO). You'll be face palming in no time.
An Abundance of Easter Peeps. So I've become the \Peeps Lady.\ Friends and acquaintances send me images of marshmallow bunnies and chicks dressed as bikers
Why Cilantro Tastes Like Soap, Nutmeg Is a Hallucinogenic, And Chocolate Is Toxic to Dogs. You've told us about your love/hate for cilantro before, but have you ever wondered how come cilantro tastes soapy?
Burger King Hatches Chicken Big King. The only build change is that three bun faces get a schmear of sauce, rather than two as with burgers.
7 Recipes to Cook Sunday and Eat All Week Long. It becomes too easy to justify a Seamless web order just so you have one less thing on your plate to worry about.
16 Avocado Toast Recipes That Will Instantly Upgrade Your Life. Yes, there is a way to make this perfect dish even better.
Green Eggs!? Anita Lo Makes the Dish a Delicious Reality. Using the best of spring's vegetables, Annisa's chef makes a delectable treat that is fun for all ages.
If Chicken Were Blue, Would You Still Want To Eat It?. Would you eat blue chicken, or take a bit out of green ice cream with purple toppings? Look at these photos and decide for yourself!
Sorry, Domino's Is Not Serving A Fried Chicken Pizza Crust. LIES, ALL LIES.
The Next Chipotle. There are few industries in America as glutted as the chain-restaurant market, but gluttony loves company.
9 Foods That Were The Happiest Accidents. Some of life's greatest inventions were actually accidents.
These American Meat Products Are Banned Abroad. Believe it or not, a lot more of your favorite American foods might actually be banned from being sold abroad.
Aquitaine | Bordeaux. I'd like to share our journey through France by way of wine.
You Probably Don't Want To Know What's Actually In Public School Chicken Nuggets. Turns out the chicken nuggets being served in one of the nation's largest public school districts don't contain much actual
The 25 Recipes You Need For A Delicious Easter. Every holiday should be accompanied with great food.
The Only Matzo Toffee Recipe You'll Ever Need. You'll find that with a jar of matzo toffee on the table, it disappears more quickly than you would have imagined.
Berry Coconut Frozen Yogurt. Berry Coconut Frozen Yogurt is the flirty little sundress of desserts.
6 International Beer Fests You Should Hit This Year. What can you possibly do for this year's big beercation?
Olive Oil-Thyme Bundt Cake With Candied Meyer Lemon Peels and Citrus Compote. Who doesn't love the look of a Bundt cake?
15 Different, Delicious Ways To Interpret Greek Salad. Pizza, pasta, grilled cheese... you name it.
Easter Haystack Cupcakes. If, like me, you don't think you'll have time to prepare anything for Easter this year, this recipe will save the day!
Alice Medrich's Passover Rocky Road. This chewy, crunchy, sweet, and slightly salty chocolate treat takes only 10 minutes of prep and 10 minutes in the fridge.
These Are the 16 Best Burritos in America. To celebrate this great dish, we've compiled the best burritos from sea to shining tin foil wrapper.
How to Drink Like You're Rich. Your refund will be put to good use with any of these luxe items.
Get The Dish. When it comes to cupcakes, there's nothing like Magnolia's classic vanilla cupcake. It's the treat that started the cupcake
Where to Eat in Orlando Now. Move over, Mickey, because Orlando's artisanal food scene is miles away from Walt Disney World.
This Reuben Sandwich Is Also A Pie, And It's The Best Food Mashup. It's made with a rye crust!
These Countries Banned McDonald's. No matter what the reason for refusing to allow McDonald's to set up shop, these countries (at least most of them) are still holding firm against the fast food brand for now.
Rice Bowls Make Cooking Dinner Stupid Easy (And Delicious). Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. As much as we love to cook, most
Thank You, Pittsburgh, For The Greatest Cake America Has Ever Made. Living in New York City, we have had the opportunity to eat some really good food. Between the epic chocolate chip cookies
Taco Bell Announces Next Doritos Locos Taco Flavor, Plus Bonus Menu Item. This is how Taco Bell \lives mas.\
Visiting A Restaurant? There's A Good Chance It's Googling You. Privacy is one of the defining issues of our time -- it seems like every day we uncover new breaches of our personal information
10 Royal Recipes for a Game of Thrones Feast. If there's any excuse to part with your seasonal sensibility, it's a Game of Thrones premiere.
I'll Have St. Pete With a Squeeze of Lime. Waking up to a view of gently swaying sailboats on shimmering salt water set the tone for the weekend.
The Food Blogs You Should Be Reading Right Now, According To Saveur. If you aren't familiar with these food blogs yet, stop what you're doing and get acquainted.
Repeat After Us. Call it what you want, just stop trying to trick us into thinking it's pizza.
Why Tuna's Both Cheap and Expensive, Plentiful and Very Endangered. It's hard not to love, but it's also hard to love anyone who's just eaten it.
10 Tips for Grilling the Juiciest Chicken Breasts. Call me an iconoclast, but I actually like to grill chicken breasts.
Amazing Desserts Around the World You've Never Heard Of. Whether you're a food fanatic or just have a very sweet tooth, you probably enjoy a good dessert. We're all familiar with the delights of a baked apple pie, or even more international dishes like Italian tiramisu, or Asian green-tea ice cream.
Surprising Drinking Rituals Around the World. We're no strangers to drinking -- so much so that drinking has become a ritualistic pastime.
Salted Marcona Almond and Black Sesame Brittle With Coriander. Pan-roasted coriander seeds and black sesame seeds are tossed in a luscious syrup with salted Marcona almonds, then topped with coarse sea salt before the brittle sets. As you bite into the crunchy morsels, the coriander seeds release their exotic aroma.
Pixies. How do you get the world to start rejoicing in your new fruit? When your new fruit looks and tastes a lot like familiar fruits then how do you get the world to start rejoicing?
14 Food Reasons Argentines Are Better At Life. It's so much more than barbecue.
Who Has Time for That?. It's not Marie Callender who will nourish your family to strength and wellness; it's you.
12 Ways To Make Your Chocolate Chip Cookies Even Better. There's nothing worse than ruining something so perfect.
When Julia Child Gives You Advice, Take It. Fourteen years ago, Julia Child gave me the best career advice on earth. And I was too concerned about the poison oak above my upper lip to listen.
8 Foods That Are Totally Worth the Hype. Some foods get the hype for various factors other than flavor, and other foods are just that damn good.
We're Eating Up Kate Middleton's Favorite Dessert Recipe. Kate Middleton has impeccable taste and composure. We cannot argue with her choice of men, her Jenny Packham dresses, or
Why I Hate Coffee. I used to drink coffee. All the time, actually. I drank it in high school, because pouring liquids from one container into another, and then into my body, was the most exciting thing that could happen while minding the front desk at the Y. I drank it in college because my stupid professors kept yelling at me for sleeping in class.
Drink Like The Truthiest American This Weekend By Channeling Stephen Colbert. Dust off your very best \good ol' Republican gin.\
The Best Frozen Pizzas Money Can Buy. Whether you are hard up for cash, trying to feed the kids a quick lunch, or need to feed a crowd fast, frozen pizza is always there to save the day. But which frozen pizza, if you are going to serve it, is worth the buy?
DIY In-N-Out Animal-Style Fries. Not only are these fries ridiculously good, but you feel like you just ordered something that only a privileged few actually know exists.
10 Parve Passover Desserts. Passover means lots of rules
9 Ways to Make Matzo Not Suck This Passover. Passover is fast approaching (April 14-22), which means eight whole days of nonstop matzo eating. Because the typical matzo-with-jam combo can get a bit dull after it becomes your breakfast, lunch and dinner, here are nine bread-less ideas that won't leave you running bread-crazed to every bakery in town.
How Zoodles And Spirals Will Change The Way You Eat Veggies. Meet your new favorite kitchen tool.
Why Toothpicks Are the Best Cake Testers. Forget those metal things sold as \cake testers.\
Sriracha, Sapporo and 17 Other Food Brand Names You're Probably Mispronouncing. Is it Sa-POE-roe or SA-poe-roe? Don't even get us started on Sriracha and Nutella (betcha didn't know you were probably saying those wrong too).
7 Reasons Maple Syrup Is Good for Something Other Than Pancakes. The nectar of the dessert Gods packs a solid amount of nutrients that can benefit you in the long run.
This $100 Gilded Grilled Cheese Might Actually Be Worth It. This is not the grilled cheese of your youth. Unless, perhaps, you were born into royalty. Want to read more from HuffPost
What to Eat, According to Your Horoscope. So, what does your star sign say about your eating habits?
17 Reasons You Should Eat Chocolate Every Day. In case you needed another excuse to eat chocolate, we've got 17 for you.
The 27 Types of People Who Attend Potlucks. There's an entire middle ground of makers and moochers.
The Most Pretentious Food Terms Of All Time. Warning
Wendy's, Jack in the Box Ready 'Spring Chickens'. These are just some of a wave of new items heading for restaurant menus in the traditional post-Lent refresher phase.
Passover Rolls. Once you get into a groove with music blaring and your hands full of matzo meal dough, it's easy to keep going.
The Alphabet Sandwich Features Every Ingredient From A To Z. Do you realize how difficult it is to find a food that starts with the letter X?
12 Beers Brewed With Meat, Donuts, and Other Crazy Ingredients. You might have expanded your drinking palate beyond Crazy Stallion since you finished college.
3 Tips for Better Food Photography. You don't need to be a professional photographer (or have professional equipment) to make that love in the kitchen look like magic in a photo.
8 Lunches to Make With Leftover Roast Chicken. Roast chicken is an end unto itself -- but it's also a means to your next lunch.
The World's Most Iconic Sandwiches. There's a lot you can do with two slices of bread and a handful of fillings.
Jello Shots and Rum Drops. Alcohol is not just for glasses anymore and these two spots are leading the creative pack.
Perfect Stuffed Clams. Stuffed clams are a classic, but they have to be done right to truly hit the spot. You need that combination of juicy brine from the clam, vegetable richness from the stuffing and crisp bread crumbs on top. It's an easy dish that home cooks can shine with.
Food Labels Have Gotten Out Of Control, And Now Shopping Is A Stressor. We're so hungry.
Cooking Off the Cuff. The sauce could hardly have been easier to make, and it begins with a pretty commonplace preparation.
Why You Should Drink Cheap Whiskey. Some of the cheapest, biggest-production whiskeys are actually some of the best.
These Everyday Foods Aren't What You Think They Are. You think you know, but you have no idea.
You Won't Believe How Hard It Is To Find Peanut Butter In These Countries. These countries don't know what they're missing.
Try These Nut Butter Combos Straight From the Spoon Now, Thank Us Later. I mean, creamy, rich goodness that provides healthy fats and protein to boot? What could be better than that, right?
How to Do Expensive Juice Cleanses at Home (for Less Money). Adding raw juice to your diet is a good way to consume more essential vitamins and acclimate yourself to a healthier diet.
Chicago's 'Revenge Shot' Has Never Been More Popular -- Are You Man Enough To Try It?. \ It's an affront to your masculinity in a bottle.\
Family Seder. This chocolate treat became a family tradition on the very first taste.
Brighten Your Brunch Without the Fuss. It's time to wake up -- we need to talk crust!
Infusions of Grandeur. We would never suggest you build a still and distill spirits in your own backyard. That would be very much illegal (though we wouldn't snitch if you did).
9 Ways to Score a Table at a Booked Restaurant Without a Reservation. We reveal every loophole that a normal person can exploit to beat the seating system.
How to Make Perfect Brown Rice. This technique yields a bowl of fluffy brown rice with just the right amount of chew, ready to give curries and stir-fries and braises a place to rest their heads.
The AROMAFORK\u2122 Will Make Your Food Taste Better. Seriously.. This could change everything.
Pan-seared Parmesan Crusted Chicken Alfredo Recipe. It's super easy and is a great change from the traditional pasta and sauce.
A Chocolate Recipe for Each Passover Day. Nibs, pieces of cocoa bean, are the least processed form of chocolate available and perhaps the most healthful.
Why You Should Never Buy Minced Garlic In A Jar Again. It's just not worth it guys.
America's Ten Best Cities for BBQ. Anything that is marinated and slow-cooked for anywhere between three to 14 hours has got to be an art.
Toffee Crunch Mocha Cake. This impressive mocha toffee crunch cake is easy to make and will surely be the star of your holiday dessert table.
Make And Freeze. Feel like you're always on the go but don't want to compromise good food for convenience? Get out your trusty muffin tin
How to Juice Without a Juicer. Jump on the juicing bandwagon -- no fancy equipment needed.
GourmetFest Brings Champagne Wishes and Caviar Dreams to Carmel. Can you ever have too much caviar?
Striking Photos Of What Your Bird Looks Like Before You Eat It. Whether it's a turkey sandwich or turkey on the Thanksgiving table, roast chicken for dinner or chicken wings at your Super
The 10 Best Beers You've Probably Never Heard Of. Get out of your beer rut.
My Easter Lamb. I think a quick \livened-up\ sauce from the pan drippings is best and keeps close to tradition.
One Great Passover (and Gluten-free) Cake Two Ways. I was determined to create a cake that one-ups the old-fashioned, traditional Passover sponge cake.
New Ben and Jerry's Core Ice Cream Review. Another champion feat is that the core is smooth, gooey and soft. It's not hard, even though it's frozen like a lot of other
The True Origins of 13 Classic American Foods. Their stories deserve to be told.
$5 Worth of Food Around the World. While it's no struggle to find expensive restaurants the world over, finding a great, delicious deal is often much harder.
Why Is Bacon Called Bacon? and Other Favorite Food Name Origins. From bacon to bread, the name of every single food in existence also got its start somewhere. We rounded up 10 of the most essential foods around, did some digging and tracked down where their names came from.
Surprising Ways Countries Eat Avocados Around the World. You'll be pleasantly surprised by the versatility of the avocado.
Gluten Free and Still Glorious. Once upon a time, if you needed to stay gluten-free, your choice in flours for baking treats was limited to say the least. But times have changed, and definitely for the better in this regard.
Why Dive Bars Are The Best Bars. That old-school juke box definitely doesn't have an Internet connection.
11 Unreal Foods You Can Get At MLB Ballparks, From Mega Sundaes To Monster Corn Dogs. We're not sure whether to laugh or cry.
19 Recipes That Actually Use Mayonnaise The Right Way. Mayonnaise is misunderstood. Let us show you the way.
5 Surprising Things You Didn't Know About American Chinese Food. None of these are actual dishes eaten in China.
Free Cone Day 2014. FREE Ben & Jerry's for everyone!
Your Cheese Might Be Covered In Mites, And That's A Good Thing. Teeny, tiny spiders are the biggest cheese lovers.
How to Make an Incredible Burger, According to 6 Meat-Masters. Spoiler alert
How to Make Alcoholic Ginger Beer From Scratch. My version of ginger beer is like the unfiltered, uncensored, hardcore stuff, but with a teensy little bonus
A 3D Food Printer? Not in Moto's Kitchen. It's great to rattle the durable-goods manufacturing economy. But food and durable goods are quite different when it comes
9 People Who Will Throw A Wrench In Your Dinner Party. Only the best eaters allowed.
Friday Doesn't Care How Old You Are, So Drink Like Betty White This Weekend. We all aspire to be more like Betty White.
Slow Cooker. Celebrating St. Patrick's Day starts with a steaming dish of corned beef and cabbage. Watch Chef Cheryl Dent prepare the
A Secret Ingredient That Makes Chicken Exciting. Foodies claim they never order chicken at restaurants and the most kid-friendly version of this mealtime staple is the processed
In Season. Rhubarb
Overcooked Meat? Try This Trick. Every kitchen has it's own dirty little secrets. Maybe it's the five-second rule. Or the sniff test once something's past
Tal Ronnen. It's a great-looking spot filled with great-looking people, but what is most remarkable is the plant-based cuisine.
The Food Hall Revolution. Forget what you know about the food court; there's a new definition on the rise.
12 Cocktails to Drink Before You Die. Set those biases aside and start working through this cocktail checklist.
Bye-Bye Zucchini, Hello Chocolate! Chocolate-Zucchini Bread Recipe. What makes zucchini bread better? You know it, the answer is chocolate.
Herbed Chicken Thighs Roasted in a Paper Bag. Who isn't ready for herbs?
The Best Simple Flavor Combinations When Cooking at Home. When preparing foodstuff, you can create wonderful meals by playing up contrasts.
VIDEO. We caught up with our favorite chefs (old and new) to find out what places they are finding particularly inspiring lately.
These Are the 21 Best Nachos in America. To make nachos great, there's gotta be something more than just loads of guacamole or tons of jalape\u00f1os.
Sourdough Starter. You might say Robert Jordan is the keeper of the flame by preserving the family's sourdough starter for so many years.
Yemanja. Just try a Vampira -- tequila, tomato, and some secrets even Bloody Mary wants to know -- and see if you ever want to go home again.
5 Foods You Didn't Know Were Fruits. You may want to brush up on your scientific definitions of what makes a fruit a fruit.
Calling All Cat Lovers, This Is Your Cake. Be prepared to have your cat-loving heart melted.
Casu Marzu (aka Maggot Cheese). Why would you want flies to lay eggs in your cheese?
Popcorn With Rosemary Butter and Parmesan. Let's just say this
Monsanto. Monsanto is cozying up to the reputation, authenticity and wholesomeness of family farmers -- and hoping the all-American nostalgia many associate with the small scale farmer rubs off on them.
Is It Okay to Eat Roadkill?. What do you think? Would you ever eat roadkill?
Yotam Ottolenghi Thinks You're Skipping A Key Step When You Cook Vegetables. Grilled vegetables aren't just for sad vegetarians at summer barbecues.
Top 10 Pizza Restaurants in the U.S.. While pizza is known as an Italian specialty, Americans are passionate when it comes to their pie.
How to Cook in a Microwave. How to Make Quiche in the Microwave \Baking several quiches at once can be time-consuming, but not with the microwave. Twelve
This Is The World's Best Cake, According To Norway (And Sweet Paul). This cake was awarded the title of Norway\u2019s National Cake a few years back.
Where Do Boneless, Skinless Chicken Breasts Come From?. We felt it was our duty to seek out the source.
You Could Get a DUI From Spiked Ice Cream. The latest alcohol-related crackdown by Louisiana lawmakers regulates selling boozy ice cream.
10  Spring Juices To Make Right Now. Polar vortex be damned\u2014spring has finally sprung. To celebrate warmer weather on the horizon, we rounded up the prettiest
What's It Like to Eat the World's Hottest Chili Pepper?. It took me 21.85 seconds to consume three Carolina Reapers, the world's hottest chilis.
Cooking Off the Cuff. It's amazing how inspiring leftover spuds can be, don't you think?
'Try The World' Delivers Exotic Delicacies Right To Your Door. The next best thing to galavanting the world shoveling macarons into our mouths.
1 Jar of Capers, 5 Dinners. There are tales of lore which mention the glory of these buds dating back to biblical times.
'Always Full' Starbucks Mugs Are The Meanest Morning Prank. Optimism has no business showing its face in the a.m.
Nobody Would Eat These Foods If We Called Them By Their Honest Names. Now we know why the name \foie gras\ stuck.
'Hipsters Love Coffee' Video Is Alarmingly Accurate. Hipsters and coffee are a match made in heaven.
The Trick To Keeping Herbs Fresh. There's nothing sadder in a kitchen than wilted herbs. Admittedly, we all get a little too enthusiastic when we see dark
Santa Barbara's Happy Place for Bordeaux Varieties. I predict you will be hearing a lot more about Happy Canyon wines in the coming years.
These Breakfast Tacos Are Better Than Yours (RECIPES). Cereal doesn't stand a chance against this breakfast option.
The Only Time You Should Wear Pie On Your Head. For the sake of haute couture, of course.
Family Seder Recipe. The Seder plate is all about spring greens, so why not eat some?
Food & Wine Announces 'Best New Chefs,' Only 2 Out Of 12 Are Women. And the winners are...
Our Boston Terrier, Panda, Demonstrates How to Make Amazing Spaghetti Carbonara (VIDEO). Grab your bacon, your eggs, your cheese, your pasta -- and your favorite pup -- and watch now!
This Is What Your Meat Eats. When you bite into a juicy hamburger or a lovely steak, it's easy to forget that piece of meat was once a living, breathing
15 Food Instagram Accounts You Should Be Following. You can never have enough pictures of cake.
Cauliflower 'Steaks' Are Everywhere. But Why Are We Calling Them That?. What's the deal with cauliflower steaks?
The Top 50 Craft Breweries In America, According To The Brewers Association. Did your favorite make the list?
The Second-Smallest U.S. State Is The Worst At Tipping. And the second smallest is the worst.
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. Polenta is one of those hearty comforts -- warm, soft, and so buttery -- that even us non-Italians love.
Your New Favorite Granola Recipe. This wholesome granola recipe will be your new go-to.
1 Bottle of Sriracha, 5 Dinners. The beloved rooster sauce finds its way into my meals more often than not.
11 Ways To Make The Most Of Hard-Boiled Eggs. They're making recipes better.
Recipes To Ease You Into Liking Olives. There are ways to ease into the world of olives. Olive tapenade, a mixture of pur\u00e9ed or finely chopped olives, on grilled
5 Things You Didn't Know You Could Eat. There's a big difference between 'non-toxic' and 'edible.'
Summer Cocktail Recipes. Sean Diddy Combs and Ciroc have put together a new array of fun cocktails that will impress any guest.
6 Hilarious Food and Drink Product Fails. While the brand extensions we'll be taking a look at today might have made sense to some exhausted brand development executive somewhere, they certainly weren't hits with the general public.
Liven Up Dinner With Spring Ratatouille. Spring vegetables can wake up your sleepy dinnertime routine and a burst of color from a ratatouille dish is just what's
Quiz. Are you the real thing or just in it for the great eggplant?
5 Mistakes No Host Should Ever Make. These mistakes can turn a party from fun to flop in a short amount of time.
From Vampire Strippers to Zombie Safe Houses. There are some out there that take their niche bar ideas to fantastic new heights.
Drink Like A Genius God This Weekend By Channeling Your Inner Kanye. That's Kanye motherf****** West.
The Trappist Beer Pilgrimage. As I drank it in the chilling main plaza of Brussels, I was taken back by the unusual taste of any beer I had ever drank.
How to Make Dairy-Free, Vegan Coconut Ice Cream. This'll change the way you think about vegan ice cream forever.
Snacking in Paris. Am I allowed to say that I'm just about sick of macaroons?
Calling All Kids Chefs. So, if you know a talented chef between the ages of 8 to 12 who believes in healthy eating, get him or her to enter the Healthy
Pork Chops. Boneless loin chop
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. Leave it to the French to make a giant cheese and bacon hash brown sophisticated.
Starbucks Bouncer Video 'Are You On The List' Totally Nails It. This might be the future of Starbucks, so you'd better watch.
Jack Daniel's Taste Taster, Lynne Tolley, Has A Whiskey Lover's Dream Job. \My mother always took a little Jack Daniel's and rubbed it on my gums when I was teething.\
27 Reasons I Am Gluten-Free. Maybe you've seen this post
5 Untrue Snapple Facts. It's unsurprising that a few \Real Facts\ might not be completely, 100 percent accurate.
How to Make Authentic East Coast Bagels (VIDEO). Bagels are meant to be eaten almost right out of the oven.
One Skillet Spicy Ranch Chicken. Should you choose to add sour cream and stuff the entire ordeal into a tortilla mega-burrito style, I support you.
Whole Foods Is About To Start Brewing Its Own Beer. A first for the company and, perhaps, for the American supermarket industry.
17 Reasons To Love Ben & Jerry's Even More. There's something about new Core flavors...
21 Disgusting Eating Habits We Got Away With As Teenagers. If you could eat like a teenager again, would you?
Succulent Chicken Normandy. After reminiscing with my mom and sister about the Normandy Chicken recipe, I pieced together my own version. The basics included a whole chicken cut up, shallots, mushrooms and Calvados, a french apple brandy. I added apples with the mushrooms and some cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche at the end to make a creamy sauce.
Romaine Salad With Bacon, 5-Minute Eggs and Pesto Dressing. We eat. I wait for the big dessert question. It never comes.
Which States Drink The Most Wine?. Then again, it makes perfect sense.
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. A visual of a recipe can be the inspiration for it.  I saw a pie with a cookie cut-out crust, and I just knew I had to make it.
Gorgeous Gluten-Free Banana Bread. It's so incredibly good that you'll never need to try another gluten-free banana bread recipe.
8 Surprising Facts About Your Favorite Dairy Treat (Hint. There\u2019s no ignoring America's ever-growing obsession with yogurt, particularly that of the Greek variety. In just a few short
[Not] Cooking Off the Cuff. There have been plenty of new, sometimes exciting, flavors, two of which were particularly unexpected.
5 Headaches Only Whiskey Drinkers Understand. We've collected the most common -- and infuriating -- situations whiskey-lovers run into.
Think You've Been Eating Wasabi All This Time? Think Again. You've probably never eaten real wasabi.
Eggs in a Wintry Kale and Tomato Sauce. I have eggs in Purgatory. And I may still have time to invest in hot cocoa stocks.
MasterChef's Sharone Hakman's Artisan Barbeque Sauce. For MasterChef contestant and entrepreneur Sharone Hakman, the transition from finance to the culinary world was about passion. Comparing his self-taught culinary ability to that of a musician, Hakman has been comfortable in the kitchen putting together new dishes since an early age..
10 Underrated/Overlooked Types of Booze Your Bartender Wants You to Order. If you walk into a cocktail bar and ask for a Moscow Mule, it's time to order a new concoction.
New Yorkers No Longer Deprived Of Cupcake Dispensing ATM. After launching in four cities throughout the country, Sprinkles Bakery has finally opened a cupcake ATM in NYC.
Mushroom Barley Soup. Making this main-course-hearty soup requires lots of chopping, but not much in the way of culinary skills.
Red Hot Chile Cocktails. Just about every cuisine in the world, from Mexican to Italian to Thai, uses chile peppers. There's a rainbow of varieties out there that chefs utilize to the fullest, but some mixologists have been slow to embrace the full spectrum of the fiery fruits.
A Tongue-Tingling Tour Of Spicy Chinese Food In California. Prepare your glass of milk.
QUIZ. Are you the life of the party or a total buzz kill?
$12 Burger Anchors New McSwiss Menu. TV advertising boasts it has everything a burger should
Stephanie Izard's Shortcut To A Jaw-Dropping Dinner Party Entree. I always thought salt-baking sounded difficult and time-intensive. Turns out it's not!
23 Food Things Only People Who've Lived In Austin Would Understand. Few things can warm an Austinite's heart like the smell of smoked meat or the sound of a can of beer opening on the Greenbelt.
Starbucks vs. Dunkin'. Not too surprisingly, Dunkin' Donuts is New England's coffee chain of choice -- Bostonians' love for Dunkies will never, ever
What Your Favorite Pizza Topping Says About You. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. How you choose to play the pizza
What to Pair With Chocolate. A lot of people talk about pairing wine with food. But what about chocolate pairings? Are there foods that would make chocolate
Bibimbap With Crispy Tofu and Quinoa. Shine up your dancin' shoes because this vegetarian Bibimbap has a beat, and we're swingin'.
5 Famous Coca-Cola Myths That You've Probably Heard. Have you heard that Coca-Cola spelled backwards is actually a secret anti-Muslim message written in Arabic?
Taco Bell Crunchwrap Bed Sheets Will Prevent You From Getting Laid... Ever. They just took \breakfast in bed\ one step too far.
It's About Time You Knew Exactly Where Vanilla Comes From. It turns out that vanilla is anything but boring.
Reduce, Reuse, Revive! How This Kombucha Company Is Changing the Bottling Industry. No one can deny that it's supremely healthy. And when it's brewed right, it can be really delicious.
Two Trattorias in Midtown Manhattan Show off the Italian Art of \Dolce Far Niente\. Today, even high-end Italian restaurants serve the now exalted pies.
15 Stupidly Simple Cooking Tips From Famous Chefs and the CIA. Read on to learn the importance of salt, acid, and cleaning up after your damn self.
Gillian Georges. Determined to eventually open her own restaurant (maybe with a rustic Italian flare) and run her own bar program, there's no stopping this bartender on the rise, even in a male-dominated business.
Manhattan Will Get Its First Dairy Queen This Spring. FINALLY.
The Surprisingly Beautiful Origin Of Saffron. This is why it's so expensive.
Stepping Into Spring. Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).
The 6 Biggest Mistakes People Make When Cooking Salmon. One day, when we were hanging out in the test kitchen, we realized
Top 10 Sports Bars in the U.S.. They offer quality food, beer and spirits as well as a top sports-watching environment.
Italian Easter Pie | Pizza Rustica. Certain things just shouldn't be made low-calorie and a Pizza Rustica is definitely one of them.
Ferran Adria Loves Coffee Even More Than You Do. Luckily for coffee lovers, he is doing more than just drinking it.
A New Kind of Vegan Chili + How to Make Vegan Cheese at Home. Want to recreate the texture of classic chili, without the meat? Here's how.
The Farmers' Market Cookbook. Like all bright vegetables, winter squash is packed with vitamin A, second only to carrots.
This Bloody Mary Is Bonkers, And Comes Topped With Roast Chicken And A Brownie. Get your belly ready (and head to Canada).
Hack Shake Shack's ShackBurger. It might seem crazy, but burger fans regularly wait in hour-plus lines for a taste of Shake Shack's ShackBurger. Why? Because
5 Types of Bacon Not Made From Pigs. One of the most popular foods in existence, cured and smoked pork belly seems to be everywhere you turn. But there are plenty of other varieties of bacon out there, made from other animals as well as vegetable-based proteins and even one fruit that might surprise you.
5 Ways Restaurants Get You to Spend More Money. During a seemingly innocuous meal, several different attempts were made to get you to spend more money.
Top 10 Steakhouses in the U.S.. How do you like your steak? Rare and juicy? Well done and charred? Bone-in or filet?
QUIZ. From tequila to bourbon, find out where your favorite booze originated.
Mini Black and White Cookies. They are the kind of thing just asking to be made at home and enjoyed super fresh.
10 Ways To Instantly Upgrade Your Toast (RECIPES). Toast is becoming much more than just a boring breakfast.
10 Reasons The Bao Is The Best Sandwich You've Never Tried. Every single person in the world must experience these fluffy Asian sandwiches steamed with savory or sweet fillings inside.
12 Bagel And Cream Cheese Flavors That Shouldn't Exist. Get that blueberry bagel out of here!
Delicious Protein Pancakes. These protein pancakes are not the same light and fluffy buttermilk pancakes you might be used to.
Food Taboos Around the World. It is fair to say that Americans have an interesting love of food, but our relationship with it is a tumultuous one.
You're Doing It Wrong. If you want to learn how to peel a hard-boiled egg and keep it whole, watch this. If you've ever stood over your sink painstakingly
Grass Fed vs. Regular Beef. We take our burgers very seriously.
14 Things That Only Happen At Fancy Restaurants. While the world of fine dining may be slowly disappearing, certain institutions will never die. Casual might be king at the
Spring Wines Promise Hopeful Sipping. Winter weary wine lovers, ever ready for great bottles and spring flowers, will toast with joy to this first week of spring.
Want To See The Future of Espresso? Try This $10,000 Model. Slide, tap, pour. It's the new way to \make\ espresso.
Root Vegetable Hash Browns With Scallions. Serve these hash browns as a side dish, or for breakfast or brunch with poached or fried eggs -- they're most satisfying!
We'll Deal With These Blizzards Any Day (RECIPES). Because of all the ice cream. Duh.
I'm \Old World Matriarch,\ What Are You?. So what other kitchen personalities do you think I should add to my list? And which one best represents you? Cooking Show
Is Chipotle the Future of Fast Food?. Instead of offering a mountain of processed lunch meats with peaky-looking vegetables, they actually cook food.
Food Porn Alert. Think ramps, rhubarb and pea shoots.
Bizarre But Delicious Filipino Dishes That Parents Have To Trick Their Kids Into Eating. A look at some of the weird but delectable foods of the Philippines
Starbucks Will Soon Sell Booze In Thousands Of Stores. Over the next few years, however, thousands of stores will start offering bougie snacks like bacon-wrapped dates, truffle
You're Ordering Sushi All Wrong. Even if you're an experienced sushi eater, ordering can be a very intimidating process.
The World's Spiciest Dishes Worth the Heartburn. Different cultures have found ways to combine incredibly hot spices with intensely flavorful dishes that make them worth the burn.
20 Bizarre Pies From Yesteryear. Of course I've come to learn that most cultures have pies or pie equivalents. So, philosophically, what counts as pie?
A Nose for Wine at Morlet Family Vineyards. The wine aromas are less beeswax and more liquid minerals.  It's become much more complex.
6 Cocktails to Welcome Spring. Gardening, longer days and the first teases of summer weather-spring is blossoming at last, and we're ready.
The Spring Vegetables We're So Excited For. Bring it on, spring.
4 Crazy-convincing Mocktails That Taste Just Like Real Booze. Here are the secrets behind bartender Jon Harris' amazing mocktails.
Why Gin Tastes Like Christmas Trees (And More Weird Gin Facts). Read this. Then go make yourself a cocktail.
How to Make Perfect Pizza at Home. What are your strategies for a great homemade pizza?
Cooking Off the Cuff. No matter how you serve them, the vegetables will stand up to whatever else is on the plate.
Kurt Russell. Antifragile -- When you put it in terms of wine and understand what it's saying, it breaks down on every aspect of life. How
You'll Never Look At Bacon The Same Way After Seeing Photos Of A Slaughtered Pig. If you had to raise your own pig, slaughter it and disembowel it before cooking it up for dinner, would you still eat meat?
Real Photos Of Taco Bell's New Breakfast Items Are ... Different Than The Ads. Gut bombs, guys. Gut bombs.
A Twist on This Year's Wine List. After hours of cocktails, multiple glasses of huge reds, and platters of heavy food, the 2014 wine list will be set.
The 13 Worst Countries To Visit As A Vegan. Butter somehow finds its way into everything.
Food Infomercials On Reddit That Think We're Really Stupid. Without any context, these infomercials are sure to make us laugh -- and all of them definitely assume that all humans are
Restaurant's Secret Memo On How To Spot A Food Critic Spotted By Food Critic. The memo instructs servers to be alert for diners who \ask an unusual amount of questions\ regarding the food and the restaurant's
Is It Food, or Is It Foodiness?. It looks like food, it talks like food, but it's really food's alien doppleganger.
America's Best Jewish Delis. While these menu items might appear on all menus in the Jewish deli food scene -- not all delis get it right.
9 Secrets For Making Your Homemade Smoothies Taste As Good As The Pros'. But, though it doesn't make sense, you may have a hard time creating this magic in your own home. Your smoothies are either
Godiva Chocolate's Taste-Tester Is The Real-Life Willy Wonka. \I lost my personal identity. It was replaced by 'someone with access to chocolate.'\
15 Food Reasons The Spanish Are Better At Life (PHOTOS). Free food when you go out to a bar. Enough said.
Clotted Cream. Each one a percentage of fat content -- and all of them the reason we love this British cream.
Five Hot Food Trends in 2014. Which products caught my eye and taste-buds?  Though hardly exhaustive, these fads and foodstuffs stood out.
Stop Drinking the Same Wines! We Have Some Alternates. Do you find that when you order wine you often stick to the same varietals you already know and love?
Open-faced Avocado Hummus Sandwich With Pickled Shallots and Baby Spinach. Here's a sandwich that's easy to assemble, healthy and quite spunky!
21 Food Things Only San Franciscans Would Understand. If you\u2019ve ever winced at the suggestion of Chipotle to fulfill a burrito craving, been laughed at for thinking it\u2019s normal
12 Things You Didn't Know About Guinness. Stick with us, and you'll learn some truly eye-opening stuff about Guinness, just in time to get it all over yourself.
The Best Barbecue Chains in America. You can screw around with burgers or pizza, but you can't screw around with barbecue.
9 Rules for Naked Dining. Once upon a time, etiquette was important.
A History of Vegetable Metaphors, From Cool Cukes to Couch Potatoes. We started wondering what other vegetable metaphors were out there to explore and love. Here are a few of our favorites.
The World's 25 Best Condiments, Ranked. From fiery hot sauce to cooling tahini.
Italian Aperitivi and Digestivi Drinks. The Italian way of eating is about the enjoyment of quality genuine food and drink.
9 Facts About Factory Farming That Will Break Your Heart (GRAPHIC PHOTOS). On the surface, a package of small-farm, grass-fed beef may look entirely identical to a packet of generically-raised beef
Getting To The Bottom Of Baby Carrot Lies (WATCH). Put down that stumpy fraud and go get yourself a whole carrot.
The Science Of Why We Suffer Through The Pain Of Spicy Foods (WATCH). It usually means you're just tougher.
The Truth About Where Cinnamon Comes From. Give that cinnamon stick a second look and its origin may not be so surprising after all.
10 Food Trucks You Need To Visit In Austin, TX. Present year round, Austin's food trucks are the perfect way to sample a smorgasbord of treats and feed the thousands of concert goers. Below is a list of Austin's finest and the dishes you need to try:
9 Times Fast Food Butchered The Meaning Of Artisanal. It's all about the new \authentic\ bread.
Sweet Potato Quesadillas + Classic Guacamole. This menu has all of the components you need for a balanced vegetarian meal.
Miami Dining on and off the Beach. Here are some of the most enticing new restaurants in the sun-kissed city right now, both on and off the beach.
Stone Edge Farm Wins IACP's Cookbook Of The Year Award. IACP Cookbook Award Winners American The Lee Bros. Charleston Kitchen by Matt Lee & Ted Lee (Clarkson Potter) Lark \u2013 Cooking
Broiled Polenta Cakes. Today
A Beginner's Guide to the Curries of the World. We decided to dip our toe in the coconut milk-filled pool of curries worldwide and get the skinny on a few countries' notable takes.
The Quintessential Pasta Recipes You Need To Master (PHOTOS). Tried and true pasta dishes you need to master.
The Wackiest Failed Snapple Flavors. Ranked from \Kind of crazy, but it just might work!\ to \Our brains melted.\
Lunches That Pack in 5 Minutes (or Less). A shaved vegetable salad -- it holds up well, even on the second day. Try sturdy vegetables like fennel, celery, and radishes, then toss them with herbs and dressing. Then add a protein, like tinned fish.
Animals That Are Eaten Alive Around the World. Live-food connoisseurs actually believe meat tastes better if the animal is still alive.
16 Food Things Only A Bostonian Would Understand (PHOTOS). Do you know the true meaning of a \frappe?\
Why I Hate Food TV. Competitive food shows strip cooking of its best parts.
How To Choose The Perfect Beer Glass For Every Occasion (PHOTOS). Find the right glassware for your brew.
New Food Trends. One of the biggest trends popping up around the country plays on the childhood Dr. Seuss story -- green eggs and ham.
A Dash of Spring With a Touch of Reality. Can we talk Pesto? Fresh homemade pesto that makes your house smell like spring? Fresh homemade pesto that can be eaten hot or cold, served on pasta or salad or french fries or on your shoe?
16 Burgers for St. Patrick's Day. Come Monday, the corned beef will pile on and the Guinness will flow.
For A Legendary Weekend Like Neil Patrick Harris, Drink THIS. Bro five.
13 Times Potato Chips Should Go IN Your Food. Happy National Potato Chip Day!
9 Ways Floppy Bacon Ruins Everything (PHOTOS). We're the first to admit that it takes a special skill to cook perfect bacon. You have to be attentive. And you have to understand
Truly Inspiring Celebrity Weight Loss Stories. It seems that even fit actors, musicians, and starlets fall prey to the harsh lens of the tabloids and paparazzi.
14 Things You Didn't Know About Sonic. There are more than a few reasons why Sonic rules the old-school drive-in game.
How to Go Wine Tasting Without Being Annoying. I still have a few tips to keep you from being disparaged by staff in the back room next time you hit the tasting bars.
Harissa Recipes For When You Need A New Kind Of Heat. For when you need a new kind of spice.
Thin Mints vs. Samoas. Have you ever made out with someone after eating, like, seven Thin Mints? No? Me neither, but I'm going to start.
Irish Soda Bread. The result was quite pleasant, wheaty but not overwhelmingly so.
Outrageous International Fast-Food Items. We're not exactly sure why these chains feel so compelled to release such outrageously insane offering, but hey, good for them.
Trash Fish. Fueled by heightened consumer demand, the larger, more popular fish are being overfished.
My Dinner with Andre. Could it be this cabaret was breaking all the rules about modern cabaret and actually caring about the customer experience beyond the stage?
Avocado Hummus With Toasted Coriander and Avocado Oil. This version of hummus, made with ripe avocados, is the creamiest hummus ever!
Chicago-Style Deep-Dish Pizza Is Apparently NYC's New Cronut (Thank God). New Yorkers, rejoice. A better food fad is here.
Have Your Cake and Drink It Too. Ten years from now someone will say, \Remember St. Paddy's Day, 2014?\ the reply will be, \Is that the one where we had two kinds of Guinness cupcakes? Traditional and chocolate?\ \Indeed, the very one.\ And you will suddenly remember the whole day right down to what you wore, it was green.
18 DIY Cooking Hacks Alton Brown Taught Us. A look at some of the best DIY tips and tricks from Alton Brown's \Good Eats.\
Barbecue Around The World (PHOTOS). It's grilling season somewhere.
Marmalade Recipes To Honor Winter's Citrus (PHOTOS). Preserve the flavors of orange, lemon and grapefruit.
10 Kids Foods We Wish Were For Adults. Watch out kiddos, we're about to steal your snacks.
Warm up With a Hot Toddy (VIDEO). 9 Mind-Blowing Liquor Myths Debunked More from Liquor.com
8 Irish Whiskey Drinks for St. Patrick's Day. The typically smooth and incredibly drinkable whiskey is one of the most popular spirits on planet Earth right now.
In Praise of the Great Flat White. The first sip of my first Flat White was...revelatory. Deeply, deeply satisfying. Such silkiness, such balance of milk and espresso, such richness and flavor mixed together in a blend of smooth and velvety goodness. Sigh. I was hooked.
The Pop-Up Hot Dog Toaster You Never Knew You Needed (Because You Don't). (Because you don't.)
11 Food Truths We Should All Follow. Imitation = not as good.
We Made a Beer Sommelier Taste and Rank a Bunch of 40s. When in the mood to relive your golden years, there's a pretty good chance you'll reach for an equally golden beverage.
The Most Fattening Foods on Earth. What is it about fattening foods that lures us in like moths to a flame?
Ever Wonder What The Rest Of The World Is Eating For Breakfast? (VIDEO). After watching the video above, it is pretty hard to decide where your taste buds should actually live.
LA's Obsession with Deviled Eggs. Deviled eggs have such a consistent, all-American appeal and a truly retro nature.
9 Mind-Blowing Liquor Myths Debunked. We've been able to get to the bottom of nine common spirits myths and what we've found is, to be honest, quite mind-blowing.
Cactus Cupcakes Make Us Want To Move To The Desert. These may restore our faith in cupcakes forever.
10 Types Of People You Actually Want To Sit Next To At A Restaurant. The foodie will always know the best thing to order.
Taste Test. According to college students, obviously.
Ultimate Chipotle Menu Hacks. Technically, Chipotle doesn't have a \secret menu,\ but employees are encouraged to make what customers ask; just be considerate and patient with your server and don't go too crazy during peak times.
The Best, Most Useful Cookbooks Of All Time (PHOTOS). These are the books that you'll actually cook from.
10 Mugs That Make Us Hate Coffee Drinkers (PHOTOS). Mornings are hard enough. Please just keep the obnoxious mugs out of our sight.
A Visual Guide To Perfectly Beaten Egg Whites (GIFs). It's easier than you think.
King Cake Gets Weird (As If It Wasn't Already). Maybe the one time finding tiny body parts in your food is a good thing is during Mardi Gras season. As long as they're really
How To Make Snow Cream. Forget catching snowflakes on your tongue -- this winter, snow gets the foodie treatment. Before you salt and shovel freshly
Sneaky Healthy. Take the guilt out of serving macaroni and cheese by sneaking some green veggies into the mix. Adding broccoli to this kid
Slow Cooker Dinner. Slow cookers help optimize your time but did you know they also pump up flavor? Watch Chef Cheryl Dent make a family-friendly
Weird Waffle Mashups We'd Love To Try. Maybe the you-know-what-nut put food mashups on the map, but we think the turducken deserves all the credit. After all, variations
6 Breakfast Miseries (and the Hacks That Will Fix Them Forever). Like everyone else in the world, bacon is my favorite food. But cooking it has almost always been problematic.
New Whiskeys for the New Year. It's why so many top-notch bourbons, Scotches, ryes -- and everything in between -- tend to hit shelves during the colder months.
'Fancy' Foods Returning to Menus. There's a thaw underway that's not just melting ice; it's slowly melting away the fear of being too upscale and too pricey that has gripped quick-service restaurants for the past year.
Irish Whiskey Is Fit for More Than a Tot or Two on St. Paddy's Day. St. Patrick's Day should not be an excuse to knock back an \Oyrish\ whiskey or as an additive to hot coffee.
We Found the Perfect Hot Sauces to Pair With All Your Favorite Foods. If you want to add a little kick to whatever you're eating, nothing beats a couple of dabs of hot sauce.
Cherries. Apple pie may have the stronghold on Americana, but it was the cherry that lured our first president to mischief. Sweet or
McDonald's Is Testing New Breakfast Pastries. The latest edition of \fast food breakfast wars 2014.\
Pizza Hut New Zealand Releases Marmite-Stuffed Crust Pizza. We're afraid.
71 Years of Historic Pizza Milestones. Most pizzas have a history of way more than 30 minutes.
VIDEO. Most people know Tom Colicchio as the chef and owner of Craft restaurants or as the tough but lovable judge on Top Chef.
Il Cantinori in New York's Greenwich Village Still Blazing After All These Years. Il Cantinori's regulars lend the place an atmosphere that wholly fills the bill as a New York-style trattoria.
5 Diet 'Miracles' You Might Want to Avoid. The FDA often recalls these products after users experience life-threatening side effects.
'Game Of Thrones'-Inspired Beer, Fire And Blood, Coming March 31. Mmmm, fire and blood.
10 Types Of Seafood That Will Absolutely Terrify You Before It's Cooked (PHOTOS). WARNING
Craft Beer. We know you drink it, but do you really know what it is?
The Sanitary (And Cute) Way To Dry Your Silverware. In the form of a ceramic elephant.
Cumin Recipes To Spice Up Your Life (PHOTOS). Cumin, we \u2665 you.
Shredded Beef Tacos for the Slow Cooker. I made a slaw (sort of, I really I just mixed it all together) of red cabbage, tomatillo, tomato, fresh corn, cilantro and jalape\u00f1o and layered it over the shredded beef along with some shredded cheese. Then I topped it all off with avocado crema. Basically sour cream, mashed avocado and some lime juice. It was all really simple and a meal I will make again for sure very soon! Enjoy.
Dinner Tonight. Crab Mac, if you haven't had it, is a Monday kind of dish
Lentil, Avocado and Farro Salad. This little ditty is just a combination of some of my favorite flavors that are kicking around the market right now -- creamy avocado, bittersweet blood orange -- that pair perfectly with the chewy, hearty farro in a grain salad.
Calling All Foodies. Vote for your faves daily in these and other munchie superlatives including Best Food TV Show, Best Food TV Personality, Best
Meatballs Go Greek. Meatballs are a matter of international importance, with technique and ingredients revealing the lineage of your culinary
The Best Bloody Marys in America. Synonymous with the lazy Sunday brunch, the Bloody Mary is an iconic fixture of the American drinking landscape.
The 2014 Vintage in Argentina. The 2014 vintage promises to be a challenging one for wineries in Argentina. After an excellent year in 2013, the climate
9 Disgusting Things You Didn't Know You've Been Eating Your Whole Life. Some processed foods are most enjoyable when consumed under a veil of ignorance. Otto Von Bismarck, the politician who allegedly
Culinary Do's & Don'ts From \The Worst Cook in America\. Who's going to hold your hand through yet another burnt batch of crepes and tell you to keep at it until you get 'em right?
The Moscow Mule Sucks. Next time you're at the bar, try ordering a Negroni on ice or a sherry cocktail.
Wanna Drink Like A Famous Person This Weekend? Mix Up Some 'Funky Juice' Like Tina Fey.. How to make Funky Juice
Dear Baristas. I both agree and disagree with that thought. I mean, everyone complains about their jobs, even if they like their jobs; there
Bubbles Rising. An increasing number of excellent Santa Barbara area producers are trying their hand at creating delicious sparkling wines.
Your Next Go-To Meatball Recipe. Grilling sizzles the fat, endowing the meatball with a crusty exterior. (It also melts out some of the excess fat.) Toss
3 Ways to Great Chicken Stock - Easy, Lazy and Fast. Since the Accidental Locavore has been living in a cold and snowy climate (like most of us, I know), there's been a lot of
Sardinian Honey and Cheese Pastries (Seadas). Part-pastry, part-savory, it could hold its own as an entree but it's actually a surprising dessert.
11 Delicious Reasons To Tackle Pate A Choux (RECIPES). Just think of all the eclairs.
Bacon -- The Next Horizon in Wine Additives?. The new product message
14 Fast Food and Restaurant Employees Confess the One Item You Should Never Order. Yet another reason to stay the hell away from fast food.
Brazil Loves White Chocolate, Canada Not So Much. Some countries just don't like chocolate all that much. (GASP!)
The 21 New York Restaurants I'll Miss The Most When I Move To LA. After 15 years in the Tri-State Area, I'm moving to LA. Here are the restaurants I'll miss the most once I'm there. The restaurants I love the most in the world.
11 Signs Fast Food Has Completely Taken Over America. Fast food restaurants keep thinking of more outrageous ways to get you completely hooked to them.
\Worst Cook in America\ Embarks on a Culinary Mission. My culinary \handicap\ eventually became a joke among my closest friends.
18 Times A Little Lime Went A Long Way (RECIPES). You should always keep a couple of limes stocked in your kitchen.
A Definitive Ranking Of Oreo Flavors, Ranked From Awful To Awesome. From atrocious to America's favorite.
A Look At How Armies Eat Around The World (PHOTOS). You'll never guess which country has duck confit in their MREs.
VIDEO. Pinot Noir has been growing steadily in popularity, but typically California or French wines are making the initial cut. Perhaps its time to try a compromise in Oregon wines -- grown on the same latitude as Burgundy but with a new world feel, they can be the best of both worlds.
Ramen. The next best thing to a SAD lamp this time of year? A giant bowl of real ramen.
McDonald's Will Introduce Bacon Clubhouse Burger. McDonald's next week will introduce premium-price Bacon Clubhouse beef and chicken burgers in an attempt to regain its pricing equilibrium after a long spell of Dollar Menu & More budget-price promotion.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's Sandwich Is Nearly 80,000 Calories And Cooked On A Tank. Arnold Schwarzenegger is making a sandwich -- and you know the \Terminator\ star isn't going to settle for ham and Swiss
The Stories Behind What You're Drinking for Saint Patrick's Day. Saint Patrick's Day has plenty of well-known traditions, but their histories are probably unknown to most.
The Farmer's Market Cookbook. Sadly, the colonists did not eat the parsnip with the same enthusiasm, and it is still under-appreciated in America, although in Jamestown, in the early seventeenth century, the settlers made a wedding cake with parsnip flour.
We Can't Even With Martha Stewart's Sex Advice. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Martha also offered cooking
Bacon Alarm Clock Means Bacon Has Finally Conquered The Universe. The best part of waking up is bacon in your grill.
The Mac and Cheese Stuffed Bacon Weave Taco. Now, I'm never one to shy away from making foods that are as crazy as possible, but with this one I thought that I might be overdoing things a bit.
Manhattan Taste Test. There's never been a better time to be a Manhattan drinker.
Orecchiette With Cauliflower, Breadcrumbs, Pancetta and Pepitas. This is a total straight-up weeknight recipe that puts your family right where you want them to be at the dinner hour.
10 Facts That'll Make You Want Pizza Even More (VIDEO). Warning
East Harlem Tables. When friends visit NYC from out of town, we often end up taking a stroll through Manhattan's Little Italy. Although they have seen it in movies and in TV shows, they tend to have a limited sense of how and why immigrants moved between different neighborhoods over time.
WTRMLN WTR Claims To Boost Libido, Explains Why Beyonc\u00e9's Been Drinking Watermelon. I've been drinking ... watermelon.
5 Bars Where You Should Celebrate Saint Patrick's Day. Perhaps even a chorus or two of \Tommy Boy\ will be sung.
Yelp's Best 100 Places To Eat Is Wonderfully Democratic. The number one spot, for instance, belongs to Da Poke Shack on the Big Island in Hawaii. The seafood shack gets an average
Cooking Off the Cuff. There's no reason you shouldn't serve them as the potato part of a main course.
12 Foods You Should Never Order At A Diner (PHOTOS). America wouldn't be the same without diners. They are a symbol of all that is great about this country -- that we can get
How To Dice An Onion Like A Boss (GIFs). Learn how to dice like a boss.
You Can Add Secret Sauce and Fries to Any Del Taco Item Using this Code Word. Go bold!
Cronut Creator Dominique Ansel Debuts 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Milk Shots'. Cronut\u0099\u0099\u2122 inventor Dominque Ansel has done it again. In an Instagram posted earlier today, the famed pastry chef revealed
16 Messy Foods That Will Make You Look Like A Slob No Matter What. Because we know the social sacrifices that comes with eating BBQ ribs all too well.
Celebrate Mardi Gras With a Muffuletta, the Mightiest of All Sandwiches. What better way to celebrate Mardi Gras than to enjoy the mightiest of all foods that hail from the great city of New Orleans
FACT. Here are some of the worst.
The Worst People To Sit Near In A Restaurant. In an effort to fit as many people as possible into an oftentimes small space, restaurants oftentimes seat parties so close to each other that there's high potential for that one inconsiderate banquette-mate to spoil a meal for everyone.
Lizard Soup and 7 Other Cold Remedies From Around the World. These'll give you a new lease on life and a renewed sense of appreciation for geckos.
Water-To-Wine Machine Is Fact In Too Good To Be True (UPDATE). It works with the help of iPhone apps and Bluetooth connections -- thank you, technology.
Celebrity Pancake Selfies, In Honor Of Pancake Day. Happy Pancake Day!
Matt Taylor, Reuling Vineyard, and His Wines That Carry Weight Without Heaviness. Matt speaks of his background, philosophy, and his practices to make wine.
How to Make Chicken Noodle Soup Without a Recipe. The trick to making a good one, in my mind, is to create a quick, rich broth. This sets you up for a soup that's mild and throat-coating for your cold-stricken companion, but still flavorful enough to enjoy a bowl yourself.
16 Food Reasons Greeks Are Better At Life (PHOTOS). Two words
The 14 Most Disgusting Eating Habits You Developed In College. Remember that time you ate a microwavable burrito every night without fail?
A Chef and Fast Food Virgin Takes on a Big Mac. Why would I need this stuff?
Everything You Need To Know About Paczki, The Ultimate Fat Tuesday Treat (PHOTOS). Any excuse to eat doughnuts, and we're in.
Narcissa, Upon Reflection. A pierced poached farm egg poured by our server into a bowl of earthy forest mushrooms and wonderful clean chayote became a rich potage; with toast points, I'd happily eat this every day for breakfast.
16 Reasons Chocolate Is Obviously Superior To Vanilla (GIFs). It's practically science.
Laskiaispulla - Scandinavian Sweet Buns For Shrove Tuesday. Laskiaispulla are quite simply a sweet cardamom flavored bun that is filled with a raspberry or strawberry jam and topped with a delicious whipped cream.
Not All Wine Is Vegan -- Huh?. Many people are unaware that animal byproducts are used in a host of places in the food and beverage industry, often hidden in products that you might never suspect. A key area in which animal products are often unexpectedly present? Wine.
Dunkin' Donuts Eggs Benedict Sandwich Will Ruin Hollandaise Sauce For America. As if Americans weren't confused enough about Hollandaise sauce.
What Your In-N-Out Order Says About You. There are certain traits commonly associated with every order.
6 Easy Soups to Cure Your Winter Blues. If you're in need of a little winter pick-me-up (and at this point, who isn't?), an easy, soul-satisfying soup is just the ticket.
The Best Chinese Takeout in America. From a 'pie house' specializing in Frisbee-sized xian bing meat pies to a Peking duck stall.
A Guide To Every Type Of Potato You Need To Know. Everything you need to know to make the perfect potato dish.
The 11 Worst Types Of People You Get Stuck Behind In Line At The Grocery Store. We've all been there.
Top 10 Tastes. Now that I've lived in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, for the last six months, I've become extremely familiar with quite a few eateries in the 'hood.
These Are the 21 Best Food Trucks in America. Going to a restaurant can be frustrating -- you're surrounded by terrible people, you have to wait for a seat, and at the end of the night there's a 0% chance of the building driving you home.
How to Cocktail. Named for the famous Los Angeles diner, this classic bourbon cocktail is sweet and sour. Watch top San Francisco bartender Dominic Venegas mix up this classic in our video.
What to Cook in Your Pressure Cooker. Chances are you hold it at arm's length, confused and skeptical of its magical powers.
Drink Like A Famous Person By Channeling Leo DiCaprio's Bubbly Obsession. Get ready for the Oscars this Sunday.
7 Tips for a Foolproof Chili on the Grill. Chili. It's an ingredient. A dish. An iconic American favorite. And the fastest way I know to start a food fight. Especially if a Texan is present.
4 Red Carpet-Worthy Cocktails for the Oscars. With Hollywoods biggest night upon us this Sunday, it seems fitting to celebrate red carpet style. Invite some friends and neighbors over, put out some snacks, light a few candles, and mix up some star-worthy cocktails.
Oatmeal Cookies From Momofuku's Christina Tosi. Everyone thinks their grandmother makes the best cookies, but when you are Christina Tosi, the James Beard Award-winning chef from Momofuku Milk Bar, you really know what makes a great baked good.
I Still Use Cookbooks. I still use cookbooks because if a cookbook is a hand-me-down from Mom, I can tell which recipes are clunkers because she will X out the entire recipe with bold, scrawling marks if she does not like it.
All The Places I Think Girl Scout Cookies Should Be Sold. As in The Case of Why Aren't More Girl Scout Troops Setting Up Shops Outside Marijuana Dispensaries, I've got to think there are bigger, better places our Scouts should be selling their wares.
Fat Tuesday Recipes You Need To Indulge In This Year. Let the good times roll.
How The Rest Of The World Tops Their Pizza (INFOGRAPHIC). Pizza toppings around the world are stranger than we expected.
Bake the Best Macaroni and Cheese. Glenn Harris, chef of The Smith in New York City, doesn't cut back on the butter in his iconic macaroni and cheese recipe. He uses whole milk and heavy cream. And he uses four -- count 'em -- four types of cheese. He's not apologetic about it. That's because after one bite of the stuff, you'll be silenced.
20 Essential Dishes to Get You Through the Winter. It's been a long, tough winter -- here's the way to get through it.
Copycat Chick-Fil-A Sandwich Recipe (for Hungry Sundays). Follow these instructions, add your favorite condiments and you'll never suffer from the sandwich syndrome again.
Le Kale Project. At farmers' markets and shops and restaurants, kale was as absent as a rude waiter.
The Most Beautiful Way To Set A Table (VIDEO). Finally, a table setting guide that isn't boring.
The Future of Millennial Drinking Is The Box. As long as millennials continue guzzling wine, canned and tap wines are also set to explode. But the biggest wine boom will come from the box, and here's why.
21 Food Things Only A New Yorker Would Understand (PHOTOS). When you eat a street cart food dog, it's at your own risk.
Taste Test. Some grains are all the rage, but that doesn't mean they make good pasta.
It's Not All Vino Tinto. Madrid drew me in to its web easily, and it didn't take long before I was tangled into a life of tapas, vino tinto, siestas and endless utterings of \vale.\
15 Times We Didn't Hate White Chocolate (RECIPES). This pale chocolate (-ish) food can surprise you.
Portobello Mushroom Wraps With Buffalo Mozzarella, Piquillo Peppers and Piment\u00f3n Mayonnaise. Piquillos make a perfect pantry item -- livening up sauces, dips or tapas to your heart's content.
7 Glamorous Drinks for Your 2014 Oscars Party. As you watch the Academy Awards, be sure to mix up one of these seven delicious concoctions and raise a glass to all the nominees. Cheers!
Taste Test. We tried some of the strangest to find you the best.
Deadspin Ranked Some Cereals Incorrectly. Here Are The Correct Rankings.. Since this topic is of utmost importance, here is a correct ranking of cereals to rectify Marchman's grave error
5 Things You Didn't Know About the Panera Bread Chain. Not only is the 'bakery-caf\u00e9' America's favorite chain sandwich shop according to our recent poll, it's also raking in the cash.
9 Clever & Delicious Best Picture Themed Oscar Dishes, 2014 Edition. This year the Best Picture category gave me a lot of regional things to work with.
Do Americans Want Healthy Fast Food?. Are people lying when they say they want healthier options?
How to Break Down A Butternut Squash. It's time to end the struggle!
The Essential Guide to Dining Alone. At some point in the next week, month, or year, you, too, will eat out alone. It happens to all of us.
Hot Dogs Are Britain's Trendiest Food. Many of the sames themes of the burger explosion are evident in Britain's love affair with the humble hot dog.
The Best Food and Drink Bargains at Costco. Something almost ethereal happens when you walk into a Costco.
A Visual Guide to All the Important Burrito Styles. You'll never again have to wonder what style of tortilla-bomb you're sinking your teeth into.
Our Most Gut-Wrenching Drunk Food Fails. Sometimes just getting the food to our mouths is a real struggle.
Decaf Coffee Taste Test. No one deserves a bad cup of coffee, not even decaf drinkers.
10 Reasons Why We Should All Be Eating More Hummus. All hail the mighty hummus.
20 Pulled Pork Recipes, Because You Can Never Get Enough. With pulled pork mac and cheese, pizza, nachos and more.
Why Portuguese Muffins Are Seriously Underrated. Get to know a new muffin.
Smell Breakfast All Day Long With An Adorable Scented Necklace. Does anyone smell waffles? Oh, that's just our jewelry.
This Fast Food Take On Loose-Leaf Tea Will Destroy Tea Bags Forever. Move over, Teavana\u2019s $27 express tea-brewing tumblers.
Ben & Jerry's Nails It With New Core Ice Cream Flavors. Why has no one thought of this yet?
5 Ways to Eat Healthy on a Tight Budget. Growing up I was poor. I'm 28 now and I recognize my childhood taught me a lot about what is necessary and what isn't.
Kristin Davis' Spaghetti And Meatballs Recipe. Happy birthday, Kristin Davis! Rumors of a third Sex And The City movie continue to swirl, with Sarah Jessica Parker and
So Apparently, We've Been Eating Sushi All Wrong [VIDEO]. Drop those chopsticks. Step away from the sushi. And for God's sake, check yourself on the soy sauce.
The 5 Unhealthiest Hot Dunkin' Donuts Drinks. It doesn't seem fair, does it? When you buy a doughnut, you know you're getting yourself a little sweet treat -- a doughnut is just a bunch of fried, frosted dough on top, after all.
The 16 Southern Snacks You Need to Know About. From chocolate-covered cookie sandwiches to the spiciest kettle-cooked chips, these are the snacks worth traveling south for.
Don't Panic, There's A Beer And Cheese Pairing Guide (INFOGRAPHIC). These two already love each other. Here's how to make their relationship extra special.
Brew Cutlery Is Silverware For People Who Lose Every Bottle Opener They Touch. Who needs to open three beers at once? With two hands?
When to Quit Your Job to Start a Food Company. Ultimately we realized that in order to grow to the point where we were selling a LOT of sauce, we needed to first be full-time and focus all of our effort on expansion.  Okay, that's risky.
10 Facts About Food Regulation The Government Hopes You Won't Notice. Americans put a lot of faith in the government when it comes to food regulation. We trust that our meat is pathogen-free
How To Eat Crawfish Like A Veteran (VIDEO). This Fat Tuesday, try not to look like a rookie.
8 Recipe Deal Breakers. What are the deal breakers, or stallers, when it comes to recipes? Here are a few that popped into my head.
McDonald's Brings Home McBox for Dinner. McDonald's continues to refine the idea of boxed, multi-person meals overseas while it also begins to dabble with the idea in the U.S.
How to Make Roti Jala/Net Pancake. I am sure you'll prefer this foolproof method since it's simple, quick, and clean.
5 Candy Stores You Didn't Know Existed (But Certainly Should!). There are candy stores around the world that sell a variety of sugary concoctions ranging from homemade chocolate to lollipops and everything in between. The Daily Meal has compiled a list of the most unique candy stores globally that are flying under the radar.
1 Head of Celery, 5 Dinners. Go simple or go fancy -- chances are, we've got a way to use up all your celery.
LBJ, BBQ Diplomacy, and the Great BBQ That Never Happened. Barbecue has been used as a tool in American political campaigns for more than 150 years.
21 Desserts Made All The Better With Booze (RECIPES). If you've ever debated between an after-dinner drink or dessert, you've been living life all wrong. Boozy desserts are your
Our Most Regrettably Bad Food Delivery Orders Of All Time. We made terrible mistakes so you don't have to.
The 15 Most Embarrassing Words To Spell Wrong On Restaurant Menus. We know, we know, there are a lot of consonants in Fettuccine. But that's no excuse.
Hot Pocket Alternatives. Their flavor will be reminiscent of your former flame. Plus, your homemade version can't get recalled. So there's that.
Improving a Winter Classic. Top 10 Pizzas in America See more from Epicurious
The 'Mistake' That Leads to Better Brownies. Most get overcooked and crusty, but these brownies are as fudgy along the edges as they are in the center.
Celebrity Chef Portraits On Latte Foam. Michael Breach, otherwise known as baristart, paints stunningly recognizable celebrity portraits on latte foam. To amaze
Paula Deen Riding Things 2.0. And she's back in the game! Paula Deen made a boisterous public reappearance at the South Beach Wine & Food Festival this
The Science Behind Why Sriracha Tastes So Damn Good (VIDEO). It's about time we get to the bottom of this.
From Banana Muffins to Banana Pancakes. With a mild yet distinctive banana flavor, tender crumb and deliciously crisp crust, this is my go-to banana bread recipe. It's phenomenal right out of the oven, and delicious all over again when you toast it for breakfast the next day.
The Best Tips for Grilling Skirt Steak. Try these related cuts you can substitute for skirt steak should the latter be unavailable
3 Simple Steps to Boost Your Wine Pleasure. Three simple steps, often overlooked, will make your wine drinking better than ever. Choose one, two or all three. None are earth-shattering, but all will increase your pleasure.
Crazy In Love With Chocolate?. Chocolate inspires a devotional kind of love. An all-consuming kind of love. The kind of love that drives people to dip pickles
Butter So Good You'll Skip The Bread. Butter brings out the animal within. You know this if you've ever watched a toddler eat a slab of icy cold butter straight
Heat Up Valentine's Day With Chocolate Fondue. We all know chocolate fondue is decadent and romantic, making it one of the perfect Valentine's Day desserts, but you can
Kid-Friendly Sushi Is Real. Getting kids to try different foods can be a challenge. Getting kids to try sushi? Nearly impossible. If you've ever offered
Eat Your Way Out Of The Winter Doldrums. Winter takes its toll this time of year when reveling in the beauty of powdery snow and snow days is replaced by yearning
The 10 Most Ridiculous Ice Cube Trays Ever Made (PHOTOS). It's time we all have a little more fun with our ice.
These GIFs Are As Good As An Italian Grandma. It's easier than you think.
12 Ways Preserved Lemons Make Everything Taste Better (PHOTOS). You'll need a lot of salt, and a little bit of time.
15 Recipes You Are Not Using Enough Muenster Cheese In. Don't miss out on the best grilled cheese experience of your life.
Oscars Party Recipes For This Year's Academy Awards. It's a long night. Prepare appropriately.
These Are the 23 Types of Baristas. What's the worst time of day? Whenever your local coffee shop is staffed by the Condescending Coffee Snob.
Wanna Drink Like A Famous Person This Weekend? Do It As Ruthlessly As Frank Underwood.. Shake with your right hand but hold a rock with your left.
The VDay Detox. Sometimes it's our significant other that feeds our bad eating habits.
What Does Your Starbucks Order Say About You?. You've got a Starbucks standby drink, and that's perfectly okay.
Why Jack in the Box Owns Late Night. The \King of Late Night\ isn't Jimmy Kimmel, David Letterman, Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Fallon Seth Meyers or Arsenio Hall. It's Jack.
These Are the 22 Best Whiskey Bars in America. Whiskey is one of America's most beloved spirits, slightly edging out sriracha-flavored vodka.
Testing the Secret Menus at 8 Chains -- From Chipotle to Shake Shack. Which are real and which are just myth? To find out, I took to the streets. And ate. A lot.
Is Maple Water Going To Be The Next Coconut Water? (VIDEO). Oh Canada!
The Best Restaurants in America for 2014. We have always believed that good food is good food.
This Is Your Brain On Beer And Coffee (INFOGRAPHIC). A little of column A, a little of column B.
We See Your Ramen Burger And Raise You A Bulgogi Pizza. Now this is a hybrid food we actually want to eat.
Beer Bottle Dominoes, For When You Have WAY Too Many Empty Bottles (VIDEO). This is strangely captivating.
Quinoa Is Weird. Here are 10 alternative grains to fall in love with.
Raw Talent. Although Sarma is quite vocal about her animal views on social media forums, she does not want to isolate anyone interested in even just trying a raw and/or vegan diet.
Soothing A Cold Starts In Your Kitchen (VIDEO). No parent likes to watch their child suffer through a cold or the flu. And feeling helpless is not an option. Read more on
Foods That Boost Your Skin's Glow. Cold, dry days don't have to sap your skin of its natural beauty. To combat a dulled complexion, head straight to your kitchen
Pretzel Bread That's Healthy!. Pretzel Bread is a thing to be revered, not resisted.
How to Glaze a Cake With Glossy Chocolate. A glossy chocolate glaze is one of the simplest ways to dress up a cake.
Daniel Boulud's 4 Secrets To The Perfect Roast Chicken. How to make a \weeknight\ chicken taste like a $75 restaurant chicken.
This Restaurant Serves 'Milky Buns,' Warm Donuts Stuffed With Cool Ice Cream. Don't you dare call it an ice cream sandwich.
This Chocolate Cake Has A Secret Ingredient Inside. Everyone needs a new favorite cake. Here's yours.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Traditional rice dishes can hold surprises in the form of unexpected ingredients.
Princess Diana's Chef, Darren McGrady, Dishes On Her Eating Habits & How She Duped Oprah. \She was just the worst, a terrible person in the kitchen.\
10 Restaurants Parisians Won't Tell You About. Forget everything you ever thought you knew about how Parisians eat.
The Vodka Cocktail Recipes That'll Get You Through Life. There's no better way to watch the winter games.
12 Foods We Hated As Kids, But Now Adore As Adults. Fearless eaters aren't born, they're made.
13 Heartbreaking, Infuriating Ramen Fails We Wish We Never Saw. Seriously, you guys should not be allowed to make ramen anymore.
Regional Foods Actually Worth Traveling For. There are still plenty of regional specialties that are certainly worth the effort.
A Guide To Drinking. Don't know what to order? We've got you covered.
February's Nachos Of The Month. February's nachos honor our President's heritage, as well as his food weakness.
What Kind Of Coffee Drink Are You? (QUIZ). Are you a mellow cafe au lait or an intense espresso?
How To Make Tea That Tastes Like The Bottom Of Your Cereal Bowl (PHOTOS). Think you're too old and refined for sugary breakfast cereal? Think again.
10 Food Reasons Russians Are More Hardcore Than The Rest Of Us (PHOTOS). Two words
How to Roast the Perfect Chicken. White meat or dark meat, you just can't lose. Here are your strategies for a perfectly roasted chicken.
How to Transform Leftover Fast Food into Hot, Melty Waffles [VIDEO]. Warning
The Best International Fast Food Items From 10 Major Chains. We decided to round up an amazing international selection from 10 chains you know and love, mainly to make you jealous.
Brit Envisions Cargo-Container Burger Joint. British restaurateur Tom Reaney is seeking to raise \u00a330,000 (roughly $50,117) through online-funding platform Kickstarter to transform his Burger Bear pop-up burger stand into one permanently housed in two stacked used cargo containers.
Don't Go Bacon My Heart!  Low Carb Candied Bacon Dipped in Chocolate and Peanut Butter. Candied bacon that's low carb?  Wha-what?
Ballard Canyon. Next up on our tour of Santa Barbara County appellations is its newest AVA -- Ballard Canyon.
10 Things Obama Can Teach Us About Eating Ice Cream (PHOTOS). The Commander-in-Chief has some important things say about both cone consumption and how to live this American life.
11 Delicious Facts You Never Knew About Girl Scout Cookies. $700 million in revenue per year. Need we say more?
6 Things You Didn't Know About Gatorade. OK, so you probably already know the basics of the Gatorade story, but just let's recap.
Insects In Peanut Butter, And More Food Facts That We Refuse To Believe. Hawaiian pizza was invented where?!
Everything You Need to Know About Dragonfruit. Good things come from prickly plants -- like tequila, nopales, and dragonfruit.
Breaking Down the Single Best Item at Every Major Fast-Food Chain. We've pulled together our experts to choose the definitive list.
Bangers & Biscuits. For two countries that share the same language, the UK and the US can differ wildly in their vocabulary.
Are You A Food Mixologist?. Food has become super cool! We're a curious generation and we'll mix and match different ingredients to see what new concoctions we can come up with. Now whether it's acceptable to our palate is another story, but we are willing to try.
Cake GIFs That'll Make You Want To Stuff Cake In Your Face. We have GIFs to prove it.
What Your Favorite Kind Of Cookie Says About You. Are you reserved and traditional, or bold and a little sassy?
Why The Bialy Is Better Than Any Bagel You've Ever Had. Onions, bro. Onions.
Rolled Cakes. When it comes to cakes, the more layers it has, the more impressive it feels -- that's why crepe cakes always seem so special
Now You Can Eat A 10-Course Meal Designed To Pair Exclusively With Radiohead's 'Kid-A'. Finally, we have the answer to a burning question for Radiohead fans
Pizza Hut Sets Up OkCupid Profile To Win The Hearts Of Millennials. Looking for love this Valentine's Day? So is Pizza Hut.
9 Reasons You Should Feel Great About Spending Valentine's Day With A Bottle Of Wine. What human could be more attractive than a bottle of wine?
How to Make Chai-Spiced Monkey Bread. Chai-Spiced Coating Combine the warm milk, water, sugar, and active dry yeast in a small bowl. Let sit until the yeast is
A Cheater's Guide To Homemade Valentine's Day Candy (PHOTOS). This is for all you procrastinators out there.
Kale. Kale benefits your body in many ways, but the nutritional power packed into this winter veggie isn't the only reason to love kale. It's a gateway to cooking with your kids.
Copycat Red Velvet Cheesecake. When it comes to fun festive desserts, red velvet ranks pretty high on my list. There's just something that feels so special about a beautiful red, cocoa-laced cake. I've been known to top them off with these really cute homemade chocolate hearts that look fancy but are beyond easy to make.
Oversized McDonald's in Peru Lets You Relive Your Fondest Childhood Memories. Now if only they could make an adult-sized Play Place . . .
You're Doing It Wrong. Watch and learn.
Awake Chocolate Has As Much Caffeine As A Cup Of Coffee (VIDEO). Yet another vehicle to get that magical caffeine into your veins.
Blackcurrant Cocktail With Coconut Water and Burnt Lemon Peel. Here's a refreshing, colorful and absolutely mouthwatering concoction...
The Curse of the Early Bird Table. You will have the full attention of the coat check person, the bartender, host or hostess and the full front and back of house staff.
10 Sweet Ways To Say \I Love You\. The best way to say \I love you\ is with something homemade and delicious.
Valentine's Cocktails. These tasty cocktails are perfect for adding the right dose of festive flair to your Valentine's Celebration.
The Best Diner Foods To Cure A Hangover. Hang in there, buddies. We'll make it through this one with a little grease.
Where Love Lies. The chocolate shavings might seem random, but the heart/love is there if you spend the time to search for it.
The Essential Russell Stover's Valentine's Day Cheat Sheet. We can save you the heartache and pain of biting into random chocolates you don't like, thanks to our heart-shaped chocolate cheat sheet.
10 American Restaurants Where Romance Rules. Find out where Zagat thinks true romance lies.
Sick Of Winter? Stay Warm With These New Vodkas, Whiskeys, Rums & More. Here's to keeping warm the old-fashioned way!
Why Your Lunch Might Be Killing The Planet. We broke down a typical hamburger to illustrate the resources used to produce a meal that the average American eats 3 times
The Most Romantic Restaurants in America. Your wooing efforts may fall flat if half of the dinner conversation revolves around the disappointing food.
This Model's Choice Of Snack On Subway Will Surprise You (VIDEO). New York exhibitionism at its finest.
20 Pieces Of Advice Every Foodie Needs To Hear. The breakfast tastes just as good at the not-so-trendy place across the street.
Rack Of Lamb Recipes That'll Make You Look Like A Kitchen Wizard. Just about the easiest way there is to look like a total boss in the kitchen.
We Found Out What BBQ Cologne Tastes Like, It's Also Flammable. When someone sent us literal barbecue cologne in the mail, we were excited and yes, a little wary.
11 Food Pick-Up Lines To Avoid. These feeble ice breakers might be even worse than usual.
The 12 Weirdest, Most Surprising Places to Find Recipes. Here are 12 recipes you just may come across somewhere you wouldn't expect.
Hot Honey. This is one ingredient you should have in your kitchen.
How To Make A Heart-Shaped Egg For Valentine's Day (VIDEO). Because who doesn't want to eat EVERYTHING in the shape of a heart?
15 Things You Didn't Know About Coffee. Sure, you love coffee, but do you really know coffee?
Fancy Fruit Appetizers. We're all familiar with the classic children's snack of ants on a log, which consisted of celery, peanut butter and raisins (or chocolate chips as a treat). Well, think of this as the adult version!
Wings Around the World. There's something inherently special about eating foods that don't call for the interference of utensils.
Martha Stewart's Bad Food Photos Never Get Old. Never forget.
What The Fast Food You're Craving Looks Like In Reality. Quick reminder
12 Reasons A Tagine Is Just What You Need This Winter (RECIPES). Let this dish from Northern Africa help you survive the winter.
Fondue x 2. While making cheese fondue can be tricky, making chocolate fondue is practically foolproof and can be whipped up at a moment's notice.
How To Throw An Awesome Tea Party For Kids (VIDEO). Tea time just got kid-friendly. Watch this video for tips on how to incorporate a calming tea time into your child's day
Eat This And Perform Like An Olympian (Maybe). One doctor claims he drinks pickle juice before he runs. The Kazakhstan wrestling team likes to consume horse sausage. And
The Sink Bowl Lets You Pull The Plug On Soggy Cereal (PHOTO). And it'll change the way you eat ramen forever.
\u00c7a Va Bien. The first thing you learn in French after \bonjour\ is \\u00c7a va?\ Meaning \It goes?\ or \How is it going?\ the simple phrase
Bright Red Recipes For Valentine's Day. No food coloring allowed.
The 19 Worst Couples You'll See Out on Valentine's Day. Couples flood our nation's restaurants, forcing single people back into their homes, where they'll heat up another sad microwavable meal.
Here's Why You Should Start Eating (More) Bugs. Wait, just hear us out. Insects could be the next big thing in food.
This Is How You Eat Nachos For Breakfast (RECIPE). It's the ultimate breakfast of champions.
30 French Foods That Are Better Than A Burger. Burgers are all the rage in France, but there's so much more to French food.
From Gushers to SpaghettiOs. Turns out some still hold up. Others prove that kids sometimes have really dumb tongues.
USDA Reports That Americans Eat A Lot Of Pizza, To No One's Surprise. There's a reason for that.
Three Tips for a Vegan Valentine's Day. t's possible to feel just as special at home with any of these killer recipes.
10 Terrifying Vintage Hellmann's Mayonnaise Recipes (PHOTOS). Behold, the worst vintage recipes ever made.
Coming to Terms With Keurig Coffeemaker Guilt. Once you get used to the ease and simplicity, there is no going back to anything else.
How to Make the Best Meatless Sloppy Joes. A vegan spin on sloppy Joes? This may be your first.
Romantic Valentine's Day Cocktails. To really impress your date, you're going to need to get behind the bar and fix some cocktails.
The Pork Belly Recipes You Never Knew You Needed. Make sure you have plenty of friends on hand, both to eat and to be impressed.
15 Food Reasons Italians Are Better At Life (PHOTOS). In Italy, the coffee is hot and to the point, the mozzarella is fresh and the people eat with gusto.
Burgers Help Buffalo Sauce Surge. Buffalo sauce isn't as common as barbecue sauce as a burger condiment, but Buffalo's closing the gap.
The World's Best Breakfast. Breakfast in the U.S. is a sacred feast that we're absolutely certain we do better than anywhere else in the world.
What Cookies Look and Taste Like Around the World. Chewy or crunchy, chocolaty or nutty, flat or twisted... A cookie is a cookie, but depending on where in the world it originates, a cookie may be called by another name and may look and taste very different from the kind of cookie you're used to.
Things You Didn't Know About Gerber Baby Food. Since 1928, families have been turning to the trusted name Gerber for their babies nutritional needs. They have graced our pantry shelves and invaded our TV sets with adorable commercials for decades, but how much do you really know about Gerber?
Chocolate Cookies for Valentine's Day. Jamie has an addiction to all things baking, as you'd guess from her blog, My Baking Addiction. She creates all things cookies
No Candy Bars Here. Still, what I sampled from among what was left was sensational. The \Free-Radical Assassin\ antioxidant salad was packed
Sandra Lee. The TV personality was remarkably honest when asked if she thinks she gets other chefs' respect.
Beat the Elements. To avoid protracted exposure to the elements, choose foods that can be direct grilled in 30 minutes or less -- burgers, steaks
The Best Canned Chili. There's really only one worth trying. Sigh.
The Best Ways to Clean Your Kitchen. Limited space, resources, and budget need not preclude you from having a clean, organized, and more user-friendly kitchen.
Sta. Rita Hills. According to Wes Hagen, 72 varieties of grapes are now grown in this compact appellation. The vast majority of its 2800 planted
Wine Names as Windows Onto Ancient Cultures. The words come from at least half a dozen distinct languages. Up through the 15th century, the Incan empire covered a stretch
These Croissant Earrings Are Worth Piercing Your Ears For (PHOTOS). They are the clearest expression of our pastry love.
Weird, Vintage Food from 1964, Cheese Porcupine Included. Julia Kramer, Bon Appetit Fifty years ago this Sunday, John, Paul, George, and Ringo gave their first live U.S. television
Great Food Porn/Photographer of the Month. Carey is extremely talented, her recipes are fresh, flavorful and tastefully created while her photography style is awe-inspiring.
The 7 Best Cozy, Comforting Apr\u00e8s-ski Dishes. These dishes are sure to light your fire.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's New Wine Is Getting Rave Reviews. Is there anything they can't do?
The Wines of Elvio Cogno, A Beautiful Expression of BaroloWine. The views are breathtaking.\u00a0 Valter explains there is both a mountain and maritime climate here, thanks to the proximity
The Best Guacamole in America. We found 10 variations of guacamole to get your mouth watering and your mind considering the infinite possibilities of guacamole.
The Surprisingly Unhealthy Foods Olympic Athletes Eat. They're just like us?
Biscuits And Gravy Join Forces To Make An Incredible Casserole (RECIPE). This recipe has forever altered the way we think about casseroles, and it's made us excited about breakfast again.
Chrissy Teigen Is Steaming up the South Beach Wine and Food Festival. Lee Schrager and his team have done it again with the likes of Teigen and other celebrity guests making this what many have come to know and love as a socially acceptable \foodgasm.\
These Recipes Are A Meat Lover's Dream Come True (PHOTOS). Think pork belly, short ribs, flank steak.
From Russia With Lunch. Russian food is rich in history and poor in PR.
Dessert-on-a-Sheet Pan. Here's a favorite, guaranteed to add a splash of sunshine to any winter meal.
Here's How. Banish your fear of making food too spicy by learning to prep in three different ways.
The Top Food Trends for 2014. Here are some of my top picks for foods to watch this year!
24 Must-visit Chicago Restaurants From Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Chicago is a city after any foodie's heart, but it can be hard to find places that fit a college budget.
Genius Korean-Style Chicken Wings. A platter of blistering, toffee-skinned chicken wings clinches it every time.
Olives, Ranked In Order From Worst To Best (PHOTOS). Oh, you think there's just green and black? That's so cute.
Valentine's Day Cheese Souffl\u00e9. Light a candle, bring the dish to the table with two forks and an herb-y salad for two, and let the world melt away.
The Midwest Officially Has Some Of The Best Beers In The World. If you want the best English pale ale, go to England. If you want a perfect glass of sake, go to Japan. And if you want a mouthwatering pint of any other kind of beer, your best bet might be the Midwest.
Chick-Fil-A Fans Love Chicken Sandwiches So Much They'll Brave Hypothermia For Them. About 20 Chick-fil-A aficionados in suburban Chicago braved a snow storm and wind chills dipping below zero overnight Wednesday
17 Mind-Boggling Facts About Pineapples. Have you ever seen the cuteness that is a baby pineapple?
You Can Actually Bake Cookies Using The Dough In Cookie Dough Ice Cream. Think the little morsels of dough in cookie dough ice cream are just flavoring? You'd be wrong.
Which Country In The World Consumes The Most Alcohol Per Year? (MAP). Think it's the US? Not even close.
What The Type Of Milk You Drink Says About You. If you're into whole milk, you tend to live life to the fullest.
Every Way You Could Possibly Need To Crack An Egg (VIDEOS). Never fish for another broken egg shell again.
The Best Macaroni and Cheese, 3 Ways. We've got the best recipe for you. No boxes required.
Whine Pairings. Only my wine pairings take on a whole new meaning when served at home. Because they are whine pairings. And they go something like this.
'Brie Mine,' And The Best Food Cards For Valentine's Day (PHOTOS). \I like you an offal lot\ is the best way to say you care.
If You Like Shiny Things, You'll Love Ike's 'Lover's Gold' Cookies (PHOTO). Probably the fanciest gift you can give someone that doesn't include diamonds.
Valentine's Day Strawberry Shortcake Cookies. Surprise your sweetheart for Valentine's Day by making these strawberry shortcake cookies!
The Only Grain-Free Granola Recipe You'll Ever Need. A breakfast recipe for many whose dietary restrictions make it tough to find one.
Scientists Found the Most Efficient, Groundbreaking Way to Hold a Hamburger. I thought it was completely normal for a burger's contents to spill out of the buns by the second bite.
13 Things You Didn't Know About Yuengling. Here are 13 things you might not have known about Yuengling's superior suds.
Dinner-on-a-Sheet Pan. I offer you two radically simple approaches to dinner tonight.
When Your Favorite Flavor Gets Trendy, Sometimes You Don't Want to Share It. Sugared dried coconut flakes were what one put in and on things in North America back then to render them fancy, to signal
Just Because It's a Legend... Does It Taste Good?. Was there a good black and white cookie out there, or was it just another urban food myth?
The Unhealthiest Hot Starbucks Drinks. While some of these beverages contain enough sugar to induce a diabetic coma in a Shetland pony, others made our naughty list for more surprising reasons -- like magnificent levels of cholesterol.
6 Things You Should Absolutely Not Eat While Hungover. If you drank too much last night, you can make today a lot less horrid by avoiding these foods.
What Makes American Cuisine American?. Understanding what makes American food American is a task best initiated by considering the diet of Thomas Jefferson\u2019s slaves.
10 Easy Chocolate Desserts to Make Your Valentine Swoon. Make one of these decadent chocolate recipes, all of which are no harder to pull off than a trip to the candy aisle at the grocery store.
13 Signs Your Office Lunch Has Become The Most Important Part Of Your Day. Stolen lunches, deciding between a burrito or a sandwich and wondering how many times a week you can eat Chipotle are signs your office lunch is the most important part of your day.
The Best Bottom Shelf Beer Labels, In Order Of Aesthetic Pleasantness (PHOTOS). In order of how much we like the label, that is.
11 Beers Made With Breakfast Foods Like Bacon, Oats, and Coffee. Welcome to the eye-opening world of breakfast beer.
10 Foods No One Should Eat On An Airplane. This confluence of events -- fewer in-flight meals, more food available in the airports and closer in-flight quarters -- has
13 Signs You're A Full-Blown Coffee Addict (PHOTOS). How much of a fiend are you?
This Camera Brings A Whole New Meaning To Saying Cheese. Just don't expect a picture.
El Bulli Mastermind Ferran Adri\u00e0 Wants Hot Ice Cream. SEE MORE
The Best Ways to Store Fresh Herbs. Say goodbye to dull, limp herbs. Here's how to keep your fresh herbs fresh all week long.
How To Make A Delicious Salad With No Lettuce Whatsoever (PHOTOS). You're just going to pick it out anyway. Let's leave it out altogether.
Bacon Pops Got Us To Agree To Eat Bacon For Dessert Again (PHOTO). When you can't decide between bacon or chocolate, have both.
The Ultimate Buttered Microwave Popcorn Taste Test. There are very few requirements for a movie night
If You Really Love Grilled Cheese, You Ought To Show It (PHOTOS). All the best grilled cheese swag Etsy has to offer.
Move Over Chicken Noodle, Garlic Soup Is Soothing Colds. Chicken noodle has had its day.
After the Fear Recedes. The process produces a thin gelatin membrane around a liquid, and the wobbly blob pops in the mouth to release a burst of flavor.
Spa Water Is A Real Thing And People Apparently Love It (PHOTOS). What makes water \spa water\ exactly? Come find out.
What Do Football Players Eat Before Games?. Before each game, players are faced with the decision of what they're going to put into their bodies in order to make sure they're properly fueled up for the Herculean task ahead. So what exactly do that eat? We tracked down answers from 10 professional football players
Super Bowl Recipe Roundup. This delicious vegetarian chili is made dark and mysterious with a touch of semisweet chocolate and cinnamon. Chocolate and cinnamon are used together in several Mexican dishes. Small roasted florets of white cauliflower turn a simple idea into something that looks really dramatic.
5 Ways to Have the Best Super Bowl Wings on the Block. Quick
The Worst Food and Drink Super Bowl Commercials Ever Made. Remember the silly SoBe Lifewater dancing lizards of 2008 or the ridiculous 'Where's Herb?' Burger King ads?
Winter Wonderful Hot Chocolate Cheesecake. This is such a different recipe I knew I had to share. It's also a recipe you can customize for your family. You see that's
What Currency Devaluation in Argentina Means for Wine. The big news from Argentina this week is that the central bank has allowed the peso's currency to fall against the dollar
Better Weeknight Dinners. Just because you worked late doesn't mean you don't deserve a satisfying, home-cooked dinner.
Bacon + Low Carb + Delish = Super Bowl Snack Winner. Plowing through the salty, crunchy, carb-heavy snacks that Super Bowl parties are notorious for will leave you feeling like a linebacker come Monday morning. Not awesome. So, let's talk game day strategy:
Habitual -- Matcha Raspberry Tart. As Chinese New Year arrives, I yearn for those moments around the family dining table.
This Is The Perfect Way To Eat A Burger. You'll never look back.
The Wildest Wings in America. We've tracked down 12 of the wildest non-traditional chicken wings in America.
9 Super Super Bowl Cocktails. We have nine amazing drinks that you and your friends are sure to love more than just a six-pack of beer.
Guy Fieri's Flavortown Roasts Are Everything That's Wrong With America. Somehow this doesn't surprise us.
Tea Sandwiches for the Super Bowl? Go for It. You can thank us later when your couch doesn't have buffalo wing sauce stains all over it.
The 48 Worst People at Your Super Bowl XLVIII Party. Any of these seem familiar?
Warm Cookies. They'll be very soft when they first come out -- don't worry, they firm up quick. But you'll never want a different peanut butter cookie.
Your Super Bowl Drinks. Fix one of these cocktails at your Super Bowl party, and no matter which team wins, you'll be a champ.
America's Best Chicken Wings. These are the tastiest chicken wings in America, straight from the menus of some of the country's hottest kitchens.
How to Make Your Own Vanilla Extract. After reading this you might not bother to ever buy a bottle of vanilla extract again.
Up Your 'Gram Game. We couldn't help but think about improving our food photos -- so we consulted an expert.
Imbibe-Approved Super Bowl Eats. From beer-spiked pretzels to porter-braised pork, here's what we'll be making.
Potato \Nachos\ With Smoked Raclette, Wilted Spinach and Caramelized Red Onion. These nachos are so sinful; it's hard to stop eating them even when you're way past being full!
Burger King Tests Chicken Waffle Sandwich, Apparently Looks Like 'Struggle'. And it doesn't look so hot.
Best Foods To Eat With A Spoon Straight From The Jar. Just embrace it.
The Best Way to Peel Hard-Boiled Eggs. Cook your eggs however you like -- slightly older eggs will help your peeling efforts, but using them is not necessary -- and cool them down. Fill up a separate, clean bowl with room temperature water.
What Is the Difference Between the Lychee, Rambutan and Longan?. I never had much of a sweet tooth for cookies or chocolate but I was always obsessed with Asian desserts.
11 Times Raw Meat Was Insanely Beautiful (PHOTOS). These photos even surprised us.
The Most Expensive Cupcakes Ever. They are no longer a thing for children. Cupcakes are serious business.
How To Instantly Upgrade Your Grilled Cheese (PHOTOS). Grilled cheese is good, but you can make it even better.
Buffalo Chicken Recipes, Hold The Wings (PHOTOS). Your love of buffalo chicken doesn't have to be limited to wings thanks to these Super Bowl-friendly recipes that pack some
Butter Tarts Are The Greatest Gift From Canada (PHOTO). We are forever indebted.
13 Ingredients That Ruin Guacamole For Everyone (PHOTOS). Just keep the celery out of it, okay people?
Artist Re-Creates Death Row Inmates' Last Meals In 'No Seconds' (PHOTOS). From a single olive to two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream.
Jack in the Box Adds Beef Bacon Burger Patty. Jack in the Box today introduces the Bacon Insider, the first burger patty made with ground beef and bacon from a major burger chain.
Jack in the Box Releases the Bacon Insider, a Burger Patty Infused with Bacon Chunks. There is bacon IN the burger.
8 Weird Food Customs From Around The World. When it comes to manners, what passes for polite in Poland might be taboo in Djibouti.
Raising the Bar. \Many recipes tell you to add the juice to the rest of your ingredients in your shaker, but don't do it.\
Now It's Uruguay's Turn to Shine With Wine. There is a trickle of good wines coming into the American market and they are priced to compete with other Latin American wines.
Super Bowl Cocktails. Throw a Super Bowl party to remember with these easy recipes and tips for a winning weekend.
How to Make Snack Mix Without a Recipe, Sweet or Savory. Your favorite snacks have been elevated beyond the stuff of everyday sustenance.
Hot Maine Lobster Dip. This lobster dip will satisfy the \bowl\ aspect of this time honored championship game.
Churro Spray Can. Aside from oil burns or exploding canisters filled with pressurized churro batter, obviously.
Sweet and Spicy Swiss Chard Wraps. This delicious vegan dinner idea is just about as nutritious as you can get and has a flavor both kids and adults love.
Dunkin' Donuts Cookie Dough and Brownie Batter Donuts Are Actually Really Good. Have a heart, or have a dozen.
7 Ingredients for the Best Guacamole Ever!. Since it's almost Super Bowl Sunday, what good would this blog be without a recipe for guacamole?
These Are 33 Of The Best, Most Iconic American Foods. Here in the US of A, we take our icons pretty seriously... especially when those icons are covered in cheese and chili.
The Big Game Snacks. There are easy ways to make food for friends that only require a bit of time in the kitchen and here are some suggestions.
Red Lentil and Spinach Soup. This is a perfect winter soup
Chipotle Is Saying No To GMOs. Here's Why.. Multiple national surveys have been conducted about GMO labeling and the consumer's right to know what's in our food. The results have been fairly consistent
Sweet Baby Cheesus, Americans Eat A Lot Of Mozzarella (And These 11 Other Foods). Pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs and Oreos. We love these foods. It's mind-blowing the millions and billions of gallons and pounds we eat of each every year.
The Best Place To Eat At The Food Court (DEATHMATCH). Is it the cinnamon buns or the pizza that makes shopping malls bearable?
The Surprising Trick To Making The Best Steak Of Your Life. It's all about the heat.
Seven Healthier Super Bowl Snacks. That Super Bowl Sunday must end with a winner and a loser is a foregone conclusion. That it has to end with a belly ache from too many trips to the junk food buffet isn't.
The 4 Most Outrageous Ice Cream Flavors. These eleven unique ice cream flavors have excited, disgusted, and inspired ice cream consumers around the world.
January's Nachos Of The Month. We love nachos so much, we want to invent a new kind every month.
The British Biscuits You Have To Try In Your Lifetime (PHOTOS). It's always a good time for a biscuit.
Why I Hate Something You Probably Love. It all starts with that musty, grassy odor. People claim to love it, but that IPA stench hits my nose like a Christmas tree that drenched itself in expired Pine-Sol, then went out clubbing.
Sweet Resolutions. Before being diagnosed with celiac disease, I baked a lot and even dreamed of opening up my own bakery. After my diagnosis, however, I immediately shied away from the oven. In preparation for my return to my amateur kitchen, I met with the ladies at Ovenly to discuss how they got their start baking.
Tea-Spiked Desserts, From Earl Grey To Chai (PHOTOS). A slice of cake with a cup of tea is nice. But a piece of earl grey cake is even better.
2.5 Minutes Of Unadulterated Meat Porn At Takashi (VIDEO). They take their beef very seriously at Takashi.
Pita Pit Fires Employees Over Facebook. Ouch.
Grilled Cheese Super Bowl Party. Sure, you bought some wings and guacamole and maybe even made your own sliders -- but don't you want this year to stand out? Don't worry, because we have the ultimate party for you.
Are Avocados Always in Season?. Since when did eating fresh guacamole in the dead of winter become an inalienable right?
This Polar Bear Mug Lid Is So Mean, We Don't Even Know What To Say (PHOTO). It's so cute, but it's also breaking our hearts.
Super Grains. Move over, quinoa.
The Wine Bottle Wine Glass Suggests You Have A Drinking Problem. If one glass is never enough, just drink the bottle.
Phyllo Dough Is Like A Buttery Hug For Your Recipes (PHOTOS). And who would say no to a buttery hug?
Forget Florets. Roasted cauliflower? Been there, done that. But roasting a whole head of cauliflower? Now we've got your attention.
Dessert You're Craving Now. Bread pudding is exactly what we're craving to warm our chilled bones and add a touch of sweetness to our lives. Women have
Slumber Party Grub. Slumber parties are a rite of passage for kids, just like hosting one is for moms newly initiated to the habits of 9-year
The Brewtis Bottle Holder Is Our Kind Of Beer Thermos (PHOTO). Joke's on you, water bottle haters.
6 Ways To Cure Cabin Fever. Baby, it's cold outside. The East Coast is looking at another 10 inches of snow and freezing temperatures, which means school
Umami Burger And Michael Voltaggio Introduce The Insane Monte Cristo. It looks as insane as it sounds.
How To Make Awesome Pancake Art (VIDEO). The only thing kids love more than pancakes is pancake art. We're not talking about blueberry smiley faces either. Thanks
What the Hell Is Filipino Food? Here Are the 7 Dishes You Need to Know. It's one of the most unique flavor profiles out there, but where do you start?
Fudgy Black Bean Brownies. Black bean brownies may sound extremely unappealing, but I can assure you they are phenomenal. You will not notice the black beans in these, I promise.
The Place of Wine in Argentine Culture. The vast majority of wine in Argentina is extremely inexpensive. For many years, before Argentina began to export wine in
What Your Favorite Hot Sauce Says About You. You're a hot-sauce-on-almost-everything kind of person. But if you've gotten to the point where food is simply a vehicle
How to Make Your Own Nutella. This chocolate-hazelnut spread is a slightly grown-up version of the one you may be familiar with.
What Your Movie Theater Order Says About You. Popcorn or candy? It's the classic dilemma.
Reddit. In case you'd run out of food-related nightmare fuel, Reddit made you some more.
The Marathon Wine Glass Stops You From Embarrassing Yourself. This condescending glass could save you from a few embarrassing nights.
Homemade Chicken Broth from Scratch. Homemade chicken broth from scratch is the basis for almost everything I believe in. It's so simple and easy, so valuable, so healing, and so freaking delicious.
Garnish School. We eat (/impress the hell out of our friends) with our eyes first.
What Your Favorite Liquor Says About You (PHOTOS). You're just here to have a good time, man, and we all really like you.
4 Easy Ways to Start Grilling With Your Fireplace. In many parts of the world, cooking on an indoor hearth remains a living art.
Annie Stein on Kai Lobach's Currywurst. Between tending the plants, cutting back the roses, cruising the art marts online and on foot, and catering parties from Bel Air to Malibu, who has time to toot his own horn about those yummy sausages?
5 Things You Should Never Put on Pizza. While they might be well and good on their own, they really just don't work atop a pizza.
Don't Eat Another Bad Veggie Burger, Upgrade It (PHOTOS). Don't eat another bad veggie burger.
How to Make Kale Salad Without a Recipe. Don't pass it off as just another trend -- there's a reason it won't go away.
WATCH. If it's not already, your muffin pan should be your new best friend. Watch the video and learn a ridiculously easy DIY taco
Cookie Dough Oreos And Marshmallow Crispy Oreos Hitting Stores Next Month (PHOTOS). Yes, please!
Making Olive Oil in the Peloponnese. In each bite I can taste the olive grove and its bright sun-kissed fruit.
The FreezCube Provides A Spoiler Alert For Your Freezer (PHOTO). Are you sure you should eat that? Neither are we.
But Seriously, You Need A Go-To Za'atar Recipe (PHOTOS). Let your za'atar flag fly.
The Cookie Cake Pie Is The Holy Trinity Of Desserts (PHOTO). But we still want to eat a slice. (Or two.)
Do You Think Flowering Tea Is Revolting Or Amazing? (PHOTOS). Some of us look at this and see a beautiful flower. Some of us see a terrible spider.
25 Cooking Mistakes That Even Good Cooks Make (PHOTOS). We're willing to bet that you yourself are committing some of these mistakes too.
Sense of Taste. I believe in selective indulgence. After enjoying your healthy lunch or dinner, you can end with a lighter dessert
Stubborn Spirits. There are several types of liquor that are very difficult to use in cocktails -- even for pros like me. So I offer you a \my way or the highway\ set of rules for turning these different alcohols into delicious cocktails.
How to Cocktail. The Rob Roy cocktail is overlooked by many, but this Scotch-based cousin of the Manhattan is really simple to make and delicious.
Beyond the Plate. I noticed that our conversation weaved in and out of each bite and sip, seamlessly and fluidly like a perfectly choreographed dance. Since that evening I haven't viewed food's relationship with life through the same eyes.
10 Little-known Historical Facts About American Chinese Food. It's mysterious, it's delicious, and it's been evolving ever since the California Gold Rush.
Shrimp Mayonnaise Doritos Are Hitting Stores In Japan. Would you try them?
Foods That Won't Spoil Easily. There are some things you can buy guilt-free and pack away for the apocalypse without worry of spoilage at all.
7 Things a Bartender Shouldn't Do. In order to help raise the bar, we've been noting the bartender behavior that bothers our nearly 400,000 Facebook fans the most over the past few months. You just may be surprised by their responses.
These Are The 17 Best Tiki Bars in America. We've decided to track down 17 of the best Tiki temples in the U.S. Then we drank a lot of rum.
Raw Vegan Pizza With Sprouted Nut Cheese. This is the dish that will win over anyone -- even my red-blooded, manly-man boyfriend was floored after taking just one bite.
How to Crack and Use a Whole Coconut. Get out your hammer -- it's time to crack open some coconuts.
This Homemade Vermouth Recipe Makes Drinking Even Better. Your cocktails will thank you.
10 Delicious Snow Day Recipes to Make With Kids. Keep them happy and warm in the kitchen with these simple and delicious recipes.
Alex Atala's Shortcut To Amazing Veggies Cooked In Iceberg Lettuce. Quite possibly the best peas and asparagus I've ever had -- and they weren't even in season.
The 20 Best Cereals, In Order. Sorry Cheerios, you didn't make the cut.
What To Do With Leftover Juicer Pulp (VIDEO). Hint
Shoo Flu!. It worked for Aunt Sadie; it'll work for you. Even if you're not sick (yet), it'll taste mighty good.
How to Make Sweet Potato Caramel. When we heard this thick homemade caramel sauce had only one ingredient, we didn't believe it.
The Chuck E. Cheese Survival Guide for Adults. Chuck E. Cheese elicits a flood of memories. Thing is, I wasn't remembering my own childhood; I was remembering my trip at the end of December 2013.
10 Decadent Gluten-Free Desserts. We promise the words \divine\ and \heaven\ will come to mind before \gluten-free.\
13 Foods That'll Make You Want To Visit Belgium (PHOTOS). And stay for the beer.
These Wine Stoppers Are So Ridiculous They Drive Us To Drink (PHOTOS). They're scrapping the bottom of the barrel in acceptability.
Pickled Peppers for Game Day. Pickled Banana Peppers are a delicious topping on more than just sandwiches.
American Hustle, 12 Years a Slave, Her, and More 2014 Oscar Nominees Celebrated in Food. Get ready to celebrate this year's Best Picture nominees with recipes inspired by each of the nine nominated films.
The Most Dangerous Things in Your Kitchen. When not used correctly, these tools  can cause severe damage to you or someone else. We've rounded up some of the most dangerous equipment -- and chances are, you have a few of these in your kitchen.
The Only 11 Canadian Foods You'll Ever Need to Eat. Don't worry. There's no moose.
These 10 Simple Recipes Will Remind You What Real Food Tastes Like. 2013 was a confusing year in fancy foods trends. Your ramen was broth-less, your chicken charred and your burger had a whole
Skip Ordering Takeout and Make These Chicken Tacos Instead!. For an excuse-proof plan to avoid ordering takeout, make the mango salsa ahead of time, buy pre-shredded cabbage, and put the chicken in the fridge to marinate the night before. With a little bit of prep work, home-cooked dinner has never been quicker!
10 Things You Didn't Know About Girl Scout Cookies. Where do these magical cookies come from?
Homemade Vanilla Chai Syrup. The recipe couldn't be easier
Taste Test. The winner filled our hearts with happiness, and the loser filled our hearts with rage.
What Kitchen Gear Don't You Own? My Top 5. As you will see, a lot comes down to size, storage, counter space and usefulness.
A New York City Greek Restaurant That Sets New Levels for Modern Hellenic Cuisine. Quality does not just count, it costs, and Nerai delivers it with a panache unique to Greek restaurants in NYC.
The Best Desk Sign We've Ever Seen (PHOTO). (Needs include
20 Dumplings Around The World (PHOTOS). From Chinese pork buns to South African souskluitjies.
Chateau Coutet's Cameo on Downton Abbey. Aline is a recent fan of Downton Abbey -- she binged watched the first three seasons last year.\u00a0Luckily for her she had seen
Jelly Belly to Introduce Draft Beer and Chocolate Covered Tabasco Flavored Beans. Yes, the Draft Beer beans do actually taste like beer, but we're a bit befuddled about our excitement level.
5 Predictions for Barbecue in 2014 (And Recipes to Get You Started). Admittedly, the future of barbecue isn't as weighty as politics or high finance, but it certainly does more to further the cause of human happiness. I believe that 2014 will be another banner year for barbecue.
Making Dessert Vegan. With chia seed pudding, all you need is your ingredients and a jar -- no cooking required! Simply mix your ingredients together, and let it sit in the refrigerator overnight.
Fig Newtons, Made at Home. This recipe grew out of a need to satisfy cravings for my favorite childhood cookie.
Healthy and Easy. I love this soup hot, but it's also delicious chilled with extra diced jalape\u00f1o sprinkled on top
5 Foods You Should Never Eat Raw. Long, long ago, humans were capable of eating lots of things raw. Now, not so much.
Beef Stroganoff Is Named for Who Exactly?. This winter, we're fighting back the cold with an old-timey classic, and we mean REALLY old-timey
These 10 Spices Will Instantly Make You A Better Cook. If your spice cabinet is made up of nothing more than salt, garlic powder and onion flakes, you need to read this.
Hario. It requires no power and takes up only as much space as a baby bottle. Game changer.
America's Obesity Epidemic Is Not a Moral Failing. I don't feel like a monster if I want a candy bar. It's fine. I just eat the damn candy and move on with my life.
That Time I Helped Slaughter A Turkey. I don't know if my willingness-nay, near-enthusiasm-to help slaughter an animal is more surprising or less surprising given that I was a vegetarian for 6-7 years.
Everything You Never Wanted to Know About Prison Food. We've already perfected our signature prison wine, so it's time to move onto the main course
Bay Scallop Recipes Prove That Good Things Really Do Come In Small Packages (PHOTOS). Treat yourself to these sweet, tiny scallops that are perfectly in season.
Tartiflette. It's all potatoes, bacon and melted cheese.
11 Foods That Don't Belong Anywhere Near A Super Bowl Party (PHOTOS). Sorry, we thought we heard you say \quinoa salad.\
This Ketchup Packet Trick Could Change How You Eat Fries Forever. Try to squeeze a perfect amount onto a single fry? False.
Smoky Mulled Cider With Chipotle and Islay Single Malt Scotch. Why not wrap your hands around a warm glass of this mulled cider, and let the addictive smokiness fill your nostrils and your palate?
Bartenders Say California Law Requiring They Wear Gloves Is Off-Putting, Less Hygienic. Matthew Biancaniello, a bartender and \u201ccocktail chef,\u201d said he feels gloves might set a strange tone. But a new California
Someone Invented A Vagina Toaster, So All You Other Toaster People Can Go Home (PHOTO). So... we suppose all you other toaster innovators can just go home now.
16 Universally Frustrating Food Situations. Food is great, but it is by no means perfect.
The Only French Onion Soup Recipe You'll Ever Need. It is loaded with melted cheese.
Feed Your Inner Child With A Homemade Candy Recipe (PHOTOS). If these don't delight your inner child, we don't know what will.
How To Create An Apple Pie Cone. I have sort of a weird obsession with trying to recreate foods in cone form. So far I've created Sweet and Sour Chicken in a Wonton Cone, a Chocolate Chip Cookie Cone, Cobb Salad in a Crouton Cone and a Chicken and Waffle Cone among others.
What Is Uni?. Whether on pork belly or in pasta or on a light salad, uni can add umami and richness to a variety of dishes.
The Farmers' Market Cookbook. These brassica family vegetables aren't fashionable. Many Europeans survived on swede during the Second World War, so its association with privation is strong.
How The Corporate World Fuels Our Junk Food Addiction (VIDEO). Michael Pollan explains why cooking food yourself can make all the difference in bettering your health.
Movie Theatre Popcorn Cake Features All The Candy You'll Ever Need. Trying to stuff all your favorite snacks in your purse/pocket before you hit up the movie theatre?
ChocoChicken In L.A. Will Serve Chocolate-Flavored Fried Chicken. WTF?
Who Deserves Chocolate More, Mint Or Peanut Butter? (VOTE). Take a stand and vote for your favorite.
Ranking the Top 5 Bum Wines, From Thunderbird to Mad Dog 20/20. Some call it \bum wine\ or \brown bag vino.\ But the cultured call it \fortified wine.\
How to Survive Restaurant Disasters. We've rounded up 10 potential restaurant disasters and explain how to deal with them like a pro.
Unplugged. It's no secret we should all be unplugging now and then to maintain our health and sanity. In fact, unplugging is becoming
DressTiez Bibs For Adults Are No Joke. Instead of carrying the embarrassment of a spill around with you all day, you can ... wear a bib?
National Peanut Butter Day. Ditch the jelly and create something new with that old lunchbox comfort.
Fact-Checking 7 Popular Food and Drink Urban Legends. Don't lose any more sleep over the fate of Little Mikey the Pop Rocks kid -- we've got all the truths and lies right here.
What Is Foodish and Why Do I Resist It?. Ninety-nine percent of their words are familiar, with a scattering of foreign loanwords (pancetta, mezcal), but what makes
The Foodie 5. Tran introduced San Francisco to one of her favorite things to eat using fresh California ingredients and Tran family recipes.
Cooking Off the Cuff. It's apple-y and buttery, with alluring vanilla and brandy aromas if you've added those ingredients.
12 Meatless Soups That Will Actually Fill You Up. Sometimes we need our vegetables in bowl-form, piping hot, and eaten, curled up, with a spoon.
The Next Party We Go To Had Better Feature A Dessert Garden (PHOTO). Reddit, you've dazzled us again.
Eating My Way Through Vegas. There is a whimsical glow to it all that screams decadence mixed with Disneyland, and, to be honest, it has never really been my thing. I decided to give Vegas another go, though, when I continued to hear about its amazing culinary scene.
30 Beet Dishes That'll Convince You To Try A New Recipe. Beets are so sweet that you can even make brownies with them.
International Foods That Are Hard To Find, From Fish Sperm To Duck Embryos. Unless you know where to look...
Books That Drive the Way We Cook Today. Bon App\u00e9tit They're everywhere, from our staffers' kitchens to those carefully curated boutique shelves. They're the resourceful
10 New Crazy Flavored Vodkas. We've found 10 new ones that are even crazier. (Think electricity, sriracha and tobacco.)
10 Decadent Ways To Get Your Leafy Greens (RECIPES). Yeah, yeah, yeah, resolutions -- we know, but check out this cheese.
Top 3 Superfluous Foods. Here are three ingredients that are fine on their own, but are way too often added to other dishes.
Naomi Watts Shares Her Favorite Green Juice Recipe. From countless Elizabeth Street moms to Hollywood stars, juicing has become the secret beauty weapon of so many lately. And
Andrew Murray to Expand; Leasing Former Curtis Winery & Vineyard. By 2005, the vineyard plantings on the Murray ranch had grown to 42 acres. His parents, however, were looking to retire, which
How NOT to Throw a Dinner Party -- What We've Learned From Downton Abbey. We put together a helpful primer for what to avoid when you're hosting a night in.
14 Ways to Be a Better Baker in 2014. You're going to save time, save money, and eat more chocolate, too.
Downton Living. The DVDs were on your library reserve list for months and you never gave up hope that you'd be next. You refused to read
'Make Me A Sandwich' Is Making Us Hungry, Delighted (VIDEO). A falafel, peanut butter and Sriracha sandwich, to be exact. SWOON.
The ToastyMUG Is Like A Ceramic Scarf For Your Hands... Or Something (PHOTO). Yeah, sure. Doesn't look cumbersome at all.
What's America's Favorite Frozen Yogurt Chain? (DEATHMATCH). How far would you travel for a great cup of tea?
15 Surprising Foods to Keep in Your Freezer. Here are 15 surprising foods you can -- and sometimes should -- stock in your freezer.
'The Great Chicken Wing Hunt' Filmmaker Tests Insane Hot Sauce (VIDEO). Don't try this at home.
How to Turn a Big Mac Into a Gourmet 'Le McCube'. Would a McDonald's burger disguised as a gourmet dish be like hiding an elephant in peacock feathers?
Alex Guarnaschelli's Perfect Marinara Sauce. Learn how to make her mother's \carrot-heavy\ marinara sauce.
How to Whip Your 2014 Kitchen Into Shape. Your kitchen has some New Year's resolutions, too.
The Best Argentine Wines of 2013. Malbec. Of course, we have to start with Malbec, and the favorite from our tastings in 2013 was the Vina Alicia Brote Negro
How To Put That Fruitcake To Good Use (VIDEO). No doubt you've been staring at the thing for more than a week now\u2014the fruitcake so-and-so passed off as a gift. Don't hate
Up Your Cocktail Game... With Smoke! Plus 5 Easy Recipes. Smoke adds character that can turn a basic cocktail into a drink of great depth and distinction.
Thyme Red Wine Sauce Recipe. Cold winter nights call for rich sauces to accompany your favorite dishes. Thyme red wine sauce is a classic pairing for
7 Cozy Sunday Suppers. This is apparently the world's most Googled brisket recipe. It's surprisingly simple
Savory Pumpkin Soup. Savory Pumpkin Soup Once, a long time ago, on the Carribean Island of St. John, on the far side of the island in a little
How to Make the Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie. A cookie with the perfect combination of fat, flavor, and comfort. Who needs detox?
15 Celebrities Who Want To Be Food Experts. Cookbooks are the new black?
What Happens When You Drop A Red Hot Ball Of Nickel Onto A Brick Of Velveeta? (VIDEO). Instant queso volcano!
Cinnamon Buns From Scratch. 4. After an hour, add the 1/3 cup white flour, the baking powder, baking soda, and salt. OK, here goes
Meet The Cardoon, Artichoke's Shy Sibling. This stalk is worth your time.
Upgrade Your Soup Recipes With 10 Easy Tricks (PHOTOS). Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. But even with 100 recipes and
Golden Globe Cocktails. Mix up a batch or two of these superb cocktails, throw on your heels, and let the awards season begin!
We Made A Sommelier Taste All The Trader Joe's Two-Buck Chucks. Some of it's actually pretty damn good, and could easily be sold as Nine-to-Eleven-Buck Chuck.
Kale Pesto. This wintry version of pesto is robust, but just as luxurious as the classic basil sauce. Indeed, kale lends itself marvelously to making pesto! And the sauce is quick to make -- all that's needed is to blanch the hardy leaves for a few minutes before making the sauce... and voila!
How to Make Granola Without a Recipe. I like to think of making granola as more along the lines of a delicious and rebellious takeover.
The 13 Greatest Things About Being Vegetarian. Dearest guacamole and hummus, they don't love you like I love you.
In Search of Ceviche and Flavor. This was the freshest, most flavorful salsa I have ever had, and I have had a great deal of salsa in my life.
Eating Healthy Just Got Easy With These 20 Recipes (PHOTOS). Unless you've lost use of your taste buds, you understand the dilemma of eating healthy. With all the french fries, brownies
Restaurants That Still Make You Wear a Jacket. There are still a handful of restaurants left in the country that require men to wear a jacket.
30 Women Who Are In An Intimate Relationship With Chocolate (PHOTOS). You've seen 'Women Laughing Alone with Salad,' but you're not prepared for this.
Beer and Seafood. Seafood is classically paired with white wine, but what if you just want a cold beer to go with your crustaceans?
Pippali Brings Regional Indian Cuisine to New York. You can sense the difference in the cooking here even before tasting it.
15 Recipes That Make Us Thankful For Heavy Cream (PHOTOS). For one, it gave us whipped cream. We're forever grateful.
Reading Cookbooks. Is there anyone who reads a cookbook in its entirety?
Top 10 Molecular Gastronomy Restaurants in the U.S.. The best places in the country for this cutting-edge cuisine.
Pasta With Tuna, Garlic and Parsley. For someone who is inclined to overkill (me), it takes an act of considerable willpower to keep from adding to this dish.
Glow-in-the-dark Ice Cream and the Future of Sweets. I discovered this bioluminescent edible a few months ago and have been waiting for the perfect time to share. With everyone
Cooking Off the Cuff. Hooray for lousy weather, and hooray for Irish stew.
Slow Cooker Recipes. Try one of our 20 steamy soup slow cooker recipes to warm your belly on a frosty day.
This Burrito Cake Is All We Care About Today (VIDEO). Congratulations to the geniuses that came up with this one.
An Ode to the Salad Spinner. Family time growing up meant putting on a suit and eating at La Caravelle, the restaurant my parents ran in New York. It
Eat All Your Vegetables. Today
The Best Gluten-Free Pastas. Gluten-free pasta doesn't have to feel like a sacrifice.
The Brothers Red Barn Brings Back That Lovin' Feelin... Again. We dined with Lori and Bob Breslauer, restaurant owners based in Seaside Oregon. They know food. They know prep. And most
Watch What Happens When Host Is Confronted With Duck Embryo. Bon Appetit's Andrew Knowlton shares the latest in food trends, including balut.
20 Times A Sandwich Cut In Half Was The Most Beautiful Thing On Earth (PHOTOS). Excuse our inevitable drool.
The 15 Craziest Sandwiches Our Readers Have Made. Man, you guys are weird.
Who Makes The Best Coffee Beans For Home Brewing? (DEATHMATCH). Is Folgers still America's favorite home-brewed coffee or has Starbucks taken over?
Great Food Porn of the Month. Sarah's photographs capture the lively moments in her kitchen and she writes with equal poise and skill.
Pastis. Drink it to cope through the long, cold months of winter.
Yummy Butternut Squash Pasta Recipe With Parmesan, Nutmeg and Sage. I'm always looking for recipes that put fall and winter flavors like butternut squash to work in vegetarian fare.
Where Have All The Cantonese Restaurants Gone?. When you examine the larger landscape, it is clear that the one-time dominance of Cantonese food in the United States has receded.
11 Resolution-Approved Detox Recipes. You're probably reeling a little bit from the Thanksgiving to New Year's Eve stretch; it was a cocktail and hors d'oeuvres
A New Start With a First Crush at Continuum Estate. Marcia points out that the winery, designed by architect to the Napa Valley stars, Howard Backen, has been situated\u00a0to take
25 Foods You Have To Eat Before You Die. A life without freshly-made whipped cream is not a life worth living.
Our Favorite Dishes (and Drinks!) of 2013. Herewith, our favorite dishes of 2013. And, for the first time ever, we're including a handful of drinks that wowed us, too.
Just A Friendly Reminder To Give Your Delivery Guy A Nice Tip Today. If you're going to be lazy, at least be nice.
The People Behind Your Favorite Foods. It might be hard to imagine, but there was a time when nachos didn't exist. Or hamburgers.
15 Foods We Forbid You To Make Us Smell In The Morning (PHOTOS). Please, just keep the kimchi sealed until after noon.
This Hand-Pulled Cotton Candy Is Absolutely Blowing Our Minds (PHOTOS). No, yes, you read that correctly. You can make cotton candy with your hands.
Holy Cow, Sriracha, Etsy Really Loves You (PHOTOS). 17 of our favorite handmade odes to \Hipster Ketchup.\
20 Food Things Only A Miamian Would Understand (PHOTOS). You know you've got a Miamian in front of you when they take down more cafesitos than you can count.
6 Gluten-free Beers That Don't Suck. We'll drink granola beers or holy water beers. Hell, even garlic beers. But gluten-free beers? Gulp. Do we have to?
How To Zest Citrus Without A Microplane. It's nice to cook in a kitchen stocked with every culinary trinket imaginable, but even if you don't have specialized cooking
3 Stunning Ways To Dress Up A Store-Bought Cake. The next time you're in charge of the cake, skip stressing out over fussy icing techniques and embellish it yourself using
Symmetry in Scandinavia. Allow me to explain what Finland seems to be to me. In one word
The Best of Mexican Food in One Minute. We traveled to Mexico City, Hidalgo, Oaxaca and Chiapas for two weeks of documenting various food stories.
The Most Expensive Pints of Ice Cream You Can Buy. High dollar and high quality 'super premium' products are showing up in our regular supermarket freezer sections.
5 Reasons Why Berlin Wins. Across the ocean, far away there lies a magical city that puts Brooklyn, San Francisco and all other major capitals of hip-ness to shame. Some call it paradise. Others the new Shangri-La. You can call it Berlin.
Should We Try Eating Bugs? (VIDEO). High in protein, vitamins and minerals, bugs are very healthy for you. So... should we?
A Holiday Experiment Gone Horribly Right. For as long as I can remember, the global turkey and ham conspiracies have worked hard to sell hundreds of millions of turkeys and hams to a populace convinced that the holidays are synonymous with these foods. This year, I had a flash of insight.
This Is What Restaurants Have To Deal With When It Comes To Dietary Restrictions. That's quite a list.
Vintage Salad Recipes That Make Healthy Eating Impossible. Behold, the worst salad recipes that history has to offer.
The Worst Coffee Creamer Flavors Of All Time (PHOTOS). Dear everyone, please just use milk.
How to Make the Best Scallion Pancakes. Makes 4 large flatbreads 1 teaspoon salt For the dough
21 Weird Foods You'll Serve In 2014. Your dinner plate is going global in 2014. While donuts are still high on our radar and increasingly used as sandwich bread
The Gratuity Gulf. The average restaurant-goer in the U.S. tips twice as much as their UK-foodie counterpart. So, why are Brits half as grateful (or demanding) as Americans when it comes to service?
Saint-\u00c9milion Grand Cru Class\u00e9. It is an area that has been growing grapes since Roman times and the source of some of the world's greatest Merlot and Cabernet Franc based wines.
7 Diets That Want Us To Hate Food. They need to be stopped.
What to Do with Leftover Wine. So you popped the cork on too many bottles this holiday season -- here's what to do with it.
Chains Kick Off 2014 With Healthy Foods. Many Americans greet the New Year with a resolution to be more healthful, and it appears some restaurant chains are doing the same. More poultry -- especially turkey -- is coming onto menus as the calendar turns over.
These Are a Few of My Favorite (Boozy) Things. Favorite Ridiculously Expensive Spirits
New Drinking Rules for 2014. We suggest you add these five spirited goals to your list.
Minton's and The Cecil Bring Jazz and Spice to Harlem. The robust new Harlem Restaurant Renaissance that includes Red Rooster, the 5 and Diamond, Corner Social and Vinateria has been joined and by by two important newcomers -- Minton's and its adjacent restaurant The Cecil
Homemade Caramel Made Right Every Time. A salted caramel always makes for the ideal winter fix. With a few tips from the BA Prep School, you can have homemade caramel candies in your dessert arsenal.
6 Foods That Speed up Your Metabolism. Strategize some meals with foods that are proven to help rev up your metabolism.
4 Recipes to Start Your New Years Cleanse. There's no way I'd survive a diet of dull foods, so I pack the cleanse with bold, fresh flavors.
This Year, We Resolve To Eat More Chocolate (PHOTOS). We love vegetables, but we've been neglecting our sweet tooth.
10 Cheeses You Are Probably Pronouncing Wrong (PHOTOS). Don't let a couple of crazy vowels stand between you and delicious cheese.
The 11 Best Barbecue and Grill Restaurants of 2013. if you're expecting me to say that barbecue just isn't what it used to be, guess again. It's better! A new generation of pit masters have -- choose your metaphor -- taken the tongs, relit the torch -- turning out smoked meats worthy of our barbecue founding fathers.
The Right Way to Store Cheese. If you're dropping a bundle on some curdled milk, you better make sure to keep it as fresh as possible for as long as possible.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Even the daintiest eaters can make a mess with a juicy burger.
The 25 Best Soups, In Order. Soup isn't just food, it's a statement of love. Pick a good one.
6 Real People Behind Your Favorite Food Brands. From Orville Redenbacher to Marie Callender, from Wendy's to Mrs. Fields.
What Your New Year's Resolution Salad Says About You (PHOTOS). The greens you plan to eat in 2014 can tell us a lot about you as a person.
Our Food And Cooking Resolutions To Make 2014 The Most Delicious Year Ever. Let's make this year the most delicious one ever!
Trend Report. Bacon, sriracha, Yelp, cronuts -- we think we're all about ready to move on.
The Secrets of Being Married to a Chef. If you're ready to drink the herbal infused Kool-Aid, allow me to give you some tips that will ensure a happy relationship for you and your culinary love. I'll also highlight some common misconceptions. There will be no recipes though.
Homemade Parmesan Tater Tots. Just because they aren't the fanciest doesn't mean they aren't delicious.
Toasting Etiquette. New Year's Eve is almost here, and many of us will be in charge of heralding in the New Year with a compulsory toast. Before you spend one more moment of time worrying about how you'll propose a toast, follow these tips and start the New Year off on the right foot.
The 8 Coolest Things I Did in 2013. This year a lot happened to the Accidental Locavore and in the spirit of a year-end round-up, here's a look back at some
The Best Airlines for First-Class Food. If you're going to splurge, well then, splurge, and enjoy a luxurious trip while flying on one of these airlines and delighting
Maria's Virgin Martini. A recent winter's night was the celebratory kind, the dinner after our last board meeting of the year. It's been a great
The 27 Types of Partiers You'll See on New Year's Eve. On any given night there're plenty of types of terrible people in bars, but NYE is a special powder keg.
10 Weird Facts About Christmas Foods. Here are some fun and weird facts about Christmas foods that might have you rethinking your own holiday menu and traditions
How to Saber a Bottle of Champagne. The key to making your party even more fabulous, even more memorable? Sabering champagne.
Blood Orange Chocolate Mousse. This chocolate mousse is explosive.  A total show-stopper.
9 Mind-Boggling Food Facts We Learned From Reddit. Intriguing, disturbing and awesome things about the foods and drinks we consume every day.
Rock Star Champagne Grower-Producers. Two stars of my Holiday Champagne Buyers Guide this year--Serge Mathieu and Chartogne-Taillet--are grower-producers whose
Top Food Trend Predictions For 2014. 2014 is going upscale, guys.
Taste Tested. When standing in front of a wide selection of frozen chicken fingers, the options can be overwhelming. But we've done the
How To Make Tiramisu Without A Recipe. A dessert with certain proportions, certain subtleties, it's a classic that's rarely messed with for good reason.
Sparkling Cocktails for New Year's Eve. Why not up the ante with a sparkling cocktail?
29 of the Best Food Photos From 2013. Editors and friends consumed a ton of meals in messy whirlwinds of unfettered gluttony.
The 34 Greatest Moments In Pizza History From 2013. This should be remembered as one of the best years ever for pizza.
What the Hell Is Persian Food? Here Are the Dishes You Should Know. Here are the dishes that every Persian knows and loves, so you can learn them.
Six Sparklers for $15 or Less To Pop On New Year's Eve. What's New Year's Eve without popping the cork on a bottle of bubbly?
How To Make Hot Chocolate Without A Recipe. Because being able to make hot chocolate with any kind of chocolate -- and any kind of dairy -- makes you a superhero this
20 New Year's Resolutions For The Foodie. What if foodies weren't horrible?
America's Best Hot Chocolate Mix. It's taste test time!
What Are Some Tips and Tricks for Getting Bigger Portion Sizes at Chipotle?. Ask for 1/2 Protein A and 1/2 Protein B. You only get charged for one portion of the more expensive protein. However, many places give you 3/4-1 scoop of A and B (essentially giving you double protein).
Kimberly Jones Purveys the Best Affordable Wines From France. Bristol Farms
7 Indispensable Tips for the Ultimate New Year's Eve Cocktail Party. Four words to help you take your New Year's Eve bash over the top
These Are the 16 Best Burgers of 2013. Twinkie, ramen, and Cronut buns. 2013 was more than a slightly ridiculous year in the burger creation game.
A Sweeter, More Savory Holiday Breakfast. 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened Maple Brown Sugar Glaze \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 1 tablespoon fresh sage, minced Photos by Tom Hirschfeld
Cooking Off the Cuff. I seasoned everything - more salt and pepper, plus thyme (rosemary or sage would have been other options) - and put the pan
Outrageously Awesome Gingerbread Displays. From a 17-foot gingerbread ship docked at The Ritz-Carlton to a life-size gingerbread house at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Conn., to a life-size gingerbread carousel at Disney's Yacht and Beach Club Resorts, The Daily Meal  has found the 12 most outrageous gingerbread displays of 2013.
Whole Wheat, Triple-Ginger Gingersnaps. If the holidays could be condensed into a single baked good, I think it would be a ginger snap.
What To Do When Cake Gets Stuck In The Pan (VIDEO). Few kitchen mishaps are as disheartening as when your cake gets stuck in the pan. You know you nailed the recipe, the house
Unique Holiday Desserts For Your Christmas Table. Your holiday dessert table will never be the same. Stretch the limits of your sweet tooth with these unique takes on Christmas
How Pie Birds Will Save Your Holiday Fruit Pie. Pie season is officially at peak season. Can you even recall a holiday party you've hosted or attended recently that didn't
27 Gorgeous, Celebratory Canap\u00e9 Recipes. There's always something to celebrate -- do so with something beautiful and delicious.
How To Fix Hardened Brown Sugar (VIDEO). You usually discover that your brown sugar has hardened around midnight, long after the kids are asleep and grocery stores
Taste Test. There are some days when you're celebrating a big promotion, or a victory, or a recent tax rebate, and you decide to splurge and pop open an expensive bottle of Champagne to celebrate. New Year's Eve is not one of those days.
What the Cookies You Leave for Santa Say About You. A few wrong selections and you could be sending the complete wrong message.
These Bread Lamps Are Making Us Feel Hungry And Cozy (PHOTOS). Love bread? Need a lamp? We've got you covered.
How to Make Chocolate Bark Without a Recipe. When it comes to candy making, there's nothing simpler or more satisfying than chocolate bark.
The Best Tex-Mex Chain Restaurants in America. The votes have been tabulated, and we are pleased to announce the 15 best Tex-Mex chain restaurants in America.
The Biggest Booze Stories of 2013. From a guide to kitschy tiki bars that are still open to 10 awesome distilleries that all drinkers should visit.
Make 'The Talk' With Your Guy More Productive. By Robert Manni for GalTime.com Let's face it. Guys don't like \the talk.\ In fact, most guys don't like discussing their
What The Heck Am I Eating? 9 Mysterious Christmas Foods Explained. Sugarplums, stollen, and Christmas pudding. What exactly are these foods? We're breaking it down for you.
Last-Minute (Boozy) Christmas Gifts. We're not going to lie; it's coming down to the wire if you're still searching for Christmas presents.
Winter Jack Tennessee Cider Is An Easy Way To Warm Up. Winter Jack is a cider-laced, cold weather warm-up in a cup.
We Bet You Forgot About The General Foods International Coffee Commercials (VIDEOS). What was his name? JEAN-LUC!
5 Gluten-free Healthy Winter Appetizers. This holiday season, satisfy your taste buds and impress your evening guests with these delicious and totally healthy starters.
The White Castle Slider-Scented Candle Is Back (PHOTO). In case you need to smell burger-y goodness all day long.
Castello di Gabbiano Among the Most Innovative Wineries in Tuscany. One of the oldest and best known Chianti Classicos is Castello di Gabbiano, whose label is recognizable from its parti-colored knight.
Managing Your Liquid Calories Over the Holidays. It's unrealistic to expect that you won't indulge more than usual over the holidays. Being mindful of what you consume, including what you drink, is one way you can stay on track with your weight management goals this holiday season.
Visions of Sugarplums Danced. I opened the large white carton with curiosity and anticipation, feeling very much like Pandora innocently opening the mysterious box only to release what should have stayed safely under lock and key. 'This could be my downfall,\ I breathed silently.
9 Actually Legit Reasons for Sending Food Back at a Restaurant. We've all been there
Homemade Holiday Recipes In 5 Steps Or Less. We all want to bring the best, most raved-about dishes to our holiday parties, which is why we often spend all day in the
How to Make the Perfect Boozy Punch for the Holidays. We love recipes -- but do we always use them? Of course not. Kenzi Wilbur shows us how to make boozy party punch with whatever is lingering in your liquor cabinet.
How To Shop Your House For Last-Minute Gifts (VIDEO). You forgot about the party. It happens. But that's no excuse to go empty handed. Watch this video to learn how to shop your
Last-Minute Gift Idea. If you're still working on your holiday shopping list and need a little help, check out this video for an easy DIY granola
Fun Holiday Apps For The Whole Family (VIDEO). Holiday fun goes mobile this year with awesome apps for families that put a modern spin on traditional activities. Check
6 New Year's Resolutions for Barbecue and Grilling Diehards. Everyone makes them. Everyone breaks them. I'm talking, of course, about New Year's resolutions, but if you're a die-hard barbecuer or griller, you have a leg up on the population at large.
10 DIY Teacher Gifts You Can Make In Mason Jars. If you're racking your brain to find the perfect teacher gift, sit the kids down for a little DIY action. All you need is
Eco-Friendly Holiday Tips. For many people, the holiday season is about more than just religion. It is a time to contemplate the morals we value as
Olio e Pi\u00f9 Is the Kind of Place Billy Joel Was Writing About. Everyone has an Italian restaurant you call your own, and, for its location, its warmth and conviviality and its wonderful food, Olio e Pi\u00f9
5 Last-minute Gifts For Hard-to-please Wine Lovers. You're stumped
The Best Ways to Spend Less When Dining Out. It takes a keen eye and a bit of restraint in order to decline the offerings and keep your costs low.
The Grinch Cake Is A Christmas Miracle For The Scrooges Among Us. Not feeling the holiday spirit? We think you should get cake anyway.
The Definitive Top 10 IPAs, as Chosen by a Hopped-up Panel of Beer Writers. The IPA is the once and current king of craft brews.
Getting Over That Seasonal Slump. So, maybe it's not the season itself, but the little things that don't happen during these darker months. Without lots of
What to Eat With What in Argentina. Winter is coming to the United States, which means summer is coming to Argentina.
In the Spirit of the Season. The Garards began organizing other wine events under the name Grapes for Great Causes. The Garards absorb the events' administrative
The Must-Read Food Articles Of 2013. In case you missed these pieces earlier this year, now is your time to catch up!
The Last Minute Scotch Whisky Gift Guide. OK, so it's eleven whiskies for $150 or less -- I had to include a high-priced ringer in case you're feeling flush and/or generous.
What Christmas Dinner Is Like, According To Stock Photos. So many turkeys. So many headless women.
Holiday Gift Guide. Facing a wall of malts can be very stressful. How do you find the perfect present?
Video. More from Liquor.com
Drink Your Way Through Christmas. We've put together a drinking plan that goes from Christmas Eve through the end of the holiday! It's our gift to you.
The 12 Cocktails of Christmas. We've been celebrating the 25 Cocktails of Christmas by posting a festive holiday cocktail recipe each day in the month of December.
The Restaurant At Meadowood's 12 Days Of Christmas Photos Make Us Want To Eat Everything Immediately. So chefs David Chang, Andy Ricker and Carlo Mirarchi walk into a bar... While the event ain't cheap (reservations start at
Bad News. Don't panic, let us explain.
Stay Classy With These Anchorman 2 Cocktails. Get ready for a trip to Pleasure Town.
26 Eating Habits Of People Living On A Tight Budget. Ramen, mac & cheese, and free office snacks. These are food necessities when you're eating on a serious budget.
Clafoutis Recipes That Demonstrate Why It Kind Of Sounds Like 'Cloud Fruity' (PHOTOS). It's not a coincidence that it kind of sounds like 'cloud fruity.'
Candied Orange Peel. Candied citrus peel is among the simplest, least expensive, and most beautiful such gifts.
A How the Grinch Stole Christmas! Menu and Party Plan. Gather your favorite little Whos for a holiday party in homage to the Dr. Seuss Christmas classic.
The 25 Products You Can't Cook (or Live) Without. These are the exceptional ingredients that are inspiring our cooking -- and drinking -- and solving dinner dilemmas left and right.
Retro Holiday Foods We're Glad Are History (PHOTOS). Some things we'll just never understand.
How to Make Buche de Noel. Welcome in the holiday season with this traditional French cake.
Christmas Cocktails That Put An Eggnog In A Corner. It's Christmas. Show a little effort.
Cooking Off the Cuff. The simplicity of this dish is striking. It is just cooked beans on a plate topped with a piece of fish.
The Grilled Cheese You Need (PHOTOS). This isn't so much a recipe as it is a discussion because let's face it, we're not reinventing the wheel over here -- we're making grilled cheese, which is exactly that... melted cheese on toast. We're not going to toss around some ridiculous food jargon like \artisanal\ or \organic,\ because trust me, there's nothing \guilt-free\ about this.
Clams Oreganata. The Christmas Eve meal is all about eating fish -- seven different kinds in fact.
Create Something New in the Kitchen. Some limits and concrete scope are good for the innovator, culinary and non-culinary alike.
The Perfect Holiday Pecan Pie. It's the ideal pie for me when I have a dozen other holiday dishes that need to be made.
These Are the 33 Best New Bars in America. Here are the greatest, booziest bars that opened in the U.S. in 2013.
Bone Marrow at Home. Bone marrow has grown in popularity at restaurants across the country.
Santa the Salesman. Sure, his alias is St. Nick, but don't be fooled by the ho-ho-hos.
We Regret To Inform You That The Toilet Mug Exists (PHOTO). This is probably a sign that the end is near.
Seven Fishes for Seven Dishes. Four dishes done, three more to go. The feast of seven fishes, can become quite a show. Along the way, things could get bumpy
Delicious Homemade Holiday Gift Ideas. This year, in lieu of store-bought gifts, I thought it would be fun to create homemade treats for friends and family.
7 Food Typos That Make Us Cringe. Please, for the love of all that is holy, let's stop this madness.
Top 5 Tastes. Behold, 5 delicious things that warmed my soul and filled my tummy.
What Do You Eat For Christmas Dinner? (POLL). For a holiday so steeped in tradition, we really can't agree on what to eat for dinner.
Cameron Diaz's Secret Weakness. A good Cuban meal cooked by my mom. If I can't get that, there's a hole-in-the-wall Cuban place in New York that I love. I'd
Gourmet Macaroni and Cheese. This macaroni and cheese recipe is awash with comforting Iberian flavors -- deep, rich, full tastes that put the \heart\ in hearty.
Beet Bellini With Pickled Ginger. Beets might be a vegetable, but they are inherently sweet and lend themselves marvelously to this Bellini.
What The Hell Is In Eggnog, Anyway? (PHOTOS). Eggs, probably... right?
The Best Pizza Chains in America. Pizza is one of the most widely eaten foods in the country, and it's easy to see why.
How to Make Creme Brulee. Grab your torches. We're making cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e.
\Healthified\ Holiday Party Recipes. It's that time of year
The Christmas Dish. Imagine the looks on your family's faces when you walk out of the kitchen carrying a whole steaming pumpkin.
5 Common Cookie Mistakes. Milk can't save you from turning up at a holiday party with tough, flat or, worse, fugly cookies.
Traditional Red Berry Holiday Trifle Recipe. Your holiday table is where new traditions meet old and there's no better place to express that moment than in your menu
Easy Mini-Meals You Can Make In A Muffin Tin. The holidays consume so much of our brains this time of year, especially since this season feels rushed thanks to a late
10 Things You Eat All the Time That Could Poison You. Don't worry, getting poisoned by them is gonna take some effort.
12 Foods The Internet Made Famous In 2013. From kale to cronuts, the biggest food crazes of 2013.
5 Ridiculously Awesome Food-Themed Christmas Ornaments. We don't mean those huge blow-up lawn ornaments or those questionably colored Christmas lights.
Here's Where You Can Drink In Public In America (INFOGRAPHIC). The best bar in America isn't a bar at all. It's the great outdoors.
You've Been Making Your Sandwiches All Wrong (VIDEO). \And BOOM, check it out, meat hanging out of your sandwich.\
Donut Flavors, In Order From Worst To Best (PHOTOS). Which flavor is your favorite?
Chef Christina Tosi of Momofuku Milk Bar Shares Holiday Traditions, a Cookie Recipe, and Free Cookies!. Just in time for the holidays, I asked the revered pastry chef about her holiday traditions.
7 Things You Need to Know About Made-From-Scratch Barbecue Rubs. Stumped on what to buy that barbecue fanatic on your holiday list?
The Must-Read Cookbooks Of 2013. The perfect cookbook for all kinds of eaters.
Booze-gifting. Get into the holiday spirit and send some fabulous packages all tied up with strings.
The 8 Best Healthy Holiday Finger Foods. I thought it wise for all you conscientious party throwers out there to know about some healthier options.
Find. Eat. Drink.'s Holiday Food Gift Guide. Here are chef-recommended ideas for online food gifts from Find. Eat. Drink. that you can have delivered to your doorstep
What Holiday Food Looks Like Around The World. The end-of-year holiday-season... is a time to spend with the people you love the most and to enjoy delicious food.
15 Cupcakes That Need To Calm Down Immediately (PHOTOS). There are things that cupcakes do not need to be made of.
Can You Figure Out Which Bizarre Restaurants Are Real? (QUIZ). Think you've heard them all? Think again.
10 Food Christmas Gifts to Avoid Like the Plague. 10. Waring Pro Blender
5 Things You Didn't Know About Eggnog. For all the drama around this holiday drink, I'll bet you don't know the first thing about its origins.
Poppin' Fruity Pebbles. Who wouldn't want candy for breakfast?
5 Best Wine Diva Holiday Gifts. Why the name Big Girl Sippy Cups?\u00a0 \You can put any kind of big girl beverages in it and no one will know,\ says Anna.\u00a0 They've
How to Make (Almost) Perfect Ice at Home. Tell us
This Restaurant Only Does Grilled Cheese, and It's Awesome [VIDEO]. Is there any better concept for an eatery?
Make-ahead Holiday Cookies. Mix, roll, freeze, slice, decorate, and gift the season's crispiest, crumbliest, most delicious treats before the holidays even begin.
The 4 Knives Every Home Cook Must Own. From slicing a pork loin to dicing a pineapple, knowing how to work with knives is critical to success in the kitchen.
Wild Mushroom Confit With Garlic and Fresh Herbs. So delicious, deep and aromatic, you might want to eat the whole batch in one go.
23 Food Things Only Chinese-American Kids Would Understand. You really just can't be a picky eater if you want to gain any respect from your elders. There are chicken feet on the table!
Interview With Dessert Queen Janice Wong. Asia's Best Pastry Chef talks about being a woman in the restaurant business, Dim Sum, and pairing chocolate with caviar.
Jon Bonn\u00e9's The New California Wine. The style is crisp and compelling, as is the case with Jon's Chronicle features.
What I Learned in One Lunch at Zuni Caf\u00e9. For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I'm not going to name names, or name-drop, but let me
How To Stock Your Pantry For Unexpected Guests (VIDEO). Knowing how to be prepared for the unexpected is one of the hallmarks of a great hostess. During the holidays, you might
How To Make The Perfect Grilled Cheese (VIDEO). Grilled cheese is one of life's great comfort foods. Warm and stringy, it's best served right off the grill. Watch Chef Stuart
Video. This warm and comforting classic cocktail will cure what ails you.
9 DIY Foodie Gifts That Practically Make Themselves. 'Tis the season for giving -- and accumulating random coffee mugs and paper weights. While it is the thought that counts
The Best Mobile Apps For Organizing Coupons (VIDEO). Even if you're not a practiced couponista, you've probably got a pile of coupons swimming at the bottom of your purse now
15 Ways To Instantly Upgrade Your Hot Chocolate (PHOTOS). Happy Hot Cocoa Day, everyone!
The 10 Best Christmas Cocktails. Looking for the best Christmas cocktails? You've found them.
Foods From the '90s We Wish Still Existed. It seems like the '90s were full of products that came and went.
Gift For Winos. Probably the best way to wear wine all over your face.
The Top 10 Food Videos Of The Year Are Really Weird, Guys (VIDEOS). How to scramble eggs in a sock? Sure. How to make nerdy cakes? Not so much.
The 33 Best New Restaurants in America. Here they are (with a neat checklist) in all their gastronomical glory.
'M&M's Mega' To Have Three Times More Chocolate. (There's A LOT more chocolate!)
Cooking Off the Cuff. I think this -- along with the risotto-like pasta technique -- is actually a way to improve on a classic that is just so close to perfect.
15 Times Dill Stole The Show (RECIPES). Sorry, other herbs. Today is dill's day.
Holiday Gifts for the Food Lover and Cook. How about something edible or even better? Let's put a little oomph and pizzazz into the gift giving this season.
Scotch Eggs, Made at Home. Like a colorful, prancing, song-singing unicorn, there is objectively nothing not to love about a Scotch egg.
'Sriracha' Documentary Debuts Online. Hot sauce fans rejoice!
All We Want For Christmas Is A Homemade Twinkie Machine (PHOTO). Think green tea Twinkies. Cinnamon Twinkies. Dulce de leche Twinkies!
The 10 Best Holiday Party Dips Of All Time, In Order (PHOTOS). It's holiday party season. Get your dip game in order.
German Lebkuchen. Here is a hint
Why Biscochitos Are The Lard Cookie Your Christmas Needs. These were the first state cookie ever designated in America, so you know they're good.
The Most Cutting-Edge Restaurants in the World. These are places where it's not just the food that is cutting-edge.
Practicing Dessert Awareness. No one likes to miss out on a special dessert.  Practicing dessert awareness can help with this not-so-serious issue.
The Worst Things You Monsters Are Eating On Public Transportation. Don't be one of these monsters!
What Your Favorite Cheese Says About You (PHOTOS). Are you trustworthy? Would you be a good employee? Should someone marry you?
11 Ways You've Been Eating Your Food All Wrong (VIDEOS). You probably don't know how to eat apples, peel bananas, or properly use takeout boxes. Shame on you.
Chocolate Coconut Pecan Bars. The ingredients that adorn the top -- dark chocolate, coconut, and pecans -- provide satisfying zip as you bite into a serving.
How to Make a Zillion Cookies in One Oven With Two Cookie Sheets. You should know exactly how to break the most common rule of cookie making.
So Olive Garden Has an 'Italiano Burger' Now, and We Taste-Tested It. In its continuing effort to spread the love of authentic Italian cooking to the American masses, Olive Garden is making ... a burger.
Afternoon Tea for Two or 20 Is the Coziest Way to Celebrate the Holiday Season. Long before Downton Abbey made tea time trendy on-screen or Starbucks got into the tea business, the women in my family began one of its most beloved holiday traditions.
Three Facts You Need to Know About Sparkling-Wine Pairing for the Holidays. Those bubbles are so festive, we toast our hearts out with them, then abandon the flutes in favor of still wine when dinner appears.
The 14 Dumbest Things Meat Eaters Have To Deal With. How does that joke go? \How can you tell if someone is a vegan/vegetarian? Don't worry, they'll tell you.\ Of course, not
The 11 Most Controversial Food Screwups Of 2013. We're cringing about what 2014 might bring.
There Is A 'Settlers Of Catan' Cookbook And We Need It (PHOTO). NERD ALERT.
'Chinese' Food You Won't Find in China. We've gathered together 10 dishes, along with their origins, that you'd be hard-pressed to find in China.
Martha Stewart's 9 Booziest Tips For Getting Drunk On Eggnog. With enough denial, alcohol and fat can cancel each other out.
5 Food Jargon Words You Absolutely Need to Know. Here's a cheat sheet of the phrases aspiring food entrepreneurs shouldn't be without.
Holiday Roast. Roasting requires only a few simple steps that will ensure a delicious end result every time.
Holiday Cheese Pairing Tips From Madame Fromage. How could everyone not love a woman of the curd?
The Best and Worst of Burgers in 2013. In a very difficult year for restaurants of all types, burger joints are doing just fine, thank you.
VIDEO. For more food drink and travel videos visit www.potluckvideo.com Americans like to assume that Maine lobster is the only
Butter Cookies With Dried Cranberries and Roasted Pecans. The inspiration for this recipe arose a few years ago, when my mother-in-law gave me a huge bag of freshly picked pecans. I was absolutely delighted of course, but wondered what I would end up making with all these pecans.
7 Secrets to the Ultimate Prime Rib for the Holidays. Overcook a prime rib, and your reputation as a grill master will combust faster than the Yule log.
Top Argentine Wines for the Holidays. With the winter holidays coming up, it's a great time to stock up on wine. Argentine wines are meant for sharing and celebrating, so there are plenty to fit the bill. Here are some of our favorite pairings.
Crispy Homemade Zucchini Chips. Enjoy the last few days of summer with these addictive zucchini chips! I've given you an easy yogurt dip recipe to go with
Sultry Maple Pots de Creme. Imagine how impressed your dinner party guests would be to have their own mini Chicken Fajita Casserole served in these sweet
Flexible Cuisine With Elena Brower. Recently, after a trip from a New York City Persian restaurant Elena realized she had she could use to make a delicious and healthy meal for four.
The 'Wake-Up Cup' Wakes Up As You Do (PHOTO). In case you can't handle anything too perky before you've had coffee.
Food Fear and Self-Loathing in Santaland. This is the time of year when abundance and dread bleed together ominously under shiny paper wrappings.
25 Food Things Only A New Mexican Would Understand (PHOTOS). It's not ALL about green chile -- just mostly.
Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls with Orange Cream Cheese Icing. Cinnamon rolls like you have never seen them before
Three Great Books for Lovers of France (and Food). If you have a francophile on your gift-giving list, you're in luck. This year saw three terrific new books that celebrate the country where \good Americans go when they die.\
Elegance and Finesse. These days, following the family's reacquisition of the house in 2006, I believe the quality of Taittinger's current offerings is at an all time high.
The 44 Worst People in Every Restaurant. The Communal Dining Thief
The Legacy of Prohibition on Wine 80 Years Later. Can't get wine shipped to your house?  Blame it on Prohibition.  Can't buy wine on Sunday?  Another legacy of Prohibition.
The Farmers' Market Cookbook. The main clue to pear ripeness is color. Most pears show a faint yellow background when ready. Anjou and other green ones should give slightly under pressure. Once ripe, the pear's flavor deteriorates quickly.
15 Recipes That'll Change Your Mind About Meatloaf. We're here to change your perception of meatloaf.
Should I Eat This Food In The Office Fridge? A Helpful Flowchart. We designed a flow-chart to help you navigate this complex situation.
5 Liquors We Wish Were Still Prohibited. Happy Repeal Day, everyone!
20 Times Winter Squash Kicked Summer Squash's Butt. Look who's awesome now, summer squash.
10 Things You've Got Completely Wrong About Prohibition. You didn't always use a password to get into a speakeasy.
'Best Bars In America' Shows You How To Get Drunk And Bowl In Someone's House (VIDEO). Milwaukee seems like a really, really great place to drink beer straight out of the pitcher.
The Best Donuts in America. There are few treats that are more delicious  than a freshly fried donut.
Crostini With Ricotta, Truffle Honey and Smoked Salts. Four ingredients
5 Great Alternatives to Sancerre. What's your favorite white wine?
10 Food Trends to Watch. We're going to live in a world with Coke robots, apparently.
5 Outrageous Candy Cane Flavors. Whatever happened to keeping with tradition?
Even More Denmark. Danes are making our holidays sweeter than ever. Jeppe Jarnit-Bjergs\u00f8, in particular, is brewing up some celebratory specials.
Cooking With Power Tools for the Holidays. Sitting back and enjoying the spoils is the best part, but why not make cooking more interesting, too?
Struffoli. Some buy it; some make it. In any event, the tradition is kept alive.
Amazing, Cheap Gifts For Food People That Are Under $10 (GIFT GUIDE). You love your friends, but you're not made of money!
Celebrate Repeal Day And Made-in-New York Spirits Together. What better way to toast the 80th anniversary of Repeal than with a glass of something locally made?
The Power of the Pea. Somehow even my fussiest friends seem to scoop up that tasty snack, emptying the bowl in what seems like seconds.
Holiday Snowball Cookies. Snowball cookies are a holiday treat that are traditionally baked in my home and left for Santa Claus under the tree on Christmas Eve.
Cooking Off the Cuff. This is probably the easiest of all apple pies/tarts to assemble and bake. It is also one of the half dozen best.
19 Popular Vegetarian Foods, Ranked From Worst To Best. Once you go vegetarian, beans, soy and every single vegetable in the entire world become your best friends.
Top 5 Tastes. Turkey quickly segues into decoratively iced cookies, eggnog and ham, and before we know it, January 2nd rolls around, and the champagne toasts turn to champagne bloats. But let's rejoice! It's just the beginning, and stuffing, lobster bisque and some eggplant pizza are getting me on track!
Haika's Secret to Incredibly Flaky Piecrust. What?! It's that easy? Every \professional\ recipe I've seen calls for chilled butter and ice water. I've done a decent job
Christmas Cookies, Ranked In Order From Worst To Best. Spritz cookies might as well be obliterated from the face of the earth.
Ron Burgundy Is Finally Getting His Own Scotch, 'Great Odin's Raven' (PHOTO). It's called \Great Odin's Raven Special Reserve,\ and there's a chance it might be real.
8 Hot Drinks To Make In Your Slow Cooker For The Holidays. Just hearing about the snow storm that has complicated Thanksgiving travel has us dreaming of steamy hot drinks to warm our
5 Turkey Glaze Recipes For Thanksgiving Dinner. A glazed turkey will be the star of your Thanksgiving holiday dinner this year. Sweet and syrupy or with a garlic or citrus
How To Thaw Your Thanksgiving Turkey (VIDEO). Planning to make your Thanksgiving perfect? Don't forget one little thing
How To Open A Can Without A Can Opener (VIDEO). Who do we trust with these kinds of questions? Russian zombie survivalists, that's who.
The Ultimate Breakfast Sausage Taste Test. Along with bacon, breakfast sausage is an indispensable part of any hearty breakfast.
Cookies Are Crazy. It's Science. (VIDEO). It's science.
What The Amount You Tip Says About You. Your tipping etiquette isn't just a representation of your inner self.
How to Use a Chemex. Today
Your Post-Thanksgiving Detox Diet. Overindulging on Thanksgiving is unavoidable, but feeling bloated and puffy doesn't have to be. If Black Friday isn't enough
How To Make Char Siu Pork Better Than A Restaurant (VIDEO RECIPE). No bottled char siu sauce required.
Why We're So Over Sriracha (And 9 Other Foods We Never Want To See Again). Because we've had enough already!
10 Common Food Terms That Have Lost All Meaning. Fancy some sustainable, artisan chicken with a side of seasonal, gourmet greens?
5 Strange New Ways to Use Red Wine. Have you ever thought what else you can use red wine for?
Mastering Boeuf Bourguignon. Whatever you think of Julia Child (and I'm a huge fan), it's always fascinating to make one of the recipes from the book. They're smart, well written, well edited and even when they start to get complicated, make sense.
Martha Stewart Might Think You're Copping Out. Martha's favorite cakes, what her social media habits are, and what she actually thinks of bloggers.
15 Things You Didn't Know About Five Guys Burgers And Fries. According to the official website, there are over 250,000 possible ways to order a burger at Five Guys.
Top 29 New International Burger Bars of 2013. It has never been truer that everybody loves a good burger.
The Best Buffalo Wings in America. From a lunch counter in Brooklyn manned by two guys from Buffalo to a sports bar in Little Rock.
Thanksgiving Dinner Reincarnated as the Best Turkey Hash Recipe. Remarkably, 88 out of 100 people in the U.S. eat turkey on Thanksgiving Day, according to the National Turkey Foundation. So you can safely conclude 88 people out of 100 will be hungering for leftovers on Black Friday, formerly known as The-Day-After-Thanksgiving.
Use a Scale, Dummy!. But isn't that what measuring cups are for? For all these years we've been getting along just fine using those dinky cups and spoons, right. Why start now?
I Think Wheat Bellies Are Sexy. The important thing is not \Will this make me fat or help me lose weight?\ The thing of importance, and it's very important, is
Post-feast Quinoa Salad Makes Thrifty Use of Thanksgiving Leftovers. It's a delicious way to use a few extra cups of roasted vegetables from your Thanksgiving dinner. My recipe uses three key Cook for Good ideas that can help you sail through the holidays.
A Cream Puff, Fried Clams & Dumplings. What I did always notice about my Dad was something of a fixation on food. At the very end all he really wanted was Haagan Daaz Coffee Ice Cream which was somehow appropriate for a kid who never got all the sweets he wanted growing up.
Etsy Coffee Gifts For The Nerdiest Coffee Nerd You Know (PHOTOS). If they love coffee so much, why don't they marry it?
Escarole and Pomegranate Salad. Once my nephew had a girlfriend from Spain. For the holidays, they brought an escarole and pomegranate salad to dinner that
4 Reasons Marshmallows Need To Get The F*** Away From Our Sweet Potatoes. Why this annual abomination has to go.
The Perfect Gift For Every Drink Lover. We've all got a drink lover in our life
Mashed Potato Strategies. Today's mashed potatoes are the glue that holds any feast together -- we'd just rather they didn't taste like glue.
What Your Favorite Thanksgiving Food Says About You. Gravy
Golden Galette Tops the List of All-time Favorite Potato Recipes. Honestly, I like these veggies; but I would lie down on the train tracks for a potato gratin, a plate of crispy fingerlings, or a slice of Golden Gruy\u00e8re Potato Galette.
9 Reasons Everyone Needs To Stop Worrying About Vegetarians On Thanksgiving. Don't worry, Thanksgiving is still pretty awesome for vegetarians.
10 Healthy Tips for the Holla-days. You've been working hard and watching your diet. You've been on top of your exercise game, hitting the gym, getting your walk on and taking your fitness classes. Then the holiday season pops up and you go H.A.M. and all that hard work and discipline goes out the door. Sound familiar?
Watch Martha Stewart And Snoop Dogg Make Mashed Potatoes (VIDEO). Consider this your emergency Thanksgiving stress survival kit.
Thanksgiving With the Mondavis. I have enjoyed the recent vintages of Charles Krug, Continuum and Michael Mondavi Family Wines that I've sampled, and look forward to tasting and reporting on those projects further as well as on what the fourth generation is up to.
6 Ways to Fancy Up Your Pies. There are tons of ways to take your pie up a notch, without even straying too far from the basics.
The Oldest Continuous Farmers' Market in America. Lucia and I shivered as the market was opening up. But soon we warmed up by eating wood-fired pizza (yes, for breakfast!). The
Stocking Up on Seasonal Superfoods. Oyster mushrooms are full of antioxidants, as well as zinc, calcium, folic acid, potassium, and B vitamins. High in fiber
What The Hell Am I Eating, Yams Or Sweet Potatoes? Here's How To Tell. Clarification
In Living Color. Sasha Duerr was a painter, but something in her oil paints was making her sick. She looked to the natural world and found a rich bounty of color that artificially produced paints couldn't begin to duplicate.
Escarole, Farro, and Chicken Soup. I'd been craving escarole in soup for years--hence the long search for organic escarole. There's just something about escarole
The 10 Mistakes Keeping You From Making The Most Perfect Mashed Potatoes Ever. Though mashed potatoes seem simple, they're actually pretty finicky, and surprisingly easy to destroy.
Honoring Our Heritage. My grandmother was one of my greatest influences. Some of my fondest memories are of us in the garden, drawing string lines
Turkey-Shaped Pumpkin Challah for Thanksgivukkah. My mash-up recipe of choice is subtle and fun
Thanksgiving. Stuffing and where you cook it is one of the most potentially contentious topics within family Thanksgiving traditions.
10 Holiday Gifts for Bar and Drink Aficionados. We've put together a list of 10 gift ideas for the bar and drink aficionados in your life and save you a trip to the store at the same time.
Thanksgiving Wines. Of course there will be beer, but if you're not a big fan (no pun intended), I find wine the perfect way to enjoy a game or two.
Sugar-spun Dreams. 
From Cocktails to Dessert. This simple yet elegant menu can be made mostly ahead of time, so you can enjoy a stress-free, happy Thanksgiving!
Ridiculously Silly Turkey Swag From The Darkest Corners Of Etsy (PHOTOS). You people really love turkey hats, it turns out.
What Babies Eat Around the World. From khichdi in India to chili powder in Mexico, here is our list of 5 first foods that babies around the world go \goo goo gaga\ over.
Who Put Hazelnuts in My Chocolate? The History of Nutella. Is there really any difference between Nutella and its pricier, small-batch counterparts?
These Are the 33 Best Dive Bars in America. Sometimes you want to sit in the dark, watching people playing video poker. Or see a fight.
Cranberry Heaven. Whether you're making your own or using a canned variety, here's one way to spice up your cranberry sauce.
Don't Pig Out -- Veg Out for the Holidays. Can I make this \once in a lifetime event\ a time to share the fun and warmth of the holidays and still maintain a healthy diet?
Notes Toward a Philosophy of Breakfast. With breakfast, Plato got it wrong. Or, perhaps, just backwards. He said the ascending order was thing, then representation
Maple-glazed Pan-roasted Brussels Sprouts With Chestnuts. Sweet, nutty and slightly crunchy, they're intensely flavorful tiny packages.
Double Dip Apple Pie. Try out this pie and we promise it will be the hit of your Thanksgiving dessert table.
Here's How Much Butter It Takes For An All-Paula Deen Thanksgiving. We're going into butter overdrive.
Fork in the Road. French toast can't be too eggy, yogurt can't be too watery, the milk can't be one degree away from ice-box cold.
Does This Thanksgiving Cake Make You Hungry Or Ruin Your Appetite?. Love it or hate it, this cake definitely wins points for creativity.
Asian Girl in the Kitchen. When I would see my mother mix soy sauce and sugar into a marinade to pour over well-marbled slabs of short ribs, I knew something good had happened.
Top 10 Kitchen Gadgets. Check out GAYOT.com's Top 10 Kitchen Gadgets to help streamline your most difficult and mundane tasks.
Healthy, Lump-free Mushroom Gravy With Surprise Ingredient. Serve it for Thanksgiving or Christmas as an alternative to turkey gravy.
All About Pie Fats. It's not unusual for us to ask each other, \What's your favorite fat?\ around here.
The Best Little Winery You've Never Heard of. Having lived in Napa for nine years, and having been a wine lover for many years before that, I've done a fair share of wine tasting. I have yet to taste a flight where every wine was fabulous. Until last weekend.
The Fusion of a Lifetime. To squeeze everything we can out of this big opportunity, here are a few ways to make your Thanksgiving/ Hanukkah mash up a \Channu-copia\ of great-tasting fun!
Festive Foods For A Hanukkah Celebration. There are 8 nights of Hanukkah and EVEN WE can only eat so many latkes and jelly doughnuts.
Holiday and Hostess Cookbooks and Wine Books. Wherever you are spending the holidays this year, it is always a nice touch to walk through the door with a gift for your host.
Mashed Potatoes With Garlic Confit. The result? Creamy, guilt-free mashed potatoes with the subtle and rich flavor of garlic confit. I call that something to celebrate!
Defiant Whisky Is The First One We've Ever Wanted To Drink Straight. Its name is Defiant and we are in love.
9 Gifts for Your Grill Fanatic Guaranteed NOT to Be Regifted. If someone you know would be pleased with a lump of (char)coal in his or her stocking -- someone who loves live-fire cooking -- read on.
Best Vegan Chocolate Chip Banana Bread. There is no fancy cake or pastry that this humble loaf can't beat, for brunch or for snack.
East 12th Osteria by Any Other Name Would Be Just as Amazing. Just noshing on the housemade bread and grissini sticks is reason enough to come by.
How To Make An Entire Thanksgiving Dinner In A Crock Pot (Almost) (PHOTOS). Okay, well almost.
8 Things You Didn't Know About Subway. For example, did you know that its founder, Fred DeLuca, started the company when he was only 17 years old?
Rock My World -- Matcha White Chocolate Cake With Hibiscus Cream. The cake reflects my desire to skip ahead to December, taking a break from baking pies.
Top 10 Thanksgiving Restaurants in the U.S.. Tired of spending your holiday cooking and cleaning? Why not dine out this Thanksgiving?
8 Tips For Cooking With Kids When School's Out. A day off from school can be a blessing or curse depending on when you catch a mom. After friends have gone home and the
5 Gulf Coast Thanksgiving Fusion Recipes. Thanksgiving may be a national holiday but New England's stronghold on the menu has existed since 1621. If you remember your
How To Make Homemade Sourdough Bread And Compound Butter. Bread might be one of the more perfect foods, managing to feel essential and indulgent all at once. It survives trends and
Thanksgiving Makeover. Just because the Pilgrims spent a week gorging themselves at the first Thanksgiving celebration doesn't mean we have to over
Soups Hearty Enough For A Main Course. Soup can make you healthier, smarter and prettier. We've all heard of soup's ability to fight colds, but can it really make
Not Your Ordinary Beer and Wine Options for Thanksgiving. Why not wipe the cutting board clean and take a whole new look at what's worth pouring?
5 Foods You Are Probably Storing Incorrectly Right Now. What stuff are you firm about keeping in the fridge regardless of the rules?
15 Food Things Only A Jewish Kid Would Understand (PHOTOS). You know the difference between sinkers and floaters, and which one you prefer.
Pretzel Challah for Hanukkah. If it's a good squishy loaf, I can eat it all in one sitting. And, please, hold the crust.
The Sad Truth About Your Thanksgiving Turkey. Big birds don't always mean better birds. We've super-sized our domesticated turkeys, giving them health problems along with
It's Rough Out Here in These Eggnog-Filled Streets. Yo I need to speak on something that's been bothering me for a minute... and I'm sure it's bothering many of y'all reading this
How to Cocktail Video. The 9 Best Bloody Mary Recipes The very first definition for \cocktail\ ever published, way back in 1806, calls it \a stimulating
6 Fascinating Food Facts You Never Saw Coming (PHOTOS). How much chocolate is lethal for humans?
Food Informants. What will Frito-Lay's next-big-thing be?
These Disturbing Fast Food Truths Will Make You Reconsider Your Lunch. What's a McDonald's burger look like after it's been in someone's pocket or 14 years? You'd be surprised.
Best Indian Restaurants in the U.S. (PHOTOS). Indian restaurants have come a long way from the mid-1960s, when the first significant wave of immigrants arrived.
Gourmet Mouse Traps. The culinary expectations of mice are on the rise -- don't expect these rodents to get out of bed for less than truffle mac and cheese.
These Restaurants Serve Only One Thing. From meatballs to biscuits, no dish is safe.
Celebrate Thanksgivukkah Correctly With A Deep-Fried Turkey (VIDEO). It's Hanukkah and Thanksgiving, so we really only have one choice. We're deep-frying that sucker.
Thanksgiving. The pilgrims drank wine, the Indians drank wine, and you should drink it too.
Meep's Cranberry Sauce With Maple Syrup and Chia Seeds. Unless you are a member of Congress, this recipe is difficult to screw up.
'Foodies' Documentary Features Obsessed Eaters (VIDEO). \Champagne goes with everything.\ Right, but...
Hold Onto Your Hats. Dylan's Candy Bar made you Candy Crush Candies (that sentence made our brains sugar-crash).
6 Weird Things You Never Knew About Cranberries. ook around you and notice how all those pumpkin-spice based foods are vanishing and being replaced with something else
How To De-Seed A Pomegranate In 3 Seconds, Like A Pervert. Yes, you read that correctly.
Morocco in Three Minutes. This incredible country has a lot more than tagines, spice markets and mint tea... although it has those too.
Let's Drink Already. Wes Mickel honors the great tradition of the beverage he's sharing with the world.
Healthy Thanksgiving Recipe. After three years of blogging about food I thought it was time to get in front of the camera and film my first video recipe.
Cooking off the Cuff. Boy, that was one big cauliflower Jackie and I hauled back from the farmers' market a couple of weeks ago.
Top 10 Spirits Money Can Buy. If money were no object, what would you drink?
Two Reasons You Should Always Truss Your Turkey. Sure, it looks beautiful, but properly tying up your bird also helps promote even cooking by achieving uniform density.
Homemade Sweet Potato Chips. Laura Wright from The First Mess walks us through the ins and outs of homemade sweet potato chips.
Beefing up in Mendoza. Americans may say \A day without orange juice is like a day without sunshine\ but the Argentineans say, \A day without beef is unthinkable!\
The Top 6 Reasons 'Real' Men Don't Cook. I am constantly surprised at how many men still actively avoid the kitchen.
Party Like It's 2013 With Thanksgivukkah Recipes (PHOTO). It won't happen again for another 70,000 years. It's go-time for Thanksgiving/Hanukkah mash-ups.
The 7 Best Vegetarian Thanksgiving Recipes. For all of you out there struggling with what to put on the turkey day table that's not turkey, I put together a list of dishes that my ideal vegetarian Thanksgiving dinner would include. Bring on the creamed spinach and sweet potatoes.
The Redemption of Beaujolais Nouveau. Good stuff exists. Here's where to get it, and what it means to drink it.
Hostess Gifts. The holidays can be a flurry of social engagements, with invitations for cocktail parties, dinner parties, and Holiday and Christmas parties all starting to roll in. And since you're a thoughtful guest, you know not to arrive empty-handed when invited into someone's home.
Sausage, Potato and Cabbage Soup. Sometimes a very simple, easy, healthy, and wholesome soup is what's required--for lunch, for dinner, or for breakfast! (My
An Exclusive Look Inside Duff Goldman's Kitchen.. And Mind (VIDEO). By Laura Williams Are you a Duff fan? Share your favorite Ace of Cakes moment with us on Facebook. So yes, he is \that cool
One Thing to Complete Your Thanksgiving Table. What were the flowers at the first Thanksgiving?
The Best Store-Bought Stuffing Money Can Buy. These are ranked based on taste, texture, and appearance.
Thanksgiving Side Dishes, In Order From Worst To Best. How did your favorite dish rank?
Ice Cream Plus Fall Equals Comfort. Just because summer's over doesn't mean it's time to stop eating ice cream.
Thanksgiving Stuffing Cookies Are About To Blow Your Mind (EXCLUSIVE RECIPE). Pepperidge Farm stuffing has never tasted so good.
7 Essential Rules for Finding Good, Local Food and Drink in Paris. Unfortunately, the days of just \dropping in\ to the nearest corner bistro and expecting something amazing are long gone. Here are a few tips to put you on the path to actually eating well, and supporting artisan producers in the process.
Banned Food In The U.S.. There are shloads of foods that are banned stateside, and each state has its own rules and regulations.
'Defective Carrots' Shows The Dark Side Of Supermarket Sourcing (PHOTOS). Why don't we ever end up seeing these guys at the supermarket? Here's the story.
Thanksgiving with 'Friends'. We know the holidays can be a stressful time. Sometimes the food doesn't turn out right, guests are late, or there's just not enough time in the world to put together the perfect dinner that you envisioned.
Seize the Season. Too cold in your neck of the woods for asparagus? No problem, we'll fly it in from Peru. Wrong time of year for peaches? Fear not, New Zealand has a terrific crop they're willing to share. This must be a good thing, right?
Mixology as Spectator Sport. When did bartending become a spectator sport?  And how?  And for heaven's sake, why?
Top 10 Thanksgiving Must-haves. Thanksgiving can be a hectic time, especially when you are in charge of preparing the holiday meal.
Thanksgiving Dinner Mistakes You Should Avoid. Don't mess it up, and it will taste better.
Recipe Roundup. There's a reason pumpkin is so popular. Actually, there are a million reasons, and that's my point -- it's so versatile!
Cranberry Carving and 4 Other Ways to Make Thanksgiving Way More Fun. Who would have thought that a can of jellied cranberry sauce would provide the perfect medium?
5 Great Affordable Bourbons to Buy When You Can't Find Pappy Van Winkle. Every year, I ask Santa for a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle bourbon from Kentucky, and every year he comes up empty-handed.
The Only Banana Recipes You'll Ever Need. It's just as good at breakfast as with an afternoon coffee or tea, or for dessert, drizzled with warm chocolate sauce.
In Case Of Thanksgiving Emergencies, The Best And Worst Turkey TV Dinners (TASTE TEST). When tragedy strikes, be ready with a Plan B.
Innocent Temptation. Caramelized apples, the star of this pie, are enveloped in cinnamon pastry cream, with additional caramel sauce drizzled throughout.
The 8 Secrets to Beating Everyone in Flip Cup. There are two ways to become a superior flip cup player.
Martha Stewart Tweets Hideous Food Photo, Twitter Responds Accordingly. How could you, Martha?
Is Nut Milk the New Kombucha?. It has a silky texture and a serenely rich flavor that would be good in \cream\ pies, puddings, shakes and soups.
PETA Brings Vegan Gumbo to New Orleans. Next up... perhaps a vegan BBQ cook-off?
Noma's Ren\u00e9 Redzepi on Honesty, Keeping Journals and Moving Forward. The book chronicles Redzepi's ups and downs in 2011, and it's certainly not sugar-coated.
Simple Holiday Recipes Starring Veggies. We all want to bring the best, most raved-about dishes to our holiday parties, but a homemade meal doesn\u2019t mean you have
The Most Amazing Restaurant Bathrooms in America. Some of these restrooms very well might merit a visit to the restaurant just to have the opportunity to use it.
Dragon Fruit Health Benefits Are Only Surpassed By Their Beauty. Or bite it right off the peel. First of all, dragon fruit is beautiful. You kind of don\u2019t want to eat it just because it
Everything You Need To Know About Turkey (GIFs). Everything you need to know about this Thanksgiving bird.
Deep-fried Thanksgiving. The ritual commences. We gather from disparate corners of the globe, overcoming vast geography, our clashing calendars, demanding work schedules, and above all, our battling food preferences. And that's where the comparison to our forefathers begins and ends.
How to Make a 'To Be Cooked' List. Whether you keep a rough mental list (me) or a meticulously manicured Excel spreadsheet, if you see the kitchen as a creative and adventurous space, you've got a running list of recipes you want to get creative and adventurous with.
The Torta Is the Best Motherf*&^ing Sandwich Ever. Tell me that is not a sandwich you immediately want to stuff into your mouth until it's gone (unless you are vegetarian, and if so, I GOT YOU COVERED).
The Official Raichlen Thanksgiving Menu! PLUS, Recipes for EVERY Course. Thanksgiving is the most distinctly American holiday of the year. (Most countries have their versions of Independence Day, but not a nationally sanctioned holiday dedicated to giving thanks.)
10 Heart-Melting Cheesy Comfort Foods Including Pumpkin Mac & Cheese. Sorry hot cocoa, you've been replaced by rich, creamy cheese for this season's go-to comfort snack.
Moody Tullamore Dew Irish Whiskey Ad Is A Glass Act (VIDEO). It is a rite of passage, for sure, but perhaps not the one you'd expect. The best thing we can say about it is that it entertained
Wine From Under The Sea. You've probably heard stories about shipwrecks discovered where bottles of wine were found.  Some of the wines uncovered have been 100 years old or more.  There's been interest in what these wines taste like and how well they did -- or didn't age -- in their watery cellars.
5 Ways You're Psyching Yourself Out in the Kitchen. You follow a recipe three times, it yields great results, and then you invite people over, make your go-to dish again, and something's off.
The Hottest Beer You've Ever Tasted Is Obviously Called Crime And Punishment. The crime was adding chiles to the beer. The punishment was drinking them.
The 10 Worst Breakfast Cereals Of All Time (PHOTOS). Don't start your day by eating garbage!
The Best Small Towns For Food In America. Small towns across the country are now celebrated for their passion for food and their timeless mantra that food brings people together.
What Makes Champagne Special? A Brief History. Whether the producer is one of the great houses -- producing millions of bottles a year -- or a small, grower producer, one can tell at a quick glance that one is in Champagne and not anywhere else in the wine world.
The Choco-Tomato Paradox. Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, almonds, coconut, coffee, chocolate, marshmallows, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, poultry spices, sushi seasonings, salad vegetables, chocolate. Okay, what doesn't belong in this picture?
No One Freak Out, But We're Going To Talk About Veal Recipes (PHOTOS). Humane veal exists now -- here's what to do with it.
All About the Square-Cut. Deep-Dish pizza is a tourists long-awaited first bite, a city transplants new love, yet consistently a Chicagoans last option. Although just as delicious, many Deep-Dish experiences result in a post Deep-Dish coma.
Microwaving Candy. Similar to reverse rocket science, the crew gathered all the candy in the office -- from Skittles to Reese's Peanut Butter Cups -- and wondered what would happen if we pulverized them in the microwave.
Are These Noma Dishes Real Or Fake? (QUIZ). Is 'Branches' an actual dish name or a figment of our imagination?
Mini Donut Maker, You Complete Us (PHOTO). Allow us to introduce the Mini Donut Factory. Our mornings will never be the same.
Dorito Bread & Butter Is Like Edible Rock And Roll (VIDEO). It's like edible rock and roll.
If You Need Comfort Food, You Need A Gruyere Recipe (PHOTOS). And we just so happen to have a few favorites...
The NYC Craft Beer Festival Winter Harvest. With a 15 percent growth spurt from 2012, the craft beer industry is vaster and more extensive than ever.
How to Deep Fry a Turkey. Let's deep fry a turkey. And as long as we're at it, let's deep fry a half dozen or more.
10 Inspirations for Creating Something New in Your Kitchen. Sure, there are the obvious culinary cultures (French, Italian, Chinese), but the trick is to go off the eaten path.   Ask the odd questions -- What's for breakfast in Botswana? What's for midday meal in Martinique?
Cafe Retro. We ordered a cappuccino and camel milk latte, each served with a mini camel milk espresso cookie.
How to Cocktail Video. This creamy and chocolatey drink makes the perfect nightcap.
The (Cocktail) Hot List. Perhaps you've noticed this term sprouting up on cocktail menus across the country.
McDonald's Tries Build-your-own Quarter Pounders. Why shouldn't the Golden Arches try it?
Foods We Wanted To Hate, But Accidentally Love. I wanted to hate it, but this crazy vinegar soda grew on me.
Happy 100 Year Anniversary, Mallomars! (PHOTOS). Here's a look at some delicious history.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Lamb stew
The Pizza Cleanse. Why does doing something healthy have to taste like crap? We thought it was a bluff. And so we embarked on the first-ever Pizza Cleanse.
Lunch With Nicol\u00e1s Catena -- The Mondavi of Argentina. Nearly 5000 feet Elevation at Adrianna Vineyard \When we started this new project for Argentina, for our winery, our inspiration
What Eating Can Tell You About The People Around You (PHOTOS). Some of them are gems, some of them need to get away from you as soon as possible.
Pumpkin Spice. We can't say we're completely surprised.
Great Food Porn of the Month. \f I could go back in time I might pick a different name because it's not entirely accurate anymore. I thought it sounded classy and most of my recipes were savory in the beginning.\
How to Make Applesauce Without a Recipe. Maybe it was the color, so rosy and mauve, or maybe it was the naturally sweet flavor.
Recipes Made Better By B\u00e9chamel Sauce (PHOTOS). We're setting the spotlight on this French classic.
Eat Protein, Fight Off Cold And Flu Season. We've all heard that vitamin C may help shorten the length of a cold, but did you know protein helps build a healthy immune
How To Match Teas To Your Mood. The phrase \mind altering\ might not conjure up a hot cup of tea but maybe it should. Research has found that tea may play
Vintage Slang Terms For Being Drunk Are Hilarious A Century Later. He is weary. He has been in the sun. He has drunk more than he has bled. He is one and thirty. He made indentures with his
The Difference Between Snickerdoodles And Sugar Cookies. And no, it's not just the cinnamon.
This Nacho Cocktail Is Blowing Our Minds. Every day should be National Nachos Day.
10 Make-Ahead Thanksgiving Recipes. Thanksgiving has a reputation for being the most delicious holiday around, but it can also be the most stressful if you're in charge of the meal. We've rounded up 10 recipes from an earthy stuffing to a creamy mash that can be made ahead of time and simply reheated on The Big Day.
8 Ways to Roast Chicken With Compound Butters From Around the World. Generally speaking, I am an olive oil person. But what about butter? I cook with it so seldom, it seems. No longer.
8 Nights of Chanukah Chocolate. A friend recently described tasting some chocolate as \more.\ Each bite makes him want \more\ chocolate. That is how I think about Chanukah
The Top 10 Most Popular Pizza Toppings (INFOGRAPHIC). We're just glad hot dogs didn't make the cut.
Chef Roy Choi Soups Up Instant Ramen With American Cheese (VIDEO). Instant ramen has never looked so good.
Pies With No-Sweat, No-Roll Piecrusts. Your problems are officially solved.
Latkes 101. What do you need to know to make latkes? The basics here will work with almost any latke recipe.
17 Nacho Fails That Nearly Ruined Them For Us Forever (PHOTOS). These major fails nearly ruined nachos for us forever.
Finger Spoons Have Us Questioning Humanity As We Know It (PHOTO). Either eat with your hands or don't.
Trailer for Cook It Raw (AKA Chef Summer Camp in Charleston) (VIDEO). In October of 2013, a group of the world's best chefs came together for Cook it Raw in Charleston SC to discover, collaborate, get inspired and of course cook. They spent a week hunting, fishing and foraging in the \low country.\
What Exactly Is A Heritage Turkey, Anyway? (VIDEO). Order one of these guys ASAP if you want it in time for Thanksgiving
Bonaverde Coffee Machine May Revolutionize The Industry. Farm to table? Try tree to cup.
How To Skip The Cronut Line At Dominique Ansel Bakery. Seriously, we speak the truth.
NY Knish Factory Shortage Leads to Nationwide Shortage. A fire Sept. 24 at the Gabila's plant in Copiague, Long Island, damaged the machinery that makes the company's biggest seller -- \The Original Coney Island Square Knish.\ Knish lovers from Maine to Florida and points west are suffering the loss. Oy.
My Dreams of Jiro. The eel which came second to last, had the lightest touch of wasabi between the fish and the rice. In one fluid motion, Jiro painted it with the sauce and put the sushi down in front of me. Eel is one of my favorite sushi dishes and I had never tasted anything like this eel before.
How To Carve A Turkey, With Step-By-Step Photos. The perfectly detailed guide to doing it just right.
Blind Taste Test. Snap on your safety goggles before proceeding.
Scratch N' Sniff Wine Book By Richard Betts Gives Readers A Whiff Of Expertise. The photos and smells help break down the flavors and colors in fun, layman's terms. In one part of the book for example
What Military Rations Taste Like, According to an Active Serviceman. (It's Not Pretty.). (It's Not Pretty.)
Taste Test. This may shake your macaroni and cheese beliefs to their cheesy core.
DIY Dog Biscuits. In a stand mixer with the paddle add the cornmeal, bacon mix and the flour. Mix it to combine. Slowly add the chicken (or
Hunting, Fishing and Tripe. Chef John Besh is known for his New Orleans approach to cooking, in his restaurants and on TV. But how did he get inspired to even start cooking?
We Found The Recipes That Will Make You Love Chicken Livers (PHOTOS). Once you love these delicious little things, it's only a matter of time.
Brie Vs. Camembert. Find out how to distinguish between these two delicious cheeses.
How To Slice A Turkey. The perfectly detailed guide to doing it just right.
Do You Even Have Any Idea How You Like Your Steak Cooked? (PHOTO). Are you even asking for it the right way?
It's OK to Eat Like a Kid. Arguably unacceptable in intellectuals during this era of springbok-cheek custard, our approach to food is as different from occasionally desiring comfort foods
12 Hottest Food Trends for 2014. Every year around this time, my husband The Restaurant Consultant consults his crystal ball and issues a report on how the world of restaurants and hotels shapes up for the year ahead.
Is This Turkey-Stuffed Donut The Thanksgivukkah Version Of The Cronut?. There are two options available
Healthy Is the New Gangsta. Rap and health consciousness may not seem like a natural duo, but for Khnum Ibomu, or Stic, promoting a healthy lifestyle is a natural extension of the themes of political activism, social justice and personal motivation that run through his music.
Make a Brined Turkey on the Grill! PLUS, 7 Tips for the Best Thanksgiving Ever. The best way to cook America's Thanksgiving bird is to use a technique that, like the turkey itself, is also native to the Americas
A Madonna-Approved Burrito That's Out Of This World. Love her or hate her, there's one thing we can all agree on when it comes to Madonna
Ten Snacks for Watching Major Political Meltdowns. Because stuffing your face is what you do when you're ashamed.
Neil Patrick Harris Shares His Signature Holiday Recipe. Neil Patrick Harris is very into the holidays, in case you couldn't tell. His Halloween parties are the stuff of legend
How to Cook Pretty Food. Sometimes, you need to make your food look as good as it tastes.
11 Crazy Gravy Boats That Need To Calm Down Immediately (PHOTOS). A few of these are going to haunt us for all of time.
6 Brunch Recipes Worth Waking Up For (PHOTO). There's no better way to end a lazy morning than with a hot brunch. Skip the usual mad dash of a breakfast routine in favor
Top 10 Seafood Restaurants in the U.S.. When you're in a seafood mood, head to one of our picks for the Top 10 Seafood Restaurants in the U.S.
10 Things to Make With Your Roasting Pan Besides Meat. 10 other delectable dishes you can make using your roasting pan, some of them for brunch, some for dinner, and some for dessert.
Cooking at Sea!  Employment of Cruise Line Chefs. For a number of years, I worked aboard cruise ships. I enjoyed visiting exciting ports of call, broadening my horizons and making lasting friendships, while honing my skills as a chef. I'm often asked by cooks, \How can I get a job on a cruise ship, and what it is like to work on one?\
Brown Butter 101. The secret to this delicious apple tart? Brown butter, of course!
Where Do Your Short Ribs Come From?. What makes these ribs so special?
How to Make Kettle Corn Without a Kettle. The snack everyone wants to eat this time of year -- and how to do it with only 4 ingredients and no special equipment.
Kouign Amann. For those of you not familiar with the delicious, buttery, flaky, pastry that is Kouign Amann, here's a bit of history
Is It Ever OK to Call Yourself a Mixologist?. To those bartenders who think calling yourself a mixologist is an excuse for serving drinks with a frown at a snail's pace, you are morons and are giving the rest of us a bad name. This article\u00a0isn't\u00a0even acknowledging your kind.
With Stella 34 Trattoria, Macy's New York Flagship Competes with Harrods in London and Galeries Lafayette in Paris. Unlike the superb culinary offerings at London's Harrods and Paris' Galleries Lafayette, New York's department stores have little beyond caf\u00e9-style restaurants for shoppers' convenience. Stella 34 Trattoria changes things.
Baby Arugula Salad With Warm Shiitake Mushrooms, Pears, Parmesan Shavings and White Truffle Oil. Gourmet-yet-simple, this recipe is one of my all-time favorites.
Snack Ideas To Wow The School Crowd (PHOTO). No matter what activities your kids are into, eventually you'll need to supply the snacks. If the thought of feeding ravenous
Crock Pot Party. Just because a chill has crept into the air doesn't mean you need to retreat under a blanket and binge on TV. Instead, make
Cooking Off the Cuff. An ideal side dish with grilled, roasted or pot-roasted pork. Poultry would work too. Yes, I'm thinking of Thanksgiving.
Syrian Salad. Put the ingredients in a bowl and mix them up. Toss with the salad. I have a favorite Middle Eastern restaurant that I've
When in Piemonte, Italy The Winery You Must Visit. With Roberta Ceretto Roberta feels it is a different experience to come to Italy, to Piemonte and see the vineyards and the
5 Seasonal Squash Recipes (Photos). 
Dunkin' Donuts Red Velvet Latte Is... Uninspiring. Stick to the regular coffee.
The Best Boozy Mulled Cider. Turn down the thermostat, sit out on the porch; this mulled cider drink will warm you from the inside out.
Remembering Charlie Trotter. Charlie would say, \More caviar! No we can't charge them for more, we just do it! That's what we do, the right thing. Anything less would not be enough, anything more and it would be too much.\
Bee Keeping Tradition Threatened in Eastern Turkey. Eastern Turkey is famous for its pure honey. The nectar comes only from wild mountain flowers and the native \Caucasian\ bees are never given any sugar to increase production. But this bee and way of life are under threat.
The Reformed Elvis. Here it is, my version of something Elvis is said to have loved.  And considering the brilliance of the pairing of peanut butter and banana, I have to say I agree with the King on this one. It's an irresistible combination.
A Must-Read. Josh Ruxin's A Thousand Hills to Heaven tells the story of two enterprising Americans who made an extraordinary difference for a country of 11 million people. While it's unfashionable to use words like \inspiring\ or \life-changing,\ that's exactly what this book is.
Goose, Barley, and White Bean Soup. It's a very simple soup. You could substitute chicken broth, but there is something very rich and wonderful about goose broth
8 Desserts You Can Make In Mason Jars (PHOTO). Glass jars aren't just for jam anymore. If you've already packed your salad in one, then you know the appeal of the Mason
Which Knife To Use When, So You Don't Look A Mess (INFOGRAPHIC). Make sure, with this handy infographic!
Why Does Cooking at Home Fight Hunger? * *And a Whole Lot of Other Problems?. Demand for SNAP benefits is proof that we are living in a time of long-term unemployment and a very deep recession. Moreover, we have a food system that artificially makes healthy, simple food more expensive than processed non-food.
Reddit, We Sincerely Underestimated How Pretty Your Cakes Are (PHOTOS). We cannot believe how amazing these things are!
8 Incredibly Cute Dog-Themed Cakes. Skip the trip to the puppy store to get your cuteness fix.
Gabriel Rucker at DeGustibus. On the things-to-remember list has to be the way he works with fois gras. He makes a cure for the fois gras and cures the
Nobody Puts Bread Pudding In A Corner. Stop typecasting this delicious, versatile dish as a dessert.
3 Easy Weeknight Recipes. Getting dinner on the table after a long day at work can be notoriously challenging. Fear no more.
'Head Cheese' Probably Isn't What You Think It Is (PHOTOS). File this in the \try it, you'll like it\ column.
Why BK's New BBQ Rib May Be the Bigger Winner. Consumers care about price, quality and taste, not whether this is like that. Will they buy the $3.69 Big King? That's the
22 Moonshines From Around the World That Will Probably Make You Blind. (That will probably make you blind.)
You've Been Biting 'Down' Wrong Your Entire Life. Excuse us?
But Wait, There's More. Gosh, could we maybe go for just a day or two without another menu addition from the burger chains? Burger King announced its new Big King and BBQ Rib sandwiches earlier, but there's more. There's always more.
The Healthy Snack Recipe Victoria Beckham Bakes At Home. How to eat like this former Spice Girl.
How To Shape A Double Piecrust. We're taking the fear out of this dessert.
Mayonnaise Is a Chocolate Cake's Best Friend. There are some desserts in the world that we'll always have room for. One such dessert is chocolate cake. Because of this, we're always looking for ways to make our chocolate cakes more moist, more chocolatey, and just more... better.
Chefs Biased Toward Wine. Craft beer is a hot topic, people! So hear me roar, this is my rally cry to the foodie universe
Pecan Pie Pringles Actually Taste Like French Toast, Are Not The Worst (PHOTO). Go home, Pringles. You are drunk.
5 Restaurants That Make Bugs Taste Delicious. Bugs may be the protein of the future, so you might as well learn to love 'em.
The Best Ways To Cook Eggs, In Order (PHOTOS). There is no bad egg. But there is a best one.
20 Great Thanksgiving Burgers. Not every burger restaurant does a riff on Thanksgiving and turkey for its November Burger of the Month. But many of the best ones do.
Apparently You Can Actually Cook Your Ass Off. Modernist chef Richard Blais has a lot going on this year.
Recipes Inspired By Our Favorite Books (PHOTOS). 'Please sir, may I have some more?'
Chocolate Recipes You Can Eat For Dinner (PHOTOS). Your favorite dessert ingredient is making some savory appearances.
The Best Butcher Shops in America. The past few years have been nothing short of revolutionary for the world of butchery. In order to salute the old guard as well as the new wave, we've assembled a ranking of America's 25 best butcher shops.
The World's Most Unusual Theme Restaurants. For some diners, the \regular\ dining scene is just not enough.
Sophisticated Butternut Squash Tartines. The butternut squash is roasted with maple syrup, rosemary and pears to create the perfect fall combination.
5 Things No One Tells You About Marrying a Chef. People are downright fascinated when I tell them I'm about to marry a chef. Celebrity chef culture is so pervasive in this country; chefs are today's new rock stars, wielding Japanese knives instead of electric guitars. It all looks so fun and glamorous. Right?
The Best Recipes To Make With A Can Of White Beans. Amazing, versatile ways to use this pantry staple.
Take Your Thanksgiving Turkey to the Next Level & Roast It on a Spit!. As you might imagine, my current favorite method of cooking a turkey involves building a fire -- specifically, firing up a smoker or a grill.
Easy Homemade Caramel Apples. Each fall, we love getting a group together for a homemade caramel apple showdown -- er, relaxing session.
Apple Cranberry Crisp. This also tastes great for breakfast with a cup of hot coffee, but you didn't hear that from us!
America's Coolest Breweries (PHOTOS). The last decade has brought a resurgence of craft breweries across the country. The coolest not only make outstanding beer, but also are designed with a sense of place in mind, offering activities, brewery tours, and personality to match.
What to Do With Leftover Halloween Candy. You've been pilfering from the trick-or-treat stash all month long. This week your kids are going to come home with bucketfuls of candy. This candy binge has to end! Or does it? Fortunately, there are dozens of things you can do with leftover candy to make sure not a single sweet treat goes to waste.
13 Things You Didn't Know About Old Bay. For Marylanders, the only thing more patriotic than the cast of The Wire eating crabs with the state dinosaur is a can of Old Bay.
23 Hilariously Misspelled Names on Starbucks Coffee Cups. Some of the funniest, faultiest, and crudest Sbux spelling slip-ups.
Pumpkin Muffins With Orange Zest and Rosemary. Moist and aromatic, the baked treats are a wonderful alternative to the usual flavors we associate with pumpkin desserts.
Soup-A-Bowl. Don't you think it's really hard to come up with a clever, fun, fundraising event? Like the Accidental Locavore, you probably
Stuffed Cookie Recipes For The Ultimate Sweet Tooth (PHOTOS). You'll never look at this classic dessert the same again.
Famous Drinks from Your Favorite Movies. Everyone knows that James Bond likes his martini shaken, not stirred. And The Dude would obviously have you order him a White Russian. But before The Dude ordered his signature drink, it's a safe bet that not everyone knew what a White Russian was.
5 Recipe Pet Peeves. Fussy amounts of spices, recipes that require other recipes...
How to Order off a \Secret Menu\ Without Being a Jerk. Some people think if you try to order off of a 'secret menu,' you're probably an a**hole.
Getting to Know Mendoza's Varied Terroir. Vista Flores, Tunuyan. Several of the French winemaking families that have come to Mendoza have ended up here, thanks to
Fuel Your Body Through Fall's Busy Days  & Organic Green Goddess Smoothie Recipe. With fall in full swing, time feels more scarce than ever. Yet, when we're busiest is actually when we most need nourishment to fuel our bodies through the day.
7 Rules for Serving Wine at Your Dinner Party. Entertaining with wine at home -- yes, it's that easy.
Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Loaf, Not Just for Fall. Moist and naturally sweetened, this bread is studded with chunks of dark chocolate, making it a sweet breakfast treat.
Breasts or Wings. Eating is active - we tear, bite, chew, dredge, pull, hold. It's a physical need, and therefore a highly physical act. But it's also an emotional act.
1970, a Turning Point in American Cuisine. 1971, the year when Alice Waters opened Chez Panisse in Berkeley, CA, is often cited as a turning point for American cuisine.
Our Readers' Best Food Halloween Costumes (PHOTOS). We asked, and you guys delivered.
Halloween Cocktails. Here are few tasty temptations to serve this Halloween night. Pick your poison!
What to Do with Leftover Halloween Candy. There's going to be candy everywhere for days. At first it feels like a dream come true, until it's not.
For The Last Time. For the last time, you do not shake a Manhattan. Here's why.
How to Get Clumps in Your Granola. For those of you who live for the clusters, here's how you get the ultimate clumpy, clustery, chunk-full granola.
Behind-The-Scenes Tour Of The Sriracha Factory (VIDEO). How the rooster sauce gets from farm to bottle.
11 Things Only A Coffee Snob Would Understand (PHOTOS). Pre-ground? Uh, no thanks.
'The Chew' Cast Dresses Up As The Spice Girls For Halloween (PHOTOS). And Michael Symon as Sporty Spice is not a sight we need to see again.
What GMO Labeling Means To You (INFOGRAPHIC). Explore more infographics like this one on the web's largest information design community - Visually. Although that paints
The Best Foods to Make for Day of the Dead. Modern Mexican Day of the Dead festivities stem from indigenous religions intertwined with Spanish colonial Catholicism
How We Taste and Why. We don't taste blind.
The Best Chain Sandwich Shops in America. Is this the golden age of sandwiches?
10 Culinary Maxims. 1. If you purchase the baguette, you have earned the right to rip off the end and eat it on the way home.
7 Things You Didn't Know About Candy. Just in time for Halloween, professor Samira Kawash has come out with a 350-page book all about everyone's favorite sugar
Houston Battles Big D for Restaurant Bragging Rights. While Dallas is nudging upwards with new, exciting restaurants, for the moment, Houston can readily claim the broader, deeper food scene. Here are two places currently brightening the gastronomic skies in town.
Top 5 Tastes. Sure, waiting's the worst, especially for an impatient youngest child as myself, but when it pays off, there's nothing like it.
How To Drink Absinthe For Halloween, With Brooklyn's Lucky 13 Saloon (PHOTOS). Halloween boozing with the crew at Brooklyn's best metal bar.
10 Things Only A College Cook Would Understand (GIFs). The struggle is real, and it happens in the kitchen of a college apartment.
How to Make Almost-Instant Chai. At its best, chai is spicy and lightly sweet, the perfect blend of warming spices that can clear your head on a foggy, cool morning.
All The Stuffed Shell Recipes You'll Ever Need. Commence fearless party hosting.
How To Pack The Perfect Bento Box Lunch. School hasn't been in session long, but odds are lunches have already become a bit too predictable. If you're feeling lunchbox
Fruit Sauces To Brighten Your Breakfast. Maple syrup has long reigned over pancakes and waffles, so why not change up the routine with a fruit sauce? Drizzling -- or
Science Aside, How's The GMO-Free Food?. So how's non-GMO food? In one word
5 Crazy Ways to Use Kale. Travel to the outer edges of the kale universe.
If You Try Hard And Believe In Yourself, Anything Can Be A Croquette Recipe (PHOTOS). If you try hard and believe in yourself, everything can be croquette-ized.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Creamy, not chunky (But no cream).
What You Need to Know About Chilean Wines. There is actually one winery operating in the city limits of the Chilean capital of Santiago, Cousi\u00f1o-Macul.\u00a0 Founded in
Taste-Test. We cut up some corn, blindfolded some eating pros and got to work.
Superfood Edamame Is Super Versatile. Edamame, you guys. Why is it just, like, the perfect snack?
Ghoulish and Ghastly Cupcakes for Halloween. High fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated oils, artificial flavorings... Halloween is a scary time! Try making your own creepy creations instead.
Healthy Halloween. I'm not advocating eliminating candy all together. A treat or two every so often is fine. What I am arguing is that we should find ways to make it more balanced -- to bring a few fun and healthy Halloween treats and tricks to the party.
7 Best Gluten-Free Halloween Recipes. Halloween doesn't need to be a frightful occasion for gluten-free haunted housemates.
Do Oreos Violate the Pollan Doctrine?. Michael Pollan writes that we shouldn't eat anything our grandmother wouldn't recognize. Well, Oreos have been around since 1912. Are they fair game?
5 \Facts\ About Drinking that Just Are Not True. You do your best to avoid the typical things
From the Ivory Tower Kitchen. Our generation's ability to produce better food that is accessible, affordable, just and fair will determine our footprint and legacy more so than our ability to teach every child how to solve a quadratic equation. We shouldn't have to choose, but we may have to.
The Best Fall Food, A HuffPost Deathmatch (VOTE). Will it be apple pie? Butternut squash soup? The outcome is up to you.
Sylvia Plath's Surprisingly Delicious Tomato Soup Cake Recipe. Bake like this literary legend.
Outrageous Nachos. The nation's most innovative nachos.
Here's a Sandwich Made of EVERYTHING on the McDonald's Dollar Menu. The apocalypse is upon us
What Your Favorite Apple Says About You (PHOTOS). Do you shy away from technology or leap before you look? Don't tell us, your apple already did.
Amazing Crock Pot Recipes You Won't Believe Came Out Of A Slow Cooker (PHOTOS). Think of your Crock Pot as a temperature-regulated treasure chest.
The Top 11 Coffee Roasters in the Nation, As Voted by Super-Serious Coffee Nerds. As voted by super-serious coffee nerds.
The Best Fast Food Drive-Thru Raps Of Youtube (VIDEOS). Why say your drive-thru order when you can RAP it?
The 9 Greatest Pumpkin Recipes. 'Tis the season to stuff pumpkin in any and every recipe you can get your hands on.
In Praise of Quince. Late October brings an interesting addition to stands heaped with orange squash and red apples at the Farmer's markets of New York...
One Bird, Nine Pieces, The Easy Way. Butchering a whole chicken is easy with a well-placed knife and proper tension.
The Italian Secret to Cooking Pumpkins and Squash. For such a storied vegetable, the pumpkin has a dull reputation in the United States.
Every Way With Mac And Cheese Burgers (PHOTOS). Stuffed, topped, fried, and combined with bacon -- these recipes are taking burger-making to the next level.
The Best Ways To Eat Chocolate For Breakfast (PHOTOS). Not including working through a Hershey's bar before 9 am.
Come Freak Out On This Amazing Ramen Cake Video. Commence jaw dropping.
The 5 Ingredients That Are Always In 'Iron Chef' Michael Symon's Pantry (VIDEO). Also, bonus fighting words for Geoffrey Zakarian.
Recipes That Demand A Poached Egg To Be Brilliant (PHOTOS). We've yet to find a savory dish they don't make instantly more awesome.
5 Best-Loved Fall Muffin Recipes. It's time to get cozy and fill the kitchen with the enticing aroma of fresh-baked muffins.
Terrible Pasta Toppings We Have To Banish From Our Hearts (PHOTOS). Please, let's all agree that these are terrible and make no sense.
Apple-Walnut Crisps With Tequila. An apple dessert that satisfies both the child in you and your adult self.
The 9 Most-Hated Halloween Treats. Don't be the worst trick-or-treating house on the block.
9 Reasons Why Beer Is Even Better Than You Thought. If Ben Franklin tells you to drink beer, you listen.
The Vegan Food That Totally Resembles Human Flesh. Say you wanted to create tasty vegetarian Halloween snacks that looked exactly like chopped-up human fingers
Hawaii's Craft Beers Have An Exotic Island Advantage. Big Island Brewhaus, which just won the US Open Beer Championship's gold medal in the IPA category with their Overboard IPA
Visual Depictions of Important Seinfeld Foods That Won't Make You Thirsty. Here're some of the most memorable foods from Seinfeld, excluding those salty, salty pretzels.
Explaining The Logic Behind Candy Corn Hatred. Lovers of this Halloween treat may want to avert their eyes.
Feed Your Obsession With This Etsy Cheese Swag (PHOTOS). How far would you go for your favorite food?
The Best Cast Iron Skillet Recipes For Your Next Meal. You CAN cook these things in other vessels, but we have no idea why you would.
From Chipotle to Burger King. The 14 best menu hacks at all your favorite fast-food restaurants.
29 Things You Should Know About Beer, For National American Beer Day (INFOGRAPHIC). It tastes better when you know all the trivia, we swear.
Magnolia Bakery's Chief Baking Officer, Bobbie Lloyd, Reveals Her Favorite Halloween Treats. Pumpkin Cupcakes Yields
The World's Best Chefs in Charleston at Cook it Raw. Cook It Raw comes to the U.S. for the first time. See why it landed in Charleston.
The Technique You Need to Know Now for Pizza on the Grill, Plus 5 Explosively Flavorful Pizza Toppings. The Barbecue Bible take on grilled pizza.
15 Sure-Fire Ways to Get on Any Bartender's Bad Side. Things you should never do to the person who controls the trajectory of your life, err, night.
Make Your Own Cake Flour and Self-Rising Flour. Spare yourself an extra trip to the grocery store and make these flours at home.
Marion Nestle Has Changed the Way We Think and Talk About Food. It's hard to remember that many of the truths we take as a given--that advertising influences how we eat as a country, often detrimentally; that agricultural programs sometimes protect businesses rather than people; that public policy can be a powerful tool in shifting how Americans eat and, consequently, their health--are relative newcomers in the national discourse.
World's Strongest Beer, 'Snake Venom,' Clocks In At 67.5% ABV. Now THAT's a serious beer.
Printing Chocolate in 3D. 3D chocolate printing is still in its infancy, but already it is sparking debates about the relationship between food and technology. Can printed food coexist with the ever-greater presence of local and organic movements? Does printed food have the ability to feed the world?
Sharpen Your Knife Honing Skills. Honing your knife is easier than you think.
World Series Fans, What to Eat While Watching on TV. Many of us expect to spend a bit of time in front of the TV. And we'll need to eat.
Fun With Gluten-Free Food. Chef Alex Thomopoulos's approach to food is not harping on what she cannot eat, but celebrating the ingredients she can use to make tasty and unique meals.
7 Things You Are Probably Not Making Yourself, But Should. Avoid those not-so-good-for-us, what-is-that-I-can't-read-that-is-that-even-English ingredients.
How to Celebrate Halloween Like Grown-up. How to host a \Halloween Dinner Party\ that's as creepy as it is delicious.
The NYC Wine and Food Festival. For those curious about new directions in the culinary world, this weekend offered views that would titillate the taste buds of any gourmet.
What The Heck Is In Bologna, Anyway?. Happy National Bologna Day, everyone!
Why Pork Chops Should Be Your New Dinnertime Staple. No dry or leathery meats here -- we promise.
Kazimierz. The bars fill up on the cobbled streets and the restaurants hum with the noise of nightlife. At the hub of this activity is Plac Nowy, the former Jewish square where a spring of establishments have sprouted in recent years, in the wake of years of disrepair.
5 Kitchen Tools You Cannot Break. Triple-digit temperatures, getting dropped, getting burned...  Nothing can take these tools down.
Crazy Buffalo Sauce Recipes, Hold The Wings. No wings allowed.
America's Best Pizzas. And the best pies in America are...
Whatever, Martha. It's the pact with readers that make bloggers such a powerful force. We may not be experts by your definition, but if an expert is someone that audiences trust to guide them in the right direction, we meet that criteria handily.
Cooking Up Change. Chefs are in a unique position to play an important role in improving the food system because we have a lot of consumer trust.  Our agenda is to feed people delicious food and make them happy. What's not to trust in that?
Putting Chefs at Center Stage. Most of the chefs working at the restaurants we frequent don't particularly have a passion for what they are preparing on a regular basis. They love to cook and love throwing on the whites. But if you want to see a chef's passion, show up for a staff family meal.
Japan Has Avocado Cheese Doritos, And They Won't Share With Us (PHOTO). Avocado Cheese Doritos? Share the wealth, you guys!
Bourbon vs. Whiskey. A final answer for the age-old question.
This Honest Beer Ad By Cracked Is Almost Enough To Put Us Off Drinking It (VIDEO). 'Yeast poop' is still making us laugh.
Sonorans, Coneys, and 13 Other Amazing Regional Hot Dog Styles You Need to Eat. As good an excuse as any to hit the road and sample a little Americana.
Cooking Off the Cuff. This preparation of the \other white meat\ imparts an appetizing seared surface and a sufficiently tender and succulent interior.
The Biggest Cookies You'll Ever Make (PHOTOS). Dessert will never be the same.
Make a Better Eggplant Parmesan. Classic Eggplant Parmesan gets a fancy new topping.
Simple Baked Apple Chips. What is it about turning something into a chip that makes it so irresistible?
Pumpkin Muffins. I like my pumpkin a little gingery and filled with spices.
The Best Scrambled Egg Recipes You'll Ever Make (PHOTOS). Proof that easy does not have to mean boring.
The Best Pop-Tart Flavor, A HuffPost Deathmatch. Because there's no childhood nostalgia quite like this before-school breakfast.
How to Frost a Cake. Tips for smooth, stress-free cake frosting.
Did Cervantes Invent the Turducken?. So, here it is, the quotation you've all been waiting for, proof (if we're going with truthiness rather than absolute truth
'Scotchy Scotch Scotch,' Ben & Jerry's New Flavor, Channels Ron Burgundy. Ron Burgundy, we salute you.
McDonald's Value Strategy + More. The real problem, Thompson insisted, is not with the McDonald's brand but with tight economic conditions and heightened competitive
How to Taste Chocolate. First, you smell the chocolate. Then, you break it in half, paying attention to the \snap\ and smelling it again. After that, you let it melt against the top of your mouth.
Celery Root Remoulade Recipe. One of the Accidental Locavore's favorite salads, not easily found outside of France, is celery root remoulade.
The Best College Drunk Foods at the 25 Best Party Schools. Enjoy... until the acid reflux sets in.
Vegetarian Fried Rice. In this recipe, the garlic and ginger shine through, but the overall taste is not spicy.
David Bouley Wants You to Have a \Living Pantry\. In a discussion with New York Times food writer Melissa Clark at the New York Wine and Food Festival this weekend, David Bouley talked about his philosophy and practice of slow cooking vegetables as method of \cooking for longevity.\
It's Time For A New Conversation About Food. I've made many visits to hog farms, dairy farms, chicken houses, cattle ranches, feedlots and even to sunflower harvests amid the bitter North Dakota winds. What I've come to understand is that farmers are neither \good\ nor \bad.\ There is simply more than one way to do the right thing.
Easy Apple Pie Filling for the Holidays. Canning this filling ahead of time is the perfect way to whip up a delicious dessert in minutes, without sacrificing the homemade part.
Jell-O With Shrimp Frosting, The Worst Vintage Recipe We've Ever Made (PHOTOS). Shrimp, frosting and Jell-O are three words we never want to see in the same sentence again.
Q & A With Carolyn Steel, Author of Hungry City. \Our brains have not evolved since Paleolithic times, when food was scarce and our ancestors had to eat as much as they could when food was plentiful in order to survive. We have Paleolithic appetites in a land awash with fat and sugar -- this is a recipe for disaster.\
A Place at the Table. I'm delighted to announce Food For Thought, a new HuffPost section in partnership with Chipotle. As part of our site-wide focus on well-being and sustainability, Food For Thought will be examining our attitudes toward food, asking where our food comes from and how it's produced, because there are plenty of forces and special interests at work that would rather you not ask too many questions -- at great cost to our environment, our health, and the planet. We believe that it's important to consider not only the food in front of us -- on our plates, in our kitchens, in restaurants we patronize -- but to look closely at the many stages of food production and preparation that are often invisible to us.
Yes, Organic Can Cost More. Here Are 10 Reasons Why It's Worth It. Governments and some big businesses know most people get the same buzz from a good discount as they get from gambling. But the \house\ always wins. This discount technique comes into play in our food, which most things are dirt-cheap compared to their organic counterparts.
The Best English Candy Bars, Ranked (TASTE TEST). Uh oh, there might be something better than a Snickers bar.
9 Candies That Adults Love But Kids Hate. Poor kids -- they don't know what they're missing.
How To Jazz Up Your Roasted Pumpkin Seeds (RECIPES). If you've been throwing away Jack-O-Lantern insides, you've been missing out.
Rachael Ray Catchphrases, Ranked By Annoyingness (GIFS). Cringe, cringe, cringe.
6 Brilliant Uses for an Ice Cube Tray. Our favorite ways to get the most out of our ice cube trays.
The QVC Host Who Could Convince You To Buy Dog Food If He Liked The Taste. Think that you're not in the market for a comfort food cookbook? David Venable might well change your mind. He could taste dog food and convince people to buy it.
Mendoza, Home of Wine and Rock. People in Mendoza, the province that makes the lion's share of Argentine wine, care a lot about rock. They care about the kind that underpins great terroir, but they also care about the kind you can blast from your stereo. Wine and music are inseparable in Mendoza -- but why?
Are Oreos Addictive? They're Trouble Regardless. As a nation, our eating habits are out of control. Instead of fixating on the latest study, we need to reject the status quo, vote with our grocery dollars, and call for the government to reallocate public funds to stem the spread of cheap junk.
The Fazool Trilogy. Pasta e fagioli, at least the way I like to make it, is more like a soup, or stew.
Culinary Interiors by. Where you eat and what you eat become one in this colorful series by Taubmans Paint Partners and Ross Lusted.
A Craft Brew Sell-Out? An Interview With Boulevard Brewing CEO John McDonald and Duvel Moortgart CEO Michel Moortgart. By the measure of fanatical hometown craft beer loyalty, Kansas City's Boulevard Brewing Company ranks about 175 on a scale of 100. No wonder then, that the announcement of Boulevard's sale to Duvel Moortgat Brewery of Belgium was greeted with some raw emotion.
'Famous Food & Drinks' By Federico Mauro Is Making Us Feel Food Feelings (PHOTOS). We get really warm and fuzzy about the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man.
10 Homemade Halloween Candies. Ten gooey, sticky, crunchy, decadent candies to be made at home.
Quotes That Prove Gordon Ramsay Is Surprisingly Self Aware. These quotes and GIFs only make us love him more.
Apple Dinner Recipes Are The Best Thing To Happen To Us In Fall (PHOTOS). We know, we know, you get that fall is apple season -- but hear us out.
Consuming Appetites. The importance we place on wanting, our sense of entitlement to consume, is a feature of American culture and identity that we often take for granted. We think of it as natural, that we have a right to want what we want and to achieve it. This poses a challenge to the concept of sustainability.
6 Great Ways to Barbecue Your Breakfast! Plus, the Best Dutch Pancake Recipe You'll Ever Eat. Plus, the best Dutch Pancake recipe you'll ever eat.
Haunted Hangouts. It's finally October, which means the countdown to Halloween is officially on. Some part of you wants to reminisce about the hysterical costumes of your youth, and where better to share some spook-inspired memories than at the local haunted watering hole?
How To Win Football Season. Yes, you read that correctly. Let's do this.
'Once Upon a Time' Ginnifer Goodwin's Favorite Healthy Recipe. This is veganism at its finest.
V-Tex Rapidcool Chiller Is Basically A Reverse Microwave (VIDEO). Goodbye ambitions to own a wine fridge!
Craft Brewery Or Indie Band. Oskar Blues, Lazy Magnolia, Widowspeak, Wye Oak ... which are bands and which are beers?
15 Reasons Why British Pubs Are Better Than American Bars. A man walks into a bar. Ouch. The poor bastard should have walked into a pub.
These Sexy Food Halloween Costumes Make Us Extremely Uncomfortable (PHOTOS). Whoever thought a skin-tight bacon dress was a good idea, we question your sanity.
The Best Maruchan Ramen Flavors, In Order (PHOTOS). We went to college once, you know.
Butterfinger Peanut Butter Cup To Debut In 2014. Nestle is coming for you.
America's Most Popular Room Service Items. These in-room best-sellers may surprise you.
Beyond Chicken Noodle. Go beyond chicken noodle. These soups are just what the doctor ordered.
The 7 Best Gluten-Free Tailgating Recipes. They're so delicious, none of your buddies will suspect they're gluten-free, let alone, er, healthy.
Here Are 21 of the Most Delicious Donuts in the Entire Country. Donuts. They're not just for cops anymore!
11 Reasons You Should Drink Coffee Every Day. Researchers from the University of South Florida and the University of Miami found that people older than 65 who had higher
Pappy Van Winkle Stolen. We would drown our sorrows with some Pappy, but now can't.
Pumpkin Dessert Recipes To Sweeten Up Fall (PHOTOS). This fall favorite is good for more than Jack-O-Lantern carving.
Stock Photos Of Kids Eating Is The Cutest (And Most Unrealistic) Thing You'll See Today (PHOTOS). Now, if only they ate like this in real life...
Cooking Off the Cuff. Last weekend our Saturday farmers' market was like an August market plus the makings of a Thanksgiving dinner.
Genius Pimento Cheese (+ Grilled Pimento Cheese and Bacon Sandwiches). Adapted slightly from Bon Appetit Pimento Cheese Dip 2 cups coarsely grated extra-sharp white cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces
How Long Do Things in Your Fridge Stay Good AFTER Their Expiration Dates?. Don't believe the printed hype! Keep eating that fish sauce!
The 3 Deadly Sins Of Cast Iron Skillet Care (PHOTOS). What did this beautiful piece of cooking equipment ever do to you?
Snack Time. Should I take the French approach and limit snacks to one a day at a closely prescribed time? Or plan for a few small meals to fend off inevitable meltdowns? For my kids and me, I've found it's best to snack -- with a caveat.
The Hardest Items To Find At The Grocery Store (PHOTOS). Honestly, why can't we just pick a place??
Avocado Sandwiches To Take Your Obsession To The Next Level  (PHOTOS). This one addition can transform your lunchtime go-to.
Apparently Peyton Manning Makes People Really Hungry For Pizza. Peyton, pass us a slice with extra cheese!
In Praise of Inauthenticity. Good food is good food, and pretension and pedigree doesn't change that.
America's Best Mac and Cheese (PHOTOS). No matter how they prefer it, enthusiasts would surely agree on two points
Bravo's Andy Cohen Talks Booze, Cooking and His Desert Island Picks. Andy Cohen is beloved for his ability to ask anyone just about anything -- but what about when the tables are turned?
A Good Fall Recipe. Sometimes you just have to let go and live with the consequences (like when your husband goes to pick up the CSA share for the week).
Mistakes You're Making With Fried Eggs (PHOTOS). How can something that provides so much joy also cause so much stress?
10 Great German Beers for Oktoberfest -- or Any Fest. Instead of saying auf wiedersehen to German brews, take these foreign styles for a spin.
The Best Kale and Why. Kale is everywhere. But which kind is the best?
Why Is Chocolate Rarely Wrapped in Foil and Paper These Days?. There are also some manufacturers, Alfred Ritter and their Ritter-Sport bars come to mind, who have tried to create flow
10 Marijuana Edibles That Could Pass As 'Real' Food. Marijuana business owners -- or ganjapreneurs -- are nothing if they aren't innovative.
Aeropress Coffee System Might Become One Of Our Favorite Kitchen Toys (PHOTOS). Another trip down the coffee nerd rabbit hole.
8 Gussied-Up Casseroles. Eight recipes to help you out of any casserole rut.
Are These The Worst Restaurants in America?. Deep in the recesses of the culinary dustbin are 10 restaurants that very well might be the worst in the country.
A Coming Out Party for Argentine Pinot Noir. Pinot noir is that most delicate of grapes, known to flourish in only a few small corners of the world
It's About Time You Tried A New Potato Soup Recipe. No rut is a good rut, even if it is a delicious rut -- so we're vowing to mix it up.
The 18 Best Ways To Cook Potatoes, In Order. Plus
The 8 Foods That Give You the Worst Breath, Ranked With the Power of Science. Ranked with the power of science.
Uncovering Some of the History Behind the Apron. \It will be a long time before someone invents something that will replace that old apron that served so many purposes.\
Talking Sake With Tora Matsuoka, Owner of Sen Restaurants. Sake sales outside of Japan are higher than ever before. Here, an expert discusses the trend, how to pair sake with food, and what makes good sake.
Chain of Thought - Citrus Blueberry Thyme Cake. A beautiful bunt cake for any season.
Lee Schrager Talks NYC Wine And Food Festival 2013. Founder and director of the New York City Wine & Food Festival dishes on this year's festival, which starts this Thursday.
The First Rule of Diet Club Is Don't Talk About Diet Club. When did it become societally acceptable to talk about whatever diet you're on to anyone and everyone who will listen?
Surefire Ways To Infuriate Your Restaurant Server. Or how to be the worst restaurant customer of all time.
The Most Adorable (And Creepy) Food Halloween Costumes For Babies (PHOTOS). Take cuteness (and creepiness) to a whole new level.
'Black Ninja' Burger Unveiled By Burger King Japan (PHOTOS). Don't worry, it's made of bacon.
10 Essential Food Rules for Americans in Italy. Italian food culture is probably very different from what you're used to at home. And since Italians have been perfecting it for over 1,000 years, try going with the wine and olive oil flow instead of fighting against the current when you're in Italy.
Anna Getty - Mother Earth. Anna Getty, of the Getty family fame, has devoted much of her life to eating organically,\nemploying eco-friendly practices, and utilizing sustainable, natural products.
Can't-Miss Cocktails You Have To Drink This Fall (PHOTOS). If you like cocktails, we have 10 more you'll love.
Eddie's Lunch Tumblr Will Put Your Packed Lunch To Shame (PHOTOS). He's basically the Picasso of sandwiches.
It's National Dessert Day! 5 Perfect Recipes to Make Right Now. 5 perfect recipes to make right now.
Paula Deen 'True Hollywood Story' Details Her Failures, Successes (VIDEO). The trials and tribulations of Food Network's former butter queen.
Great American Beer Fest 2013 Winners Announced. Category 69
Picnic Backpack Guarantees First Date Success. Take dating to the next level with the Picnic Backpack.
VEGAS. My favorite part of Marquee's two-year run as the most coveted nightclub from late 2010 through 2012 was the pizza that followed.
What to Make With a Korean Griddle. With the outdoor barbecue mothballed for the season, cooks may think food caramelized by intense heat has to wait. But maybe not...
An Apple a Day ... Takes Your Barbecue to the Next Level! Plus, the Three Best BBQ Sauce Recipes to Try Now. October is National Apple Month. Let's celebrate the contributions this storied fruit has made to American barbecue.
Because We Hate Ourselves, We Taste-Tested 9 Microwave Dinners. In a row.. Microwave dinners ranked from tasty to shouldn't-even-be-eaten-by-a-super-Hungry-Man.
The Only Vegetarian Crock Pot Recipe You'll Need. I've found an amazing vegetarian recipe to keep you busy this winter.
Ruby Tuesday's Pretzel Bun Problem. Pretzel-bun burgers may be all the rage, but they couldn't keep casual-dining chain Ruby Tuesday from a double-digit debacle.
The Easiest Butternut Squash Soup Ever. Just because it's easy doesn't mean it's not delicious.
King of the Fall Harvest and Pumpkin Mousse Pie!. This brilliant change of season brings with it an array of different foods. These provisions of nature are as awe-inspiring and varied as the daily changing kaleidoscope of autumn's leaves.
Utz Carolina BBQ Chips Are The Most Perfect Potato Chip On Earth (PHOTO). Sorry, every other kind -- we found the best.
Why Leftover Mashed Potatoes Are The Best Kind. If you loved them on day one, you're going to freak out about what you can do with their leftovers.
An Ode To The Cheap And Not Particularly Outstanding Neighborhood Restaurant. They are the places you go to because you are a neighborhood resident and they feel more like home than the really good place that people are trekking from far away to try.
Easy Ben & Jerry's Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream. The peanut butter ice cream is smooth and dreamy, and there are huge, bit sized chunks of peanut butter cups in every mouthful.
What Would the Candy Crush Candies Actually TASTE Like?. Ninety-seven percent of the world is hopelessly addicted to Candy Crush. But would you eat its candies?
'With Everything' Burger From Lotteria Is Too Much Of A Good Thing (PHOTO). TOO MUCH.
7 Basic Cooking Methods Everyone Should Know. A cheat sheet of the most common cooking methods and how to perfect them.
How to Make a Cake Out of Waffles. A cake to end all cakes -- with no baking required.
Questlove's Tips for Throwing a Killer Dinner Party. The Roots drummer and restaurant owner dishes on throwing a great dinner party.
The 7 Habits of Highly Stress-Free Hostesses. Does the mere thought of hosting a cocktail party require sedation with countless glasses of Chardonnay, hefty doses of ice cream and bed rest?
Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries With Cilantro-Lime Aioli. Served with a flavorful cilantro-lime Aioli, these sweet potato fries are incredibly delicious and as healthy as anything fried could ever be.
Daniel Boulud's Inspired Recipe. Daniel Boulud may have restaurants across the world, including a 3 Michelin star one, but he's still inspired by his mother and grandmother's cooking.
Dare Us To Make This Vintage Jell-O Recipe We Found On Reddit?. Reddit gave us one Grandma's crazy vintage recipe. Want to see what it's like in real life?
9 Fall Squash Recipes to Master This Season. From a creamy butternut squash soup to a hearty galette, here are 9 fall squash recipes to serve as new staples in your kitchen.
Warm Up This Fall With 12 Chili & Cornbread Recipes (PHOTOS). Twelve chili and cornbread recipes that will raise your temp in no time.
Frozen Tater Tots? No Shame In That Game. Sometimes the easiest thing is the best thing.
9 Cheeses We Would Happily Marry, If That Was Allowed. In sickness, and in health, for the rest of our lives.
The Best Reese's Candies Of All Time, In Order (PHOTOS). From totally unbearable to completely ethereal.
I Guess You Can Freeze This. You can, but you probably don't need to.
The Best Italian Restaurants In America. The great American Italian restaurant has changed in style probably more than any other genre of restaurant over the past several decades. We rounded up the 20 best Italian restaurants in America.
Remembering Marcella. \Lorennn\ -- I can still hear that smokey, Italian-accented voice in my head.  It belonged to the extraordinary Marcella Hazan who died a week ago in the art-filled apartment on the Gulf of Mexico that she and Victor, her husband of 60 years, shared.
Discontinued Ben & Jerry's Flavors We Wish Would Come Back (DEATHMATCH). Which flavor would you resurrect from the grave?
Using Dental Floss to Cut Cake, Cheese and Burritos [VIDEO]. Slicing will never be the same again. Just make sure to grab an unscented pack.
The Fazool Trilogy. Nanny never wrote down recipes. And it wouldn't have mattered if she did; I didn't pay attention to what went into her meals -- it was the delicious end result that was my only concern. So now I've tried my best to recreate her simple, Calabrese dishes.
10 Life Skills We Could All Learn From Professional Chefs. Why everyone should know what it's like to work in a commercial kitchen.
How To Make Your Own French Macarons (PHOTOS). And turn your kitchen into a French patisserie.
A Special Australian Cookie. If ever there was a \cookie\ that was a love letter, it would be the Anzac Biscuit.
The Great Wine & Food Matching Myth. There are no food and wine pairing rules, only guidelines.
The Tyranny of Tasting Menus. Recently there has been dissent in the ranks in regards to tasting menus, and while we can all agree that more than 10 courses might be construed as excessive, the Accidental Locavore happens to love the freedom involved in a tasting menu.
Idiot-Proof Recipes For Even The Worst Cook (PHOTOS). Are you a mess in the kitchen? We're here for you.
What Gordon Ramsay Eats When Training For A Triathlon. This foul-mouthed chef is finding zen as an athlete.
Living the Good Life at Full of Life Flatbread Pizza in Los Alamos California. Step into Flatbread and you enter a cornucopia of locally grown organic, farm to table quality food that tastes sensational.
Food Informants. Good school food definitely does not happen overnight.
Soft Pretzel Recipes, Because You Need One (Or 20). Ditch the concession stand and make these at home instead.
How to Decode a Wine Label. Never be intimidated by a wine label again.
My Favorite Harvest Vegetables. In the spirit of the Thankgiving holiday I thought I would share a list of my top five favorite harvest vegetables. There is just something amazing about this time of year and the bountiful harvest that comes with it.
Why The Fluffernutter Deserves Its Own Holiday. Happy National Fluffernutter Day!
Brittle Recipes That Go Way Beyond Peanut (PHOTOS). Fall in love with these crunchy treats.
Sausage and Gravy on Pasta. Where do recipes come from? From necessity, distant memories, and problem solving, mostly.
Eddie Huang Drinks Camel Vodka, Gags On Camel's Milk Cheese In Mongolia (VIDEO). The chef and man-about-town tours Mongolia for season 2 of 'Fresh Off The Boat.'
Make Your Own Damn Pumpkin Spice Latte For $1. \You likely have most (if not all) of the ingredients at home already,\ she wrote on her site. As the website name might
Read All About It. Now that Jerusalem has become one of the best selling cookbooks in recent years, it may be time to look at it in context.
This Food Video Will Make You Cry. In travel or in our daily lives, at restaurants or at markets, we pass by others, forgetting that all the people we interact with are just like us... human
Pumpkin Twinkie Dessert Recipe Is That Good. To say this recipe for Pumpkin Twinkie Dessert is insanely good is a gross understatement. It is so creamy, so flavorful, and just so downright decadent it's flat-out amazing.
J\u00e4germeister Spice Isn't A Totally Hideous New J\u00e4ger Nightmare. But it's still probably not our first choice.
Vaporized Beer Uses San Francisco Fog As Inspiration and Ingredient. It blankets the Golden Gate Bridge, shocks unsuspecting tourists, garners thousands of followers on social media, and now
5 Ways to Drink Your Bacon. It's clear bacon is no longer relegated only to the breakfast dishes, so,\u00a0let's just drink all the bacon.
The Complete Guide to Drinking Beer for College Students. From properly pouring a brew to the best beer for morning drinking, here's how to make sure your college years aren't totally wasted.
10 Free Restaurant Apps You Need to Have. There's an app for that.
5 Things You Didn't Know You Could Make in the Microwave. You may want to give your microwave a second look.
Seasonal Absence - Pineapple Coconut Cake. I'm charging full speed into my favorite flavor season... which doesn't just mean apples, pumpkins and warm spices...
The Most Ridiculous Food-Related Google Search Suggestions (PHOTOS). We're not sure who's at fault here, the people at Google or the people that actually search for these things?
10 Leafy Green Alternatives That'll Get You Through The Global Kale Shortage. Did you hear that, everyone? You're smothering kale. It needs its space.
All The Porchetta Recipes You Could Ever Want. If you aren't familiar with the glory of porchetta, allow us to show you the way.
Classic Breakfast Recipes To Make Mornings Better (PHOTOS). You'll want to get out of bed for this one.
Don't Just Drink Vermouth, Eat It (PHOTOS). The secret ingredient in martinis and Manhattans can also make your food extra delicious.
Mikey Likes It. Will he need the emergency bucket or not? Watch to find out.
Decadent Gluten Free Chocolate Zucchini Bread. From my first warm bite of this glorious bread, a lifelong love was formed
The Best New Restaurants Of 2013, According To 'Esquire'. Start booking your plane tickets...
Hello Kitty Kitchen Appliances Are Taking Over (PHOTOS, VIDEO). So much pink. Please send help.
Berry-Citrus Salsa Created by a Mexican Legend. This salsa is simply a miracle in a bowl of luscious berries with a detonation from the New Mexico's fiery chile manzano (a.k.a. per\u00f3n).
Can Fast-Food Workers Even Afford to Eat Fast Food?. Today, with the growing demands for fast-food outlets to shape up and offer healthy options on their ever-expanding menus, prices have been rising. And from the Fiesta Taco Salad at Taco Bell to the Big Philly Cheesesteak at Subway, some fast-food menu items are a bit pricier than you might expect.
Famous Food Lawsuits Worthy of 'Better Call' Saul Goodman. We're hoping that Vince Gilligan and Bob Odenkirk don't mind if we suggest a few juicy frivolous food lawsuits -- all 100 percent real court cases (but don't sue us over that claim) -- that our favorite shady shyster could sink his teeth into.
The Best Black Bean Dip. It may not win a beauty contest, but it's so flavorful, healthy and easy to make, you won't care.
The 5 Best One-Pot Vegetarian Dinners. My favorite weeknight vegetarian dinners that take little more to make than a stock pot and a ladle.
Lunch Monitor. Packing lunches and going over menus is a great way to make small changes in the way your kids eat. You can also go a step farther and help change school cafeteria menus. Most schools lack the funds to makeover their kitchens, but parents can help. How can you make a difference?
Solving the Mystery of Ocean-Aged Wine. The results were surprising. The sommelier declared that after three months of ocean aging, the 2009 vintage had been transformed into a 2007.
Ode to Marcella Hazan. The cover is gone from the first book and it is marked throughout on all of our favorite recipes. The second book is completely tattered and spotted with equal amounts of olive oil, wine and indistinguishable stains, the afterimages of the meals of our life together.
Mon Sherry. Host your own personal sherry fest in the comfort of your home by mixing up one of these sherry-based cocktails.
The Craziest Taco Recipes, Just For National Taco Day. Happy National Taco Day, everyone.
Hand Pies Are The Cutest Dessert Of All Time (PHOTOS). These recipes prove that bigger isn't always better.
The Best Breads Of All Time, In Order (PHOTOS). Find out where your favorite placed on our list.
Oreo Peanut Butter Is A Black Abyss We'd Like To Fall Into (PHOTO). Yes, you read that correctly.
How to Open a Bottle of Beer Without an Opener. A nice, non-twist bottle of beer, like a fine wine, or maybe also a banana, begins with a test. It says -- you have me, but first you must open me up.
Blame it on the Onion. When I was in Bangalore, India, I could not help but be intrigued by recurring news in the newspapers and on TV about the unexpected surge in the price of onions. The widespread coverage and the heated discussions surrounding the issue prove its enormous relevance in Indian politics.
News Flash. Americans are out-of-their-gourds in love with that tart orange beast. Should they be?
ilili & the Best Brussels Sprouts Ever!. When walking down Fifth Avenue by Madison Square Park there is a plethora of amazing eats. How will you ever choose? I can help aid in this huge life decision by suggesting ilili -- a contemporary Lebanese restaurant harmonized with the best of Mediterranean cuisine.
Speak Up With Jimmy. Attention foodies!  If you love truffles, watch my visit to the Truffle Cafe in Seattle and learn how to talk truffle.
Flash-Fried Brussels Sprouts With Garlic and Lime. The new way to serve the miniature cabbages is... fried!
Dessert Recipes For Raisin Lovers (Haters, Steer Clear). It's time to stop the hate.
The Antipode. And it's pure genius.
The Difference Between Apple Cider And Apple Juice. All explained in one simple picture.
Accidental Locavore. How many times do you get invited to lunch with an Iron Chef?
Never Eat A Boring, Dry, Depressing Pork Tenderloin Recipe Again (PHOTOS). We'll get through this together, everyone.
The Best Steak of Your Life. Cook it in reverse.
Historic Fort Omaha Turned Culinary School. When I set out for Omaha, Nebraska for a cooking event at the Institute for the Culinary Arts, I was planning to share my wisdom to the students. I was the one, however, who received quite an education, steeped in American history.
Cocktail + Cuisine Pairing Tips With Tom Colicchio. What makes a good pairing?
Chopped Ham And Pickle Sandwiches Are Way Better Than They Sound. Describing a chopped ham and pickle sandwich really doesn't do it justice.
Michelin Director Michael Ellis Shares The Downside To Being A Food Critic (VIDEO). Director Michael Ellis visits HuffPost Live, and reveals it isn't all fun and games.
Note to Self. One day I noticed a little supermarket bag on my desk with a Post-It note saying \from Ethne.\ It was filled with shishito peppers! I was very, very excited.
New York And California Are Conspicuously Absent From One Ranking Of Coolness. Getting your food from the region you live in can be good for the environment, good for the local economy, and good for our
Baby Kale Salad With Purple Carrot Ribbons, Kumquats and Sesame Vinaigrette. This salad, with all its exotic nuances, is equally as enchanting to the taste buds as it is to the eyes!I
Taking the Road Less Traveled in Tahoe. The Cedar House Sport Hotel is located just outside of Lake Tahoe in the charming city of Truckee. It's tucked back in the forest, just minutes away from the town that seems pleasantly frozen in time. It was the perfect spot to start my \road less traveled\ Tahoe weekend.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Or Rather, Not Cooking at All. One of the benefits of eating in restaurants is that you can pick up ideas about what to cook for dinner once you get home.
Foods and Drinks That Are Banned in America. Countries all over the world have their own lists of edible items that are banned from being imported or consumed. While some of the foods banned in the U.S. may seem obvious -- like the deadly Japanese blowfish -- others might be quite surprising.
Send Us Photos Of Your Best Halloween Food Costumes (CONTEST). Do you have a winning food costume?
Raw Cauliflower Couscous Salad. This salad is great to eat by itself, on top of a big bed of fresh greens or wrapped up in collard leaves. No baking, steaming, or cooking required!
That Time My Dog, the Food Critic, Came to HuffPost Live. Cooking has always brought people together. But cooking for my dog turned into a real-life bromance.
Warm Up With William Faulkner's Signature Cocktail. \Civilization begins with distillation.\u201d
The Right Way to Store Brown Sugar. There is one ingredient that never fails to make things difficult, entirely of its own accord
17 Reasons Avocados Are The Best Food In The Entire World. They're basically the miracle fruit.
Chocolate Peanut Butter Delights. I love Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, but I may just have found a way to improve on them.
The Pasta Chronicles. One afternoon in Florence, we donned clear plastic aprons, washed our hands vigorously, and took a cooking lesson from a bright-eyed Italian wag who taught us to make fresh pasta from scratch.
An Apple A Day. Eight sweet and savory recipes with apples.
The Inimitable Marcella Hazan. My goodness, what a life.  How many of us can know that we made an impact on so many, inspired so many, taught so many?
The Best M&M's Flavor. We're putting eight flavors of this classic head-to-head.
Vegetarian Food Porn That'll Convert The Carnivores (PHOTOS). In honor of World Vegetarian Day, a collection of gorgeously filthy imagery.
6 Things You Need to Know About Bratwurst! Plus, the Mile-Long Smoked Brat Sandwich You Must Eat. Plus, the mile-long smoked brat sandwich you must eat.
Mario Batali's 6 Surprising Mayonnaise Tips. Batali uses mayonnaise in everything from aioli to dessert. He even has a recipe for a banana and mayonnaise sandwich.
Gen Y Is Gen Wine. Millennials are a notoriously flighty, flaky bunch, so it comes as some surprise that they are leading wine industry growth -- a market plagued by old guard attitude and pretension.
10 Food-Based Social Media Habits That Need to Stop Immediately. Please stop doing all of these things immediately.
Natural vs. Regular Peanut Butter. Our brains know which one's better for us, but do our tastebuds know?
Irresistibly Delicious \Hello Dolly\ Bars. Dangerously easy to make and irresistibly delicious, these Hello Dolly Bars will earn their place in your heart and stomach.
Marion Nestle's Green Bean Moment. When I asked professor and author Marion Nestle how she got interested in the whole realm of food and nutrition and what kind of food she grew up eating, and she got this sentimental look on her face and said she was going to tell me about her \green bean moment.\
Give Your Pinto Beans The Recipe They Deserve (PHOTOS). We like to give the stalwarts of our kitchens their due respect whenever possible.
12 Sweet Treats Made Better With Salt. We're going far beyond chocolate-covered pretzels, folks.
Fifteen Sak-Tails for World Sake Day. To celebrate this holiday, here are 15 sake cocktails -- sak-tails, pronounced \socktails\ -- currently served at fine bars, restaurants and other venues nationwide:
'From Scratch' Goes Behind The Scenes At The Food Network. The Food Network is now rumored to be toying around with an idea similar to \The Chew\ to air on Saturday mornings. One of
You Can't Have a Proustian Fruit Moment With a Grape Gummy. Our communal fear of real, actual fruit and gravitation towards safe, sanitized, foodiness \fruit\ is really just an expression of our general obsession with safety across the board.
Bacon Is for Eating, Not for Marketing Checking Accounts. Baconmania needs to stop! Can't we just appreciate bacon for what it really is?
If You Love Ramen So Much, Why Don't You Marry It? (PHOTOS). You can prove your devotion to your favorite noodle soup on Etsy.
How To Prep For A Happy Halloween. Prepping for Halloween doesn't have to be scary, and if you start planning now, you'll be right on track for the holiday
The Secret to Making the Ultimate Chocolate Gelato. Extra virgin olive oil, double-dutch dark chocolate powder and chocolate pieces make this gelato silky-smooth.
The Best 25 Candy Bars Of All Time, In Order (PHOTOS). We've decided on the best way to satisfy an afternoon sugar craving.
How to Stock Your Fridge With Soda, Like a Boss. Unpacking drinks into the fridge will never be the same.
Bread Is Back. Croissant-making is like origami -- you measure and fold and tug it into shape.
What You Don't Know About Common Fruits May Surprise You. Need some great dinner-party small talk? Read on.
5 Styles of Ramen You've Never Seen Before. Anyone who has ever been to college, Japan, or upscale New York grocery stores knows that ramen is the most delicious food on the planet.
Seasonal Sweet Potato Soup With Grilled Cheese. Pair this sweet potato soup with a melty grilled cheese and you have a dinner fit for a cozy fall evening!
For Unexpected Guests, Use The Freezer To Your Advantage. Being a mom means always having to think on your feet, especially when your son or daughter brings friends home without warning
12 Tips for Perfect Fried Chicken, Plus a Master Recipe. Save and print the full recipe on Food52 12. Take your time, don't short cut anything, and give the chicken lots of room
Chang Is Wired. The top food trends circulating the minds of chefs and the mouths of editors comes to fruition in the October issue of Wired magazine. Let's talk umami and bugs!
The Funniest 'Saturday Night Live' Skits All About Food. From John Belushi's trademark belligerence in \Samurai Delicatessen\ to Alec Baldwin's innuendo-laden \Schweddy Balls.
Dim Sum Guide. No more guessing when the carts roll by.
Totchos Recipes Combine The Majesty Of Tater Tots And Nachos (PHOTOS). Tater tots + nachos = football snack heaven.
5 Iconic Recipes That Define America. Whether it's a family dish that's been passed down for generations, a recipe that's used to celebrate our religion, or something that's indicative of our culture, food has a way of tracing our roots back to their beginnings and defining who we are.
America's Best Chicken and Waffles (PHOTOS). It's a classic brunch dilemma
Making \Sense\ of Flavor. Isn't it fascinating to realize all the work your body is doing while you're doing something as (seemingly) brainless as eating? It's kind of awesome. Food's a complex chemical, and so are you!
Best Healthy Lunch Box Snack Recipes. These snacks are three healthy lunch box goodies that get my kids jazzed about lunch time.
Every Single Thing That Walt Jr. Eats for Breakfast on Breaking Bad. In celebration of the show's purest relationship, we've catalogued everything Flynn eats in the AM from the pilot to present.
5 Coffee-Spiked Recipes for National Coffee Day. We have a bit of a coffee habit here at Imbibe HQ, so we don't need much of an excuse to pour ourselves a second (or third
Collard Greens and Sweet Corn Buttermilk Cakes With Sumac-Sour Cream. These savory pancakes are delectable as an hors d'oeuvre or finger food.
Lotus Recipes. Lotus isn't just gorgeous, it's also delicious.
McDonald's Gives Its Menu A Fancy Makeover (PHOTOS). McDonald's like you've never seen it before.
Fall Cocktails. It's that time of year again to put whiskey back in its rightful place
How To Make Mason Jar Salads That Last. Are you looking for a new, portable lunch option? Mason Jar Salads are the way to go. The concept involves layering all the
Pumpkin Spice Latte Battle. We decided to compare two relatively new ones against the Starbucks classic
The Inspiration Behind Cronuts. We sat down with the chef from Dominique Ansel Bakery to discuss how he started cooking and who helped him along the way.
7 Things to Do with Quinoa That Aren't Salad. In case you haven't heard, quinoa is in. Try it in juicy burgers, creamy porridges, or even spicy enchiladas.
Grits Mistakes To Avoid For Cheesy, Creamy Perfection (PHOTOS). Let's never eat wallpaper paste again!
The Most Pretentious Ways To Make Coffee At Home (PHOTOS). Because apparently some people are okay with spending their life savings on a single kitchen appliance.
How to Make Your Own Greek Yogurt. I wasn't surprised when Greek yogurt became so wildly popular. It was about time that the world discovered what my yiayia, and fellow Greeks, always knew. Nothing beats a bowl of Greek yogurt!
The Best Movie Theater Food, In Order (PHOTOS). Where does your favorite fall?
Believe It or Not. Unexpected celebrities that own franchises of well-known chains.
Hollywood & Vine? The Latest in Wine Themed Movies. Wine-themed movies used to be few and far between. Fortunately for us wine lovers, that's changing. In just the last few months, First Run has released three wine-themed movies.
Speak Up With Jimmy. Do you love coffee and love to talk about it? Learn some coffee talk from baristas, as I visit the original Starbucks store at the Pike Place Market in Seattle.
Flounder Recipes For A Simple, Healthy Dinner (PHOTOS). Ariel association aside, we love this fish.
Restaurant Instagram Accounts You Should Follow Right Now (PHOTOS). You might be missing out on some of the best behind-the-scenes looks into the dining industry.
Food Informants. Okay, so being a distiller doesn't actually mean you down booze all day long... but it sort of does.
Beans In Chili. Guys, stop yelling! We can sort this out.
11 Legitimately Great Chicago-Style Pizzas Outside the Windy City. Why is it so damn hard to find a decent Chicago-style pizza outside Illinois?
Indian Summer's Apple-Ginger Sparkler. This fizzy drink makes for a cool refreshment on an Indian summer day.
The Best Light Beer (And The Worst). There's only one brand that passed our test. Find out which it is.
These Apple Cider Recipes Embody Everything We Love About Fall. Could there be anything more \fall\ than apple cider?
Why Does Dark Chocolate Taste So Nasty?. It tastes nasty to you, because your palette requires a high level of sweetness to go with the chocolate flavor.
Lunch With Italy's Best Chef. This lunch was something like we've never experienced before...
Retro Kitchen Products. Etsy goes retro.
Yes, You Really Do Want More Than One Onion Dip Recipe (PHOTOS). 15 onion dip recipes.
10 All-Star Bartenders You Should Know. These all-star mixologists are taking cocktails to the next level.
Flank Steak Recipes. Thanks for being the best, flank steak.
How to Make Bang-Up Blue Cheese Dressing. It's really an art more than a science.
Great Sushi in NYC. Sushi Dojo is a new favorite -- unpretentious and a very enjoyable experience.
Your Product was Accepted Into Whole Foods!  Now What?. Getting into Whole Foods, or any other major specialty food retailer, is a huge step for any aspiring food manufacturer.
Fred's Cake Candelabra Is On Our Birthday List (PHOTO). We all have that fancy friend. Go ahead, make their day.
A Visit to Gaja. Gaja. It is one of the most iconic names in all of Italian wine. Without Gaja, Barbaresco may not be the grand wine it is today.
These Are the 33 Best BBQ Joints in America. It's quite possible that no culinary tradition s more thoroughly American than barbecue (except for the Hot Pocket, of course).
Ketchup Recipes That Go Beyond Burgers And Hot Dogs (PHOTOS). Burgers, hot dogs -- take five, we're looking for something else.
The Best Potato Chip Flavor. Which chip reigns supreme?
Culinary School Restaurants. These restaurants serve high-quality food at prices that won't break your budget.
The Best Colleges for Food in America for 2013. If food is your priority, make sure you keep those transfer forms handy after reading these picks for most outstanding campus dining.
9 Muffins, Scones and Biscuits for Anytime Snacking. The best way to wake up in the morning.
Burger King 'Satisfries,' New Lower-Calorie French Fries, Leave Us Decently 'Satisfried'. Satisfrying? Good enough.
Jack in the Box Now Has a Cheeseburger Topped with a Grilled Cheese Sandwich & More Munchie Monstrosities. Jack in the Box now has a cheeseburger topped with a grilled cheese sandwich on their new late night menu. We see what you did there, Jack in the Box.
Burger King Adds Pricier, Healthier Fries. Fall seems to be the season for revamping QSR french fry offerings. Wendy's introduced its Natural-Cut Fries with Sea Salt
'50 Shades Of Grey' Wine Is Totally Real And Completely Without Irony (PHOTO). Both sell for $17.99, which is a heck more expensive than your average bottle of Yellowtail. It all seems a bit gimmicky
Hello Kitty Beer Gets Plenty Of Buzz. But Hello Kitty producer Sanrio insisted to Today it was not marketing to minors. Because Hello Kitty turns 40 years old
France vs. the U.S.. Maison Kaiser makes probably one of the best croissants I've had in New York. Just the right size, full of flavor and a perfect texture.
Get Ready for 'Batman' With These Ben Affleck-Approved Recipes. We're skipping the cape and going straight for the superhero cuisine.
MGM Grand Chefs Prepare for Burger Bash. Shibuya
The Slightly Disgusting Origins of Haute Cuisine. To appreciate the sublime, the philosopher-politician Edmund Burke said was to appreciate terror in captivity. While Burke was mostly talking about paintings of thunderstorms, the concept could also apply to food. Is that the secret sauce to the novelties now encountered on our plates.
Plum Crisp With Cornmeal Streusel and Bourbon Cr\u00e8me Fra\u00eeche. This mouthwatering crisp is made with two ingredients the U.S. South is well known for -- Bourbon and cornmeal
The Lost Art of the Candy Aesthetic. Next time you're in the grocery store, take a good look at the chocolate candy on the shelves.  See anything different?
How to Ripen Fruit Faster. You don't have to wait any longer -- here's how to speed up your fruit's ripening.
Taste of Mexico. Alexis is the executive chef overseeing all of the restaurants in the Grupo Vidanta hotels, including Grand Luxxe and Grand Mayan. He is a man that is passionate about food. He has a wealth of information when it comes to the cuisine of his homeland, Mexico.
The Regal Vegan. Meet Ella Nemova, the Founder and Chief Faux Gras-preneur of The Regal Vegan, an artisan food company in Brooklyn focused on decadent vegan treats. Her opinions are fiery, and her suggestions eye-opening.
11 Foods That No Man Should Eat... Ever. No man should ever eat these... at least when people are watching.
50 Of The Best Dessert Recipes Of All Time. We're warning you
The 10 Best Ways to Get Your Daily Apple Fix. With all the ripe, colorful options at farmers markets, there's no reason to hold back from stuffing apples into pies, sauces, soups and drinks.
Raw Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). Eating healthy just got easier.
The Best Etsy Mugs For Your Coffee And Tea (PHOTOS). What does yours say about your personality?
Couscous Recipes For Breakfast, Lunch And Dinner (PHOTOS). For every meal of the day.
Persimmon Recipes For The Fall Season (PHOTOS). We're giving this fruit its 15 minutes of fame.
How to Make Perfect Moon Cakes for Chinese Mid-Autumn Festival. Homemade moon cakes are as different from store-bought as night and day.
Grilled Shrimp Skewers With Tomato, Garlic & Herbs. They're perfect for entertaining -- either as an appetizer or main course -- because all of the prep is done ahead of time.
Zucchini. Whether you're craving sweet or savory, zucchini can be transformed in so many wonderful ways.
Pancake Fails. You might want to skip breakfast if these make an appearance.
Lentil Soup Recipes You're Going To Love (PHOTOS). You couldn't get through fall without it.
Heinz Ketchup. Sometimes the best is the best and everyone else should just quit it.
How to Make Genius Microwaved Eggplant. We'd like to make an announcement
Cooking Off the Cuff. Why do we wait (or at least think we should wait) until winter before cooking dishes like this?
Easy Vegan Pancakes. I'm not vegan. I'm not even a vegetarian. And I still say these Vegan Pancakes are some of the best pancakes I've ever eaten!
Dennis Rodman Pistachio Ad Is Exactly As Confusing As It Sounds (VIDEO). To sell... pistachios? Please send help.
Is Jason Boso's Truck Yard a Glimpse of the Future?. This Texas \food park\ is one you'll want to visit.
Rachael Ray Weighs In On Twerking, Rap And More (VIDEO). This is more than we ever needed to know about her.
Food Informants. Sounds like a pretty great week, actually.
GIFs Of Kids Eating Are The Best Thing You'll See Today. The cute, the messy, and the shameless.
Dehydrator Recipes. Yes, you can make more than dried fruit in that thing.
Ornellaia at 25. In the past quarter of the century, Tenuta dell'Ornellaia, an Italian winery in the Tuscan coastal town of Bolgheri, has become, or has achieved you might say, first growth or cult wine status since its first vintage in 1985.
Colin McQuistan Of 'My Foodee Blog' Eats Grass, Cat Food, Toothpaste (PHOTOS). But WHY?
DIY Cherry Pie Filling Is So Much Better Than Canned. Redeeming cherry pie filling from its gloopy, canned past.
10 Layered Desserts (to Step Up Your Sweets Game). Step aside, cookies. These 10 stacked desserts are sure to wow and delight.
Kitchen Hack. These few tips will make your shrimp faster, easier, cleaner and more beautiful.
Heirloom Tomato Recipe. This tomato salad recipe just makes subtle improvements on the beloved caprese salad. Instead of fresh mozzarella, it calls
Mattei's Tavern in Los Olivos Embraces Timeless History but Fuels Creative Culinary Change. History counts. Mattei's Tavern, one of the oldest rustic wood structures in California, gets high marks for establishing a new beginning, just as popular, if not more than its roots.
Falling in Love, With Food. There was nothing in our wedding vows about eating tasty vittles forever and forever, but there may as well have been.
Easy Red Velvet Cheesecake Brownies. It's a gift for you because it's easy and a gift for your loved ones, because, well, it's Red Velvet Cheesecake Brownies.
Simple Strategies to Ease Lunch Packing Pain. It's a mere few weeks into the school year and I'm already dreading lunch. What's more stressful is a tossup
Savory Bourbon Recipes Give Us Another Way To Enjoy Whiskey (PHOTOS). This whiskey reminds us just how versatile it can be, just in case you needed another excuse.
The Best Chain Pizza Joint. Because once in a while, having a pepperoni pie delivered to your door is a godsend.
Dessert Dumpling Recipes (PHOTOS). Put the pork, shrimp and vegetables aside.
How To Cook Shrimp And Mistakes To Avoid (PHOTOS). Let's never wrestle with an overcooked, rubbery one again, okay?
Curried Cauliflower & Potato Crackers. If you love the Indian curried dish of cauliflower and potatoes, a.k.a Aloo Gobi, as much as I do, then you've come to the right place.
10 Food-Related Twitter Handles You Need to Start Following This Very Second. You should totally follow these game-changers.
Want a Better Food System? Then Get Your Hands Dirty. Be curious. Ask thoughtful questions and search for meaningful answers.
Fresh Fig Crostini With B\u00fbcheron Cheese and Thyme. The contrast of the sweet figs with the pungent semi-aged goat cheese is sublime -- an addictive finger food!
A Periodic Table For Boozers (INFOGRAPHIC). And a great way to learn your cocktails.
A Chat with Michael Evans of The Vines of Mendoza. The Vines of Mendoza has grown into a wine and tourism phenomenon. We asked Michael Evans how it all started and where it's going next.
Homecoming Meals. The editor-in-chief of SAVEUR magazine's recipe is even better than we expected.
The Best Sour Cream And Onion Chips. There's a formula for perfection, and we think we may have found it.
Curry Recipes For That Bottle On Your Spice Rack (PHOTOS). It goes in pretty much everything -- even cake.
Confit Recipe. This old-school technique isn't nearly as complicated as it seems.
How to Get the Best Service From Your Butcher. Go from Newbie to meat master.
KFC's Cheese Donut Hits Stores In Indonesia (PHOTO). This donut breaks all the rules.
Great Organic Food. Life in Los Olivos is more than just swell. It's perfect because Sides Hardwear and Shoes is meant to last a very long time. Like the leather on a saddle... it just gets better and better over time.
World's Best Food Markets. \There's no better way to feel the pulse of a city or to understand the local culture than to visit a market.\ -- Andrew Zimmern
America's Best Hot Dogs. From classic franks to artisan wieners with toppings like kimchi, here are the nation's best hot dogs.
The Worst Inspirational Coffee Mugs. It's not that we have anything against uplifting quotes, but these are too much for the early am.
Coquilles St. Jacques \u00e0 la Proven\u00e7ale. My mother's recipe for Coquilles St. Jacques \u00e0 la Proven\u00e7ale has been a favorite since I was a wee tot.
Why I Believe in Mandatory Service. Nope, I'm not writing about military service. I have come to strongly believe that we would, in fact, live in a better, kinder world if every teenager took a job in the service industry before entering adulthood.
Wine Tasting in the Un-Hamptons. The 40 mile stretch of land from Riverhead to Orient, also called the North Fork, is decidedly the un-hamptons, as the locals will proudly tell you. This is Long Island wine country, which is currently witnessing a wine revolution of sorts.
Juicy Lucys, Frito Pies, and Other Regional Foods That Need to Be Everywhere. Juicy Lucys, Frito pies, lobster rolls...
Recipe Of The Day. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Get more fennel recipes. Get
Mac And Cheese Mistakes You Might Be Making (PHOTOS). This is not a melted cheese opportunity you want to squander.
Best Chicken Wings in the U.S.. From a cult Korean wings spot to elegant confit deboned wings from genius chef Jos\u00e9 Andr\u00e9s, here are America's best chicken wings.
Fried Dough From Around The World (PHOTOS). We're not the only country that loves this treat.
A Fall Pizza Recipe. This pizza makes a great movie night snack or easy dinner.
Whiskey And Women. Seriously. We've written about all of it. Please shut it down.
Peanut Dessert Recipes You Have To Make (PHOTOS). 22 ways to celebrate this food holiday.
Marinated Feta With Pan-Roasted Shishito Peppers and Olives. Shishito peppers are small Japanese sweet peppers; they're skinny and slightly twisted, slightly smoky and sweet with a hint of bitterness.
How Short Ribs Make You A Better Cook. It gives you a flavorful, fork-tender dish every time.
Soup Recipes Simmering With Chicken, Potato, Veggies And More. Bisques, chowders and more!
Nancy's Organic Kitchen Goes Blog to Blog for the Best Lemon Pie in Your Life!. Although I never knew my grandfather on my father's side of our family, I discovered his southern roots. He landed in Beaufort
America's Best Sandwiches (PHOTOS). Our favorite sandwiches defy cultural boundaries, blur ethnic lines, and run the gamut from traditional to molecular.
Foodscapes By Carl Warner Are Giving Us Edible Wanderlust (PHOTOS). These incredible landscapes are also edible.
Grand Daddy of California Wine Events. The two-day annual Family Winemakers of California Tasting in San Francisco (FW) is the most comprehensive showing of California wines in the state. It's the one event all year in which great small producers like Paloma and Seavey regularly participate.
The 10 Salad Dressings to Know. 10 essential salad dressings to know -- just add lettuce.
20 Ways To Get Your Kimchi Fix. Did we say kimchi grilled cheese? Oh, yes we did.
El Torito's New Menu Includes Ceviche Tacos and Jalape\u00f1o Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp. As members of a food-news publication, none of the FOODBEAST editorial staff could remember the last time they entered or covered a story for a Casual Dining-Mexican restaurant. But that may be about to change.
Maple Syrup & Honey Walnut Cake. Baking, is in fact, a miracle. And this little miracle made me very happy.
Lazy Cooking Tips for When You Just Don't Care. For when you just don't care.
Amy Dixon Bakes the Very Best at the Baker's Table. You might think Christmas came early in our little town of Santa Ynez. Newly opened, The Baker's Table, an artisan bakery, is the IN spot for locals and tourists who would prefer their morning cup of Green Star coffee organically roasted served alongside a freshly baked croissant.
Power-Ranking the Top 25 Old-School Lunchbox Snacks. From day-ruiner to day-maker.
The Only Banana Bread Recipe You'll Ever Need. Oil and yogurt give this banana bread a super moist, soft and fluffy texture.
Homemade Pasta Recipes, Because It's So Much Better Fresh. It's so much better when made fresh.
Chocolate Milkshake Recipes For National Chocolate Milkshake Day (PHOTOS). We're giving you 15 recipes to celebrate.
Recipe Of The Day. Because homemade chips are always the way to go.
McDonald's Mighty Wings Debut Nationwide, Are Super Crispy. Like KFC, but smaller and better.
Figs Glorious Figs. Now that fall has arrived, I am relishing the last batches of figs
Cooking Off the Cuff. Western flavors for a Chinese classic.
VIDEO. For the real deal, there's just nothing like a true wild salmon.
Top 5 Tastes. I hope you've noticed I've been on hiatus. After fantastic fresh seafood and too much ros\u00e9 on vacation, I've returned ready to explore the new 'hoods goods.
7 Vegan Recipes to Spark Your Creativity. These dishes stand on their own rather than trying to replicate their meaty counterparts. Now go eat your vegetables!
How To Load A Dishwasher Like A Brilliant Genius (VIDEO). There can be a method to your madness, and it will earn you clean plates.
Why I Hate a Food You Probably Love. Pickles are the worst. I hate them. Every last briny one of them.
Food Informants. Food critics eat Oreos! Gasp!
Semifreddo Recipes That Prove There Is Dessert Beyond Ice Cream. It's the only thing better than ice cream.
Beer Jelly. Because everybody wants a peanut butter and beer sandwich, right?
Recipe Of The Day. Flavored with brandied caramel.
Improve Your Life By Cooking With Beer (PHOTOS). Drink it, cook it -- it's magical both ways.
Ground Turkey Recipes That Are Actually Delicious. You won't miss the beef for a second.
What Rapper 2 Chainz Eats for Breakfast. We'd probably eat a lot worse if we went to bed at 7 a.m. most days.
Food Portmanteaus We Wish Would Go Away (PHOTOS). Brunch, you can stay. Linner, get the hell out of here.
Football Snacks. And it's pizza guys. You can never go wrong with pizza.
A Lime Cut Three Ways. The recipe for a good rum punch, this one put together from many trips to the Caribbean, is a universal one.
Pumpkin Spice M&M's Make An Autumn Debut. Jumping on the pumpkin-flavored bandwagon.
Can San Gennaro Save New York City's Little Italy?. The Feast of San Gennaro brings hope each year as it showcases the much-needed Italian restoration and preservation of Little Italy, a struggling, old Italian neighborhood.  We must unify to uplift and give New York's Little Italy the Italian cultural renaissance it so rightly deserves.
How to Make Rugelach. These miniature crescent-rolled pastries are delicious to eat and fun to make.
WATCH Anthony Bourdain's Ingredients Get 'Remixed'. This remix makes us want to get down with some beets and beats.
Pizzelle Cookies. Eat these plain, sprinkle with powdered sugar, slathered with nutella and made into a sandwich, or shaped into an ice cream cone.
School Lunch Project. How exactly do you pack a quesadilla in a lunchbox?
Weird Produce. That thing where you buy the vegetable that earns a \WTF?\ at check-out time.
Recipe Of The Day. Topped with a tomato-and-avocado salsa.
A Love Letter To Cilantro. It's the best herb around.
Why Being a Food Critic Isn't as Fun as You'd Think. The only thing less enjoyable than eating a so-so meal is to have to go home and write about it.
Ib\u00e9rico Ham Porn With Ferran Adri\u00e0 and Joselito. Watch only if you are prepared, and near a store/restaurant that sells this ham.
14 Things You Didn't Know About Sriracha, Including Its Proper Pronunciation. Including its proper pronunciation.
The Best Fruit, In Order (PHOTOS). Did your favorite come in first?
Canada Dry Hot Ginger Ale, Coca-Cola's First-Ever Warm Soda, To Hit Shelves In Japan (PHOTO). Hot soda is something we've never even thought of trying. Until now.
Campbell's New Chunky Soup Flavors Are Literally The Worst. Just in time for football season (because apparently Campbell's is the official soup sponsor of the NFL), the company has
Burrito Rant By Blogger 'Lucky Shirt' Is Hilariously Over-The-Top (NSFW). Read the post in full over at Medium. [via Laughing Squid] When blogger Lucky Shirt was recently served a poorly assembled
The 11 Hardest Desserts To Make, Ranked. You might think twice next time you eat an eclair.
Wynona Winters. \I've been a rancher since I was a little bitty girl,\ Wynona Winters says. \My grandfather and grandmother were ranchers, and my daddy was a rancher, and I married a rancher. I'm 77. Ranching is my love. I think you have to love ranching to do it.\
America's Best Bakeries (PHOTOS). 
Recipe Of The Day. The best dinner you can prepare in just 10 minutes.
The Top 25 Things You Absolutely Need for a Proper Tailgate, in Order. 25 things you absolutely do need when tailgaiting.
8 Ways To Make Your Guacamole That Much Better. When it comes to this avocado dip, only the best will do.
Supersized Japanese Food! (PHOTOS). There's a stereotype that only American food is jumbo-sized. That stereotype is wrong.
Bruschetta With Ricotta, Grilled Eggplant and Fresh Mint. A few simple ingredients becoming gorgeous mouthfuls... My favorite way to cook summer fare.
Grilled Corn Dos & Don'ts! Plus, the Best Corn You'll Ever Eat. Summer corn is still in season. Here are five great ideas from around the world.
Labor Day Grilling. Because it's probably unconstitutional not to grill on Labor Day, the Accidental Locavore decided to do the patriotic bit
'Spaghetti Gelato' Just Makes Total Sense. Another hybrid food! But this one is pretty cool.
The Truth About Pumpkin Seeds Will Make You Want Them Even More. Is it too early to start talking about pumpkins? What about pumpkin seeds?
Going Gluten-Free Means Changing Your Diet ... and Who You Date. This exists.
Sean Brock Attempts To Eat Prince's Extra Hot Fried Chicken (VIDEO). So good, but so hot.
Toasting Boardwalk Empire. In honor of Boardwalk Empire's season premiere, try one of these recipes that were really enjoyed during Prohibition -- and be sure to toast its repeal!
Baking Cupcake Tips And Mistakes To Avoid. Don't ruin these little cakes!
The Best NFL Stadiums for Craft Beer. Beer is to football as oxygen is to life, right?
The 13 Best, Booziest Craft Beers for Tailgating. Carry less, drink better, and feel the effects much faster. It's a win-win-win.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the best way to showcase this fruit.
Fries Don't Lie. It's the ultimate American side dish prepared the way we love them -- fried and salted.
Mason Jar Pies. Baking at its cutest.
Funded Kickstarters. We can't wait for these food products to hit shelves.
Delicious Family Dinners in 30 Minutes or Less. Spice up your weeknight repertoire with these fast and delicious family-friendly meals.
The Simplest and Best Chicken Fingers. Amazing, and amazingly simple, chicken fingers.
Za'atar Gives Your Brunch a Swift Kick in the Tomatoes. It's the hangover helper of your ancestors.
The Snackadium. A football stadium made entirely out of snacks!
10 Famous Movie Characters You'd Like to Drink With. From James Bond to Frank the Tanks, movie characters we'd love to drink with.
Zac Posen And Eric Ripert Make Sea Urchin For 'On The Table' (VIDEO). Listen, you've got to respect someone who cooks Eric Ripert something he's never tried before.
Mushroom Hunting With the Pros. Doug has been hunting mushrooms commercially in the Pacific Northwest for 30 years. In recent years I've been roaming with him, meeting the pickers and buyers who work in a hidden economy known as the mushroom trail.
Every Fritter Recipe You Want And Need. It's the best thing to do with your vegetables.
10 Cheesy Tailgating Snacks. Gooey, crispy, creamy -- we've got your cheese-filled snacks covered with these 10 recipes.
Best Food Bloggers. They're just the inspiration you need for fall cooking.
Recipe Of The Day. You'll want to put this on everything.
Top Three Reasons To Visit The Willamette Valley Now. JORY Restaurant takes its name from a type of soil that surrounds the restaurant and The Allison Inn. It's good for veggies
The Best Slow Cookers. Make dinnertime easier.
Which Apples Are Best?. A guide to cooking with the many varieties of this favorite fruit.
Incredible Graham Cracker Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). They're good for so much more than s'mores.
Bruschetta And Crostini Recipes. Your bread can handle more than just tomatoes and basil.
Sandra Bullock's Sweetest Family Tradition. This recipe has been handed down through generations.
Writing a Cookbook. What does it take to write a cookbook?
Don't Do This at Home! Keep Your Eye on the Barbie When the Corn's on the Grill. First rule of cooking
Food Ads vs. Real Food Photos. When photographers become magicians.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the best way to celebrate the macadamia nut.
Food Words You Should Never Use (VIDEO). Unctuous, succulent, crispy, oh my!
The Importance of Ice Cream. I can't remember how my family came to know about the creamery. It was a little farm in Newtown, Connecticut that boasted more than 50 flavors of ice cream -- a little scoop of heaven, to be cliche.
Homemade Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Enjoy your favorite childhood cereal without ending up in a sugar coma.
Cooking Off the Cuff. When your principal ingredient is no longer in season, consider simply leaving it out.
The Best New Celebrity Cookbooks. Learn from the stars.
Gluten-Free Spice Muffins With Dark Chocolate Streusel. Brown rice flour is your friend in these light and fluffy muffins.
Haricots Verts With Tarragon Butter. These delectable beans are so versatile, they can be served with just about any summery meal.
Food Informants. Eat, drink, repeat.
Just in Time for Rosh Hashana. Just in time for Rosh Hashana.
8 Reasons to Eat More Eggplant. Make the most of the time you have left with this underrated summer vegetable (actually, it's a fruit!).
Recipe Of The Day. It's time to master the tuna steak.
Rosh Hashanah Sweet Kugel. A time-honored recipe to ring in the Jewish New Year.
The Best Pie Flavor. Are you a pumpkin fan or is blueberry more your thing?
Mimosa And Bellini Recipes. Bellini and mimosa recipes for lovers of bubbly.
Biscuit Sandwich Recipes (PHOTOS). Don't even try using sandwich bread.
The Fake People Behind Your Favorite Foods. The mythical namesakes behind some of your favorite foods.
Back-To-School Breakfast Recipes (PHOTOS). Don't let the school year ruin the greatest meal of the day.
Chicken And Waffle Wings -- Your Chicken And Waffles Just Got A Little More Portable!. Your chicken and waffles just got a little more portable!
A Taste of Fall's Best Cookbooks. So many of our favorite chefs are releasing cookbooks this fall. Here's a taste.
Balm Chicky Balm Balm, '70s Adult Film-Inspired Lip Balm. Balm chicky balm balm...
There Are HOW MANY Kinds of Milk for Sale?. SEE MORE
How to Build the Perfect Burger. A graphical depiction of acceptable toppings.
VIDEO. Enjoy the tradition of Parma!
Tobacco. If you order an ordinary chocolate milkshake or banana split when the same menu includes tobacco-scented sodas and peppercorn floats, does that mark you as cowardly and dull -- or very brave?
Southern California Restaurant Debuts Half-Kangaroo, Half-Bacon Burger. This chain has a knack for walking the line between mouth watering and headline worthy.
Your Ultimate Labor Day 6-Pack. As we get ready to fire up the grill and settle in for a suds-soaked holiday weekend, we've pulled together a mixed six-pack of some of our favorite picks.
Easy & Delicious Panzanella Recipe. This light & fresh bread salad is a perfect accompaniment to a seafood dish. Panzanella is an Italian salad made of toasted or stale bread chunks, tomatoes and onion. It is dressed in a vinaigrette of olive oil and vinegar.
The Best Cucumber Salad. In Bridgehampton, NY there's a great little Sicilian restaurant, Osteria Salina, serving up delicious Italian food. While everything on the menu is great, the simple cucumber antipasto they bring out as soon as you sit down really stands out.
Love Me, Love My Instagrammed Oatmeal. Is it just me, or are we facing a severe shortage of opinions about what one should and-more importantly-shouldn't share on a social network? To be exact, I have Instagram in mind.
Ranch Dressing Cookies By Rogue Bakery Have Officially Blown Our Minds (PHOTO). Somehow, some way, we actually kind of liked these?
Recipe Of The Day. What better way to celebrate National Toasted Marshmallow Day?
Try the Soda Jerk Cocktail. Spike your old-timey cream soda with tequila and Campari.
How to Deal With Fresh Tomatoes. All the skills you need to get your tomatoes ready for cooking (or eating).
Fruit Salad Recipes That Aren't Boring. Let's take back fruit salad, guys.
Laborless Labor Day Cocktails. Whether you're headed to the beach this weekend for a final summer hurrah or if you're planning a leisurely staycation, Labor Day will hopefully be filled with good food, tasty drinks and a bit of relaxation.
7 Ways to Eat Dip for Dinner. Why not make the dip the star of the meal?
Hamburger GIFs. When it comes to burgers, it's not even necessary to go into why we love them. (They're just perfect, okay?!) Burgers are
Best Colleges for Tailgating. Time to dust off the body paint, the team sweatshirts, party beads and face tattoos, and fire up the grill
How To Make The Best Guacamole. Don't be the person who ruins this dip.
The Significance of the Cherry Blossom. The cherry blossom tree is truly a sight to behold, especially when it is in full riotous bloom. In Japan, the cherry blossom is more than just a beautiful flowering tree.
Interview with David Duncan, CEO of Silver Oak Cellars. Many in the wine industry are saying that this is the moment for American wines. As the harvest comes into full swing, I caught up with David Duncan, CEO Silver Oak Cellars and Twomey Cellars, to talk about the wine season, the state of the industry, and insider tips to wine country.
Best of Summer Cocktails. A sampling of my favorite summer cocktails.
WATCH. Meet Luke Holden, the president and founder of Luke's Lobster, a sustainably focused Maine seafood company based in New York City. Luke is a proud Mainer, or \Mainiac.\
Daym Drops Reviews Taco Bell's Fiery Doritos Locos Tacos (VIDEO). A match made in heaven that we didn't even know we were hoping for
How to Make Any Caramel Corn in 5 Steps. Take back caramel corn from the state fair
Vintage Candy Bars. America's most interesting vintage candy.
Food Clothing. Fast food pasties, anyone?
4 Fruitsicles So Good You Might Forget Summer Is Almost Over. Patience is a virtue with these yummy snacks but trust me, all are well worth the wait!
How To Reheat Leftovers. This is borderline offensive.
An Ode to the Sidecar Cocktail. Like any great classic cocktail, the sidecar -- a refreshing, delightfully olde-timey mix  -- a has a murky past.
Watermelon and Smiles in Greece. Imagine, a visit to a farmer's market being the gateway to a flash of clarity full of insightful warmth of a very revivifying nature.
School Lunches Kids Love -- and Hate. Back to school!
Is Food Art? Chefs, Creativity, and the Restaurant Business?. Chefs both artisans and business persons, expected to offer patrons dishes that stimulate and surprise them. Do haute cuisine and the arts maintain similarly complex relationships with patrons and investors? The tension between commercial requirements and innovation is not easily resolved.
Vegan M&Ms Are In The Works. These are not only vegan, but allergy free too.
Labor Day Recipes. The complicated, messy, pungent, must-be-eaten-right-now delights to make on your day off.
Deviled Egg Mistakes. What not to do with these backyard cookout essentials.
Meet The Jellied Irish Coffee Cocktail, The Throwback Cocktail Of The Week (PHOTO). Good or bad? You decide.
Chopped. Which chopped salad reigns supreme?
Chinese Food Explained (INFOGRAPHIC). Get to know your Shandong from your Shanghai.
Avocado Ranch Dressing Recipe. It's the best thing that's ever happened to ranch dressing.
Self Stirring Mug. Or, 'you must have very delicate wrists and not own any spoons.'
Top 25 Food Trends of 2013. The most amazing things Andrew Knowlton saw, heard, and yes, devoured during his 120-day, 26,333-mile, 22-state tour of the country's best new restaurants.
Mussels Recipes. Easy and delicious seafood for all.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Really ripe peppers -- the kind you can smell from ten feet away at the farmers' market -- and tomatoes are gracing our New York City Greenmarkets.
Hot Dogs Five Ways for Labor Day. A \hot dog bar\ is the perfect solution to not feeling guilty about serving \hot dogs\ at your next gathering.
How to Make Fries That Taste Like McDonald's'. Homemade french fries that taste just like McDonald's fries. Really.
Food World Records. From coffee cup mosaics to donut towers, these definitely don't lack creativity.
Pizza Bean Bag Chair Is A Little Slice Of Heaven (PHOTO). Yes, like a disco nap, but with more pizza.
Apple Honey Recipes For Rosh Hashanah That Won't Bore You To Death (PHOTOS). Another year, another oh-my-gosh-it's-Rosh-Hashanah-already?
Finally. You may want to avert your eyes.
Seduction by Bacon. Bacon is the ultimate accessory for any seductive dinner.
Burgundy Okra Shoestring Fries. Crispy and still a bit chewy, with a delicate but unmistakable okra flavor, these shoestring fries are addictive.
6 Uses for Leftover Pickle Brine. Start thinking of leftover pickle brine as an ingredient in its own right.
America's Best Tacos. When you close your eyes and picture a perfect taco, what do you see?
WATCH. Brooklyn-based food truck El Olomega shares their family's secret recipes for pupusas, a traditional El Salvadorian-style street food.
A Four-Year-Old Invents the Ultimate Breakfast Cereal. The best part of every single awesome cereal, all in one amazing bowl.
Breaded Chicken Recipes. The Parmesan monopoly ends here.
10 Bonkers Pizza Toppings We (Mostly) Want to Devour Right Now. We (mostly) want to devour right now.
Food52 Provisions. We all deserve a treat, every once in a while.
A Dedication to a Grandmother in the Kitchen. Grandma is 90 now. She does not cook anymore. But she loves to watch me. She'll mix the matzoh balls if I encourage her. She'll offer advice if I insist, but with her fingers crossed. Because she honestly thinks I do it better than she does. She is wrong.
How to Drink Like Your Favorite Disney Princess or Villain. What do you think Disney princesses and villains would drink?
Lobster vs. Crab. What about the lobster roll's cousin, the crabmeat roll?
Tab. Finally, an app that gets us.
These Flourless Cake Recipes Make Gluten-Free Desserts Real Easy To Love. Flourless baking has never tasted so good.
WATCH. \Grilling fast and grilling good\ is the name of the game at this meat-on-a-stick street food stop.
The Best Orange Soda. We're hanging our heads at the No. 1 result, guys.
The School Lunch Project. Have you ever wished those store bought fruit cups were made with fresh fruit?
Perfect Grilled Cheese Formula Devised By The Royal Society Of Chemistry. It's science, O.K.?
Clean Blender In 30 Seconds, Thanks To CHOW Tips (VIDEO). Guys, why didn't you tell us about this?
Pour Mason. We feel like we're in a Portlandia episode.
The Best Pickles, In Order (PHOTOS). Something special happens to vegetables, especially cucumbers, when you let them ferment.
Vegetables Make The Most Beautiful Tableware. Who doesn't want to eat soup with an artichoke spoon?
S'mores Pop-Tarts S'mores. Why haven't we thought of this?
5 Must-Use Strategies for Grilling Perfect Sausage! Plus, the BEST Sausage & Pepper Sandwich You'll Ever Eat. Plus, the best sausage and pepper sandwich you'll ever eat.
What's Eating Chuck Hughes?. Chuck (Hughes), the \u00fcber cutie from the Cooking Channel's Chuck Eats The Street has a delicious relationship with food. His uninhibited demeanor makes for great conversation, great parties and most importantly, his ability to create truly inspired dishes.
Megaburgerpizza, A Burger/Pizza Hybrid, Debuted By Japan's Pizza Little Party Chain (PHOTO). RocketNews24 writes that the gargantuan offering, which costs $26 (2,580 yen), will be sold from September 1 through November
In Defense of Sharing Photos of Your Food on Social Media. \No one cares what you had for lunch\ was one of the earliest and stickiest condemnations of social media. Years later and countless photos of food flipped through, social media users by the millions disprove this every day.
Recipe Of The Day. The burger just got healthy.
Lobster Lessons. Enjoy
Brown Sugar Sour Cream. We know it sounds weird, but hear us out.
Ice Cream Cone Recipes To Bring Your Summer To The Next Level. Bring your ice cream game to the next level.
And Now the Pizzaburger. If you thought the Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger was the ultimate upgrade in burger buns, think again
Why Sweet Fruit Makes Savory Meals Taste Awesome. Why wait 'til dessert to tickle your tastebuds with a touch of sweetness?
5 Cooking Classes That Will Change Your Life. 40 hands-on food classes for the home cook.
Big Mac Recipe. This is one recipe you really should keep.
Mayonnaise, This Is A Love Letter (PHOTOS). Let's put an end to the blind hatred of this condiment.
15 Bars to Visit Before You Die. From a bar in Sweden made completely out of ice to a faux-speakeasy, 15 aw-inspiring watering holes.
Chipotle's Experimental Dishes That You'll Probably Never Get to Eat. Chipotle's constantly testing out new dishes, some of which they'll just tease you with, others they may actually release.
Homecoming Meals. This Top Chef Masters contestant is known for surprising diners -- he certainly surprised us.
Brunch Cocktails. Rules for booze, in the time between breakfast and lunch.
Recipe Of The Day. A common sponge cake baked early on was the Madeira cake. This dense buttery cake was often served as a mid-morning snack
Best Vegan and Vegetarian Restaurants. From supper clubs to food trucks, the best vegetarian and vegan restaurants around the country.
Back-to-School Lunch Ideas. Ditch the sandwich bread.
Which Wine Preservation Spray Is Best?. It's the age-old problem. You open a bottle of wine, and you don't drink all of it. How long can you keep it before it turns into raisin-flavored syrup or vinegar?
McDonald's Operator Tips Mighty Wings Return. Burger King may be stepping back from introducing multi-item seasonal menus, but McDonald's apparently still finds the strategy appealing. Here are some of the fall menu items in the \robust new-product pipeline\ the chain likes to tout.
5 Fish Should You Be Eating Now and Why. The healthiest picks of fish to eat.
How To Say 'Cheers' In 20 Languages (AUDIO). The toast heard round the world.
Pavlova Recipes. Warning
Gordon Ramsay Named Celebrity Who Needs To 'Chill Out The Most' By Parrot Bay. We can't say we're surprised.
Tobacco And Menthol Vodkas Exist, Here's What They Taste Like. Can it possibly taste as horrible as it sounds?
To Us - Matcha Goma Mousse Cake (Green Tea-Black Sesame Mousse Cake). For a special anniversary, a Japanese inspired dessert.
National Waffle Day. Happy National Waffle Day!
M&M Recipes. Just sneak them into your desserts.
Award-Winning Mixologist Charlotte Voisey Talks Dinner Cocktails. The idea of being paid to travel the world and speak to the masses about the delights of alcohol brands like Henrick's Gin, Glenfiddich, Balvenie and Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum sounds like the stuff a lush's dreams are made of, but it's serious business.
Secret Family Recipes. My mother's stellar pie is her raspberry-blueberry pie, which she will only make when both raspberries and blueberries are in season.
Ranking the Country's 15 Best Fast Food desserts. Sugary goodness.
Sneaky Shorts Hidden Flask Makes Drinking Easy. This makes drinking easy.
Chipotle Recipes. Try these 24 recipes and you'll see what we mean.
Food Shame. Yes, we've been embarrassed by matzah, tacos, cake, steak tartare and marinara. You?
Bisquick Recipe Ideas We're Not Ashamed To Be Into (PHOTOS). Sometimes an old stand-by still exists for a reason.
Burke's Bacon Bar, New Chicago Restaurant, Serves Only Sandwiches With Bacon In Them. Get in your car and start driving now.
What Is Your Food Spirit Animal? (QUIZ). Which food represents all your deepest hopes and dreams?
Nectarine Recipes. Think it's just a fuzz-less peach? Well, fine. But we still think they're special.
The Best Breakfast Foods, In Order. Some foods are just better than others.
Light Desserts for Hot Summer Days. Light means cool, refreshing, and not too filling -- you know, so you have room for s'mores later on.
6 Super Embarrassing Food Product Fails. Hindsight's 20/20.
Foods Named For People, Explained By Mental Floss (VIDEO). Your world is about to be shaken.
'Upgrade Your Lunch' -- A New Video Series That Instantly Upgrades the Meals of Complete Strangers. Sometimes it's hard being a foodie with a day job.
Recipe Of The Day. The perfect summer evening dessert.
Alex Guarnaschelli And Marc Maron Talk 'Iron Chef' And More On WTF (AUDIO). Alex Guarnaschelli drops some truth bombs.
Cooking Tips. Simple, immediate and usually not more expensive than what you're already using.
Tapas Recipes. Thank you, sincerely, for tapas.
Sun Dried Tomato Recipes (PHOTOS). Fresh tomatoes aren't always the right choice.
Bad Yelp Reviews. Proof that Yelp users don't always provide the most accurate commentary.
Recipe Of The Day. With garlic-basil goat cheese.
What Is It Like to Eat Alone at a Fancy Restaurant?. A few reassurances for eating alone.
The Best Potato Salad Recipe Courtesy of Phyllis Diller. This is one thing this comedian would not joke about.
Eric Ripert's Dream Kitchen. Le Bernardin's master chef on kitchen-design lessons home cooks can take from a professional one.
Eat Better Fish. In the traditional supply chain, fish passes through many hands before arriving on your plate, and the freshest fish on the market is at least six days old. Luckily, chefs all around the country are beginning to make choices that support independent fishermen and sustainable fisheries.
Keri Russell on the Art of Eating, Afternoon Wine, and Bad Music. For Austenland star Keri Russell, an afternoon glass of wine is totally fine. Bad music? Not so much.
What Is America's Best Frozen Yogurt Chain?. With chains allowing you to serve yourself and choose from sometimes dozens of toppings, it's certainly a fun and interactive dessert that you can personalize, but what's behind all of the flavor and topping madness, and ultimately, which chain is the best?
Spiral Cut Hot Dogs Made Easy. Because grilling should never be hard.
How Do You Measure Up in the Kitchen?. There are a million ways to scoop a cup of flour. How do you do it?
Primal Pastures Kickstarter. This Kickstarter is making waves in pastured farming.
America's Best Chain Steakhouses. There comes a time in just about everyone's life when they feel the urge to eat some red meat.
Top 10 Foods on British Menus Starts With Burgers. Burgers are the most commonly found food on increasingly Americanized British menus, reports London-based researcher Horizons' 2013 Menurama survey.
Classic Heirloom Tomato Sauce. What I didn't expect, though, was that 120 lbs of tomatoes would soon show up at my door! My initial excitement began to turn to apprehension. Even if I managed to cook all of them before they rotted in their boxes, how was I going to preserve so much sauce?
Playing Teacher in the Kitchen. When I was a little girl, I used to play \Teacher.\ Clearly, I was interested in being the boss at an early age - otherwise I suppose I'd have played, \School,\ or \Early Childhood Pedagogy.\
How to Find Truffles (and Sell Them, and Eat Them). How to find truffles (and sell them, and eat them.
Indian-Style Grilled Mango Nectarines With Sweet Tamarind Chutney. Try this recipe for wonderful explosion of flavors in your mouth.
The Only Fried Chicken Recipe You'll Ever Need. It's John Besh's family recipe.
Carpaccio Recipes. Slice thinly, dress with olive oil, lemon, salt and pepper and enjoy one of summer's best dishes.
Shallot Recipes (PHOTOS). See why with these 18 recipes.
Kouign Amann. You want to know about this buttery French cake.
Recipe Of The Day. They're coated in a kalamata black olive puree.
Heirloom Tomatoes Explained In Vanity Fair's 'Snob's Dictionary' (VIDEO). In this case, we don't think being a snob is a bad thing.
Serve Up Baked Squash Just The Way Elvis Liked It. Don't just eat like a king, eat like the king.
Pizza Phone. The Niagara Falls Country Inn & Suites just won our hearts big-time. Great work, Canada!
Nugtella, Weed Nutella By Organicares Medical Dispensary Is Real (PHOTO). No, seriously. It's real.
Things You Need to Know Before Buying Olive Oil. It's just like picking up any other cooking oil, isn't it? Well, not quite.
5 Great Steaks to Remember for Killer Grilling! Plus, a Caveman T-Bone Recipe You'll Never Forget. Tips from grilling legend Steven Raichlen.
Hazelnut Recipes Are Making Desserts Better(PHOTOS). You've never seen sweets this good before.
Foie Gras Has Gone Too Far (PHOTOS). This liver has crossed the line. Seriously.
Stupid Coffee Accessories That You Don't Need To Buy (PHOTOS). A copper-plated, hand-cranked coffee grinder? Not so much.
Caramelized Onion Recipes That Take Food To The Next Level (PHOTOS). Eating them straight out of the pan is another great option.
How To Squeeze The Absolute Most Out Of $5 At Wendy's, Chipotle, And More. Because let's face it, fast food just isn't that cheap anymore.
Garlic Bread Recipes You Never Knew You Needed. Sriracha even makes an appearance.
The Wonderful Wine Journey of Alejandro Vigil. As winemaker of Catena Zapata, he oversees the enormous and diverse production of one of the country's biggest and most prestigious premium wineries -- think Mondavi -- as well as his own \El Enemigo\ line.
Double Stuf Oreos Don't Actually Have Double The Creme. Math teacher Dan Anderson breaks it down for us.
Genius Grilled Pork Burgers. We tend to think about doctoring up burgers from the outside -- with thick strips of bacon, obviously, or themed toppers. But Suzanne Goin, the master of thoughtfully prepared, arrestingly flavorful food, takes perfect burger theory to another level -- by looking first within.
Entrepreneurs and Artisans Telling Stories on Supermarket Shelves. All good food tells a story. In today's growing market of regionally driven, artisan products, consumers want to be able to relate to their food; whether it be through a personal connection with the producer or an association with a particular time or place.
These 15 Summertime Life Hacks Will Improve The End Of Your Summer. We are definitely going to eat our burgers with a scientific grip from now on.
Recipe Of The Day. Made with fresh summer peaches.
Food Friends That Should Get A Room (PHOTOS). Guys, we're standing right here!
Starbucks Biggest Drink and Product Flops. This mega chain isn't without its missteps and failures from time to time. So just what has and hasn't worked?
Hydrating Beer. \Of the four different beers the subjects consumed, our augmented light beer was by far the most well retained by the body
10 Fixin's for the Ultimate Ice Cream Sundae. Go ahead, return to the unadulterated joys of childhood and build the sundae of your wildest childhood dreams starting from the bottom with the ice cream base, and working all the way up to the cherry on top.
The Best Sandwiches, In Order (PHOTOS). Where does your favorite place?
Why Walter White Would Be an Incredible Baker (Plus 'Baking' Bad Blue Meth Cake)!. They call it cooking meth, but really, it's a lot more like baking. Maybe that's why I look forward to the meth cook montages on Breaking Bad.Even the finished drug is pretty, big and opaque as blue raspberry rock candy.
SPOTTED. Maybe. Originally written and photographed by Dominique Zamora of Foodbeast.com Unlike the original Breakfast Waffle Taco
Mojito Taste Test. Just in time for National Rum Day!
Padron Peppers. Looking for a quick party snack? How about a quick party trick? To be safe, we've got both at once.
The Most Delicious Secret Cut of Pork. For most of my life, I had a conflicted relationship with pork chops. I loved their golden crescent edges. I loved to gnaw on the bone, too. However, in between the bone and that rim of lard, I generally found a featureless plain of dry and tasteless meat.
Sak\u00e9 Isn't So Gross After All. If you had asked me two weeks ago to name Japan's three greatest gifts to the rest of the world, I would have said sushi, Zen and all of Japanese cinema except the 1989 film Tetsuo
Recipe Of The Day. In celebration of this all-important national food holiday.
Why Brunch Is The Best (GIFs). Don't listen to the haters.
The Sweet & Spicy Rodriguez Sour Cocktail - VIDEO. This tipple brings both sweet and heat, and it's a great sipper for late summer afternoons.
Devil's Food Cake vs. Chocolate Cake. What's the difference?
Our Favorite S'mores Paraphernalia. How obsessed are you about this campfire classic?
F&W Bucket List. Here, F&W's must-visit spots before Labor Day, from lobster pounds to sno-ball shops.
Wood-Pellet Grilling Is Fast and Flavorful. As a chef and lover of flavorful foods, I too am quite passionate when it comes to my grilling technique. After years of trying different grills and experimenting with different techniques, I think the winner is clear
Cooking Off the Cuff. How to use the fresh, rich sweetness of corn as a substantial sauce for fish.
How to Choose an Ear of Corn (Without Peeking!). Of course, the easiest way to choose an ear of corn is to take a peek
Power-Ranking The 10 Best Hot Sauces On Earth. Judged by \how badly we wanted to put it on everything.\
Top 5 Tastes. I consider myself extremely lucky to be able to eat at high class spots, hole in the wall joints, and everywhere in between on a regular basis (and to the immense detriment of my financial funds).
Swiss Cheese Recipes (PHOTOS). Don't dis the Swiss guys.
Tasting Tiki. Float the Stroh rum on top and serve without garnish Courtesy of Martin Cate Golden Gun, created at last year's Tiki Oasis
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies. 
Back-to-School Lunch Gear. Back-to-school shopping is no easy task
Too Much Paprika? This Looks Like Fun, But The Cleanup Doesn't (VIDEO). When life gives you paprika...
Red Currant Recipes (PHOTOS). They make even better cakes, tarts and ice cream.
The Worst Subway Sandwich. Veggie delite? Sweet onion chicken terriyaki??
Party With a Pizza. Pizza, in my opinion, is the number one food that company elevates. Maybe that's why, if you flip through the journal, you'll see that pizza parties dominate the Schmidt scene.
You Can Keep Your Fancy Cold Brew Recipe!. Is it me, or has the foodternet recently exploded with recipes and how-tos for cold-brew coffee, as if the notion is somehow brand new? How is this even a thing right now?
Accidental Food Writing. This book isn't a frolic thru post-apocalyptic America; it's not a run-down of dystopian food porn. It's a book about a father and son looking for food, and because it is so difficult to find, and so dangerous, and yet, a non-negotiable necessity, the food takes on a role of its own.
Shake It Up -- PB Chocolate Banana Cake. When you find out what this stands for, you'll kneel down before this recipe.
Big Recipes For Large, Family-Style Dinner Parties That Won't Make You Crazy (PHOTOS). Keep it low cost, low stress, high flavor and high fun.
How To Ruin A Burrito (PHOTOS). Stop the mealtime injustice.
Wishing You a Sweet Jewish New Year. Just a touch of natural sweetness and shredded carrots, this cake can be more dressed up for a festive dessert, and any leftovers I'll allow to be eaten as a treat for breakfast because it is so light and fluffy.
Almond Desserts Sound Boring, But These 58 Recipes Beg To Differ. Make macaroons. Make pie. Make a fancy cookie. Make chocolate bark. Make it all with almonds.
Hawaiian Recipes. Can't swing a trip to the islands this summer? Homemade shave ice will help.
Nutella GIFs To Brighten Your Day. In honor of our favorite spread.
Recipe Of The Day. Topped with a caraway-cilantro compound butter.
Best Salmon Recipe. And it only calls for six ingredients.
Sour Worms Cereal By IT'SUGAR Is Not The Most Balanced Breakfast (PHOTO). Love cereal and hate your teeth? Have we got a product for you.
'The Single Girl's Cookbook' By Helen Gurley Brown Considers Meat A Seduction Device (PHOTOS). We love a woman who can compare a meat dish to a Bill Blass suit.
Food Disasters. Back in January, a truck full of caramelized brown goat cheese caught fire in a Norwegian tunnel. Normally, you'd think \melty cheese, big whup, I've had fondue,\ but this cheese fire raged for five days. It's hardly the first time huge quantities of food have triggered huge amounts of mayhem.
How To Stock Your Home Bar for Under $100. Post-college, Solo cups of cheap beer and \hunch punch\ just won't cut it anymore. Whether you're throwing a cocktail party
The 10 Best Things to Eat on Toast. They had us at zucchini butter.
Chef David Myers' Hong Kong. Last May, Chef David Myers (Hinoki & The Bird and Comme \u00c7a) and I were invited by the Hong Kong Tourism Board to visit Hong Kong during the inaugural Art Basel. I had visited the city once, many years ago, and was excited to see how it had changed.
Most Extreme Food Cities List By GrubHub Ranks America's Most Hyperbolic Menu Descriptions. Perhaps unsurprisingly, when it comes to ordering \extreme\ takeout on GrubHub, men are leading the way. \On the whole, our
Recipe Of The Day. Don't forget the whipped cream.
Red Chile Pepper Recipes (PHOTOS. These recipes have extra heat.
Antonelli's Cheese Shop in Austin Is a Real Love Story. Don't share. Hide in your refrigerator. Sand Creek Farm is Cameron Texas provided Antonelli's with a wonderful fresh Colby
Writers and the Art of Pastry at G\u00e9rard Mulot, Paris. G\u00e9rard Mulot is a p\u00e2tisserie as much as he is a man and the encounter therefore has the potential to be of equal significance.
The Only Chocolate Cake Recipe You'll Ever Need. This one is epic.
School Lunch Project. I really like sending warm school lunches. I've filled my kids thermoses with lasagna, spaghetti, rice, soups... and they are typically very receptive.
Molecular Gastronomy. Liquid nitrogen, dehydrators, and syringes, oh my!
Squash Blossoms. These gorgeous, pale-orange flowers emanate from zucchini and squash and can be found at farmers markets, or if you've played your cards right, from your own garden.
Chicken Fails. When bad cooks happen to good chicken.
I Love The Cronut, And Here Is Why. I'm on your team
The 10 Coolest-Looking Food Trucks in the USA. These designs are far more than just billboards advertising the tasty eats they're slinging.
Dear Craft Beer. You know, there are only so many PR events in strip clubs that a girl can take. For this girl, that number tops off at about one. One craft beer preview event in a strip club was, trust me, more than enough.
Major Myths About Olive Oil. While there's no way to really know for sure what's in the bottle without opening it and tasting it, we can help uncover some of the mystery and confusion surrounding olive oil.
Lobster Roll Fails. These are making our hearts cringe, guys.
Pecorino Recipes. Think this cheese is interchangeable with Parmesan? Think again.
Beer Remains America's Preferred Alcoholic Beverage. With so many great beers coming on-line in recent years, there has never been a better time to be an American beer lover.
Revenge of the Marshmallow. Marshmallows are back. They're mad that we invented Peeps. They want revenge. They are bouncing and shimmering in fancy restaurant desserts, bobbing softly in cocktails. They might even turn up in tonight's beer.
Grilled Rotisserie Lamb With Harissa and Herbs. The Accidental Locavore's Internet friend Jeff Parker posted this great sounding lamb recipe a few months ago. Months of bad weather and strange weekend plans kept this from happening until this past weekend, when finally, lamb met rotisserie and, boy, was it good!
Party Like Pinkman With These Breaking Bad Cocktails. Your journey from Schraderbrau-swilling simpleton to master chemist of cocktails has just begun.
The Five Biggest Rum Myths. This liquor has thus proved a fertile breeding ground for myths, which have taken root and spread.
How to Get Berry Stains Out of Clothes. We've waxed poetic about berries before, those devilish beauties that are impossible to resist. But beneath their beautiful veneers lies a colorful -- and dare we say fatal -- juice. Until now, that is.
Recipe Of The Day. Secret ingredient
Iconic Food Commercials (VIDEOS). Bring on the nostalgia.
Could Sparkling Torrontes Be the Next Big Thing?. \Cumelen\ is the Mapuche word for happy -- which is what you'll be when you drink this wine.
Foods Named After Places. Travel the globe from your kitchen
No-Grill Summer Dinner Party Mains. Here are 10 mains to make this summer that celebrate the best flavors of the season, sans grill.
In the Shadow of the Giant Peachoid. The Peachoid, which looms over I-85, is any repatriating South Carolinian road-tripper's first real assurance that, yes, Virginia, you've made it home.
Too Hot to Cook. The bounty of summer produce available at farmers markets tilts our diet towards the vegetarian end of the spectrum, at least until fall sets in and we start craving heavier fare. Here are some of our favorite finds to help beat summer's heat.
The Pop-Culture History of the Tomato, from the Stage to the Simpsons. Michael Y. Park The tomato may be a relative newcomer to the wider world's dining table, but there's no denying that the
The Most Outrageous French Fry Recipes Ever. Flavored with everything from pizza to sausage and gravy.
Party Tips. Not everything will ever go according to plan, but we have some tips to ensure you have more fun.
The 50 Best Restaurants Of 2013, According To 'Bon Appetit'. We have a lot of trips to plan.
Thrillist Opened 350 Fortune Cookies... in Bed!. As an ode to the wisest of all cookies -- aside from the Fig Newton -- we cracked open a lifetime's worth* of fortune cookies to investigate which sound the funniest... in bed!! Because that's what people say to be hilarious.
Recipe Of The Day. You've never tasted them this sweet.
Drew Brees Is a __________!. There weren't many middle of the road opinions on the issue -- Brees was either a cheapskate or a victim depending on who you talked to. And, the dust hasn't settled quite yet. Brees' $3 tip has led to an international conversation on American tipping customs.
Cuppow BNTO Turns A Mason Jar Into A Lunch Box (VIDEO). We don't throw this term around a lot, but this is kind of genius.
Sugar Plum Recipes (PHOTOS). Don't let this summer fruit pass you by.
Watermelon Kegs For Outdoor Drinking. Who needs a pitcher when you can serve drinks in one of these?
Boiled Peanuts. Once you try 'the caviar of the South,' you will never go back.
Hunting and Gathering. Have you ever noticed that when people get together to do something like pick blueberries things change?
Character and Value. Is there a connection between Italy's volcanic activity, or volcanic soils, and wine production?
Q&A With the King of Coconuts. One of the most important lessons for a brand new food company is to make friends with other entrepreneurs in the industry. We at Bandar Foods have been trying to make friends with a number of people, and were fortunate to meet Vincent Kitirattragarn, the founder of Dang Coconut Chips.
Ice Matters. Good ice makes a difference, but what is \good ice?\
Your Favorite Celebrities' Favorite Burgers and Pizza. Where the stars go for burgers and pizza.
Recipe Of The Day. Only this shellfish can make salad exciting again.
Flatbread Recipes (PHOTOS). They're even thinner than your favorite thin-crust.
Angus Version of Big Mac Coming to Australia. Later this month McDonald's will depart from that classic build with the limited-time addition of an Angus Mac variation in Australia.
9 Mistakes You're Making With Scrambled Eggs. Stop ruining your breakfast already!
Rocket Pop Mold. Cool down this summer with rockets, sailboats and robots.
Specialty Serveware We Fall In Love With Every Time (PHOTOS). We've railed against single-purpose tools before... but these are different.
Deconstructed Sushi. If you aren't up for laboriously assembling bites of sushi, try this deconstructed sushi bowl!
Brownie-Filled Chewy Chips Ahoy Cookies Leave Something To Be Desired. This dessert snack has a serious identity crisis.
7 Unforgivable Food Faux Pas You MUST Avoid. Stop making these cringe-worthy food faux pas.
Summer Recipes. These show-stopping recipes will keep them coming back for seconds.
Delicious Foods That Have The Worst Textures (PHOTOS). Which of these gives you the willies?
Big Macs Around the World. Big Macs around the world come in very different shapes and sizes. To get a better idea of how these burgers size up when compared against one another, we considered their price, typical ingredients, and nutritional information.
11 Dunkin' Donuts Offerings From Around The World (PHOTOS). Which of these would you want to try?
A Pasta Story. Heirloom grains grown through biodynamic farming creates a pasta that is delicious and nutritious
Flamas Doritos Locos Tacos. It's coming August 22!
Recipe-Specific Meal-Delivery Websites Part III. Within the past year, several companies have decided to tackle the growing segment of the population that wants to cook at home, but needs a little help selecting a recipe and delivering pre-portion-sized groceries.
Italian Recipes For Summer. Seasonal vegetables, simple cooking techniques and lots and lots of olive oil.
Ramen Burger Poised To Become New York's Next Food Craze. New Yorkers don't seem to mind waiting in lines too much. People will camp out for hours to get tickets for Shakespeare in
10 Food Mashups That Prove Two Is Better Than One (PHOTOS). Cronuts, Doritos Locos, Pop Tart ice cream sandwiches... when will it end?
Argentina's Next Big Grape. A couple of others are queuing up to share the mantle with malbec.
Taste Test. Not everyone has the time to chop, blend, pur\u00e9e, and make juice at home.
The Last Chocolate Cake Recipe You Will Ever Need. For a summery spin, layer strawberries in between the layers of cake for a sweet surprise!
The Coolest Wine Gadget EVER. I have just seen the coolest thing in the wine world.  It's a game changer.  I have to tell you I've seen the future of wine.
Alcohol Made From Used Coffee Grounds Will Give You A Buzz. Click through the gallery below, courtesy of Earth911, to see other uses for old coffee grounds. Forget boozy coffee drinks
Katharine Hepburn's All-Time Favorite Brownie Recipe. Eat like a movie star.
Spicy Tuna Bowl By LEAFtv Is Making Us Hungry For Sushi (VIDEO). Desperate for a spicy tuna roll but also a little bit lazy? We have the solution.
Recipe Of The Day. Stuffed with cheese too!
Basil Pesto -- One That Will Stay Bright Green!. Here's a classic basil sauce that won't turn brown the minute you toss it with hot pasta! The trick? Read here to find out!
The Ultimate Iced Coffee Taste Test. Who makes the best iced coffee?
Watermelon, This Is A Love Letter (PHOTOS). We're moving past love and way into obsession here.
Ridiculous Bottle Openers. These are pathetic guys.
Oyster Recipes That Are Shucking Easy For Anyone To Make. Happy National Oyster Day, y'all!
Summer Salad Recipes From New York's Finest Chefs. Recipes and wisdom from some of New York's favorite chefs.
Recipe-Specific Meal-Delivery Websites Part II. Cooking at home has never been more appealing--everyone knows cooking at home is healthier, less expensive, and infinitely more satisfying than eating out or takeout. But have you tried selecting a recipe online lately?
Make Yourself Some Chai. A hot cup of spicy chai is a fabulous way to start the day
Top 10 Summer Wines. Summer calls for lighter wines that won't weigh you down. From crisp sparklers and aromatic whites to refreshing ros\u00e9s and sweet dessert wines, GAYOT's Top 10 Summer Wines are perfect for al fresco dining.
Obtuse Cheese. Abendbrot, the evening bread, an evening meal of breads, meats, cheeses and various condiments, most always accompanied by a glass of beer or glass of wine, is one of my favorite meals. It's the leisurely intake and recognition of life's simplest pleasure.
The Simplest and Best Grilled Chicken. Sometimes the Accidental Locavore truly is accidentally local. Such is the case with one of my all-time favorite marinades for chicken.
Hard-to-Get-to Restaurants Worth the Trip. The hunt is on for the world's best food found in the most remote corners of the Earth.
Easy Ice Cream Recipes (You Don't Need an Ice Cream Maker!). Best part? You don't need an ice-cream maker!
Are You Running a Blog or a Business?. Some bloggers contribute to magazines, write books or restaurant guides, teach cooking classes and even become a local authority on food. A few lucky ones are able to get a job in a related field. But the bitter truth is 75% of food bloggers do not make any money from their blogs.
Flamas Doritos Locos Taco. Taco Bell's next flavor has arrived.
Grilled Peaches With Cardamom-Honey Cream. A delightful summer dessert, and a great way to use too-hard grocery store peaches.
Recipe Of The Day. These are better than the rest. They're loaded with goat cheese.
Food TV Shows We Can't Believe Are Still In Production (VIDEOS). We can't believe these are still being shot today.
Stinging Nettle Recipes. We agree that these things are totally scary, but they are also delicious, so let's forge ahead.
Summer Party Recipes. It's still summer, it's still too warm to turn the oven on, let's celebrate!
Chip Clip Bag Resealer Keeps Your Snacks Fresh. This chip clip is the real deal.
Mixing Drinks. Don't ruin another drink again!
Grazin's Grassfed Burgers. Grazin' is the world's FIRST farm-to-table direct, 100 percent Animal Welfare Approved grassfed and finished burger joint.
Latte Stop-Motion Instagram By Rachel Ryle Is Perfectly Adorable (VIDEO). Super cute!
Easy Meatball & Wine Pasta Bake. Ever had one of those days when you wish you could throw everything in a pot and it cooked by itself?
Cardamom Recipes (PHOTOS). We've got 25 recipes to help you do just that.
How to Keep Berries Fresh for Longer. Berries are both precious and frustrating, expensive and fragile. Here's how to extend their lifespan.
America's Best Lobster Rolls Outside of Maine. If there's such thing as a perfect food, a great lobster roll could very well be it.
Recipe-Specific Meal-Delivery Websites Part I. Within the past year, several companies are tackling the growing segment of the population that wants to cook at home, but needs a little help.
Cannellini Bean Dip With Pan-Fried Mint. This dip makes for a sensational hors d'oeuvre or antipasto.
The Chinatown Congee Wars. Some call it porridge. A more medieval term for it is gruel. In Chinatown it is known as congee.
19 Copycat Recipes That Taste Better Than The Store-Bought Originals. Convenience need not trump taste.
Japanese Whisky. And there's no better place to start than with the masters at Suntory.
Big Red BBQ Bottle. Finally someone has combined the two things that Texans love the most.
The Only Chicken Recipe You'll Ever Need. Not feeling like roast chicken, try these other recipes! Chicken is not an easy dish to master. And with all the hundreds
10 Foods to Eat While Wearing White. Labor Day is closer than it might seem! So while you're still wearing white, here are 10 recipes to rely on that won't stain your digs.
How to Make a Blue Ribbon Barley Salad. With a grain as their base, these salads hit a perfect balance between being light and leaving you totally satisfied.
Cocktail Layering Tool Makes Impressive Drinks. It's time to start layering them.
It's National Raspberry Cream Pie Day! Need A Recipe? (PHOTOS). Yes, seriously. Apparently this is a thing. A delicious thing.
7 Desserts That Deserve As Much Press As Cronuts. Cronut, your time is done.
The Best Cakes, In Order (PHOTOS). For humanity and science, a list from worst to best.
Cooking Off the Cuff. A swiss-chard faux-gratin for a hot New York evening when there was no way I was going to turn the oven on.
Celebrate National Cotton Candy Day With Trivia. Celebrate with trivia -- and a big bag of the pink confection.
Hot Sauce Recipes. Want to burn your face off? Just provide a tiny bit of heat, salt and vinegar? It's up to you!
The Best Ways to Pit Stone Fruit. A few easy tricks to remove pits and start enjoying the summer's juiciest, most colorful fruits.
13 Sweet and Magical Summer Strawberry Recipes. Step outside the box with grilled strawberry kebabs or pasta with strawberry sauce, or stick to the classic shortcake.
Brie Cheese Recipes That Make Us Melt. Sneak this French cheese into all of your meals.
Eat like Coolio, The Nuge and Sinatra With These Bizarro Celebrity Cookbooks. Alicia Silverstone, Coolio and Tony Danza are just some of the celebrities who have written cookbooks.
Israeli Chickpea and Kale Salad Recipe. No cooking required for this recipe -- perfect for a hot summer day!
Pancake Tips. It's time to get breakfast right.
How To Keep Drinks Cold At A Party, The Fancy Way (PHOTOS). Reason number one that summer is the worst
Recipe Of The Day. We dare you to try them homemade.
Taco Fails. We're warning you, mayonnaise is involved.
5 Top American Hot Dogs! Plus, the BEST \Hot\ Dog You'll Ever Try. Which dog is top dog?
Pasta Cooking Tips By Cook Smarts. All the most important tips, crammed into two minutes.
Beyonc\u00e9's 'Life-Changing' Vegetable Recipe. One more way to get closer to Queen Bey.
Is New Zealand the New California?. New Zealand is a lot like California, but with fewer hipper-than-thou A-holes. This might just be a population-ratio thing
The Best Bars in Las Vegas. From high-end lounges on the Strip to hidden gems off the beaten track, any of these watering holes are a sure bet.
The Most Obnoxious Starbucks Drink Orders. You want a venti, quadruple shot, half caff, non fat, what?!
Martini Taste Test. A breakdown of the best gins and vermouths to mix up.
Personal Chef For A Superstar. 'Living a champagne lifestyle on a Kool-Aid pocket book.'
Cookie Dough Recipes That Were Never Meant To Be Baked. Feel free to lick the spoon.
What Do Food Professionals Think of America's Test Kitchen?. I don't always appreciate the Yankee humor that's incorporated into the television show, but it's just a New England varnish
CHOP CHOP. Cooking can be a valuable social connector for kids, teens and families -- more delicious than any web experience could ever hope to be.  If families started cooking together, and then eating together, there's a good chance they could create healthy taste memories to last a lifetime.
The Best Cheese and Wine in the World . You can't imagine the thrill and the excitement we shared with a group of our special friends when we received the most incredible assortment of cave aged cheeses from Mons fromager-affineur in France.
The Best Gluten-Free, Vegan, and Vegetarian Food Items, Tried and Tested!. Years ago, being a vegetarian, vegan or any other speciality diet, was without a doubt a challenge. Finding food items, let alone great tasting ones, was often very hard.  Fast forward to the present, and unique eats for any diet or needs are everywhere -- and even better than before.
How (Not) to Learn to Cook. Three years ago I conducted a cooking experiment...
Intern Reporting Live from the Cronut\u2122 Line. As told by Loren Brill & Sarah Kaplan (faithful Sweet Loren's intern and chocolate enthusiast) The Cronut\u2122 has a surprisingly
Peach Jalape\u00f1o Margaritas. We can't get enough of this spicy-sweet combination.
Thai Iced Tea Float Recipe By HonestlyYUM Is Sheer Brilliance (PHOTO). The team at HonestlyYUM is making us thirsty again.
Curried Tilapia & Celery Rice Bowl. This dish is surprisingly easy and packed with flavor.
10 Summer Sauces Everyone Should Know. From tomato sauce to barbecue sauce to pesto -- we've got your saucy bases covered this summer.
Magisso Cake Server. Guys, WTF does this thing do?
Portraits of Famous People Made With Spilled Food and Drinks. Don't cry over this.
Foods Worth Traveling for. Even if we don't always remember the history behind the Colosseum or who built Machu Picchu, we always remember the food.
The Craziest Ways To Eat Avocados. Just keep an open mind guys.
Veuve Clicquot Biodegradable Packaging Makes Champagne Eco-Friendly (VIDEO). Veuve Clicquot's new box design is a major upgrade.
Clink! Glass By Fred. You'll never have to stare sadly down at nothingness during a conversational lull again.
Food Lies. The wackiest food lies our parents told us.
Recipe Of The Day. The healthiest of snacks.
Crazy Cake Recipes. We're on a quest for tender, fluffy cake, at just about any cost.
Top 5 Tastes. Living in New York, I often take for granted the wealth of international cuisines available to me on a daily basis. Last week, I indulged in offerings from many corners of the globe, from Mexico to France, China to Spain.
Top Chef Winners, In Order Of Likability (PHOTOS). In all seriousness, we would love to buy nine out of ten people on this list a beer.
Tomatillo Recipes (PHOTOS). They're not just for salsa.
What's Next for Argentine Wine? A Chat With Christy Canterbury. The future of Argentine wines in the American market.
Bok Choy Recipes. One of our favorite Chinese cooking staples.
'Bacon Bowl' May Be The Most Useless Gadget We've Seen Yet (VIDEO). Here's something you definitely don't need.
Hamburger Trivia. Hint
Top 10 Iced Teas. America's love affair with iced tea dates back to the 1904 World's Fair. Today, over 80 percent of tea consumed in the U.S. is served iced.
The Rejectables. Maybe you should consider giving these another try.
How to Make English Muffins From Scratch. Homemade English muffins, by Momofuku Milk Bar's Christina Tosi.
The Only Cookie Recipe You'll Ever Need. Bake it. You'll see.
Dunkin' Donuts Will Add Pretzel Roll Sandwich. Dunkin' Donuts jumps on the pretzel-roll bandwagon next week by rolling out a new Pretzel Roll Bakery Sandwich, the chain told analysts this week.
The Best Brisket in Texas? Franklin BBQ! Plus, Make Your Own Hill Country Brisket. If the BBQ trail guides your travel plans like it does mine, heading to Austin, Texas for the most exquisite brisket has to be on your bucket list.
An Easy Apricot Jam with Noyaux. Apricots are here for so little time, their season so short, that their goodness excites me each year as if it's the first time all over again.
20 Delicious Summer Salads. These salads are quick, require minimal or no cooking, and are a great way to enjoy all the colorful produce that's in season.
Mario Batali On Justin Bieber Pee Incident. Bravo, Batali.
Drawn to Fire. Jeremy Stanton, the chef and proprietor of sustainable butcher shop The Meat Market, has a way with fire.
Strawberry Basil Tart Video, By Kitchen Vignettes For PBS. Average humans
Bear Bite Bottle Opener Is Pure, Wall-Mounted Brilliance (PHOTO). There is absolutely only one way you should try this at home.
Hyatt Hotel Serves Alcatraz Prison Food. I felt like a prisoner last night at San Francisco's Hyatt Regency Hotel. That's because the hotel's Eclipse Restaurant is now serving meals based on those that were served to Al Capone, the Birdman and other inmates at Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.
Watermelon Jello Shots. Genius
Royal Cocktails Fit for a King!. Lets welcome the new HRH Prince of Cambridge by raising a glass and toasting the newest royal.
European Fast Food Chains You Won't Find in America. Since you can't get it in the States, it's still a cultural experience.
Snow Cream. The newest in cold desserts.
The Astoundingly Comprehensive Guide to EVERY SINGLE Top Chef Contestant. Pack your knives and go... look at how brutal the restaurant business can be!
Fast Food and Beer Pairings for the Modern Day Gentleman. Just don't try them in the drive-thru.
How to Make the World's Best Bloody Mary. It's a hangover cure, it's a nutritious breakfast; what more could you want?
Recipe Of The Day. Grilled to perfection.
Common Chicken Cooking Mistakes. How many are you guilty of?
The Perfect Summer Drink? Riesling from Germany & Austria. Looking for the ideal summer drink? Do you feel like something juicy, light to medium in body, refreshing and low in alcohol?
Beer Label GIFs Bring Iconic Brands To Life. Beer labels like you've never seen them before.
Guava Recipes (PHOTOS). It's time to give this tropical fruit a try.
Escargot Recipe. My grandmother taught me to like escargot. How? She didn't give me any other choice.
8 Cakes to Celebrate Summer Fruit. One, less-practiced way to put all that delicious summer fruit to good use.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Unlike some other ways of cooking ribs, this is not about smoke and seasoning
Friend of the Farmer Dinner in Copake. Earlier this year, the Accidental Locavore was introduced to Tessa Edick, who for the past two years has put on a great event for the local farming community
Food Informants. The trials and tribulations of growing a small food business.
How to Serve Up Summer Cocktails on a Budget. Food52 is a community for people who love food and cooking. Follow them at Food52.com -- and check out their new kitchen
America's Strangest Food Competitions. Ready to gawk?
Gummy Worms. America's favorite edible invertebrate.
Watermelon Cake. Tell us what you think of this Pinterest trend.
How a French Pastry Chef Lightens Up. At last week's Measured Indulgence Conference in San Francisco, celebrated French pastry chef Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Bau proposed a revolution. That's what he called it, and although it's not a secret plan to fill every Oreo Cookie on earth with ganache, it is radical -- at least in France.
Tequila Facts For National Tequila Day. Happy National Tequila Day!
White Gazpacho. Authentic? Oh, definitely not. Delicious? Holy yes.
Cotija Recipes. We like to think of this Mexican cheese as a cross between feta and Parmesan.
Yellow Squash Recipes, For When You're Sick Of Zucchini. Summer cooking has never been this good.
Recipe Of The Day. The perfect accompaniment to a summer-time cocktail.
Recipe Of The Day. This version has a salty secret ingredient.
elBulli. An epicurean haven has just arrived to London's Somerset House, where a vast array of elBulli-everything is on display for all to see.
A Walk in Bangkok's Food Markets. I was immediately reminded of how complex and refined Thai cooking is. Nothing is straightforward. Beyond the spiciness, which for some can be overpowering, sauces, condiments, relishes, spices, and herbs provide layers and layers of flavors.
Mystery of the Smoke Ring Solved!. What causes a \smoke ring\ to form around smoked meats?
Summer Very Berry Crumble. This crumble showcases the bright flavor and natural sugar of ripe fruit.
Your Pets, Eating Ice Cream (PHOTOS). Don't leave your cone unattended around these dogs and cats.
The Best Fast-Food Burger. McDonald's, Five Guys, Burger King... which chain does it best?
Unique McDonald's Meals From Around the World. Maharaja Mac anyone? How about a McBean?
Lettuceless Salad Recipes (PHOTOS). Hold The Greens, Please.
Fortune Cookies Fun Facts. But were too lazy to find out.
Clash of the Cooking Crews. Last month in the Detroit suburb of West Bloomfield, a cooking competition was held unlike the any of the various reality show-types you've seen on TV -- and it offers hope for the future.
Celebrities Named After Foods (PHOTOS). Apple isn't the only one.
Grilled Whole Fish. Grilling fish whole is one of the easiest, most delicious ways to enjoy summer cooking.
Misleading Food Songs. Don't be fooled by their misleading titles.
The 10 Best Ways to Eat Raw Vegetables. Eat your vegetables, in all their raw, crunchy glory.
California Picnic Dog Has a Chicken Fried Link Smothered in Watermelon Guac. With a chicken fried link smothered in watermelon guac, this sandwich is the edible version of human genius.
The Connecticut Lobster Roll. Hold the mayo, unleash the butter.
Edible Nation Branding for the Netherlands. On a recent excursion to the Netherlands, I was left bubbling with gastrodiplomacy ideas for the Dutch.
Americans. It's pretty simple
Recipe Of The Day. With shrimp, feta and red peppers.
The Peanut Butter And Banana Hot Dog Sandwich. We're just a little bit scared.
9 Foods/Utensils That Make It A Little Too Easy To Eat (PHOTOS). We are a society that may value convenience a little too much.
Top 10 Tequilas. National Tequila Day is July 24. Here are the 10 best reasons to celebrate.
Top 5 Tastes. While the city's haute dining scene is poppin' off at the moment, on my latest trip to Chicago I largely stuck to tradition, vowing to return and take the gastro route on my next trip.
Summer Fancy Food Show, Part II. Food made for wine can be a good shortcut right out of the package, but there's nothing like a fresh artisanal product.
10 Things We Love About Italy. If you love Italian food, you must watch this video.
The Best Things To Eat And Drink Right Now, According To 'GQ' (PHOTOS). Our mouths are watering.
Thai Crunch Salad With Peanut Dressing. Made with crisp Napa cabbage, crunchy vegetables, edamame and creamy peanut dressing, this was inspired by the Thai Crunch Salad from California Pizza Kitchen.
4 Steps to Crispy Sweet Potato Fries. Make fries at home with this easy recipe!
The Best Fried Foods, In Order (PHOTOS). No deep fried Oreos, Kool-Aid, butter or Coke on this list. Those aren't foods, they're novelties.
California Burrito. All hail local flavor.
Lemon Curd Recipes (PHOTOS). And all of them involve dessert.
Mayo Recipes. Take a deep breath and trust us on this one.
3 Easy, Fun and Tasty Recipes With 2 Ingredients. Easy recipes that require only two ingredients.
Unique Hot Dog Toppings From Around the World. Unusual burger toppings are all the hype right now, but why should burgers get all the attention?
What Is Your Favorite Meal? A Reflection on Flavor, Salmon, and a Way of Life. I love salmon
Top 10 Summer Beers. Delicious, nutritious and refreshing, beer is a 100 percent natural way to unwind after a long, hot day. Next time you're shopping, check out one of these world-class summer beers.
Three New & Rare Cognacs That Cost More Than a Trip to Paris. Don your bathrobe and pretend it's a silk smoking jacket as you get a taste for three of the priciest brandies out there.
Top 10 Barbecue Restaurants in the U.S.. In the mood for barbecue, but it's just too hot to light the grill?
The Worst In Hot Dog Toppings (PHOTOS). Canned peas? Really?!
Regional Burger Chains We Wish Were National. It's the place your friends keep saying you have to try when you visit their hometown. They think you're crazy for never having tasted it.
5 Foods You Can Cook in Your Dishwasher ... if You Dare. Hold up. You can cook food in your dishwasher?!
A Green Gazpacho. The humble cucumber is transformed into a beautiful gazpacho.
Weekend Brunch Recipe. This Tortilla Espa\u00f1ola, or Spanish Tortilla,\u00a0make a perfect dinner or brunch recipe.
Daiquiri Days!. Cool down during this heat wave with a classic, refreshing daiquiri.
Recipe Of The Day. Shellfish has never tasted so good.
Ranking the Best Wedding Passed Appetizers. The passed morsels of appetizer-y goodness you should seek out with the greatest fervor.
The Best Cheap Wine. Turns out $2.99 can get you more than one brand.
Steak Wrapping Paper for Grade-A Gift-Giving. The only gift-wrapping paper you'll ever need.
The Five Best Eco-Spreads. Spreads have come a long way from the days of instant-soup packets mixed with sour cream.
Recipe. You've had beef steaks on the grill, and you've probably had Portobello steaks, but have you had cauliflower steaks before?
Cooking With Children. Food can evoke cherished memories, many of which are formed during childhood.  Summer vacation is the perfect opportunity to create and share culinary memories with children.  My daughter and I have been making these memories since she was in her high chair.
Gluten-Free Recipes. Don't sacrifice flavor when your friends sacrifice gluten.
Cannoli Recipes (PHOTOS). Besides the ricotta and mascarpone filling.
Omelette Recipes That'll Jazz Up Your Standard Egg Breakfast. They're one of our favorite ways to turn eggs into a vessel for cheese.
Adventures in a Mexican Market. Whether I speak the language, or have the opportunity to use anything I might find at the market, I just love to go and wander, see what's available, watch the locals bargaining and commenting on the day's offerings.
The Biggest Failed Chain Restaurants. Some of the restaurants in our list are still well-remembered, and in fact you might not have realized that a couple of them
10 Corn Recipes to Master. From kernels that brighten pasta, to whole cobs charred on the grill, corn is a summer staple for a reason.
Hot Dog Stand in Sedona Cooks up a New Future for Owners. Pineapple and potato chips? Dill pickles and bacon? Wasabi mayo and sushi nori? These are the odd creations that make the little hole-in-the-wall that is Simon's worth a visit. They have incorporated the flavors of the world with the classic American hot dog.
Vegetarian Indian Recipes. Your vegetable-oriented guests will be relieved to have a break from tofu and pasta.
Recipe Of The Day. Perfectly salted.
Food Memories. From cotton candy to 'duck soup,' the first tastes we remember never cease to amaze.
Heart-Healthy Avocado Salad. This fresh salad recipe is the perfect blend of light vegetables and heart-healthy fats.
Food Informants. Now we're craving some salmon.
Grandpa's Greek Salad. Grandpa was a great cook.  Mom says he cooked \out of self-defense,\ in an age when a home kitchen was generally a woman's preserve.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Wine and lemon juice make this a sparkling, slightly tart dish; the vegetables add their own sweetness and aroma
An Ingredient List Both Poured and Plucked. End in the glass, but start in the garden
The Coolest Thing You'll Do With Vodka. Beat the summer heatwave with this ridiculously simple trick that keeps your vodka ice-cold for hours.
Are Digestifs the New Beer?. Originally invented as a medicine, this syrupy Italian liqueur is thick and brown and bittersweetly nasty, yet it's wildly
New Zealand Pinot Noir. New Zealand is a relatively new player on the world wine stage, and Pinot Noir is coming on strong there.
Two-Ingredient Magic Shell. There's magic hiding in your cupboard.
Ricotta Salata Recipes (PHOTOS). This is one cheese everyone should know.
Minty Cocktails for Summer. From the mint julep to the mojito, mint is the herbal star of summertime sipping.
Waffle House Instagram. Food porn, sweeping landscapes and globe lamps from 'under the yellow sign'.
Get Your Sweet And Salty Fix With A Bacon Weave Choco Taco. You've seen chocolate covered bacon, and you've seen the bacon weave taco shell. But have you seen them together?
Peach-Raspberry Cobbler With Cointreau Chantilly. Who can resist taking a spoonful of intensely flavorful, warm summer fruits topped with biscuit-y dough?
Vegan Cheesy Cherry Basil Scones. Vegan and cheesy? Trust us.
Chris Howell & Cain Vineyard. Chris Howell, the talented General Manager and Winemaker of Cain Vineyards in Spring Mountain, shares his views on wine, grape growing, winemaking, Napa Valley, Spring Mountain and more.
Chris Howell & Cain Vineyard. More from Chris Howell, the talented General Manager and Winemaker of Cain Vineyards.
Homecoming Meals. Guys, BK makes a mean frittata.
10 DIY Road Trip Snacks. Skip the fast food and convenience-store duds, and try one of these 10 easy, portable recipes.
Public Spaces That Still Deserve Better Food. Can we just get a decent sandwich? Please?
America's Best Steakhouses. The finest steakhouses the country has to offer
This 'Merica Burger Is Basically 100 Percent Made of Bacon. Nothing says 'Merica more than burgers and bacon. Or, burger made of bacon.
Picklebacks. Pickles are involved, in a very good way.
Recipe Of The Day. Barbecue wouldn't be the same without it.
Grilling Fails. Just be glad these fails never happened to you.
The Top-Searched Whiskeys, In Order From Worst To Best. People care about this spirit the same way they care about sports teams and mother countries.
America's Best Cities for Ice Cream (PHOTOS). You'll find everything from goat-cheese-and-cashew-caramel in Chicago to chocolate smoked sea salt or jalape\u00f1o in San Francisco.
The World's Most Unusual Food Festivals. Who knew you could actually join in a large scale roadkill cook-off?
Hot Chefs. Superficially speaking, of course.
The Best Food Bloggers To Follow In July (PHOTOS). The best in summer reading.
Hangover Foods. Refrain! No matter how much you want to give in.
Recipe Of The Day. There are a lot of great way to eat peaches
Watermelon Salad Recipe With Cucumbers, Mint and Feta Cheese. If you're looking for a cool and refreshing salad recipe for this summer, look no further.
The Proper Way to Shut Down a Grill. Because cooling it off is just as important as firing it up, here are the proper ways shut down a grill.
Cake Jewelry. Excuse us, we have some rings, necklaces and brooches to acquire.
This Is What Happens When You Mix the World's Greatest Drug With Booze. The five greatest coffee cocktails... ever.
LOOK. Fret not, '90s kids. While it may be harder to unwrap these starbursts with your tongue (\u00e0 la the commercial we all know and love), these candies are just smaller, bite-sized versions of the original.
How To Dine Out With Small Kids Without Losing Your Mind. When your baby is a teeny little thing, it's easy to strap on a Baby Bjorn and head to your favorite restaurant without a
Google Loves Nancy's Organic Kitchen. Give this recipe a try. You won't regret the taste but you will have to make up for the calories
Top 5 Tastes. Summer is for adventures, seafood and sunshine, and I managed to accomplish all of these in one week (and one taste!)
School Lunch Project. Packing lunch for our kids doesn't end when the school year does. For many of us, we're still packing for daycare, work, and even summer camps. Need ideas? These 10 will help you get out of the PB&J rut.
How To Eat a Mango. Suck, nibble, bite or chew? Who am I to tell you what to do? How to eat a mango really, is up to you.
Baking Your Way to a Slimmer You. These simple tips from my cookbook, Sweet & Skinny, will help to cut fat and calories out of your diet, without leaving you feeling deprived.
Tennis, Andre Agassi, and Pastry School. If Andre has taught me one thing, it's that you don't judge a career by a win or a loss, or even a match. Because a career is made up of dozens of matches, each one a life in miniature, and each one worth living to the fullest.
Mustard Greens Recipes (PHOTOS). Besides the fact that they're loaded with uber-healthy qualities.
Food Huggers Kickstarter. We WANT to hate these, but we kind of love them.
Summer Fancy Food Show, Part I. Last week the Summer Fancy Food Show took over New York's Javits Center, with thousands of vendors and distributors offering samples of the world's best gourmet products.
Twinkie Recipes. On July 15, they finally return.
McDonald's Most Spectacular Menu Flops. From the McLean Delux to the Hula Burger, here are the golden flops from McDonald's.
We Hate Wraps, This Much (PHOTOS). They're an embarrassment to food in general.
How to Convert a Recipe to Gluten Free. There's a little science and math involved, then you play with flavors, you follow your instincts.
Recipe Of The Day. The best in smoked fish.
House of Krug and the Quest for Perfection. What is the greatest, most reliable producer in Champagne across the board, especially when money is no object? For me, without a doubt, it is the House of Krug.
Fish Tacos. These fish tacos go perfectly with spicy micheladas.
Honey, Lime & Sriracha Chicken Skewers. These chicken skewers marinated in honey, lime and Sriracha are every bit as good as they look.
Love Match. The Solita Bar & Grill in Manchester, England, is celebrating Andy Murray's triumph at Wimbledon with a Scottish-themed burger called The Murray. It wouldn't be Scottish without a bit of deep-fried haggis, but there's more of course.
Three-Cabbage Cole Slaw Recipe. Not too sweet, not too heavy, but just right.
How Fresh Is Your Fish?. A few quick tips to selecting fresh fish and why buying local will taste a whole lot better.
The Top Sodas In America, In Order From Worst To Best (PHOTOS). You only have yourselves to blame.
Wine Lovers. Just as beer drinkers are wise to bolster their knowledge and appreciation of fine wine, so too are wine lovers well served by opening their palates to embrace the attributes of great beer. And with the hot and muggy season upon us, what better time to begin the exploration?
Ruth Bourdain Unmasked As Josh Friedland. One of the food world's greatest mysteries has been solved.
Meld Wine Glasses. Perfectly.
Mac's Steak In The Rough. This old-school drive-in is an Albuquerque institution.
10 Summer Dishes That Taste Better the Next Day. 10 summer recipes that are begging to be eaten as leftovers.
Poughkeepsie Farm Project. Seeing all the Asian veggies at the Poughkeepsie Farm Project's CSA gave me an idea for a version of my favorite Thai mint fried rice.
Sangria Recipes That Prove Wine And Fruit Are A Match Made In Boozy Heaven. Wine + fruit + ice + an adventurous spirit = perfect summer refreshment.
Artisanal Fast Food. Artisanal foods, too, can be \fast.\ Advances in technology are transforming the field, making luxuries such as small-batch coffee and forbidden rice with sun-dried mangoes instantaneous or nearly so.
Thinking Man's Barbecue. Food writing at its best.
My Must Visit Eateries While in Vancouver. After visiting Vancouver for the second time in the past few months I feel the need to share the delectable food experiences I have enjoyed while there. If you haven't visited the city recently, then you are missing out.
Recipe Of The Day. You've never tasted them this good.
Ice Cream Cake Recipes (PHOTOS). It's hard to beat the awesomeness that is this dessert.
The Top 10 Pastry Chefs in America. The best pastry chefs in America today, and their extraordinary creations.
Automatic Jam And Jelly Maker By Ball Seems Like Cheating (VIDEO). It doesn't seem completely ground-breaking to us yet, especially given the price tag.
Inside-Out Champagne Glasses Are Officially On Our Wish List (PHOTO). We'll be drinking our bubbly inside-out from now on, thank you.
Eat/Love. Food is this designer's canvas. In her hands, food becomes something avant-garde, strange, but also deeply intimate and familiar.
5 Insider Secrets of the Fancy Food Show. What we learned from the specialty food industry's most important opportunity to mingle, make deals, discuss trends, and generally stuff face.
Rollerskating Waitresses or Not, These Are the Best Drive-In Restaurants in the U.S.. Rollerskating waitresses or not, here are the best drive-in restaurants our country has to offer.
25 New Sorbet Recipes To Cool Down With This Summer. These sorbet recipes are anything but ordinary.
Recipe Of The Day. Stay cool this summer with these popsicles.
Food Informants. Obsessed with cronuts? Chef Ansel is waking up every day at 3:30am for you!
Strawberry Cr\u00e8me Fra\u00eeche Soft Serve. Every week on Food52, we announce a new Wildcard winner
Preserve The Flavors Of Summer With Pickles. Not just cucumbers and okra -- we're talking strawberries, rhubarb and more.
The Five Biggest Vodka Myths. Think you know everything about vodka? Think again.
16 Things That Taste Just Like Your Asian American Childhood. Nabisco? Hostess? Please, it's all about Lotte, Glico and Calbee.
We Are All Paula Deen. This is an opportunity for all of us to learn and grow from her highly-publicized mistake.  We are all responsible for what we say.  We can change anything in our lives for the better, but first we have to make the decision to try.
How To Render Lard (VIDEO). We'd do anything for a flakey crust.
Snack Recipes (PHOTOS). All of them delicious.
Pan-Fried Zucchini Flowers With Ricotta and Garden Herbs. How could you not love zucchini flowers?
Chefs' Guide to Portland. Go beyond the lobster roll and discover what Portland, Maine has to offer with these tips from two local chefs.
Best Of Reddit's Shitty Food Porn (PHOTOS). We want to give every single one of you a hug. It's going to be okay.
Classic Summer Desserts. Running around outside always works up our appetite for something sweet.
How To Say 'Beer' Everywhere In Europe (PHOTO). Other countries use different words altogether. Check out how \beer\ is said across Europe in the map below, which was made
Macadamia Nut Recipes (PHOTOS). Not they're not just for cookies either.
Recipe Of The Day. This cookie will change your life. Seriously.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Pie Crust. We promise, you can do this.
How Can One Become Pretentious About Red Wine?. What's the best way to become a pretentious wine drinker? Start by rejecting the regular wine list.
10 Summer Drinks to Sip Poolside. It is officially too hot to do anything except lounge by the pool. And no pool day is complete without some fruity beverages.
Red Leaf Lettuce (And Green Leaf) Recipes For Summer Salads And More (PHOTOS). Tender, mild, a little bit nutty and so pretty -- it's salad time.
McDonald's Offers One-Day-Only LTOs in Japan. In Japan, McDonald's is taking both the \limited-time offer\ and \premium price\ concepts to new extremes. The chain's \Quarter Pounder Jewelry\ promotion is three gem-stone-themed Quarter Pounder burgers, each of which is available for one day only.
Blindfolded Chef Juliennes Potatoes Better Than You Ever Could (VIDEO). Nice knife skills, chef.
Chicago's Best Outdoor Dining. You might have to plan ahead for these guys, and it's really not all that long until the heat gets to the unbearable point one might expect in late July or early August.
Bacon Brussels Sprouts With Brown Butter Vinaigrette. Despite the bacon and brown butter, the overall flavor of this dish is surprisingly light and refreshing, thanks to the crisp, tender texture of the Brussels sprouts and a generous squirt of lemon. It's light, healthy and decadent all at the same time.
10 Unexpected Food Trends, From Middle Eastern Cuisine to Cheesy Fermentation. Although the list curiously avoids any mentions of Nutella, bacon or even Sriracha, it's an interesting look into the future of culinary trends via the perspective of an experienced chef -- aka, somebody other than a \foodie\ blogger.
The 10 Best Ice Cream Parlors in the Word. The scoop on the best parlors to satisfy your creamy cravings worldwide.
Foodie Paradise. In a salute to some of my favorite local restaurants, coffee shops, lobster shacks, and ice cream parlors on Martha's Vineyard, I have the characters in my book, Island Apart, visit the same places where my wife and I like to eat.
10 Ways to Enjoy Overripe Berries. It's often the case that our eyes are bigger than our stomachs, and the once plump and happy fruit we bought at the beginning of the week can start to look a little sad in the fridge. Fear not!
Perfect Salmon. It never fails. If I ask my kids what they want for dinner, given anything, they almost always ask for salmon. I love it
Anthony Bourdain, Accidental Great Journalist. What Bourdain has managed to do is recruit the local cuisine and the people who eat, prepare and celebrate it as guides and storytellers, helping sharpen our sense of place. After all, food is universally necessary, commonly beloved.
The Ultimate Fried Chicken Roadmap. We know, you think your mom makes the best fried chicken out there. Nostalgia and hometown bias aside, though, many of us are also very opinionated about our favorite fried chicken joints outside of our own childhood kitchens.
The Best Store Cupboard Spice Mixes. Spices are my favourite ingredients to use in the kitchen. They add so much flavour to a dish and they help to reduce the amount of salt and fat you need to use - this is a good thing guys!
Recipes for an Imbibe-Inspired 4th of July Celebration. Planning a cookout this 4th of July? Fire up the grill and shake up a round with these Imbibe-inspired Independence Day eats and drinks.
We the Sensorily Deficient. Can we improve or heighten our senses of taste and smell -- \training\ them, just as we might train for a sport?
Fire-Eater Chicken Wings! The Only July 4th Wings Recipe You Need. What is it about wings that has earned them a cult following?
Celebrating Fourth of July. July 4 is about eating well, sitting back and enjoying each other's company. Except when it's not...
Top 5 Tastes. This week saw two instances of that oft flavorless item, chicken breast, prepared to fantastic perfection, four (!) fine dining experiences, and one gratis snack to round things out.
The Best Mail-Order Ice Cream Pints (PHOTOS). If you can't find these pints at your local store, don't despair.
How to Make Wild Garlic Bulbet Biscuits. A a foraged recipe, compliments of pastry chef Sarah Villamere from Langdon Hall in Toronto
Cooking Off the Cuff. If you can get the makings, you will amaze your guests -- and yourself.
Chicken Fat Croutons. You'll never buy croutons again... and you'll blow people's minds.
I Scream, You Scream. There's nothing quite as delicious as freshly churned homemade ice cream.
No-Bake Triple Chocolate Brownies. With no baking required, these fudgy treats are a perfect way to beat the summer heat.
Most Misunderstood British Foods. While Americans have welcomed all kinds of imported cuisines with open arms, a whole slew of British food has never caught on in the U.S. Maybe we're still resistant to our former colonizers. More likely, however, these foods simply got lost in translation.
Ben Franklin. It seems like the Founding Fathers were on to something with all this beer drinking, and we have to say, we're impressed with their ability to lay the foundations of our nation after knocking back a few.
14 Great Grilling Recipes for the 4th of July. Forget the standard fare. Throw the ultimate July 4th party with these easy gourmet grilling recipes.
The Best Potato Salad Recipe You've Ever Tasted. The perfect side to bring to your next picnic or barbecue.
The Spirits of America. These bourbons and ryes will make you proud of our country.
4th of July Big Batch Cocktails. Whip up one batch, kick back and enjoy!
Food Informants. Thursday, June 19 Thursday June 13 Tuesday, June 17 12:11pm
Happy Birthday America!. I wish you all a very happy and healthy Independence Day with a tasty tribute to all of the accomplishments you have made that have allowed you to grow and advance as a person.
Top 10 Ice Cream Shops in the U.S.. Where to find the best frozen treats around the country, from old-time ice cream parlors to imaginative gelato shops.
The Best Cheeses, In Order (PHOTOS). Let's get something out of the way right this second
Etsy Hot Dog Swag. Prove it with this incredible swag from Etsy.
The Top 10 Ice Cream Shops In America (PHOTOS). We think a road trip is in order.
Top 10 Bottled Waters. Next time you're thirsty, reach for one of these.
I Scream for Vegan Ice Cream!. Cow-free ice cream can taste just as good!
Museum Of Food & Drink Launches Kickstarter Campaign For First Exhibit (VIDEO). Why should you contribute? Well besides the fact that if the project gets funded you get to see cereal made before your eyes
Food Curated. Mark Firth, the owner and chief farmhand of the Bell & Anchor, \just want(s) to eat well and keep it unpretentious.\
Recipes. In effort to be civicly and culinarily responsible, here are four recipes that I love and use on days I want to cut the meat.
The Best '90s Snack. Between the Shark Bites and Bugles, this will not be an easy decision.
Musical Beer Bottle. Try not to make your non-playable beer bottles feel too inadequate.
5 Surprising Food Lies. Food lies you've probably been fed.
Top 30 New Burger Joints of 2013 (So Far). Burger joints are moving away from build-your-own to wild-creations menus. Here are some of the most noteworthy.
Epic Meal Time Carl's Jr. Ad Features Lots Of Bacon (VIDEO). Bacon. Bacon. Bacon. Bacon. Bacon.
8 Perfect Picnic Foods That Don't Require Refrigeration. Leave the ice cream at home and pack a basket with these delicious picnic bites everyone will love.
Skewer Station. And destroys the cook's dignity.
Oyster Mushroom Recipes. Although they seem exotic, they are some of the most cultivated fungi in the world. Eat up!
The Egg-And-Cheese Sandwich Gets An Upgrade (PHOTOS). One of each, please.
Recipe Of The Day. Get more popcorn recipes. If you're looking for a caramel corn recipe to get you started, we've got just the one. Our caramel
Tiramisu Recipes (PHOTOS). Mascarpone is definitely one of them.
Tomato Frittata With Fresh Herbs. A perfect dish to make when tomatoes are at their peak!
Heavenly Banana Pudding Parfaits. A wonderfully nostalgic and delicious treat.
Recipe Of The Day. You should try this Sicilian specialty.
Seventeen Tequila Sunrises. I asked modern-day mixologists for their new takes on this now-controversial, much-mocked classic cocktail. I now give you Seventeen Tequila Sunrises:
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Pickling. Essential tips to start making your own at home.
Shiitake Recipes. For starters, they embody a satisfying umami you can't get from any other plant-based food.
Gouda Recipes. Gouda is like a chameleon -- only significantly more delicious.
Chicken Charlie's Insane Fair Food Menu (PHOTOS). No one can say it isn't innovative.
How to Hack S'mores Without a Fire. Indoor s'mores, for those of us who live in the city.
6 July 4th Tips for the Best Pulled Pork Sandwiches! Plus, the PERFECT Pulled Pork Recipe. Pulled pork is ridiculously simple to make, but it looks and tastes like you've been cooking all day.
The Best Regional Cheap Beers. An ode to the unsung cheap beers of America.
Saving Greece, One Bite at a Time. Real Greek Feta is all sheep milk cheese, smooth and creamy.
Slow Down And Make Barbecue Sauce. It's worth every dish you'll have to wash. Promise.
Here's What the In-N-Out 'Monkey Style' Burger Looks Like [VIDEO]. While In-N-Out still claims they have no \secret menu,\ they've acknowledged a fair amount of their off-menu items through a page on their website. I had heard of Animal Style and Protein Style, but until a few days ago, I had never heard of the Monkey Style burger.
The Curious Adventures of Kirk Lombard. The Bay Area's ultimate indie fisherman.
Vegan Strawberry Empanadas Recipe. Sweet empanadas are perfect for breakfast or dessert.
Chardonnay in Balance. Chardonnay has been one of the hallmark wines made in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
10 Classic American Dishes for the Fourth of July. Regional recipes from across the country that showcase quintessential American home-cooking.
Ground Beef Recipes That Go Beyond Burgers. Think outside the hamburger.
Persian Recipes. We all need more pomegranate juice, cardamom, rosewater, pistachios and saffron.
How to Sous-Vide at Home (Without An $800 Machine). A sous-vide machine you can make at home, and the perfect soft-boiled egg to go with it.
Burger King Puts Cocktails, BBQ on Tokyo Menu. Burger King tomorrow will begin serving cocktails such as Mojitos and Pink Daiquiris to accompany new barbecued-rib dinners in three Tokyo restaurants.
My Top 5 Tips to Avoid Your Own BBQ Disaster. Here are a few great tips to help you get through your next BBQ outing unscathed.
10 Best Food Trucks in America. Serving everything from kimchi kraut to bulgolgi-covered hot dogs, food trucks are still cool.
Our Favorite Beer Koozies On The Internet. Are most of these completely juvenile? Absolutely. But we still want them.
Name Origins of 26 Alcoholic Drinks, Plus Recipes (VIDEO). Take comfort in knowing that Alabama Slammers do indeed have roots in Alabama.
Don't Get Hung Up on Terroir -- It's Just a Feel-Good Myth. Is 'terroir' really a myth?
Uruguay II. Uruguay's booming economy and rapidly improving wine culture are creating great options for wine and food holidays in this delightful small South American country, with its great beaches and increasingly delicious wines.
To France via Argentina. What happens when New World wine regions start messing with the crown jewels of Burgundy and Bordeaux?
Recipe Of The Day. These taste just like banana bread.
Carnation Instant Breakfast Made Childhood Mornings Better. You made childhood mornings so much better.
Burrata Recipes So Divine, You'll Be Convinced It's The Earth's Best Cheese. You need more burrata in your life. Allow us to help.
Guide to Salumi. Necessity is the mother of invention, and so the tradition of salting, smoking and air drying was born.
These are the 33 Best Burgers in the Entire Country. Some are char-grilled, or griddled, or even smoked. Some are packed with suet or beef made from magic Japanese cattle.
Mac And Cheese Creations. You can add this dish to just about everything.
How to Grill Salmon. An incredible and healthy grilled dinner.
Food Informants. Lots of chefs, lots of food.
Cooking Off the Cuff. With young early-summer peas, I can think of nothing better than a dinner of plain crushed peas.
The Telephone, a Kitchen Appliance. Cooking is back. But many in our city still don't have the time or the financial means to dedicate themselves to it on a daily basis.
A Gift of Charcuterie. One of the joys of charcuterie is that great cured meats can and do come from anywhere.
Pret-A-Manger's Salad Container Swap Highlights US-UK Cultural Divide. But until recently, one aspect of the dining experience was lost in translation
Strawberry Season. Do you enjoy them out of the basket, dipped in chocolate, or frozen into ice cubes (a brilliant way to beautify your next glass of lemonade)?
10 Wacky and Wonderful Ice Creams. Put your beloved chocolate and vanilla back in the freezer and try one -- or all! -- of these unique flavors.
Sweet Bourbon Recipes (PHOTOS). There's not much that can make dessert better. It's already full of all of our favorite things
Recipe Of The Day. Related to the cobbler, this is the perfect summertime dessert.
Rao's Genius Meatballs. Ultra-tender meatballs with a surprising magic ingredient, from the one and only Rao's.
Panzanella Salad Recipes (PHOTOS). All salads should have bread in it.
Iced-Tea Battle Brews for Burger Chains. With the noisy introductions of such recent entrees as Wendy's Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger, Sonic's Pretzel Dogs and McDonald's new Quarter Pounders it's been easy to overlook the quiet race for iced-tea supremacy going on among the top burger chains.
Wedding Gifts For Food Lovers (PHOTOS). Think outside the registry.
Green Garlic Recipes. This late spring farmer's market arrival will convert even the most garlic-averse.
Move Over Texas, Memphis, and KC. NY BBQ has arrived.
Deep Dish Pizza. Real Chicago deep-dish pizza is more of a savory pie than a fluffy, focaccia-like bread.
Wine Drinkers Launch Lobbying Group. American wine buyers face different restrictions in every state, but the American Wine Consumer Coalition is out to change all that.
Sky Ice. Sky Ice, an artisan, all-natural ice cream shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn, is churning our flavors like lychee rose, wasabi peanut butter and dark chocolate campfire.
The Worst Jelly Belly Flavors. There are so many bad ones out there.
Recipe Of The Day. Even better than an egg salad.
Thai Style Mint Fried Rice. Last week, a bunch of Asian veggies inspired a Thai-styled fried rice with some of the leftover pork loin.
Custom Coffee Stencils Get Your Message Across. Custom stencils have changed your morning cup of joe forever.
15 Things You Didn't Know About Dunkin' Donuts. How much do we really know about this monolith of coffee, pastries, and inexplicably intense Boston pride?
36 Ways To Eat Cereal For Dessert (Without Serving It In A Bowl With Milk). Nope, none of them come in a bowl with milk.
Doritos Recipes. From casseroles to pastas.
Veggie Crack. This Mexican-inspired salad is referred to as \veggie crack\ because it so addictive.
4-Ingredient Vegan White Chocolate Recipe. White chocolate
Cruze Buttermilk. When this Tennessee dairy farmer starts talking about milk, we listen.
Beer Bucket Cake. Whoever received this for their birthday must really love Tui IPA.
Silverware Jewelry. Some of these are barely recognizable as eating utensils.
Top 5 Tastes. With many dips in the deep fryer and a meat-and-shellfish-heavy few days, this was not a particularly healthy week, but delicious, adventuresome and altogether delightful it was.
Recipe Of The Day. For when you really need that caffeine fix.
No-Bake Cheesecake Recipes (PHOTOS). This is what summertime \baking\ is all about.
Pizza Hut's 'Firebaked Style Flatbread Pizzas' Debut Nationwide. Pizza Hut tries to go upscale.
Wendy's Rolling Out Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger. You guessed it. This burger has a toasted pretzel bun.
Shaken, Stirred And Big-Batch Summer Cocktail Recipes That Refresh. Which recipe for liquid refreshment will we fall in love with this year?
6 Easy Summertime Seafood Recipes. Whether you need a quick weeknight meal or impressive dish for entertaining, these seafood recipes have you covered.
Candy Dots. We made a startling discovery about this sugary treat
A Lime Cut Three Ways. You can take your mint tea, mint ice cream, mint and lamb and whatever else you might use fresh mint for. I use it exclusively for the mojito.
Fish Sauce Recipes. This complex condiment manages to make everything it touches taste better.
The Best Potato Chip Flavors, In Order (PHOTOS). A list of flavors, from worst to best.
Who Has the Finest Fast Food Fries? We Rank the Bests, and the Busts. \Would you like fries with that?\ The bests and the busts of America's fast food fries.
Chocolate Banana Pancakes. Smothering these warm pancakes with some butter or peanut butter, and drizzling with maple syrup and a sprinkle of cinnamon makes a great breakfast!
The 10 Best Burgers in America. The burger
Slow Down And Make Barbecue. It's worth every minute.
McDonald's Puts Innovation on its Menu. McDonald's is renewing its push to foster innovation as the way to build its QSR sales leadership in a slow-growth restaurant marketplace. The result of that push may be significant developments in food, store operations and technology.
Adam Carolla. This podcast host is NOT happy with our dessert ranking.
10 Ways to Mix Up Your Summer Seafood Routine. Although freshly caught fish and shellfish need no embellishment there's nothing wrong with a little gussying up.
Tempura Recipes That Prove Frying Food Is Always A Good Idea. If you can get batter to stick to it, it's fry-able.
Little Debbie Snack Cakes. Banana Pudding Rolls, where have you been all our lives?!?!?
Eating the Big Apple. A new cuisine based on old flavors, local ingredients, nostalgic resonances, and the culinary culture clash.
Savory Ramen Chocolate Is Actually Delicious. And it was surprisingly delicious!
Cake Decorating. No baking skills required.
Toothpick Holder Mania. We think you deserve a chuckle, or at least a pensive \hmm\ when you pull one of these out.
Balcony Grill. We cannot think of a universe where this isn't totally dangerous.
10 July 4th Tips for RIBS! Plus, the Only Ribs Recipe You'll Ever Need. Ribs
Goliath vs. David. A few days prior to Father's Day weekend, a friend of mine asked me if I'd ever been to the Blue Ridge BBQ Festival in Tyron.
Creative Cooking. Dig into the best ingredients that summer supplies -- little neck clams, cherry stone clams, shrimp, lobsters, mussels, corn on the cob, Andouille sausage -- without having to dig a fire pit or do any heavy lifting.
It's About Time You Found Some New Iced Tea Recipes. Don't let its simplicity trick you into thinking that this refreshing drink is boring.
Recipe Of The Day. There's no feta in these. They're Palestinian style.
Watermelon Oreos Aren't As Gross As We'd Imagined, But Not Great Either (PHOTOS). Stick to the original, Oreo.
Summery Cocktails to Celebrate the Solstice. The longest -- and hopefully the sunniest -- day of the year is always a cause for celebration.
8 Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!-Themed Boozy Punch recipes, Knocked Out by the Country's Top Mixologists. Booze-filled punches knocked out by the country's top mixologists.
Our Favorite Ways To Eat Flowers. These recipes are so beautiful that they are kind of freaking us out.
Healthy Eating for Kids. When it comes to healthy eating for kids, farmers markets build an important connection -- beyond the food.
Street Food Is for Masochists. Street food is for masochists. Not the food part. As food, street food is as good as any other food, and sometimes better. I mean the street part.
30 Popsicles You Need To Make (And Eat) This Summer. It's the best way to keep cool.
Strawberry Shortcake Cupcakes. Pillowy cupcakes filled with strawberries and cream.
How to Pair Wine With Seafood. When it comes to serving wine with seafood, we want the wine to marry with the delicate flavors of the fish.
This Is the Pizza Hut x Doritos Locos Tacos Mashup You've Been Waiting for. Quite possibly the greatest fast food invention of all time.
It's-It Ice Cream Sandwiches. Warning
From Food to Fiction. Island Apart is a foodie love story set on Chappaquiddick Island in Martha's Vineyard.
So Apparently, We Can Eat Our Milk & Cookies Like This. Gone are the days of trying to fit your cookie into an uncooperative glass.
Dumbest Kitchen Tools. And the award for the most worthless kitchen tool goes to...
Watermelon Oreos Are Real And On Sale At Target For A Limited Time (PHOTO). We're set to receive a box ourselves (stay tuned for a taste test!), and initial reports have us optimistic about the cookie's
Beer Can Concealer Hides Your Drink, Is A Terrible Idea (PHOTO). Just get some koozies like normal people!
The Magic That Molecular Gastronomists Don't Discuss. Discovering the science behind magical concoctions.
Seattle's International Film Festival Put Tropical Fruits and Expensive Wine on the Big Screen. At Seattle's International Film Festival, film directors were showing their appetizing movies or thought provoking documentaries about common thus forgotten foods.
The Best Ben & Jerry's Flavor. Are you a Cherry Garcia fan or is Americone Dream more your thing?
Crumble, Cobbler, Crisp, Buckle, Brown Betty. Or a grunt, slump, buckle or brown Betty? We'll help you decode!
Cooking for Inspiration. For me, the answer to many of life's negative outcomes is quite simple
Food Inspired Cocktails. According the to the Museum of the American Cocktail, the first printed reference to the word \cocktail\ was in 1806.
Bask in the Glory of the Most Anti-Paleo Dish Ever Created. A Duck Confit & Pastrami Poutine sandwich that breaks all the paleo diet rules.
Ice Cream, We're Smitten. With cones, sundaes, and a la mode desserts, how can you not be smitten?
Why LA's Restaurants May Be Better Than Those In New York. The west coast city simply has the best dining options in America right now.
'A Spoken Dish' Asks Southerners About Their Food Memories (VIDEO). 'A Spoken Dish' captures the most vivid culinary memories of the South, one video at a time.
Juice Press. We never thought we'd be able to have sweet potato pie on a cleanse.
The Best Pies, In Order (PHOTOS). From worst to best, presented without comment.
This Is the Biggest Austin Restaurant Opening of the Year. True Story.. Top Chef Paul Qui's new restaurant is the first upscale dining establishment in a zone that's more known for Lone Stars than star chefs.
The Coolest Summer Snacks, Drinks and Treats. Summer is all about the light, easy and quick meal, and plenty of good snacks, drinks and treats.
Accidental Food Writing. Come for the story, stay for the food.
Recipe Of The Day. A traditional Moroccan dish perfect anytime of the year.
New Foods at the Fair. Trying to fit into your new bikini? Too bad. Because the following fatty-tastic foods will enlarge your waistline just by looking at them.
The Sour Cherry Recipes You Want And Need. We're branching out from our normal recipe
The 50 Best Craft Beers In America In 2013, According To Zymurgy Magazine. Geeks love lists -- in theory, if not always in practice.
Today I Learned. My only solace is that he goes by \Cap'n\ Crunch instead of \Captain.\ Still, I'm a little heartbroken over here. P.S.
A Young Oregon Winemaker (VIDEO). McMinnville, Oregon Remy Drabkin grew up in a community where exciting new winemakers were helping to shape the nascent wine
Recipe Of The Day. This Italian dessert will make you forget all about cannolis.
Birthday Cake-Flavored Food (And Non-Food) Items Have Gone Too Far (PHOTOS). This has gotten a bit out of control.
Oreo Cookie Pancakes. Redefining the very concept of \pan cake.\
There Are Plenty of Other Fish in the Sea (Why Aren't You Eating Them?). People everywhere should be as open to experimenting with unfamiliar fish as they are to feasting on obscure parts of a pig.
The Clean & Easy Way to Roast Beets. A simple and straightforward workaround for the messiness of roasting beets.
Butter Lettuce Recipes -- Or Boston, Or Bibb Or Whatever You Call It (PHOTOS). This lettuce has so many aliases, we're tempted to question it about espionage.
Grilled Spice-Rubbed Beef Tenderloin Filets With Chimichurri. A specialty of Argentina, chimichurri is a tangy, zesty condiment traditionally served with grilled meats. This is a perfect dish for Father's Day.
America's First Cocktail. We know one thing for certain
The Best Summer Ice Cream Flavors. From juniper & lemon curd to honey cinnamon, we've found the flavors that'll instantly improve your summer.
Nordic Summer Cooking, By Sweet Paul Magazine (PHOTOS). Fresh ingredients from nearby, simple techniques and the unquenchable desire to eat outside.
Fries Move From Side to Burger Topping. \Do you want fries with that?\ is now \Do you want fries ON that?\
Carb-Free Beef Stroganoff. Once thought of as an impressive gourmet dish for dinner parties, Beef Stroganoff is actually easy enough to make any night of the week.
America's Best Chicken Parm Sandwiches. What makes the perfect chicken Parm sandwich?
An Imbibe-Inspired Father's Day Gift Guide. Still stumped on what to get dad? From a complete cocktail kit to the must-have whiskey of the season, here's our guide to some favorite Father's Day finds.
Hot Apps for Herbs, Peppers, Cocktails - And Virgin Vegans. Want to become a vegas, mix the perfect cocktail or identify the hottest peppers? These top food apps are for you.
This Father's Day, Give the Gift of Gin. Fatherhood is one great big adventure, so why not get a little adventurous on his day? Here are 11 off-the-beaten path gins for Father's Day.
A Night of Good Humor. The bells woke up me up. I could hear them through my open window coming from the street below.
8 Ways to Eat Cake for Breakfast. We've always loved cake for breakfast. Now we can feel good about it.
Recipe Of The Day. Seriously better when homemade.
Wine Country Chic, Napa Valley Style. What does \wine country casual\ mean?
Three Minutes Of Asparagus Zen (VIDEO). Hello, spring.
Homemade Cinnamon Rolls. Decadent, delicious cinnamon rolls. What could be better?
Cooking Off the Cuff. Can green be a flavor? This pasta tasted like the spring weather outside
A Torrent of Torrontes. Spicier than viognier, sweeter than pinot gris, lighter than chardonnay, torrontes -- Argentina's native grapes -- make wonderfully refreshing wines that are perfect for summer days.
Homemade Red Wine Barbecue Sauce. Skip the overly sweet packaged barbecue sauces and take back control with the homemade stuff
Get The Dish. Ultra-comforting, and packed with layers of meat sauce, cheese, and tender noodles, Olive Garden's Lasagna Classico is one
Extreme Close-Ups Of A Cronut In The Making. If you don't live in New York City and you have taste buds that are anything like ours, then chances are you're vying desperately
11 Surprising Items That Require Cold Storage. In or out? The ultimate guide on what belongs in the refrigerator. Read more on Real Simple
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Lobster. Yes, you can get past the moving tentacles and sharp claws.
How To Sneak Brown Butter Into All Of Your Recipes. Your doughnuts, pastas, ice creams and pancakes will never be the same.
Top 10 Cheap Eats in the U.S.. Stuck on a budget, but want to eat like a big spender?
Recipe Of The Day. Prepared Brazilian style.
Peanut Butter Cookie Recipes To Try On National Peanut Butter Cookie Day. Happy National Peanut Butter Cookie Day!
Temporary Food Tattoos. Always wanted some culinary ink, but were afraid to take the plunge? We found a solution!
6 Healthy (and Yummy) Ways to Eat Kale. Here are some healthy ways to incorporate kale in your diet.
The Best Pasta Shapes. We argued about this one for so long, we knew we needed your help.
Father's Day Food Gifts Your Dad Will Actually Like (PHOTOS). Does your dad love to eat, drink, cook or make drinks? We've got you covered.
Smoked Salmon, Lox, Gravlax. Never ask for the wrong (although still delicious) bagel topping ever again.
Andrew Zimmern. Tell us how you really feel, Andrew.
Seafood Cupcakes Are Alarmingly Realistic. They're alarmingly realistic.
An Interview With Deborah Madison. Veteran food author Deborah Madison's new cookbook Vegetable Literacy draws inspiration for its recipes directly from the garden.
America's Best Ribs. Click Here to see The Complete List of America's Best Ribs We reached out to some of the country's most renowned food writers
Recipe Of The Day. Lemon-stuffed and grilled.
Food Bloggers. Summer time reading just got so much better.
20 Summer Side Dishes. Whether you're cooking for a potluck BBQ or a weeknight dinner at home, these summer side dishes are sure to please.
Homemade Apple Pie Candy Apple Recipe Will Blow Your Mind. Say that three times fast.
Boston Lettuce and Radish Salad With Grilled Fingerling Potatoes and Lemon-Garlic Vinaigrette. A mouthwatering salad that's perfect warm-weather fare!
Crock-Pot Chocolate Brownie Recipe Is Simply Magical. Think your Crock-Pot is only for meats and veggies? Think again.
Mascarpone Recipes For Dessert (PHOTOS). Tiramisu is just the beginning.
12 Father's Day Lessons About Live Fire Cooking by Steve Raichlen. In many families, grilling and barbecue are rites of passage.
Traveling in the North Country. A trip to North Korea from the seventh issue of Lucky Peach, the Travel Issue.
A Love Letter To Barbecue (PHOTOS). And we bet we're not alone.
Beige, Toothless Desserts. I'm a little fussy about desserts. Here are my rules.
7 Scotch Cocktails Your Dad Will Love. This year, give your pops something a little more spirited.
The Worst Foods At Restaurants. Summer swimsuit season is just around the corner, and we have bad news
Are Blonds Having More Fun?. A new chocolate bar called Dulcey Chocolate Bar is a \blond\ chocolate and it is like no other chocolate you've tasted. I expect there will be numerous copycats pretty soon.
Trofie With Arugula Pesto and Flash-Saut\u00e9ed Cherry Tomatoes With Garlic Scapes. Have you ever heard of 'sexy pasta?' Listen to the story behind trofie.
Why Can't We Regulate Restaurant Olive Oil?. Olive oil fraud
The McClures. Just because something is artisanal doesn't mean it has to be precious. McClure's is a real Detroit success story, born from family love and a desire to improve a city.
Recipe Of The Day. Chilled soup is the perfect summer-time meal.
Michael Chiarello. Coqueta inhabits the new futuristic realm in which restaurants are designed to be more than just places where we eat. This new culinary realm, chef Chiarello explains, \fills an experiential void\ for urban Americans who are drained by stress and boredom.
The 10 Dos And Don'ts Of The Perfect Lobster Roll (PHOTOS). So many lobster rolls, so little time.
The Best Bacon Dishes In America (INFOGRAPHIC). These are pretty special.
The Inside-Out Omelet. So much better than the original.
The Best Coconut Water. We're at a loss when it comes to figuring out why people like this stuff.
Donut-Loaded Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). The only right way to celebrate National Donut Day.
Wholesome Morning Glory Muffins. If you like carrot cake, you will love these.
Celebrate Soft-Shell Crab Season With These Epic Recipes. Quick, before the season ends!
Tennis Anyone?. This traditional English summertime drink is perfect for tennis matches, polo parties or any backyard happening.
'Croque Monsieur' Rap By Wordburglar Pays Homage To The Classic French Sandwich (VIDEO). This ain't a ham and cheese, it's croque monsieur.
The 5 Indispensable Grill Tools to Get for Father's Day. Where there is a man and a grill, there is a gadget.
Subway's 'Secret Menu' Revealed By Executive Chef Chris Martone (PHOTOS). Subway's executive chef reveals some off-menu treats.
America's 10 Best Boardwalks for Food. Expect plenty of fried delights, cavity-inducing confections and foods on a stick.
22 Maps That Show How Americans Speak English Totally Differently From Each Other. We love that almost half of the words chosen in this study are food words.
Summer Beers You Need To Drink Before Labor Day. Stock up your fridges!
Paula Deen Debuts 'Finishing Butter,' Tortilla Chips And Chocolates. This is not a joke.
Recipe Of The Day. A lighter take on the classic.
Ruffles 'Crispy Fries,' A Cross Between Potato Chips And French Fries, Hit Shelves June 23. \Chips or fries? The timeless struggle, the eternal choice,\ read bags of Ruffle's new Crispy Fries, which debut nationwide on July 13. The crunchy potato snack is a hybrid between French fries and potato chips in both appearance and taste, and the effect isn't unappealing.
How to Navigate Food Festivals. Long lines, high temperatures, food shortages... Food festivals can be tough. They can also be awesome -- if you know what you're doing.
Peanut Butter & Jelly Mistakes You're Making. Tips for making your childhood favorite that much better.
Cooking With Hot Sauce. Watch out. These recipes are HOT.
The Pizza Making Mat For The Perfectionist. Say goodbye to oval-almost-triangular shaped homemade pizzas.
Egg Fails. Fourteen cooking disasters that are so much worse than yours could ever be.
Yogurt Cake. Perfect for teatime.
Pretzel Pool Float. Now all we need is a pool full of melted cheese.
Will the Real Chocolate Truffle Please Stand Up?. Unearthing the truth about truffles.
The Best Ice Cream Flavor. It's your duty to vote! Come tell us which flavor rules them all.
Buttermilk Ranch Dressing in a Jar. Homemade ranch dressing in just three simple steps
New Indian Wines Add to New York's Diverse Cuisine Scene. At the launch event, more than a hundred New Yorkers spanning every cultural community in the city raised a glass of Mirza
Fruit And Its Various Varieties (INFOGRAPHIC). Who knew informative posters could be so cute?
Trader Joe's Appeases Greenpeace -- Sort of. Trader Joe's has rocketed from 15th to third place on Greenpeace's 2013 sustainable seafood scorecard based largely on the retailer's decision to sharply reduce its sale of red-listed items and establish tougher standards for the seafood it purchases, whether wild or farmed.
The Only Pancake Recipe You'll Ever Need. Breakfast just got so much better.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cookie Recipe Is the Best of Both Worlds. A new way to enjoy one of our favorite, sugary breakfast cereals.  They're just as amazing as you think they are.
Recipe Of The Day. They're healthy AND delicious.
No. 9 Restaurant, Millerton. Good food happens for a reason
Pizzaghetti Sloche, A Pizza And Spaghetti-Flavored Slush Drink, Hits Couche-Tard Stores. Pizzaghetti (or pizza-ghetti) is a combo meal of pizza and spaghetti popular in many parts of Quebec. So popular, in fact, that convenience store chain Couche-Tard dreamt up a pizzaghetti-themed version of its frozen Sloche beverage, which is similar to the Slush Puppie.
What to Know About Imported Seafood. Know where your seafood is coming from.
Three Ways to Honor Rhubarb. Rhubarb shines all on its own.
A Decorated Cookie You Won't Want to Spit Out. Gail Dosik, the founder and cookie aficionado behind One Tough Cookie, knows everything there is to know about cookies.
11 Cold, Sweet Treats to Beat The Heat. From strawberry frozen yogurt to chocolate cream pie, here are 11 cold, sweet and refreshing treats to beat the heat.
Gravy Candy. Just in case you got any wild ideas, it doesn't come with mashed potato candy.
Jell-O, Why Are You So Gross?. We've had enough of your wiggle and jiggle.
A Real Slice of Greece. This was a land beyond deadlines and traffic jams, untouched by tourists and time. You could see it in the landscape and taste it in even the simplest of foods. This was real, this was life, and this was Greece.
Favorite Foods. It's time to hunt down the readers who chose \oatmeal\ and give them a stern talking to.
The Yogurt War. How does the food industry resemble life itself?
Sriracha Documentary, By Griffin Hammond, Set For September 2013 Debut. Do you love Sriracha? You know, the spicy sauce of Thai origin, which these days seems a suitable topping for an ever-expanding range of foods, from macaroni to omelettes. Luckily for Sriracha-philes, a movie about the stuff is in the works.
The Art of Blending Wines. Vineyard owner and winemaker James Frey is perfecting the art of blending wine.
The Most Clich\u00e9d Father's Day Cooking Gifts 2013. Your dad does more than grill and drink beer! Find another gift.
Cute Panda Cookies Melt Our Hearts (PHOTO). Almost.
The Pig in My Fridge. The things that show up in my fridge these days (now that I live with a chef) are much closer to alive than they look by the time they reach Key Foods.
Ethical Foie Gras. The incredible story of a family who has managed to produce this delicacy in a humane, sustainable way.
Looking at Life from a Kid's Point of View. I am a firm believer that if you can explain it to a kid, you're on the right track.
Art In The Age Spirits. Each of these spirits is a history lesson, which really appeals to the specific kinds of nerds we are.
New Kids on the Wine Block. The Santa Cruz Mountains American Viticulture Area (AVA), in northern California, running along the Pacific coast south of San Francisco to Santa Cruz, is one of the most diverse wine growing regions in the world.
The Chillsner Keeps Your Beer Cold. Never suffer through a warm brew again.
Recipe Of The Day. The best thing you can do with a plantain.
Scallop Recipes (PHOTOS). They're even easier to make than shrimp.
Etsy Pizza Love. You say you love pizza? Prove it.
Fat Magnet. It's the quickest way to suck all the flavor from your food.
Dear Strawberry Kiwi Flavor. You used to be in fruit salads. You used to be in smoothies. But now it's gone too far.
Top 5 Tastes. From saffron-hued sea urchin to vibrant carrots and buffalo shrimp, it was another tasty week of fun!
Which Cup Keeps Coffee Hotter... Longest? (VIDEO). From cheap styrofoam to ceramic to expensive bone China to plastic and even 20-dollar thermoses, everyone who drinks coffee has their favorite \Caffeine Delivery Vehicle.\ And yet one question lingers
Recipe. There's something to be said about that old school Italian restaurant where they make you feel like family. Marco Polo in Caroll Gardens, Brooklyn is just this kind of family restaurant.
Cocktails to Celebrate Negroni Week. Recipes to celebrate this bittersweet Italian classic.
Why Spelling Knaidel Just Became A Really Big Deal For Arvind Mahankali (VIDEO). Does it sound like a matzoh ball? That's because it is!
Stop Saying 'Veggies'; Vegetables Are Due Respect. The word \veggie\ reduces vegetables to something fluffy and insubstantial, when they're anything but.
DIY Steak Sauce Recipe. A perfect gift for Father's Day.
Best Butter Taste Test. Are we wasting money because of brand allegiance?
The Chicken Burger You Need to Make This Summer. Mixing up the all-American sandwich.
Mini Coffee Cupcakes With Walnut Crumble. If you love coffee and you love walnuts, you'll love these cupcakes.
What Chef Roy Choi Is Teaching South Central L.A. Students. Chef Roy Choi is having a moment.
Sanford & Benedict. Sanford & Benedict is one of California's most historically significant and renowned vineyards because it proved two things
A Love Letter To Lobster Rolls (PHOTOS). With butter or mayonnaise, we won't discriminate.
20 Regional Hot Dogs In 90 Seconds (VIDEO). Hats off to organic and natural meats company Applegate for pulling together this sweet video featuring 20 different regional hot dog styles in a short, 90-second video. You may want to watch it a few times -- blink and you might miss a few.
Chinese Foods to Try in Hong Kong. I'm not quite brave enough to try the scads of restaurants and stands located in the maze of Hong Kong's alleys, so decided
Recipe Of The Day. A typical French dessert. (And we all know we can trust the French when it comes to sweets.)
A Review. S.Y. Kitchen is a diamond in the rough.
Limoncello. Love at first sip.
Smoked Salmon Recipes. Fatty, salty, smoky -- but GOOD FOR YOU.
The Best Asparagus Recipe. Aged cheddar pairs perfectly with this vegetable.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Mole. This dish may take all day to make, but any dish made with chiles AND chocolate is more than worth it.
The 2013 Manhattan Cocktail Classic Wrap-Up. This was, according to a lot of naysayers, the year the Manhattan Cocktail Classic was going to crash and burn. A mere four years after its inception, it had gotten too big, too corporate, too expensive, too... uncool. In many ways, this turned out to be the best MCC yet.
Thai Quinoa Salad with Fresh Herbs & Lime Vinaigrette. A vibrant and fresh salad for summer.
Steak Cuts Quiz. We know which cuts we like and how to cook them, but what part of the animal are they?
We Hate Canned Olives This Much (PHOTOS). Once you learn how they got this way, you'll never settle for one again.
Recipe Of The Day. Smoked and in an open faced sandwich is the best way to eat this fish.
How to Start a Fire... for Food.. Grilling season is upon us. What kind of charcoal should you use?
How To Make A Crepe Cake. This is the kind of dessert you make for someone REALLY worth it.
White Lily Flour. Depends who you ask, but Southerners will tell you it's White Lily.
A Strawberry Rhubarb Jam to Make Spring Last Forever. Another way to celebrate the happy marriage of strawberry and rhubarb.
Vintage Recipes. In a cookbook geared toward men, this seems like an odd choice.
Benton's Country Hams. Allan Benton didn't set out to make the world's best bacons and hams, but he may have anyway.
Grandma's Bran Muffins. Goodbye cardboard!
Why Reinvent the Skewer?. Sometimes there's just no need to re-invent something that's worked just fine for centuries.
Gold Chocolate Bacon Review. The bacon itself didn't taste like it had any artificial smoke flavor added, and while cold, its texture was wonderfully
Lasagna-Bun Burger From PYT Restaurant Puts The Double Down To Shame (PHOTO). We're actually okay with this monstrosity.
The Best Barbecue Dish. Tough decisions need to be made.
A Better Shade of Kale. When fashion and food collide it's usually bad news for food.
'Talking Food' Instagram Account Features Funny Food Puns (PHOTOS). Kaling us softly.
Update the Cheese Plate. Artisan, upstart and small batch.
Burger Fails To Avoid This Grilling Season (PHOTOS). Take a deep breath, enjoy your burger and step away from the turkey bacon.
The 10 Most Misleading Food Health Claims. Don't fall for these!
The Hangover Part One. My head was fuzzy and my palms were hot. I slept but was wiped out. I didn't want to get out of bed. What had I done that put me in this condition?
Gorgeous Recipes That Save Canned Tuna's Reputation. Why you should give this pantry staple another try.
Italian Sausage Recipes (PHOTOS). This flavorful meat -- sometimes sweet and sometimes spicy -- doesn't require much to make a satisfying meal.
Takeout at Home. If there's one dish guaranteed to be on every Indian restaurant menu, it's chicken tikka masala, which is composed of grilled
Fresh Fish Tips. Buying fresh fish can be a daunting endeavor. But it doesn't have to be.
How to Deal With a Lost Restaurant Reservation. See more
Grill Season. Here's an easy three-point checklist from our Test Kitchen to make sure your first summer lunch is well done (meaning medium
Learn about the Oldest Pinot Noir Vines in Willamette Valley (VIDEO). Dundee, Oregon. David Lett may not have single-handedly put Oregon wine on the world map when he began planting the first
FarmTina. \By growing my food and interacting with it from start to finish, I hope I can learn some things about the world that I've missed by living my whole life in cities. This private concrete space is my ticket to understanding the entire living world!\
Drinking Wine for a Good Cause. Three wines that are giving back to the community.
The Only Hamburger Recipe You'll Ever Need. Today is Memorial Day and if you're like most Americans, your celebration will culminate at the grill over a sizzling hamburger. Here's a recipe for the Inside-Out Burger
We Tasted It. Coffee Bean's mid-life crisis.
Local Farming Void? Military Veterans Are Answer. Recently returned from protecting U.S. interests overseas and having traded in their fatigues for overalls, hundreds of veterans returning from Afghanistan and Iraq are now committed to growing organic produce and selling it to local communities from Seattle to Florida.
Gin And Tonic Taste Test. Does expensive gin make the best drink? We found out.
Ice Cream Recipes That Are Seriously Worth The Effort. With flavors like toasted marshmallow and mint julep, how could you not?
Cupcakes Made Entirely Of Frosting. This dessert gets right to the point.
It's Memorial Day! Strike up the Band!. A winning medley of All-American favorites
Roadfood.com. Roadfood.com has led us to some of the greatest road trip meals of our lives.
Slow Down And Make Custard Ice Cream. It's extra rich, in a good way.
Recipe Of The Day. Mushroom ragu makes these spuds taste all grown up.
Summer Side Dishes. We wait all year for summer vegetables, and once they're here, we want to eat them all.
What You Need To Make a Bangin' Summer Salad. Creative salads give are great for using up produce from the farmers' market without adding too much heat to the kitchen.
The Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipes That'll Get You Through Every Life Event. Because just one wouldn't be enough.
Pizza Compass App. Because of course there's an iPhone app for that.
Recipe Of The Day. Bringing Mediterranean flavors into your home.
Kazuki Yamamoto's 3D Coffee Art Is Intricate And Beautiful (PHOTOS). Coffee art goes 3D.
Togo Burger By Seulbi Kim Rethinks Fast Food Packaging (PHOTO). One look at a creation by Seulbi Kim, a student of industrial design at Rhode Island School of Design, and we're smacking our heads thinking, \Why didn't we think of that?\
Ice Cream Sandwich Recipes (PHOTOS). 21 recipes you need to try.
Happiness Is Homemade Ice Cream Sandwiches. What could be more perfect for a summer BBQ?
Where There's Dirt, There's Life. People want to connect with food again and care about making food for themselves and the people they love.
Top 5 Tastes. Summer in New York
7 Dishes Everyone Should Know How to Grill. Seven dishes that should be in every cook's summer repertoire.
Cooking Shortcuts You Shouldn't Take. Even if you're short on time, don't skip these six steps. They can make all the difference.
Bee Pollen and Bit Man Invent Cooking. The scene
Down on the Wine Farm. So the next time you raise a glass of something very aromatic, very elegant and very expensive, remember to toast the folks driving the tractors. Toast their colleagues who dig dirt and shovel dung. All of that, plus sweat and passion, ended up in your glass.
'Iron Chef America' Debuts Frozen Meals That Iron Chefs Would Never Serve. Um, or you could just you know, cook.
Chef Chris Cosentino's Butcher Briefs, Meat Socks, Chef Jeans Could Be A Reality (PHOTOS). We're not sure these need to exist.
Moving Chocolate Sculpture Illusion Is Mesmerizing (VIDEO). Prepare for your minds to be blown! A YouTube video posted to Reddit shows a swirling chocolate sculpture that, under blinking lights, appears to come alive.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the easiest dish you can make for dinner.
Flavor Bombs. No MSG allowed.
Ice Cream Bread Recipe Is Blowing Our Minds (PHOTOS). Ice Cream + Flour = Bread??
Watermelon Flavored Crimes Against The Real Thing (PHOTOS). We're beginning to wonder if we've forgotten what the real thing tastes like.
Peddler's Creamery. Who's ready to start peddling?
Chefs' Guide to San Francisco. James Beard Award-winning chefs Stuart Brioza and Nicole Krasinski of State Bird Provisions share their favorites.
On-Ice Beer Dispenser Keeps Your Drinks Cold Without Dilution (PHOTO). Today, we are sure of one thing
Is Your Child the Next Great Chef?. Children want to mimic adults. They notice when you choose to prepare fresh vegetables over calling in another pizza pie for dinner. They will see that food made with love and care outweighs going through the drive-through window.
Graeter's Ice Cream. Ohio, why is your ice cream so much better than everyone else's?
Seasonal Strawberry Yogurt Scones Recipe. A tasty and lighter alternative to the classic, buttery scone.
Wow-'Em Ways To Decorate Cupcakes. The only thing better than a cleverly spruced-up cupcake is one that\u2019s clever and easy. Read more on Real Simple
Choose Your Own Adventure. A no-bake granola that won't tie you down. Perfect for picnics, hikes and outdoor walks this summer.
The Secret To Perfectly Cooked Vegetables. A simple do-ahead method for delicious veggies every time. Read more on Real Simple
Can You Crack These Egg Facts?. Is there anything more recognizable across the globe than a single chicken egg? The ovoid protein is a fixture during every
The Buzz About Caledonia Spirits & Winery. Located nearby the 10,000 square foot distillery on the banks of the Lamoille River, visitors may notice several beehives. Unsurprisingly, Hardie, who has been keeping bees for nearly five decades, enjoys being around bees.
I Love New York With Chef Daniel Humm of Eleven Madison Park. Eleven Madison Park's new cookbook I Love New York highlights the best of what local food producers offer at their restaurant.
Passion Fruit Truffle Cake. A chocoholic's dream.
Salmon or Gold?. Fisherman Christopher Nicolson is gearing up for salmon season. Each summer he makes the long trek to Alaska with his family
Green Smoothie. This healthy green smoothie is one of my favorites drink now.
The Great Grilling Debate. Are you a sworn charcoal aficionado? Or is gas is the only way?
New Athenos Feta Commercials Feature Yiayia, Goat-Milking (VIDEO). Athenos Feta's newest ad campaign is cracking us up.
Homemade Fried Oreos Are Sinfully Delicious. Easier than they look, and you don't even need a deep-fryer.
Buying A Smoker. The best smokers to buy this summer.
Artichoke Risotto With Lemon-Herb Pesto. This creamy risotto is nothing short of a flavor bomb!
A Moveable Feast in Jordan. An odd local food dynamic is changing in Jordan.
Recipe Of The Day. A step up from your everyday hamburger.
The Recipes That'll Finally Make You Love Grilled Chicken. You won't miss the burgers for a second.
Sandwich Monsters, By Kasia Haupt, Are Almost Too Cute To Eat (PHOTOS). Don't worry, these monsters are friendly.
Cinnamon Banana Green Smoothie Recipe. Perfect for a green smoothie beginner or for anyone looking to add some more green into their diet.
Magnolia Bakery's Strawberry Rhubarb Pie Recipe (EXCLUSIVE). Save yourself the trip to New York, guys.
Paula Deen Museum In The Works, Would Transform Star's Childhood Home In Albany, Ga.. Paula Deen's childhood home in Albany, Ga. may be transformed into a museum if a local businesswoman -- and Deen's ex-husband -- get their way.
Hottest Restaurants in the U.S.. Want to know the hottest restaurants around?
New Greek Cuisine Is Here to Stay. Greek food can be many things
Cannes 2013. Cannes is as much about food and gifts as it is about films.
The Other 47 (States of Wine). American Wine is a comprehensive overview of wine grape growing and winemaking across the country, featuring wines from every state and nook and cranny across America.
In Celebration of Burger Month. Hello National Burger Month!
Recipe Of The Day. It's the perfect combination of ice cream and espresso.
Slush Maker By Zoku Makes Instant Shakes And Slushies Reality (PHOTO). We're thinking, dare we say it, BEER slushes.
GoogaMooga Sneak Peek. The ultimate egg sandwich.
Accidental Locavore. Making butter is pretty easy. You just abuse heavy cream long enough and it starts to separate into butter and buttermilk.
Block Party Punch. Throw an old fashioned block party with this classic punch.
GoogaMooga Sneak Peek. Quite possibly the perfect fried chicken sandwich.
Instant Japanese Candy GIF Is Totally Freaking Us Out (VIDEO). What is this candy sorcery??
Russian Wafer Cake or Oblatne. This cake is no-bake, a great advantage during warm months.
Rhubarb Gelato. Dig your spoon into this lighter rhubarb gelato.
10 Classic Desserts for Any Season. 10 classic desserts that are as timeless as they are delicious.
11 Year Old Kid Chef Revamps Meatloaf. Sauce
GoogaMooga Sneak Peek. Melt-in-your mouth, thick cut bacon on a stick
You're Putting That Tea Where??. Muffins for Tea Time. Tea Muffins for Anytime. Muffins for Tea Time. Tea Muffins for Anytime. from all things delicious on
'Paula Deen's' Butter Pics On 'Draw Something 2' (PHOTOS). Buckle up, y'all. This is a whole lot of butter.
The Secrets of Vegetable Stock. Stop buying stock in a box! Here's the fastest way to build the most flavorful vegetable stock.
Recipe Of The Day. You'll want to eat these all summer long.
One-Gallon Flask By Maxam Just Seems Excessive (PHOTO). Imagine the delight and embarrassment on the face of your friend when you present this to them.
Frittata Recipes (PHOTOS). Eating eggs in the morning just got easier.
Beer Cocktails for American Craft Beer Week. Need a reason to crack a cold one? American Craft Beer Week continues through Sunday.
Food Words We Hate. Or moist. Or yummy.
The Best Summer Beers. How to drink when the weather heats up.
Where Can You Find Some of the Best Cheese in the World? The Cheese Store of Beverly Hills. The Cheese Store of Beverly Hills has one of the finest selections of imported cheese.
Adam Moskowitz Is One the Best Cheesemongers in the World. Adam Moskowitz is the guy to talk to about cheese. He's all over the map expanding his luminary domain, from European imports to America's fastest growing farmstead-cheese industry.
How to Make Any Meatballs in 5 Steps. You don't need a recipe to make amazing meatballs.
The Best Cheese Stores in the World. Did you say cheese? We're not talking Velveeta.
Cooking Off the Cuff. I'm always a little surprised when I see people discarding the greens from the beets they buy at the market.
Food Bloggers. You'll want to check out these top 10.
How To Make Bechamel Sauce. We can already see you tensing up. French food makes you nervous. Don't freak out.
Onion Crunch. We know it's a little early to be thinking about green bean casserole, but Onion Crunch started it.
Q & A With Stuart Brioza and Nicole Krasinski of the JBF Award-Winning State Bird Provisions. Stuart and Nicole of State Bird Provisions about their follow-up project, the versatility of pancakes and where they eat on their days off.
Recipe Of The Day. Crisp and tropical, you can't go wrong with this dish.
Dutch Baby Recipes (PHOTOS). This is one breakfast you'll never forget.
Back to the Grind. Ground meat dish that make us think of home.
GoogaMooga Sneak Peeks. \When it comes to Filipino food, everything's gotta be BIG.\
Biscuits Are Trending. Move over cupcakes.
It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! Let's Celebrate!. Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day!
Oscar Mayer's 'Bacon Dogs' Aren't What You Might Expect (PHOTO). But don't get too excited just yet, carnivores. Oscar Mayer's \Bacon Dogs\ may not be what you expect when you hear that
Thinking Outside the Box. Unemployment was the best thing that ever happened to me. After being sad for a couple weeks, I realized I could use that time to work on all those crazy inventions I have been dreaming up for all these years.
The Fried Chicken Recipes You Want And Need. Each of them with their own secret technique.
10 Things to Do With a Can of Tomatoes. With a can of tomatoes -- or a stack of them -- the pantry can be a place of exploration.
Is Better Butter Better? My Top 4 Butters. We all know butter makes everything better. Here are my top 4 butters.
Free H\u00e4agen-Dazs Ice Cream. The first day of spring may be behind us, but before the sweltering heat of summer sets in, H\u00e4agen-Dazs is offering free
The Best Food Magazines. Which title will win your hearts, HuffPost Taste readers?
Whiskey Cocktail Recipes, From Classic To Experimental (PHOTOS). We never needed more ways to enjoy rye and bourbon, but we found some.
Top 5 Tastes. This week, it was all about the experience.  My tastes this week took on a performative air as I braved the wait at Ippudo, submerged gelato in hot espresso and drank expertly crafted coffee in the company of strangers in the rain.
WARNING. Jamon, squid ink, anchovies, chorizo, wine, cheese... Spain is really one of the great culinary countries of the world.
10 Cocktails Containing Meat. These vegan-repellers bring a whole new meaning to the term \Bloody Mary.\
So Apparently, We've Been Cooking Corn Wrong Our Entire Lives. Cooking a fresh ear of corn on the cob can be cumbersome... if you don't know what you're doing.
Common Salad Mistakes. Whatever you do, take it easy with the dressing.
Marshmallow Fluff Recipes (PHOTOS). Besides eating it with a spoon.
Offal Recipes. Yes, there actually ways to make livers, kidneys, etc. incredibly delicious.
Trader Joe's Seafood Promise to Greenpeace Still Murky. Although Trader Joe's is moving in the right direction, I can't go there today and pick up fish fillets for dinner without worrying about whether I am contributing to the degradation of the ocean.
The Honey Badger BBQ Sauce Ain't No Joke. Beware, this one is fiery.
The Silliest Cooking Questions On The Internet (PHOTOS). Guys, you're kidding right? RIGHT?
McDonald's Talks Quarter Pounders, Angus and Bacon. New burgers on the menu.
'Hamburger Cheeseburger Hot Dog' Art Show Features Illustrated Odes To Backyard Grilling (PHOTOS). What better way to express your love for outdoor grilling than through artistic representation? The folks behind Super Precious
Chef's Guide to Rome. Just because you are a tourist in the Eternal City, doesn't mean you need to act like one.
Vegetable Chow Mein. A fried noodles recipe that's perfect for a quick meal.
Drinks With Dinner. Wine, beer and liquor has been making a cool comeback in everything from chocolate to full-on meals at some of the hottest restaurants in the country.
Damper and Dip. Would you try Kangaroo meat?
Defining Yourself. This week is National Stuttering Awareness Week, and I'd like to share with you one chef's personal story
Slow Food 2.0. Eating slowly makes dining into a spiritual and philosophical matter; each bite is like saying grace
Summer of Smoke. Many people think that barbecue is as American as apple pie, but it is widely believed that the term is a derivative of the Spanish word, Barboca, which the Spanish used to describe the method of meat preservation they saw in the Caribbean.
Savoring the Principles of Craft Beer and Food Pairings. Wine isn't the only beverage advancing the food arts world.
Study Shows 57% of Americans Consider Eating Out a 'Special Occasion' [INFOGRAPHIC]. Study shows 57 percent of Americans consider eating out a 'special occasion.' [INFOGRAPHIC]
America's Best Happy Hours. These fantastic restaurant specials include terrific finger foods, pristine oysters and craft cocktails for less.
Toasting Gatsby With Six Prohibition-Era Cocktails. Want to drink like Gatsby? Look toward these six classic cocktails.
Spring's Savor. A meal full of health, freshness and greenness.
Souffl\u00e9 Omelet With Robiola and Saut\u00e9ed Ramps. This omelet is incredibly festive and is perfect for brunch.
Blue Sky Soda's Cherry Vanilla Creme Is A Blast From Our Past. 'But mom, that soda is natural.'
Taco Bell Waffle Taco Spotted in Southern Californa. It features a sausage and scrambled egg folded into a waffle. Count us in.
I Tried Gwyneth Paltrow's Diet. \This is a diet written by a woman who almost convinced me to buy really expensive towels from Turkey because they were more absorbent.\
Burgers in 2013. The burger has become the perfect canvas for culinary creativity. Here are some of the top burger trends this year.
The Great Gatsby!. The Great Gatsby
Tomato Sauce in Less Than an Hour. Once you taste this, you won't go back.
Vegan Dinner Party Recipes. Cooking a whole meal without animal products can sometimes strike fear in our hearts.
Deep into Santa Cruz Mountains Wine Country at Fernwood Cellars. Talk about off the beaten path. This has to be one of the most scenic drives to a winery I've ever been on.
100 Restaurants Worth a Pilgrimage. The best chefs are dying to eat at these spots.
Sherbet Recipes (PHOTOS). Pineapple with ginger being one of them.
Strata Recipes (PHOTOS). You'll never want to eat another quiche or frittata again.
Recipe Of The Day. Considering how easy they are to make, you have no excuse not to keep them stocked at all times.
Guy Fieri's New Cookbook. We're hoping the celebrity chef won't drive the flavor bus to Bittertown.
Nordic Food Lab's 'Pestival' Dishes Feature Beautiful Platings Of Edible Insects (PHOTOS). Bugs for dinner!
The New American Revolution. If it's true that we are what we eat, does the same apply to nations? In other words, if a nation's dietary habits start changing, does that tell us something about the nation itself?
7 Things You Need to Do Right Now to Get Ready for Barbecue Season. Seven things you need to do right now to get your grill working at peak performance.
Espresso Chart Breaks Down Ingredient Ratios For 23 Drinks (PHOTO). Take a look at the espresso chart below, or click here for a larger version. Do the options at your local coffee shop have
Q & A With JBF Award Winner Danny Bowien. Danny Bowien tells us about his recent trip to Paris and reveals a surprising favorite movie pick.
'Arrested Development' Food Party. Have a love affair with an ice cream sandwich, all over again.
Grilled Marinated Eggplant With Mint. It's perfect for a party because you can make it in advance. You can cut it into bits and make a nice little appetizer with it, or you can just serve it as a cold side dish.
Coffee Is Love. Coffee is a real labor of love. You have to create your own ritual for drinking it.
Candied Bacon Recipe. If you've ever eaten it, you know that it tastes like a magic trick.
Recipe Of The Day. So much better when homemade.
Mother's Day Brunch Recipes (PHOTOS). With recipes like Nutella-stuffed French toast, you can't go wrong.
Embarrassing Cocktail Names. We're all adults here, but there are things even we don't want to say out loud.
Alex Raij's Croissants a la Plancha. You didn't think croissants could get better, did you? They can.
America's 10 Best Hot Dogs. There's a science, if not an art form, behind constructing the perfect hot-dog-eating experience.
Santa Maria Valley. With the new developments at these three Santa Maria producers, I expect the appellation's profile will soon be rising.
10 Baking Projects for Mother's Day. There's nothing like savoring a day's work together.
America's Best Cured Meats. Food & Wine names America's great producers and purveyors of cured meats.
Poutine Soda Taste Test Reveals That Jones Soda Co. Drink Might Be The Grossest Thing Ever. Don't try this at home.
Smoothie Mistakes You're Making. These common mistakes could turn your tasty meal into a total drag. Here's how to avoid them.
The Ultimate Caesar Salad. Nailing this misunderstood classic (no, we don't want grilled chicken) is all about restraint and, yes, anchovies.
Lay's Cheesy Garlic Bread Potato Chips Wins 'Do Us A Flavor' Contest. Great flavor idea, but not the best execution.
Pineapple Recipes That Feel Like A Trip To The Tropics. We've got you covered with everything from salsas to cakes.
Sausage Recipes. There's nothing easier (and more satisfying) that just throwing a couple of links on the grill and calling it a meal.
H\u00e4agen-Dazs Gelato Taste Test Leaves Us Unsatisfied. So Italian culture equals... arguing? Plus, there are gelaterias on every corner in Italy. What self-respecting Italian is
Kitchen Fails. We aren't always rockstars in the kitchen
How Food Tank's Danielle Nierenberg Wants to Save the World. Follow Danielle Nierenberg, and you will end up in interesting places.
Come Drink With Me. The greatest singer of the 20th century deserves a great whiskey.
Dinner Tonight. In this quick and easy recipe jumbo shrimp are quickly bathed in a brine flavored with salt, sugar and chili powder, and saut\u00e9ed with fresh ginger and garlic.
20 Ways To Make Better Hummus. It's the greatest culinary gift from the Middle East.
Birthday Cake Recipes (PHOTOS). This is the one day of the year where you just don't have a choice -- you had better eat a slice.
Joey Fatone's Family Recipe Horror Story (VIDEO). Hint
Why Aren't There More Chinese Restaurant Chains?. With 41,000 Chinese restaurants in the U.S., why aren't there more national chains dishing out sit-down Chinese food?
I'll Eat You First. \Is it healthy?\ No matter how often the Foodcommander, in his capacity as a chef for private dinner parties, finds himself confronted with this question, he will always be unable to conceal a frown; at the very least, he will slightly raise one cocked eyebrow.
F\u00e4viken. Chef Magnus Nilsson, of F\u00e4viken - arguably the most isolated, serious restaurant on the planet -takes hyper-localism to an almost absurd level. What he doesn't forage, he grows in a lantern-lit root cellar and his own vegetable garden.
Homemade Thin Mints Recipe Is Cool, Chocolately Goodness. Already burn through your stash of Thin Mints? Fear not!
Family Recipes. This kind-of-vichyssoise-but-not-really was the result of my mother's legendary foresight.
Recipe. If you are looking for a twist on your mac and cheese, cook this!
10 Recipes to Celebrate Cinco de Mayo. Whether you're hosting a Cinco de Mayo fiesta or celebrating the unofficial start of summer entertaining, these easy recipes have you covered.
Two Chips. Disclaimer
A Lime Cut Three Ways. Caipirinhas may require a little sweat, but they're well worth the effort.
Modern Farmer. A shiny way to keep up-to-date with food issues.
Margarita Recipes For Any Time You Feel Like One. This potent, citrusy cocktail is one of our favorites under the sun.
On Why We Cook. Sung Park, chef and owner of Bistro Petit in Brooklyn, is breaking taboos with his bold-flavored Korean French cuisine.
Bacon Houses. Some of the greatest discoveries were born of mistakes -- penicillin, the Slinky, and even chocolate chip cookies. Well, we've
Recipe Of The Day. Topped with red onions caramelized in honey and balasmic.
White Balsamic Grilled Vidalia Onions. Summer is almost here... which means it's Vidalia onion season.
Homecoming Meals. Fried chicken tips from this ultra-competitive comfort food expert.
Foodies Can Drink in the Stanley Hotel Film Fest. While it's dedicated to horror cinema, the Stanley Film Festival is promising to ply its guests with provisions worthy of the legendary Estes Park estate.
THUG KITCHEN. Thug Kitchen's Roasted Strawberry Salad
Imbibe-Inspired Cinco de Mayo Eats and Drinks. Sunday is Cinco de Mayo! Planning your own fiesta? Check out these Imbibe-inspired eats and drinks. And for more of the best
How To Eat Your Way Through Cinco De Mayo. Guacamole Salsa
The Most Insane Bloody Mary We've Ever Seen Comes From O'Davey's Irish Pub & Restaurant In Wisconsin. Gadzooks! We've seen crazy Bloody Marys before -- more than a few, actually -- but it seems that every time we discover another
Meet the Top Chef Who Calls moto Home. Meet Richard Farina, Chef de Cuisine at moto. Learn about what makes him tick and how he turned his passion into a successful career.
The Must-Do List -- Salty Peanut Brown Butter Cookies. Two crispy cookies with a creamy peanut butter center. The sweet duels with the savory, but in the end, sweetness wins out.
The Most Creative Tacos In The U.S. -- Part 1. Some of the most popular and unique tacos in the United States.
21 Kinds Of Offal, Ranked By How Gross They Look (PHOTOS). 6. Tripe
How To Cook Oatmeal On Your Stovetop (Rolled And Steel-Cut). When you think of oatmeal, don't think of a paper packet of dehydrated sawdust.
5 Modern Juleps for Derby Day. It's off to the races come Kentucky Derby day on Saturday, and for us, that means one thing
Bologna Cake. And it just might be awesome.
Hidden Meanings Of Popular Food Phrases By Eat24. Do you know why we say \bring home the bacon?\
So Apparently, We've Been Eating Apples All Wrong [VIDEO]. Dude, you're eating that apple all wrong.
Beer Facts And How It Saved The World (INFOGRAPHIC). And other brewing trivia.
Recipe Of The Day. This bowl's perfect for spring time.
Ranch It. It's not just for crudite.
Blue Ice Vodka's Certification As 'Gluten Free' Revives Debate Over Distilled Spirits, Celiac Disease. Thompson said that spirits were firmly established as safe for those with celiac disease to drink in 1988, when Canadian
Food Informants. 7:11am TAD
Cooking Off the Cuff. Duck with olives is a classic, and of course, sweetness is common in sauces for duck, so long as it is balanced by acidity. So why not sweetened olives?
Tired of Tequila? Try These Delicious New Spirits For Cinco De Mayo Instead. Want something other than tequila this Cinco de Mayo? Try a new whisky, rum, vodka, even cacha\u00e7a. \u00a1Saludos, amigos!
Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo celebrates Mexican heritage, pride and all those fabulous cocktails and culinary flavors brought here.
Recipe Of The Day. With spinach, sausage and cheese.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's some of the best we've ever seen.
Cook With Your Kids. Children represent our biggest opportunity for change when it comes to food. They are the most important part of the equation. Pollan urges us to \Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. And cook them.\ Let's add three more words to that slogan -- \with your kids.\
HuffPost Tastemakers. And shows the step-by-step process.
How to Buy A Grill. Amping up our outdoor cooking starts with a good grill.
The Road to Sanity Is Paved With Chili Mac. My favorite food is chili mac. It is anti-pretentious. Inclusive. Easy.
How To Cook Great Burgers, And The Mistakes You Should Avoid. Like all things worth cooking, you have to mess a few up before you hit your stride.
Cooking For Kids With Sweet Paul Magazine (PHOTOS). 'No more PB&J for your finicky eaters... try one of these recipes on for size instead!'
Masterpiece In A Mug. And impress.
Grilled Cheese Sandwich With Garlic Confit and Baby Arugula. Here, the beloved grilled cheese sandwich takes on a gourmet twist. The secret ingredient
9 Derby Day Snacks & Sips. It's almost the Kentucky Derby, which means it's time for your finest wide-brimmed hat and a tall glass of bourbon. Here are some elegant, Southern-inspired snacks and drinks to sustain you.
Heavenly Cottage Cheese. Because of its versatility, cottage cheese offers easy ways to entice kids.
Doughnut Stack Sweatshirt By Beloved Shirts Is Making Us Hungry (PHOTO). We are real suckers for photo-realistic food prints.
14 Pierogi Recipes That Put Other Dumplings To Shame. We think these dough pillows have a fighting chance to be Best Dumpling on Earth.
Irish Brown Bread, Savory or Sweet. Irish Brown Bread, or traditional Irish Soda Bread is a staple of the Irish.
Blossoms Afar - Matcha Almond Cookies. Delicate matcha cookies with the lightness of cherry blossoms.
LOT18 Tasting Room Is The First Wine Club To Get It Right. Lots of bottles are involved.
Royal Rainbow Superfood Quinoa Salad Recipe. This delicious quinoa recipe bursting with superfoods is perfect to make on the weekend and eat throughout the week.
Broccoli Rabe Recipes That Will Make You Love This Bitter Green. This hearty, bitter green is having a little bit of an identity crisis. We love it anyway.
Judging This Year's National Pie Championships. This year I applied to be a judge at the 2013 National Pie Championships in Orlando, Florida.
7 Big-Batch Cocktails for Springtime Imbibing. From sparkling punches to julep-filled pitchers, here are seven recipes ready for your next gathering.
Barbecue Porn, Central Texas-Style (VIDEO). If we were invited, we totally would have joined. Just sayin'. Got the meat sweats? You might after you watch this 87-second
HuffPost Tastemakers. The Italian take on the ice cream cake.
HuffPost Tastemakers. The making of one is downright mesmerizing.
Ridiculous Kitchen Gadgets You Don't Need But Really Want. From grill gadgets and egg molds to cookie cutters and corn kernelers, these gadgets are ridiculous ... and amazing.
Top Tequila Bars in the U.S.. You've probably had a traumatic experience with tequila, but these top-notch tequila bars will help rehabilitate your perception of this delicious spirit.
10 Food Rules Worth Breaking. 10 food rules that you don't have to follow anymore.
What I Would Choose as My Last Meal. Have you ever thought about what you would choose as your last meal?
Chicken Mole. When you take chocolate in a spicy, instead of a sweet, direction, the result is delicious.
Top 10 Wines Under $10. Great wine doesn't have to be expensive. Our top picks that cost $10 or less are perfect for wine lovers on a budget.
Banana Recipes (PHOTOS). This fruit has skills when it comes to dessert.
Club Sandwich Recipes. Are you ready for the PB&J Club??
Recipe Of The Day. With three kinds of greens, olives, peperoncini and Parmigiano-Reggiano, this salad won't let you go hungry.
School Lunch Project. Consider this recipe for chewy oatmeal raisin granola bars your new secret weapon.
Artichokes. It's peak artichoke season from March to May, so don't let this intimidating vegetable scare you away!
The Green Room and Thomas Keller. Last week was the International Association of Culinary Professionals conference in San Francisco. IACP is a culinary networking group started over 30 years ago by some of the world's greatest and most famous cooking teachers.
Pythagoras' Other Theorem. Vegetarianism in itself is inherently complicated. Regardless of the choices you make in your diet, the more the dots are connected between health, compassion and ecology, the more nourishing your diet will become for your mind and your body.
Rajma (Kidney Bean Curry) Enchiladas. A recipe for a Mexican-Indian enchilada
'World's 50 Best' Restaurants 2013. Book your plane tickets for Girona, Spain.
New Foods to Try for Cinco de Mayo. With family and friends, we're coming together to cook and enjoy healthy, real foods -- familiar favorites like strawberries and mangoes along with a few new foods like jicama and tomatillos. Ready to join us? Here are a few easy recipes for hosting your own New Food Fiesta this Cinco de Mayo.
Your Gravy Is My Sauce. My Grandmother made Sunday sauce with an assortment of meats
Good Enough? Portuguese Chicken Curry Recipe. For curry lovers, this could be a good starting point.
A Lesson in Cake Decorating and Recipe for Almond Paste Cake. Who knew that cake decorating was so hard? After an afternoon award-winning cake decorator and author Toba Garrett, here are a few pointers.
Recipe Of The Day. Loaded with cheddar cheese and cardamom.
Lemon Juice Taste Test. Could our tasters correctly identify which cup contained freshly-squeezed lemon juice?
Fish Tacos Recipe With Broccoli Slaw and Lime Cream Sauce. My gluten-free take on fish taco
Spiced Sesame Green Beans Recipe. Spring green beans lend themselves well to the delicious flavors in this sesame vegetable recipe. It's quite light and fresh, yet you get all the spicy, rich flavor.
Cake Fails. Between the baking, stacking and frosting, there's a lot that can go wrong.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Shrimp. Certain ingredients just stress people out.
Patio Punch. The weekend forecast is sunshine and blue skies! It's time to kick back and whip up a batch of tasty Patio Punch.
My Other Half Wine Glass Set. Could this be the next great drinking game?
Exploring Terroir and Balance in Santa Barbara County. Santa Barbara is making some of California's most interesting, compelling and balanced wines.
New Potato Recipes (PHOTOS). The delicate thin-skinned spud.
On Why We Cook, Amie Valpone. What if you loved food, but the odds were against you?
Chef Ryan Scott's Heirloom Tomato Salad (VIDEO). Tomatoes plus melons plus cheese ... you can't really miss with this recipe.
Mix 'N Twist Ice Cream And Toppings Mixer Is Freaking Us Out (VIDEO). Holy cow, guys. Have we got a product for YOU.
14 Times Artificial Banana Ruined Everything. Does anyone actually think these things taste like banana??
Man Breaks Down Watermelon Insanely Fast (VIDEO). Don't try this at home, folks.
Rise Up, Restaurants and Set Fair Prices for Wine by the Glass. Why are restaurants losing by consistently charging $10 (or more) a glass for a bottle that costs $6 (or less) wholesale?
Chopped All-Stars Season Three Has It All. It was great foodie television when on Sunday when I turned on the Food Network for Chopped All-Stars.
Pea Shoot Recipes (PHOTOS). Besides the fact that they taste just like sugar snap peas.
Vanilla Recipes (PHOTOS). It's time to put it in the spotlight.
Eating Seeds. Eating seeds has become very trendy indeed.
3 Kinds of Bacon, Plus Bacon. No matter what kind of bacon you crave, these recipes are for you.
Creature Cups Might Be The Cutest Coffee Mugs We've Ever Seen (PHOTO). We think everyone should have a Creature Cup.
Scrapple. We know what you guys are thinking, but we are not playing a joke on you.
Top 5 Tastes. Looking back on the food I was lucky enough to eat this week, I'm struck by a culinary leitmotif of sorts. Excluding the octopus dish at Dressler, each item was a re-vamped version of a classic; skilled in its distillation of the original concept and masterful in execution.
An Early Spring Lunch. It poaches, it coddles, it fries, it binds, it rises, it aerates.
Carrot Cake With Cardamom, Currants and Ginger-Cr\u00e8me Fra\u00eeche Chantilly. Cardamom, one of my favorite spices, pairing magnificently with the carrots in this cake.
10 Recipes for a Cinco de Mayo Fiesta. Here are some of our favorite Mexican-inspired dishes to help you effortlessly plan your best fiesta yet.
The Obsessive Chef Cutting Board. It's the perfect cheat sheet.
McDonald's Tries Chili-Stuffed Burger in Germany. McDonald's doesn't bill its El Chili con Carne as a stuffed burger, but, like BK, it mixes ingredients into the beef patty
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's the best thing that could happen to pasta.
Coca-Cola Taste Test. \With bottled Coke, there's a plastic-y aftertaste. And there's a weird gas that seems to sit on top of the Coke and releases
Cooking Off the Cuff. Even though romaine is available in the supermarket all year round, treated this way it somehow tasted of spring. And about time, too.
How To Cook Grits. Here's a simple recipe to bookmark, so they come out perfectly every time.
Why Do People Love Eating Dangerous Foods?. The most dangerous foods thrill-seekers can't stay away from.
Angel Food Cake Recipes, Plus Delicious Things To Make With It. It's so much easier than you think.
Recipe Of The Day. So much better when homemade.
Precooked Bacon. We understand it's convenient and quick, but it's still not worth it.
How to Make Easy Pasta Carbonara. Pasta Carbonara is easier than you may think.
Animal Bookends With Meaty Cross Sections (PHOTOS). These cows and pigs are not as innocent as they look.
Creamless Cream of Asparagus Soup. Smooth, mild and gently flavored with lemon and Parmesan, this asparagus soup tastes wonderfully luxurious
Balcones Distillery. We're definitely in the golden age of craft distilleries, but Balcones was carved from a unique set of ideals.
Thinking About Fast Food and Flavor. I'm always bothered that the flavor profiles of fast food in this country seem to hinge on three factors
Solo Red Cup Party Ware. The red cup is now the official party cup.
Runner & Stone. Still coping with the possibility that this might be the best bread we've ever tasted.
Secrets of a Skinny Chef. How do I combat getting my weight out of control? By thinking about balance throughout the day.
Alain Allegretti. The first thing you should know about him? His food. The second? The story about his hand in a deep fryer.
SF Restaurant Sign Calls Yelp 'Bully,' Integrity of Reviews Questioned. As Yelp strives to increase its profitability, the issue of how much influence ad sales have on the integrity of their reviews will continue to be as pressing as ever.
Why I Don't Taste Wine Blindly. People who use criticism to guide their reading or tasting don't need unpolluted appraisals. What they do need is a reliable correlation with their own preferences.
Cookie Fail. 14 reasons to take it easier on yourself after a baking mistake.
The 100 All-Time Best Chocolate Recipes (PHOTOS). We're warning you, this will make you hungry.
A Dozen Menu Items McDonald's Should Import Now. This was McDonald's Corp. CEO Don Thompson's pledge during last week's Q1 earnings call
Hot Sauce Expo. It's been 24 hours since we tried a hot sauce made from the aged mash of Trinidad Moruga Scorpions and Ghost Peppers -- two
Gooey, Sweet And Buttery Butterscotch Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). Outrageously beautiful cakes, cupcakes, fudge recipes, sauces and more.
For Earth Day. Six interesting ways the French (or at least those around the city of Nice) are environmentally friendly.
Sandra Lee Makes Jimmy Fallon The Worst Gin And Tonic We've Ever Seen (VIDEO). The combination of brown ingredients made this drink look like what we can only describe as puddle water.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Served with spring peas!
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's like peanut butter, but way better.
Here's What a Fenway Frank, Dodger Dog and Other Ballpark Dogs Look Like. Four dogs from major stadiums across the country.
HuffPost Tastemakers. An outdoor event of good food and craft beer.
The Cocktail Apotheosis. Our era will be be remembered for human tragedy and bacon fudge, but should also be known as the Cocktail Apotheosis -- in which cocktails are extremely complicated culinary works of art.
Fork to Planet. As we think about Earth day and what that means to each of us, take advantage of these simple and accessible ways to do your part. Your body and your planet will thank you.
These Dinosaur Corn Cob Holders Have Won Our Hearts (PHOTO). Pick your corn up in Jurassic style.
Recipe Of The Day. Vegetables are at their best when baked in bread.
Coffee Maker Cooking. Like breakfast, lunch, dinner AND dessert.
Homemade Almond Joy Candy Bars. A no-bake treat that's ready in 30 minutes
Best Cooking Tips and Recipes for the Munchies. The munchies
Have Fun in the Kitchen. Life is complicated; cooking should be fun.
How To Cook Quinoa. Even if you can't pronounce it, you should know how to cook it.
Spring Saturday Cocktails. Mix up a batch of these tasty libations -- perfect for that Saturday BBQ with friends.
7 Rejoicing Rhubarb Recipes. Rhubarb, the red celery stalk fruit of spring, only gets the spotlight for a few short weeks.
How To Cook Asparagus. When those green spears start popping up at farmers markets, we can't help but stock up.
Bacon Mistakes To Avoid. We have all done the unthinkable and prepared bacon that was less than ethereal.
Cherry Sake Cocktails. This cherry cocktail might be just what we need to think spring,
The Quintessential Guide to Fast Food + Wine Pairings. A perfect Panda Express wine pairing does exist. These are the best wines to pair with your favorite fast food menu items.
The Beauty of Garlic Confit. Garlic confit gives you all the flavor and texture of oven-roasted garlic without the mess.
14 Mint Julep Recipes We Adore. We think this iconic American cocktail deserves attention on the other 364 days of the year.
Biting Into Me. I took another bite, and I swear I felt my grandmother's hands, heard Arkansas grass swaying in the wind, and saw people wearily reaching their shacks after time spent in the fields. I was biting into me. And I tasted good.
Healthy Lunch Ideas. Moms across the country shared their ideas for how to build a better lunchbox on a busy parent's schedule. It turns out there are a few simple food rules to follow.
Recipe Of The Day. Don't forget the whipped cream.
Mozzarella Recipes For Those Who Can Never Have Too Much Cheese (PHOTOS). From fresh buffalo to the part-skim pre-grated kind.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Leave it to the chefs to come up with this kind of stuff.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Cherry donut and miso butterscotch to name a few!
Vodka Zinger. It lets you muddle and strain your fruit into an infused drink, all in one contraption.
Let Them Eat Cake -- The Anti-Fad Diet Manifesto. Anyone who's ever tried to lose even a little weight, or to break any bad habit, for that matter, knows how it goes
The Pedal Pub. Let us get this straight
Best Cooking Apps for Your Smartphone. \There's an app for that.\ Cooking has spread beyond the pages of a cookbook and into our hearts through magazines, television and computers, and now we can even find cooking on our phones.
\King of Chardonnay\ Miljenko Grgich Still Going Strong at 90. Miljenko \Mike\ Grgich of Grgich Hills Estate winery in Napa Valley is walking, living history. He's also quite the charmer, and one of his favorite sayings is, \Good wines and good ladies improve with maturity.\
MasterChef Stars Share Their Recipes. Chef Kontos stepped into the kitchen at the tender age of 8. Raised to enjoy and appreciate local ingredients, she found her passion and began to pursue her calling in the culinary world. The opportunity to test her skills came when she was selected for season two of MasterChef.
Blondes Have More Fun!. Watch out, brownies! There's a new kid in town.
How the French Macaron Stoked My American Pride. They are a treat to behold, almost too pretty to eat.
Skinnygirl Taste Test. How does Bethenny Frankel's booze taste. Um. We've had better. Way better.
Mint Chocolate Recipes, Because You Deserve It. 27 mint chocolate desserts just for you.
Cooking Off the Cuff. This leek-potato-mushroom goulash is delicious in itself but also really comes into its own combined with the fish.
7 Ways to Eat Green and Save Money. In honor of Earth month, how to eat green on budget.
Bedding The Farmer. 'The greenmarkets are like Desperate Housewives meets Northern Exposure.'
What Tony Hawk Eats for Breakfast. \The pinnacle breakfast is a croissant and cappuccino, one sugar.\
5 Best Caffeinated Drinks to Keep Yourself Awake. What would an all-nighter be without fuel -- coffee, tea, soda, or otherwise?
Whiskey, Tea Perfumes By Commodity Will Have You Smelling Like Your Drink. Eau de alcohol is ready for you.
How to Make Any Pur\u00e9ed Vegetable Soup in 5 Steps. When there is no time for grocery runs and no time for recipes, make soup!
Recipe Of The Day. It's time to get creative with your soy.
Animal Cracker Recipes (PHOTOS). No matter how old you get, these cookies never lose their charm.
Metamorphosis - German Chocolate Lamingtons. In its original form, the Lamington, a cake that originates from Australia, consists of individual squares of sponge cake.
Ice Cube Trays. And makes the best ice.
How To Make Coffee. Don't commit these errors, and enjoy a great cup of joe.
Frozen Grilled Cheese Sandwiches From Chef M.J. Brando Are So Strange. We taste tested these sandwiches to find out.
Crabbie's Ginger Beer. We were expecting something a bit sweet without much character. For the record, we were wrong.
Recipe Of The Day. Serve this one with a strawberry and rhubarb compote.
Homemade Waffles Make The Best Eggos. Never resort to the box again.
Licorice Recipes That'll Help You Get Your Fix. It makes the best ice cream, cupcakes and more.
Rachael Ray, Gwyneth Paltrow Cook Gluten-Free, Vegan Muffins (VIDEO). Maybe we're just sad she didn't teach us how to perfectly boil a single farm fresh egg.
Coconut. In Sri Lanka, the coconut is, in a sense, a source of life.
On Why We Cook. What compels us to cook? I come to the kitchen to be fully present in the moment.
Top 5 Tastes. I traveled to an unfamiliar corner of New Jersey, discovered Beecher's underground restaurant, stopped in for the first time at a restaurant I often pass (Saxon & Parole) and ventured to Copenhagen by way of Tribeca.
An Imbiber's Guide to Cocktail-Centric Oyster Bars. The classic oyster bar has been getting a bit of a makeover lately. Cocktail enthusiasts can sip and slurp like never before.
Mighty Mug Is Un-Toppleable -- Unless You Are Kathie Lee (VIDEO). Just please don't use it as a punching bag. Also don't let Kathy Lee near it.
Bacon And Eggs Pillow And Sleep Mask. Nap time has never been this fun.
Beyond Meat's Chicken-less Chicken Strips Aren't Fooling Anyone. On the upside, the strips' flavors aren't altogether unappealing, although the Grilled and Southwest varieties are extraordinarily
America's Best Breweries to Visit. Welcome to Beer Country, USA.
Best American Restaurants List By 'Opinionated About Dining' May Be The Country's Best. Click through below to find out what they are
HuffPost Tastemakers. And we can't wait to get our hands on one.
Making Food and Agriculture Attractive to Youth. Recently, I had the opportunity to speak to an amazing group of 12 to 14 year old adolescents--these kids are Montessori school students who came together to talk about ways to make the food system more just and environmentally sustainable.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's like a work of art.
4 Cocktails for Tax Day. Today is Tax Day, and we think that calls for a drink.
11 Tips & Tricks to Slash Your Grocery Bill in Half. Meals can be expensive whether they're coming from a restaurant or from your kitchen, as food costs have skyrocketed over the past few years. Keep reading for 11 ways to drastically slash your grocery bills.
Tapatio Hot Sauce-Flavored Cheetos And Lay's Potato Chips Make Spicy Debut. Attention fans of Tapatio hot sauce -- Frito-Lay is rolling out a mini-line of snacks flavored with the spicy condiment. Two
Today I feel Like Talking About My Dad. My dad was an amazing man. I can say it, and mean it, but he was actually the kind of amazing man where a lot of other people are saying it, too. And he was an eater.  Boy, did he love food.
Bovinova!. Standing out in a crowd of well-known, fund-raising, BBQ aficionados can be a challenge.  Jeff Bannister likes to stand out in a crowd, which is how he ended up cooking a whole steer.
The Wine Version of a Tupperware Party in Your Own Home. WineShop At Home is a company with a mission to take the intimidation out of learning about wine and the wine buying experience by holding a casual\u00a0tasting\u00a0in the comfort of people's homes.
5 Cocktails for Coachella. A playlist of cocktails inspired by a few of Coachella's headline acts.
Best Infomercial Kitchen Products. We know you probably own one of these. Come on, fess up.
Nashville Hot Chicken Is Addictive, Terrifying And Delicious (VIDEO). The hottest, most addictive thing you'll ever punish your tastebuds with.
T-Bone Steak Notebook By Fred Flare Is Making Us Hungry (PHOTO). These might be the perfect gift for your friendly, neighborhood butcher.
10 Tax Day Specials. Looking for some Tax Day relief? Enjoy a cocktail or two, a sweet treat, or even some sushi at locations across the country this April 15.
Slow Down And Make A Layer Cake. It's so much easier than you think.
KFC's Original Recipe Boneless Chicken Has Us Missing The Bones. Then there's the issue of the bones. Without them, pieces of Original Recipe Boneless seemed less greasy -- but that wasn't
Brooklyn Brewery Mash Stop Motion Video Takes Us On A 1-Minute Food Tour. 3000 photos, one slice of pizza and plenty of craft beer.
Recipe Of The Day. Towering layers of tropical sweetness.
Okra Recipes (PHOTOS). Once you master the cooking of this pod, you'll be hooked for life.
10 Top Cooking Mistakes That Turn Dinner Into Disaster. Here's what not to do in the kitchen.
LUCKYRICE Festival Brings the Asian Cuisine Scene to NYC in May. Kicking off with a Dumpling Party where guests learn to make dumplings as they sip cocktails, the week-long LUCKYRICE Festival returns to NYC.
The Miracle Berry Conspiracy. The FDA stated that miracle berries couldn't be used in any form. That is, until now. As awareness is raised and we continue to educate ourselves about healthy organic products, we can open the door to new food possibilities.
A Shared Cellar. It's a spring Friday night in north central Wisconsin. nd I'm stationed near the checkout line at a busy, annual retail wine sale. The crowd is thirsty. And there's a subplot development to this night which I hadn't anticipated
Butterfinger M&M Monster Cookies Recipe for the Best Cookies You'll Ever Eat. Monster cookies are all sorts of magnificent and usually involve multiple delicious ingredients, like M&Ms and chopped up Butterfinger candy bars.
Enamel Cookware. We've scoured Etsy for these vintage finds and present you our favorites.
Weird Food Taxes. It would take a team of tax lawyers to pick out all of the bizarre and byzantine food taxes in the country, but here are some of the best we've found.
Top 10 Places to Hide Your Snacks. As human beings we like to think we're generous, but if we're really honest with ourselves, most of us have to admit to secretly stashing favorite food treats.
Recipes and Remedies to Tame a Spring Cold. What foods and drinks do you turn to when combating a cold? Here are some time-tested cold remedies and personal picks for health-promoting foods.
Recipe Of The Day. You've never tasted a cheese quite this creamy before.
The End of an Affair. Sometimes we grow apart from our appliances. One thing leads to another, and we have to end things. That's what happened between me and my food processor.
Easy Dessert Recipes In Just 10 Minutes. You never have to skip out on dessert again.
The Vintage Punch Bowls Of Etsy (PHOTOS). We found everything from milk glass to crystal, Depression-era to mid-century in every price range.
The Iconic Sandwiches of the World, From Banh Mi to Zapiekanka. America is a land rich with iconic sandwiches, from the stately muffuletta of New Orleans to the delicate lobster roll of coastal Maine.
Sixth Annual Pebble Beach Food & Wine. What would you choose for a special meal if you knew it was going to be your last? This is a question often debated amongst chefs
Cooking Off the Cuff. This tart eats far better tepid or at room temperature than it would hot from the oven. When it has cooled, the flavors blossom, and those flavors are alluring ones.
Monk's Meats. \Seitan isn't a meat replacement, it's a food stuff in its own right,\ say the seitan specialists behind Monk's Meats, which produces between 100 to 150 pounds of seitan a day.
How to Roast Any Vegetable in 4 Steps. Roasting vegetables is a simple pleasure. Commit these easy steps to memory, and you'll be roasting everything in sight.
Family Recipes. Even if the recipe is not perfect, ground-breaking or even the best, family recipes just rule.
Thai Recipes To Cook At Home (PHOTOS). We love the heavy use of limes, chiles, lemongrass, ginger, mint, cilantro and fish sauce.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Trust us, you want one.
The World's 12 Oddest Vending Machines. The live crab machines in China might be interpreted as animal cruelty to some, but then again, there have been vending machines selling live lobsters in Maine!
Flavored Vodka Companies Continue To Debut New Flavors, But Why?. If a vodka sounds gross, it probably is gross.
10 Chocolate-Loaded Cookies. When we're craving serious cookies -- cookies that make us feel good, that make everything feel right -- we turn to chocolate cookies. Here are 10 of our favorite.
Wine, the Elixir of Nordic Skiers. It's not wise to rely strictly on wine or Resveratrol capsules as the pathway to health. Here's where skiing or other activity comes in; complimentary components of the overall picture.
Goldbely. Like you need another excuse to throw a regional foods party.
Knish Recipes. You won't believe some of the knish fillings we rounded up for you today.
Time to Widen View of U.S. Wine Scene. The U.S. has recently overtaken France and Italy to become the globe's biggest wine market, consuming  more than any other nation.
Dining & Design. Design is key in understanding many aspects of the restaurant industry and the food system at large, from the shape of a fork and the ways kitchens minimize environmental impact, to the visual elements of a dining room and the sustainable organization of food purveyor networks.
Top 50 Bottles. How much hot sauce or mustard does someone need? When is it overkill and when is it simply overwhelming?
Eat Patriotic Fish. How do I know what fish is ok to buy? One simple step we can all take is to buy wild domestic seafood.
Nurtured Children Develop Healthy Brain Cells. What can be more nurturing than to make fun, easy creative meals together with your child? We nurture the relationship and feed their bodies.
Springtime Savories. Spring has sprung in New York, giving way to lighter jackets, unexpected rain showers and the promise of al fresco frolicking.
Cooking Shortcuts. It's the quickest dinner around, but you can make it even quicker.
Accidental Locavore. Fifty million Americans are now receiving food stamps. Please take 30 seconds and tell Congress to support anti-hunger legislation.
The Power of Packaging. Several months ago a prominent restaurant architect returned from a trip to Japan bringing us a small gift of green tea. He said, \I have no idea if this is any good, but I loved the packaging.  I just had to give it to you.\
The Peak-End Rule and Understanding Jam-Packed Bad Restaurants. There's another riff opportunity here, about great chefs at great restaurants that struggle. Maybe they're not focused enough
The Best Food Tumblrs. These blogs will make your infinite scroll a lot more delicious.
Hunger Strike. While war is an obvious condition for food insecurity, what we have now in the U.S. seems unfathomable. For many children, parents and so many others, hunger is an ever-present reality.
6 Ways to Drink Like Don Draper for the Mad Men Premiere. Let's be serious
Iced Coffee Recipe. We're not going to sugar-coat this
Oven-Roasted Carrots With Fennel. It might be chilly outside, but there are already some wonderful signs of delicious and fresh produce from the local farms in the area.  When I saw these gorgeous rainbow carrots, I knew I had to have them at my dinner table.
The Selby's Morel Video Is Making Us Hungry For A Cookout. It's almost enough to make us want to go camping.
School Lunch Project. Do you find yourself throwing away small portions of leftovers because you couldn't figure out what to do with them? I know I used to!
What You Didn't Know About Beer (INFOGRAPHIC). The oldest written recipes are 5,000 years old, and they're for making beer.
Bartender, We're Here for the Science!. Anytime a drink is ordered off the \red hot poker\ section of the menu, there will be flames shooting out of a pint glass. The effect is rather dramatic, but that is not the point.
Snap Pea Recipes That'll Remind You Of Spring's Greatness. They're spring's greatest gift to us.
Easy Pasta Recipes That Can Be Made In 30 Minutes Or Less. It's the solution to the dinner dilemma.
Gotham Greens. Miles and miles of untouched terrain could be turned into something great.
Pasta Primavera. Do you ever get home at night, famished, and wonder how quickly you can get food on the table before everyone starts gorging on crackers or worse?  If \think fast, cook faster\ is your motto, then pasta primavera is your friend.
Everything You Need To Know About White Asparagus, And Recipes For How To Cook It. Why do we love white asparagus? Maybe because it gets along uncommonly well with butter.
Analysis. The new naming convention is a long way from being as easy as it could be.
Recipe Of The Day. Of course the Italians are responsible for this frozen dessert.
Can Angostura's $25,000 Rum Change Perceptions of the Category?. What's Scotch got that rum hasn't got? Rum has been an \on the brink\ spirit for ages, but its breakthrough may finally be nigh.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's slightly more complicated than we suspected.
Recipe Of The Day. We know you think you're tired of soup, but trust us, you want a bowl of this one.
5 Dishes to Make With Your Kids Using Foods From the Farmers Market. Now that it's spring we're starting to see a trickle of fresh, new spring fruits and vegetables at the farmer's market. Here are five meal ideas you can make with your kids.
Recipes That Show You How Watercress Is Supposed To Be Eaten. This delicate, wild green is one that you have to look out for at the farmer's market.
10 Lovely Lemon Recipes. From dinner to drinks to indulgent sweets, here are 10 recipes to celebrate this humble, hard-working fruit.
Topless Beer Cans With '360 Lid' Debuted By Sly Fox Brewing Company. There's something different about a new can from Sly Fox Brewing Company. Where other cans' stay-on-tabs make a small opening
Macarons Are Not Macaroons. We've spent the last few centuries Americanizing countless foreign cookies and creating countless new types of cookie out of the blue.
America's 10 Best Coffee Shops. A guide to the best cup of joe in the nation.
Is The 30-Minute Meal Possible? Find Out With Bon App\u00e9tempt (VIDEO). All these things get done in the magical land called 'Ahead Of Time.'
Benoit Gouez. Recently, I had the opportunity to meet with Benoit Gouez, the charismatic Chef de Cave of Moet & Chandon. Benoit was traveling through the U.S. to speak with Sommeliers and wine buyers -- Champagne lovers throughout the country.
A Meal for All Senses. Tagine, here, is an artform. I've been on this planet for over a quarter of a century and why is it only now that I've come to Morocco?
New Video Cooking Magazine Has Premier Chefs Teaching Recipes. Chefs like Rick Bayless are present. They use all of their senses
Food Informants. Meat, meat and more meat.
The Bompas & Parr Heinz Beanz Flavour Experience, With Musical Spoons (PHOTOS). A multi-sensory bean eating experience. No, seriously.
Morel Mushroom Recipes (PHOTOS). Think of morels like oysters; while they won't win any prizes on appearances, they hold a flavor that cannot be replicated.
The Eggstractor Cannot Possibly Work, As Confirmed By Amazon Reviews (VIDEO). If you've made deviled eggs anytime in the recent past, you know that every egg is different.
A Love Story. What started as a farm story quickly turned into a story about love and dedication amongst the Ceylon tea fields.
Drinking Yogurt Taste Test. Separating the good, the bad, and the gloppy.
Ingrid Hoffmann's Light And Easy Recipes (PHOTOS). Guacamole and beer -- who could ask for more?
Slow Down And Make Croissants. Deciding that you're going to tackle the croissant is no small decision, but it will be the best one you've made in a long time.
Tasting Wine With Tony Terlato. For Tony Terlato, chairman of Terlato Wines International, the\u00a0best way to experience and enjoy wine is when he can share\u00a0his passion of bringing wine to people by telling the stories behind the label.
Recipe Of The Day. The best recipe to segment your way into okra mastery is to fry it southern style.
Dinner In 10. Getting dinner on the table fast doesn't mean you have to forget about health.
DIY Coconut Butter + Coconut Butter Cups. Who knew coconut could turn into something so magical and luxurious?
A Simple Recipe for National Chocolate Mousse Day. Chocolate mousse
11 Kid-Friendly Dinners That Grown-Ups Will Love Too. Feeding a family with picky eaters can be a challenge, but it doesn't mean you have to cook separate meals or subsist on mac n' cheese and chicken tenders. Try these 11 kid-friendly recipes that you'll love too!
Cooking Off the Cuff. Macaroni and cheese is almost never just macaroni and cheese. But with the right cheese you can quickly cut the ingredients list to the two items in the dish's name.
Recipe Of The Day. Despite the simplicity and old-fashioned feel of strawberry shortcake, this is one dessert that we'll never get tired off.
Billionaire Bill Koch Revs Up His Court Battle Against Fake Wines. What no one disputes is that today just about every large wine collection probably contains at least some suspect bottles. And experts differ in their ability to determine what is authentic and what is not.
Chive Recipes (PHOTOS). Chives are often improperly categorized as a frivolous garnish, but there's way more to them than just making dishes look fresh.
Wine Handbags. You can get the Wine Handbag in three different colors -- to match your outfit, of course.
Food Bloggers. Now that spring is in the air, we're getting really excited to see what the food blogging community is up to.
The 5 Best Gluten-Free Flours and What to Do With Them. Here are my favorite five gluten-free flours that I like to keep around the house and some recipe ideas to keep those canisters from getting dusty.
The Future of Chocolate. Unwrap the world of chocolate and things aren't always sweet. The cacao plant's legacy is ancient and complex, while the business surrounding it is bitter, messy and even ruthless. Its future, meanwhile, is both exciting and uncertain.
A Love Letter To The Iceberg Wedge Salad (PHOTOS). The wedge salad, in our eyes, is a nearly perfect food.
Guy Fieri Squeeze Bottles Exist For Some Reason (PHOTO). These seem like a great gift for someone who you think is an absolute mess in the kitchen.
Spring Clean Your Kitchen. Can you remember how long you've had that ketchup or mustard in your fridge? To keep your fridge and pantry fresh, use my easy guide to spring clean your fridge.
8 Yeasted Recipes for a Post-Passover Fix. All week, we've been eating matzoh in all its form. So here are 8 glorious ways to break the bread fast. Eight recipes with our old, honored friend, yeast.
Best New Chefs 2013. Expect big things from these top toques.
10 Game-Changing Snacks. It's entertaining season. You're hosting a March Madness party and need to impress your foodie friends. We get it. Here are 10 recipes to step up your hors d'oeuvre game.
Ballantines Has A Whiskey-Flavored Typeface (PHOTOS). It's taken our breath away, just like a double shot of whiskey would.
MR PORTER. Who among us does not bake in a Valentino dress and Jimmy Choo heels?
Chocolate 'Idiot' Cake Is the Easiest Recipe You'll Find for Easter & Passover. When you're in the mood for a rich, decadent, silky, supremely out-of-this world chocolate cake, this recipe is your ticket.
Top 5 Tastes. After a a four day (pseudo) vegan regimen, I was ready to re-enter the New York food realm and did so with some standouts and some staples. Here, my top five tastes for the week.
Recipe Of The Day. It's best when breaded with almond and parmesan and quickly fried to golden perfection.
Breakfast Recipes Made In Just 15 Minutes (PHOTOS). Like 15 minutes fast.
10 Messy Napkin-worthy Meals (SLIDESHOW). Napkins
HuffPost Tastemakers. Let us just say, we have been officially wowed.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We don't know how he always manages to get things just right, but these loaves were simply stunning.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Chef Art Smith knows what we want to hear.
Food for Thought. Did you know the banana is also a tool for human rights victories and community sustainability?
Hot Spring Recipe Trends For April, 2013 (PHOTOS). Host a spring cocktail party that will wake us all up from the winter doldrums.
Savino, a Product That Aims to Keep You From Never Discarding a Half-full Bottle of Wine Again. Savino appears to have solved the Dionysus-old problem of how to keep your wine around longer without re-corking your bottle, placing your wine glass in the refrigerator, or the unthinkable of pouring the contents down the drain.
Low-Stress Easter Brunch. These are three of my favorite Easter recipes that incorporate tradition, but also bring a modern, sophisticated flair.
Easter Basket cupcakes. This year I wanted to make a treat that evoked all of that nostalgia while being quite a bit healthier. These tasty cupcakes look like little Easter baskets and taste of sweet coconut.
Crunch Pillows Look Good Enough To Eat (PHOTOS). All of them in cookie form.
Easter, Argentinean Style. Sweet, eggy Easter bread isn't necessarily a tradition unique to Italian or Argentinean households.  Still, here's ours
School Lunch Project. Assuming you have lots of school lunch ideas already, here are 10 easy swaps for healthier lunches and snacks. When in doubt, go back to basics and use fresh ingredients.
Game of Thrones Premier. Host a Game of Thrones banquet with our recipes and entertaining tips.
5 Egg Cocktails for Easter. This Easter, we're taking our egg hunt to the cocktail glass.
Enjoying the Sweeter Side of Life. Baking with sugar substitutes is a contentious topic. How do they work? What kind of results will you get?  Does cheating really pay off when it comes to baking?
Thai Iced Tea Recipe Video By Tastemade Is Making Us Thirsty. This sweet, milky, somehow bright orange concoction is a favorite of ours.
The Gaza Kitchen Authors Talk to Israeli Chef Yotam Ottolenghi. Defined by conflict, densely packed with refugees, and sealed from the outside world by the Israeli military, the Gaza Strip is not your typical culinary hot spot.
Savory Sausage and Cheddar Bread Pudding. This bread pudding, brimming with sweet pork sausage and sharp cheddar, is deeply flavored with a crisp, golden crust and tender, creamy interior.
Rolognese Spaghetti Fork Is Adorable, But Also Ridiculous (PHOTO). Kids, you don't have to make a mess of yourself anymore (unless you want to, of course).
Big Red Soda. It's really sweet, and has one of the strangest marketing campaigns we've ever seen.
Bunny Bait! Or More Boringly Known as Sweet & Salty Holiday Popcorn. Bunny Bait is the Easter version of this sweet and salty holiday popcorn treat. This stuff is addictive. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Bang for Your Buck. Some of the country's best-known, and most expensive, restaurants offer little-known menus featuring incredibly inexpensive food and drink specials. You just need to know where to go and when to go.
Recipe Of The Day. Extra crispy and topped with an herb remoulade.
How To Make Cadbury Creme Eggs. When homemade, they're even better than the real thing.
The Super-Fresh Guide to Storing Chocolate. Here is all you need to know to give that next artisanal chocolate bar or tasty box of bonbons the love and attention they deserve, so you can enjoy every last bite.
The Best Way To Boil An Egg. How to avoid rubbery whites, chalky yolks, sulfuric smells.
The TapIt Cap Kickstarter Turns Your Beer Growler Into A Keg (VIDEO). The growler is a perfect way to transport that draft beer taste from tap to home.
Doughnut Plant Video. No one, and we mean no one, is better at doughnuts than the Doughnut Plant.
Cadbury Creme Eggs. How they're made, and the most popular methods to eat them.
Chocolate Chip Macaroon Cookies!. These cookies are really delicious if you like coconut, and really fun because the texture is unlike anything else.
10 Essential Kitchen Gadgets That Even Lazy Cooks Will Love. Even if you're lazy, these tools can help.
East-Over Up North. Passover is rooted in communities and families coming together to celebrate ancient traditions and timeless memories, and creating new ones. There is so much happens around the table. In a few days, the Easter feast will be presented in a similar fashion.
Bundt Cake Recipes No One Should Live Without. 30 recipes that will convince of the bundt cake's beauty.
Sarabeth's Pushing 70 With No Signs of Letting Up. The woman behind the $40 million Sarabeth's empire is taking on new challenges weeks ahead of her 70th Birthday, at a time when many of her contemporaries are kicking back.
Go, Frankenfish! Why We Need GM Salmon.. Genetic modification raises hard questions that need thorough answers.  But, given finite resources to feed a growing population, wouldn't it be great if science could help us grow more nutritious foods with less time, effort, land and money?  I'm a farmer, and I say yes.
Sober Shot. The Sober Shot is a 1/2-ounce drink that claims to, well, sober you up.
Sriracha Peanut Butter Sandwich With Granny Smith Apples (PHOTO). It seemed crazy at first, but this flavor combination totally makes sense.
Recipe Of The Day. It might not be the healthiest salad, but it's definitely the best.
Easter Candy Bark. If you're making Easter Candy Bark, you have a very legitimate excuse to stock up on all sorts of pastel egg-shaped morsels. And when you're done, you'll have each type of candy left over.
Greek Salad Sandwich Combines Two Of Our Favorite Things (PHOTO). Which other salads should we turn into sandwiches??
Juice Recipes. It's the easiest way to get your fill of fruits and vegetables.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And it's come in the form of rhubarb.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Of course, the Milk Bar is behind this creation.
Super Cozy Crock Pot Meat Loaf Recipe. Here's a recipe for what's called Melt-in-Your-Mouth Meat Loaf. It's one of those life-simplifying meals that cooks itself while you get everything else in your busy life done.
Fried Rice Recipes (PHOTOS). And homemade.
Arby's to Introduce Mighty Minis. The line includes small sandwiches (shown at r.) with its signature sliced roast beef or hot turkey in three varieties
The Coava Kone Stainless Steel Coffee Filter. Once we thought about it for a minute, it started to make sense.
The Whisky Tornado. It's the strongest shot you'll ever down.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Spring weather remains a fantasy here in the North-East, but those early alliums in the market made it seem a fantasy that just could become reality.
Easy-to-Bake Homemade Matzo. Matzo is just flour and water!  I could have made it from scratch this whole time! Warning
20 Easy Spring Produce Recipes. Time to shake off those winter blahs and spring into spring cooking! Here are 20 delicious and easy recipes that make the most of fresh spring fruits and vegetables.
Food Porn. Look at an exclusive peek into Samuelsson's day-to-day culinary adventures, including his Inauguration Day snacks and a meal he recently prepared for Alicia Keys.
Stupidest Egg Separator. Honestly, we thought we were having a change of heart.
Deviled Potatoes By Post Punk Kitchen Are A Great Vegan Easter Recipe (PHOTO). These are not exactly deviled the way we expected.
Chocolate Covered Desserts (PHOTOS). With a quick dip in chocolate, you can make a dessert out of anything.
Celebrate Easter With My Cottontail Mocktail. Easter is on its way and I have concocted a gorgeous Mocktail to celebrate the season!
Strange Food Pairings to Love. For some, it's that irresistible mashup of salty and sweet. For others, it's a characteristic crunch accompanied by a creamy counterpart. To each his own, I say.
What Are the Secrets To Making Great Tasting Ramen?. Sometimes, people have \secret ingredients\ that supposedly improve the taste of ramen. I recently learned of adding in American
Traditional Ashkenazi Diet Needs Healthy Makeover. When I wrote Jewish Traditional Cooking, I wanted to include the inherited foods but lighten them where possible.
Fun With Fenugreek. After acquiring some free fenugreek seeds at a neighborhood seed exchange, we planted them -- recognizing their name only vaguely as some component of curry. Now they're a bumper crop. We decided to investigate and eat our new slender-stemmed friends.
Oysters II. Shucking oysters is one of those messy, jobs that has a lot mystique to it, but is actually a pretty simple procedure.
20 Best Restaurants in America for 2013. What factors make one restaurant better than another? Can you compare a roadside burger joint with an urban fine-dining restaurant?
HuffPost Tastemakers. Craig Deihl has some great things to share.
Cadbury Creme Egg Recipes (PHOTOS). You'll want to make ALL of them.
New Orleans Food Video By Federico Fracchia. New Orleans, we'll come visit you soon, we promise.
Recipe Of The Day. With orange zest and Kalamata olives.
How To Get The Best Seat At Dinner (INFOGRAPHIC). Never be stuck at the wrong end of the table again.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Yeast. We promise, it wants to work.
Slow Down With A Polenta Recipe. It's totally possible to make quick polenta. But it's not possible to make GREAT polenta quickly.
Auspicious Mazi -- Rugelach With Almond-Azuki Bean Filling. These Jewish pastries reach a new not-quite-kosher-for-Passover cultural mish-mash with the injection of a popular Asian dessert ingredient.
Let Your Taste Buds Take You Back in Time. Whether it was our mom's homemade lasagna or a memorable chocolate birthday cake, food has a way of transporting us back to the past.
Make The Ultimate Ham on Your Grill. The world of hams is confusing, but it is worth getting a handle on things because a little knowledge will make your ham dinners much much better.
The Art of Overdoing It. The eternal lightness of being, in the kitchen, is a delightful invention of the 20th century. Every now and then, however, comes a time to overdo it.
Dinner In 10. We know what you're thinking
Recipe Of The Day. They're what happens when a tortilla gets fat.
Bacon And Eggs Recipes (PHOTOS). There are never enough.
Eat This. 1. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Add flour, parmesan, salt and pepper into a food processor bowl and pulse until well combined
Gordon Ramsay Meme. In America, he's known for pretty much one thing
Addictive. If there'e one sweet treat you make for Passover this year, let it be this chocolate toffee bark.
Cilantro Dressing on Vacation. It's no joke - this dressing is will be your new favorite Saturday morning cartoon. It's a toss-it-all-in-the-blender, no
The Best Nanobreweries in the Country. Today's nanobrewery could easily be tomorrow's next big thing. Here are 10 of our favorite nanobreweries across the nation.
The Unseen Bean. When you lose the use of one sense, the others become heightened. That's certainly true for Gerry Leary of Boulder, Colorado. Leary has been blind since birth, yet he operates a successful coffee roasting business and a caf\u00e9 near Boulder's main pedestrian mall, Pearl Street.
Passover Seder Faux Pas. Passover starts tonight, which means brisket and charoset are soon to debut on your holiday table. Rabbi Simcha Weinstein talked with us about seder faux pas, unruly guests and the best gift to give at Passover.
The USA's Best Regional Desserts. What regional desserts in the U.S. have been living in classic apple pie's warm, buttery shadow? We set to find out, one sweet pastry at a time.
Bunny Dessert Recipes Are The Most Adorable Way To Celebrate Easter. Take a bite of an ear or two.
How A Blender Really Works (VIDEO). These slow motion graphics are amazing.
Spring Onion Recipes To Celebrate The Season. It's nice to see you again, guys. Winter was really cold.
World's Spiciest Hot Sauces. Hot sauce
7 Terrific Tastes. This recent stretch of foodie fortune was largely spent outside of the city, with a visit to Washington D.C., a mini-vacation in New Orleans and a wine and cheese party at my apartment in between. Here are the most terrific dishes I tasted from New York to New Orleans.
How to Have a Passover Cocktail Party. Who says you can't have a great cocktail party during Passover? You can, and you should! Invite your friends over for a drink and appetizers.
Recipes That'll Turn Your PEEPS Into The Best Cakes, Cookies And More. Try baking with them, you'll see what we mean.
Recipe. I love Brooklyn eating because it is less crowded and less sceney. It's all about the food. Chef Samuel Beket at Hill Cafe in Brooklyn was such a pleasure.
Late-Night Eating. Seamless, the online delivery ordering service, just released some numbers on how Americans eat late at night, and there are some surprising little factoids in there.
Homemade Ricotta A La Il Buco Alimentari Is Amazing, Surprisingly Easy To Make. It tastes sort of like a beautiful cross between a cloud and a stick of butter
Cocktail Hour Food, Delivered Monthly, From New York Mouth. Giving and receiving a thoughtful gift are probably two of the most gratifying feelings on earth.
Reese's And Mounds Ice Cream Eggs Are An Easter Treat (PHOTOS). Hint
Hummus Guacamole Dip -- Healthy and Delicious!. Avocados with hummus and black beans
Ham Recipes That Take Easter To The Next Level. These are show stopping.
7 Ways to Start Your Day With French Toast. French toast
Matzo Ball Recipes That Are Almost As Good As Your Mother's. From 'sinkers' to 'floaters' there's a matzo ball for everyone.
The Best Little Humous House in Israel. Waking at 6 or 7 a.m. to bubbling vats of fragrant humous mixed with just the right bite of salt from the Mediterranean, is a life changing experience.
When Bloody Marys Have Gone Too Far (PHOTOS). Yes, there is an ENTIRE fish in that cocktail.
Recipe Of The Day. Infinitely better than the stuff from the can.
Easter Egg Nests (PHOTOS). All of them including either chocolate or sugar, or both.
Good Value 'House Wine'? Try a C\u00f4tes du Rh\u00f4ne. Are you looking for a versatile wine you can enjoy with all kinds of casual food? France's gigantic eastern appellation -- the Rh\u00f4ne -- may be a better value than you might think.
These Scones Are So Good, You'll Wish You Were British. Just as good as biscuits, only sweeter.
Sweet and Salty Sesame Cookies. Tell me I'm not the only one who dreams about sweet and salty. It's why these sweet, salty sesame cookies are the best little dessert/appetizer you can imagine.
Preparing for Spring in New York. For those of us whose shopping lists vary by the season, our taste buds can grow a bit frustrated around this time of year. But no one is looking forward to spring as much as farmers in the tri-state area.
Recipe Of The Day. A pastry loaded with cheddar cheese.
The Best Sandwiches in the World. What sandwich would you get on a plane for? What bread-and-stuff combo you'd cross the country or the globe for?
The Best Tacos in America. We asked 10 food critics from 10 American cities to tell us how they found their favorite taco and what makes it so special.
Making Berry Drops With Liquid Nitrogen (VIDEO). You will need liquid nitrogen.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just A Bag Of Dried Beans. You'll feel pretty proud when what started out as colorful little rocks end up so delicious.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Not with envy, but with spring.
Passover Recipes Featuring All The Matzo, Charoset And Gefilte Fish You Need. We love to treat Passover as a sort of springtime Thanksgiving, with plenty of leftovers.
The Nine Best Herbs to Grow at Home. Herbs can be lovely, but if you're looking to buy the organic, locally sourced kind, prepare to leaf out a lot of green. We propose a fun, economical alternative
5 Herbal Spring Cocktails to Make Now. It's finally time for refreshing seasonal cocktails. Whether it's bourbon with mint or vodka with dill, let these five herbal concoctions inspire your spring mixology.
One With the Walnut. \Damn those New Years' people,\ Razia says about this culinary tradition. Spoken like a woman who doesn't have time to waste. But it's only seven ingredients. So what's the big deal? You don't just throw the almonds, pistachios and walnuts in a bowl and call it a day.
Passover Traumatic Stress Disorder. When Passover begins again next week, I will stage my millionth attempt to rescue some meaningful spark from its story -- this time, by exploring charoset as a glorious dish at once ancient and futuristic, traditional and infinitely adaptable.
Shine on -- Mini Coconut Passion Fruit Cakes. It's hard enough to find time to bake, let alone coordinate with mother nature so I can use natural light to get the photography done.
Justin Timberlake Sandwich By HooplaHa. The creators of the Beyonc\u00e9 Sandwich are back at it.
Almond Quinoa Parfait. Looking for a quick n' easy gluten-free and dairy-free breakfast that's high in protein and healthy? Look no further!
Cocktails for Spring's Kick-Off. Spring officially starts on Wednesday, and even if your weather isn't quite cooperating, you can still get a taste of the warmer weather ahead with these eight cocktail recipes.
Gwyneth Paltrow's New Cookbook, 'It's All Good' Is Questionably Useful. The Oscar-winning actress and occasional eater of food has released her second cookbook.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Francois Payard is excited about it.
Betcha Can't Eat Just One. As I read Michael Moss's new book, Salt Sugar Fat
A Dishy Food Star and His Fishy Alter Ego, Dr. Klaw. I recently caught up with my friend, chef Ben Sargent, host of Cooking Channel's Hook, Line and Dinner.
Challah Recipes You Shouldn't Live Without. Bread at its best.
10 Recipes to Welcome Spring. Happy first day of spring! Ramps, peas and asparagus will begin to pop up over the next few weeks, so we've rounded up some recipes that best highlight the season's bounty.
Sandwich Cookie Recipes (PHOTOS). Especially when they're stuffed with buttercream frosting and chocolate ganache.
Recipe. This bolognese is ceamier and zestier than most bolognese. It's certainly not traditional, but it is delicious.
Vegan Cheesecake - Can It Be?!. Free of cholesterol and animal fats, many of the recipes feature whole grain and dried fruit crusts; fillings made from raw, soaked nuts and natural sweeteners; and fresh fruit toppings.
Cooking For Kitchenphobes. It's time to graduate from the jar.
Recipe Of The Day. Some might say they're even better than crab cakes.
Slow Down And Make Ragu. This is one meat sauce worth putting the time into.
Rothko Toast For Morning Inspiration (PHOTOS). They're almost too beautiful to eat.
Asian Noodles With Attitude. There are few things more satisfying than diving headfirst into a bowl of noodles. Here are 10 bowls to lean over, to slurp up, to happily get all over your face.
Kosher-For-Passover Wine Taste Test. The first night of Passover arrives this year on Monday evening, and many observant Jews are beginning to consider which wines to purchase for their Seder tables.
Recipe Of The Day. A forgotten classic that we're bringing back.
Dinner In 10. Despite what you might think, making a homemade dinner in a hurry is 100 percent possible.
Clementine Upside Down Cake By Drizzle And Dip (PHOTO). These are the best way we can think of to celebrate the end of clementine season.
Zero Mile Gastronomy. It's time to go back to the days when we ate both locally and intuitively.
Tostada Recipes (PHOTOS). Tostadas
The Eggselent Protein. It's amazing that I love eggs, considering that I lived on a chicken farm for seven years when I was a kid and I ate eggs seven days a week.
Mason Jar Cocktail Shaker Was Bound To Be Invented Sometime (PHOTO). Is there any more practical, functional or beautiful item in the kitchen than a mason jar?
The Best Bagel Shops in America. The beloved chewy yet tender staple of the New York City breakfast has set a standard that cities across the country strive to match.
Burger King Restuffs Its Menu. Burger King continues to revamp its menu seasonally with waves of new items that surely are going to wear out the poor teens behind its counters.
Organic Food Is Not Just For Snobs, Dr. Oz. Ask Wal-Mart.. Let me get this straight
Honestly YUM. Honestly YUM is dedicated to 'the visual exploration of taste.' HELLO, LET'S BE FRIENDS.
Boursin Recipes (PHOTOS). This little cheese can do so much.
Soy Lecithin. How could one little additive be so pervasive? Well, because it's really useful.
Julie Green. In her quiet, forceful, beautiful way, Julie Green is trying to end the death penalty in this country. She paints, on ceramic plates, portraits of death-row inmates' last meal requests
Caf\u00e8 les Baux. Whenever we have a hankering for some good French food in the Hudson Valley, Caf\u00e8 les Baux is where we're headed.
March Madness. There are a lot of games on the horizon. We've got a different nacho recipe for each one.
Comfortable Silence. With all the ingredients stirred into a simple bundt pan and baked, the result invokes relaxing moments.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Burgers are involved.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Each one more amazing than the last.
HuffPost Tastemakers. In animal print.
Recipe Of The Day. Grilled and topped with tomato butter.
Cooking Off the Cuff. One of our standby dishes for a quick dinner is pasta with flavorful greens such as Swiss chard, broccoli rabe or kale.
Bacon And Eggs Caviar. Because a regular breakfast just won't do.
The Best Frozen Mac And Cheese. Sometimes you just need dinner to be easy -- but delicious too.
Cooking For Kitchenphobes. How white wine sauce can revamp your whole dinner routine.
Zinfandel. Zin is not an easy grape from which to make fine wine. It ripens very unevenly - leading to clusters containing both harshly acidic, unripe grapes and very ripe grapes. It also has a thin skin that causes the ripe grapes to turn to raisins if not picked soon enough.
A Guinness Lamb Stew for St. Paddy's Day. In this traditional Irish stew, lamb is braised in a Guinness-spiked broth along with carrots, potatoes and bright green peas. Served with a crusty loaf of bread, it's the perfect hearty fare for a St. Patrick's Day feast.
The Post-Hostess Steeplechase. The post-2012 Twinkie Void has raised many questions, such as
Edible Institute 2013 Liveblog. Krista asks the panel what challenges there were in coming back to farms they grew up on. Poett says she was raised to believe
St. Patrick's Day Surprise Mocktail Recipe. This is a simple, gorgeous mocktail which is a bit of a surprise, your guests won't expect the burst of Grapefruit flavor that will greet them with the first sip!
HuffPost Tastemakers. For a baby shower.
Buckwheat Oatmeal Raisin Cookies. Buckwheat grain gives an amazing flour with a rich and deep earthy texture which fits perfectly in these cookies. Buckwheat is also gluten- and wheat-free, making it an ideal flour substitute in most dishes for people with related allergies.
Color-Coded Spring Salads By Sweet Paul Magazine Are Gorgeous (PHOTOS). Sure, anyone can make a green salad. But how about a blue salad? Black? White?
Slow Down And Make Risotto. This is one dish worth the wait.
How to Make Jewish Chicken Soup. This isn't a cookbook or food blog-type recipe.  It's the way your grandmother -- or someone else's grandmother -- would have shown you how to make it.
10 Untraditional Potato Recipes For St. Patrick's Day. Let's take a moment to thank potatoes. They're comforting, and they serve as the canvas for many of our favorite meals. They hold up our braises and complement our roasts, crisp up after a stint in the oven and soften with a kiss of cream.
Treat Yo Self. When we want to treat ourselves to something, it's usually a meal.
13 Ways To Make Collard Greens Totally Delicious. Collard greens and ham hocks go together like peas and carrots.
The Most Authentic Irish Pubs in America. America is home to a budding number of truly authentic Irish pubs.
Recipe Of The Day. Paired with a white wine herb sauce.
Dinner In 10. Just like a grilled cheese, but better.
Ashley English. From her modest but cozy home in the mountains of North Carolina, Ashley English is providing a model of party-giving and camaraderie for a generation more concerned about authenticity and human connection than about making a big splash.
The History Of The Irish Car Bomb, And Why You Probably Shouldn't Ever Order One. You might want to think twice before you order one.
Shepherd's Pie. I vividly remember the moment my fork sliced through layers of pillowy potatoes and savory minced lamb as I ate my first shepherd's pie.
Drink Your Way Through St. Paddy's Day. This St. Patrick's Day, you certainly need to include a very special guest from the Emerald Isle -- and no, green beer doesn't count.
Fisticup. Sometimes, you need to punch your day in the face.
Neglected Kitchen. A voicemail from the loneliest room in your house.
16 Chicken Dishes to Spice Up Your Repertoire. Spice up your weeknight dinners with these creative chicken dishes. Bonus
'The Taste' Ends First Season With A Sad Whimper. You could have been something special.
8 Unusual Sweets From Around The World (PHOTOS). Here are eight of our favorite unusual sweets from all around the world. Have you tried any of these?
Craft Beer's Best Beards (PHOTOS). You can cast your vote for whose beard is best through March 17 at 12:00 a.m. So ... what's the beard and beer connection
Mastering Your Oven. You don't know how to use your oven. It's nothing to be ashamed about.
Food Informants. The very busy week of a very busy chef.
Leek Recipes We Love That Aren't Just Potato Leek Soup (PHOTOS). We love the whole onion family equally, but leeks are our favorite today.
Corkscrew Key Chain So You're Always Prepared. A corkscrew key chain means you will always be able to open a bottle of wine.
Chocolate Room Sculptor Elena Kliment Creates Lounge Made Entirely Of Confection (PHOTOS). Paging Willy Wonka -- a sculptor in Belarus has created a room made entirely of chocolate.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And Craig Deihl is responsible, of course.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Only Francois Payard could make this happen.
Drink Me, I'm Not Irish! Limited Edition Scotch Whiskies for St. Patrick's Day or Anytime. They're rare, super-collectible, and as a result, pretty expensive.
Pie For Pi Day. If you didn't grow up eating this traditional Easter dessert, you missed out.
Recipe Of The Day. Topped with chimichurri, of course.
Baileys Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). It's the best way to enjoy Baileys.
St. Patrick's Day Cocktails. If you can't get to Dublin, mix a batch of lucky libations for your Irish friends.
Asparagus, Eggs, Cream. Spring is coming, guys -- let's get our brunch game back in tip-top shape.
Four Reasons I've Had Oysters on my Mind. The Accidental Locavore has had oysters on the brain for several reasons.
Game Of Thrones Beer. Does it taste good enough for non-fans to enjoy?
Pinata Cake By A Subtle Revelry Is Making Us Want To Throw A Party (PHOTO). Just please don't smash this cake like a traditional pi\u00f1ata.
Kyotofu. People are still lining up for the green tea cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e, warm chocolate mochi cake, miso chocolate brownies and black sesame sweet tofu.
Irish Food Defined For St. Paddy's (PHOTOS). Know the difference between your colcannon and your champs.
Whole Foods Didn't Have Much Choice on GMO Labeling. When it comes to eating genetically modified anything, the folks who shop at Whole Foods have made it clear
Plant-Based Meals. Many people are looking for things that they can put in a sandwich when going plant-based. Tempeh is a good choice. If you want something mouthwateringly delicious, yet still healthy, this sandwich will not disappoint!
10 Boozy Ways to Pretend You're on Spring Break. Make like the college kids in Cancun and swap out the wintry bourbon cocktails, the hot toddies, the mulled wine.
Soft Boiled Eggs Make Recipes Better (PHOTOS). Try it, and you'll see.
A Look at Austin's Food Truck Scene. The majority of food trucks in Austin aren't trucks at all.
The Challah Recipe That Inspired A Food Blog. How baking challah and talking about food changed over five years.
Redemption In Sin City. This gathering was set against the backdrop of Sin City, the most startling, bizarre and artificial landscape on the continent.
Recipe Of The Day. The Germans know what they're doing when it comes to pancakes.
An Imbiber's Guide to Texas. Texas' beer, wine, coffee and cocktail cultures are bigger than ever. The Texas Issue celebrates the people, places and flavors that make the Lone Star State one hot drinking destination to explore right now.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Stuffed baked potatoes -- aka stuffed potato skins or twice-baked potatoes -- are typically made with lots of cheese and often with ingredients like bacon or ground meat.
School Lunch Project. Ask any leprechaun out there and they will tell you that they eat lots of green food items. While we only seem to look at green foods during St. Patrick's Day time, I look for new ways of giving my kids green foods year round (because they are good for them, right?).
Pizza Grilled Cheese. This Frankenstein's monster of a sandwich has occupied our hearts and minds all day.
A New Englander Draws the Line. These days it's unfashionable to disparage pork belly in any form, but when it comes to chowder recipes I am firmly anti-bacon.
Roman Holiday. As I stood in front of the Colosseum eating my bomboloni, the chatter of tourists humming in the air, I thought of Rome, past and present.
Green Dessert Recipes For St. Patrick's Day (PHOTOS). Or maybe not. But they're the best way to get in the St. Paddy's Day spirit.
Disposable Flask For Smarter Drinking. If you think you're going to find yourself in a situation where your booze might be taken away, consider the disposable flask.
Awesome Sandwich Cutters Make Lunch Adorable (PHOTOS). We are finally not being facetious -- these are adorable.
HuffPost Tastemakers. He makes everything look good.
Need A Beer Float Recipe For St. Patrick's Day? (PHOTOS). Do not, under any circumstances put green food coloring in your beer -- use ice cream.
10 Amazing Vegan Ginger-Based Recipes!. In Western cooking and baking, ginger is perhaps best known for its role in treats like gingersnaps and gingerbread. But this anti-inflammatory spice is as versatile as it is healthy.
Where to Eat in Austin During South by Southwest. Franklin Barbecue, one of the most popular barbecue joints in Austin, until recently sold all of its food from a trailer. The brisket, pork rib, and pulled pork are hand cut, seasoned and smoked by  co-owner, and chef, Aaron Franklin. This is seat-of-the pants, learn-as-you-go cooking.
The Worst In Stock Food Photos. These photographers clearly were not fans of food.
The Best Salt And Vinegar. We're on a mission to separate the weak from the strong.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Whipped Cream (Barely Even A Recipe). Deep breaths, cold bowl, let's whip!
Spam Gets a Makeover. From fancy Spam crisps to fatty Spam sandwiches, the creativity seems unending.
Recipe Of The Day. It's our favorite part of spring.
The Best Food Delivery Service In The World. Each day in Mumbai, 4,000 men in white outfits and matching hats transport 175,000 lunches across the big city.
The Paralysis of Wine Analysis. Like all objects of beauty, wine is more than the sum of its parts. If you're busily probing into technical minutiae, will you remember to consider how a wine makes you feel?
Understanding Gluten. It's an important component in the structure and texture of baked goods as we know them. It's mostly found in wheat and, to a lesser extent, in barley and rye. So what is it?
How To Pair Wines, A Chart. The mystery of wine has been solved.
10 Ways To Cook With Beer. Given how much we all love firing it up in the kitchen and cracking open a cold brew, why not double your pleasure and cook with beer while you drink it?
The Best Wedding Food We've Ever Eaten. Why on this day of celebration do we frequently insist on feeding each other airplane food?
Eat This. Vegetables are the greatest excuse to eat hollandaise.
Eat This. Spring is here, and there's no excuse not to start eating more green vegetables.
Trailblazing The Path from Farm To City. The International Restaurant and Foodservice Show of New York rolls into town every March with a vast array of vendors and displays.
Schnecken. Sometimes you think you've met every kind of cinnamon roll under the sun.
English Muffin Recipe. We're big proponents of English muffins -- their spongey texture makes for an entirely different take on typical breakfast staples, like toast. They're excellent with butter, peanut butter and jams, or even by themselves.
Doritos Locos Tacos Taste Test. Our feelings about the four flavors varied rather dramatically.
Musings From Behind The Scenes Of A Downtown Restaurant During SXSW. \Survive and advance\ are the words Chef/Owner Shawn Cirkiel uses to describe the situation at his downtown Austin restaurant during the 10-day stretch of South By Southwest.
Alphabet Cake Pan. You're not limited to cake. Imagine a giant Jell-O mold, terrine or quiche in your initials!
Cooking For Kitchenphobes. Stop being scared, they're just eggs! We're here to help.
The Women In Culinary Leadership Cookoff. On February 26, the James Beard Foundation headed to Vermilion restaurant to judge the Women in Culinary Leadership Cookoff.
Mother Trucker. Owning a food truck isn't where I saw my life heading when I was in college. I didn't realize when I decided to take this business plunge that my new eau de parfum was going to have natural hints of vanilla and brown sugar, but then again, I didn't anticipate a lot of things.
Sun Dried Tomatoes From The Valley. It's a family production, this sun-dried tomato business. And like all good things, it's simple.
Recipe Of The Day. This blondie recipe is not your typical blonde.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And it's beautiful.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Allegretti is impressed with Eleven Madison Park.
5 Edible Rest Stop Food Options -- Yes, It's Totally Possible. 1. Dried fruit. Most gas stations have a snack section, and most of it is junk. But if you look carefully, you'll usually
Ruth Reichl. This prediction defies traditional wisdom about the younger diners of today.
The Poor Porker. The Poor Porker beignet cart reflects that thrifter's sensibility. It's a curated trove of weird found objects and quirky personal passions, so genuinely strange that it's hard for people not to fall in love with Masse and Wilson's vision of the world.
Popover Recipes. Eating our first popover was like a delicious physics lesson that we actually liked.
DIY Sous Vide Heating Immersion Circulator. It's high time you just make your own sous vide apparatus
What Makes Stickiness So Seductive?. Presented with something sticky, our teeth and jaws tell us that this substance is highly concentrated, extremely dense
Slow Down With An Irish Soda Bread Recipe. It's worth it for the smell of fresh-baked bread alone.
Genius Cocoa Brownies. A genius brownie has been tricky to pin down -- until now.
SXSW Cookbook Will Arrive In 2014, By Cookbook Create. This cookbook is exciting for one major reason
7 Spring Break Recipes To Bring The Party To You. March is the ideal time to pack-up shop and get away. Winter is supposed to be over, but somehow it feels like it's just getting worse. Unfortunately, some of us are no longer in a stage of life where taking a week off to drink tequila is acceptable or mandated by university scheduling.
Parsnip Recipes That Won't Weird You Out. We'll be the first to admit it, parsnips are kind of weird. But these recipes will convince you they're also great.
What's The Beef With Horse Meat?. Taboos are a funny thing, and when it comes to breaking them, certainly not all food cultures are alike.
Prince Biscuits. The title \prince biscuits\ has been given to a number of various foods over time.
Gordon Ramsay Jabs At Bobby Flay, Cat Cora, More In Men's Journal. Guess he never learned the lesson, if you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say it at all.
Watered-Down Budweiser Tastes A Lot Like Normal Bud In Blind Tasting. After claims that Budweiser has been \watered down,\ we set up an experiment to see if drinkers can really tell the difference.
Cooking Off The Cuff. In summertime, a week will go by and we'll realize that apart from the odd slice of salami we've been subsisting on all those great warm-weather vegetables, plus pasta and bread. But on a cold day, meat has greater appeal.
Food Informants. Walk a week in the shoes on a concierge during the South Beach Food & Wine Festival.
Elixirs Of Pain. The problem with a lot of things on Kickstarter is that once you have them funded, you have to produce them and not everyone is prepared to ramp-up in dramatic fashion.
A Look At The Top 10 Culinary School Chefs In North America, And The Dishes That Got Them There. To become a finalist and compete in Napa, CA for the top prize, the culinary school chefs must first compete in one of 10 regional 'battle royale' style competitions and present their cuisine to an independent panel of executive chefs and food media.
Vegetarian Italian Recipes. Ditch the meat and veg out.
Pantone Pairings Marry Our Favorite Foods And Design Swatches (PHOTOS). When food and design collide, the internet tends to fall in love.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Cacahapas are definitely involved.
Ribera Del Duero. If you like rich, complex, high quality red wines, you owe it to yourself to get to know the wines of Ribera del Duero.
Cabbage & Paneer Stir-Fry. The cabbage actually adds a totally different texture, giving the dish a good crunch.
Roasted Cauliflower with (or without) Tahini Dressing. Roasted Cauliflower The great thing about this recipe is that the cauliflower by itself is totally yum and goes great with
How To Make Microbrew-Braised Rutabagas (VIDEO). Winter root vegetables are some of my favorite ingredients.
An Ode To Eating At The Bar. I've had three of the most remarkable meals of my eating life within the last year, and I've had them all while sitting on a barstool.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And how much thought is put into them.
Cancer-Preventive Recipes. Recently, researchers have begun turning their attention to a burning question in food science
Got The Sequester Blues? Here's 11 New Spirits For Drinking Your Way Through The Drama. Most of us only know for sure that waiting on security lines at airports is going to be even more unbearable than usual, and that alone is enough to drive one to drink.
The Power Of The Miracle Berry. The Miracle Berry resembles the cranberry in appearance, but that is where the similarities end. In fact, the Miracle Berry is unlike any other fruit out there!
Balsamic-Glazed Roasted Beets. Beets are a nutritional powerhouse -- they cleanse the body, are chock-full of vitamins, minerals and antioxidants, and are a great source of energy.
Food Poems. Food poetry can be incredibly nuanced, eliciting feelings of pleasure and nostalgia in the same way eating does.
Sriracha Recipe. For a fresher variation of sriracha, we recommend making your own
Drag Cooking Shows Combine Two Of Our Favorite Things (VIDEOS). Ooh, girl! Your knife skills are sickening.
Vegemite vs. Marmite Taste Test. Not exactly glowing results, but we all made it out alright.
Ramen History. What do Brittany Murphy, the word \oodles\, and Tulsa, Oklahoma have to do with the undebatable noodle of the moment?
Keeping It Kosher, Kind Of. Could I leave a life consisting of lobster, chicken Parmesan and one set of silverware, behind? Maybe. Would my children ever live these everyday items (I clearly take for granted) first hand? Maybe not.
An Heirloom Potato Primer. Here, I've explored a few types of potatoes, which of all things are flourishing in multiple shapes, colors and variety -- yes, right now, in the dearth of mid-winter's dullness.
Bar Essentials. Proper accessories complete a well-stocked bar. These tools of the trade will have you mixing in style and ever ready for your next Pop-Up Party. My favorite kind of social activity.
Revealing The Name Brands Behind Trader Joe's Food, Round 2 (TASTE TEST). We make new discoveries in our quest to find out who's making Trader Joe's food.
Everything Bagel Pasta By Sfoglini Is Officially On Our Wish List. Think capers and a cheesy sauce. Creme fraiche and caviar! Sorry, we'll calm down.
Dinner In 10. Fish tacos are perfect pretty much any time. That they can be prepared in under ten minutes is just icing on the cake (or cabbage on the taco).
How Much Food To Feed A Crowd (INFOGRAPHIC). Feeding four is easy; but feeding 20 is a whole different ball game.
Cheese Fries Recipes For The Ages. We don't think so.
Guinness Recipes. Guinness floats are a no-brainer, and Guinness cakes put an interesting spin on traditional chocolate.
Recipe Of The Day. Simple, but perfectly comforting.
Coconut Macaroon Recipes You Need To Try. We love the classic, but sometimes we can't help but mess with perfection.
How To Make Clarified Butter (and Ghee). Clarified butter is the workhorse cooking fat of many a restaurant kitchen and culinary school -- some even keep it in big squeeze bottles for fast access.
Orzo Recipes. It can be used as a rice substitute in most recipes, and is also traditionally used in soups or in pilafs.
Tim's Place, Albuquerque. Breakfast, lunch and hugs.
Eve's Hummus. Ingredients
HuffPost Tastemakers. Not just one, but two.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's beginning to be a regular thing.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's one we can get behind.
Peppermint Paddy Cupcakes. Make these rich chocolate cupcakes topped with minty-green frosting in honor of Saint Paddy!
Food & Wine Festivals In 2013. From street vendor celebrations to private dinners with winemakers and acclaimed chefs,  lovers of libations have much to celebrate this year.
8 Japanese Dishes For Beginners. What do you think of fermented soybeans (natto), firefly squid with pickled wasabi, chicken bones (nankotsu) and hearts, arugula salad with dried baby fish topped with a poached egg, and sea eel with soy and lemon? Probably not much or unappealing if you're not too familiar with Japanese food.
Bar Recipes. And we really do love brownies too.
Alice Waters On Farmers (VIDEO). From the series Markers.com, featuring trailblazing women across all fields.
Earth Apples. The word \apple\ dates back to the Beowulf days, and first appeared in Old English as \\u00e6ppel,\ meaning \apple; any kind of fruit; fruit in general.\
The Must-Try Restaurants Of 2013. It took nearly forever for American restaurants to understand what American customers want, but now they have it right.
Moxie. We've never met anyone who thinks this oddly bittersweet soda is 'just okay.'
Skillet Recipes. There's nothing quite like cookies fresh out of the oven, except, perhaps, cookies hot off the stove.
Recipe Of The Day. It's one root vegetable you want to know.
Cooking With Hops. If beer is the new wine, we need to start doing some of the same things with beer that are we do with wine.
McShakeup. A McDonald's franchisee says the chain will remove Angus Third Pounder burgers, Chicken Selects and apple-walnut salad, a move likely intended to clear menu space for an expected rollout of McWraps and other new items.
Beer Myths That Won't Go Away. Let's take a look at some of the most heinous falsities and set the record straight on dark beers, proper serving and storage temperature, and the damage done by years of beer advertisements.
7 Healthy Lunch Salads To Take to Work. Why not bring a delicious salad to work for lunch? It's a great way to save money and eat a healthy diet.
Chrissy Teigen Cooks Eric Ripert Pork Jok 'On The Table' (VIDEO). The supermodel shows off her kitchen skills, and makes the chef blush more than once.
The Evangelist of Hash and His Dining Escapades (video). Clark Haass is bent on world domination, but not in the evil-overlord, bwa-ha-ha sense. He wants to bring the world to the
21 Breakfast Pizzas That'll Make Your Morning Better. Because a bowl of cereal just won't do.
The Gift Of Gold -- Individual Mango Cakes. These individual Mango Cakes are my offering to you during the celebration for the Year of the Snake.
Fancy Food Box Subscription Is Like Gourmet Personal Shopper. Maybe you love handmade cookies and locally-grown teas, but you just don't have the time.
Calozzi's Cheesesteaks, Seattle. Pour your heart out and tell us about the special food people in your neighborhood.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We're seeing good things.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's not as bad as you think.
Humanity And Justice For All. I never had any intentions of putting horse on my menu just for the sake of it. If found a livestock farmer raising them humanely, I would consider it. Until then, I'll keep investigating all sides of the matter, unlike the people calling for my colleagues' and my heads on a platter.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's a beautiful sight.
Cooking For Kitchenphobes. Throw out those bottled dressings. They're no good here.
Introducing The 2013 America's Classics. This award is given to regional establishments, often family-owned, that are treasured for their quality food, local character, and lasting appeal.
Pound Cake Recipes That Give Other Desserts A Run For Their Money. Proof that this cake is anything but boring.
Bottoms Up Beer Dispenser Gives You A Never-Ending Glass (VIDEO). Someone made this real for us!
Good Food, Good People. Send us letters about the people who make a difference in your food community.
Breakfast-For-Dinner Cocktails. Breakfast for dinner is undoubtedly one of our most cherished traditions. But you don't have to stop at serving omelets, toast and pancakes.
Vegetarian Thai Recipes. Thai-inspired french fries and vegetarian \duck\ salad put an interesting twist on the cuisine.
What To Do With Expired Food. Bananas are not the only food that can be used past their prime.
Narragansett Beer. This pale lager is just about the greatest thing on earth to wash down a stuffed quahog.
Best Pastry Chefs 2013. It makes sense that dessert demands its own separate chef, someone who can conjure up a memorable finale.
Grilled Peanut Butter And Jelly Crusted With Cornflakes By Fuss Free Cooking (PHOTO). Cornflake crusted, grilled to gooey perfection -- we'll wait for you to catch your breath.
The Whole Food And Nothing But The Whole Food - So Help You, Good!. Try something new. Look at a vegetable in its entirety.
Cooking Off The Cuff. I've been making risotto for decades, for much of that time using fairly rich chicken stock as my preferred cooking liquid.
School Lunch Project. In order to remedy the \mom, can we get Spaghetti O's for dinner?\ question, I decided to make my own version.
Christina Tosi's Cubano Croissant Recipe. The pickle butter is sheer creative genius, but the perfectly tangy braised pork is technical perfection.
California Chardonnay Entering Its Golden Age?. California certainly has a long history with the variety, and there are numerous older vineyards, going back to the 1970s, that are hitting their stride as sources for lower yielding, more complex grapes.
Maple Recipes For All Your Baking Needs. It's not just for pancakes.
The 5 Most Popular Hot-Sauces And Their Secrets. The top 5 were chosen based on menu mentions across the country.
Lee Schrager Offers A Taste Of The 2013 South Beach Wine And Food Festival. Bikini bodies are hot but great food is equally as sexy!
Food Informants. A first-hand look at a week in the life of Maile Carpenter.
The Best Canned Chicken Noodle Soup. No canned chicken noodle soup will ever beat homemade, but sometimes we're lazy.
Make An Entire Dinner With Girl Scout Cookies Using These 5 Recipes. It's hard to imagine that a Girl Scout cookie can be improved upon, but from the looks of these recipes, it may be true.
Star Fruit (Or Carambola). The oddly-shaped, tart, tropical fruit we can't get enough of.
Pancetta Recipes That Make Us Even More Grateful For Italian Food. It's basically Italian bacon, so... it's basically the best.
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Hollandaise. You can make Hollandaise sauce in a blender in about 60 seconds. No, really.
11 Ways To Use Maple Syrup. Popcorn, or duck, or pound cake, or ice cream... Get out that jug and take advantage.
Oreogami. We always knew Oreo cookies were special, but we didn't know they were this special.
Proust's Madeleine Study Argues The Episode Is Only Kinda Accurate About Memory. The synopsis we have in our minds is all wrong.
Recipe Of The Day. You've never had one like this before.
Endive Recipes That Explain Why Belgians Call It 'White Gold' (PHOTOS). You'll understand why the Belgians call it their white gold.
Pancakes, We Love You This Much (PHOTOS). What's not to love about them?
The Most Sensual Diet. The health benefits of the lusty Mediterranean diet have been touted for years.
Body Gummy Made With 3D Scanner Is The Latest Way To Say 'I Love You' (PHOTOS). There's no better reason to start getting in shape.
Breakfast Hash Recipes (PHOTOS). We're moving beyond the potato.
Eat This. Learn how to make this gorgeous cake from blogger Hungry Rabbit.
How To Make Swedish Horseballs. With Swedish furniture IKEA giant taking a big (although unintentional) leap in the culinary world by taking their famous meatballs on something of an equestrian detour.
Jimmy Choo Tea Service. For a lot less money.
A Bout de Vin. A cool spring had come to the Northern Rh\u00f4ne Valley, and Nancy Kerschen was growing restless. Many months had passed since she'd moved from California to France to grow grapes with her true love, Julien C\u00e9cillon. But the lack of sun meant a delayed harvest.
Plant-Based Meals. The most common question I get about healthy plant-based cooking is this
Recipe Of The Day. It's easier than you think.
Slow Down With A Ratatouille Recipe. This dish will bring anyone back to their childhood in Provence -- even if you've never been.
How To Boil An Egg With Rose Bakery's Chef. While advertisements for the incredible, edible egg aren't as prevalent as they once were, eggs are an essential part of any bakery and restaurant.
Mexican Martinis. It might just be a glorified margarita, but it's surprisingly perfect for Texas' abundant hot summer days.
Cream Cheese Recipes. Thirty-five ways to use this spread.
Middle West Spirits. We fall in love with Ohio's new favorite whiskey.
Creating A Hot Spot. Their trademark style involves an undercurrent of wit and fierce thoughtfulness.
Oceana Overstates Mislabeled Fish Problem. By now, we all know that the fish we buy has about a one in three chance of being something other than what's on the label. Just how much should we care?
The Accidental Locavore's First King Cake, A Mardi Gras Tradition. The King Cake  was actually baked and eaten during the Epiphany season (January 6th to Ash Wednesday). But since the U.S. has a short attention span for everything, it's become associated with Mardi Gras celebrations.
Cream Puff Recipes, Profiterole Recipes, Delicious Whatever You Call Them (PHOTOS). Call them cream puffs or profiteroles, we just want to eat them all.
Onion Crying 'Cures', From Gum-Chewing To Goggle-Wearing, Put To The Test. Onion chopping is one of two things that consistently makes me cry. (The other is \Friday Night Lights.\)
Chocolate Milk Recipe. The joys of chocolate milk need not be explained, but we're happy to explain them anyway.
We Hate The Word Foodie. Whatever you do, just don't say that word. Please.
Sustainable Alternatives To Bluefin Tuna. There are several species of bluefin tuna, and all of the world's populations have declined dramatically in recent decades.
Ruffles MAX Debuts Beer Battered Onion Rings Potato Chips. We are very harsh potato chip judges. That being said, we are fans of these. There isn't a ton of onion ring flavor, but
15 Delicious Incentives For Grilling Your Avocados. We're huge fans of their cool, creamy texture, but we have to admit they're pretty darn good when heated up, too.
Homecoming Meals. Sage pasta advice from an Iron Chef. Trust him.
White Sauce Deserves A Comeback. Whatever happened to white sauce? Has that wonderfully comforting creamy sauce thickened with butter and flour disappeared for good from our plates?
Digesting the TEDx Food Conference. Perhaps the conference had not intended to give us hope -- but rather to disrupt any complacency around the pace of change and the evolution of a national agenda around food policy.
Momofuku's Influence Manifests In Its Alumni's Restaurants. Important restaurants always have alumni who start other acclaimed restaurants.
100 Percent Cheese Grilled Cheese. It's all of our dreams come true.
Chocolate-Date-Pecan Truffles With Smoked Sea Salt. These luscious little morsels taste enough like Snickers bars to satisfy a candy bar craving... the dates have a caramel flavor, and the nuts, chocolate, and salt combine for an incredibly satisfying little snack.
Recipe Of The Day. Served on crab cakes, topped with satsuma hollandaise sauce.
Barefoot Contessa Saut\u00e9 Dinners For Two Make Us Mad At Ina Garten. We're mad at Ina Garten.
Banana Grrrrranola Bars for Your Dog (VIDEO). Canine cookbook author Rick Woodford (Feed Your Best Friend Better) demonstrates an easy granola bar recipe that your dog
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's where he belongs.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We want two.
Crispy Kale Chips With Black Roasted Sesame Seeds. Crispy, crunchy and addictive, it will be nearly impossible to eat just one of these Kale Chips with Black Roasted Sesame Seeds.  If you've never tried kale chips before, you are missing out.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Alain Allegretti is full of surprises.
10 Seafood Recipes For Lent. Eating fish on Fridays is a long-standing lenten tradition, as those observing this time of fasting and reflection abstain from eating meat once a week.
Cooking For Kitchenphobes. We're here to tell you that you're being a baby if you're afraid of making soup.
Homemade Pizza Recipes, Because We All Need A Go-To. If you love pizza but have never made your own, we are here to insist that you do it.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We want one.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We're inspired by what we see.
Catching Up With Michael Solomonov. They only sell donuts and fried chicken. Trust me, there is no better way to start your day then with one of their fresh donuts.
America's Classic Update. They order whole lobsters that weigh one to four pounds, depending on what Lorri's husband has caught that day, or they go for lobster rolls, crab rolls, heaps of clams, or even a hot dog.
America's Classic Update. How did White House Sub Shop, situated only three blocks north of the Atlantic City boardwalk, weather Hurricane Sandy? \We didn't,\ remarks owner Brian Conley.
Stupid Chip Clips. You know what were great inventions? The rubberband and the chip clip.
5 Oscar-Worthy Cocktails. While there's an Oscar for just about everything movie-related, we couldn't help but notice that the Best Cinematic Cocktail category still hasn't made the Academy's cut.
Need A New Artichoke Recipe? We Found Some Of The Best. We show a little love to our favorite member of the thistle family.
Our Favorite Movie Food Scenes. Since it's Oscar Season, we asked some of our contributors what their favorite food scenes in movies are. We'd love to hear what your favorite food scene is in a movie and why!
Homemade Ricotta Cheese. Ricotta is the real deal and you're missing a wonderful treat if you settle for anything less. Even better, make it yourself.
The Best Restaurants Make You Feel Loved. We always think that food is the most important, but how you are treated, before, during and after you eat that food, plays a huge role in how the meal is enjoyed.
These Chowder Recipes Will Hug You From The Inside Out (PHOTOS). They give you a great excuse to eat oyster crackers.
Dessert Parfaits. It's become increasingly rare to see the word \parfait\ without the word \yogurt\ tacked onto it, but this hasn't always been the case.
Mixed-up Menu Trends. Every month or so I look forward to receiving the \events publication\ from the James Beard House in New York City. A read of the menus to be cooked by myriad chefs from all over the country provides an \instagram\ sweep of America's culinary landscape.
Coffee Milk. No, we are not talking about coffee with milk. We are talking about coffee milk.
Women Who Love Whiskey. In the world of whiskey, Heather Greene has some significant firsts
Chipotle Tofu Burritos Apparently Taste Like Breakfast Burritos. Apparently a lot like scrambled eggs.
Oscar Recipes 2013. What do we do when we feel nostalgic? We make vintage-inspired recipes.
Easy as Pie. This easy apple pie recipe is a simple French twist on a favorite sweet treat
Funeral Sandwiches. The common thread among funeral food is that it is typically simple, warm and versatile.
Purim's Trifecta. Okay children, today's lesson is
A Reunion On Reunion. Finally, dessert was served. Dark chocolate fondante with fragrant Tonka beans and red berry syrup, and a passion fruit custard with jeweled fresh fruit and miniature macarons.
10 Edible Gifts For Purim. You may think the season of gift-giving -- the season of cookies, of loaf cakes, of sticky caramels and candied nuts -- is long over. The time for dressing up in costume? So last October.
Girl And The Goat's Stephanie Izard Returns To The Interview Show. Stephanie Izard, chef/owner of Girl and the Goat and now Little Goat, stopped by the fifth anniversary of The Interview Show.
French Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). It'll be hard to choose just one.
Quiche Recipes For Easy And Delicious Meals (PHOTOS). Make mealtime easier, and more delicious.
No-Bake Cookies Recipes (PHOTOS). If you're a cookie lover, you probably aim for gooeyness when baking.
Recipe Of The Day. In an apricot salad.
Best Ever Peruvian-Style Roast Chicken With Green Sauce. This is my take on Pollo a la Brasa, the delicious spit-roasted chicken made popular by so many Peruvian restaurants. The chicken is first marinated in olive oil, lime juice, garlic and spices, and then oven-roasted until tender, juicy and crisp-skinned.
Lights! Cameras! Oscar Party!. Host your own glam-filled, Hollywood-inspired Oscar bash at home, with tasty cocktails an easy to assemble meal, fun and games, and you're sure to be on the ballot for the best host in a \Zero Fail Mission.\
Cheese Flavors. You could almost make it work as wall art.
DIY Red Bull. We just discovered that you can buy caffeine powder -- please send help.
Food Informants. A week in the life of the founder of Epic Meal Time.
Cooking Off The Cuff. He'd cut a chicken into portions and moist-roasted it with strong flavors including particularly aromatic rosemary, garlic and - this was the memorable part - lemon halves put into the roasting pan cut side down.
Down & Dirty. There's a fantastically wide array of them, too -- so many that we're taking two weeks to cover them all.
Secrets Of The Wine Event. Wine events can be as loud as a college party or cozy as an intimate gathering of friends but no matter the style, knowing basic event etiquette ahead of time will enhance the pleasure, entertainment, and education of all who attend. Here's what you need to know before raising your glass.
SoCo Farmers Market Video By Jacob Mann Makes Summer Feel Closer. Spring feels a long way away. Summer feels even farther. This will help.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the best kind around.
Breakfast Sandwiches That Make Us Wonder Why We Ever Eat Anything Else. Especially when biscuits are involved.
Food Tumblr. Please enjoy some totally unadulterated food gif bliss.
The Most Insane Dude Foods. Feast your eyes on some truly gluttonous creations.
Homecoming Meals. This Tasmanian Devil of a person let us know what his ideal Homecoming Meal would be.
Bocuse d'Or USA Look Back. This past year training and representing my country as the Bocuse d'Or candidate has been one of the most exciting of my life. It fostered an enormous sense of pride and community at The Greenbrier, allowed me to grow as a person and a chef.
Hearty And Healthy Winter Salads. Today
My First Time... (A Duck Confit Story). Years went by and no matter how many times friends and family tried convincing me that duck was actually very delicious, I could not be persuaded.
Oscars Feast 2013. Here it is, a full nine course meal, from snacks and cocktails, all the way to dessert and petit fours, with each course inspired by one of the 2013 Best Picture nominees.
Taste Science. What does coffee sound like?
HuffPost Tastemakers. We hope it's the best one yet!
HuffPost Tastemakers. We're very proud!
James Beard Foundation Announces 2013 Restaurant And Chef Semifinalists. Correction
An Oscars Menu Celebrating 50 Years Of James Bond. We've done all the recon, but the field work is up to you! Put your counter-intellegence to work, and throw a swinging bash!
Steak And Kidney Pie. I love kidneys. Particularly for breakfast, saut\u00e9ed in a knob of butter with a splash of sherry and then resting on a crisp English muffin.
McCurrywurst Time In Germany. McDonald's is hoping McCurrywurst will reenergize the chain's sales in Germany.
The Kid Snacks We Still Love To Eat As Adults (PHOTOS). Which childhood snacks have stood the test of time for you?
Loving My Neighborhood. Perhaps we are lazy and prefer not to leave the neighborhood, but I prefer to think that we simply have so many great places to eat that we need not go far.
Broccoli Cheese Puffs from Scratch. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I woke up on Super Bowl Sunday thinking about broccoli
Abraham Lincoln's Favorite Foods. Cakes Lincoln's second inaugural dinner (which hilariously evolved into a food fight), featured poultry, tarts, jellies, and
On (Not) Learning To Cook From Grandma. Nana, my mother's mother and uncontested matriarch of our brood, was probably an excellent cook.
Sweet Embrace - Chocolate-Dulce Sandwich Cookies. I offer you these chocolate creamy caramel bites--sweet hugs with warm wishes from me to you.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the easiest French dessert you can make.
Brioche Recipes That Make The Most Of This Buttery Bread. It turns into the best pastries and French toast.
Do Chefs Need Litmus Test To Claim Food Authenticity?. The idea that the \authentic\ in food is sort of a false one, full of imagined nostalgia.
9 Best Picture Themed Recipes For Oscar Night. In 2013, the best picture list is full of fun cuisines and themes to play up.
Presidents' Day Cocktails Celebrate The Favorite Drinks Of Our Leaders (PHOTOS). You might be surprised by some of our Presidents' favorite cocktails.
Banana Recipes. You meant well when you bought a bunch of firm, green bananas. You really did.
Get Down & Dirty With Kohlrabi. We might as well just say it
Don't Be Scared, It's Just An Artichoke. As the saying goes, all things worth having are worth fighting for.
A Cheese Plate Built For Two. It's a finger food and can lead to some awkward-yet-adorable Lady and the Tramp moments.
Two Fat Ladies. Thank you for being so fat, so lovely and so devilishly willing to tell a dirty joke.
A Healthy Leek Soup Recipe Your Kids Will Love (But Not Mine). Filled with simple, wholesome ingredients like fresh organic leeks, Russet potatoes and non-fat milk, I reasoned that it would be a dish that my kids would love. But they refused to try it. Actually, they ran from it like they would from a burning building. Here's why.
Oreo Recipes That Make Us Swoon For Cookies And Cream (PHOTOS). We're not even counting cookies and cream ice cream.
New Hot Sauce Trend. Just as the flames of the Sriracha trend have begun to die down, a new hot sauce trend has emerged
Recipe Of The Day. Orange and ice cream = awesomeness.
Crepe Recipes (PHOTOS). And all the ways you can fill them.
Cake Decorations. They're perfect for cake decorating.
Curry Winter Root Vegetable Fries. I made these curry-spiced parsnip and sweet potato fries on a whim one chilly afternoon.
Infographic. Behind the rise of the U.S. craft spirits industry.
Valentine's Day. We've decided to compile all the products and events that PR people pitched us for Valentine's Day in one fell swoop.
Heart-Shaped Dessert Recipes For Valentine's Day (PHOTOS). They may sound too cute to eat, but we assure you that is not the case.
The 20 Most Important Restaurants In America, According To Bon Appetit. Restaurants that are setting the tone for groundbreaking food throughout the country.
Microwave S'mores Maker By Progressive International Is Weirding Us Out (VIDEO). 'Can you believe it? S'mores indoors! And I didn't even need a fire to make them.'
Pizza Pancakes From Plain Chicken. Our only request for future iterations
Brooklyn Brew Kids. People have been making beer, or at least something resembling beer, since the dawn of civilization.
Why You Shouldn't Go Out To Eat On Valentine's Day. We just want to make sure you understand that you have options for Valentine's day.
Century Eggs. Etymology Century eggs have many names, including the aforementioned few. In China, they are sometimes referred to as \pine
Nespresso Kona Special Reserve Propels Single-Serve Coffee Into New Realm Of Expense. You can make a lot of money by assuming Americans are super lazy in the mornings.
10 Boozy Ways To Say, \I Love You\. Looking for that extra special something for your valentine this year? We say reach for the booze!
Drinks For A Holiday Meal. Wine, beer, and cider selections that perfectly complement holiday menus. Read more on realsimple.com
How To Buy Chocolate. Use these smart suggestions from Michelle Tampakis, resident chocolate expert at New York's Institute of Culinary Education
How To Buy Gourmet Coffee Beans. Does it matter if they're from Sumatra or Guatemala? While certain regions cultivate distinctive flavors, geography isn't
How To Buy A Great, Inexpensive Bottle Of Wine For Valentine's Day. It's easy! Here's a foolproof plan that will work even if you know nothing about wine. Read more on buzzfeed.com
How To Fill Cupcakes. Adorable filled cupcakes might seem like a project best left to the professionals, but let me reassure you that they're not
Dim Sum Guide. February marks both the Lunar New Year and National Hot Breakfast Month, and we've offered up warm and comforting recipes
Kyle Dreier's 'Pairings'. Food photographer Kyle Dreier makes his living shooting dishes and drinks for restaurants and chefs, but its one of his personal projects that recently caught our attention.
Il Caberlot. In the week we celebrate Valentine's Day it seems only fitting for a wine blog to acknowledge that the key ingredient in many of the world's most extraordinary wines is love.
Valentine's Cocktails. Just make sure you have a Valentine's cocktail ready to roll for your honey, your girlfriends or yourself. Here are a few of my favorites, colorful and tasty and sure to set hearts a-flutter.
Lay's 'Do Us A Flavor' Taste Test. How the new Lay's flavors stack up.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It looks really fresh.
Beyonce Sandwich Video Is Bootylicious, Texas Toast, Fried Chicken Magic. We are so, so ready for this particular jelly.
Cooking Off the Cuff. It seemed to me that its flavors - gin, Campari and Italian vermouth, plus a slice of orange as a garnish - lent themselves to sauce-making.
Valentine's Day Breakfast. They're easy to make, and are light, sweet, and buttery all at once
Aska Restaurant In Brooklyn Gets Pete Wells Review As Scandinavian Food Interest Grows. New York Times restaurant critic Pete Wells reviewed Aska, a Scandinavian restaurant in Brooklyn, in the newspaper's Dining
Restaurant Love. Eating could very well be the best aspect of travelling.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Topped with cucumber tzatziki sauce and tomatoes.
Chili Cheese Bacon Dog Chimichanga Is A Real Thing. What do you get when you deep fry a bacon chili cheese dog?
Food To Avoid On Valentine's Day. There are some menu choices we we would like to steer you away from.
Easy Dinner Recipe. The best dinner you can cook in under ten minutes.
Horsemeat As Beef Alternative. In a dingy Parisian back street, diners at a one-of-a-kind bistro tuck lustily into breaded horse brain, pan fried heart of horse and broiled cheek, along with prime rump steaks the chef cuts from the bone himself.
Age Your Own Whiskey Kit. With an age your own whiskey kit.
Missy Robbins Wins Cochon 555 New York 2013, Beats Out 5 Other Female Chefs. On Sunday, A Voce chef Missy Robbins won this year's Cochon 555 competition in New York. That's not so surprising
Wines for Valentines. Whoever came up with that catchy phrase about 'the way to a person's heart is through their stomach' was mostly right. Add wine into the mix and you've really got it made.
HuffPost Tastemakers. He sure does know how to eat.
QR Code Sushi Celebrates Moshi Moshi's Partnership With MSC (VIDEO). Seriously, is there anything more heartwarming than an elated sushi chef?
Beyond Chocolate, Create Valentine's Day Aphrodisiacs. Connections between food and sex are so ordinary that they have come to be a clich\u00e9.
Tomato Soup Recipes. Ahem
School Lunch Project. Have you ever had your kids go nuts for a dish you thought wouldn't go over so well? You know what I mean -- you decide to try a new recipe from a cookbook, Pinterest or your favorite blog and everyone loved it!
Mac And Cheese. How to melt cheese?? Guys. Let's take a few deep breaths.
Oscar-Nominated Guacamole Video (VIDEO). We always thought guacamole deserved an award.
Oyster Toastie. Utter decadence. Big, fat juicy oysters in a tangy, creamy sauce oozing out of a freshly baked and then broiled buttery roll.
Chinese New Year Treat With A Wild Translation. During my eight years in Taiwan, I learned to adore Chinese food in all its permutations. One sweet snack I loved in particular would start showing up in the local pastry shops as Chinese New Year rolled around.
Sazerac Recipe. The Sazerac cocktail enjoyed a long run as the supposed 'first cocktail ever.'
Chocolate Cheesecake Hot Tamale Bars. Personally, I use this holiday to surround myself with chocolate.
Most Romantic Cities To Dine In (PHOTOS). Do you live in one of them?
Dessert Preferences. The important differences between men and woman... when it comes to dessert.
Recipe Of The Day. With a hint of rosemary.
Snow Recipes. My kids have been going WILD for Strawberry snow ice cream this year. I think I made it once last year and apparently they remembered!
Valentine's Day Cocktail Recipes To Mix For The Ones You Love. If sickly sweet, bright pink cocktails terrify you, these are your recipes.
Valentine's Recipes. All of them worth staying home for.
Stuff Each Other's Faces. Flowers are stupid Valentine's Day gifts because you can't eat (most of) them and it's unsatisfying to do a late-night jewelry binge. No, in 2013, the only way to impress that special someone is with calories, carbohydrates, non-GMO whole grains, and non-irradiated spices.
Valentine's Day Drinking. Some of our expert tips on how to joyfully imbibe without feeling like a garbage can.
Rose Recipes And Other Floral Desserts For Valentine's Day. Skip the bouquets and petal-laden bubble baths, and put your roses to a better use.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Craig Deihl sheds some insight on these blades.
On the Road Again. Staying healthy while on the road has been a theme for me lately. Whether you are a frequent flyer, or just need a little extra inspiration, here are a few tips I picked up recently that will help to make traveling and eating healthfully easier to pull off.
The Best Lambrusco And Sparkling Red Wines. We tasted them so you don't have to. (Wait, you wanted to?)
Juicer Types. All juicers are not created equal.
Valentine's Dinner Stress. How to plan your meal, cook it and try to enjoy it all at the same time.
Fairy Cakes. Hint
Aphrodisiac Recipes To Make For Valentine's Day (PHOTOS). It's hard to talk about Valentine's Day without everyone's favorite thing to giggle about.
20 Breadless, Gluten-Free Sandwiches Of All Kinds. If you are allergic to gluten, or are simply avoiding it, lunch isn't always so easy.
Mousse Recipes. Chocolate, double chocolate and more.
A Culinary Equation. Ramen may seem like just a basic noodle soup, but the crazy amount of work that goes into creating the silky pork broth, light noodles and marinated eggs is mind blowing. We traveled to Ramen Tatsu-Ya to break down this classic Japanese comfort food.
Sulfites Added to Wine. Even in the world of organic wines, there is a spectrum. You can have many spirited conversations (pun intended) about how \pure\ pure can be, and now natural a wine might be. How do you determine if the sulfites in wine are causing headaches?
Bacon Dominion. They were making ice cream with liquid nitrogen last night at San Francisco's One Market, as the glamorous Michelin-starred San Francisco restaurant celebrated its 20th anniversary.
Cupcake Wipes. And that's a pretty good thing.
Get Down & Dirty With Brussels Sprouts. There's a lingering stereotype about brussels sprouts that says they're mushy, funky, and to be avoided. Not so!
10 Ways To Glam Up Onions. Any time we're in the kitchen, we're usually chopping onions for something
Daily Diets. My bodybuilding experience enables me to prepare my body for the enormous amounts of food I can take in during an eating contest and also how to deal with the aftermath in the most efficient manner possible.
Is A Wine Aerator Worth It? Our Decanting Taste Test. We are total weirdos who like to make each other blindly taste wine and report back.
HuffPost Tastemakers. You should see this.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We always knew he had talent.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's what we all really want.
Breakfast Sausage Recipes So Good They'll Make You Forget All About Bacon. We think that sometimes it outshines its crispier relative -- bacon.
Quick Dinner Recipe. It's faster than waiting for delivery.
5 Delicious Dark Rum Cocktails. We know what you're thinking, but fear not! This isn't a list of tooth-achingly sweet drinks you'd find only on a cruise ship.
Gin Cocktails. Don't get us wrong
Learn About The Different Types Of Gin. Vodka-based cocktails may have dominated the '90s and early '00s, but nowadays it seems that gin is the spirit of the moment
How Safe Is Your Kitchen?. Myth
Recipe Of The Day. With kale and scallions, this rice is a healthy option.
McDonald's Hash Brown. What kind of magic holds those perfectly diced pieces of potato together?
Exotic Meats That Taste Like Chicken. There are more than you'd think.
Tropical Cocktails For The Winter Blues. Flakes and Flurries Falling... and its Freezing! Time to bring a little sunshine in and visit the tropics, via the bar, of course.
Beer Hotel. A German vacation is bound to elicit dreams of frothy, heavy beers.
Cookie Butter Recipe. Cookie butter is pretty much exactly what it sounds like -- a spread with the consistency of nut butters, but composed of cookies instead.
Easy Fixes For 8 Common Kitchen Mishaps. How to salvage overcooked chicken, a crumbly cake, mushy vegetables, and more. Read more on realsimple.com
10 Organic Foods That Aren\u2019t Worth Buying. Don't have the money to go completely organic? Find out which non-organic foods are safest to eat. Why Buy Organic? The benefits
Food Bloggers. You should become familiar with all of them.
Carry Your Six-Pack In Style. And leave the cardboard carrier at home.
HuffPost Tastemakers. They serve meyer lemon tempura!
A Steakhouse-Worthy Valentine's Day Menu. We understand the allure of a steakhouse dinner on Valentine's Day
Plantain Recipes That Go Beyond Tostones And Maduros (PHOTOS). For a lot of cultures, a meal without a plantain is a somewhat unimaginable occurrence.
Souffle Recipes To Make For Dessert (PHOTOS). Shake things up with an unconventional option such as Nutella or applesauce.
Poutine Week Montreal, Smothered With Creativity. If there is one food item synonymous with the province of Quebec and the city of Montreal, it's poutine. Poutine is a dish that marries a great deal of fries, squeaky cheese curds, and ladles of gravy sauce. Some people think the combination is disgusting, but a majority of Quebecers think it's the holy grail of all dishes.
Anatomy Of An Italian Meal. Meals are a multi-course affair that tends to expand and contract as needed. You can be assured that there will be at least three courses, maybe two, but never just one plate.
Old Bay. I didn't actually realize the depths to which I loved Old Bay until a I had a shrimp boil without it.
The Well Dressed Nut. I will admit, I'm not the biggest nut person. I rarely crave them. In fact, I don't seek them out. Nuts, in general, don't make it into my pantry as a snack.
A Love Letter To Peanut Butter (PHOTOS). Spread the love.
Recipe Of The Day. It's not quite pudding and it's not quite cake
Easy Egg Recipes. Dinners as simple as eggs poached in tomato sauce or fried amid cheese and bread can hit the spot.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Richard Blais travels in style.
How Restaurants Lose Their Soul To 'Hottest Chef'. \Vote for the best bartender!\ Everyone in the restaurant industry was asking friends to vote. At least those categories were based on food. But the contest that pushed me over the edge was named \The Hottest Chef.\
HuffPost Tastemakers. We've got some you have to try.
The Last Supper, As Told By Instagram. It's hard to imagine what dinner looked like before the days of Instagram.
The Foods You Hate, But Everyone Else Seems To Love. There are people on this earth who hate cake. They've bravely agreed to confess.
Pork Desserts. One day two weeks ago at Dry Creek Kitchen in Healdsburg, Calif., I ate rich, chewy, bacon-studded chocolate-chip candy bars and aromatic, melt-in-the-mouth chocolate truffles topped with pulverized chicharrones.
Valentine's Cards For Food Lovers. If food be the food of love...
Why Open-Mouth Chewing Makes Us Crazy. We're not sticklers for etiquette, but we are committed to the enjoyment of our eating experience.
Marzipan Recipes (PHOTOS). While marzipan isn't as popular in the U.S. as it is in Europe, we're starting a personal campaign to fix this grave oversight
Recipe Of The Day. They're just as good as English muffins.
Avocado Brownies. Are these amazing? Are they an abomination? Are they, somehow, both? Let us know what you think in the comments!
7 Hot And Healthy Valentine's Day Dinner Recipes. This Valentine's Day, I've put together some dishes that will delight the palate and the waistline.
13 Sea Salt Dessert Recipes. A pinch can also be added to chocolatey, and even fruity desserts for a surprising kick.
Poutine. However we like our poutine, we agree on three things
School Lunch Project. I refuse to order fried chicken that arrives in a box, at room temperature and with no other fresh ingredients for my daughter's lunch. Instead, I make my own baked chicken strips one night every few weeks. I hope your family enjoys them as much as she does.
Three Ways To Cook One Tough Radish. We have relationships with food all the time, believe it or not. This post is dedicated to a newer friend, or food, of mine, which I find terribly gruff, abrasive and difficult to love
HuffPost Tastemakers. Warning
HuffPost Tastemakers. It'll warm you up faster than hot chocolate.
Guantanamo Food. GUANTANAMO BAY NAVY BASE, Cuba -- Journalists visiting Guantanamo Bay for the military commissions are now allowed to roam
Wheat Thins Recipe. A handful is great for holding off hunger, and a plateful is perfect for entertaining when coupled with fresh cheeses and spreads.
Recipe Of The Day. We'll take any excuse to eat waffles
Cut The Salt. Why should we help our children develop a taste for salty foods that is not good for their health and influences their eating patterns for life? There is research to suggest that when children have high salt intake it may predispose them to the development of high blood pressure.
25 Green Chile Recipes To Spice Up Your Life. Be forewarned -- once you start adding green chile to everything, it's really hard to stop.
How To Prevent Cookies From Spreading. There's no better mood-dampener than to have your much-anticipated cookie-fest interrupted by a baking error. Which is why we're here to help you fix it.
Crab Recipes. There's so much more to crab than crab cakes.
Chocolate-Flavored Envelopes Get Us Into The Valentine's Day Spirit (PHOTO). These envelopes are so sweet. No, literally, they are chocolate-flavored.
Everything Delicious You Can Do With English Muffins (RECIPES). We never turn our noses up at something so exceptionally good at soaking up butter and jam.
On Snake And Tradition - Ginger 'Nian Gao' Aka Ginger Mochi Cannel\u00e9s. The traditional holiday dishes fare bountiful, with each representing either prosperity, wealth, health, longevity, or some other desirable outcome.
Game Day Recipe. Lara Ferroni shows us how to make a smooth and creamy nacho cheese dip and pickled jalapenos in a flash.
Rutabaga Recipes. You've definitely seen a rutabaga before, but you might have mistaken it for a turnip.
How To Make Homemade Pasta In A Paper Shredder (VIDEO). You'll never believe what office appliance comes to the rescue.
Azalina. Azalina Eusope lives thousands of miles from where she grew up, but her infectious spirit and almost-staggering immigrant work ethic are introducing hungry Californians to the cuisine of Malaysia, one spice at a time.
Super Bowl Cocktails. The big game is days away and with the menu of wings, cheese dip, and taco bars all set, now you need cocktails that will have the crowd really cheering!
Super Bowl Cupcakes In A Football Egg (PHOTO). This recipe needs to be made for the Super Bowl.
Plush Toy Food By Steff Bomb On Etsy Is Completely Adorable (PHOTOS). [via The Awesomer] Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Some days
Recipe. This year's Super Bowl takes place in New Orleans, so we're planning on serving a few Gulf-inspired offerings, like these bite-sized oyster nuggets.
Baked Potato Eggs From Gimme Some Oven Are Amazing (PHOTO). Oh, and there's bacon in them. A++.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Ottolenghi sure knows how to eat.
The Best Canned Tomato Soup. The good, the bad and the downright disgusting.
5 Tricks for Tasting Food Like a Master Chef. Like many people, I'd watched the Food Network for 1-2 hours a night after work to unwind, but I'd never made a single dish. If I was going to be using ingredients, I needed to be able to recall them like song lyrics. I needed a working vocabulary.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And it's a beautiful thing.
Sweet Potatoes Stuffed With Black Bean Salsa - The Lemon Bowl. When it comes to creating a nutritious meal that is also packed with flavor, I love stuffing sweet potatoes. Not only are they loaded with vitamins and nutrients, but they make the perfect edible bowl for anything from turkey chili to the spicy black bean salsa.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And we don't mean the chocolates.
Recipe. When it comes to guacamole upgrades, we used to think that we had seen it all, but we were happily proven wrong.
FOOD PORN. We, the American people, have advanced Super Bowl cuisine to astounding heights.
Daily Diets. But great food reminds me to keep both feet planted on the ground, preferably next to a patch of turnips.
Neapolitan Recipes That Are As Beautiful As They Are Delicious. So many glorious ways with chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.
15 Game-Day Dips And Finger Foods. Food is the most important part of any game-day celebration, and you can never have too many dips or finger foods.
Recipe Of The Day. They're perfect for dinner.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It looks as good as it sounds.
Best Super Bowl Chicken Wings And Beers. Chickens are footballs, except for the wings. And that's why when we watch football, we eat chicken wings.
Your Own Kitchen, A Chez Sardine. Named after the Italian island Sardinina, sardines are definitely the herring family's hippest and healthiest member. A frequent ingredient in Mediterranean and Italian cooking, they offer a briny, salty burst of flavor that enriches many a dish.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's swirly and has chocolate.
Grenadine Recipe. Once you make your own, you'll never go back.
Junipero Gin By Anchor Distilling Company Is Getting Us Through Winter. If you've fallen in love with herbaceous, bracing gin, this is your logical next step.
Stroopwafel Caramel Cupcakes. If you have never had a stroopwafel, stop right now and run to the store. You need to enjoy the amazing flavor and chewiness of this foreign treat.
6 Simple Super Bowl Recipes. We've pulled together half a dozen of our favorite, no-fuss food and drink recipes that will help ensure victory on game day
8 Off-Beat Food Tips To Consider For A Potentially Longer Lifespan. All you coffee addicts chugging espressos like shots of vodka are probably going to live longer than the rest of us.
Valentine's Day Chocolates. Valentines day is nearly upon us, and in my books it is the best time to give and (definitely) receive lots of delicious chocolate. Here are some of my favourite chocolates to inspire you - enjoy!
Pistachio Recipes For Dessert (PHOTOS). The rest of your desserts will be (less) green with envy.
Sub Sandwich Recipes Are Made For Game Day (PHOTOS). Game day just wouldn't be as good without them.
Your Super Bowl Drink. Despite the constant stream of TV ads, beer is not the drink you should serve your friends and family on Super Bowl Sunday.
29 Spaghetti Squash Recipes That Prove It Could Be The Greatest Squash Of All. Yes, it's healthy -- but it's so much more than a substitute.
This Fortune Cookie Coin Purse By Diana Eng Might Be In Our Future (PHOTO). 'Like real fortune cookies, Fortune Cookie Coin Purse is made in the USA.'
HuffPost Tastemakers. And we don't want it to ever end.
Marc Murphy's Super Bowl Recipes. Hand-held snacks are imperative for football-watching. How else are you going to satisfy your hunger in a way that doesn't distract from the very important tasks of watching, rooting, cheering and critiquing?
Best New Beers 2012. More than 13,000  worldwide breweries were considered for these awards, yet eight of the top ten beers were all from the same new brewery.
Persimmon Obsession. Although you can eat persimmons alone when they are perfectly ripe, just like you'd eat apples, they also taste great in salads, baked goods and pureed in desserts.
Cooking Off The Cuff. I always think of a vegetable stock I once made with too much celery - you could barely taste any other ingredient. The other day, though, I thought I'd let it run riot over a pot of braised lamb shanks.
Chawanmushi. This Japanese egg dish is magic trick, hidden in a small cup.
Recipe Of The Day. With orange essence and fresh fruit on top.
Angel Wing Sugar Cubes Are Too Adorable To Eat (PHOTO). You'll have a hard time bringing yourself to use them.
Cinnamon Roll And Sticky Bun Recipes To Make Mornings Sweeter. Waking up isn't so hard when there's a breakfast pastry waiting for you.
Game Day Recipe. As Game Day draws near, our thoughts and appetites turn towards crowd-pleasing snacks that excited hands can grab with eyes still locked on the screen, foods that don't take much concentration to eat and don't require a circus-caliber balancing act to get the food from the plate to your mouth without a drip or a drop (we're looking at you, salsa).
In-Your-Face Thai Hot Dips For The Super Bowl. These vegetables and dips are usually served as part of a full meal, but in a non-Thai setting they work well as finger foods to go with drinks.
Burrito Recipes That'll Convince You Homemade Is Better Than Chipotle. These are better than Chipotle, guys.
Oxtail Recipes (PHOTOS). Oxtail is not the most popular cut of meat out there, but it's definitely a perfect one to be enjoying during the winter
Heartbreak Recovery Kitchen. Soothing, comforting therapy, there is no escaping the healing qualities of food.
It's Time To Get Your Salsa Recipe Playbook In Order (PHOTOS). When you make your own salsa, you control the flavor -- you can even toss some fruit in there.
How To Drink From The Carton. Some guidance is required.
Apple And Carrot Soup With Cilantro-Peanut Chutney. The soup by itself is very delicious but it gets a pretty bold kick of heat from the Thai chili peppers in the crunchy peanut and cilantro chutney.
How to Record Your Culinary History (Before It's Too Late). You don't need to be a professional writer to record your own family history and recipes. Just spend some time with the person who cooks your favorite dishes.
11 Amazing Things You Can Do With Ramen Noodles. There's just something irresistible about those squiggly little curly noodles in that briny broth.
The Best Cheddar Cheese. You'll be surprised which brand of supermarket cheddar consistently ranked at the bottom of our test.
Pasta Fix. Unless you're craving the soggy-noodled chicken soup from your childhood days, overcooked pasta does not make for an enjoyable dinner experience.
Super Bowl Food Deathmatch 2013. We are here for the game day snacks, people.
Recipe Of The Day. This recipe is also topped with a bourbon-rosemary sauce.
2013 Cocktail Trends. To find out what 2013 holds for the world of cocktails, bars and spirits, Food & Wine interviewed bartenders from across the country, who predict a world of restrained and sophisticated low-alcohol cocktails, tequila at brunch and tableside drink service.
Shepherd's Pie Recipes (PHOTOS). It's the dish you should be making right now.
Chiquita Banana Cookbook From '40s Is Bizarre (PHOTOS). At the time of the book's publication, bananas were still considered an \exotic\ fruit, and weren't commonly sought-after.
Apparently Chinese Food Takeout Boxes Unfold Into Plates. No more getting the sides of your hands greasy digging deep into a takeout box, no more pouring food into\u00a0unnecessary\u00a0communal plates, just fold the takeout box' sides down and get right to grubbin'.
Do Me a Favor. Stop Buying Bad Coffee.. Dark roast is terrible in more ways than one. Sorry folks. Your oily, burnt French and Italian roasts are the antithesis of what today's coffee should be. It's not your fault that you've been told to enjoy this stuff for so long.
Quick Dinner Recipes. Who know something so easy could taste this good.
Celeriac Recipes. Allow us to introduce you to our other favorite part of the celery plant
Changing Eating Habits One Bite At A Time. Change is a process, so why would anyone expect overnight success?
School Lunch Project. When it comes to packing fresh fruit in our children's school lunch, the difficulty often lies in how to pack it so it stays fresh through the lunch hour and making sure it doesn't go to waste.
12 Amazing South Indian Breakfasts. Old men sipping at small glasses of sweet milky coffee, foamed up to perfection by pouring it from one cup to another. They stand at tables, eating Khara Bath, Kesari Bath, Chow Chow Bath, and so many other breakfasts.
Easy Homemade Yogurt With Bananas Foster. I'd been wanting to make homemade yogurt for years.  After much trial and error, I finally figured it out and found the perfect recipe for me
Best Ever Banana Pancakes. The recipe, believe it or not, is adapted from a children's cookbook, which says nothing of how good they are but definitely proves how easy they are to make.
25 Recipes That'll Remind You That You Actually LOVE Muffins. Breakfast of champions.
Death Star Ice Cube Mold Will Make Your Whiskey Extra Imposing (PHOTO). Are you in need of an ice cube that will strike fear in the hearts of your enemies?
Recipe Of The Day. Even if it isn't summer yet, you still deserve a good burger.
Kitchenware Map Makes The Best Poster Art. Who knew a map could look so cute.
HuffPost Tastemakers. We wish we were invited.
Taylor Swift, Diet Coke Pen Endorsement Deal, AdAge Reports [UPDATE]. AdAge reports that Taylor Swift has inked an endorsement deal with her favorite soda, Diet Coke, making her a brand ambassador
HuffPost Tastemakers. Mortadella, merguez and more.
The Burger Recipes You Want And Need. It's burger season, guys.
Restaurant Trends For 2013. While pizza, cupcakes and burgers seem to be invincible, other food trends rise and fall.
India Food Porn. With so much beauty and filth, food and poverty, happiness and stress, India is an overwhelming (and wonderful) place to film
Singular Sensation. We experienced mango, passion fruit, coconut, egg custards, multiple mousses, many types of mochi--and daily samplings of flakey pastries and airy cakes.
Academy Awards Food. Behind the mysterious snack featured in Silver Linings Playbook.
Durkee Sauce. Next time your deviled eggs need a little shake up, Durkee Sauce is the way to go.
The Best Mac & Cheese In America. Every chef has a version of ultra-comforting macaroni and cheese, with nuances ranging from how many gooey cheeses can fit into a single batch to crunchy toppings like sourdough bread crumbs.
Homemade Peanut Butter Granola. Break cooled granola into pieces -- store in an air tight container. Check out my blog for more recipes!
Colorful Cake Recipes. Including indigo AND violet.
Looking Ahead. While we set out on the dining adventure that's to be 2013, it's always fun to speculate where that adventure will lead. Here's what some of the major news outlets around the country are predicting.
Best Restaurant Cities. Maybe... San Francisco? New York? New Orleans? All are great cities for dining, with some of the most acclaimed and beloved
Andy Warhol's Cookbook Illustrations (PHOTOS). This could explain his fascination with Campbell's Soup cans.
The Best Carrot Recipes For Every Single Meal (PHOTOS). You just cannot put a carrot in a recipe situation where it won't fit in nicely.
How Big Soda Co-Opted the NAACP and Hispanic Federation. It seems unconscionable that the NAACP and the Hispanic Federation are supporting Big Soda rather than their constituents' health -- particularly when their communities have been disproportionately impacted by obesity and related chronic disease like diabetes, heart disease, asthma and certain cancers.
Paper Straws In The Best Patterns (PHOTOS). And they'd have even more fun in your cocktail.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the best way to bake this British pastry.
Trongs. Never worry about getting buffalo sauce on your hands again.
How To Crack Pistachios. Never break your nails opening these nuts again.
25 Gluten-Free Desserts You'll Actually Want To Eat. These dessert recipes are delicious first, gluten free second.
Stuffed Chicken And Stuffed Tenderloin Recipes. The holidays aren't the only time when it's acceptable to stuff your meaty entrees with breads, sauces and veggies.
10 Winter Comfort Foods. Let's just resolve to make some comfort food, shall we?
French Cream Puff Video From Dalloyau In Paris Is So Dreamy. Seriously, this is what our dreams look like.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's so pretty, we almost don't want to eat it -- almost.
High-Fructose Corn Syrup Consumption Plummets In America Amid Backlash. Americans consumed less high-fructose corn syrup in 2011 than at any point since 1997, Bloomberg reported this week. The
Get Down & Dirty With Sweet Potatoes And Yams. Native to Central and South America, sweet potatoes are one of the oldest cultivated crops in the world -- going as far back as 8000 BC!
Recipe. Mozzarella is one of God's greatest creations. I recently spent some time with Chef Giulio Adriani from Forcella and watched him make mozzarella from scratch. This is his best outline of how to do it.
5 Old Fashioneds You Need To Try. The name Old Fashioned refers to the original concept for a cocktail, which was first defined in 1806 as a combination of water, sugar, liquor (not just whiskey) and bitters.
The 11 Most Annoying Things Waiters Do At Restaurants. It's hard being a waiter. The pay can be low, the hours are long and certain customers can be especially irritating. On the
HuffPost Tastemakers. A crock pot full of queso!
Easy Vegan (Dairy-Free) Nachos. Here's an easy recipe to whip up just in time for the Super Bowl. It's gluten-free, vegan and dairy-free. Dig in!
HuffPost Tastemakers. His chocolate macaron look amazing.
Game Day Recipe. Like no taco you've ever seen, it features creamy, crispy breaded avocado at center stage, supported by a sesame cabbage slaw, cilantro-kissed crema, and simmered pinto beans.
Sweet, Chewy Peanut Butter Brownie With Chocolate Chips Recipe. If you have a party to go to in the future, or if you're, you know, just sitting around on your couch all day, you need to make these.
Oatmeal Raisin Ballet Flats (PHOTO). That's one expensive cookie.
Horseradish Recipes (PHOTOS). All of them perfectly spicy.
Marcus Samuelsson And Eric Ripert Talk Red Rooster, Aquavit And More (VIDEO). Yes, yes he did.
Celery Recipes That Are Freakishly Delicious (PHOTOS). Think of all the times it's sat sadly next to your Buffalo wings, lonely and jealous.
Without Real Change, New Coke Ad Bubbles With Hypocrisy. If Coca-Cola is serious about making a genuine contribution to solving the nation's obesity epidemic, here are seven steps that will put substance behind their latest campaign.
The 5 Best Gluten-Free Super Bowl Bites. The Super Bowl is not the most gluten-free friendly of events. But since eating salad and Kind bars might get you even more flack than cheering for the wrong team, I've put together some gluten-free Super Bowl options that are simple to make at home.
Puff Pastry Recipes For Appetizers, Pizzas And Dinners. It's not just for baking sweets.
Exercise Bacon Shirt Has Given Us A New Work-Out Plan (PHOTO). We really like bacon, and we think that this t-shirt has a point. Linguistically speaking.
Cooking Off The Cuff. The onion-pear sauce for this pot-roasted pork has its origins in an imprecise recollection that has been rattling around in my memory since some time in the late 1990s or very early 2000s.
The Cannoli Mystique. Now, this may sound crazy, but here's where I think adding chocolate chips makes sense, mostly because they temper the cloying sweetness and add some much-needed texture. Otherwise, you just have mouthful after mouthful of clumps of cream and shards of shell.
School Lunch Project. What kinds of thoughts come to mind when I say, ramen noodle soup? Late-night college snack? In-case-of-emergency shelf stable food? How about a staple in many school cafeterias? We created a healthy ramen noodle soup recipe kids will love.
Spicy Soup Recipes To Warm You Up This Winter (PHOTOS). Every culture has its favorite spicy soup, and we want to eat every single one of them.
Stumptown Coffee Gives Us A Look Behind The Scenes (VIDEO). Is this gorgeous video very close to being a \Portlandia\ sketch? Yes, completely.
Easy Pasta Recipe Takes Less Than 10 Minutes. Pasta, both warm and easy to prepare, makes for the perfect cold weather food.
Stress-Free Soup From Scratch. When you have everything you need on hand, making soup from scratch is easy.
Avocado Egg Recipe. Would this recipe make for a pleasant fusion of flavors, or a weird, mushy concoction?
How To Maintain A Sourdough Starter. Sourdough starters have a reputation for being high-maintenance. There are many different feeding methods out there, and the multitude of options and schedules can overwhelm. However, once you've mastered your routine, a starter is a completely manageable addition to your kitchen.
Bob's Burger Of The Day Tumblr Is Delightful (PHOTOS). An animated series about a family that owns a burger shop? We're in.
Cake Fix. Step one
Lost Recipes. I try to remind myself how she did it. Was it a pinch of thyme or oregano? When did she add the olive oil to the lentils? Some of the dishes almost bear her culinary signature. But of course none of them taste exactly the same.
Dunk Oreos With A Fork. You don't have to get your fingers dirty with this trick.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And it's a good one.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It looks so good we'd walk through a blizzard for a slice.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Thanks to Joe Campanale for giving us a glimpse.
21 Better Ways To Eat Spinach Artichoke Dip, If That's Even Possible. We've basically spent the last few weeks dreaming about new ways to use this dip.
Onion Rings Recipes (PHOTOS). Whether you like them beer-battered, cornmeal crusted or baked.
Why Whiskey Stones, Balls And Rocks Will Never Be Better Than Ice. Sit down and enjoy your whiskey the way it was meant to be drunk. On ice.
In the Kitchen with Ludo. It was a bit surreal to find myself standing with Ludo Lefebvre, a top chef, and have him ask me to separate dozens and dozens for a multi-course dinner for 80 people.
50 Shades Of Ham And Cheese. Here is my latest creation, a ham-and-cheese cocktail that I can't decide whether to call a Manhamtan, a Cheesy Mary or a Hamlet. I was inspired to create it after attending a very educational ham-and-cheese evening last Friday hosted by TV celebrity chef Joanne Weir.
How Many Tablespoons In A Cup. How many cups in a gallon? How many tablespoons in a cup? Oh, lovely!
How To Make Stock At Home And Take The Stress Out Of It. Think making your own stock is complicated? Think again.
Caramel Coated Cheetos From Instructables. Buttery and sweet on the outside, salty and crispy on the inside. They have to be good.
The Best Nachos Recipes You'll Ever Find. You think you know how much we love nachos, but you actually have no idea.
Chicken Wings Recipes. And we kind of like it.
Expiration Dates For 23 Types Of Food. These 23 foods are good past their expiration dates.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Allain Allegretti eats a beautiful plate of fruit.
HuffPost Tastemakers. It's the best Pes dispenser we've ever seen.
Kitchen Tools. In case you think a regular knife just won't do.
Scorpions, Tarantulas, Deodorant, Oh My! The Most Disgusting Foods and Eating Challenges on YouTube. From challenges like eating 50 garlic cloves or taking down a complete stick of deodorant, to Bear Grylls downing larvae to a young girl with a taste for praying mantis, all of your favorites are here.
12 Surprising Secrets About Eggs (Like What Those Red Spots REALLY Are). They're funny little things. They're not quite round. They're packed with protein. They're really messy if you break them.
A New Borscht Recipe. Get your borscht on, guys. It's fun, we promise.
Perfect One-Pot Dinner for Cold Nights (VIDEO). Full of spices that will warm you up on a cold night, the stew uses accessible yet still exotic flavors like ginger, cumin, cinnamon, nutmeg and cayenne pepper.
Recipe Of The Day. You can never get enough spinach.
Yogurt Recipe. This has the potential to be delicious.
Potato Skin Recipes Just Keep Getting Better (PHOTOS). In all kinds of exciting new flavors.
Get Down & Dirty With Dark Leafy Greens. We're taking a nose dive into the salad bowl with a half-dozen varieties of dark leafy greens.
Laurie David Talks Beyonce's Pepsi Deal On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). But in her appearance on HuffPost Live, a clip of which is embedded above, David was as committed as ever to her viewpoint
Chef Josh Marks Has Skills. Chef Josh Marks, also known as \The seven foot Chef,\ is taking America by storm with his passion for the culinary arts and his ability to make food taste better and be healthier for all of us who to love to eat.
Cheesecake Bar Recipe Includes Kit-Kats. Harkening back to the chocolate-filled days of childhood.
29 Sliders Recipes For The Super Bowl. The beauty of these mini burgers is, of course, that you can eat a lot of them.
How We Handle Cooking Disasters And What We've Learned. We all mess up sometimes in the kitchen, and when we fail, we fail hard.
The Daily Menu Of An Olympic Gold Medalist. Wine and pastries are a-okay.
5 Mesmerizing Mezcal Cocktails. For decades, the liquor has been maligned, but the real stuff, hailing mostly from the Mexican state of Oaxaca, can have wonderfully intense smoky notes and is an increasingly popular cocktail ingredient.
How To Cook Up A Recipe Video On Vimeo. Vimeo's Video School shares the most important tips and tricks for your delicious video.
Music & Food Affect Your Mood. \Music and food have a similar affect on us. They are both nourishing-make us happy, give us energy, are soothing, help us focus, improve our memory, and have the power to heal.\
10 Warm Salads. We're turning to warm salads this January
All The Recipes You Need To Get More Pickles In Your Life. Are you ready for this?
The Domo Toaster Has Arrived (PHOTO). Imagine the possibilities, Domo waffles, Domo burger buns, Domo English muffins.
HuffPost Tastemakers. Horchata cake truffles!
HuffPost Tastemakers. He's found two bottles worth being excited about.
Recipe Of The Day. With bread crumbs and parmesan to boot.
Lasagna Pie Recipe (PHOTOS). This one is epic.
HuffPost Tastemakers. This is some serious work.
How To Write On A Cake. Never again let your cake look like a 5-year-old worked on it.
Potato Recipes. Each and everyone of them are worth a try.
HuffPost Tastemakers. And he spies some interesting things.
'What Did You Buy Today?'. For the last 6 years, Kate has illustrated every purchase -- from grilled cheese to thumbtacks.
Recipe Of The Day. Thinly shaved, with lemon, parsley and chives.
'Imitation Calamari' Investigated By 'This American Life,' Suggested To Have Dubious, Pork-Based Origin. FSIS requires that products we inspect, including those derived from pork, must be accurately labeled and cannot purport
Underberg. We recommend that you not venture into a big dinner party without it ever again.
Relent To These Lentils. You might resolve to make them once a week as a vegetarian respite from other omnivore endeavors.
Cooking Off the Cuff. It was clearly an onion soup, and it was clearly a mushroom soup
'A Year In Burgundy'. David Kennard leans lovingly over the glass before him, which is filled with the somber beauty of a vintage French pinot noir. We spent one full year with people who make wine like no one else in the world,\ he says, \and that's how we filmed A Year in Burgundy.\
Grumpy Cat Mug Features Irritable Likeness Of Tardar Sauce (PHOTO). Holding this up to your face each morning will serve as a warning to morning people.
Vintage Cookbook. No wedding cake, plum pudding or alcohol allowed!
Palm Heart Recipes (PHOTOS). They're good for so much more than just salad.
Steer Away From Big-Box Wine. Doing the research, finding the bottles on your own, and taking chances can reward an array of experiences and beautiful wine.
Warm Up With A Winter Beer. As the weather gets cold, the shelves start to fill with this season's winter beer selections. But what exactly is winter beer?
Chowdahs Call for the Best Bivalves. Bivalves are shellfish consisting of two hinged shells and a soft body, such as oysters, mussels, clams, and scallops.
7 Weekday Breakfast Recipes. Breakfast may be the most important meal of the day, but we seldom treat it as such.
Great Cheeses For Sparkling Wines. Sparkling wines and cheese are truly one of the most romantic meals one can indulge in. Creamy and sensual it's a special treat that is best for only the most decadent of occasions.
HuffPost Tastemakers. One of them is topped with pistachio pesto (YUM!).
HuffPost Tastemakers. He's making the biggest batch of risotto we've ever seen.
Chemex Coffeemaker. That's right. My new coffeemaker is a work of art.
Bacon And Eggs Candy Is Adorable (PHOTO). And even easier to make than real bacon and eggs.
Super Bowl Foods. Don't throw a Super Bowl party without at least one of these sweet treats.
Where's The Star Of The Show?. So Chef - when I put my dinner in your hands, don't crowd the stage with supporting actors. Please give me a well-executed entree; a star - recommended for my tastes by your kitchen.  And then if your star does its job - I'm sure to remember it.
Get Down & Dirty With Celeriac. Covered in hairy roots and clods of dirt, it's like the hobbit of the vegetable world. Give it some time, though, and it'll pay you back
Recipe Of The Day. This soba noodle recipe is packed with bright flavors from garlic, lime and cilantro and is topped with shrimp for extra
Swedish Punsch. That is not a typo, do not adjust your screen -- we're talking 'punsch,' not 'punch.'
17 Queso Recipes Your Life Absolutely Needs. We are equal queso opportunists, and with these recipes, we think you will be too.
Mini Pancakes From Germany Are Tiny And Delicious. They're made in a muffin tin!
Japanese Omiyage Tradition Is A Gift For Food Lovers. Omiyage is the tradition of gift-giving that permeates Japanese culture. Holiday celebrations. Business meetings. Travel abroad. The Japanese are a nation of gift-givers, and their stores are filled with exquisitely wrapped mementos of all shapes and sizes.
Oven 'Fried' Recipes (PHOTOS). All of it. Chicken, french fries, even onion rings.
Veggie Chip Recipes. Whether you love veggies and love chips, or hate veggies and love chips, veggie chips are the perfect solution to snacking boredom.
Tomato Mozzarella Salad Recipe. And forever change the way you eat this salad.
'How To Make Masala Chai' Is Our New Favorite Food Video. This is the kind of food video that makes our jobs fun to do.
Baked Hot Chocolate Recipe Turns Cozy Winter Drink Into So Much More. Maybe you're in the mood for hot chocolate, or for chocolate pudding. Maybe you're in the mood for molten chocolate cake. How about all three together? You can have your hot chocolate and eat it, too, with this decadent, super-easy baked hot chocolate recipe.
Coffee, Espresso And Cappuccino (PHOTOS). It's just what you need to wake up in the morning.
The Secret To A Proper Egg Cream Is Fox's U-Bet Syrup. Growing up in New Mexico, I didn't encounter very many egg creams.
How To Peel Kiwi Fruit With A Spoon (VIDEO). You'll need a spoon for this trick.
Tea Recipes. Let's stop relegating tea to a cup of boiling water.
Recipe Of The Day. Yes, you can make one at home.
De-Cluttering Your Kitchen. Seven different melon ballers? That's probably too many. And when will you use that bread machine that's been collecting dust for years? Probably never.
Cheap Wine vs. Expensive Wine. Don't judge a wine bottle by its label.
Superfood Recipes. You'll be healthy before you know it.
Spill Wine On Your Tablecloth. You're actually supposed to.
French Lentil And Vegetable Soup With Bacon. It's made with French green lentils, which hold their shape when cooked, and thicken the soup without turning it to sludge.
Real Fruit Jewelry On Etsy Has Your Next Necklace, Ring And Earrings (PHOTOS). But don't! It's not edible anymore!
Eggs And Ham Cup. It's what's for breakfast.
Bacon Candy Tastes Like Breakfast On A Stick (VIDEO). Maple Bacon combines the sweet and meaty flavors of breakfast.
The BROpener Kickstarter Campaign Turns Any Surface Into A Bottle Opener. Now your grill, doorway, cooler, fridge or bike can all be bottle openers, bro.
5 Smokin' Cocktails For Cold Weather. These five smokin' drinks will warm you right up, and we promise there's no kindling required!
How To Hand Wash Dishes. With these tips, washing dishes won't seem so bad.
Italian Food Recipes (PHOTOS). There's something for everyone.
The Chili Recipes You Want And Need (PHOTOS). You could use chili as a blanket for warmth, but we suggest eating it instead.
Cynthia Lair's TED Talk On Being Present With Food. 'I have no idea what I'm going to do with this onion -- but I trust it will be something good.'
Recipe Of The Day. This is how you should be eating your chicken.
The Dahlia Bakery Cookbook And A Conversation With Chef Tom Douglas. Like everything Tom Douglas touches, his most recent cookbook is fast turning to gold as bakers swoop it up to recreate a peanut butter cookie that Nora Ephron termed \the greatest cookie ever, ever, ever.\
Vegan Crepes With Coconut Cream And Strawberries. Strawberries, whipped cream... maybe you really don't need anything else to fall in love, at least for a while.
Cookie Fairy Sweets. I had never seen fresh baked frozen cookies marketed in the freezer aisle before and I was intrigued (maybe a little skeptical), but I'm so glad I tried 'em.
7 Ways to Make Cabbage Sexy. This winter, cabbage is shrugging off that sheepskin coat and stepping out of those muddy boots
Easy Winter Ratatouille. I love ratatouille, a French vegetable stew typically made with garlic, yellow summer squash and/or zucchini, onions, peppers, eggplant and tomatoes.
Cupcake Art Exhibit Features Over 10,000 Desserts. A New York City-based student has baked over 13,000 cupcakes in the last year. She doesn't have an irrepressible sweet tooth or appetite -- these desserts are being used for art exhibits.
Crock Pot Cake Recipe And More  Slow Cooker Ideas (PHOTOS). Like cheesecake and sandwiches.
Top 10 Dating Trends For Foodies Across America, According To A Dating Site. The folks at \offline dating\ site have just released a visual compilation of the dating network's first 1 million dates recorded.
Waffle Recipes That Will Make Your Breakfast Better. The deep, square divots waiting to be filled with toppings is high on the list.
Recipe Of The Day. With bacon!
The Best Mashed Potato Recipe Ever (VIDEO). MDRN KTCHN shared their secret to getting the creamiest mashed potatoes and it comes in the form of diastatic malt powder
What To Make When There's Nothing To Eat In The House. There was little in the house beyond a handful of scallops I'd bought the day before with the intention of turning them into some not-too-far-in-the-future supper. And that was it.
Fear Of Roasting. 2013 will cure you of it and roasting will become one of your go-to meals for company, or even a dinner for a busy day.
Beertone. This is one beer guide we can get behind.
Eating The Hottest Food In Asia. Sooner or later, any traveler of Asia will encounter in their food a level of spice and heat completely beyond anything they have ever eaten before.
How To Eat Fage Yogurt. You tell us
Sticky Business -- Jam, Confit, Jelly & Preserves. just when I begin to imagine scurvy symptoms, I spot a jar of gooey goodness made from end-of-season fruits preserved for the winter ahead.  Grab a jar, get a spoon and read on.  I'm going to unfold the mysteries of these gelatinous treasures.
Food Education. An education in cooking must always take place by the stove, and a healthy relationship with food will always begin and end in the kitchen.
Veg & Vodka. You never have to be hungry if you eat as many fruits and vegetables as you want. I sit down in front of the TV with literally a pound of steamed Brussels sprouts and eat them like popcorn.
Hangover Food. Even if you're not planning on drinking anytime soon, adding asparagus to your diet couldn't hurt -- it also has anticancer and antifungal effects.
Take A Vacation In Your Kitchen. While we may not be able to change the weather forecast, we are here to tell you that you can create your own little tropical vacation in your kitchen. Bright flavors evoke memories of sandy beaches, steel drum bands, and skin tones that move past alabaster.
Snickers Brownies Recipe That's So Amazing You Have to Taste It to Believe It. Have you ever found yourself at dessert time wondering if you should have some candy or a brownie? Well fear not, because now you can have both with these incredibly delicious Snickers brownies.
Burning Question. What makes each one distinctive? And do they all have the same nutritional value?
Reusable Waxed Canvas Lunch Bag (PHOTO). It's not made out of paper.
Bottle Opener That Tracks Your Beer Intake (PHOTO). Every lush should have one.
Easy Weeknight Dinner. Tilapia is mild, inexpensive and readily available, so I'm always looking for tasty new ways to prepare it. In this recipe, the fillets are dusted with a bold Cajun spice rub, then saut\u00e9ed in olive oil until crisp and flavorful on the exterior and tender and flaky within.
This Is How You Make French Fries Epic. Deep-fried potatoes sprinkled with salt never grows old.
The Easy Way to Healthy. 52 weeks, 52 new foods. How one family achieved the most frequently broken New Year's resolution
Nom Nom. Don't say it. Or write it. Or even think it.
These Recipes Prove That Gnudi And Gnocchi Are Always Delicious. In this life, we get to eat far too few things that can be described as 'cloud-like.'
Best Food Bloggers. You should definitely be reading these.
7 Healthier Recipes For Your Favorite Comfort Foods. In 2013, allow yourself your favorite comfort foods, but find healthier ways of eating them. Cooking these dishes for yourself is a start.
Chickpea Recipes That Prove Garbanzos Are Our Favorite Bean. They just might be our favorite bean.
Recipe Of The Day. It's spaghetti, with bacon, eggs and cheese.
The Most Delicious Grilled Cheese Sandwiches On The Planet. In terms of comfort food, grilled cheese is the comfiest.
Duke's Mayo Is The South's Favorite And Maybe The Best. Run, do not walk, to Duke's Mayonnaise.
Homecoming Meals. What the 'Chopped' host cooks for himself, once he settles in at home.
Cute Pet Pics. And we've got pictures to prove it.
7 Ways To Use Miso. From salmon to roast chicken, salad dressings to caramel, we're a fan of using a dollop in just about every dish that passes through our kitchen.
Recipe Of The Day. It might take seven hours to make, but it's worth every minute.
New Year, New Food Craze. Fudge has been a staple of Southern U.S. confections for over 100 years, but since it's usually sold by weight in heaping portions, it has the nasty habit of drying out... unless you seal it up in a single serving package. That's how the fudge bucket was born.
Sunday Dinners. These hearty recipes are perfect for cold, lazy Sundays, when you have some time to putter around the kitchen. Enjoy!
These Aren't Your Mother's Broccoli Recipes. Go forth into this brave, grown-up world of broccoli and enjoy.
Flavored Popcorn Recipes For Movie Awards Season. What's a movie-watching experience without a handful (or twenty) of popcorn?
The Etymology Of The Words Teetotal And Alcohol. Alcohol used to describe make-up. How did it come to mean booze?
'Downton Abbey' Culinary Ties That Bind As Season 3 Begins. One should never underestimate the American fascination with the British class system. We love to learn the details about the contrasting problems facing each class, and how they deal with them.
Lasagna Soup By 'Our Best Bites' Is Our New Rainy Day Recipe. Soup and gooey cheese are going to be the answer to all our winter ailments from here on out.
Agave Recipes For Healthy Baking (PHOTOS). Because even if we want to eat right, we don't really want to give up cake.
Decoding Your Charcuterie Plate. We're going to start today with the easiest part of charcuterie
A Downton Abbey Premiere Menu. It's in honor of Daisy and Mrs. Patmore that we bring you a Downton Abbey-inspired menu for the third season's premiere on Sunday.
Get Down & Dirty With Parsnips. In the kitchen, you can certainly replace parsnips for carrots in many recipes for a milder, more subtle result. For roasting and mashing, however, parsnips are interchangeable with root vegetables from the Brassica family like turnips and rutabagas. But enough about substitution -- it's the parsnip's turn to shine.
Cold Remedies Recipes. We believe in the healing power of soup.
Hangovers Are Not Just For Bachelors. For a truly enlightened hangover meal, treat yourself to a perky, spicy hot broth with Asian pantry condiments.
Accidental Locavore. 'Tis the season for year-end round up lists and The Accidental Locavore is as good at lists as anyone else. So, here are the top six blog posts for 2012, based on very little scientific research.
Meyer Lemon Recipes That Will Shed Some Winter Sunshine (PHOTOS). We've found a secret stash of winter sunshine this year -- citrus season.
Kale Chips Recipe. We care about you guys, so we need to have a quick minute of real talk.
Winning Recipes For The Party Dip Bowl (PHOTOS). Whether light and tangy, cheesy and melty or layered and breathtaking, you need a great party dip.
Malt. As a kid, you probably only knew \malt\ as the mysterious ingredient in Whoppers, the coveted movie theatre candy. Later, it might have become part of your drinking vernacular
A HuffPost Deathmatch. Can the carrot overtake potato, will artichokes trump asparagus? Vote!
Cheesy Garlic Chip Dip Recipe Will Make You Flip. This cheesy roasted garlic dip is the perfect indulgence. It's a ridiculously delicious mix of cheese, garlic and wonderful creaminess. With some salty potato chips to dip in it, I can't think of any better way to welcome 2013.
Recipe Of The Day. It's just what you need in the new year.
Homemade Butterfinger Recipe (PHOTO). And what could be better than a homemade butterfingers?
Salad Recipes That Make Eating Healthy A Breeze. This is your survival guide when a fast food craving hits.
Chocolate-Covered Candy Cane Dipped Pears. Here's a quick n' easy recipe that you can whip up in a few minutes with your leftover holiday candy canes!
Delicious, Filling Split Pea Stew. There really isn't much to say about split pea soup that you probably don't already know. It's hearty. It's savory. It's comforting. But split pea stew? Take everything you know about its soup sister and triple it.
Good Luck Foods For The New Year. In America, this could mean black eyed peas, while in Greece this means downing a handful of grapes.
8 Healthy Recipes For The New Year. Whether you're looking to cut down on the cookies, add a few vegetables to your diet, or simply make more use of your kitchen, these recipes will help you welcome the new year.
The Advent Of Izakayas. The past few years have seen Japanese food becoming one of many people's favorite cuisines and it's certainly not because of Americanized, watered down dishes. Izakaya fare is quickly becoming the new definition of Japanese food, so what exactly is Izakaya?
The Millionaire Matchmaker's Favorite Date Restaurants. On a dinner date you want the ambience to be romantic, with dim lighting from candles or a fireplace.
New Year's Diet Resolutions. And we are fully prepared to defend our stance.
Leftover Champagne Recipes That Make Great Use Of Your Bubbly. Make good use of your bubbly this year... If you don't finish it all on New Year's Eve, that is.
Have A Sweet New Year With Less Sugar. I don't sweeten coffee, tea or cereal, rarely drink soda, and avoid foods with \added sugar\ labels.
5 Fizzy Cocktails To Ring In The New Year. A glass of bubbly is requisite for toasting the New Year, and this year we'll be upping the ante a bit with one of these five fizzy cocktails in hand.
New Year's Cocktails --The Best on a Budget. It's time to ring in the New Year with cocktails and confetti. Have no fear, if your holiday budget has hit the brakes, you can still celebrate in high style without breaking the bank.
Bottles For The Best Days. Choose the occasions worth buying for. I've accumulated wines for the birthdays of our two children, for the anniversaries of the year I met my wife and the year of our wedding, and for the year we moved to our current home.
Grate Your Way to Better Pastry. Inspired by conversations on the FOOD52 Hotline,  we're sharing tips and tricks that make navigating all of our kitchens more fun.
Mini Treats And Hand-Held Sweets By Abby Dodge. My goal is always to offer up recipes -- both sweet and savory -- that home cooks and bakers will be delighted with when they make them in their kitchens for years to come.
Best of the Web in Food, 2012. Check out what got our taste buds going this past year.
The Negroni, 5 Ways. Ask the mixologist at your favorite craft-cocktail joint about his or her favorite tipple to drink and more often than not, you'll hear Negroni.
Ultimate Disney World Dining Guide. Disney parks have undergone culinary transformations, becoming destinations that can be equally beloved by families who need quick value-friendly meals and adults who want extended dinners.
'Gluten-Free Girl' Has Tips for Holiday Parties. I asked Shauna of \Gluten-Free Girl and the Chef\ to share some tips on how to manage the balancing act of cooking for family gatherings when some folks are following a gluten-free diet.
New Year's Resolutions 2013. With a new year upon us, we're thinking about food. Surprise!
Revenge Of The Brussels Sprouts. Brussels sprouts are the only vegetable I ever really liked. People have always mocked me for this, but apparently now it's cool. The Brusselian Era is upon us at long last, and I, for one, welcome our cruciferous overlords.
The Foodcommander's Aphorisms Of 2012. Don't ask what your ingredients can do for you, ask what you can do with your ingredients.
New Year's Eve Party. I've never quite understood the hype of New Year's Eve. Why is there such pressure for the last night of the year to be epic on every level? This year -- if you're anything like me -- why not host your own impromptu party?
Chinese Restaurant Menus Are Too Damn Long. Many of the best Chinese restaurants in the country still abide by the same philosophy of menu writing as those strip mall takeout joints. They write menus that are too damn long.
Wild Rice. Wild rice is a seasonal delicacy in Minnesota. Yet it is such a simple, humble food; a grain that primitive societies subsisted on for millennia.
Pepsi Logo Timeline. When we think of Pepsi, we envision a red, white and blue circle, waving like a flag. But a version of the iconic logo that
Get Down & Dirty With Mushrooms. Interested in growing your own mushrooms? Take a pass on a walk in the woods.
8 Happy Hour Bites. January's the month to grab a warm spiked drink and get your happy hour on. And of course, the best part of happy hour is the nibbles.
20 Cozy Crock-Pot Soup Recipes That Cook Themselves. I would love it if I came home from work and found a hot, fragrant, hearty soup waiting for me.
This Mug Doubles As A Fondue Set. Rid yourself of all of your double-dipping concerns and enjoy that melty chocolate or cheese in your very own fondue mug.
Try Authentic Auld Lang Syne Scotch For New Year's Eve. Two traditional things for New Year's Eve
7 Winter Cocktails. It's chilly, the relatives may be dropping in and out uninvited, and you have a few extra days off from this holiday season. These circumstances call for a little treat to yourself in the form of a winter cocktail.
5 Martinis For A Classy New Year's Eve. We say bid farewell to 2012 in grand style by mixing up an elegant Martini.
Add Levity to Your Holiday Meal With Holiday Dinner Bingo. The Accidental Locavore wants to relieve some of the stress of the holidays and put a smile on everyone's face. How? Try Holiday Bingo!
Old-fashioned Gingerbread Cake. Old-fashioned gingerbread is the perfect treat to keep on hand during the holidays.
8 Holiday Movie-Watching Snacks. Whether you'll be singing along to Les Mis or cheering on Frodo and the dwarves, you'll want something to nibble on during the holiday blockbusters.
The World's Most Expensive Burgers. In these tough economic times, one of the most talked-about burger subjects revolves around the most expensive burger offerings from around the world.
Hot Chocolate on a Stick. If you are still in need of some homemade gift ideas, may I suggest these adorable hot chocolates on a stick. They make the perfect winter treat for neighbors, co-workers, and family.
The Californians Who Are Shaking Up Wine's Mainstream. A new generation of energetic California winemakers has helped bring new attention and respect to some of the old-guard producers whose reputations had been languishing.
The Best Baguettes In New York City. There's nothing like 'em. To me, they have the perfect texture, perfect flavor and crunch.
Manhattans By The Glass Or Pitcher. The classic Manhattan has to be one of the most satisfying of all cocktails. It's like a liquid layer cake -- each ingredient is immensely flavorful and satisfying.
The Festive Party Snack. This recipe couldn't be easier.
12 Holiday Cookies. It's the season for baking holiday cookies for the endless family gatherings, and there's no harm in sneaking some for yourself (in the name of quality assurance, of course).
10 Freshly Baked Holiday Gifts. How about spending an afternoon baking in your kitchen instead of shopping at the mall? These delicious homemade treats make thoughtful gifts for your friends, neighbors, teachers and co-workers. Check out the recipes and bake up some holiday cheer!
Sous-Vide Coq au Vin. Not to start this off on too negative a note, however, this was probably the most unattractive coq au vin the Accidental Locavore has ever made!
Holiday Checkerboard Cookies. What a wonderful time of year! The holidays are here - a time for spending time with family and friends.
A Dessert Worthy of the Gods. I am currently traveling in Greece, preparing to film season 3 of The Cooking Odyssey, and life seems to be less about sweet & skinny and more about the old Greek proverb \all is well when the honey is sweet.\
Hotel Bar Holiday Cocktails. Traveling this holiday season? Need a drink to get you through the stress? Not to worry! Many hotels across the country have busted out their 'tis-the-season spirits just to make you merry. Here are just a few you'll find on your travels.
Natural Cold Remedies From The Kitchen. I love hot toddies, but sometimes you need something you can also drink at work.
Wrapped Up - White Chocolate Cranberry Cake. With limited amount of time on hand, I used the seasonal cranberries for both flavors and color.
'Housewife' Martinis & 9 Other Drinks Inspired by Your Favorite TV Shows. You know how certain meals pair well with particular adult beverages? Filet mignon with a nice Bordeaux, for example. Chicken tetrazzini with a Chianti, perhaps. Burgers and brew. Whatever you ate out of cans in college and wine coolers. Anyway. Guess what? Certain TV shows pair well with particular adult beverages, too.
Food Geek Wish List. For the nerdy foodie in your life, you can't go wrong with these 11 food geek gifts.
A Quick and Painless Christmas Cake Log. The Holidays are a perfect time to start thinking about new traditions; things that you want to do differently. So often we're caught up in sticking with our traditions from years past that we don't allow ourselves to try anything new, whether it's what we eat, who we see, or how we decorate.
5 Amazing Bars in Madrid. Whether you want to spend the night enjoying an authentic Spanish flamenco performance, or want to grab a beer and watch sports, Madrid has a bar for you.
Recipe Roundup. Every family has their own unique holiday traditions, but no matter exactly how you celebrate, there is a good chance something sweet is involved.
Shiner Bock. We always want what we can't have -- and for some of us, that thing is Shiner Bock.
The Dos and Don'ts Of Entertaining Drop-In Guests. We've compiled a list of the dos and don'ts of entertaining those unexpected guests (the ones that drop in, seemingly, out of nowhere) to ensure everyone feels welcome -- and is well-fed.
New Year's Eve Recipes That Will Make Your Last Meal Of 2014 Amazing. 53 recipes so good you'll never forget your last night in 2014, no matter how much Champagne you drink.
Cooking For Comfort. How could this unimaginable act of violence against first graders possibly connect to a web site about recipes, cooking, and food news?
\Dinner for One. This episode is all about pomegranates -- a Pom Royale cocktail, a Pomegranate Cast Iron Porkchop and a Blueberry & Pomegranate Shortbread Crumble.
Cocktail Your Way Through Christmas. Here are five drinks to accompany your most beloved holiday traditions.
Chocolate Truffle Recipes That Make Storebought Candies Feel Ashamed. Roll your way to chocolatey paradise.
Need To Make A Vegetable Better? Turn It Into A Gratin Recipe. Cream plus butter plus cheese plus vegetables.
Brunch Recipes For New Year's Day. We're fairly certain that Champagne jelly on the brunch table will start your year off just right.
Food-Themed Sleeping Gear. Going to bed has never been so fun.
Tis the Season for Cocktails. Bells are ringing and holiday cheer is in the air. Time to have your friends over and celebrate together over some traditional tasty cocktails.
5 Party-Ready Holiday Punches. Preparing a bowl (or two) full of punch is one of the easiest ways to ensure both you and your guests can enjoy the festivities without any fuss.
Yule Waste Less. These are the weeks of family, feasting, fun and more feasting. Unfortunately, increased food waste often goes hand-in-hand with our holiday gatherings. With that in mind -- and without getting too Grinchy -- here are 10 simple waste-saving tips for holiday gatherings.
The Best Way to Organize Massive Holiday Grocery Lists. Inspired by conversations on the Food52 Hotline, we're sharing tips and tricks that make navigating all of our kitchens easier and more fun. Today
11 Homemade Edible Gifts. Gift giving requires a certain art and balance. Presents should be thoughtful, personal, but never showy ... it's no wonder
Chestnut Recipes That Don't Involve Roasting On An Open Fire. Chestnuts roasting on an open fire... We get it. But there are so many more ways to eat these nuts.
5 Port Wines To Drink This Holiday Season. The holiday season is prime drinking time for several reasons. But it's hard to drink a lot of sweet wines. They come after a huge meal and many other wines. Most of the time, we are already full.
American Chef's Vegetarian Challenge. Gerald Lieberman wrote, \Vegetarian
These Are a Few of My Favorite Things... to EAT. This season is a time for reflection and I like to reflect on my favorite foods and see the images dancing in my head like sugar plum fairies. So, here are a few of my favorite things... to eat!
Why Raw Cookie Dough Makes You Sick (VIDEO). Here's a clue
Indian Spiked Eggnog. Here's an eggnog version that was spiked with some Indian flavors. My eggnog recipe is based off of Puerto Rican Coquito, which is a kind of a rum eggnog that uses coconut milk & condensed milk, instead of heavy cream and is not as thick.
Recipe Of The Day. On a cold day, there's nothing better.
Burdock. \What's for dinner?\ my dad asks, as he walks in the door. I point to my prized find on the kitchen counter
Holiday Cooking For The Guys. Gentlemen, don't feel like you have to be relegated to the living room over the holidays. These days, the kitchen belongs as much to you and you belong as much in the kitchen as do the ladies in the family.
Cream Of Tartar. The name is deceiving, and seems to describe a fishy dipping sauce rather than a chalky, white powder.
Prime Rib Recipes For An Epic Christmas Dinner. There's something about the sheer size of a standing rib roast that makes us hungry.
Mayan Apocalypse 2012. We got to thinking about what our last meals would be if the world really was to end this month.
German Christmas Dinner Recipes. Goose, kale and mulled wine! Still not sold? Dessert usually involves Marzipan and other, plentiful cookies.
Beer And Bacon Battered Deep Fried Doritos - The World Just Got A Little More Unhealthy. Are you sick of eating Doritos the traditional way? After amassing a pretty decent sized stockpile of snack sized bags of Doritos I was, so I figured I'd try something new, and that something involved a beer and bacon batter and my deep fryer!
'Twas The Night Before Scotchmas. 'Twas the night before Scotchmas and all through the house, not a bottle was open -- not even the Famous Grouse.
3 Recipes For A Classic Swedish Christmas. Fortunately, you don't have to be in Sweden to savor these specialties.
Mighty Spice vs. BarChick -- Round 5. I have teamed up with the awesome BarChick ladies to bring you a definitive A-Z guide of eating and drinking in London -- Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. I do the food, and they do the booze. Enjoy.
Frozen Whipped Cream. This idea is brilliant, convenient and dead simple.
Mug Gingerbread House. It's what your mug's been missing all along.
The Best Food Of 2012. As you might imagine, we've seen a lot of really great food stuff this year.
Recipe Of The Day. With bits of crystalized ginger.
Vegan Gingerbread Cookies. There is nothing like watching the delight in a person's face as he or she realizes that a gooey cookie or moist slice of cake is actually vegan.
Will Gingerbread Men Jello Shots Appear At Your Holiday Party?. Find yourself some gingerbread men-shaped cookie cutters and get to work!
How to Make Crushed Ice. If you need to whip up a fancy cocktail with crushed ice -- for yourself, or for your guests -- sometimes a little bit of brawn is required.
'The Hobbit' Recipes. Get ready, Tolkien fans. We've got recipes for elevensies, second breakfast and more.
Vegetarian Christmas Dinner (PHOTOS). Because a feast is what you deserve for the holidays.
The Holiday Menu You Need For A Great Christmas Dinner. It's time to start planning Christmas dinner, guys.
Multiple Choice -- Brown Butter Walnut-Cranberry Bars. I'm absolutely intrigued by walnuts, cranberries--and my latest obsession--brown butter.
35 Ways To Have A Vegetarian Christmas. From duchess potatoes to rustic vegetable tarts.
Recipe Of The Day. The easiest eggs you'll ever make.
Kitchen Tips. We found 15 ways to make your life in the kitchen easier.
Brave New World of Baking [WATCH]. What's the point in taking a classic French confection and fusing it with a famous American junk food? I see an interesting trend in our ever-changing food culture
Wine Guru Kermit Lynch Taught Us To Do It Right. Forty years ago, Kermit Lynch abandoned the handmade purse industry and opened a wine shop in Berkeley, Calif., and in doing so, became one of the great innovators of the field.
Making A Perfect Caramel. Caramel is sugar that's allowed to change, run a little wild, maybe dye its hair. Here, you're parenting your sugar, and it's an important job.
Wassail. In spite of the song being incredibly catchy and annoyingly repetitive, we're willing to bet that many of those who utter the word \wassail\ have no idea what it means.
5 Seriously Spicy Cocktails. Do you love hot sauce? Sriracha? Chile peppers? Then we have some cocktails for you.
Is Brisket The New J-Date?. Clearly Shefi is just one example of young people who find their connection to their heritage through food, and no surprise that the Center for Jewish History is jumping on the bandwagon.
Make Cake Mix Better. It'll be as good as one made from scratch.
The Kenwood Cooking Chef Is A Mixer, Blender, Food Processor And Induction Burner (VIDEO). Seriously, anything. Like, maybe not even a stove?
Winter Soup Recipes So Thick You Can Stand A Spoon Up In Them. After a bowl or two of these, we're sure that the winter chill won't stand a chance.
A Christmas Feast Made Entirely Out Of Cake. We're thrilled about this Christmas feast made entirely out of cake.
Bugs Are A Sustainable Meat Source. That is, if sustainable eating is important to you.
Fruit Cake. And we have an idea on how to make it better.
Holiday Roast Recipes That Will Earn You Major Dinner Party Cred. We want our jaws to drop when the main dish arrives at the table.
Best Airport Restaurants Around The World (PHOTOS). Faced with concourses filled with ubiquitous shrink-wrapped sandwiches, greasy fast-food burgers and processed pastries, the thought of eating at an airport is rarely appetizing. But that may soon change, as airports around the world are revamping aging terminals and the world's best chefs, several of them Michelin-starred, are recognizing the value of serving exemplary meals before liftoff.
Bacon Facts. We bet there's a lot you don't know.
4 Holiday Dinner Shortcuts So Delicious They'll Never Suspect. I love cooking, and I especially love planning big holiday dinners. But as the years go on, I'm less excited about spending whole days in the kitchen. It's time to simplify, right?
The 2012 Imbiber's Holiday Gift Guide. Still shopping for that perfect holiday gift for the imbibers on your list? We've got you covered!
Recipe Of The Day. It's the only frosting recipe you need.
Candy Cane Shot Glasses Might Be The Hit Of Your Holiday Party (PHOTO). That's right, shot glasses made out of actual candy cane.
Candied Orange Peels Recipe (WATCH). They make the sweetest gifts.
The Best Christmas Cookie Recipes This Season. With all of the classics, and some new twists too.
The GIR Spatula From Get It Right And Kickstarter Lives Up To The Promise (VIDEO). These are kitchen innovations we can get behind.
Blood Orange Recipes That Are As Beautiful As They Are Delicious. Aside from the fact that they're beautiful.
6 Ways to Fall for Fennel. These six fennel dishes show fennel's great range of possibilities -- this veggie is equally delightful in a light, refreshing salad as it is in a cheesy baked gratin.
Over-The-Top Gingerbread Houses. Here, Food & Wine names some of the most extraordinary, over-the-top gingerbread houses ever created.
Holiday Punch Recipes That'll Make You Fall Absolutely Drunk In Love. A good punch recipes means a great holiday party.
Broken Shed Vodka From New Zealand Is Made From Whey. Broken Shed Vodka is distilled from whey, the milky, glorious by-product of cheese-making.
3 Ways to Cook Pasta. Whether you're a novice cook or as seasoned as a pot of pasta water, you've most likely cooked yourself a bowl of some kind of noodle. It was probably easy; it was probably good. But we've got tips on how to make it better.
Gluten-Free Holiday Apple Crisp. Looking for a quick 'n easy dessert to serve this holiday? Here's a simple gluten-free and vegan apple crisp that can be made in under 30 minutes and it's made with a fun (and healthy) gluten-free granola.
Stress-Free Cooking With Wine. 'I love to cook with wine, sometimes I even put it in the food.'
What Sausage Is Made Of And Other Facts (INFOGRAPHIC). What it's made from and more important facts.
Burger Bedding By Davidelf\u00edn Is Our New Favorite Gift Idea (PHOTO). We have threatened to take a nap in a particularly inviting cheeseburger before.
5 Ways To Make Party Hosts Happy. Champagne always works. This sparkling wine is great for people you know well and people you've never met before. It's a universal gesture of celebration.
Let's Talk Wine. No matter how apt, wine remarks can become clich\u00e9d. The challenge -- for writers aiming for a wide range of readers -- seems to lie in crafting crisp descriptions not laden with insider jargon. Wine writing need not be esoteric.
The Most Beautiful Cotton Candy You May Ever See. Located in Ciqikou, Chongqing, China, this street vendor takes spun sugar to the level of art. Read more on buzzfeed.com
12 Essential Holiday Cookie Decorating Supplies. The Real Simple food department cut, sprinkled, and piped its way through 125 decorating products. These 12 were the sweetest
Fatty Musings. Once Thanksgiving is celebrated and November is over, December might as well be one month-long buffet. Between company holiday parties, family gatherings and the drink-a-thon that is New Years Eve, it's traditionally a terrible month to think about dieting.
Hate Moist? You're Not Alone. And 5 alternatives to never have to say it again.
Tartare for Two. There I was, in the 8th arrondissement with a spoonful of dijon in one hand and a forkful of bright pink tartare in the other. A quiet babble of French conversation streamed around me.
5 Fantastic Mail-Order Cookies To Give As Gifts. No need to turn on the oven -- just click \send\ and these handmade treats will be on their way.
8 Oil-Fried Foods For Hanukkah. Hanukkah is a great excuse to let the oil flow and fry, fry away. Latkes and jelly donuts are the usual slick and crispy suspects, but they're not the only foods you can throw in the pan, which is why we've gathered eight great oil-fried recipes that are perfect for the upcoming holiday.f
29 Ooey Gooey, Cheesy, Chocolatey And Delicious Pull Breads To Make. They're amazingly good too.
Oranges. It's something you should know.
How To Make Porchetta. With a couple of smart tweaks, Miami chef Michael Pirolo transforms this classic Italian dish--traditionally a whole pig--into a striking main course for a crowd.
Easy & Delicious Spinach Artichoke Dip Recipe That Will Wow Your Guests. Creamy Artichoke & Crab Dip How to Make Homemade Salsa Verde With Roasted Tomatillos Heat oven to 350 F. Mix all the ingredients
Recipe Of The Day. Today seems like a good day for a pot of melted cheese.
Soma Water Filter Kickstarter Poised To Give Brita Some Competition (VIDEO). The Soma Water Filter might give Brita a run for their money.
Holiday Champagnes. Is there any drink that better encapsulates the celebration, joy, brightness and sparkle of the holidays than Champagne?  The pop of the cork, the clinking of glasses, the initial fizz of the mousse, the continuing column of tiny bubbles rising in the glass...
Hanukkah Chocolate Olive Oil Gelt Cookies. Usually when we speak of Hanukkah Gelt, we are referring to those gold wrapped chocolate coins that everyone loves this time of year. These cookies are shaped like those chocolates, except the gold is on the inside in the form of extra virgin olive oil.
Get Down & Dirty with Celery. No Thanksgiving stuffing is complete without those half-moons of stalk. The leaves look festive poking out a pitcher of Bloody Marys, or you can make homemade celery salt.
Eggnog Recipe. It's that time of year again.
Chocolate Gifts For The Holidays (PHOTOS). Think honeycomb candy, peanut butter cup marshmallows and chocolate covered nougat.
Recipe Of The Day. They're just the thing for the holiday season.
Roasted Brussels Sprouts With Asian Vinaigrette. When I saw the mass of comments raving about the dish from Momofuko online, , I figured I had to try it. With a last-minute plea to bring Brussels sprouts to my friend's Thanksgiving leftover party, it was a shoo-in.
Easy Cooking Tip. We've all been there. You start to cook. Then you freak out.
8 Ways To Use Up Buttermilk. Here are eight of our favorite recipes that use buttermilk -- eight recipes to try, and eight ways to make the game of using-up-what's-left-in-the-fridge fun and delicious.
Yuletide As A Second-Hand High. I was raised in a Jewish household, but because the Western world is very jingly-sprinkly-chocolatey-marshmallowy at this time of year, I harbored a humongous Jesus Envy.
Dorito Dusting. The basic idea involved a strong pepper grinder filled with your favorite flavor of chips. The result? A food hack that seems to have originated straight out the mind of a 9-year-old.
Mighty Spice vs. BarChick Part 4. I have teamed up with the awesome BarChick ladies to bring you a definitive A-Z guide of eating and drinking in London -- Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. I do the food, and they do the booze.
5 Sparkling Cocktails For Hanukkah. Wine is traditional, but the Festival of Lights deserves something more, well, festive.
All The Bark Recipes You Could Ever Need For The Holidays. Think gingersnap Oreos, Girl Scout Samoas and pomegranate.
Goan Chicken Coconut Curry in the Slow Cooker. Infused with delicious coconut milk and a blend of aromatic spices, this curry is simple yet comforting. It's exactly how I remember my grandmother's chicken curry tasted.
Nyonya Laksa. A warm bowl of this is a perfect fix for the current cooler weather.
Veganizing Soups And Stews. Gena Hamshaw eats a mostly raw, vegan diet without losing time, money, or her sanity.
The Best Christmas Cookies. Gingerbread, sugar or shortbread, which Christmas cookie's best?
How To Save A Salty Soup (VIDEO). All you need is a potato.
The Food Stamp Challenge Wormhole [VIDEO]. I've been fortunate enough to never have to worry about being provided enough food, but what about the people who are struggling to feed their families on a miniscule budget?
Cheese Boards For The Holidays. Cheese is always a party favorite, so it's safe to say that a good cheese board can go a long way.
WATCH. \High-def cooking\ is the perfect approach to something as seemingly simple as a meatball, which requires exact execution. Vic Casanova, chef at Gusto in Los Angeles, has a few tips for making his classic Italian meatballs.
The Easy Way To Decorate Cookies. It makes for stress-free holiday baking.
Pumpkin and Bacon Pasta. My affection for anything pumpkin continues with this quick pasta dish I created.  It is hearty, flavorful, textural and ever so satisfying.
The Best Chinese Probably Isn't In Chinatown. The best Chinese restaurants may not be where you think they are.
Digging Deeper Than the Potato. Rich in tradition, memories and taste, the beloved potato latke is certainly cherished. This year, as Hanukkah nears, I challenge you to dig a bit deeper and explore the vibrant underworld of the potato's fellow subterranean dweller
5 Cocktails For Repeal Day. We're celebrating our right to raise a glass with five Prohibition era-inspired sippers.
The Best Boxed Wines. Think outside the bottle with these affordable, taste and environmentally friendly wines.
How To Make A California Sushi Roll. Contrary to popular belief, they're not that hard to make at home.
Baked Brie Recipes Your Friends Will Ask For (And That You'll Want To Keep For Yourself). It's perfect for sharing -- but that doesn't mean you'll want to.
Modern Hanukkah Recipes. Will your friends and family revolt, or fall in love with something new?
Three Recipes for a Michelin-Starred Meal. After I wrote about my collaboration with Michelin-starred chef Daniel Corey, I got lots of requests for the recipes we created. By popular demand, here they are.
10 Food Budgeting Tips I Wish I Followed Religiously. Those who carefully plan every meal and shop as if it were a chess game hardly need my advice.  These tips are for the rest of us.
Anatomy of a Cookie. I often work on the multiple possibilities of a flavor, texture or combinations of the two. After last week's post on Maple-Walnut Cranberry Tart, I want to explore more of this same flavor profile.
Donuts. We love donuts in every which way.
Red Apple Delight Mocktail Recipe. As a host during the holiday season, you must provide alternatives for people who don't drink alcohol. There are countless reasons why people abstain, and having a non-alcoholic choice will allow the guest to feel included in your event.
When To Use Fresh vs. Frozen Spinach. We basically live to think about these things for you guys.
Olive Oil Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). It's pretty good for baking too.
Latke Recipes That Could Put Your Bubby's To Shame. This is the year to liven up your latkes.
The Best Shortbread Recipes For Holiday Baking. Let the holiday baking begin.
Think Now For The Perfect Holiday Cocktail. To serve this piping-hot spiked cider for the winter holidays, get started now.
6 Ways To Pair Wine With Your Holiday Meal. No matter what you put on your table, there's a wine for that!
Plump, Perfect, Persimmon. There are many harbingers of winter. Persimmon is one of the more reliable ones. Persimmon, because its bright color, creamy texture and sweet flavor, works well with other, more tart winter fruits.
8 Wholesome Vegetarian Meals For Autumn. The colder months tend to make vegetarian cooking more of a challenge.
WATCH. \For a vegetarian, in particular, it's the best kind of protein you can eat.\
WATCH. You can now, basically, cook anything you want.
Gingerbread Dessert Recipes For The Best Holiday Baking. Here are all the reasons you should be baking it.
Tips for Enjoying Wine at Affordable Prices This Holiday!. As a wine auctioneer, I've been privileged to travel across the country selling some of the worlds' bests wine for huge amounts of money. But here are my quick tips about enjoying wine at affordable prices!
Moonshine Marshmallows, The Blue Bottle Way. Blue Bottle is the coffee company that my husband, James Freeman, founded in 2002. We met shortly after he started the business
The Best Uses For Eggnog, Besides Drinking It. French toast, cookies, cheesecake and more.
Feast of the Seven Fishes. The exact contours of the meal vary from region to region and household to household. I set out to design a seven-course menu that hopefully would gratify the palate and fortify the system.
5 Boozy Beer Cocktails. Feel like having a drink tonight but can't decide between a beer and a cocktail?
A Food Nerd's Apology To The Picky And Squeamish Eaters In Her Life. If you look around at the food people in your life, we all have something in common.
The Butter Infographic. According to this one infographic (and not by any doctor we know).
A Stress-Free, Homemade Holiday. Timeline, tips and recipes to get a head start on holiday entertaining.
Questionable Kitchen Tools. We want to know, would you buy a snap-on can strainer?
Gluten-Free Vegan Sugar Cookies. Looking for a sweet treat for your holiday party? How about a simple sugar cookie recipe? The sweet combination of cinnamon, vanilla extract and eggnog will knock the \stockings\ off your guests and they'll be begging for more.
Italian Regional Cuisine. In which we find ourselves firmly in the land of olive oil and spicy peppers.
Masala-Roasted Pumpkin Seeds. Inspired by the chili-roasted peanuts I like to buy in India, I decided to mix the pumpkin seeds up with ghee and a few different spices -- garam masala, turmeric and chili powder -- and then bake them.
Andy Cohen & Tom Colicchio Go Fishing On 'Hooked Up' (VIDEO). We recommend watching this, especially if your day needs a little sunshine.
Pets In Chef's Hats Are Cute, But So Grumpy (PHOTOS). By the look of these photos, we are absolutely exasperating our pets.
Rolled-Up Pickle Steak, Love It Or Hate It? (POLL). Oh, and cream cheese is involved too.
Dissecting The Formula For Food Porn. Oh you individually wrapped your tacos in twine? They look delicious!
Fun Facts For National Peanut Butter Month (INFOGRAPHIC). Peanut butter that is.
Candy Cane Pop Rocks Might Be Our New Favorite Stocking Stuffer. Could these be our new favorite stocking stuffer?
Feta Cheese Recipes (PHOTOS). And we're not just talking Greek salads either.
Baked Ziti Recipes (PHOTOS). Who needs chicken when you've got pasta, tomato sauce and melted cheese.
Shaken vs. Stirred. Bond's most memorable characteristic is his penchant for martinis 'shaken, not stirred.'
Sriracha Oatmeal May Be Our New Favorite Savory Breakfast. Are you ready for Sriracha oatmeal? We're pretty sure we are.
Pinterest Holiday Entertaining Contest. Participate in our holiday entertaining Pinterest contest for a chance to win a pressure cooker (a $185 value).
The Best Pots And Pans You Can Buy (PHOTOS). We did the research, so you don't have to.
Peppermint Dessert Recipes That'll Make It Feel Like The Holidays. The proof is in these recipes.
Seek Out Galangal for Authentic Thai Dishes. Galangal is an integral ingredient in many Thai dishes, especially in curry paste. Most recipes state you can substitute ginger for galangal. But that is a mistake. There really is no substitute for galangal.
Sugar & Spice. With coffee cake and mulled wine, being snowed in won't seem like such a drag after all.
How To Make The Ultimate Buffalo Wing. Enjoy, and don't forget the wet naps.
Creative Food Packaging Concepts We Wish Were Real (PHOTOS). It looks so good, we don't even want to open it.
The Best Ways To Get Your Cheddar Fix. We found someone who's never eaten cheddar before. Let's throw recipes at them!
Shredded Chic? Brussels Sprouts Made Trendy. The historically picked-on Brussels sprout holds a special place in my heart. These tiny (and now established, shredded chic) cabbages are nuanced with flavor subtleties, perfected in this Crispy Brussels Sprout Hash with Cider Glaze.
Electric Cocktail Shaker Is Not The Best Food Gift Of The Year (PHOTO). Nothing says, 'happy holidays, favorite host or hostess,' like insulting their arm strength.
Bacon and Cashew Corn by Bon Appetit. The holidays are upon us, which means our grand attempts at eating healthy become even grander in light of all the tasty treats we encounter around every corner. But a little holiday splurge is nice and well worth it.
Food Ornaments For Your Christmas Tree (PHOTOS). Twinkly lights are optional.
Flat Pack Cheese Grater. We can't wait for this concept to hit the shelves.
Japanese Handmade Mochi Makers Are Intense (VIDEO). We'd heard how tough it is to hand-make mochi, but we didn't know it would look so crazy!
6 Gingery Goodies. These ginger-filled recipes will add warmth and a bit of zing to your busy holiday season.
Porklandia. I ate my way through Porklandia so that you don't have to.
Get Down & Dirty With Broccoli. Broccoli and cauliflower are vegetables that are easy to malign when cooked poorly.
Healthy Dinner Recipes For Post Thanksgiving (PHOTOS). You need a break from the potatoes, stuffing -- and even the turkey too.
Turkey Posole Soup. Every year I think of posole as I face down the Thanksgiving leftovers.
Tastemakers. Photos, tips and musings to inspire you in the kitchen.
Farm To Table. Many restaurants these days are reverting back to local farms to gather the freshest ingredients.
The Perfect Martini Recipe By Toothpaste For Dinner Is Hilarious, Spot-On (PHOTO). No seriously, it's really easy and really hilarious.
Hot Chocolate Recipes To Warm You Up On Chilly Days. We love a classic cocoa, but it's hard not to tinker with things, even when they're perfect.
Kitchen Gifts For The Novice Cook. And help them become better cooks.
Gifts For Foodies. Bacon of the month club, and more great ideas.
Holiday Cooking Gifts For The Serious Cook. 10 gifts that would make any kitchen better.
Holiday Gifts For Wine And Spirit Lovers. There are better gifts to get than a bottle of wine.
7 Ways To Repurpose Thanksgiving Leftovers. By Friday you'll get hungry again -- and you'll have a fridge full of leftovers.
WATCH. Looking at pantry essentials in a new way is what Season 2 Top Chef Ilan Hall excels at, and his idea of pulling everything he can out of a single ingredient is easily transferred to a home kitchen.
How Long To Cook A Turkey. Does anyone know how long to cook a turkey??
7 Stress-Free Hors D'Oeuvres. When cooking a meal like Thanksgiving, you've got to have your lay-ups.
How Long To Cook A Turkey Per Pound. Does anyone know how long to cook a turkey per pound??
Bourbons and Cognac And Rums, Oh My! The Latest in Liquor for Year's End. This latest crop of rookies is a weird one.
A Last-Minute Thanksgiving Menu. You've been busy. Thanksgiving is two days away. Don't panic.
5 Ways To Sauce Up Thanksgiving. We're counting down five of our favorite ways to sauce up the traditional holiday spread!
No-Sweat Rules Of The Thanksgiving Road. Whether cooking for a few or 100, here are 5 tips to make Thanksgiving easier.
The Best Stuffing (And Dressing) Recipes To Make This Thanksgiving. You know you want it. Now find out how to make it better.
Pumpkin Cheesecake With Gingersnap Crust And Caramel Sauce. Pumpkin pie is always expected at Thanksgiving -- shake things up a bit.
Stop Worrying About Thanksgiving Dinner. Everything's going to be alright. Here's why.
Tips From The Thanksgiving Command Center. The Foodcommander's no-nonsense, take-no-prisoners Thanksgiving tips.
Hot and Sweet Cornbread Stuffing. Thanksgiving is a time for family traditions. Some people love sausage and bread in their stuffing, while others make theirs hot or sweet.
The Most Popular Pies To Have On Thanksgiving, Through A Pie Pie Chart. A look at the top nine pie types Americans are enjoying this Thanksgiving.
Mapo Tofu (A Healthier Version). This is a healthier version of the classic mapo tofu, using lean ground chicken instead of ground pork and making tofu, the star of the dish.
A Chef Gets Honest About Turkey Tips -- And Brining. Do I really need to give my 18-pound turkey an overnight beauty bath?
Easy Cocktails For A Happy Thanksgiving. The holiday season has arrived, and with Turkey Day just around the corner, we're getting into the spirit with a handful of easy-to-make cocktails
Thanksgiving Activities for Kids. Grow a Tree of Thanks
Recipe Of The Day. With barley, apples and thyme.
Recipe Of The Day. Eating healthy has never beent this easy.
Two Favorite Thanksgiving Side Dishes. If you're looking for a couple of delicious, no-fuss side dishes, here you go!
Have Your Pie And Eat It, Too. A vegan pumpkin pie that's just as indulgent and satisfying as the 'real' thing.
The Guest Who's Coming to Dinner - Maple-Walnut Cranberry Tart. Maple Cranberry Tarts are easy to make, and the ingredients can be found in any supermarket, even if you have to drive to one on Thanksgiving eve.
A New Way to Celebrate Thanksgiving. Another year, another honey-hued turkey gracing the dining room table surrounded by family and sounds of football. Thanksgiving is here again.
A Newfound Respect for Martha Stewart. I have nothing but the utmost respect for one Martha Stewart, who seems to keep her pies (and occasionally her personality) as frigid as possible. Though I should warn Ms. Stewart to watch her back. My mom may be coming for her job.
Thanksgiving Quiz Helps You Plan Your Menu. Seriously, you're going to be playing with this all day.
Mighty Spice vs. BarChick -- Round 2. I have teamed up with the awesome BarChick ladies to bring you a definitive A-Z guide of eating and drinking in the capital - Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. I do the food, and they do the booze. Enjoy.
Gluten-Free Pecan Pumpkin Bread. 
Lentils Made Easy in the Microwave. Here's a very easy way to make a hearty red lentil dish. It takes about 15 minutes, and you don't need any fancy equipment. And it's only the beginning -- just like with rice or quinoa, once you have the technique down, there are many possibilities.
You Are My Sunshine -- Butterscotch-Banana Blondies. Butter! Once we were able to return to the apartment after Hurricane Sandy, I wanted the smell of brown butter to once again fill the kitchen. The bars of gold and silver wrapped Kerrygold butter sat on the cool floor tiles awaiting our retrieval, like treasures resting in Gringotts Wizarding Bank.
Thanksgiving Recipes. There's no need to look any further.
Budget Thanksgiving Dinner. If you stick to a budget, you can still have your pie and eat it too.
What to Serve with the Bird. You've got the bird, now you need some delicious ideas to go with it. How about creamy Butternut Squash Soup, Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon, Pecans and Maple Syrup, or a Gingered Carrot Souffle?
7 Ways To Save A Turkey. \Gravy has a lot of magical powers.\
The Artichoke Bread Recipe We Can't Get Out Of Our Heads. We'd like to let our friends and family know that they will be eating this in the near future.
8 Wines To Serve With Thanksgiving Dinner. The bottom line is that the wine you like is the best wine for your Thanksgiving but, in case you are searching through all the options, I thought this would be a good time break down some of the classic pairings for Thanksgiving.
Recipe Of The Day. And croissants play a major role.
10 Thanksgiving Side Dishes That Don't Suck. Surprise others (not yourself) this year by trying out some of these tried-and-true favorites.
5 Spiced Thanksgiving Cocktails. The Thanksgiving drinks selection matters almost as much grandma's pumpkin pie.
Silk Bacon Scarf Is Realistic And Delicious Looking (PHOTO). 'Foulard' is French for scarf -- well, please meet the 'Fou Lard.' Get it?
Stuffing Cookies From Downtown Cookie Co. Are A Thanksgiving Delight (PHOTO). You read that correctly
Ultimate Thanksgiving Disaster Kit. If life hands you a cracked or undercooked pie, you don't have to scrap dessert.
QUIZ. Or does the thought of sous-vide and whipping siphons make your head spin?
Recipe Of The Day. It might be the best pudding we've ever had.
Leftover Cranberry Sauce Recipe. During Holiday Season there are usually loads of leftovers to contend with.
Veggieducken. Looking for a veggie-friendly Thanksgiving show-stopper?
An Unlikely Connubial of Pumpkin and Tofu. This healthful pumpkin pie recipe maintains the signature traits of Thanksgiving's beloved dessert -- subtly spiced pumpkin and velvety smooth filling -- while nipping saturated fat in the bud.
Rainbow Chard With Bacon and Beans. Colorful and easy to make, this dish has heat, smokiness and is hearty without being too heavy.
Mulled Wine Recipes To Keep You Warm All Winter. Just because the holiday season is drawing to a close doesn't mean winter's over.
10 Turkey Alternatives For Vegetarians. Just please, whatever you do, hold the Tofurkey.
Thanksgiving, Argentinean Style. Turkey and apples are two staples of the Thanksgiving table that have been reinvented and repurposed in so many ways that they're hardly recognizable. Still, in the sharing spirit of Thanksgiving, let me add some new ones to your list.
Honey Badger BBQ Sauce. And it makes a mean barbecue sauce.
How To Ruin Mashed Potatoes. Master mashed potato makers highlight frequent mistakes.
The Power of Playing With Healthy Food. Young children are already establishing food preferences and it's an important time to have good healthy snacks and meals. Good eating habits don't just happen -- they are taught.
Recipe Of The Day. You've never had cauliflower like this before.
Chinese Scallion Pancakes or Green Onion Pancakes. I usually serve these flavorsome Chinese Scallion Pancakes or Green Onion Pancakes to my family as a snack. They love them so much I usually double the recipe and freeze some to reheat as a speedy breakfast.
Gluten-Free Thanksgiving Recipes (PHOTOS). From cornbread stuffing to pumpkin pie, and all the other dishes in between.
VIDEO. 
What You're Really Paying For With Culinary Exclusivity. Why do we have this urge to eat food that nobody else is eating?
At What Point Is It OK To Admit That You Hate To Cook?. Hating to cook is not politically correct.
The Roast Pumpkin Fondue Recipe From 'Gourmet' That We Can't Stop Making. This cheese-filled pumpkin is one of our favorite cold-weather recipes.
How To Make Your Favorite Thanksgiving Dishes Healthier. How to make Thanksgiving dishes a bit less likely to stretch your waistline.
Burrito Roulette. But be warned, the stakes are high.
10 Recipes, 10 Ways To Deliciously Use Your Thanksgiving Leftovers. My 10 favorite ways to make sure you're not wasting a thing this holiday season.
Three Great Bars East of the Mississippi. While foodies are always looking for new restaurants and art lovers flock to the latest exhibits, bar flies explore the U.S. from coast to coast in search of the best bars in the country. Here are three of the coolest bars that we've found so far.
Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. London has been on fire this year with the Olympics and the Queen's Jubilee. The city is still buzzing and the food and drink scene has never been better.
Salt Tasting. Some ideas to get your own salt tasting party underway.
Secrets For Making The Best Grilled Cheese Ever. Inspired by the classic cheese plate, this grilled cheese is sweet and savory.
Vintage-Inspired Holiday Recipes From 'The Way We Ate' And 'Sweet Paul' (PHOTOS). A sneak peek of The Way We Ate's vintage-inspired holiday menu for Sweet Paul magazine.
Recipe Of The Day. Get dinner on the table in no time.
10 Quick Ways To Become A Better Cook. Cook often, make what you like, drink wine -- we agree with these tips!
The Best Thanksgiving Side Dish. Make a stand for your favorite recipe
Thanksgiving Portion Control With The Zeroll EZ Dishers. Added bonus
WATCH. Meet Jolene Collins, the founder and artisan behind Jojo's Sriracha in Brooklyn, NY.
You're About To Find Your Perfect Thanksgiving Turkey Recipe. From traditional roasted turkeys, to a sous vide bath, to a deep fryer, we've got it all.
Soda vs Pop vs. Coke. Or a coke?
Recipe Of The Day. Steak this good is hard to find.
How To Clean Your Pots And Pans. And your kitchen appliances too!
Butternut Squash With Ginger Root and Noodle Broth. This soup is hot and laced with tons of ginger to keep anyone warm and happy. Enjoy it on a cold winter day!
Two Ingredient Caramel Ice Cream. Like many, I believe in the magical powers of ice cream. I also believe that homemade ice cream will always trump the store bought kind, but I know not everyone has an ice cream machine at the ready. Enter this Two Ingredient Caramel Ice Cream.
Hot Chocolate Trimming Kit Makes Your Cocoa Adorable (PHOTO). Until very recently, we hadn't considered the cuteness of our hot chocolate.
Fresh from the Farmers Market. An excellent source of dietary fiber and vitamin C, spaghetti squash also contains vitamin B6, potassium, and magnesium. Plus, it's low-cal! This recipe uses hazelnuts and breadcrumbs to offer a crunchy contrast to the silky spaghetti ribbons.
Sofia Mini. And don't worry about having to pop the cork.
Sick Of Turkey? Try These Alternative Recipes For Thanksgiving. No one said you have to eat turkey during the holidays.
Food Tattoos. It seems like everyone from food writers to plain old food lovers are getting into the food tattoo game.
Get Down & Dirty With Hot Peppers. To the uninitiated, spiciness is binary
5 Of The Best Bittersweet Cocktails. Even if nothing ails you, try fixing one of these five tipples containing a range of bitters.
Recipe Of The Day. They make Fridays even better.
The Best Sweet Potato Recipes For Thanksgiving. It's time to step up your holiday feast.
Cute Cat Pics. And he's kind of cute.
Ernie Button's Cerealism Series. Sugary cereals are no longer just for breakfast.
How Did Shirley Temple Get A Drink Named After Her?. Like most food lore, there are conflicting accounts of the drink's origin.
The Only 8 Recipes You Need To Master. Improving your skills in the kitchen is all about progression.
5 Ways Wine Can Be A Part Of A Healthy Diet. You don't often hear it, but wine can be part of a healthy diet.
How To Cook The Perfect Fried Egg. Have you been doing it all wrong?
Hard Cider Facts From Angry Orchard (PHOTO). You've probably noticed that hard cider is enjoying a bit of a renaissance this year.
Deep-Dish Cookie Pies. Say hello to my new favorite dessert and now my entire family's new favorite dessert. The reaction to these deep-dish cookie pies from my family was priceless.
Recipe Of The Day. You know you want one.
Chili With Bacon and Mushrooms. The first cold snap of the season always means one thing
How To Cook Bacon In A Waffle Maker. Hint
DIY Cheese Plate For Thanksgiving Entertaining (PHOTO). For step by step instructions, check out Wit & Whistle's DIY cheese plate tutorial. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste
Recipe Of The Day. Dinner is served.
Carrot Recorder. Just like a recorder.
The Thanksgiving Pie Recipes You've Been Waiting For All Year. This year, pies are going to the next level.
BioLite CampStove. What more could you want?
Gravy Is Not Optional On Thanksgiving, So Make Sure Your Recipe Rules. With these recipes and a little forward planning, your gravy will be legendary.
6 Apple-Picking Tricks to Get You the Tastiest Pie of the Season. There's nothing like taking your kids walking through lush orchards and gathering apples to use for all different sorts of snacks and treats, from fresh-baked pie to caramel apples. Here, six tips and tricks on picking the most primo apples.
Get Down & Dirty With Grapes. Even at the best farmers' markets you'll only find a handful of different types of \table grapes.\
Bacon Spoons And Bowls Do Exist (PHOTOS). And you should be eating with them.
The Crouton Cone. We're starting to think that there isn't a single food out there that isn't better in cone form.
Pickle Recipes. Make no mistake, summer is not the only season for pickling.
Italian-American Foods. Vote for your favorite classic dish!
Asian Mayonnaise. Taken from Jean-Georges Vongerichten and Mark Bittman's cookbook Simple to Spectacular this Asian mayonnaise is creamy and savory, and pairs well with fish, vegetables or pickled eggs.
Finger Biscuits. They make eating Nutella a whole lot easier.
The Story Of A FreshDirect Order. They travel a lot further than you might expect.
Hardware For The Ultimate Tailgate. At LSU, tailgating is as important as the Fighting Tigers themselves.
Recipe Of The Day. Pasta + winter squash = perfection.
Pull Bread With Cheddar, Bacon And Ranch (PHOTO). It's got cheddar, bacon AND ranch.
Melting Glasses By LORIS&LIVIA Are Making Us Feel Tipsy (PHOTO). Do not adjust your computer monitors -- it's not just you -- these melting glasses are real.
How To Split An Apple With Your Bare Hands. Using only your bare hands!!
Ferrero Rocher Recipes Are Perfectly Decadent (PHOTOS). Don't just eat them, bake with them.
Election Day Cocktails. With Election Day tomorrow, many bars and restaurants have gotten into the patriotic spirit by creating cocktails just for the occasion. Here's a few that have of popped up around the country.
Election Eve Munchies. If you want home cooked food, here are some easy-to-make favorites that we like to serve when we're watching the Super Bowl, NBA Playoffs and waiting to celebrate the beginning of another year. Good luck to you and all the candidates you believe in and the propositions you are voting for.
Chicken Thigh Recipes That Prove They're The Best Part Of The Bird. Chicken breasts are stupid -- let's talk thighs.
Making Meatless Charcuterie. By using the same principals applied to meat, Charlito began making a meatless fig salami.
5 Election Day Cocktails. In honor of Tuesday's big day, we've rounded up a handful of election-inspired drinks.
Here's A Visual Guide To Roasting Your Turkey. Even if you've done it before -- chances are you could always use an extra tip or two.
How to Keep Thanksgiving Drama-Free. I went on a search for items to help me (and you) keep the holiday drama-free (well, at least in the kitchen), and turn out a meal that will make my guests ask, \Did you have help with this?\
Recipe Of The Day. With the same flaky pie crust topping.
Meatballs and Red Sauce - My Kind of Comfort Food. Now that I've gotten the hang of making meatballs, I'm out proselytizing for the cause.  You can make them too -- and join the ranks of the folks who make meatballs themselves.
Cheeky Dogs And Cats Sitting At The Dinner Table Just Don't Understand They're Not Human. Set an extra place setting for diner.
5 Perfect Ginger Cocktails. Try one of these unapologetically gingery drinks and you'll appreciate its subtle beauty.
Obama vs. Romney. Cheers to democracy -- let's party!
So Apparently, We've Been Eating Strawberries All Wrong. I love being wrong, even with something as trivial as eating a strawberry.
Top 10 Food Bloggers Of November. You won't be able to stop looking.
Bacon Wrapped Sushi. Or are you getting your chopsticks ready?
Deep Fried Turkey With Sam Sifton And Bon Appetit (VIDEO). Sam Sifton and Bon Appetit demonstrate the safe and delicious way to deep fry a turkey.
Spice Travel. Making this recipe is a broader sensory experience than most others. Plums with brandy and cinnamon glisten as you saut\u00e9 them on the stove top. Not long after your start baking the cake, the vibrant notes of saffron permeate the kitchen.
Comfort Food Recipes. What comfort foods would soothe you most in a time of distress?
Top Chef Releases New Cookbook. From recipes like Lemon Crepes, to her mom's recipe for Italian Fried Cauliflower, Lofaso uses simple, family recipes in both her restaurant and cookbook.
Mango-Spiced Baby Potatoes With Buttermilk Sauce. The potatoes in this recipe are first seared till they are almost cooked tender. Then towards the end of the cooking, the potatoes are seasoned with garlic and mango to prevent them from burning while still flavoring the potatoes.
9 Ways To Dig Root Vegetables. We've picked nine inventive recipes using all sorts of root vegetables from sweet potatoes to celeriac to parsnips.
America's Best Sports Bars. Today's best sports bars reimagine what the collective sports experience really is.
Cooking Without Power. Give your taste buds some much needed relief with totally minimal effort.
Cheez It Recipe. And they're better for you too.
Recipe Of The Day. The best in chocolate desserts.
Election Predictor. If you had to eat the diet of the winning candidate for the next four years, whose would it be?
Day Of The Dead, Decoded. With lots of sugar skulls, tamales and booze.
Onion Recipes. If someone nearby has onion-breath, it's probably us.
How To Deseed A Pomegranate. And 28 great recipes to use it in.
Soft Pretzel Bread Recipes (PHOTOS). And it's a very good thing.
A Barbecue Guide To Chinatown. Come with me on a magical journey of meat.
What Comedian Mo Rocca Eats For Breakfast. \I still don't know how to cook and that's just unacceptable,\ he says.
Around The World In 8 Doughnuts. Originally a Portuguese Lenten confection, these round fritters first came to the Pacific in the late 1800s with Azorean sugar plantation workers.
Quesadilla Recipes That Go Way Beyond Cheese. We're mixing things up.
Recipe Of The Day. It'll make you feel infinitely better.
Latte Art. Don't you wish these gorgeous designs were in your latte?
Pepsi White, Orange-Flavored Clear Cola, To Get December 11 Release In Japan. Japanese blog NariNari reports that Pepsi's Japanese distributor, whiskey maker Suntory, just announced plans to release
The Bird That Goes Around, Stays Around. Plus, some surprising stats about this dish.
Vernors Ginger Ale Is America's Oldest And Michigan's Favorite. Vernors is a very sweet, pale golden ginger ale, but what makes it special to us are the bubbles.
5 Last-Minute Halloween Recipes. We've got your Halloween party menu covered with these five spooky recipes.
Perfect Seasonings. Benevolent chefs
Accidental Locavore Top Things Too Stinky to Cook?. As odoriferous as Indian food and fish are, there are other offenders.  The top stinky foods for me has to be grilled or seared salmon, Thanksgiving turkey, fried foods and stinky cheese! What pungent foods do you avoid?
7 Kid-Friendly Cooking Projects For A Rainy Halloween Day. The kids are home from school, and you want to keep them entertained -- and fed.
Finally! Hello Delicious, Gluten-Free Baking. We have all seen the craze of gluten-free. Whether your doctor recommends you adhere to a gluten-free diet or you are simply choosing to, there are tons of great GF flours out there to play with.
Cooking Up A Frankenstorm. Stay safe -- and eat well too.
How to Decorate a Spooky Halloween Cake for Halloween (Video). Fondant is a popular way to decorate cakes for many occasions. It's almost like working with play dough, only it's sweet!
Jerusalem Cookbook. Tamimi
Why The Chicken Oyster Is Every Cook's Favorite Part. We're here to let you in on every cook's favorite secret
Food Safety Tips For Hurricane Preparedness. Easy steps you can take for Hurricane preparedness.
Recipe Of The Day. Mondays are hard. Pancakes make them better.
Tater Tot Recipes That Make Potatoes Proud (PHOTOS). Get ready to see more tater tots than you could ever have hoped for.
Hot Chocolate On A Stick. Skip the cocoa powder, and get chocolate on a stick.
Gluten-Free and Vegan Lemon Swiss Chard Penne. See here for the directions to this recipe for Gluten-Free and Vegan Lemon Swiss Chard Penne. Enjoy!
This Celiac Was Hungry, Then She Ate My Pizza. She had one major request she had of our time together
Taste Test. We couldn't be happier about Sweden's first Scotch-style whisky, Mackmyra.
Retro Halloween Food Ads. These Halloween themed magazine and newspaper advertisements, span those quaint decades before the internet and cable television ruined children.
Red Cup Koozie Keeps Us Young. It's like a cloak of invisibility for your beer.
What You're Eating And Cooking During Hurricane Sandy. As predicted, we're mostly thinking about food during Hurricane Sandy.
10 Recipes For Before, During, And After The Frankenstorm. Frankenstorm is coming. We are officially in hoarding mode, and we are not ashamed. Forget the Spam, the Saltines, the crackers and the peanut butter; here are 10 recipes to make-ahead, to whip up from your pantry.
8 Halloween Treats. Peanut butter cups, caramels and, of course, chocolate -- will surely leave your guests believing they've been treated rather than tricked.
A Visit To Kerry Hotels In Shanghai And Beijing. Kerry Hotels -- the newest lifestyle brand from the Shangri La group -- have recently opened up their first two hotels in Shanghai and Beijing.
5 Reasons Why This Is The Last Season Of MTV's Jersey Shore. It's the last season of the hit reality TV show MTV's \Jersey Shore.\ Here, the top five reasons the party's over.
What Kind Of Halloween Candy Are You? (QUIZ). Are you more candy corn or Pop Rocks?
5 Frightfully Good Halloween Cocktails. This year, we suggest you fix one of these five eerily good cocktails. Happy Halloween!
It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World of Basque Peppers (Video). It's a mad, mad, mad mad world of Basque peppers featuring a virtual who's who of the pepper variety kingdom. Manuel Recio, of Viridian Farms, takes us on a guided tour of the many star-studded attractions peppered throughout his farm.
Beef Heart. In some parts of the world, it's considered a delicacy.
Food Jewelry Of Etsy. Need a ring shaped like a cake or a six-foot sub necklace? Etsy's got you covered.
Dessert Recipes To Make With Your Leftover Halloween Candy. It's the best part of Halloween.
Recipe Of The Day. You can now feel good about your bacon habit.
Halloween Treats. I couldn't resist these ghoulish Halloween cupcakes. Why not try making your own? Here is one of my favourite recipes from the mighty Eric Lanlard, Key lime cupcakes.
Sushi Cake Recipes. We don't want to act crazy, but maybe we'll ask for these for our birthdays for the rest of time?
The Faroe Islands. Honest Cooking Editor in Chief Kalle Bergman went to the Faroe Islands to feast on some of the best seafood in the world.
American Sparkling Cider Cocktails. With lightly sweet flavors and a soft fizziness, hard sparkling ciders from American craft producers are a fantastic fall alternative to sparkling wine or soda water in cocktails.
Sushi Art. It's even more fun to eat.
Spooktacular Halloween Treats. Throwing a monster bash this Halloween? Here are five quick and easy Halloween treats to get you and your guests into the spirit of things.
The Best Baked Macaroni And Cheese. Can we talk comfort food for a second? I think it's a category in a state of constant flux.
Oreo Cup Warmer Plugs Into Your USB Port, Hugs Your Coffee. This is one hot cookie (sorry).
Banoffee Pie With Rum Bananas. 
When Fire Met Food, The Brains Of Early Humans Grew Bigger. If it weren't for making a meal, we wouldn't be where we are today.
Recipe Of The Day. A step up from banana bread.
How To Eat Brains For Halloween (PHOTOS). Just channel your inner zombie.
The Real Greek Salad. I love the horiatiki salad, because it is healthy and almost decadent at the same time, just like most Greek food. But before we go on with the recipe, we need to clear up a few misconceptions.
How to Throw a Pumpkin Carving Party. You don't have to be a five-year-old to love pumpkin carving. It's one of those fun Halloween parties that doesn't require costumes, but also provides a great activity to incorporate earlier in the evening, before haunted houses are entered and/or heavy drinking commences.
Craft Beer Takes Over NYC at the Craft Beer Festival. Craft beer festivals have been taking over event spaces nationwide, popping up year round to offer the palates of beer connoisseurs new and unique ales and lagers. For a more in-depth understanding, I spoke to Jim Pickett, the NYC Craft Beer Festival's beer curator.
Christina Tosi's 7 Craziest Cookie Ingredients. Momofuku Milk Bar chef-owner Christina Tosi is infamous for her madcap take on dessert.
Top 6 Scary-Good Wines For Halloween. The ghouls are beginning to crawl out, spiderwebs are getting tangled, decorations and candy are abound and we are all getting into Halloween party mode.
Root Vegetable Recipes That Are Good For Your Health (PHOTOS). There are so many more options beyond carrots.
Easy to Make Roasted Peppers and Corn Tamales (Video). Tucked away in a nondescript section of downtown Beaverton -- a stones throw from Portland, Oregon -- there's a small, cozy restaurant that is known for their Central American cuisine. It's aptly named Gloria's Secret Caf\u00e9.
Dessert Cocktails Let You Drink Your Sweets (PHOTOS). Sweet cocktails satisfy both cravings in one.
Parks And Recreation's Tom Haverford Food Slang. Cakes are just big ol' cookies, and so much more.
The Aviation Cocktail. Think you hate gin? Think again. The Aviation is here.
Victory Brewing Company, Veterans In A Field Of Craft Novices, Preps For Expansion. But that limitation, at least, will soon be addressed. In June, Victory will open a huge new brewhouse 14 miles away, in
Food Processor Recipes. Time to start short-cutting!
Time To Graduate From Cream Cheese. If the height of your spreadable cheese indulgence hasn't yet gone beyond smearing foil-wrapped cream cheese over a bagel or toast, it's time to look beyond the rectangular dairy brick.
How To Make All Your Poutine Dreams Come True At Home. Our favorite dish from our Canadian neighbors.
Salad Days. Some people won't eat meat because they think it's cruel to animals, or because of health concerns. My reason is a little different
Recipe Of The Day. You've never had pasta this good.
Dark Chocolate Recipes In Honor Of National Chocolate Day. Come join the dark side.
Tofu Recipes Everyone Will Want To Eat For Dinner. Who knew tofu could taste this good?
Hexaflexagon Quesadillas Just Might Work (VIDEO). We know you want to give it a try.
Roasted Butternut Squash Over Farro And Chickpeas With Toasted Cumin Yogurt Dressing. One of my all time favorite vegetarian recipes is this fall dish filled with roasted butternut squash, farro grains, and chickpeas.
Buffalo Chicken Burgers With Sweet And Tangy Coleslaw. These burgers are a healthy change from the usual beef burgers. Top them with some fresh and colorful coleslaw.
Celebrate Chinese Double Ninth Festival With 9-Layer Cake. Double Ninth Festival in China is a favorite holiday, not only because it honors the elderly, but also because of its delicious combination of sweet cakes and chrysanthemum tea.
Japanese Dessert Recipes. Our burgeoning obsession with mochi, kanten and red bean paste.
Crowd Pleasing Mac and Cheese. Long before I knew anything about my latest blog crush Jillee, I was a devotee of The HillBilly Housewife. HH is a very rustic website that's all about making things on the cheap. I'm talking serious no-frills everything. I think this mama even rolls her own tampons. She's hardcore.
'The Onion' Makes A Dream Omelet That Is Both Horrifying And Hilarious. Today in please-help-me-I-can't-stop-laughing news, we bring you The Onion's \Dream Omelet.\
How To Eat Vegan Even In A One-Stoplight Town. So you don't live on the Upper East Side. Perhaps you live in small-town America. Here's a small-town girl's guide to eating vegan wherever you live.
What Is Jidori Chicken?. I first encountered Jidori chicken last year at the Skyline restaurant atop the Huntley Hotel in Los Angeles.
Growing Your Own Coffee? Choose The Best Plants For Your Region. The terrain here in Costa Rica varies sometimes from footstep to footstep. When we decided on growing coffee, we set out to find a coffee plant that would meet our unique requirements.
The World's 6 Scariest Restaurants. The cult of extreme eating -- be it a dinner date with KFC's Double Down or following the path of Andrew Zimmern -- has become surprisingly mainstream.
Recipe Of The Day. Comfort food that's good for you.
Bulgarian Feta. To all my Greek friends
Haunted Gingerbread Houses. These gingerbread creations will haunt your house.
Halloween Recipes. Another creepy, but tasty, recipe for the 31st.
Cutting Crosswise vs. Lengthwise. Stop worrying whether you're cutting your veggies correctly.
Crispy Baked Lemongrass Chicken Wings. If you are looking for a crispy chicken wings recipe that doesn't involve any deep-frying, then give my Crispy Baked Lemongrass Chicken Wings recipe a try.
Savory Oatmeal For Breakfast. Savory, you may ask? Yes! Because oatmeal starts as a pretty flavorless dish, you can add some needed excitement quite easily and it doesn't have to involve sweets!
Sriracha To-Go Packets. Always have the chile sauce at the ready.
Thanksgiving Potato Recipes. They have a place on the breakfast, lunch and dinner table, not to mention dessert.
How to Better Experience the Seasons? Through Food. Whether in a tiny kitchen or an endless field of fruiting trees, you can still experience the familiar chords of every season strike through rituals with seasonal produce. You don't get the full experience of this from the largely hands-off ritual of dining out.
Halloween Cocktail Party Food For Grown-Ups, No Babies Allowed (PHOTOS). These Halloween party menu ideas are not for wimps.
Liquid Legacy. After my mother passed away last year, I was tasked with emptying out her house in Los Angeles. I found a wheeled, wrought-iron bar cart bearing funny swizzle sticks, a wooden monkey and four old bottles of whiskey. What now?
Hello Kitty Sushi. And you might even like it.
5 Tantalizing Rye-Whiskey Cocktails. Over the last few years, rye whiskey has seen a huge rise in popularity, thanks in part to shows like \Mad Men\ and the recent speakeasy craze.
Grits Recipes Aren't Just For Breakfast Anymore (PHOTOS). And they're more than just a breakfast food.
Halloween Cocktails. These devious drinks are for the adults only.
7 Deliciously Frightful Halloween Recipes. Regardless of whether you are too old for haunted houses or young enough to still be terrified by bowls of blood (ketchup), Halloween is a time for parties, costumes or otherwise.
Spiced Fig Preserves. This preserve uses whole figs that have their stems removed but I keep their skins because I like them.
Sugar, Spice And Everything Nice. The leaves are changing colors and the temperatures are dropping, which means it's time to cozy up in the house and bake.
No Debate Here. Writer Joyce Maynard's philosophy is that pie brings people together.
Creative Ways To Use Canned Pumpkin. What to do with that extra can of pumpkin during the holidays? Here are some easy recipes that go well beyond pie filling.
Recipe Of The Day. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Check out these beef stew recipes
How To Make The Most Beautiful Cookies In The World (PHOTO). Cherry blossoms and sugar cookies, it doesn't get much better.
Homemade Limoncello. If you've ever had limoncello, you definitely remember it.
Recipe Of The Day. It's the best thing that's ever happened to bread.
What Celebrities Talk About When They Talk About Food. He has to watch his figure too.
Roasted Asparagus Market Salad. Serve this roasted asparagus market salad with ginger soy salmon, a bacon and sun dried tomato quiche, or with a simple ginger and parsnip soup.
The Right Way To Cook Everything. I'm not one for rigidity in the kitchen, but there are some foods, I think, that should be made a certain way.
Best Cheesesteaks Outside Of Philly. Here's how to satisfy that cheesesteak craving for those residing outside of Philadelphia.
Dinner for One. It's incredibly difficult to cook a real meal for just one person, but sometimes the thought of yet another Lean Cuisine is enough to provoke a hunger strike.
Futuristic Toasters. These toaster concepts aren't that far from being a reality.
Chocolate Croissants Are Crying On The Inside (PHOTO). How did we miss the signs?!
Table Etiquette. Learn to do it as an Italian would.
Epic Apple Pie-Buttermilk Shake. Epic. It's my new favorite word. I can't stop saying it. And I'm sure everyone around me can't stand hearing it.
The Grossest, Goriest Halloween Recipes Ever (PHOTOS). The sight might turn your stomach, but we promise the taste won't.
Gail Simmons And Eric Ripert Make Welsh Rarebit For 'On The Table' (VIDEO). Gail is really serious about her eggs.
Hoopla Chicken Lasagna. It is about this time of year where I start to really crave some comfort foods. I want chili, soups, and meals that will stick to my bones if you know what I mean.
The Knuckle Pounder Meat Tenderizer. Is that ribeye acting all tough again? Or, perhaps you'd just like to keep a few cutlets in line?
Why Pumpkin Is The New Bacon. Pumpkins have never been very popular as an ingredient -- until now.
The Worst Halloween Candy. Don't be the bad candy house.
'Details' Names Best Museum Restaurants To Visit Now. Museum food has really stepped up its game in recent years.
Flour + Water - San Francisco. I have just been in America where I was in San Francisco for work. Eating in San Francisco was an utter pleasure and there were so many fabulous places to choose from.
30 Twists On Apple Pie Recipes To Switch Up Your Baking Game. It's time to OD on apple and cinnamon.
Recipe Of The Day. There's no better way to start the day.
Modernist Cuisine. With online lessons in modernest cuisine techniques.
Pesto Recipes In Every Flavor (PHOTOS). It's time to give other greens a try.
How To Make Bread And Butter Pickles (VIDEO). For those looking for their first canning adventure, or for those new to pickling cucumbers, Yeoman's shows you the complete process, and how easy it is to make your own fresh pickles.
Apples, Apples Everywhere! Quick Post-Apple Picking Recipes!. Hay rides, corn mazes and trips to local apple picking farms can create wonderful Fall traditions.
Mexican Recipes. Throw an authentic Mexican party worthy of a Mariachi band serenade.
Ambrosial Wine and Local Cuisine. \Will you be joining us for breakfast?\ asks Katja, a pleasant smile on her face. As scents of Vermont maple syrup, sizzling bacon and fluffy pancakes fill my nostrils, I don't need to think about the answer.
Lemon Pizza. This pizza was sturdy yet chic, creamy yet tart, suave with a bit of a bite. A word of advice
How To Make The Best Nacho Cheese (VIDEO). Sorry Velveeta, we just don't need you anymore.
Recipe Of The Day. Try this pasta recipe topped with broccoli rabe and walnut pesto.
For Your Bucket List. If you've never tasted fennel, put it on your bucket list. What is fennel? A perennial vegetable, fennel is a member of the carrot family, along with anise, dill, parsley, caraway and coriander.
Top 10 U.S. Wine Destinations. Find out which U.S. wine destinations made TripAdvisor's list.
Aziz Ansari Tweets About Tacos, Trader Joe's. Great food Tweets from our favorite \Parks And Recreation\ actor.
Sweet Honey Raspberry Salad. Read here for the directions on how to assemble and cook this Sweet Honey Raspberry Salad.
Quick And Creative After-School Snacks. Snacking is a high-pressure affair for kids and parents alike. With the kids badgering you for food, it's easy to get stumped or reach for prepackaged solutions.
$400, 21-Pound Giant Block Of Parmesan For Sale In Fredericton Supermarket (PHOTO). We have a question about the portion size
Applejack. Fall is Applejack's season and has been for some time -- not just for us, but for America.
Magnus Nilsson On F\u00e4viken. Called the \world's most daring restaurant,\ F\u00e4viken, located in northwestern Sweden, is run by chef Magnus Nilsson -- who has been described as \part Viking lumberjack and part Shaman.\
A Guide To Natural And Artificial Sweeteners. Choosing a sweetener has never been stickier. Here\u2019s a look at seven common ones.
Apple Brown Betty Redux. Until now, I had never tried an apple brown Betty. It is absolutely delicious and easy to make.
So Apparently, We've Been Using Soda Cans All Wrong. If you use a straw to drink soda out of a can, chances are you're doing it all wrong.
Nuts About It. With fall settling in for a stay, there's no shortage of good, local, fresh ingredients for creative baking, but I can't stop thinking of peanut butter, specifically Crunchy Peanut Butter Banana Pudding and now Peanut Butter & Jelly Cake.
Christopher Walken's Scallop Recipe Has Arrived. Please do this recipe justice by reading it in Christopher Walken's voice.
Bacon And Egg Spaghetti. Seriously.. When I first had hard-boiled eggs in spaghetti sauce, I thought it was weird...until I ate it. Then I thought, WOW, this is good!
A Trip Into Meatball Madness. You know this to be true
These Recipes Are Proof That You Can Turn Anything Into A Pot Pie. Well, anything edible -- don't get weird.
Burger Bash 2012 Winners. Which of these 28 burgers were the best?
Apples To Apples. It's October, people, which means
Think Again, Moroccan Cuisine Is Worth the Trip. For the traveler to Morocco pleasure lies in the unknown and the unexpected, in those tasty surprises that may be just around the next corner.
Meatball Madness 2012. In the mood for meatballs? Check out the photos from this epic event.
Alma's Prune Cake. Just when I think I've found a recipe that can only be reserved for That Place Where Recipes Go To Die, it resurfaces into something fresh, unique and worthy of a second chance.
Recipe Of The Day. Serve them on a pretzel roll with sauteed apples.
5 Dreamy Nightcaps. If you have trouble switching off your thoughts at night, consider adding a nightcap to your evening routine.
Traditional Huanca\u00edna Sauce Recipe. Find out which rich and creamy sauce uses crackers as a secret ingredient.
Candy Corn Recipes For Halloween (PHOTOS). Desserts made with candy corn, and also just baked to look like candy corn.
Soda Recipes. Cakes, brownies, ribs, braised meats, cupcakes, biscuits ... they're all made with soda.
Mobile Kitchen. You're free to cook wherever you please.
Pumpkin Seed Recipes. Leftover pumpkin seeds? Don't toss them out, make these recipes.
Top Shelf American Bars On A Budget. Not every night calls for suits or stilettos. Sometimes it's nice to drop the pomp and circumstance and get seriously sloshed without busting your budget. Here are some of our favorite U.S. drinking dens.
Mochi Kneading Machine Has Totally Blown Our Minds (PHOTOS). Prepare your jaw for dropping
Decoding The Wine Label. For most, a wine label can seem like a foreign language -- and it may even include a foreign language depending on where it was made.
Wild Mushroom Bolognese. Bolognese -- or rag\u00f9, as I knew it growing up -- and I have a long history of discontent.  My go-to method was clunky, incohesive, and lacking finesse -- barely a method at all.
Recipe Of The Day. The king of comfort food. Dig in.
The Pumpkin Bread Recipes You'll Be Making All Fall (PHOTOS). Halloween isn't the only time to enjoy this squash.
The Best Birthday Candles For Your Next Celebration (PHOTOS). Getting older just got a little better.
What To Eat When You Have A Cold. As with most trials and tribulations in life, when we get sick we start to think of food.
Mushroom Tart. Savory tarts are my go-to for a quick bite when friends come over unexpectedly.
Farro Recipes. These recipes give farro a new, modern twist.
We Love Maple Syrup This Much (PHOTOS). Because what would pancakes be without it?
These Oatmeal Recipes Are Worth Waking Up For. These aren't the wretched porridges of your childhood.
The 5 Best Foods For Bourbon. The leaves and the farmer's market stalls aren't the only things that are changing this autumn. Our cocktail culture is easing into a new type of seasonal sipping, white wine spritzers be damned.
The Best Hard Cider Brands. Find out which brands were delicious and which tasted like \cigar smoke.\
Bacon-Wrapped Recipes. Can you ever have too much bacon?
Indian Recipes To Spice Up Your Life. Try your hand at making Indian food. We promise, it's not as hard as you might think.
Cheese. If a little love makes cheese taste so much better, what does it do to everything else we eat?
Melted Witch Push-Up Pops. Finally, blissfully, a Halloween treat we've never seen before.
The Selby Visits Saxelby Cheese In New York (PHOTOS). Cheese is alive. It's edible art. It is an artifact you can chew that represents a specific moment in time.
Pumpkin Stuffed Naans. The arrival of autumn brings in new produce to work with and I am excited. So here it is, something that has been at the back of my mind quite a while now, I just needed to wait for the pumpkins to arrive.
Americanized Macaron Recipes. Peanut butter and jelly, mint chocolate and more.
Black Beans Make The Easiest Meal On The Planet. Dinner has never been so simple.
Toad In The Hole, Egg In A Nest. One of our favorite breakfast dishes has a recurring problem
The Worst Ice Cream Flavor. Bubblegum, cotton candy, birthday cake ... what's the world's grossest flavor of ice cream?
Recipe Of The Day. All the fun of Nutella in the airy package of meringue.
Baking Tips. Never eat a burned baked good again.
5 Cocktails For An Indian Summer. The calendar may say October, but summer's still hanging on in some corners of the country.
America's Best Pizza. Pizza! If you grew up obsessed with it and followed that American passion for cheese, sauce, and bread with an adult pursuit of the best slice, the finest pie, the Platonic Neapolitan, then the idea of naming America's best is likely contentious.
St. Vincent's Tweets On Nutella, Werther's Originals And More. She's spot on when it comes to chicken salad.
Does Paul Qui Ever Sleep?. Austin is a city with a lot of opinions about its food scene, but the one almost unanimous opinion is that the best food trucks in town are the East Side King trucks owned by Chefs Paul Qui and Motoyasu \Moto\ Utsunomiya.
Eat Goats To Save Them. Baby boy goats often have a very different fate than female goats on goat dairy farms. Find out what No Goat Left Behind is doing to change that.
50 Cauliflower Recipes That Will Get You Through The Current Craze. This crucifer is trendy for a reason.
Food Tents By Field Candy Are Basically The Only Way We'll Camp (PHOTOS). Field Candy's food tents are making camping feel especially appealing today.
Sriracha Ice Cream Sandwiches By The Glut Life Are Totally Insane (PHOTO). For one summer-hater, bidding adieu to the season called for an uncommon celebration.
Brian Cox's Scotch Pronunciation Guide For 'Esquire' (VIDEO). Brian Cox, Scotch and a high-backed leather chair.
Bon App\u00e9tit's Guide To Modern Hors D'Oeuvres. We have nothing against the cheese board, but welcome to that wider universe of shrimp rolls, bite-size meatballs, lettuce wraps and more.
How To Flip Food In A Pan Like A Chef, Without Spilling Everything Everywhere (VIDEO). Ever wondered how chefs flip food around in saute pans like it's no big deal?
Recipe Of The Day. Forget dinner, eat pizza in the AM.
30 Ways To Get Even More Nutella In Your Mouth. Because everything's better with Nutella.
Recipe Of The Day. Chocolate and pudding come together in a sublimely buttery pie crust.
The Biscuit Recipes You Need To Make More Often. When you make them from scratch, they're just so good.
Brooklyn Bouillon. Find out what makes a good stock from Rachael Mamane, founder of Brooklyn Bouillon, the first sustainable and traceable small-batch artisan stock company based in Brooklyn, NY.
Love, (Sandwich) & Basketball. Were the titans of food to bestow an award for accomplishment in the field of contrarian invention, I feel sure my father would win.
Latin American Recipes. Experience Latin American flavors from the comfort of your kitchen.
The Best Food Bloggers. Showcasing some of the best recipes on the web.
Sweet & Dreamy Pumpkin Bars Will Make Your Mouth Water. Something sweet and spicy for you to sink your teeth into? I think it's time for some fragrant pumpkin bars -- the dessert that smells almost as heavenly as it tastes.
Starbucks Verismo Review. Starbucks' new machine claims to make coffee just like the real stuff from Starbucks. We tried it out.
English Food. Find out why we think English food shouldn't have such a bad reputation.
Afternoon Tea With A Twist. You know it's fall when you need a few layers to stay warm during an afternoon spent outside. The antidote to an autumnal chill is, of course, a steaming pot of tea.
Whiskey Lovers Rejoice. The calendar may read October, but if you love whiskey, it's like Christmas is already here. Right now distilleries are unlocking their vaults and emptying their casks to release special limited edition bottlings.
Forgotten Torte. Meringues are such great fun to make. And eat!
Friday Night Bites. I am pleased to share with all of you a recipe for Balsamic Fig Jam Brie Cups. I truly have an ongoing love affair with my balsamic fig jam.  It goes with so many things and is, quite frankly, addicting!
The Best Burgers From Burger Trucks. Food trucks have come a long way. No longer the \roach coach\ of old, food trucks have elevated the burger to something worth tracking down -- especially in these nine places.
The End of a Season. Somewhere in the summers of the 1990s I became a tomato junkie.
What To Make With Nutella. I'm sure you've seen those commercials advertising Nutella as a healthy spread for your wholewheat toast for breakfast. You know what I think? I think Nutella is an incredible DESSERT..
Recipe Of The Day. One bite out of this sandwich will ruin all other chicken sandwiches for you -- in a good way.
Quick Bread Recipes In Every Flavor (PHOTOS). Who knew bread could be this good? Check out some of our favorite quick breads.
These French Recipes Are Almost Better Than A Trip To France. It's the centuries of fine cuisine that makes their culinary culture so rich; that, and all the butter.
Perfect Pumpkin Walnut Cheesecake Will Make You Want More. Thankfully, among the many baked good variations out there is this unbelievably amazing and deeee-licious Pumpkin Walnut Cheesecake.
Make Mine Manhattan. If the martini is the undisputed king of gin drinks, the Manhattan rules the whiskey ones.
10 Best Food Quotes From Our Favorite Authors. Voltaire really knows his stuff when it comes to thinking about food.
Fractal Utensils We Wish Were Real (PHOTOS). A set of utensils that nearly defies every law of physics known to man.
Electric Pizza Cutter Is One Of The Silliest Things We've Ever Seen. An electric pizza cutter -- what could possibly go wrong?
Advice To Young Chefs. I can usually tell if someone is going to make it in the industry after a couple of minutes with them. So, in order to speed up the process, I thought I would jot down a couple of tidbits that can help a young chef navigate the decision-making process.
How To Make Jim Meehan's Croquet Cooler Cocktail  (VIDEO). Yes, it's technically fall, but that doesn't mean we can't enjoy those last warm and summery days of the year without a cooling
Cooking Light Magazine's Light Up The Night (VIDEO). With the recent focus in food moving toward healthier eating, many people are looking for recipes that are just as flavorful
World's Best Casino Dining. From Las Vegas to Monte Carlo and Singapore, phenomenal chefs have opened restaurants in casinos around the world. Here are Food & Wine's best picks for casino dining.
Diet Coke Brownie Recipe. Can brownies made with Diet Coke taste good?
What's For Dinner?. Lately -- or I should say, since I no longer am in the work force -- I have taken up experimenting with some new dishes.
Fifty Shades Of S'Mores. However it first emerged, the sandwich-cookie concept is sheer mathematical genius
Maison Kayser. So, what was for lunch? And how does the newest contender for croissant excellence in Manhattan measure up?
Doritos Grinder Hack For Chip Lovers. We bet you never thought you'd be putting Doritos in your pepper grinder.
Presidential Food Obsessions. From jelly beans to cheeseburgers and oddities like cottage cheese with ketchup, some presidents' food obsessions.
America's Best Harvest Festivals. Local agriculture + pie. It doesn't get much better.
All The Bloody Mary Recipes You Need For The Rest Of The Year. You want these.
Our Favorite Food GIFs (PHOTOS). Swirling coffee, steaming ramen, oozing cheese, melting brisket. Hungry yet?
Pumpkin Spice Food Items Available Now (PHOTOS). Pumpkin Pop Tarts, anyone?
Slightly Tipsy Pear And Chocolate Jam. Last Wednesday I picked up the weekly newspaper insert from our local paper. Three articles on canning were featured. As I scrolled down the page, I came to a recipe for pear and chocolate jam. Pear. Chocolate. Jam.
Kale And Sweet Potato Soup. Packed with vitamins and nutrients, this easy kale and sweet potato soup makes a great  late night snack or healthy lunch.
Homemade Raviolis Better Than An Italian Grandmother's. You'll be making ravioli like a real Italian grandma in no time.
Recipe Of The Day. Caramelized onions, pear and blue cheese top this beauty.
Blueberry And Chocolate Jam. Chocolate in jam
Fall Salad Recipes To Stay Healthy This Season (PHOTOS). Get inspired by seasonal produce.
Recipe Of The Day. Could there possibly be a better way to start the day than with a big ol' stack of pancakes? You might be surprised to hear
The Best Root Beer. Vote now in the final round! It's Stewart's vs. IBC.
Pizzas From Around The World (PHOTOS). We're loving these versions from Hungary, France, Japan, Spain and more.
'Mad Men' Video. Check out every drink that Don Draper and Co. have imbibed.
Quinoa Pilaf With Shiitake Mushrooms, Carrots And Pecans. To begin, bring the chicken broth and quinoa to a boil, then cover the pot and simmer for 15 minutes. It will look like this
Cheesecake Stuffed Strawberries. Have you been eating your strawberries au naturale? Covered in chocolate? Well, you've been eating them all wrong. You should
The Gooiest, Creamiest Caramel Recipes You'll Ever Find. In a boring dessert rut? HuffPost Taste to the rescue!
The Incredible Edible Egg. Hooray, eggs are back in vogue!  Have you noticed the appearance of poached eggs, deviled eggs, and hard-cooked eggs on restaurant menus?  I'm not talking about diners, I mean our trendy, celeb-chef digs.  I couldn't be happier for the return of this little nutrition packed ovoid.
Flavorwire. As the bookish among you are most likely aware, literature and liquor have gone hand in hand since time immemorial. But while
5 One-Skillet Dinners For Easy Clean-Up. These five recipes make a good case for stocking your kitchen with two large skillets in particular
Scratch the Pam. You could use a store-bought cooking spray to keep from getting in this sticky situation, but you might as well just spray your food with unnecessary additives and chemicals.
11 Foods You Won't Believe Aren't Meat (SLIDESHOW). Vegetarianism can be a scary idea for the modern carnivore. Fortunately, food is versatile, and foodies are even more so
Bacon Weave. To make a bacon weave, interlace the strips of bacon as one would a lattice top for a pie. Bake the weaves in a 350 degree
How To Make Cookies On The Stove. \Baking\ cookies on the stove top is similar to making pancakes. Melt butter in a skillet on low heat. Using your favorite
Recipe Of The Day. Sadly, fall means summer has come to an end. But, it also means chili season is just beginning. And chili season is something
Vein-Shaped Wine Carafes By French Artist Etienne Meneau Are Stunning (PHOTOS). What do you guys think? Vines? Veins? Antlers? These incredible sculptures are made of highly durable borosilicate glass
Food Fermentation For Beginners. To the untrained cook, fermentation can seem a little scary. In the age of pasteurized and processed foods, letting your food seem to spoil on purpose seems a bit counterintuitive.
Neil Patrick Harris' Food Porn Collection (PHOTOS). Not only does he love food, but he's also the guy at the restaurant who takes pictures of all his dishes, which are often
Goji Berry Recipes To Help You Get The Most Out Of This Superfood. Don't know how to use 'em? We've got you covered.
Rethinking Fall Cocktails. People salivate on line at Starbucks eagerly awaiting their pumpkin spice lattes and delight in slipping on lightweight jackets to compliment the blushing foliage.  Why too shouldn't lifting the year's first glass of Apple Brandy be part of the tradition?
Foodieleaks Continues. No more awkward nibbling in public, no more frosting in your nostrils, just pure blissful frosting-to-cake ratio in every bite.
Staging At El Celler de Can Roca. I am not a chef, but a professional swimmer who won two Olympic gold medals in the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Now you're probably wondering what on earth I am doing working in the number two restaurant in the world?
Time For The Moon Festival And The 'Bunny Girl'. The harvest moon is a time of great celebration in China. The holiday is held during the eighth full moon of the lunar year (Sept. 30 in 2012). Traditional foods are an important part of this major Chinese celebration.
What The Kitchen Staff Eat. Why is the staff meal important? Making a big deal of staff food helps build team morale and raises standards. From a chef's
Baking Green Tomato Tarts. A sweet tart made with spiced tomato jam, almond pastry tart crust and vanilla ricotta cream filling. It's easy to make and can be prepared ahead of time.
Amazingly Easy Autumn Apple Crisp. Apple season is officially here! The taste of crisp, juicy apples is the definition of fall, at least to me -- along with the feel of soft sweaters and the sound of leaves crunching under my feet.
Celebrate The Harvest... With Apple Butter. Apple butter is rich and delicious, a true treat. But contrary to its name, apple butter doesn't actually contain any butter at all!
5 Java-Spiked Recipes To Celebrate National Coffee Day. Think coffee's only made for the morning? Not quite. Here are five of coffee-fueled recipes that infuse the brazen bean into everything from cocktails to desserts.
Baking Tips. Test out the miracle release pan on these cake recipes. The best solution is to try Veronica's way and make your own. It's
Breakfast-For-Dinner Recipes (PHOTOS). They say breakfast is the most important meal of the day, but many of us just don't have the appetite to eat such large meals
Saturday Is National Coffee Day. For many Americans, coffee is a natural part of their day-to-day routine. Mornings are powered by a hot cup of joe, and it plays a pivotal role in getting the day started off the right way.
The Mighty Beef Burger. Over the past few year burgers have undergone a revolution in London and they have emerged smiling from the Golden Arches. They are finally getting the respect they deserve and great Burgers are cropping up all over the city.
Salted Caramel Custard Mini Pies. These pies are full of creamy salted caramel custard, are not heavy or cloyingly sweet, as you might expect
Five Top Brunch Cocktails. When we talk about having an eye-opener, we don't mean ordering a venti thingamajig from your nearest Starbucks. We're instead referring to a more sophisticated (and adult) type of morning concoction
Recipe Of The Day. Clearly, we love brownies at HuffPost Taste. And we're pretty big fans of cheesecake too. So finding a brownie recipe with
Shirataki Noodle Recipes. If you've ever wished pasta weren't packed with carbohydrates, you're not alone. Too bad there's no such thing as no-carb
Why Is Everything on Pinterest So Beige?. Meanwhile, I'm going to keep posting and searching out a variety of things. While my inner geek may make sure that most of what goes up is bright, colorful and delicious, the ruthless marketer might be looking for the next molten chocolate cake! What do you pin?
A Farm To Keg Beer. I've never really thought about what actually goes into a pumpkin ale. I guess, I thought it was just a blend of spices that gave the beer its signature flavor. Until now.
Oreo Pudding Poke Cake. I don't know what it is about Oreo cookies, but I can't resist them. When they are in my house, I end up going to town on the entire package, a few cookies here and there every single day.
For The Love Of Roots And Cookbooks, An Interview With Cookbook Author Diane Morgan. Newly obsessed with root vegetables, I caught up with Roots\u00a0author Diane Morgan to learn more about the cookbook, the most underrated root vegetable out there and her favorite recipe.
All The Pretzels, Brats And Beer Recipes You Need For Oktoberfest (PHOTOS). Just make sure to pair them with a tall, cold brew.
Cheesecake Recipes You'd Give Anything To Eat. From pumpkin to chocolate to blueberry.
Recipe Of The Day. There's nothing quite like a roast chicken for an autumn dinner. It's simple, rustic and never disappoints. And with a good
39 Savory Recipes For Pumpkin, Because It's About More Than Just Lattes. It's fall, so give up and embrace pumpkin.
The Snapi. We're not talking about the Snapi because it's new. Or because we necessarily think it's a kitchen tool you should know about
Split The Check With These iPhone Apps. There's always someone who suggests we split the check evenly (\That's fine with you right?\ says the person who ordered
America's Best New Cupcakes. With America's cupcake obsession showing no signs of waning, talented pastry chefs at some of the best bakeries in the country
New Mexico Green Chile. 2 cooked chicken breasts (or the equivalent amount of thigh meat, if you know what's good for you), shredded 1 lb. roasted
Top 9 Reasons the Ninth Month Is Not My Favorite. Those of you who know the Accidental Locavore, know September is not my favorite month and here's why.
Pumpkin Ravioli With Brown Butter-Sage Sauce. While I'm usually wont to use up all the pumpkin puree I own in pumpkin pies, quick breads and cake rolls, this season I've discovered a new, savory use
Brussels Sprouts With Pancetta, Garlic, Pine Nuts And Blue Cheese + The Perfect Dinner Party. A good dinner party means clean plates, numerous wine glasses, and empty bottles of wine, laughter and lovely music. It is the kind of evening where everyone wants to linger and no one wants to say goodbye.
How American Chinese Food Came To Be. If you visit any of today's modern Chinese American communities, such as the San Gabriel Valley outside of Los Angeles, Flushing in New York, or numerous areas around San Francisco and Silicon Valley, and even Houston, you will find an interesting array of wonderful and delicious Chinese food.
How And When To Dress A Salad. Are wilted soggy greens looking back at you from your plate? Here are some\nquick and easy tips on how to make the perfect salad.
Matt Eversman Is 28 and About to Open His First Restaurant. Matt Eversman, the 28-year-old chef of the soon-to-open OON in Chicago, visited The Interview Show to talk about his quick rise in Chicago's restaurant scene, his plans for OON, \externing\ for Charlie Trotter and more.
Crosne. While we've seen fruit covered in protective husks (like the gooseberry) and we've enjoyed vegetables that are stark pale
How Jack Daniel's Whiskey Barrels Are Made (VIDEO). Have you ever wondered where Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey gets that characteristic flavor? In whiskey production, the
Anthony Bourdain's Top 5 Bars. \There are a lot of great drinking towns in this world,\ says veteran traveler Anthony Bourdain. \For me, if I have a bar epiphany, it's usually about four o'clock in the afternoon, before the evening crowd comes in.
Parfait Recipes For A Healthy Breakfast (PHOTOS). If you like yogurt, granola and fresh fruit, you'll love parfaits. The great thing about this healthy breakfast option is
Whipped Cream, We Love You This Much (PHOTOS). There are a lot of reasons to love whipped cream. And though some of them are a little dubious, we're here to say that our
Bacon E-Cards And Photos To Ease You Through The Aporkalypse (PHOTOS). And second, a little group therapy -- look at how your fellow bacon-lovers are handling the news. Spoiler alert
Recipe Of The Day. Arancini is made by deep-frying balls of risotto and filling it with the best pasta toppings you can find (think meaty ragu
Chinese Takeout Recipes To Make At Home (PHOTOS). It's definitely a convenience to reach for the Chinese takeout menu when you need dinner on the table right away. But once
Roasted Coconut Harissa Eggplant. Here's a tasty roasted eggplant recipe that's perfect for the Autumn season
Why Doesn't Honey Spoil?. For something to spoil there has to be something to spoil it. Honey is almost unique among organic compounds in that it constitutes a \perfect storm\ of attributes against spoilage.
Simple Weeknight Meal. Now that the temperatures are getting cooler, it's time to think about heartier fare. This easy, porky, one-pot meal brimming with seasonal vegetables is just the ticket.
What Is Farro?. Often used as a substitute for pasta or rice, farro is a grain with a nutty flavor similar to brown rice. It is gluten-free and rich in fiber, magnesium and vitamins A, B, C, and E.
Why Wait For St. Patrick's Day? 7 Irish Whiskeys To Drink Anytime. Apart from the odd glass of Jameson's at corner Irish bars which don't look like they could make a passable cocktail, I've managed to ignore Irish whiskey pretty successfully for most of my drinking life.
Recipe Of The Day. Get the Chicken Smothered in Gravy recipe Looking for more chicken recipes? Check these out. But, without a doubt, some versions
The Best Slow Cookers. When it comes to setting it and forgetting it, these slow cookers are your best bet. Read more on Real Simple
New Uses For Kitchen Items. Inspiring new ways to use a bundt pan, cake stand, chip clips, and more. Read more on Real Simple
How To Cook Kale, Chard And Collard Greens. Learn how to clean, prep, and cook your favorite greens. Read more on Real Simple
HuffPost Deathmatch. And we're not talking about cereal and yogurt here, we mean the greasy spoon diner breakfast menu items like hashbrowns, waffles
How To Store Cheese. Have you been guilty of storing cheese improperly? Leave a comment below. If you've ever had a good piece of cheese go bad
The Recipes That All Garlic Lovers Need In Their Lives. Sometimes we like to let this pungent bulb be the star of the show.
Mac And Cheese With Tater Tots. This was... pretty much exactly how it sounds. Delicious, a marriage of two of our favorite things on earth and a complete
Two Easy Recipes Using Summer Squash (VIDEO). Donald Kotler of TOAST gets creative as he demonstrates how to make two tasty dishes from fresh garden squash
Bacon Shortage Recipes. We're sorry to be alarmists, but we need to talk about bacon immediately. Awful news out of Great Britain, as reported by
Why Do Hawaiians Love Spam So Much?. My dad grew up on Maui, and even though our family was raised in Virginia, we always kept SPAM\u00ae in the pantry.
Snack Cake Recipes. Forget the store-bought kind. (They're running out of them anyway.)
The Beer Hammer. Today in \what could possibly go wrong?\ news
Dessert Recipes Made From Jam (PHOTOS). If you've got jars and jars of jams, jellies and preserves, they don't need to be reserved just for toast. We've got 28 ways
How To Roast Peppers. Why roast peppers?  If you haven't had one, just try a home-roasted pepper and you'll understand how far superior it is to the stuff you buy in a jar at the grocery.
Food-Themed iPhone Cases For The iPhone 5 And iPhone 4. If there's one thing food lovers are good at (besides eating), it's singing their adoration of all things food from the rooftops
Georgian Green Bean And Walnut Salad. This nutty, herbal, slightly tart preparation is a classic Georgian flavor combination and can be used to dress up just about any vegetable. Try it on all kinds of vegetables not just on green beans.
Recipe Of The Day. Sweet potatoes are the potato for those who prefer sugary over salty. And sweet potato recipes let you feel good about indulging
My Family's Sushi Obsession. Before anyone had ever heard of Masaharu Morimoto and before ready-made California rolls became a ubiquitous presence in every supermarket in America, my parents were discovering sushi for themselves.
Foraging for Relevancy. Candied hickory nuts, huckleberry and toasted chicory on the same plate? Are you kidding me?
Cocktail Culture Gets A Garden-Fresh Makeover With Kick. Fresh, seasonal ingredients have become such a part of cocktail culture that even the big spirits houses that once touted high-fructose, corn syrup-based mixers are increasingly offering from-scratch recipes of their own.
Oven Baked Mushrooms. Wrapped in foil while cooking in butter and their own juices, oven baked mushrooms have a deep earthy flavor that's hard to resist.
Cambodia -- Haute Khmer and 3 Inspirational Men. Have you ever visited somewhere and it stayed with you for a time after you left? Not in a nostalgic way, but in a way that lingers, like it has reached in and altered you slightly. That's how visiting Cambodia was for me.
Buttermilk Recipes For When You Need Something Insanely Delicious. Get on board.
Oregon's Delicious, Cooler Climate Chardonnay And Pinot Noir. Oregon has been growing Pinot Noir since the mid-1960s. Pinots from Oregon tend to have some of the delicacy and minerality that red Burgundy is known for, as well as some of the ripe red fruit most typically found in California Pinot
Fruit And Vegetable Chip Recipes. Many of us are guilty of packing store-bought potato chips in our lunches (and our kids' lunches). Sure, it's a nice convenience
America's Best Hotel Restaurants. With star chefs at the stoves and designer spaces that seem to get sexier and more sophisticated with each opening, it's no surprise that some of the most exciting restaurants in the country are in hotels.
Our Top 5 Autumn Apple Cocktails. As hazy, hot and humid summer gives way to dewy and cool fall, it's time to forget about fixing cocktails with ripe berries and fresh cherries and instead use another seasonal mixological staple
All The Delicious Things You Can Make With A Bag Of Fritos. Your Super Bowl party snack game just got elevated.
Recipe Of The Day. Yesterday we gave you the Roman's version of mac and cheese (Cacio e Pepe Pasta) and today we're moving over to Greece with
Dumpling Recipes. If you like to cook, you should definitely have a good dumpling recipe in your arsenal. Dumplings, known by many different
Whiskey-Kissed Brown Turkey Fig Cake. This cake is soft, moist, and buttery. The whiskey adds a gentle flavor to the cake and the figs become even \figgier!\
How To Choose Good Feta Cheese In 6 Easy Steps. This white salty cheese produced from sheep's milk, or a combination of sheep and goat's milk, has become popular outside of Greece because of it's taste and versatility.
HP Sauce. We have to talk about your condiment usage. We're concerned about your shepherd's pies, your full English breakfasts, your
Pumpkin Cookies Recipe. I admit, I've gone a little overboard on the pumpkin flavored desserts lately. I made these Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies, after making the Pumpkin Cake Trifles and then also a Pumpkin Apple Streusel Cake!
How To Make Grilled Cheese In A Toaster. Photo from Grilled Cheese Social. While there are simple ways to improve upon this easy meal, it's more exciting to come
Best Movie Theaters For Food Lovers. As an alternative to big-box movie theaters plagued by cramped seats, stale smells and\nfrighteningly artificial orange-yellow \butter,\ new and independent cinemas are now providing\nfantastic food and amenities, featuring everything from mixologist-crafted cocktails to reclining\nseats and chef-conceived concessions.
5 Amazing Wines That Will Surprise You. There are many abbreviations in the English language, but few have enjoyed the full-on adoption of terms like OMG (oh my God). So what in the heck are OMG wines?
8 Brown Bag Lunches. It's technically fall but still feels like summer, meaning your brown bag lunches should be in full celebration of this stage in between seasons.
Recipe Of The Day. Get the Pasta Cacio e Pepe recipe Pasta Cacio e Pepe is made with just cheese and black pepper, but it tastes like everything
Is Gin Or Vodka The Correct Spirit For A Martini? (GREAT DEBATE). But some of the most heated debates we've ever heard surrounding food have been about one of the simplest cocktails in history
Cilantro Aversion Linked To Gene For Smell, New Study Finds. Eriksson says that nearly half of all Europeans have two copies of this variant, and of those people, 15 percent reported
Upside-Down Cake Recipes (PHOTOS). Have you ever tried to decorate a cake with fruit on top, only to find it sunk to the bottom during baking? If so, you'll
Molto Porno! Chef Mario Batali's Delicioso Stash Of Food Camera-Phone Photos. These days, we're all amateur food pornographers. But we thought the phone photos of a professional chef and consummate foodie like Mario Batali would be even yummier than those of us layfolk.
Ultimate Bacon Taste Test. Depending on its smokiness, saltiness, fattiness and flavor, bacon can range from basic breakfast\nstaple to pure porcine perfection. Food & Wine editors sampled both nationally available and mail-order artisanal brands to find out which bacon is truly the best.
Fall Cocktail Recipes. Although we never like to say goodbye to summer, we are starting to get pretty excited about fall -- fall cocktails, we mean
Bircher Muesli With Seasonal Fruits. This is a perfect \pick-me up\ breakfast. Have fun making this version or feel free to experiment with any fruits, nuts, or juices combination of your own choice.
10 Healthy Whole Wheat Pasta Dishes. Transitioning to a healthier lifestyle can be hard, especially when it comes to food. Switching to whole wheat pasta is a simple, taste equivalent change that won't double your food budget or leave you feeling hungry.
Vintage Cookbook Recipes. Which is why all of the canap\u00e9s but one ended up having rectangles of tomato jelly on them, as opposed to the beautiful, perfect
42 French Toast Recipes That'll Save Your Morning. This is the breakfast worth splurging on.
Put An Egg On It!. I don't know about you, but lately I've been obsessed with adding poached eggs to my dishes. Somehow, they just make everything look and taste better.
The Sweet Side of the Subcontinent. From deep-fried pancakes soaked in syrup, to fudge-like squares garnished with edible, silver foil, South Asian sweets come in all shapes and sizes. With such delicious variety, it's too bad these confections seem to have a low profile outside of South Asia.
Recipe Of The Day. When it comes to apple pie a la mode, some people feel that there's never enough ice cream. And there's another plus to this
The Weirdest Food Vending Machines Around The World. A freshly baked pizza? In under 3 minutes? Right on!
The State Of Jell-O Salad In America. Here are some Jell-O salad images over the years
Best Bacon Burgers In The U.S.. Chefs across the country are upgrading their amazing burgers with the ultimate finishing touch
6 Wines You Need To Have. We all know it's going to happen, that evening after a great day outside when we neglect to prepare. It's like getting caught out with only your prescription sunglasses as night falls. You might look cool, but you're regretting not be being prepared.
Recipe Of The Day. We've decided to stand up to this ridiculous once-a-year-birthday-cake convention. From here on out, you should be able to
Fall Recipes. When the weather starts to cool, there's a natural tendency to gravitate toward heavier and more comforting foods. With that
Food Porn. Get a taste of chef David Burke's everyday culinary encounters in his iPhone photos of food, from savory peanut brittle to watermelon-and-asparagus salad at David Burke Kitchen.
The 5 Easiest Tex-Mex Recipes To Try At Home. Tex-Mex (a cross between Southwestern and Mexican) is a super easy cuisine to play around with in your own kitchen, especially since it's fusion in nature and includes a lot of pantry ingredients.
The Chocolate-Covered Strawberries Chocolate Bar. In the mood for chocolate? Try these cake recipes. This chocolate-covered strawberry bar, named the Ephemeral Chocolate Bar
Keep A Clean Fridge With Press N' Seal Cling Wrap. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. And since you have to do it
How To Make A Pear And Fig Galette (VIDEO). Veteran pastry chef Mary O'Rourke of The Waffle Window in Portland, Oregon shows us how to make a rustic tart, also known as a galette with fresh pears and figs.
Green Tomato Recipes For The End Of Summer (PHOTOS). We're sad to report that the end of summer is near -- not only does that mean no more warm weather, it also means no more
The Best Hot Sauce On Earth. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. We've said it before, we'll
Meatopia 2012. There are a lot of things to love about this video. Founder, Josh Ozersky referring to this as a \global festival celebrating
How To Have The Perfect Wine Tasting At Home. Avoid a power hour for wines. You can use crackers or drink water to neutralize your palate between wines. If you get tired of smelling wines, have some coffee grounds on hand to refresh your nose.
Thinking Beyond The Grape. Wine, on a very basic level, is made from fermented fruit. While people mostly associate wine with grapes, wine can be made from a wide array of fruits.
Jason Segel's Best Food Tweets. If you don't already love Jason Segel for his performance of Dracula's Lament or because he changed his wayward ways to become
Talking Meat During Whole Foods' Best Butcher Contest At Meatopia 2012 (VIDEO). For butcher Jon Kalabolas, his passion for his craft started with knife collecting. It led him to the finals of the Best
Maria's Authentic Eggplant Parmesan. I never liked Eggplant Parmesan growing up. My mother would cut thick slices, cover them in bread crumbs, bake them, and then add Hunt's tomato sauce from a can and not nearly enough cheese for my taste.
An Illustrated Guide To Peeling Tomatoes. Looking to preserve Summer's bounty of tomatoes for chilly seasons to come? Chances are, you've been advised to peel your
In Season. If you're a fan of leafy greens like arugula, keep an eye out for purslane. It's reasonably priced, with a creamy consistency
5 Food Podcasts To Keep You Company On A Long Commute. Stuck with a long commute, or looking to be entertained while tinkering away in the kitchen? Thank goodness for podcasts
America's Weirdest Regional Foods. Find out Food & Wine's weirdest regional foods in America.
Top Chef Food Porn. You may know Dale Talde as the lovable two-time cheftestant who didn't quite make it to the finish line on Bravo's Top Chef. But the ambitious Asian-fusion connoisseur is now making a local name for himself in Park Slope, Brooklyn.
Clean Your Garbage Disposal With Vinegar Ice Cubes. Of course, you don't want to put just anything down the drain, but the magical way this disposal system works (which this
Recipe Of The Day. Get the Sriracha-and-Wasabi Deviled Eggs recipe Love sriracha? Get more sriracha recipes. What we like about deviled eggs
Everything You Need to Throw a Pizza Party. We've shown you how to throw a Swedish night with meatballs, salmon and aquavit, and we've given you Japanese night with
Keep on Truckin'. Mobile munchies. Street eats. Whatever buzzphrase attributed to them, food trucks have quickly made their way beyond the
Making Macarons. Over the past few years, macarons have made their way across the pond, quickly becoming an American obsession. Macarons may seem like finicky cookies at first, but with a little time and care you'll be enjoying these delicate treats in your own kitchen.
Savor The Last Days Of Summer With 12 Tempting Recipes. In the Northeast, the season for fresh summer produce is quickly coming to an end. But before it ends, hurry up and make these recipes before the weather turns cool!
The Sidecar Cocktail 5 Ways. While the exact origins of the Sidecar are unclear, we know it contains cognac, orange liqueur and lemon juice. Here are five ways to vary that classic recipe.
Best Sandwiches In The U.S.. Americans may never get over their obsession with amazing hamburgers, but they've certainly\nmade room for an equally delicious meal between bread
10 Things To Know About Rum. The Rodney Dangerfield of spirits, rum, is rarely given its fair due. In the post-Hemingway world of serious drinkers, it's either maligned as super saccharine, or pigeonholed as a beachside one-trick-pony.
How To Grill Seafood Perfectly Every Time. For some reason, seafood seems to be one of the most intimidating foods to grill. Here are a few tips to help you achieve perfectly grilled seafood every time.
Aguas Frescas. In the hot summertime, Mexicans reach for a fragrant, ripe fruit juice, freshly dissolved in a blender with ice water to quench the thirst and hydrate the body.
Velvet Cake Recipes In Every Single Color (PHOTOS). When it comes to velvet cake, why does red get all the glory? These buttermilk cakes are just as good -- and maybe even a
Recipe Of The Day. Want more cookie recipes? Check these out. It's not hard to make a good chocolate chip cookie. Don't judge us for saying
Fried Pizza. So what is a fried pizza? It's not the entire pizza that's fried -- just the dough. Think of the elephant ears, fried dough
Rosh Hashanah Recipes. Our favorite thing about the Jewish New Year is the food. Surprise!
How to Can Sardines (VIDEO). Two food preservation experts demonstrate how to safely can fresh sardines, including a basic primer on a pressure canner.
Cupcake Nuggets. Photo by J. Pollack Photography. Here are some cupcake recipes for you to throw in the deep-fryer. If you're as fond of chicken
Top 10 Best New Bars In The U.S.. When the conversation turns to cocktails, as it often does at Food & Wine, there\u2019s one person we listen to loud and clear
Refrigerator Magnet Designs. Sure, you know that you can trick out your stand mixer, but did you know that you can also pimp your fridge? Yep, you read
Stanley Tucci And Eric Ripert Drink Vodka And Roast A Fish On 'On The Table' (VIDEO). We weren't really sure what to expect when we heard that Stanley was Eric's next guest. You might know him from \The Hunger
Blueberry Muffins Recipe. On my quest for several \best\ recipes, blueberry muffins have been at the top of the list. These really are the best muffins you'll ever sink your teeth into.
The First Recipe I Ever Made. You'll make it for everyone you love, and for everyone you hope will love you. It will become your calling card, and you'll
What's News In Booze. I hate this time of year but good booze always helps mitigate the crud factor of autumn, and this autumn there's a ton of very fine new bottlings out there.
Kale Recipes Prove That Healthy And Delicious Can Co-Exist. Every which way (all delicious) to cook kale.
How To Make Every Kind Of Coffee (INFOGRAPHIC). There's a reason a good cup of coffee feels so incredibly hard to find, and this chart may have unearthed it for us. It's
Gluten-Free Apple Lime Crisp. Here's a fun Autumn treat you can easily whip up with a bunch of fresh apples
Cooking With A Cordless Power Drill (VIDEO). So what are you waiting for? Watch the video above and get a drill. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter
Taking Things With A Grain Of Salt And Other Food Clich\u00e9s. Even when we're not talking about food, we're often talking about food. Food is so engrained in our everyday vernacular that we barely notice it. But where do these food clich\u00e9s and food-related idioms come from?
Recipe Of The Day. Check out these other quinoa recipes. Forget rice. Forget pasta. Forget all grains, really. When there's quinoa -- which
Cereal Bar Recipes. Many of us know all too well the quintessential bake sale item -- Rice Krispies treats. We've all had our fill of them, especially
BBQ Pork Meatballs + \Lower East Side\ BBQ Sauce. This recipe is inspired by Daniel Holzman and Michael Chernow from The Meatball Shop in New York.
Waffle Maker Recipes. Waffles mean different things to different people. In the U.S., we eat them for breakfast topped with whipped cream and a
America's Best Tasting Menus For $50 Or Less. The words \tasting menu\ have traditionally been synonymous with sticker shock. Such is the case at New York City's Masa, where prix fixe prices start at $450. Today, the concept has become so democratic that even star chefs are serving bargain-priced meals.
Open-Faced Sandwich Recipes For The Ages (PHOTOS). The open-faced sandwich is a simple concept. It's pretty much just a normal sandwich that omits the top slice of bread. It's
7 Higher Steaks. When you're in the mood to treat yourself -- or cooking a dinner to impress -- a good, hearty steak always does the trick.
Malaysian Coconut And Chili Kerabu Salad. This vibrant fresh Malaysian salad was inspired by my trip to Penang several years ago.
Molten Chocolate Cake Video Is Our Favorite Of The Week. We are simple creatures. We mostly think about food. Sometimes we're thinking of food we've recently eaten. Sometimes we're
Recipe Of The Day. Get the Breakfast Banana Splits recipe The banana split has been dwindling in popularity as an ice cream dessert. And considering
Happy Sheep. Meet Anna Hodson, the young and gentle, sheep loving shepherd at Kinderhook Farm in Ghent, NY. The farm is dedicated to producing great tasting meat as well as the care and concern of each and every animal.
5 Healthy Make-Ahead Meals For The Workweek. Here are some ideas for dishes you can make on Sunday that will last you the whole busy workweek ahead.
Italian Regional Cuisine. Continue on the culinary journey of discovering Italian cuisine through the areas of central Italy and discovee where focaccia, pesto, Parmesan cheese, cured ham, artichokes and truffles come from.
Healthy Lasagna Recipes (PHOTOS). If you're someone who watches what you eat, you probably don't get down with a lot of lasagna. Lasagna is typically one big
Recipes With Greek Yogurt. From breakfast to dessert.
Snacks From The '90s We Love And Miss. Anyone who grew up in the 1990s knows just how good kids had it back then
10 Tips On How To Avoid A Party Meltdown. Giving a party is no picnic. What if the guests refuse to talk? What if there is a loud, awkward kitchen accident? What if the table doesn't look good? Worst of all, what if the food doesn't turn out?
Recipe Of The Day. It's a pie recipe that's good for us (sort of). Our prayers have been answered! And with all this heart healthy nutrition
Get Ready For Fall With Soup Recipes. I love cooking one pot meals in the fall and winter and eating them throughout the week. This recipe takes very little time to make but packs a lot of flavor. Make it now or once the leaves start changing color.
Japanese Recipes. Last week we talked all about Swedish Night -- this week, it's Japanese Night. We've pulled together some amazing Japanese
The Best International Street Food. Wednesday, September 12 at 12 a.m. Eastern, Round Two will begin. Let us know in the comments what's your favorite street
Roast Chicken With Honey And Soy Sauce. This roast chicken is so very simple to make. And it's delicious as often the most simple recipes are.
Rashida Jones Tweets About Food. When she's not playing the beautiful Anne Perkins on \Parks And Recreation,\ Rashida Jones is tweeting about food --among
Chicken Tortilla Soup Extravaganza!. This soup is fabulous. It always comes out right. It's not too difficult. The flavors are divine. You have full control over the amount of heat.
Ricotta Ice Cream Recipe. The end of summer deserves some homemade ice cream. This ricotta version is easier than making regular ice cream, because you skip the step of making custard.
Recipe Of The Day. You might not think you need a recipe for a tuna melt sandwich, but believe us, you want to take a look at this one. This
How To Make Baked Potato Fans (VIDEO). Have you been wanting something more from your baked potato? Though there's nothing wrong with a perfectly baked potato with
Hummingbird Cupcakes. This recipe does not contain actual hummingbirds, but after you sink your teeth into the sugary frosting and fruity cake, you might feel like a hummingbird ingesting pure sugar.
Freezing Avocados. There are two ways you can do it, either halved or pureed. Here's how it's done
5 Easy After-School Snacks For Your Kids. It's back to school time, and you know what that means
Creative Kids Foods. Parents of picky eaters, we've found a remedy to ease your child's finicky ways. It's not hypnotism or anything serious. The
Meatopia 2012. What happens when you put 38 chefs, hundreds of carnivores and thousands of pounds of meat on an island? It becomes Meatopia
Poppy Seed Cake (No Secrets, No Shame). Should I hide the fact that one of my favorite (and most requested) cakes is made with a mix? I don't care. The cake is delicious and I'm not ashamed of it.
Macaroni And Cheese, We Love You (PHOTOS). It's easy to love macaroni and cheese. There's something about every recipe for it -- whether decadent, healthy or somewhere
Indian Kadahi Chicken Curry (VIDEO). I love Indian food and being a spice geek it is a complete inspiration to me. My Kadahi chicken is a North Indian inspired curry that is made with the simplest of spices.
A Dummy's Guide To Wine Regions. If you're a novice wine drinker who enjoys their wine now and then, loves the idea of being adventurous and ordering exotic wines when dining out, but lacks the wine geek know-how, this is a post dedicated entirely to you.
Kids' Food. I recently had a tussle on a comment thread of a Huffington Post article. First Lady Michelle Obama, as part of her \Let's Move\ campaign, the article explained, had hosted a State Dinner for Kids at the White House.
Chocolate Zucchini Cake. I have a confession
Sauteed Radishes. Very simple and gorgeous to look at, sauteed radishes are a great way to change things up from the common vegetable sides we're so used to eating.
Off-The-Wall Ice Cream Flavors. Some people may think September is the end of ice cream season. We just think it means it's time to get more creative.
Recipe Of The Day. With football season starting up, what more could you want to accompany the game but the best chicken wing recipe around
Cooking Disasters. We've all heard the saying
The Best Juice Boxes. It's time to start packing school lunches again. We know, you're so excited. Though the thought of juice boxes doesn't exactly
Swedish Recipes. Here at HuffPost Taste, we frequently extoll the joys of simple cooking, simple eating and simple entertaining. The idea
5 Cocktails To Celebrate Bourbon Heritage Month. September is Bourbon Heritage Month, and with the Kentucky Bourbon Festival kicking off early next week, we can't think of a better time to raise a glass to America's native spirit.
For Love Of the 'Que. Serious 'que lovers crave more than just a few summer months to keep the coals hot, so many take their love of slow-cooked meats on the road and enter the competitive barbecue circuit.
'Simple Fresh Southern'. 1/2 pound round red radishes, trimmed, at room temperature 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, completely softened 1/4 teaspoon
5 Facts About Blended Wines for Beginners. In my last piece I called blended wines the ice cream sundae of all of my favorite grapes. Blends are some of the most complex and interesting types of wine. I've changed from avoiding blends to seeking out the best types.
How To Make Homemade Sausage (VIDEO). Chef, butcher and charcutier Eric Finley demonstrates how to make 3 different types of homemade sausages
10 Gateway Artisanal Cheeses To Turn Newbies Into Turophiles (PHOTOS). I remember when approaching a cheese counter was extremely intimidating for me. When you don't quite know what you're looking
Dear Pizza, This Is A Love Letter. The only reason that Michelangelo was ever our favorite Ninja Turtle was because of his intense love for pizza -- if not
Recipe Of The Day. And so when you come across a steak sandwich recipe that calls for steak, crusty bread, caramelized onions and yellow mustard
How To Pickle Anything, No Canning Necessary. There are certain things I'll never understand
Crazy Things People Do To Ice Cream. Food & Wine names the crazy things people do to ice cream.
5 Key Wine Components And How To Detect Them. Mother Nature has made it remarkably easy to detect the relative levels of the main wine components. Grab a glass of red wine and taste as we go and you'll see what I mean.
Recipe Of The Day. Soup can be boring. And it can be bland. And unless you're sick, why would you really want to eat it? (That is, unless it's
Worcestershire Sauce. The often belabored pronunciation of Worcestershire sauce frequently overshadows the more amazing things about it -- for
Pretzel Desserts Have Perfected The Salty-Sweet Combination. YAASSS.
Food Art. Don't expect to find macaroni necklaces or macaroni glued to construction paper here -- though, there is a pasta portrait
Fondue Recipes. Are you freaking out about fall? We know -- we are too. You know what helps us coast into a new, cooler season a little easier
Futuristic Kitchen Gadgets. While we wouldn't mind having a Rosie like the Jetsons did to help us with our cooking, we'd settle on just a little help
15 Awesome Craft Beers In A Can. Thank Oskar Blues of Lyons, Colorado, for serving Dale's Pale Ale in a can back in 2002. Ten years later, there are dozens of craft breweries making their beer available in cans.
No Labor (Day) Pastry Pizza. As I imagined myself -- for some reason in slow motion -- biting into the flaky, buttery, cheesy, crispy pizza, I knew it would be every bit as decadent as I wanted and would require hardly any labor.
The First Recipe I Ever Made. What You Need
Solo Cup Wine Glass. You've heard the phrase \class in a glass\ before, right? We're pretty sure it was invented to describe the bright red ceramic
Meet The 2012 Vendy Awards Finalists. These are the street food elite
The Best State Fair Food. Friday morning, September 7th, we'll announce the results! Wednesday, September 5th at 12:00am Eastern, Round Two begins
Frosting Cupcakes. Sure, there are many different options for frosting the tops of these little cakes. A quick look at Martha Stewart can leave
Lunch-Packing Accessories. Packing lunch, whether for yourself or your kids, is a great way to save money and eat healthier, but it doesn't always go
The 20 Top Selling Domestic Beers. Even though beer may be slowly losing its commanding lead of the alcohol market share while craft beer gains followers, Big
Knork. We find it kind of hard to believe that the Knork can cut through steak and pears with the same relative ease, but we'll
Recipe Of The Day. If you think you make the best guacamole, we're sorry to tell you this, but you're wrong. Unless of course you've been topping
Vintage Candy. The only thing better than getting a candy bar for one penny is getting it in a vintage wrapper. These classics were designed
The 7 Best Boardwalks In The Country. For those who also love boardwalk foods, advanced planning for summer trips to these tourist haunts can mean the difference between frozen fries or terrific meals that match the allure of the beach.
9 Labor Day Grill Favorites. For most children, Labor Day is a bittersweet holiday; it is a last hurrah that signals summer's impending end. For grown-ups, however, this holiday is much more exciting. It promises a day off, a cold cocktail, and a chance to shine at the grill. Whether you're a novice griller or a seasoned professional, here are 10 fresh ideas for putting your grill to good use and throwing your most impressive backyard barbecue to date.
Salmon Cakes. This recipe is a great way to introduce fish into your diet (also perfect for kids). The cakes have fluffy mashed potatoes, soft onions, spicy jalapeno and ginger, and come with a soy tobanjan (spicy Korean chili paste) dipping sauce.
Cocktail Helper. I dare you to say \maraschino cherry\ out loud in polite company. It's a hard thing to do  -- they've got a bad reputation. Wanting to add a good maraschino cherry to one of my home-mixed cocktails, I decided to make my own.
5 Easy Cocktails For Your Labor Day Barbecue. This Monday (we hope), you're getting a much-needed (and much-deserved) day off. And we also hope you'll be celebrating with a delicious cocktail in hand.
The Best Cheap Beer Brands. Also see
Sunday Brunch. What makes this delicious kuku different from other stuffed egg casserole dishes, is that it uses a little lime juice, flour, and baking soda. This is definitely one of my new top additions to my weekend brunch menu and I think you  might want to add it to yours!
10 Labor Day Desserts. What's the best part of Labor Day weekend? We say
Chef April Bloomfield Continues Book Tour For 'A Girl And Her Pig' In Portland (VIDEO). We have such a tasty treat of a video for you guys today! In case you did not know, Chef April Bloomfield (of The Spotted
Blueberry Cobbler, At The End Of A Long Day. I lifted my zombie-self out of bed and walked to the oven, which could tell I needed a hug. I sat down with my box of Kleenex and watched the cobbler bake. \It's going to be ok, I promise you,\ Peg said. The oven said so too. And both of them were right.
10 Simple Recipes For A Stress-Free Labor Day. Got big plans for the Labor Day weekend? Whether you're hosting a barbecue or heading over to a friend's, keep your holiday weekend as low-key and stress-free as possible with these 10 quick and easy recipes that'll give you a chance to fully kick back and relax.
Labor Day Cocktails. Labor Day weekend is summer's last long weekend. So, it's a perfect time to mix up a batch of tasty cocktails that will have you and your friends relaxing and reflecting on what a great summer its been. Here are a few of my favorites this summer, whip up enough to take you from cocktail hour to sunset!
Top-Rated BBQ Restaurants In America. When you want authentic barbecue but can't make it at home, the best thing to do is go to that local barbecue joint -- you
Deli Sandwiches. We all have our favorite deli spot for lunch -- whether it's the gourmet chain with sky-high prices or the really tasty deli
Grill Shish Kebab Labor Day Weekend or Anytime. Food-on-a-stick is great fun to eat. Chicken grilled on a skewer, also known as chicken shish kebab, is easy to make and delicious -- a lovely summer dinner with couscous and green salad.
Folding Pizza Wheel. While we've seen a lot of questionable technological advances in the prestigious field of cooking gadgets, the latest from
Lobster-Cooking Fails. Whether you're into the tail, claws or head, lobster makes for good eating. Dipping that tender meat in melted butter brings
Recipe Of The Day. We know that barbecue draws out some serious opinions with even stronger loyalties, but we're going to take a risk here and
'The Bloody Best' Bloody Mary From The Nook In Atlanta Has Bacon, Tater Tots And A Beef Straw. Check it out
Foods From Children's Books. When you think about the children's novels you've read as a kid (or adult -- we're not judging!), what sticks out most in
A Life-Size Darth Vader Cake (PHOTOS). Just as Luke Skywalker must have been grateful for the Jedi teachings of Yoda (and for his light saber), we're feeling thankful
Labor Day Summer Teff Salad With Chia Dressing. When I make this, one of my all-time favorite salads, I like to keep things simple. It includes teff, fresh vegetables, orange juice and crispy lettuce. A sweet chia dressing tops it all off.
Bake Sale Recipes. Bake sales can be a drag. They almost always pop up when you're at your most busiest. You often times don't know about them
Debunking 5 Common Wine Myths. It seems just about everyone I meet has a variety of opinions about wine. I never know what to believe. Should I stick to Paul Giamatti's advice and not drink Merlot? Are blended wines just a mix of what's left over? There are a lot of myths.
Recipe Of The Day. Yesterday we gave you an excuse to eat pizza for dessert with our s'mores pizza recipe, but today we're giving you a reason
We Love Nutella This Much (PHOTOS). We have a confession to make
My Take on Three Mexican Dishes. I love Mexican food, but unfortunately great Mexican food is hard to find where I live. So from time to time I make my own version.  I don't claim that these dishes are a hundred percent authentic, but I guarantee they taste great.
The Best Classic Cocktail. If we were in charge, you'd be able to walk into any bar in America, order up one of these eight classic cocktails and get
Asparagus Salad. This little salad takes about five minutes to make. With all the tasty asparagus in the markets these days, there's no excuse to not make this! Delish.
Split-Decision Pie Pan Lets You Have Two Pies In One. Check out all the pies you can make in the split-pie pan! Some dessert lovers are still oohing and ahhing over cupcakes, but
Recipe Of The Day. S'mores + Pizza = Possibly the best thing you will ever taste in your life. This s'mores pizza recipe combines soft and chewy
Entertaining A Crowd. Summer entertaining is a great opportunity to catch up with family and friends over great food -- and Labor Day gives us
5 Cookout Money-Wasters. It's easy for a backyard picnic to get expensive. Fortunately, there are a few equally easy ways to control costs.
Punch Recipes. We can't imagine walking into a party, laying our eyes on a punch bowl and not jumping for joy. A punch party is a beautiful
Chawan Mushi (Japanese Steamed Egg Custard). This light and delicate egg custard is a wonderful appetizer to make if you're looking to wow your partner or dinner guests. It's both beautiful and fun to eat, and require few ingredients.
Recipe Of The Day. Burgers are really good. So are BLT sandwiches. When you mash the two of them together, in a BLT Burger recipe, it's wondrous
Homemade Ketchup Recipes. French fries wouldn't be as popular if it weren't for ketchup. We could probably say the same thing about burgers. These
Sweet Potato Zucchini Pancakes. When we had zucchini coming out of our ears and an extra sweet potato the size of Manhattan lying around the other day, I knew what I had to do
What's The Best Coffee Shop In The Country?. Considering how many people drink coffee (more than 330 million cups of coffee a day in the U.S. alone), you'd think it'd
Instagram's Best Accounts For Food Photos. It seems like everyone is using Instagram these days, including much of the food world. You'll find chefs, food photographers
5 Great Cocktails For Reasonably Priced Scotch. Scotch enthusiasm is at an all-time high these days, and with good reason
Recipe Of The Day. Yesterday's biscuit sandwich recipe left us wanting more breakfast. And so naturally, pancakes have been on our minds. No
8 Rules For Ordering Drinks At Bars. To get some tips on appropriate behavior the next time you find yourself craving a drink, we consulted Jim Meehan, star bartender, businessman and author of our favorite cocktail guide,
These Marshmallow Desserts Are What Dreams Are Made Of (PHOTOS). Why should s'mores get to have all the fun?
Tahini Recipes. It's not just for hummus guys.
The Multiple Uses For A Shopping Cart. You probably don't give shopping carts much thought. And honestly, we don't blame you. We shuttle them around the store, throw
Central Asian Cold Yogurt Soup. I first tasted this soup, called okroshka, at a hotel lunch buffet in Kazakhstan, where its cool and tangy flavors played a welcome foil to the heavier meat-and-noodle dishes that predominate there.
Home Remedies For Burns. You know the saying, if you play with fire you'll get burned? Well, it's true. And the proof is in the kitchen. If you've
Egg-Separating Trick. There are kitchen tricks that transcend language barriers, and today, we have one for you from Chinese site Jifenzhong. Grub
Recipe Of The Day. The only downfall to the breakfast biscuit is deciding what to put on it. It makes a perfect backdrop for something sweet
Antipasti Recipes For Your Next Party. Just imagine. All you do is put together a platter of store-bought ingredients and present it to your guests. That's mostly
Trend. Vinegar doesn't jump to mind as a cocktail mixer, but when the tangy, bracing tonic is macerated with fresh fruit and sugar, it becomes a bartender's favorite
Growing Green Onions In Your Kitchen. Craving onions? Check out these recipes. -Place the rooted bulbs in a glass with water by a window. Just be sure to change
Roasted Zucchini Salad With Chickpea and Lemon Zest. The juice and zest from the lemon makes this dish sweet and tart, while the caramelized zucchini adds smokiness. Quick and simple to make this little salad pairs well with almost anything!
Wild Maine Blueberry Crumble. I wanted to make a crumble to rival all crumbles.
Bloody Mary Bar. We love a cocktail party, in case you hadn't noticed. We love them so much, that we don't think you should have to limit
Mojito Recipes To Try Before The End Of Summer (PHOTOS). The mojito is a classic summertime drink. It's citrusy, light and refreshing. It cools you down when it gets hot, and it's
20 Reasons Enchiladas Are The Ultimate Comfort Food (RECIPES). With lots of cheese, of course.
12 Tricks For Buying The Ripest Summer Produce. Only the ripest will do.
Taste Test. F&W sampled the most familiar products, and while nothing replaces the pure flavor of a freshly tapped coconut, one brand comes close with a price to match.
Blender Recipes. Basic Rules
8 No-Bake Desserts. When it comes to ice cream, we know we've got you covered. But how about other summer-friendly desserts?
Recipe Of The Day. Eating this warm chocolate cake recipe is like giving in to all of your deepest and darkest chocolate desires. It's sweet
Ramen Recipes. Think outside the seasoning packet.
The Best Granola Bars. Here at our office, the company-provided granola bars are at a premium. Those who arrive at the office early every morning
Bananas Foster Creamsicles. This dish swirls those sweet-and-saucy bananas into fresh, vanilla bean ice cream.
Lavender Cupcakes with Honey Frosting. These cupcakes are inspired by my favorite little ice cream shop in the Wallingford area of Seattle
Frozen Honey-Hazelnut Mousse. It's difficult to bring up dessert mousse without talking about the '80s. It was the darling on every dessert menu and for good cause.
10 Time-Saving Kitchen Tools Everyone Needs. Whether you're an expert chef or a humble home cook, all of us want to save time in the kitchen. It means more time spent
9 New Ways To Use Summer Produce. You're starting to resent those plump, ripe specimens at the market, on your counter. We're here to show you how to embrace them again.
Chocolate Sandwich Recipes (PHOTOS). Grilled cheese sandwiches, as good as they are, don't satisfy every need. When a craving for something sweet strikes, the
Peach and Black Raspberry Cobbler. Since this is National Peach Month, a peach cobbler sounded perfect to celebrate this momentous \holiday.\
Turmeric 101. Turmeric is a root from the ginger family. In its original form, it has a knobby shape similar to ginger.
New England's Best Seafood Dish. Wednesday, August 22nd at 12:00am Eastern, Round Two will begin. Start casting your votes now. Put down your lobster rolls
Donut Ice Cream Sandwiches. Here's a little secret, at Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, you can order any of their donuts served cut in half, with a scoop of ice cream in the middle. Chow.com Contributing Editor, Liza de Guia, filed the following report on this 60+ year old donut shop's latest sugar rush creation.
Recipe Of The Day. Even if you live in the South, it's unlikely that you get to enjoy the bliss of fried chicken every day. Fried chicken is
Cooking With Bacon Fat (PHOTOS). If you're a bacon enthusiast, chances are you've got a jar of some sort stashed in your freezer, fridge or cabinet that stores
Pepsi Next Reveals New Summer Flavors. Pepsi Next, the line of Pepsi sodas with 60 percent less sugar than standard cans, has released two new limited-edition flavors
10 Tricks To Make Your Favorite Foods Healthier. Here are 10 of our best healthy cooking secrets. Use them in your own kitchen to create healthy recipe makeovers of your own.
How To Have A Backyard Clambake. If you've ever thought that the only place you can have a clambake is on the beach in a New England coastal town, then you're
The Easiest Salsa Verde Recipe (VIDEO). Have you ever wondered how your favorite Mexican restaurant does their salsa verde? That tangy, refreshing, bright green
Handpresso Auto. As the video clearly insinuates, you should pull over. We can see the appeal of a portable caffeine factory that plugs into
Cooking With Smoked Salmon. Most of you are familiar with bagels smeared with cream cheese and topped with smoked salmon, but there are so many other ways to use this good-for-you and rich in omega-3 fatty acids fish.
Vegetarian Recipes. We want to help you figure out what to eat next! Need to know What To Eat When Your In-Laws Come Over? What about \What To
Pancake Recipes For All Your Breakfast Needs. Because one recipe just isn't enough.
Pink Lemonade Recipes. If you grew up drinking pitchers of made-from-concentrate Minute Maid pink lemonade, then you know the magic of this summertime
Coffee For Adults. Under ordinary circumstances, your morning cup of joe and your after-work tipple generally don't meet. But sometimes the spirit just grabs you, and you end up making exceptions.
Multi-Purpose Kitchen Tools. There are thousands of kitchen gadgets you can find, but most can only do the one thing they were invented for -- what Alton
The Best Hot Dog Toppings. To prove it, we found 23.
Peaches And Cream Recipes. Try not to associate the perfect summertime dessert that is peaches and cream with the suggestive lyrics and hypnotic beat
Easy Cupcake Decorating Ideas. This hack, brought to us by blogger Sweet Verbena, is incredibly simple to do. Use a piece of lace, the cut-out part of a
The Best Eggplant Parm Sandwich Recipe. It wouldn't be a daily indulgence if we didn't provide you with an over-the-top recipe (that we know you just can't wait
10 Foods That Taste Better Burnt. When you're learning how to cook, there are a number of things you try not to do, and burning your food is one of them. It's
35 BLT Recipes So You Can Eat Bacon, Lettuce And Tomato As Much As Possible. Each one of them perfectly loaded with bacon.
41 Non-Dessert Ways To Eat Your Fruit This Summer. Summer fruit is the best fruit. Here's how to eat it all the time.
Grocery Store Coupon Websites For Real Savings. Put the scissors away and lay down today's paper. Your coupon clipping days are over -- at least, in the physical sense. We
The Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe. A chocolate chip cookie is just indulgent. But when that cookie is boasted to have a thousand-layers of chocolate, it's indulgently
The Best Vegetarian Frozen Burrito. For many of us in our student years, frozen burritos were a constant in our not-so-healthy diet. They were cheap, easy to
9 Unusual Ways To Cook Without An Oven. With the summer heat wave season in full effect, cooking meals the old school way can transform your once tranquil prep space into a Hell's Kitchen.
Cool Lunch Boxes For Back To School (PHOTOS). Sometimes lunch is about more than just the meal, especially when it comes to being a kid. The container you put your child's
Presto! Pesto in 10 Minutes. I know you can whip this up in minutes because I did it one recent Sunday afternoon. After cutting the fresh basil, I set to work on the pesto, and was finished in the time it took the pasta to cook. Not bad for a last-minute lunch!
8 Cocktails For National Rum Day. From a tropical punch to a flaming spiced-rum cocktail, these recipes celebrate the spirit of rum at its best.
Flourless Dark Chocolate Pistachio Bites. Take the flavor of dark chocolate to the max with this healthy flour-less chocolate pistachio cupcake recipe. These tiny bites are delicious -- they're dairy-free and gluten-free and perfect for an allergy-friendly birthday party or an evening treat.
Expert Tips For Grilling The Perfect Steak. Every meat lover dreams of cutting into a perfectly grilled steak and sharing the experience with friends and family, but they probably don't dream of paying restaurant prices.
Crockpot Chicken Enchilada Soup. The Mexican flavors are superb and the soup serves as a vehicle for all those amazing toppings. Trust me when I tell you this will soon become your favorite go-to meal.
Use For White Coconut. Through about an inch of husk is their shell. Inside is luscious coconut water. Lining the shell is immature, pudding-like coconut meat.
Confetti Cake Recipes That Guarantee A Party In Your Mouth. Sprinkles + cake = happiness.
Baby Back Ribs Recipe With Blueberry Glaze. WATCH
Julia Child's Most Memorable TV Moments For Her 100th Birthday. On August 15, what would have been Julia Child's 100th birthday, we celebrate a woman who did so much to change the culinary
Beef Jerky Straws For Your Bloody Mary, By Benny's (PHOTO). Iowa restaurant veteran and beef straw inventor Ben Hirko says he got the idea after a customer brought a few beef jerky
Beer Pop Recipe To Cool You Down This Summer (VIDEO). Want to know what's more refreshing than an ice-cold beer on a hot summer day? A beer so cold that it's frozen. We're not
6 Simple Secrets For Perfect Deviled Eggs. Popular as these two-bite appetizers are, they're not typically healthy. Classic deviled egg recipes are loaded with fat and calories.
How To Plate Food Like A Food Stylist. Have you ever been to a restaurant and (after a disappointing meal) thought, I can make that better? You probably can, in
Five Cold Summer Soup Recipes. 
Blueberry Pie Recipe Worthy Of Baking. What's life without a little indulgence? We all work hard, we deserve a reward. We're bringing that reward to you in the
How To Make A Margarita. The dog days of summer are here and man oh man is it hot outside. This time of year we like to cool down with a beverage
Oreo Baked Doughnuts. It's official. I'm obsessed with baked donuts. Because they're baked, you can have like 17 instead of just one of the fried kind, right?!? No, seriously.
School Lunch Safety. Are you one of those parents that packs your child's lunch in the hopes of providing them a healthier option? Turns out, you
Grilled Cherry Guacamole. Fresh cherries are the perfect add-in for your summertime guacamole because of their texture and ability to soak up the flavors of the avocado leaving you with a sweet taste in each bite.
Summer Recipes. This was another great week for summer recipes. As we start to ease back into back-to-school season, we talked about sandwiches
Chilling Wine. There are a handful of things you should know to be the life of a party
Blueberry, Corn and Feta Salsa. This colorful mixture of blueberries, corn, feta, and red chilies makes the perfect summer dish to share with friends. You can try this as a spicy dip or a fresh salad.
5 Great Savory Cocktails. We love a good Bloody Mary, but there are times when we feel like it has unfairly monopolized the savory-drinks category.
Every Quinoa Recipe You Could Possibly Want. Eating healthy is easy with these recipes.
Kitchen Ninja. Here's a quick tip for halving handfuls of cherry tomatoes at a time, using a few things you probably have lying around your kitchen.
Warm Citrus Olives With Rosemary and Garlic. Don't weekends go way too fast? After a long week at work, I completely look forward to Friday night.  Our Friday night this week was filled with friends and great cheeses.
Murgh Makhani (Indian Butter Chicken). I am over the moon for today's recipe, murgh makhani, more commonly known as butter chicken.
Buffalo Chicken Calzones. We've done the buffalo chicken sandwiches. We're over the quesadillas. We haven't forayed into buffalo chicken egg rolls just yet, but they're coming. Yet nothing seems quite as perfect a recipe as the buffalo chicken calzone.
Eggplant Recipes. To cut down on eggplant fatigue, we've decided to simply share with you the single greatest eggplant recipe of all time. That's
Healthy Salmon Recipes For Weeknight Dinners (PHOTOS). Salmon is a real crowd pleaser. It's one of those fish that even people who don't really like seafood will eat now and then
Wild Blueberry Tart. Local blueberries are in full harvest mode. On my way back from a week spent on North Haven, a quiet and radiant island in Penobscot Bay, I stopped along Route 1 in Maine to buy wild blueberries, the state's signature fruit.
Every Brownie Recipe You Could Ever Want (PHOTOS). Be prepared. These brownies are serious.
Orange And Fennel Semolina Cake. One of my favorite types of cakes are the semolina-based cakes that are popular in Mediterranean and Indian desserts. Fresh, firm, and ripe oranges give this cake its taste and aroma.
Food Processor vs. Blender. If kitchens were equipped with unlimited counter space, we would have every appliance we could dream of -- from panini presses
Dessert Makeovers. Baby, it's hot outside! But, baby still needs dessert, am I right?
What's The Best Cheese For A Grilled Cheese Sandwich?. We're a pretty easy going bunch, but there are a few things we'll get into a fistfight over. One of those things is the perfect
Con-Artist Cooking. There comes a time in every bad cook's life when guests arrive for dinner.  And just because you don't know your way around the grocery store, much less around the kitchen, is no reason to despair.
Quick, Cook These Vidalia Recipes Before The Season's Over. We've found our new favorite ways to eat these giant, sweet onions.
Reddit User's KitchenAid Rotisserie Pig-Roast (PHOTOS). Look, our vegetarian friends notwithstanding, we all want to roast a whole pig. There's something primordially appealing
Sweet Finds And Major Disappointments At Trader Joe's. 'What's Good at Trader Joe's?' is a four-member team review site that has been rating the store's best and worst products since August of 2010.
Get Down & Dirty with Apricots, Peaches & Plums. Just think of peaches, apricots, plums and nectarines
The Best Chocolate Pudding. We've all eaten pudding cups as kids, packed lovingly in our lunches by parents who had no idea what they were feeding us
Kitchen Ninja. We like to cook smart. We like to cook economically. We like to cook with grace. And cooking intelligently, economically, and gracefully means making -- and using -- leftovers.
11 New Tea Sandwich Recipes (PHOTOS). The sandwich crust is the bane of many children's existence. It's dry and doesn't have any of the good-tasting sandwich filling
How to Make Mascarpone Cheese. Homemade may take a bit of time and a few supplies, but in my book, the rewards are frequently worth the effort.  And so it is with mascarpone.
5 Great Not-Quite-Martinis. Regarding its constitution, therefore, we allow no amendments
Freshwater Fish Recipes For Your Fishing Trip. You don't have to be a fan of the outdoors to appreciate a fresh-caught fish. Fish like trout and salmon shine when prepared
The Immersion Blender's Many Uses In The Kitchen. Small kitchens are a common downfall of many apartments and houses (a great oversight in architectural planning, we feel
The Easiest Bake Sale Recipes. With school starting up, it means bake sales are on the horizon. If you're a regular at creaming butter and sugar, this task
14 Recipes For Rustic Tarts, Galettes And Crostatas. Many people find baking a pie intimidating -- that it's too complicated to get the dough shaped perfectly for laying into
Meatloaf to Blow Your Mind -- It's Grilled!. This meatloaf was actually inspired by a trip my husband and I made to NYC. We stopped at a diner after a LONG, LONG walking self tour of NYC. My husband had the meatloaf and it was out of this world. Best I had ever had -- until now.
Mayonnaise Haters. We live in a divided world. Republicans and Democrats are constantly in debate. PC users never see eye to eye with those
The Most Drool-Worthy Food Sites On The Web. If you find yourself browsing food blogs for hours upon hours looking at photos of food, you may just be addicted to food
East Coast Oysters. \We ordered a dozen oysters,\ a loved one mentioned to us recently, \and the server asked, 'What kind?' We had no idea, so
The 6 Mistakes You're Making Reheating That Food. Leftovers can be a boon -- two homemade meals for the effort of one. Or, if improperly handled, leftovers can be sad and unappealing. Some minor adjustment to your methods will pay off, turning that foil covered dish into treasure.
The Easy Way To Peel Peaches And Tomatoes (VIDEO). Either you've got a ton of tomatoes from a very bounteous garden or you've picked a bushel of peaches at the farm -- now
How to Cocktail. Love tequila and Margaritas? Boy do we have a drink for you to try. The Becharita is just as simple to make as its famous cousin, but its flavor is far more exotic.
7 Peachy Summer Recipes. Although the simple pleasure of biting into a perfectly ripe peach is satisfying in and of itself, peaches can also be an inspiring ingredient.
Bento Box Lunches For Kids (PHOTOS). We all know school cafeteria school lunch isn't something to look forward to, and mom's packed lunches aren't always the
Grilled Caesar Salad. This weekend, the Accidental Locavore finally got back in the kitchen. This grilled Caesar salad was a surprising hit! There is something so good about the warm, almost charred outsides and the cool, crispy interior.
How To Properly And Safely Can Food. Try as we might, it's almost impossible to eat our way through the abundance of summer fruit that we're enjoying during the
9 Two-Handed Sandwiches. There are sandwiches, and there are sandwiches. These, we believe, fall into the second category.
Whole-Meal Summer Salad Recipes. Most people think of salads as just the opening act of dinner, or maybe a side served alongside a protein. But why shouldn't
The Best Fudge Bars. Creamy, chocolately frozen fudge bars (or better known to most of us as fudgsicles). They're hard to turn down and easy to
10 Summery Drinks That Use Sparkling Wine. Cheap sparkling wine is great. It's light, refreshing and doesn't set you back too much money. But sometimes, cheap sparkling
Yellow Watermelon Fruit Salad. Sweet and tangy, this simple dish comes together in a flash. Don't make the salad ahead -- the watermelon will release too much water.
10 Biggest Fast Food Chains In The U.S.. Subway, 24,722 McDonald\u2019s, 14,098 Starbucks, 10,821 Pizza Hut, 7,600 Burger King, 7,231 Dunkin\u2019 Donuts, 7,015 Wendy\u2019s, 6,594
The Greatest Ways On Earth To Eat Peanut Butter And Jelly. It's not just for sandwiches anymore.
30 Summer Cocktail Recipes That'll Keep You Fully Refreshed. Follow Us On Pinterest | Like Us On Facebook | Follow Us On Twitter Experimenting with fresh herbs, fruits or a unique liqueur
28 Lobster Recipes That Anyone Can Make. It's summer, which means it's time to eat a lot of soccer.
Peach Jam. There is nothing more comforting that a warm slice of multigrain toast with a generous spread of fresh homemade peach jam on top.
Don't Be Chicken With The Spice Rack. The easiest way to integrating more exotic spices into your own cooking is by starting from a place of familiarity. What spices do you feel comfortable with now?
26 Caprese-Inspired Recipes. When you've got tomatoes, mozzarella and basil, thinking outside the box is easy.
Bacon Ice Cream, Plus Avocado, Tomato And Other Weird Flavors. There will always be a place for vanilla, chocolate and strawberry, but why would you opt for one of those been-there-done
Peanut Butter & Nutella Sandwich Cookies. Peanut butter and Nutella sandwiches rock my world, but let's face it. We could make the classic PB&N even better by switching out the bread for a cookie.
No-Recipe Dishes. Cooking without a recipe is a great talent to have -- especially when it comes to making dinner on the fly. If you know how
How To Flood Cookies With Royal Icing. Learning how to decorate a cookie is much like properly frosting a cake. If you don't do it right, you're left with an embarassing
Kale Panzanella Salad. As July begins to meld into August, we start eating panzanella pretty regularly in our house. I usually prepare it the traditional way with slightly stale ciabatta bread, local tomatoes, basil, and a swirl of olive oil and good balsamic vinegar.
Creamy Shrimp Pasta with Summer Vegetables. I'm slowly learning the ropes of this business of entertaining. My first lesson -- always cook something easy and effortless. Then, the rest doesn't seem so difficult.
5 Chefs' Summer Recipes. Whether you're firing up the grill or want a cold soup, here are five summer recipes from the country's top chefs.
Got Cantaloupe And Honeydew? Here Are The Recipes You Need.. You'll be needing one a day for the rest of summer.
Homemade Fruit And Vegetable Pickle Recipes. If you think you're not a fan of pickles, it's probably because you've only ever tried the store-bought varieties. They're
Homemade Candy Bar Recipes You Have To Try. It's the excuse you need to eat two.
A Lobster Roll Recipe That Makes Itself (VIDEO). This video from Luke's Lobster shows you how to make their famous rolls. However, the particular lobster roll in this video
10 Gorgeous Summer Corn Recipes. The ultimate sign of summer? Corn. Preferably on the cob. But, we'll take corn any which way, really -- as long as it's fresh and sweet and the weather is warm.
Southern Sweet Tea Granita. When a tall glass of iced tea won't cool you off, stick it in the freezer.  Top it with lemon cream and you've got a winner for these hot summer days.
10 Farmer's Market Rules To Swear By. Now that just about every town boasts a market, it's a good time to clarify some guidelines.
These Boozy Popsicle Recipes Are Even Better Than Cocktails. The only thing better than an ice-cold cocktail at the end of a long, hot summer day is a cocktail that comes in popsicle
No-Bake Energy Bites. If you are like me, then you need snacks throughout the day. How I married a man that doesn't snack at all during the day is beyond me.
Pink Lemonade Vodka Jello Shots. Nothing says party quite like knocking back shots of pink Jello in a lemon wedge loaded with organic vodka, right? We thought so!
Peach-Blueberry Crostata. Crostadas are like free-form pies, not baked in a pan, but rather on a baking sheet, with the dough folded up around the edges of the filling. They are rustic looking, absolutely beautiful, with the filling bubbling up from within the crust.
DIY Labels For Homemade Jams And Jellies (PHOTOS). With the overload of summer fruit in season, it's time to start thinking about making jams and jellies. You might play it
What Is Freezer Burn?. So, how can you avoid this? Easy. Make sure you wrap your food properly. Don't leave your food in the freezer too long. (While
24 Reasons To Seek Out Fresh Figs. Take advantage while they're still in season.
Snow Cone Machines For Adults (PHOTOS). Snow cones are making a comeback. They've moved past those brightly colored, sweet syrups served on the street into something
Mexican Torta Recipes. You've probably heard the word \torta\ before. Maybe you're thinking, \Oh, I know, it's a cake.\ But that's not the kind
5 Delicious Bowls of Punch. Death and taxes aside, there are some great things about adulthood, and one of them is that it is mandatory to spike the punch.
How To Make A Whiskey Smash. Man, it's hot outside. Know what would cool us down? A glass full of ice, fruit juice, and a bit of booze. Fortunately, BA's
Chilled Mint Yogurt Soup. With temperatures soaring this summer, I tend to move towards lighter and cooler menus. This is the perfect dish to cool you down on a hot and sweltering summer day.
Eggplant Recipes That'll Make This Summer More Delicious. Eggplant gets a bad rap. Let us set the record straight.
How to Cocktail Video. If you visit the south of France and want something refreshing to drink on a hot day, there's a pretty good chance you'll be offered a glass of Ricard.
Recipes Made With Potato Chips. Potato chip lovers know how addictive potato chips can be -- once you start eating one, it's hard to stop before you've reached
10 Swedish Sandwich Cake Recipes (PHOTOS). But, if you spend time thinking about these cakes, as we did at Kitchen Daily (we just couldn't look away!), you begin to
Chain Food Showdown. Week 3
Recipes To Clean Out Your Cupboard. If you like to experiment with cooking different cuisines, you're cupboard probably looks like ours
Do You Know Your Classic Ice Cream Truck Treats? (QUIZ). Was there anything better when you were a kid than the sound of the ice cream truck coming down your block? That music still
Pissaladiere. With anchovies not being a favorite on my list, along with a desire to always put my own twist on a recipe, I have created my version of the Pissaladiere.
Kitchen Ninja. Sure, a cherry pitter is an easy accessory to pick up but not everyone likes to buy single-purpose kitchen tools. And why bother when you can easily hack one? Today we're sharing an easy and gadget-free way to hack a cherry pitter.
\u2018Franch' Dressing's Origins Revealed By Breaking Bad Creator. Unable to resist the rich history and flavor of this cross-breed dressing we made up a batch and tested it out on our lab
Rose, Hibiscus, and Thai Basil Lemon Granitas. The tartness of summer's signature beverage, lemonade, seems like something that could stand up to the floral, and sometimes very perfumey, notes of dried blossoms.
Gluten-Free Zucchini n' Corn Pasta Salad. Here's a quick and easy summertime pasta salad that's sure to please your guests at your next picnic or BBQ. No mayo needed -- just a touch of olive oil and lemon juice will do the trick, and the fresh corn, lemon zest and zucchini add the perfect sweet touch!
How To Eliminate That Unpleasant Freezer Odor. If the smell that wafts out of your freezer makes you lose your appetite every time you open the door, you've got a problem
DIY Airplane Food. For most people, airplane food isn't something to look forward to, but at least it used to be complimentary. Now the only
Sandwich Crafting. Some of you may have heard of the gourmet sandwich shop chain 'Wichcraft. It's a pretty appropriate name for a sandwich shop, not only because its so clever of a name, but because sandwiches really are crafted.
7 Summer Soups. By now you've eaten salads aplenty and barbecued to your heart's content, so why not try something a little different -- a summery soup, perhaps.
17 Surprising Things You Can Put In The Dishwasher. This kitchen appliance does a whole lot more than wash plates.
Every Corn Recipe You Need To Eat This Summer. All of them perfectly sweet and savory.
Meatless Monday Recipes. It is no secret that I love meat. From time to time, however, I try to eat meals that are based on vegetables, tofu, or beans.
The Best Caramel Popcorn. Our editors rounded up 17 big brands of caramel popcorns to find the best. They're not all technically caramel corn -- one
5 Easy Cookout Cocktails. It's cookout season across the country, and you know what that means
Finger Food Recipes For Summer Entertaining. Snacks are the truth.
How To Freeze Summer Fruit. When it's the middle of the summer, we're quickly reminded that this time of year is all too fleeting. And while we never
How To Cook Okra That's Not Slimy. Okra -- it's one of those vegetables that you either love or hate. There seems to be almost no in between. But really, why
15 Juicy And Cute Mini Sliders For Your Special Soiree. The brainchild of an American fast food company in the eighties, sliders are catching on in many parts of the world as hip and convenient party food.
Learn How To Frost A Cake. Have you ever spent hours baking a cake -- mixing, shifting, stacking and frosting -- and taken a step back to look proudly
3 Tricks for Healthier Macaroni Salad. If you think your typical macaroni salad is harmless, think again. Right when you're about to squeeze back into that bikini, good old macaroni salad will make that task a little more difficult.
7 Icy Cocktails To Keep You Cool This Summer. Crushed, cubed, sphered and speared, ice is an essential cocktail element, and never more so than when the mercury rises.
Marshmallows Gone Wild!. With the summer finally here, it's time we break out the mallows and start toasting away. But wait...there's more you can
Cooking For One. Being single doesn't mean your meals have to suffer. If you're single and are tired of ordering in, eating out, or just not
Blackberry Recipes That Remind You Why Summer Is The Sweetest Season. This season is so much sweeter thanks to this fruit.
Grilled Chicken Wing Recipes. Chicken wings are a standard during football season. When a game is on, people are eating chicken wings, their hands slathered
How To Cook If You Don't Cook. What works for experienced cooks is not going to work for kitchen-resistant cooks. So here's my advice to people who don't cook.
Limoncello Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). If you've ever had limoncello, the Italian lemon liqueur, you know it's something quite amazing. Luckily limoncello is easy
Squash Blossoms Prove Some Flowers Are Meant For Eating. Some flowers are meant for eating.
5 Cocktail Recipes To Toast National Daiquiri Day. July 19 is National Daiquiri Day, and with sunny, hot weather sweeping the nation, we can't think of a better time to kick back with the classic Cuban cooler.
Vegetable Cocktails. You might not like eating your veggies, but you will sure like drinking them in your next cocktail. While we must often turn
How To Pair Wine And Cheese. There's a lot of cheese in the world-- hundreds of different kinds -- and every last bit of it, to Ray Isle's mind, tastes even better with wine.
Celery Lime Summer Soup. Celery lime soup seems a likely candidate for the menu at a sleek urban bistro whose aesthetic tends toward brushed chrome and glass.
Ribbon Salad Recipes. Ribbon salads are light, fresh, simple to make, and most importantly, they're gorgeous. They're composed of thinly shaved
The Best All-Natural Popsicles. If you've ever seen the popsicle commercial created by the Corn Refiners Association, you know that most frozen treats are
How To Cook The Perfect Steak Every Time. Grilling steak is practically a rite of summer, but it isn't always the easiest thing to do, especially when everyone is
How To Make A Stovetop Smoker At Home (VIDEO). You don't need a fancy and pricey outdoor smoker to get amazingly flavored meat that tastes like it's been smoked for half
20 Times Salted Caramel Made Dessert Even Better (RECIPES). Here's how you can put it on EVERYTHING.
27 Ways To Make Your Bell Peppers Less Boring. These recipes prove that bell peppers are anything but expected.
Hottest Summer Kitchen Gadgets. While the heat rises and our culinary juices start to flow, now is a better time than ever to stock up on some of the latest and hottest kitchen gadgets.
12 Alcohol-Infused Ice Cream Floats That Make Happy Hour Even Sweeter. Follow Us On Pinterest | Like Us On Facebook | Follow Us On Twitter Answer
5 Recipes to Make With Zucchini. It's summer and some of you might have an overwhelming amount of zucchini on your hands. Of course you can grill or make vegetable soups with your zucchini, but it can get a bit boring.
5 Tips To Stop Wasting Food And Start Saving Money. The average American wastes more than 200 pounds of food a year -- that's a lot of wasted dollars too!
40 Truly Amazing Blueberry Recipes. This little fruit makes some great dishes.
10 Ways To Use Mustard, Other Than On Hot Dogs. When you look at a bottle of mustard, what do you think? That it's just a condiment for hot dogs, right? Sadly that bottle
The Best Summer Beers To Look Out For, 2012 (PHOTOS). With summer's rising temperatures, sometimes there's nothing better than a cold glass (or can ... or bottle) of beer. But
5 Great Things To Do With Top-Shelf Tequila. We've compiled this list of five great tequila drinks in which using the good stuff really makes a difference.
These Icebox Cake Recipes Are Upping The Dessert Game. Summer dessert at its finest.
Unusual Foods To Grill. When the grill comes out, hamburgers and hot dogs are soon to follow. And while we've got nothing against these summertime
Get Down & Dirty With Strawberries. Whether you're eating them plain or with clotted cream, stacking them sky-high with meringues, or using them to top a spinach salad, here's everything you need to know about strawberries.
Shows We Love. Jamie's show is paired with a book, which was a big seller in the U.K. But not everyone is a fan of Jamie's 30-minute method
How To Cook Eggplant Perfectly Every Time. When made right, eggplant can be silky and sweet (or golden and crisp). We enjoy it in so many great dishes such as caponata
Strawberry Feta Skewers. Can you call a recipe a \recipe\ if you don't actually cook anything? Maybe this should just be called \good snack instructions\ instead. Wash fruit. Slice feta. Grab mint. Stack. Devour.
Flavored Waters. Something must be in the water because it seems everyone is talking about flavored waters -- and we don't mean the ones you
Heart-Shaped Eggs. Well, see for yourself. File this under
French Recipes To Celebrate Bastille Day (PHOTOS). Every July 14, Bastille Day is celebrated in France and around the world. Known as La F\u00eate Nationale, the holiday commemorates
43 Even Better Takes On The Rice Krispies Treat. Psst, Nutella is involved.
Seedless Cucumbers. Cucumbers are wonderful eaten raw, tossed into salads and of course pickled and enjoyed as a snack, but sometimes those darn
How to Cocktail Video. As you can imagine, when we throw a party, the cocktails can't just be decent. They need to be great. So we almost always serve a bowl of delicious punch.
Peach Recipes Are Making Summer Sweeter. Pies, cobblers, cocktails and so much more.
7 Boozy Summer Desserts. There are two foolproof ways to celebrate
Dress Up Your Gazpacho. This recipe for Gazpacho with Marinated Feta, Olives & Basil takes literally minutes to put together, packs a lot of flavor and is incredibly pretty. Make this on a hot day or whenever you are craving tomatoes.
Ketchup On Hot Dogs. There's a war raging in our country right now, and the source of this conflict is ketchup. More specifically, the dispute
Freezing Fresh Herbs In Olive Oil Preserves Them. Check out the full post on The Kitchn for lots of tips, including what kinds of oils work best and how long they'll last
No-Cook Recipes For Summer Dining (PHOTOS). There are times when we just can't bring ourselves to cook; when boiling water will make our already warm house unbearably
A Tomato Takeover. July's the time to pull some tomatoes off the vine and toss them into your summer staples while the sun's still setting late.
Perfect Pie Crust Baking Tips. Food & Wine's senior recipe developer Grace Parisi has perfected her pie pastry technique. Here, she shares her best tips.
Cucumber Recipes. They're not just for pickling.
Southern Recipes For The Best Summer Eating. Pickled okra has a spot on our plate all year long.
Crimes Against BBQ Brisket. Aaron Franklin spends a lot of time thinking about brisket. Here, Franklin saves home cooks and their summer guests from the worst crimes against Texas-style barbecue brisket.
15 Twists On Classic Cocktail Recipes. Arm yourself for the holidays.
The Best Cherries For Eating vs. Baking. Photo from 3liz4, Flickr. Do you know the difference between the kind of cherries you'd eat vs. the ones you should bake
A Berry Bounty. While any berry can stand alone, a mixture of strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries balances the range of sweet and tart along the berry spectrum.
10-Minute 'Soft-Serve' You Can Make In Your Food Processor. The secret to making creamy 'soft-serve' without a special machine lies in the bananas -- they're inherently soft and a little gooey when they're ripe.
Recipes That'll Make You Fall In Love With Zucchini All Over Again. Let's enjoy this amazingly verdant squash while it's in peak season!
How To Make Homemade Extracts. Flavored extracts are a great way to add flavor to many baked goods -- just think about how many recipes call for a teaspoon
Compound Butter Recipes That Will Make Your Meal Instantly Better. It's all in the butter.
How To Save Money On Groceries By Cooking With Kitchen Scraps. You'll never guess what you can do with potato peels.
Watermelon Recipes To Eat All Summer Long. You want these.
Fast Food Workers Of Reddit Tell You What Not To Eat. Vegetarians Beware
Favorite Carnival Food Recipes (PHOTOS). There are few places you can find corn dogs, cotton candy and fried pickles all in one place, which is why carnivals are
Mint & Radish Summer Salad. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com by guest blogger Maya Rodale,\u00a0writer of historical\u00a0tales
Wine Spritzers That Are Anything But Lame. Photo credit
Jam Recipes. Tis the season to put up some jam.
How To Cocktail Video. The mere mention of the name brings to mind images of scandalous French parties, post-Impressionist painters with missing ears and a swarm of green fairies.
A Spray-Nozzle For Citrus Fruits. This can't possibly work, right? And even if it does, is the citrus fruit not already nature's most perfect spray bottle
The Ultimate Foodie Guide To Summer. Welcome to the official Foodie Underground Guide to Summer, with a list of everything you ever wanted to do when it comes to food, and a few things you never thought of.
Milkshake Recipes That Live Up To Your Greatest Expectations. LUCKY CHARMS MILKSHAKE!!!
Five Great Cocktails For A Day At The Beach. Beach season is upon us, and whether you're near Venice, Daytona, Cape Cod or Easthampton, we think it's a perfect opportunity to pack a little creativity in your cooler.
Avocado Recipes That Go Way Beyond Guacamole. As if one wasn't enough.
Hamburger Secrets. \Give a man a burger and he will gladly pay you Tuesday. Teach a man to make a burger and he will feed his family as if every day is Sunday.\ -- Meathead
Why You Should Spiral Cut Your Wiener For The Best Hot Dogs. Are you ready for your July Fourth parties? Will there be hot dogs? This is America, of course there will be hot dogs! We'd
A 1776-Style Feast. The City Tavern, built in 1773 and located in Philadelphia, is one of the oldest taverns in the United States and was an
How To Make Cocktails Without A Recipe. The finishing touches, such as topping off a cocktail with a couple drops of bitters or spritzing citrus on the rim of the
What Mario Batali Is Craving This Summer. Mario Batali has restaurants on both coasts, but during the Summer, the Italian-American chef is inspired by a unexpected
Gazpacho Recipes. Gazpacho is one of our favorite things about summer. One of the best things about this chilled, Spanish soup is just how
A Guide to Opened Wine. I've been known to transform last night's seemingly dissonant dinner ingredients into tomorrow's lunch masterpiece. But when it comes to wine, leftovers are an entirely different issue.
How To Test Egg Freshness (VIDEO). As we gear up for July fourth celebrations all over America, some of you may be freaking out about deviling some eggs. \Should
'BBQ Pitmasters' Finale. It was winner-take-all as the five victors from the preliminaries competed for $50,000, the title 'Kingsford BBQ Pitmasters Grand Champion,' and a spot in the Kingsford Invitational.
You Don't Like To Cook? I Don't Want To Hear About It.. I love spending long days in the kitchen, taking my time to make a batch of cookies or chopping up the vegetables for dinner. But while I feel that way, I know not everyone does.
Quinoa. We were sure that by this point, everybody knew what quinoa was. You can find it in most grocery stores and it has been written
The Easiest Way To Shuck Corn. Corn is one of the best things about summer -- eating perfectly sweet ears right off the cob is a summer rite. But cleaning
Ribs Recipes. Dearest vegetarians and vegans
The Secret To Juicy Pork Chops Without The Fat. Pork Chops are one of my favorite meats to grill. They're quick cooking and relatively cheap, but they haven't always been so well received.
10 'Breastaurants' You Should Know (PHOTOS). As the Associated Press reported earlier this week, it would seem \breastaurants\ are here to stay. Eateries that emphasis
An Imbiber's Guide To The Ultimate 4th Of July BBQ. Just because the Fourth of July falls on a Wednesday this year doesn't mean you can't celebrate -- in fact, its mid-week placement means there's a weekend on either side to raise a glass in toast.
Winner. For the meringue
Drink Your Fourth-of-July Watermelon. Just like hot dogs, flag cake and sparklers, watermelon is a staple of Independence Day. But no matter how many guests we invite, we never seem to be able to finish a whole one.
Frozen Dessert Recipes That Don't Require An Ice Cream Maker (PHOTOS). Not all of us have space for an ice cream maker in our kitchens -- it's an appliance that really only gets used one season
The Best Store-Bought Lemonade. Lemonade, by definition, is simply a mixture of sugar, water and lemon juice. Thanks to the wonders of food manufacturing
Processed Food Recipes. If you're like most of us, you typically turn to Coca-Cola for a drink, Heinz ketchup for dipping your fries and Fritos chips
New England Clam Chowder. If there's one dish that has the ability to inspire heated debate, it's New England clam chowder. When Rhode Islanders added
Carrot Salad Recipe with Harissa, Feta and Mint. In sorting the recipes the Accidental Locavore had on the cloud, this salad sounded like the perfect accompaniment to steak tartare on a very hot evening.
Recipes That Make The Most Of Garlic Scapes. These twisty, curly, bright green stems are one of our favorite things about spring.
Herbal Cocktail Recipes. Would a mojito or a mint julep be the same without mint? Probably not. Herbs add so much flavor to cocktails whether muddled
How To Make A Vodka Watermelon. Though there is an easier way to make one -- it just requires a little bit of planning. Cut a hole into the watermelon the
American Food. It's difficult to define American food, to say that dish x is the best representation of an entire country that's so expansive
Cheap Cooking Tips. We're all interested in saving money, no matter what our economical situation. Lucky for us, there are many different ways
Homemade Infused Liquors. Strawberries, basil, raspberries and peaches -- the summer is a great time for fresh produce and herbs. And while we love
Homemade Barbecue Sauce Recipes. Barbecue sauces come in all types and flavors, but most people only know the store-bought kinds. The bottles of thick gloopy
Debunking Beer Can Chicken. Think about this
How To Make Fried Green Tomatoes (VIDEO). For many of us, fried green tomatoes equate not to the crisp, summery food from the south, but to the 1991 movie that has
Quick And Easy Dinner. Even if you love to cook, live to cook, dinner can be a chore -- especially when you're trying to get that meal on the table
Flag Cake Recipes And More Patriotic Desserts That'll Sweeten The Fourth Of July. It's the only way to celebrate the 4th.
Nora Ephron's Favorite Recipes. Nothing like mashed potatoes when you're feeling blue. Nothing like getting into bed with a bowl of hot mashed potatoes already
Summer Cocktails for Moms. At the end of June, and well into July and August, Mommy needs -- no, Mommy deserves -- a cocktail. Here are some of my personal summer faves.
Patriotic Cocktails To Drink On July Fourth. Summer is in full swing, and we are really enjoying it. This is the season for sizzling grills, sunshine-drenched backyard
7 Summery Pastas. Summer has officially arrived, and with it the season's heavy heat has settled in. So, it's time for easy-to-throw-together meals that can serve one or an entire beach house full of guests.
How To Buy A Melon. How do you buy a melon? Trust your nose. If it smells quite sweet, it will be sweet. Check for ripeness by pressing the dime-sized round at the melon's end.
Best Hot Dogs. Don't think about hot dogs too much. Doing so may result in the realization that you're eating questionable animal parts
You're Sick Of Your Old Pasta Salad Recipe, So Get A New One Already. Take it easy on the mayo and you'll be all good.
Vegetarian Grilling Recipes. Do not, we repeat DO NOT serve boring food to vegetarians at a BBQ.
What Do You Read? The Accidental Locavore's Top 3 Food Magazines. What are your favorite food magazines?
5 Fast-Food Favorites You Can Make Healthier At Home. Restaurant meals taste good and eating out sure is convenient. But some of the dishes we've come to love are costing our waistlines big-time.
Ten Things Your Kitchen Really Doesn't Need. After reading a recent Huff Post piece on appliances you don't need in your kitchen, I was struck by the reader comments. I got to thinking there's another way to think of paring down in the kitchen.
45 Beautiful Raspberry Recipes. All of them sweet. Some of the boozy.
How To Pit Cherries Without Using A Cherry Pitter. Cherries are one of those summer fruits that are worth waiting for all year long -- there's nothing like eating them fresh
9 Cheap And Healthy Foods To Save You Money. We all know that eating out is expensive. And we've been told that cooking at home will save us lots of money. But more often
Whoopie Pie Recipes Prove This Dessert Is The Best Of All Worlds. It's a cookie, cake and pie in one!
Drink Like An Italian. From pasta and pizza to tiramisu, Americans have a pretty good idea how to eat like an Italian. But how does one drink like one?
How To Make Croissants Like Meryl Streep. While we might not be up for making homemade croissants every weekend (they require many turns of the rolling pin and a delicate
How To Make Greek Yogurt, The Cheap Way. Over the years, Greek yogurt has become all the rage -- first there was only Fage, but now it seems every yogurt company
How To Extend The Life Of Summer Produce. One of the best things about summer is the vast bounty of fruits and vegetables. If you've visited a farmers' market or farm
Dandelion Greens Recipes. Don't let these bitter greens throw you for a loop, they prove that even weeds can be delicious.
Sugar Substitute Cooking Guide. Things used to be simple. If we wanted something sweet, we turned to sugar, or honey or maple syrup. But now we've got options
FYI, Your Kitchen Is Probably Dirtier Than A Toilet Seat. \In most cases, it's safer to make a salad on a toilet seat than it is to make one on a cutting board,\ says Dr. Charles Gerba (a.k.a. Dr. Germ).
Baked Fruit Dessert Recipes. When you've got fruit that's past its prime, or maybe it's just not very flavorful to begin with (either pithy or rubbery
Taco Recipes To Try On Cinco De Mayo And All Summer Long. With Cinco de Mayo approaching, now is the perfect time to eat ALL of these tacos.
Organic Produce. Is organic food worth its hefty price tag? There has been much debate over this, with not a lot of conclusion. Some say that
Picnic Dessert Recipes. Picnics are great in theory, yet can be a little less than ideal to execute. There's a reason that we dine indoors, because
Unnecessary Kitchen Appliances. Thumb through any housewares catalog or look at any cooking website and you'll see there are hundreds of kitchen appliances
8 Foolproof Desserts For A Barbecue.. With Wine Pairings!. Here are our 9 favorite classic party desserts for a barbecue -- cakes, cookies, ice cream and pudding -- with wine pairings provided by Dennis Keohane from invino.
Korean Recipes To Try Right Now. It's getting pretty hard to ignore
How To Read Egg Labels. Main photo from akeg, Flickr. Unless you have a chicken coop in your own backyard, one time or another you've probably spent
Key Lime Recipes That Go Way Beyond Pie. Go way beyond pie.
Smoothie Recipes. When you've got amazing summer fruit, there are more ways to enjoy it than just eating it out of hand -- one of the most
The Best Store-Bought Ice Cream Desserts For Summer. With the advent of summer comes a lack of real estate in our freezers, as boxes of ice cream treats make their annual pilgrimage
Lillet Rose. If you're familiar with Lillet, you know that this company makes a refreshing and floral drink perfect for any warm, lazy
Puff Pastry Recipes. If you've ever made puff pastry from scratch, you know how difficult it can be -- there are layers and layers of butter sandwiched
Breaking the Mold. Summer is finally upon us, and with the seasonal shift come the obligatory outdoor barbecues, the fireworks of July Fourth
Mug Cakes You Can Make In The Microwave. 19 recipes for making cake in a mug.
Halloumi Recipes. Enjoy grilled cheese without the bread -- it's the best way to eat it in the summertime. And not just any cheese, but halloumi
Green Bean Recipes That Make The Most Of Late Summer (PHOTOS). You can pry our summer produce out of our cold, dead hands.
How To Massage Kale. Massaging kale is easy to do. Take bunches of kale in both hands -- with the fibrous ribs removed -- rub them together and
How To Cook With Your Senses. Taste, aroma, sight, feel and sound all contribute to the eating experience -- we smell food before we see or taste it, and
Kitchen Knives. Do you know the difference between a paring knife and a bread knife? What about which knife is best to use for fish and which
Vietnamese Recipes. With these fresh flavors, you won't want to eat anything else.
The 5 Most Dangerous Vegetables. A UK study has ranked the most dangerous vegetables by how many injuries they cause in the kitchen. The study found that
Kohlrabi Recipes. We promise that this vegetable did not come from an alien planet.
The Best Cheese Puffs Brands. Cheese puffs. Cheese doodles. Cheese curls. Cheesy puffs. Or, if you're a South Park fan, Cheesy Poofs. Whatever you call
Summer Pie Recipe Contest. While we're big fans of summer, there are some things we could do without (bugs!). But we definitely couldn't do without
18 Kebab Recipes You Need To Make, Because Everything's Better On A Stick. We're skewering everything from salads to snacks, main courses to dessert.
Refrigerator Savings. It's a vicious cycle
Give Your Father The Gift Of Cocktails. This weekend, honor your pops by making him a delicious drink. Here are a few of our favorites. You can thank us later. Cheers!
Jell-O Shot Recipes That Have Graduated From College. Jell-O has never been so fancy.
8 Summery BBQ Sides. From fresh salads to grilled veggies and seasonal gratins, we've got eight festive dishes to round out your barbecues all summer long.
Nicotine In Vegetables. Indeed, the researchers found both through their own work and previous studies that nicotine is present in many human foods
Essential Grilling Tools for Dad. Forget about giving Dad another banal tie rack, or a new wallet, or even a nice bottle of cologne -- get him what he really wants. How about some grilling tools?
Money-Saving Alternatives To Lobster Rolls (PHOTOS). When you think of New England cuisine, one of the first things that come to mind is the lobster roll -- succulent, sweet
Unique Grilling Methods. Grilled chicken is one of those things that many people do amazingly right or horribly wrong -- that's especially true when
The Best Salmon Recipes For Quick And Easy Dinners. These recipes are almost foolproof.
How To Crack An Egg Like Audrey Hepburn (VIDEO). While well adored for her style and grace by many, we quite like Audrey Hepburn for her ability to crack an egg -- with one
Common Cooking Myths Debunked. Cooking can be a little tricky. You have to deal with sharp knives and onions that make you cry. There's also the fear of
8 Spring Roll Recipes For Summer. It happens every year. When the weather gets warmer, we crave lighter foods. But there are only so many salads we can eat
Do Food Expiration Dates Really Mean Anything?. Do we really need to throw food away by the date printed on the carton? If not, how long do we have before it really goes bad? And what does 'going bad' really mean?
Meaty Sandwiches. When it comes to cooking for Father's Day, we have an inkling that dad's favorite foods will involve some nice juicy meat
Father's Day Cocktails. On Father's Day, make a toast to your dad with a great manly cocktail. We've put together a selection of our favorite dad
Common Cooking Mistakes. Are you often disappointed with your cooking? Do you follow all your recipes to a tee and still don't quite get it right
The Best Store-Bought Chocolate Chip Cookie Brands. By now, you probably already know that chocolate chip cookies were created by a glorious accident, but it's an accident that's
10 Family Cookbooks For Dads, By Chef Dads. For Father's Day, give the gift that keeps on giving with these family cookbooks, written by celebrity chefs who are also
Ice Cream Sandwich Recipes That Will Make You Melt. Warning
The Cherry Recipes You've Been Waiting For All Year. This little fruit makes some bold dishes.
7 Burgers For Father's Day. So you think your dad is special, huh? Then what better way to show it that than to cook him a burger that's as special as he is.
10 Perfect Side Dishes For Ribs. The best way to savor juicy, tangy ribs
Man Food. Dad, we feel for you. We know you love burgers, steaks, mashed potatoes and all the other things we always try to feed you
Candy Dessert Recipes Prove You Can Never Have Too Much Of A Good Thing (PHOTOS). We think you can never have too much of a good thing.
Aguas Frescas Recipes (PHOTOS). Recipes you'll want to be drinking all summer long.
9 Great Ways To Cook Fish This Summer. Something about summer makes us want to add tons of fish, preferably freshly caught, to our diets. But then comes the question
Paella Recipes. Paella, a signature Spanish dish, is a specialty of Valencia. During the summer there, crowds of people come together for
Spring Fritatta. This recipe captures spring for me, and today I have just-picked spinach, fresh, fresh eggs, organic local milk, feta cheese, and ramps -- my new favorite flavor.
Rub Recipes For Summer Grilling (PHOTOS). It's amazing what a little spice can do.
Liquid Mozzarella & What To Do With It. Wonderfully squishy on the inside, fresh and milking tasting, this cheese comes close to what you'd eat in Italy.
Tips For Grilling Fish. The aroma of the barbecue is an alluring one -- hamburgers, steaks and hot dogs on the grill are a common summer sight to
Working With Butter. The summer brings with it a bounty of fresh berries and stone fruit, all of them perfect for turning into irresistible pies
22 Cilantro Recipes For The Herb's Biggest Fans (PHOTOS). A little bit of fresh herbs can go a long way in a recipe. They pack a ton of flavor, and cilantro is no exception. Its bright
The Best Chocolate Sandwich Cookies. We put 8 brands of chocolate sandwich cookies to the test to see which ones our panel of testers liked the best. To make
7 Sea-Inspired Pastas. As you wipe the sand off your toes and start to ponder dinner, you're sorry to leave the beach. So don't. These simple, seafood pastas take your tastebuds out to sea.
The Best Chocolate Chips For Baking Cookies (PHOTOS). What would chocolate chip cookies be without chocolate chips? If it wasn't for Ruth Wakefield, who in 1937 chopped up a Nestle
Toaster Oven Recipes. Cooking isn't easy -- even home cooks who love spending time in the kitchen know that. It takes practice, patience and a
Chilled Pie Recipes. In the summer, the last thing most people want to do is slave over a hot oven, even if it's the perfect season for desserts
Defrosting Meat. Freezing food is pretty easy to do. You realize you're not going to eat something within the next couple of days, so rather
Creating The Ideal Summer Cocktail. Unlike its citrus siblings lemon and orange, lime brings a balance of sweet and sour to a drink. That's why it's an essential part of tropical classics like the Daiquiri and Margarita.
Canned vs. Bottled Beer. When it comes to beer, the container it comes in holds a lot of sway -- the debate between cans vs. bottles is an ongoing
Bread As Body Parts. Kittiwat is the son of a baker and has been making such creations since 2006. In 2010, he explained to CNN why he does it
How To Open A Beer Without A Bottle Opener (VIDEOS). 11 tricks every imbiber should know.
Food Safety. There are times when we walk the line and indulge in questionable foods. Two-for-one steak dinners at a local rest-stop diner
Cake Baking Mistakes Everyone Needs To Stop Making. Correct yourself -- and bake better cakes.
My Favorite Granola. Granola is so easy to make, it's almost a crime to buy it ready-made.  Although it may not be less expensive than store-bought, you can customize the homemade version and it tastes so much fresher.
Modern (And Often Boozy) Takes On Iced Tea. We've rounded up a handful of cocktail and mocktail recipes that offer decidedly modern takes on the classic cooler.
Bacon Dessert Recipes (PHOTOS). Bacon has a large, loyal fan base that has a deep love for this breakfast meat. People just can't get enough of it. So it's
Oven Thermometers. Unless you have a brand new or regularly calibrated oven, chances are your oven's temperature is not accurate. You may set
Chicken Recipes. Americans buy chicken more than any other food, which means we're eating chicken more often than any other meat for dinner
Apricot Recipes. This is one fruit you want to take advantage of.
The 40 S'mores Recipes You Need Right Now. For when a campfire is not an option.
Pie Recipe Contest. How it'll work
Tips For Freezing Meals. Just remember three simple rules -- freeze cool, freeze fast and freeze airtight. This recipe is just about freezer proof and worth your time.
Imbibe Picks. While we all wait for tomato season to arrive, there are plenty of bottled Bloody Mary mixes on the market, and there's a version out there for everyone.
The Best Way To Make Pizza This Summer Is On The Grill (RECIPES). Pizza has never been better.
Buying In Bulk. Everyone loves a deal, especially so when it comes to grocery shopping. The allure of saving without using coupons has lured
Best and Worst Fast Food Muffins. My assumption, in ordering a wholesome-looking, berry-studded muffin virtually every day, was that I was making a healthy choice. It turns out, however, that that's not necessarily the case.
11 Frugal Ways To Use Kitchen Scraps. There's no way around it, we have to spend our hard-earned money on food. And since our option is to either comply or starve
The Best Layer Cake Recipes Around. Each layer more glorious than the last.
The Perfect June Drinks. We love a bone-chillingly cold Martini as much as the next cocktail fan (or British super-spy). But the world of gin drinks is, of course, much, much bigger than just this one famous concoction.
The Best Iced Tea Bag Brands. As always, this taste test is not sponsored or influenced by the brands involved. If you love iced tea, you have two options
Grilled Pound Cake. Have a pound cake lying around your kitchen? Throw it on the grill. If you don't have one of those at the ready, get baking
Baking Yeast. Have you ever stopped to think what makes bread so delicious, airy and light? Yeast -- it's the little guys that help breads
The 50 Best Grilling Recipes For Summer Cooking. Give the kitchen a rest for the next three months.
Which Foods Need To Be Refrigerated?. To refrigerate after opening or not to refrigerate? That's a question that many of us don't reflect upon enough. We often
What You Can And Can't Put In The Microwave. Microwaves are mysterious. When they entered the culinary scene some 60 years ago, they altered the way home cooks did things
Bread Baking Tips. Sources
Marinades And Rubs. Marinating and adding spice rubs to fish and meat before it hits the grill can add some serious flavor to your food, but
8 White House Recipes The Obama Family Loves. It's been more than a year since we first learned Michelle Obama was working on her own gardening and healthy eating book
7 No-Cook Salads. Get yourself a pile of fresh vegetables, slice a bit, chop a bit -- and ta da! Lunch, dinner, an appetizer, a side dish
Get The Dish. Morton's the Steakhouse has been an American fixture for more than 30 years, and there's nothing more iconic than the institution's
The Greatest Homemade Doughnut Recipes You'll Ever Find. Because one just wouldn't be enough.
7 Weeknight Shrimp Dinners. The word \shrimp\ in a main course promises a dinner that's fast, healthy and protein-packed
The Pros And Cons Of Online Grocery Shopping. When it comes to grocery shopping, we fall into two camps
This Little Piggy Went To Market. With the worry that American beef is pumped up with hormones and who knows what else, maybe it is time Americans are taught where the food on their plates comes from.
Which Is Better For The Environment. Anyone who's ever watched a teenager (grudgingly) wash one fork at a time when it's their turn to do the dinner dishes has thought \I wonder if that's really the most efficient use of our resources.\
Every Pie Recipe You Want And Need. The more pie the better.
Saut\u00e9ing Shrimp. Trust your common sense, your sense of touch and your taste. Don't over cook is the mantra for all fish, especially for shrimp.
Dip Recipes. When the weather warms up we know it means a number of things. The days will slowly become longer and longer, making the
The Best Rhubarb Recipe. Place the sealed jars on the thickness of a kitchen towel and allow to rest and cool completely overnight. Preserves will
How To Core A Head Of Iceberg Lettuce In 3 Seconds. Saveur Magazine is at it again. We're sure you remember their ten second garlic-peeling trick from a few months ago. Well
Money Mindful Meals. This frozen yogurt tastes exactly like something you get at Red Mango or Pinkberry
7 Gorgeous Spring Pea Recipes. Each part of the pea plant -- the tiny peas themselves, their shoots, even their pods (which can be simmered to make a broth) -- tastes of the sweet, sunny days of spring.
Summery Cocktails To Kick Off Memorial Day Weekend. Memorial Day marks the unofficial start to summer, and we'll be soaking up the long holiday weekend with a batch of warm weather-ready drinks.
10 Recipes For A Memorial Day BBQ Feast. Memorial Day signifies the start of summer, and to start it off on the right foot we're throwing a backyard barbecue feast.
7 Lemony Twists On Memorial Day Drinks. Tired of plain old lemonade? These chilled drinks take this classic summer quencher for a spin with the addition of the season's favorite ingredients.
Barbecue Trivia. With barbecue season underway, almost everyone in America will be pulling out their grills for some outdoor entertaining
Kitchen Bacteria. The kitchen is one of the many places we frequent that we want to make sure is clean -- really, really clean. And unluckily
Healthy and Vegan Memorial Day Recipes. Memorial Day marks the start of the \fun in the sun\ season, so kick it off with an awesome get-together and killer food! Check out our fun menu of recipes for the weekend.
The Best Barbecue Flavored Potato Chip Brands. So which brands performed the best? Check out the results below. The flavors that create the barbecue flavor in potato chips
How To Remove Tough Cooking Stains. This has probably happened to you at one time or another
The Perfect Memorial Day Cocktails. Take advantage of what's sure to be a beautiful long weekend (fingers crossed) by firing up the grill and fixing one of these tasty and refreshing cocktails.
Fire Up The Grill. Memorial Day marks the unofficial start of summer and grilling season, so no better way to celebrate than a backyard BBQ.
Hazan Family Favorites. A great cookbook is like a good friend
Prosciutto Recipes. We can't stop wrapping things in salty ham.
Food Expiration Dates. The information for the life span of food items was found on StillTasty.com. If curious about the expiration dates on other
The Deviled Eggs Recipes You Want And Need. We'd like to urge you to put all those eggs to good use and devil them!
Charcoal vs. Gas Grilling. When it comes to grilling, people are pretty divided -- on one side there are those who prefer grilling with gas, and on
The Best American Cheese For Melting. Despite its faults, American cheese shines in terms of meltability. In a matter of seconds, heat can morph the cold, rubbery
10 Ways to Eat a Tortilla. Tortillas are very handy to have around, whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner, or dessert, whether you are alone or feeding
20 Simple Ways To Save Money On Groceries. Photo credit
Indoor Grilling. Summer is all about steaks, burgers, ribs and all things grilled. But even if you don't have the space or place to grill
Bartending Terms. Photo credits
Toxic Food. Ever since we were little kids, our parents have been drilling it into our heads
The Best Steak Cuts For Grilling (PHOTOS). When you think of grilling, one of the first foods that come to mind for many people is steak -- a thick, juicy one, ready
Soft Shell Crabs. WATCH
Cardoons. I grew up eating cardoons, or cardoni, every Spring; my grandmother would braise them, and I was always so fond of their
Turmeric. Turmeric is one of those words that many people feel hesitant when speaking it. It's a bright yellow spice that plays a big
Caper Recipes That'll Make You Love The Pickled Flower Bud. There are some ingredients that get taken for granted and capers top that list. Despite the capers small size, and their
Pasta With Ramps And A Light Cream Sauce. It is simply a lovely spring pasta, and with vegetable broth, a vegetarian one at that. You can use any pasta you like, but I used gemelli, which is a single \s\-shaped strand twisted into a spiral.
Plum Recipes. It's easy to forget about plums. They're not the most popular of summer fruits. Plums aren't small and cute like blueberries
Pluots, Apriums, Plumcots, Apriplums. At farmers markets, vendors are just beginning to display normal-looking fruits with unusual names \u2014 pluots, plumcots, apriums
12 Ways Egg Whites Can Lighten Up Your Meal. They're not just for desserts.
Every Cookie Recipe You'll Ever Need (And Then Some). And then some.
5 Mistakes You're Making With Cupcakes, And How To Avoid Them. Candace Nelson is considered by many to be the queen of cupcakes. She's co-owner of Sprinkles Cupcakes, the world's first
Tips For Making The Perfect Hot Dog. Ball games, barbecues and boardwalks all share one very tasty link -- the hot dog. Yet, there are lots of ways to prepare this most crowd-pleasing of treats.
Ice Cream. Summer is good for many things, but one of its best qualities is that it gives us free range to indulge in ice cream. What
Taste Test. We know that a bad cup of coffee can ruin your day, and since there are so many ways for this caffeine-loaded beverage to
What To Drink With Tex Mex. Beer and margaritas are ideal partners, but it would be a shame to leave Lone Star (or other) wine lovers out in the cold, with nothing to drink along with their fajitas. Here's a quick guide on what to drink with Tex Mex.
Goodbye Ramps, See You Next Year!. Well, any ramp-haters out there will be happy
7 Sweet Strawberry Recipes. Strawberries have arrived! They have finally burst into the stands of the Greenmarket, gracing us with their sweet and delicate perfume.
Fried Food. We owe a lot to the deep-fryer. It brought us fried chicken, doughnuts and onion rings (among many other favorite foods). We
What's The Secret To Fruit In Cake Batter?. My fruit sinks to the bottom whenever I add it to cake batter.  It never looks like the picture.  I must be missing something in the recipe.  What am I doing wrong?
The Best Dill Pickle Brands. Sometimes they're called gherkins, but don't let that stop you -- gherkins, for all intents and purposes, are just another
Nutella Recipes. We should all know by now that Nutella, the insanely addictive chocolate hazelnut spread, is not a healthy food item -- despite
Regional Condiments. Condiments don't get a lot of love. They're almost never the star player in a favorite dish. But when you can't get your
How To Make The Perfect Burger (PHOTOS). Crafting a classic burger is simple, right? But that doesn't mean it's easy. We've had too many dried-out discs of near-jerky
The Best Cooking Tips From Moms. Whether our moms (and even grandmas) were culinary geniuses or hated to cook, many of them still found themselves putting
Healthy Dinner Recipes That Make It Easy. You're welcome. Follow Us On Pinterest | Like Us On Facebook | Follow Us On Twitter For many of us, making dinner is an afterthought
The Most Mouth-Watering Burgers (PHOTOS). Burgers have never gone out of style, but they sure are having their moment in the foodie spotlight these days. They're no
7 Dressed-Up Chicken Breasts. Here are seven reasons to give chicken breasts a chance -- 7 ways to turn a blank slate into a wonderful meal.
16 Great Under-The-Radar Food Magazines. There are a few major food magazines that most people know of. They can provide some great content and we love looking through
Food 101. Too many students leave college without any knowledge of how to cook for themselves. Learning how to microwave instant ramen is not a cooking skill.  When we enter the real world, we need to be able to provide for ourselves.
Savory Crisps or Sables. Sabl\u00e9s are delicate, sweet or savory,\u00a0butter-laden crisps. This version would be a simple, elegant appetizer with cocktails or for a dinner party and a nice savory for an afternoon tea.
Potato Salad Recipes You'll Never Get Sick Of. No backyard barbecue is complete without this dish.
The Best Way to Cut an Onion Without Crying. Some people swear by holding a piece of bread in your mouth while cutting onions. Others say cutting them next to a candle or under running water helps. After trial and error, below are a few tips I've found that really work.
The World's Biggest Burgers. Where can you find the world's biggest burger? With fierce competition, it's hard to keep up, so here are the most recent claimants to the record.
Hummus Recipes. If you're like us, you've probably eaten an entire bowl of hummus at one time or another -- it's just that good. Most consumers
The Best And Worst Frozen Vegetables. It's not hard to come across someone who hates at least one type of vegetable (if not many). Brussels sprouts are commonly
Ignacio Anaya. While nachos are often served at Mexican-American restaurants, they're not a typical Mexican dish. And even though nachos
Rhubarb Recipes Contest. With an excitement for spring and a strong love for rhubarb, we set out looking for the best, most delicious rhubarb recipe
Broccoli Recipes. Most of us know broccoli as a relatively boring side dish -- when it's just steamed or boiled, it can be bland and mushy
What to Eat Instead of Meat. Now with \pink slime,\ hormones, antibiotics and steroids in our meat, people are wondering more and more about what's really in our food. Try some of these vegan options and see if you are not just as satisfied.
Shrimp Recipes. When you're in need of a quick meal, shrimp is the way to go. It can cook as quickly as two minutes, and almost never takes
Italian Wedding Soup, NOT from a Can. My kids love Italian wedding soup. Not just because they are half-italian, but also simply because it's yummy. But the smell of that soup from a can, or even from the giant vat at the supermarket, smells like bad vitamins to me.
Make Mom A Cocktail. Whether you're planning a simple breakfast in bed or elaborate spa treatments for your wife or mom, there's one thing she definitely deserves this Sunday
Make Mom Something Sweet. Let Mom sleep in on Sunday and treat her to a delicious homemade breakfast. Here are ten sweet and easy recipes the whole family will love.
9 (Mostly) Make-Ahead Mother's Day Brunch Ideas. Whether you surprise her with breakfast in bed or a leisurely brunch, here are nine ideas for a feast that will leave everyone contented, well fed, and wishing every day was Mother's Day.
What to Buy, What to Skip to Save Money at the Supermarket. By selecting the right things to put in your cart and the right ones to put back on the shelf, you can painlessly slash big bucks from your grocery bills. Here's my simple guide to what to buy and what to skip to save money at the grocery store.
Top Chefs Share Their Mothers' Best Lessons. When you talk to chefs about food, you're going to hear about family.  Culinary school may be where they learned to cook for us, but at home is where they learned to eat.
Show Us What You're Snacking On! (VIDEO). We know we shouldn't. We know it's not great for our health; nor does it help maintain a clean work place. But, it's hard
Taste Test. How did your favorite mint chocolate ice cream rank? Leave a comment below. Whether you call it mint chocolate chip, mint
What's on the Menu at the World's Best Restaurant? Noma in 26 Plates. Recently, restaurant Noma in Copenhagen snagged the top spot on the S. Pellegrino list of The World's 50 Best Restaurants for the third year in a row. So what's the secret to culinary world domination?
Spring Lettuce Recipes. The most common place you'll find lettuce is in a salad bowl, but if that's gotten old we've got some recipes for you. Since
Pink Lemonade. According to Josh Chetwynd, author of the book, \How the Hot Dog Found Its Bun,\ there are two main claims to the title of
Pretzel-Crusted Peanut Butter Brownies. I matched the already perfect salty treat, peanut butter, whipped up a chocolate ganache to put on top and then crusted it with pretzels, and quickly found my new favorite dessert.
10 Grilling Traditions Around The World. The time to break out your slightly rusty, charcoal-laced grill has come. And while Americans are busy firing up their swank, larger-than-life cookers and grilling up organic bison burgers and flame-kissed baby back ribs, other cultures heat up their own version of a barbecue.
Crazy Soda Flavors Taste Test. With everyone making such a fuss over the buffalo wing soda produced by The Rocket Fizz Soda Pop & Candy Shops, we decided
Mom's Best Recipes (PHOTOS). With Mother's Day approaching, many of us have mom on the mind. Memories of our mothers are often dominated by food, especially
8 Mother's Day Edible Gifts. With less than a week to go, we're closing in on Mother's Day. In the spirit of crunch time, we've searched our archives high and low for DIY gifts that will make for happy mothers everywhere.
Chinese Condiments. American-Chinese cuisine has a lengthy repertoire -- a typical menu at a Chinese restaurant can easily exceed over 60 dishes
Lime Cocktails. All well-made cocktails are meant to bring out many different flavors on your palate. Just think about some of the best cocktails
TV Moms Who Can Cook (QUIZ). One obligation that almost all mothers share is having to feed their kids -- and though we wish we saw more TV dads whipping
The Simplest Recipe. You know those kinds of recipes that are so spectacular that they don't even require a recipe? Well strawberries and cream
Soy Sauce vs. Tamari, Yams vs. Sweet Potatoes And More Commonly Confused Foods. Did you ever swap an ingredient in a recipe with something similar, hoping nothing would change? But you found the recipe
Mushroom Recipes. Mushrooms are a surprisingly versatile ingredient -- they make their way into our breakfast, lunch and dinner. And their
The Best Ranch Dressing. Ranch dressing
6 Foods Begging To Be Topped With Kimchi. Kimchi has been making an impact on the food scene -- the spicy fermented cabbage condiment/side dish has branched out beyond
Types Of Drinking Glasses. Do you ever wonder why we're supposed to drink wine from wine glasses, beer from beer glasses or brandy from brandy glasses
Cinco De Mayo. With Cinco de Mayo around the corner, we've planned a Mexican fiesta full of spicy cocktails, guacamole, tacos, and more!
13 Smashing Recipes For Derby Day. Place your bets, put on your finest hat, and make room for a smashing Derby Day feast. We've got plenty of Bourbon (for drinking and cooking with) and other Kentucky favorites.
What To Drink For Cinco De Derby. Like some rare astrological phenomenon, both the Kentucky Derby and Cinco de Mayo fall on Saturday. So we combed our recipe library for tequila and bourbon concoctions.
Tequila Trivia. WATCH
Kentucky Derby Recipes. We're already picking out our hats and julep cups.
Summertime Cinco De Mayo Cocktail. What better to celebrate the approaching season (and Cinco de Mayo!) with a margarita-esque cocktail? You've got your salty and sweet and that amazingly fresh citrus.
Homemade Stuffed Crust Pizza. Pizza has been getting a little out of control lately, and if you ask us, we love it. There's a time and a place for everything
Mint Juleps For Derby Day. Saturday is Derby Day, which means it's time to make some Mint Juleps! The pre-Prohibition refresher has long been the official cocktail of the Kentucky Derby.
6 Essential Kitchen Tools. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com For years I lived in tiny Manhattan apartments with microscopic
12 Michelada Recipes Perfect For Cinco de Mayo. Beer plus citrus, plus hot sauce, plus tomato juice equals instant summer refreshment.
The Best Mexican Food Chefs In America. It's hard to remember a time when Mexican food (or at least Tex-Mex food) wasn't big, but today Mexican is as popular as
Fried Chicken. Almost as satisfying as eating a good meal is looking at photos of delicious dishes. Sure, we don't get to enjoy the flavor
Kosher Salt. You can hardly find one bad thing whispered about this particular seasoning -- that is, unless you read the writings of Mark
7 Mexican Favorites For Cinco De Mayo. Saturday is Cinco de Mayo! While I can't vouch for the authenticity of any of these dishes, if you're partying this weekend, you'll want to be cooking, too.
We Already Grow Enough Food For 10 Billion People -- and Still Can't End Hunger. Hunger is caused by poverty and inequality, not scarcity. For the past two decades, the rate of global food production has increased faster than the rate of global population growth.
Food Pairings. The problem is, you've been eating the same foods, with the same flavor combinations, for years. For some of us that equates
You'll Never Believe How Panko Bread Crumbs Are Made (VIDEO). And somehow, that makes them incredibly delicious.
Tastes Like Spring. From asparagus to peas to avocados, the markets have come alive with beautiful spring produce. Here are 12 easy vegetable recipes to celebrate the season.
Taste Test. In honor of the Mexican holiday Cinco de Mayo on Saturday, Food & Wine editors tasted over 25 kinds of tortilla chips and just as many varieties of jarred salsa to create this buying guide.
An Easy Way To Make More Flavorful Pesto (VIDEO). \Bon Appetit\ editor-in-chief Adam Rapoport has a method he learned in Liguria, Italy, where pesto originates. What he does
Rhubarb Recipe Showdown. How you can enter
Mexican Drink Recipes. With Cinco de Mayo right around the corner, what better time than now to learn about the world of Mexican beverages? Most
Mom's Cooking. 1. Mom's Best Dishes Some moms have a Donna Reed-like propensity for putting a homemade three-course dinner on the table
Asparagus, At Last!. We've watched the days get lighter, felt the sun get warmer. We've been going to the farmers' market, eagerly grabbing (and gobbling) those hallmarks of spring
How To Cocktail. No matter which horse you're rooting for, it just wouldn't be the Kentucky Derby without a Mint Julep. The icy-cold concoction is the perfect combination of mint, bourbon and a touch of sweetness.
New And Noteworthy Cookbooks For Spring 2012. Cookbooks can make our mouths water, teach us about different foods and inspire us to get moving in the kitchen -- that's
Tips Every Home Bartender Should Know. Spending even just a couple of minutes watching the bartending wizards behind today's best cocktail dens is enough to make any aspiring home bartender feel a little inadequate.
Fresh Peas Recipes For Spring (PHOTOS). All of them taste like spring.
What Are Some Useful Hacks for Beginning Cooks Who Work During the Day?. Make it a habit to spend 30 minutes on the weekend to sit down and dream up some dishes for the coming week.
Toasting Etiquette. Should you drink if you are being toasted?  When my mother toasted our engagement, I said \thank you\ by raising my glass and sipping. My fianc\u00e9 didn't drink.
How To Care For Kitchen Knives. A good knife is no ordinary kitchen utensil -- it's your right hand in making meals possible -- so you must treat it with
Jalape\u00f1o Recipes That'll Make You Forget All About Sriracha. There's more to jalape\u00f1os than turning them into poppers.
The Rumpire Strikes Back. For far too many imbibers, rum is something that comes in a bottle with a pirate on it, and should be followed by the words \and Coke.\ It breaks my heart, it really does.
The Best Cheap Tequilas For Margaritas. ALSO SEE
The Secret Ingredient You Put On Everything. We all have a favorite ingredient -- one that we toss (often inappropriately) into our recipes or that we douse on all of
How To Eat And Cook Pea Shoots. To prepare and store pea shoots, there are just a couple of things to know. Since they are a delicate green, it's best to
Arugula Recipes So Good You'll Forget Other Lettuces Exist. Iceberg who?
5 Fresh Foods You Shouldn't Keep In Your Fridge. Now that spring has sprung, loading up on more fresh veggies, and that has me thinking about the best way to store them to keep them at their freshest.
Preserve Spring. Ramps, like other onions, are an underground bulb with long, tall green grasslike stalks. Ramps are much smaller than leeks, more like scallions, but the leaves are flatter.
Cock-a-Leekie Soup. Amazingly addictive, this soup is a great weekend one-dish supper and freezes well.  It has a few steps, but the result is well worth the effort.
The Best Baking Cookbooks. If you like playing with flour, or putting frosting on whatever you can get your hands on, you're most definitely an avid
Avocado Types. \u00a9 Photos courtesy of the California Avocado Commission. www.CaliforniaAvocado.com. MEXICANA These avocados are typically
Beer 101. Craft beer has been experiencing a renaissance for quite some time now. And while we certainly aren't complaining about this
Tapas Party!. A traditional Spanish meal is made up of tapas, or, in other words, small plates
Radish Recipes You Won't Be Able To Stop Thinking About (PHOTOS). There are way more than you think.
The Ultimate No-Bake Cake (VIDEO). We've heard of no-bake cakes before, but this is on a different level. Submitted to Vimeo by Alan Travers, the video shown
Light Greenmarket Feast. We're fully ready to welcome spring's bounty, and to do so, we will be cooking a feast, a light Greenmarket feast full of recipes highlighting the best of this season's fruits and vegetables.
10 Pinterest Users We're Loving This Week. At this point, pretty much everyone is aware of what Pinterest is; and if you're a \pinner,\ you're definitely aware of its
16 Ways To Improve Your Veggie Burger (Photos). As a vegetarian, or someone who is trying to eat less meat, a veggie burger makes a quick and easy meal (even easier than
The Most Nauseatingly Odiferous Foods. We now know what foods you, our readers, absolutely despise the most, but we also want to know which foods' aromas make you
Cajun vs. Creole. Compared to Louisiana, other states have it easy. Sure, Louisiana is home of the Big Easy, but we are also parents to some of the most precious cuisines in the world.
Cookware Guide. Image courtesy of detzelpretzel, Flickr. What type of cookware do you prefer to use? Let us know below. First, you should
Cereal Cooking. Photo by Flickr user Stuart Conner. \Cooking with cereal is, you know, it's fun. It's like being a kid again,\ Klein told
5 Family-Friendly Weeknight Dinners. When I discover a dish that the whole family enjoys, it's practically cause for celebration. Here are five such dinners that have made it into our regular rotation -- and they're easy to boot!
Totally Awesome Cake Batter Fudge. All you need is five ingredients and a few hours (to let it sit) and you're good to go. If you bring them somewhere to share, though, be warned
Coffee Dessert Recipes. If you've ever had an incredibly rich brownie or slice of chocolate cake, chances are a secret ingredient was used in that
Ricotta Recipes To Make All Year Long. Trust us, you want to be familiar with all of them.
How To Make Dulce De Leche. Sources If you're not up for making your own dulce de leche, you can easily find it already made. It's available at nearly
5 Tips And Recipes For Healthy, Juicy Chicken Breasts. I used to have a love-hate relationship with boneless, skinless chicken breast. On the love side, it's a lean, healthy protein but, its flavor is so mild and it always seemed to be dried out from being overcooked.
Rum Gets Sophisticated. For far too long, rum didn't get a fair shake from drinkers in America. The spirit was sadly associated with overly sweet and fruity creations. But today, the liquor is experiencing a revival.
Our Best Grilled Sandwich And Panini Recipes. When it doubt, panini press it.
The Difference Between Ginger Ale And Ginger Beer. Remember what mom would give you to drink when you were a sick kid? It was probably ginger ale. But ginger ale isn't only
Joe 'Spud' Murphy. Tayto's first potato chip flavor was Cheese & Onion (which is still a big seller in Ireland today) and then he released Salt
A Good Knife Starter Set. Without a doubt there are good knives for modest money. New knife technology's taken knives no serious cook would touch years ago into the pro's class.
Ramps. This spring was all about the early harbingers. The abnormally warm weather, the insects, and the March 20 cherry blossoms
Cocktails For Earth Day. Earth Day is April 22, and if you're looking to toast the occasion, we have a few cocktail ideas that call on fresh flavors and garden-grown ingredients--you can even go all out with organic spirits and mixers.
How To Make Homemade Potato Chips. There's one thing we want to make clear before we begin. You don't need a fancy deep fryer or mandoline to make these crisp
What A Macchiato Really Is. Also See
18 Creative Topping Ideas For Nachos (Photos). Nachos aren't just reserved for game days and sports bars -- they also make a quick and tasty dinner option. You certainly
The Difference Between Club Soda, Seltzer And Tonic Water. Know your waters, once and for all!
Flavored Simple Syrup Recipes To Make At Home. Experimenting With Flavor Finding The Perfect Ratio A simple syrup doesn't have to stop there -- you can flavor it with herbs
The Best Chilled Soups for Spring. So your body may not have been in top-notch condition for spring break, but there's still time to get that bikini bod by summertime!
How To Make And Stuff Arepas (Photos). Who needs bread when you've got arepas? Crunchy and crisp on the outside, soft and airy on the inside, you have to try them
A Roman Spring. Do as the Romans do, and whip up a spring-inspired feast, a menu that teases the most out of spring's vast bounty. Buon appetito!
Flavors Of Bitters You've Got To Try. Bitters are made from high-proof alcohol or glycerin with barks, fruit peels, roots, seeds, spices, herbs, flowers or other
25 Mango Recipes You Need To Try. Mangoes season is upon us!
Katie Workman's 'The Mom 100 Cookbook'. Since Workman is a working mother herself, she writes a blog (and also blogs for us also at HuffPost Kitchen Daily) and is
Seven Ways to Save Money on Home Cooking. Our week of dinners for under $100 has come to a close. Here are a few tips I gathered in the process of creating the dishes.
How To Peel And Eat Fava Beans. For recipe inspiration using fava beans, check out our gallery. Do you cook with fava beans? Leave a comment. Our suspicion
Ramps Are Here! Stop Freaking Out And Go Make These Recipes. Get some before they're gone!
Kalimotxo. But there's another mixed drink that's even more popular, especially with teens (yes, kids drink in Spain!). It's called
Why Does Swiss Cheese Have Holes?. Do you like Swiss cheese? Leave a comment. That bacteria, more specifically P. shermani, releases carbon dioxide when it
7 Creative Puddings. The one word -- pudding -- can bring back memories of school lunches, of elegant dinner parties, of restaurants and meals both humble and grand.
How To Ruin Roasted Potatoes And Other Spuds. Co-chefs Lee Hanson and Riad Nasr explain how to master potatoes at home by identifying and troubleshooting the most common mistakes.
What Makes String Cheese Stringy?. If there's any food that should be questioned, you'd think that a string-able cheese would be high on the list. It's a cheese
Genius Pairing. For years now we've been beaten over the head by restaurant experts on how to properly pair wine with our foods. And we've
The Glass Shaped Like Marie Antoinette's Anatomy. Also see \A History of Champagne Glasses\. So, if we take this into account, it seems like someone must have confused the
The Bubbly Secret To Spring Cocktails. Whether it's simple club soda or classy Champagne, a splash of something fizzy is the secret to making a lovely springtime drink you'll want to sip all afternoon long.
Winner. Stay tuned for our next recipe contest. This time we won't be looking for one specific recipe, but just the tastiest, most
The Best Bargain Booze. When you're planning a party -- it could be a housewarming or a frat party (don't worry we won't judge!) -- that requires
Nutritional Yeast. WATCH
Soppressata. How do you feel about soppressata? Leave a comment. But don't rush off and throw out your huge stash of soppressata, because
Chorizo And Tomato Salad. As long as you use the best ingredients, and adjust them according to your taste, you can't damage this simple, rustic, flavorful dish.
The Best Buttered Microwave Popcorn. Another interesting discovery we made is that every single butter-flavored popcorn we tasted is cholesterol-free (because
Fork-In-The-Road Simplest Vegetable Soup. The weather is getting warmer, and soon soup (or at least hot soup) season will be behind us for the foreseeable months.  But I'm ready to let go just yet.
Ice Cream Sundae Recipes (PHOTOS). While we're thankful for its existence and we delight in its indulgence, this dessert wasn't always a thing.
Five Fabulous Cocktails From Around The World. In a sea of neon-lit clubs slinging new-fangled, cavity-inducing shooters topped with cream, blue goo and flames, there are few cocktails still considered classics.
Dark Chocolate And Parmesan. See the dishes other sites have made when pairing chocolate and parmesan cheese. This food pairing isn't just hit or miss
A Guide To The Different Types Of Sugar And When To Use Them. Don't waste your desserts on the wrong sugar.
Pucker Up. Lemon is a unifying flavor. Really -- can you name more than like two people who don't like a squeeze on their salmon, some juice in their tea, or a cool, tall glass of lemonade.
Ten Classic Recipes Made Healthier. One of the things I hear most often about vegan cooking is that this \new food\ is unfamiliar and family members are reluctant to try it because they worry that the food just won't taste good. It just ain't so... and these recipes are proof!
Maraschino Liqueur Is A Secret Weapon For Your Liquor Cabinet. Don't worry, it has nothing to do with those terrible bright red things in Shirley Temples.
How To Make Mozzarella. We at Food52.com asked you to get together and host mozzarella-making parties the weekend of April 20th (find a party near you here) -- and now, our Associate Editor Kristy Mucci shows you how it's done!
Arancini. But we haven't told you the best part yet. Arancini is the perfect solution for a quick dinner and a great way to use up
White Asparagus. What do you think of white asparagus? Let us know below. Other than color, there's no difference between green and white
How To Cocktail Video. Let us introduce you to the classic Brandy Alexander. The rich-and-delicious concoction was invented sometime before Prohibition and was based on an earlier gin cocktail, the Alexander.
Five Family Dinners For Less Than $20. Is your wallet lighter after Tax Day? Replenish with five nights' worth of family-friendly dinner menus for less than $20 each.
7 Ways To Use Spring Radishes. These crisp, peppery roots thrive in springtime and offer a welcome flash of color to salads, sandwiches and grains.
Ice Cream Soda Recipes (PHOTOS). Just like the drive-in movie theater and the two-dollar bill, soda fountain shops are a thing of the past. While there was
Mario Batali On How To Make Pasta. The satisfaction derived from making something so delicious out of a pile of flour and eggs is incredible, and the difference between that and store-bought 'fresh' pasta is night and day.
Spinach Recipes For When You're Sick Of Kale. We haven't forgotten about you, spinach!
Types Of Vanilla. What would a baker do without vanilla? Their cookies wouldn't taste as sweet and their custards would be bland. A world without
Don't Panic, It's Just Passover. During the week before Passover begins, on April 6, observant Jews will prepare for the eight-day holiday by removing every piece of chametz (food with leavening) from their homes.
Eggless Egg Salad For A Vegan Easter (VIDEO). We all know Easter food is all about meat, specifically ham and eggs, but that doesn't leave many options for vegetarians
Recipes For Your Leftover Ham. Leftovers are an inevitable part of the Easter holiday, but what do you do with them all? Do you send your guests home with
Major League Cocktails. After many long, cold months, it's finally time for the start of the new baseball season. We hope you're as excited as we are for its return.
Cadbury Eggs vs. Peeps. This is not so much a question of which came first, but more so of which is better -- the chick(en) or the egg? We're not
Vintage Recipes. After taking a long look at vintage cookbooks last week, we just couldn't help but wonder what they held behind their covers
Taste Test. But not all instant coffees are created equal. We blind-tasted 20 brands to find out what tastes the best. See the results
A Springy Easter Dinner. An Easter feast is a seasonal given
How To Boil An Egg (VIDEO). Start by placing the eggs in a saucepan and pour over with water about an inch above the eggs. Bring the eggs to a boil, cover
A Guide To The Types Of Polenta (Photos). Polenta is still a slightly exotic dish in the American home. Those who don't have an Italian heritage may have never tasted
Kosher for Passover. Until the year he told me he craved chopped chicken liver and I was at a loss. Trust me, if you love pate or chopped chicken
Five Ways To Satisfy A Sweet Tooth In Under 15 Minutes. Even if dessert is not usually your jam, you know what it's like to have a sweets craving. The need for sweets is real and unavoidable, and it often hits when there isn't much time to be spent slaving over a souffl\u00e9.
Easter Smackdown. \Most people serve lamb or ham at the Easter meal,\ says Food & Wine's Tina Ujlaki. \Sure you can have both, but you don't want to have a very heavy meal that's going to send you straight to bed afterward.\
How To Cocktail Video. Like the city it's named for, this classic cocktail is the epitome of urbane sophistication. But that doesn't mean it's difficult to make.
24 Times Chorizo Made Everything Better. Let chorizo do the work for you.
How Do You Eat Your Peeps? (POLL). For one, why they're named after the sound baby chicks make (Peeps), when they aren't always shaped like chicks. Also, how
Matzo Brei Recipes For Passover, Or Whenever The Mood Strikes. From sweet to savory, we've got a matzo brei recipe for every mood.
A Mediterranean Passover Seder. Turns out, as with so many religious events, peoples' Passover traditions are both widely varied and closely held.
Cocktail Tips. When making a stirred cocktail, you'll want to watch the edges of the ice cubes. Once they've lost their sharpness and the
Cadbury Creme Egg Recipe Creations. We see a lot of eggs come Easter time, but the egg that reigns supreme during this spring-time holiday is without question
Passover Chicken Three Ways. Making Passover dinner takes a bit of planning, but it doesn't have to be a chore. Find out how to make it a pleasurable experience.
The Best Coconut Macaroons. Place the butter in a small saucepan over low heat until just melted. Immediately remove from the heat and stir in the honey
Incredible Egg Recipes For Dinner. Eggs are some of the most basic and necessary ingredients in many recipes, but they're just as enjoyable on their own -- fried
Pinterest User You Should Follow. We're sure you've all heard about Pinterest by now, and are aware of its highly addictive qualities. It's a great social
Why Your Ham Is Pink. If you've ever had bacon, sausage, prosciutto, country ham or corner beef, then you've had cured meats before. Curing is
Seasonal Soup Recipes For Spring. As soon as winter is over we immediately look forward to all the wonderful vegetables that will soon be stocked in the markets
A Marinade Timing Guide. Marinades are complicated. Most important, never, ever reuse a leftover marinade because it can have harmful bacteria.
STUDY. We all know that eating poultry is a good, lean source of protein, which is why it's a go-to meal for many of us. But chances
8 Recipes to Perfect Your Brunch Skills. With Easter and Mother's Day just around the corner, you know nothing says \Happy Easter\ or \Thank you for taking care of me, Mom\ quite like a happy brunch between family and friends.
Dinner In 5 Ingredients Or Less. Here are eight dinners with five ingredients or less -- most of them quick, all of them deeply satisfying.
Your Definitive Guide To Flour For All Your Baking Needs. The flours you should be using and when to use them.
PHOTOS. Looking at old black and white photographs of your parents (and learning that they once sported major bell-bottomed pants
The Best Root Beer. Before you read the taste test results, let's find out what exactly makes root beer taste like root beer. Here's a list of
How To Buy The Healthiest Salmon. There are so many different types of salmon, which is loaded with heart-healthy, brain-boosting omega-3 fats, and ways to serve them that it would be hard for me to get bored with this fish.
Fork-In-The-Road Tarragon Mustard Crusted Filet Of Beef. Sometimes life calls for a filet, a tender, luxurious cut of meat that says \good job, laddie, you deserve a treat.\  This recipe calls for petite filets, a tidy, juicy shoulder cut of beef.
Daniel Boulud's Lamb Curry. Around Easter, my thoughts turn to cooking lamb. Because I love the warmth and earthiness of a curry, I asked Raj Vaidya
Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe Showdown. Do you like chocolate chip cookies? Do you have the greatest chocolate chip cookie recipe? Are you willing to prove it? If
15 Times Swiss Chard Was Just As Good As Kale (If Not Better). It's no longer the lesser green.
Making Fresh Ricotta Cheese. Fresh ricotta is delicious on bread, in cannoli, lasagna, on veggies, or as part of an antipasto platter -- wherever a creamy, cheesy addition would be good.
And They Called Them Stinky. In honor of cheeses everywhere, I thought I'd take some time to mention some of my favorite stinkies, as in, they stink so good.
Mint Recipes To Brighten Up Your Plate. Mint encompasses everything we love about spring.
How To Make Vinegar From Leftover Wine (VIDEO). Have you ever made vinegar? Let us know below. How To Make Vinegar Have you ever wondered if you could make vinegar at home
6 Refreshing Cocktails For Spring. Spring is in the air, which means it's time to pull out the patio furniture and gear up for some warm-weather imbibing.
How to Evolve Your Egg Sandwich in Five Easy Steps. 
How To Make Glasses From Old Soda And Wine Bottles. Recycling is an effort that many of us make -- we make sure to deposit our glass bottles, aluminum and plastic in the correct
All The Times Olives Made Eating Infinitely Better. We're forever grateful.
Do You Know Your Weird Spring Produce? (QUIZ). It's finally spring! Here at Kitchen Daily we're so excited we almost can't keep it together. We've been so tired of eating
The Best Recipes For Your Leftover Buttermilk (PHOTOS). While some people enjoy buttermilk as a beverage in other parts of the world, in the U.S. we most often use it for baked
Cookbooks We Love. Jade's presence is felt throughout the book as Giada shifts out of the baby-food phase and introduces her tot to the family
The Rhubarb Recipes You've Been Waiting For All Year. Spring's just around the corner, let's get a jumpstart on it.
10 Sweet And Savory Maple Syrup Recipes (Photos). According to many New England natives, there are actually five seasons in a year
A Lotta Ricotta. With its delicate, creamy texture and mild sweetness, ricotta is a wonderfully versatile ingredient. It tastes luxurious on its own, but it can also lend richness to pastas and a grounded rustic quality to desserts.
How To Cocktail Video. While many classic drinks -- the Martini, Manhattan and Old Fashioned, for example -- \ndate back more than a century, there's one cocktail just about any bartender will know that's not even 30 years old.
Supermarket Guide To Buying Chicken. As consumers demand ever more information about their chicken, producers and government regulators have responded with labels that are supposed to take the mystique out of your bird.
What's The Sweet In That French Onion?. Slow saut\u00e9 onions and their sugars blossom. Fast saut\u00e9 the onions so they brown quickly and you bring out their brash, deep, meaty tasting sides.
7 New And Elegant Seder Plates For The Passover Table. With the Passover seder just a couple of weeks away, it's not too early to start thinking about the details. While many people
The Best Asparagus Recipes You Can Eat This Spring. Let's enjoy asparagus every way we can think of this spring.
Springtime Inspiration. I recently hosted a small luncheon in honor of my 91-year old grandmother. To make it special, I enlisted the help of a dear friend, Beth Horta, the florist, author and photographer behind the beautiful blog Sweet Sabelle.
What Is Resurrection Cheese?. Reportedly, cheeses were inscribed with lines such as \Here lies Blodwen Evans, aged 72.\ If you ask us, that's one loaded
How To Prepare Artichokes (VIDEOS). Artichokes can seem pretty intimidating -- they're big, green, bulbous and prickly. If this keeps you from buying them fresh
How To Make DC Mumbo Sauce (Or Is It Really Chicago Mumbo Sauce?). There aren't many indigenous local D.C. dishes, but there is one concoction the locals proudly claim as their own
Pre-Dinner Drinks. Usually served straight up, chilled or on the rocks (at times with a slice of citrus, too), the aperitif is a simple start
10 Bad Cooking Habits You Should Break. Some habits can be tough to break. When it comes to cooking, you may have some bad habits that you're not even aware of.  So, here are 10 common bad cooking habits that you should break.
Why Does The Easter Bunny Deliver Chocolate Eggs?. Easter eggs turned chocolate in the 19th century, and were produced mainly in France and Germany. The production of these
Cocktail World Tour. Though the cocktail may be an American invention, some of our favorite drinks require ingredients from all over the world.
How To Make The Chocolate Chip Cookies You Want. Click through the gallery below to see our chocolate chip recipes and watch a video from Alton Brown on how to achieve all
The Best Matzo. Is there really that much of a difference? Find out.
Weeknight Menus That Don't Feel Minimalist. With busy week following busy week, sometimes we've got to transcend such whatever's-in-the-fridge minimalism and make slightly more involved dinners.
Beef-Buying Guide. \Beef
13 Household Uses For Table Salt. What would we do without salt? If you think about it, salt, both as an ingredient and as a mineral, has been very important
How Long Can You Keep Meat In The Freezer?. And yet today, we take our freezers for granted; the funny thing is, we don't even know how to fully take advantage of them
How To Prepare And Devein Shrimp. Here are our tips for buying, cleaning, and preparing shrimp (keep reading after the slideshow). For Frozen Shrimp If you're
Shrimp Recipes That'll Make Every Seafood Lover Happy. Shrimp is making a comeback.
Instant Rice. Advantages and Disadvantages Instant rice gives you the ultimate convenience, a warm meal in just minutes. But, there are
Salty Caramel Banana Ice Cream. When no longer firm enough to enjoy fresh, bananas take on dramatic flavor that carries far. It's like a second career as a lounge singer instead of receptionist.
Irresistible Pepperoni Pizza Scones. Take all the cheesy goodness of pepperoni pizza and combine it with the savory flakiness of one of the best baked goods ever invented, and you've got pepperoni pizza scones.
A Case For Vegetarianism. I totally love cows. That's why I don't eat them. But I'm not here to go all PETA on you. If we raised -- and ate -- less livestock, we'd have more arable land to devote to growing food for human consumption and be able to start putting the brakes on climate change.
A Case For Eating Meat. The type of meat eating that I am defending is the occasional consumption of animals that have been raised on pasture in limited numbers and where the practice mimics that of nature and treats the animals (and slaughters them) humanely. In this limited capacity, I think meat eating can be MORE responsible than vegetarianism for reasons that impact the environment, our health, culture, history and morality.
10-Minute Pizza Toppings (Photos). When you run out of time for dinner, pizza is a great option. It tastes good, is a crowd-pleaser and is nice on your wallet
Spring Into New Craft Beer Experiences. Spring is the perfect opportunity to renew your ideas about beer and to clean out old misconceptions by exploring craft beer in new, different and creative ways.
No-Knead Pizza Tips From Jim Lahey. HuffPost
How To Cocktail. The simple but elegant cocktail can be made with your choice of gin or cognac, and is topped with some Champagne.
Butter vs. Margarine. What to look for
7 One-Pot Dinners. One-pot meals are the gastronomical equivalent of the friend that everyone likes to have around -- they're pleasant, flexible, low-key and great with crowds.
Super Cute, Super Easy Rainbow Cupcakes. Rainbow cakes have been all the rage these days -- and with good reason. They're super gorgeous and super delicious. But why has everyone been neglecting Rainbow Cake's cuter, younger sibling
A Beginner's Guide To Eating Sushi. What's your favorite sushi? Leave us a comment below. How To Eat Sushi Rice is the basis for much of sushi -- a special short
Easter Bread Recipes To Bake At Home. Spring is officially in the air and that means Easter isn't far behind. With flowers and trees beginning to bloom, it's definitely
Alton Brown's Sweet Potato Waffle Recipe (VIDEO). And if thinking about waffles got you craving the other breakfast favorite, pancakes, check out Jamie Oliver's Genius Pancake
How To Use Chopsticks (VIDEO). Do not cross your chopsticks or stick them upright into a bowl of food, because it resembles the \feeding the dead\ ritual
Fork-In-The-Road String Beans With Tonnato Sauce. Tonnato sauce is a mayonnaise-based sauce with canned tuna, often flavored with anchovies, super flavorful, quite rich and pleasingly retro.
A St. Patrick's Day Picnic. There are many reasons to celebrate this Saturday
How Many Beans Equal The Protein Of Chicken?. Proteins from plants, such as beans, legumes and grains, are incomplete proteins. That means that in order to get everything
Make Your Own Lemon Curd. How do you create a stupendous lemon curd? Are you supposed to cook it in a saucepan or in a bowl over boiling water?
The Best Granola. Our panel of tasters blind-tested 16 different brands of granola, including a few low-fat versions, which we were surprised
6 Ways To Cook With Beer. Take a break from the standard corned-beef-and-cabbage fare this St. Patrick's Day, and celebrate another highlight of Irish culture -- its beer.
How To Order Whiskey Like A Pro. Blended whiskey contains both malt whiskey and grain whiskey. It's the most common kind of whiskey available. Brands include
3 Boozy St. Patrick's Day Desserts. Guinness -- it ain't just for drinking! This St. Patrick's Day, Endless Simmer has not only 100 ways to cook with Guinness, but we've also created three delectable desserts.
How To Make Chipotle's Famous Guacamole. If you've ever been known to get behind a taco, burrito, or chips from Chipotle Mexican Grill, then you've probably enjoyed
6 Ways to Make the Most of Your Irish Stout This St. Paddy's. From a spiced rum-spiked beer cocktail to pillowy, stout-flled whoopie pies, here are five delicious recipes sure to have Irish eyes smiling.
It's Easy Being Green! Food For St. Paddy's. There are a lot of ways to celebrate St. Patrick's Day, and drinking yourself under the table is only one of them.
Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies Are Perfect For St. Patrick's Day. The countdown to St. Patrick's Day fun has begun, and it's time to start whipping up the green food if you haven't already.
Corned Beef And Cabbage. Surprisingly, corned beef and cabbage is not an Irish tradition. Corned pork and cabbage is more common in the Emerald Isles.
What's The Difference Between White Eggs And Brown Eggs?. It's all about the chicken Is there any difference in the shell? Is there any difference in the yolk? Some people say that
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings. If someone asks for pickles and ice cream -- at the same time -- they'll often get a raised eyebrow and a whole lot of judgement
Emerald-Green Kitchen Accessories And Appliances. Emerald is such a rich shade of green, we'd love to see it more often. So in an attempt to enjoy this color for the entire
6 Baked Pastas. There's something beautiful about a pan of baked pasta. It's hot. It's cheesy. And it has that crusty cap crowning the top of it, the accessory that mere bowls of pasta can't match.
Morton Salt. Since 1914, the slogan and the girl (both company trademarks) have been pasted on their salt product and sold all across
Cooking To The Core. From Gilt Taste I like the edible parts of everything. I have a particular commitment, though, to the underappreciated leaves
Natural Food Dyes For Easter Eggs. Easter was my favorite holiday as a kid. I think it was the tradition of dyeing hard-boiled eggs that I looked forward to
The Best Way To Pour Guinness. Do you know about the 119-second pour?
Recipes Inspired By Traditional Irish Breakfast. Any Irishman or woman will tell you that breakfast is the most important meal of the day in Ireland. They really know what
Why Stainless Steel Erases Garlic's Aroma. Let's explain why stainless steel works. What do you do to get rid of the garlic smell from your hands? Leave us a comment
Quick And Easy No-Cook Pasta Sauce Recipes. Add 1/4 cup black or green olives, pitted and chopped Add 2 tablespoons capers Add 1 to 2 anchovy fillets, mashed Add 1 can
Do You Really Need To Wash Vegetables?. So here it is
Wake Up To A Healthier Breakfast. It's hard enough getting out of bed in the morning. Why should making a healthy breakfast be any harder? While non-morning
How To Cook Meat Faster -- And Take Out Your Frustration. Have you had one of those days -- or even one of those weeks -- when you just want to hit something? And to add to your frustration
Lamb Recipes For Spring (PHOTOS). Spring's in the air -- it's time to get a handle on lamb.
Cutting Boards Cooks Should Avoid. Your kitchen should have at least two cutting boards, one wood and one plastic. A wood cutting board is the best for prepping
Cooking With Coconut Water. Do you like coconut water? Leave a comment below. Touting natural health benefits similar to what you'd get with a sports
7 Bright Winter Salads. As much as you want to spend a few months curled under a blanket eating something a) warm b) cheesy c) carbohydrate-laden or d) all of the above, it's a shame to miss out on this season's perfect vegetables.
Why You Shouldn't Keep A Wine Cellar. Keeping wine over or near the refrigerator, range or microwave Keeping wine over or near a heater Keeping wine standing upright
Whole Grain Pasta Taste Test. If you're trying to make small changes to your diet to skew a little healthier, buying whole wheat pasta is a good place
Produce You Should Never Put In The Fridge. The fruits and veggies that most often get mistreated are onions, potatoes and tomatoes. (And the banana too, but we won't
Irish Recipes For St. Patrick's Day. You should be making these all year round.
Chase The Green Fairy With Absinthe Cocktails. Absinthe is perhaps the world's most misunderstood spirit. The anise-flavored, herb-infused liquor was banned in countries around the world soon after the turn of the 20th century.
Homemade Cakes. We eat it at every birthday, every holiday, at graduations and weddings. Any chance to label something a celebration, we
Food Of 'The Hunger Games' (RECIPES). With \The Hunger Games\ movie out, what better time than now to relive the trilogy? And what better way to relive it than
Surprising Pepsi Taste Test Results. Twenty editors blind taste-tested the two colas, side by side, and found ... Pepsi has been creating soft drinks since 1898
5 Recipes For A Veritable Potpourri Of Veggie Chip. Make your own veggie chips and you can control the salt, oil and method of cooking. Try the following recipes for crispy, crunchy baked vegetable treats that the whole family will love.
Healthy Shortcuts To Shave Minutes Off Your Dinner Time. I'm going to use some time-saving shortcuts to get a healthy dinner on the table for my family and get me a few extra minutes at the end of the day.
10 New Cheeses For Grilled Cheese. Do you love a good grilled cheese sandwich? We do! But sometimes we crave something more than the usual grilled cheese made
Spice Up Your Coffee. I must admit, my coffee routine has gotten a bit boring. Every morning since high school, the first thing I do when I wake up is brew a cup of coffee.
10 Cooking Oil Tips. Experienced cooks may not find much new in these tips. But for those who find the array of cooking oils in the grocery store to be mystifying, if not confounding, these tips may help.
The Best Way To Store Your Spices. With the hundreds upon hundreds of spices available today, it's easy to forget about how important they were once considered
Healthy Trend. How To Sprout
How To Make Granola Bars (Photos). During the week, breakfast is a tough meal to get a handle on. We know that it's the most important meal, yet it competes
Coca-Cola Taste Test. Mexican Coke
How To Preserve Lemons (VIDEO). Everyone knows that lemons add lots of flavor to food, whether it's sweet or savory, but typically recipes only call for
Homemade vs. Store-Bought Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. Partially Hydrogenated (Palm Kernel and Cottonseed) Oil As we previously outlined, partially hydrogenated vegetable oils
How To Set Up A Home Bar. If you've never had a home bar and are unfamiliar with drinks, the first thing to understand is the lingo. Two terms are
A Guide To Fish Varieties (INFOGRAPHIC). Unfortunately, buying fish is not like buying chicken, pork or beef. There are countless varieties and what ends up in a
Making Homemade Corned Beef from Scratch. Home made corned beef can be cheaper than store-bought. And it's easy. And you can customize it. Once you've had the real deal, you can't go back. It just takes time. So start now.
Reinventing Instant Ramen. We all love the instant ramen out of the packet, sometimes even with the MSG-laden flavor packet (we should know better, right
International Oreos. Designed to compete with British biscuit cookies, Oreos were introduced in New York on March 6, 1912. Above, see the evolution
Fork-In-The-Road Pad Thai. This dish is one of the most popular in Thailand, and in Thai restaurants throughout the world for excellent reason. It's amazing.
Drinks To Cure Your Cabin Fever. Unfortunately, we have no control over the weather, but there is one way we know of to make it seem like winter is over
Greek Frozen Yogurt Taste Test. In each of the past three years, sales of Greek yogurt have boomed more than 100 percent. The frozen foods market has jumped
How To Order A Martini Like A Pro. Dirty, dry, wet, shaken, stirred -- we've got the full low down.
Secrets For Perfect French Toast. I have made it my mission to figure out how to make French toast (and make it healthier) at home. Here are my secrets to perfect, healthier French toast
5 Unusual Uses For Peanut Butter. Do you have any unique uses for peanut butter? Leave us a comment below! (Just one tip
Dessert Recipes For Peanut Butter Lovers (PHOTOS). Each one of them sweeter than the next.
Vegetarian Mexican Lasagna, A.K.A Taco Night. We love taco night at our house. In fact, we love taco night so much, that we've created other nights of eating virtually the same food but under a different name.
Fresh Pasta With Arugula. One of the best uses I've found for arugula is in a recipe I first tried back in 1993. The recipe is in one of Paticia Wells' first cookbooks called, \Trattoria.\
A Basic Recipe For Winter Greens. Basic but very good, this recipe will start you off. Once you've done it a few times, spread out to substituting broccoli and cauliflower for the greens
Why You Should Be Cooking With Cast Iron. Let me tell you about my cast-iron pan. I bought it when I was at a Waldbaum\u2019s in Jersey City, on a rainy night, for the
Pudding Recipes Better Than The Store-Bought Variety (PHOTOS). Have you ever stopped to look at what's in your convenient pudding treat? We all know that it isn't just the simple combination
Money-Saving Tip. But lucky for us, there's a simple solution. Those of us who don't have access to a garden of fresh herbs can still cook
What's In Your Fruit Chew Snacks?. Let's take a look at what exactly is in these snacks, in addition to the fruit juices and purees. An average fruit chew snack
Bang For Your Buck. A 5-pound bag of flour costs about $3.00 and a canister of baking powder about $2.29. Add to that the amount of eggs and
How To Make Authentic Ramen Soup At Home. Near authentic ramen can easily be done at home with a few store-bought ingredients -- even canned broth. A few Asian condiments
Once And For All, The Best Way To Cut A Mango. We know you love them, but do you know how to handle them?
Stylish Yellow Kitchen Accessories And Appliances. While spring might not be here quite yet -- the taste of young asparagus and English peas is still slightly out of reach
Why Do Bananas Turn Brown In The Fridge?. Banana recipes we love
How To Cut Fresh Pineapple (And Make The Most Of It). When buying a fresh pineapple, look for ones that are ripe or in the process of ripening -- a ripe pineapple blushes yellow
Jamie Oliver's Genius Pancake Formula (VIDEO). More Pancake Recipes Watch the video above (from one of Jamie's Christmas specials) to see, in fact, how easy it is to make
75 Ways To Turn Chicken Into A Great Dinner. Never eat the same dish twice.
Oversized Ice Cubes. A great cocktail shouldn't have just any ice cubes -- a drink deserves more than the average refrigerator ice cubes from
9 Breakfasts -- For Dinner!. There's always something about breakfast for dinner that feels like a treat. And after a long day, a big plate of french toast is all that we need.
Oscar Drinks, Desserts And (Most Importantly) Dresses. Let's face it
9 Dazzling Oscar Night Menus. We bow to the over-the-top fizzy silliness that is Oscar night by offering up not one but nine menus -- one for each Best Picture nominee -- for whatever festivities you have planned.
Taste Test. Another interesting fact about natural peanut butter is that its nutritional label is almost identical to the label on a
The Perfect Oscar Cocktails. We've assembled a list of cocktail recipes as grand as Hollywood's biggest stars. Whip up a round for your Oscar party and we guarantee you'll have just as much fun as anybody at the Kodak Theatre.
Roasted Garlic Spinach Pesto. Pesto has always been my all time\u00a0favorite\u00a0sauce for pasta, spread for bread and dip for chips. It's so easy to make that I never buy it from the store.
8 Great Dessert Cheeses. Here are eight of my favorite cheeses to serve at the end of meal, paired to wine or a decadent accoutrement.
How To Throw An Oscar Party. The Academy Awards highlight some of the greatest films of the year, calling for a fabulous party to celebrate. With so many glamorous stars and award-worthy films as inspiration, the party possibilities are endless.
An Introduction To Gluten-Free Baking (VIDEOS). Buckwheat flour
Move Over Bacon, Now There's Something Healthier. Celiac and other gluten-sensitive people may be crying in their millet porridge that wheat-wrapped hoggies are a thing of the past, but this Shiitake BLT wrapped with lettuce will save them from their deli purgatory.
Mix It Up. Classic cocktails can be fun, but at Endless Simmer we can never resist the urge to mix things up a bit. That means we can't pass up an alcoholic drink with something new thrown in the mix.
9 Recipes For Apres Ski. No matter if you're in weirdly-balmy NYC, on the slopes or off the slopes, you could all use some time indulging in all of the joys that skiing (or not skiing) has to offer. Who needs snow when you've got food this good?
Guacamole. Like many converts, I'm now a missionary for my newfound cause -- mortar and pestle guacamole.
Oscars Recipe. When life is very hard, sometimes the best answer is cake. This New York deli treat might have come in handy for nine year old Oskar Schell.
How To Test Baking Soda And Baking Powder For Freshness. Check your pantry now. Do you have a box of baking soda or a canister of baking powder tucked on a back shelf? It's probably
Oscars Recipe. his Boursin souffl\u00e9 does not stand in for Hugo because a baguette with Boursin cheese is the classic picnic to take on a train. It's more about the alchemy that happens when you combine the right things.
Oscars Recipe. This Coq au Vin is exactly the kind of dish that could get me out of bed at midnight. The taste takes you straight to Paris.
Indulgent Chocolate And Fig Gelato. The favourite frozen dessert of Italy has been around for centuries, although it was originally a specialty limited only to royalty. The Medici family held the secret to this delectable dish for a long time.
Oscars Recipe. For a few of us disbelievers, the true appeal in the film lies in the fact that its natural food pairing is a Scotch Egg.
Oscars Recipe. The social structures of 1960's Jackson Mississippi may be difficult for modern audiences to swallow, but this pie isn't. It's a dessert that also plays an important role in the film.
Best Coffee. If you need a jolt of caffeine to get you going in the mornings
Kumquats. Recipes we love
7 Unexpected Uses For Your Microwave. Chances are you have a microwave sitting somewhere in your kitchen. They've gotten smaller over the years, but even the most svelte version takes up precious real estate. It's time to put that baby to work.
Homemade Larabars. I love Larabars. They are delicious, dense and high in fiber and nutrients like potassium. Their downside, however, is painful, because their price tag breaks the bank.
Best Of The Oscars Cocktail Buffet. We're skipping the uncertainty of cooking for mere nominees and creating a \best of\ buffet that features finger food from movies that have taken home the golden statuette in the past.
7 Pancakes For Fat Tuesday. This Mardi Gras, put your regular pancake recipe on the back burner, and mix in a few of our sweet and savory favorites.
Oscars Recipe. This cake celebrates the highs and the lows of Stephen Spielberg's War Horse. In it you'll find the apple which Albert (human) first uses to befriend Joey (horse).
15 Meals In 15 Minutes Or Less. Not all of us have the time to cook an elaborate meal for dinner every night. When you factor in the limited time you have
Cod And Fish Stew With Garlic Bread. Get the recipe for Cod And Fish Stew With Garlic Bread
International Breakfast. Looking for something truly filling to get you through the rest your day? The full breakfast served in the Irish province
How To Save $250 On Groceries This Month. EatingWell's editors have identified six easy ways to save money that, when taken together, will put over $250 back in your pocket each month.
12 Sensational Winter Salads. Summer's not the only season to enjoy beautiful fresh salads. There's plenty of cold-weather produce, and fruits and vegetables available year round, to make sensational salads in the dead of winter
Butterfinger Cupcakes Are Beyond Delicious. Butterfinger cupcakes deserve a category of their own. Maybe one titled -- mostly insanely delicious treats you will ever ingest. They're that good.
5 Mardi Gras Cocktails. Mardi Gras is just around the corner, and even though we may not all be celebrating in the Big Easy, we can still get a taste
How Long To Keep Food In The Fridge (INFOGRAPHIC). Do you ever wonder how long you should keep food in your fridge before it goes bad? A package of deli meat, Chinese takeout
What's Exciting About Cabbage?. This cabbage recipe is not only worth eating, but it's fast, and will squelch boiled cabbage's bad press. 3. Serve it hot
Taste Test. Strawberry jam is one of the ultimate culinary nectars, the result of boiling down fresh seasonal fruit into a bold, jewel
Louisiana-Inspired Dinner Recipes. Let the good times roll, or as they say in New Orleans, \Laissez les bons temps rouler!\ Mardi Gras is this coming Tuesday
Roasted Grapes. Take a small cluster of red, seedless grapes and gently toss it in a bowl with 1 tsp. of extra virgin olive oil, sea salt
Know Your Presidential Foods (QUIZ). At Kitchen Daily we're making a food holiday out of Presidents' Day! Formally observed as Washington's Birthday, it's no
20 Savory Recipes For Oranges. A sweet, juicy orange is amazing for eating out of hand or turning into sweets and desserts, but you shouldn't stop there
How To Clean Dried Mushrooms. How do you get the grit out of dried mushrooms? Even after soaking and straining, my super expensive porcini sauce tasted like it had been through a sand storm.
Apricot-Almond Nibblies. It's cookie time. First it was the Salvation Army ringing the bell outside my local supermarket. Now it's a gaggle of girl
Dinner For Breakfast. 6. Leftovers from Italian night
Fork In The Road Chinese Meatballs. This recipe uses typically Chinese seasonings, poached meatballs instead of sauteing or baking, resulting in meatballs that are very reminiscent of the inside of a steamed or boiled dumpling.
Undiscovered Ingredient. Many recipes benefit from Meyer lemons, the best being desserts. They're great in pies, tarts and cakes. Savory recipes, from
So What The Hell Are Capers, Anyway?. You've seen them hundreds of times, but do you know what they really are?
Chocolate Paninis. I don't even remember the last time I made my husband a romantic dinner for two complete with pink champagne, oysters and other aphrodisiacs. (Do people really do this? On weeknights? Am I alone here?)
GIVEAWAY. We're giving away two $100 gift cards to the home-goods megastore, which -- in case you didn't know -- happens to carry a
Quick, Easy And Healthy Breakfast Smoothies (PHOTOS). We all know the saying \breakfast is the most important meal of the day.\ And well, deep down we know it's true, but we still
5 Cocktails for Your Valentine. Need a little last-minute romance to add to your Valentine's Day? Look no further. Treat your Valentine to an artfully-made cocktail before or after a night out.
Valentine's Day Cake Pops. These heart-shaped cake pops are the perfect treat for your Valentine.\u00a0 They also make a fun Valentine's Day project for your kids.
A Valentine's Tribute To The Chefs We Love. Chefs We Love is a Valentine's Day tribute to those who have done great work in the culinary world -- to those who inspire
Rosemary Is Making All Your Recipes Better (PHOTOS). This herb is transforming your dishes.
10 Savory Almond Recipes. If there's a nut worth celebrating, it's almonds. That's because almonds have been a part of human history since ancient
Recipe Showdown. By now, everyone knows what molten chocolate cake is (right???). It's also known as chocolate lava cake or warm chocolate
9 Secrets To Perfect Chocolate-Covered Strawberries. Nothing says Valentine's Day like chocolate-covered strawberries! Those red, heart-shaped fruits, that melted chocolate, together in one sweet, scrumptious bite.
A Valentine's Day Dinner Plan. There's no need to trek out to an expensive restaurant this Valentine's Day; we've got a fool-proof menu for a romantic meal to make at home.
Minty After Dinner Chocolate Cookies. In Australia we have a cookie called Mint Slice and it's absolutely delicious. It's a chocolate cookie topped with a mint cream which is then smothered in dark chocolate.
Cookbooks We Love. Even if you aren't into gimmicky cookbooks, we're fairly certain that just about anyone can fall in love with \The Newlywed
Step-By-Step Guide For The Thousand-Layer Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe. Imagine the countertop of your favorite bakery piled high with generous stacks of crunchy cookies marbled with sheets of
Valentine's Day Love Potions. Whether you're planning a full romantic weekend or an intimate candle-lit supper with your sweetheart on Tuesday night, you've got to have something delicious to drink.
Taste Test. What kind of sparkling wine do you like to drink? Leave a comment. Our Kitchen Daily editors decided to put some budget-friendly
Where To Buy Louisiana-Style King Cake. Have you ever tried a traditional king cake? Leave a comment below. If you want a taste of king cake to celebrate Mardi Gras
Super-Fast Valentine's Desserts. Surprise your special someone with one of these delicious desserts -- they're the perfect way to turn a Tuesday night into something special.
Meatloaf With An Attitude. When I read the list of ingredients I knew I had to make it. It combines some of my favorite foods
Forget The Gold -- Go For The Greens!. You'll get a lot more than just good luck from your New Years greens. The cruciferous veggies usually found in the stewpot are a concentrated source of good health as well.
Why Skipping The Prix-Fixe Is Seriously Romantic. hese classy mains (and one dessert) are fancy meals for two that feel a whole lot more romantic than anything you'll order from a restaurant menu.
Valentine's Vittles. You want a romantic evening but you don't want to deal with reservations. You want to knock your socks off of your Valentine with your mad, slick kitchen skills. Well, this menu will be your chance to shine and get your romance on.
Wintery Chocolate Caramel Slice. There is nothing like the scent of freshly baked treats to get you into the winter. Yeah, baking. There's something totally February about baking. Don't you think?
Chefs We Love. I first came across Lebovitz when scouring the internet for an inspiring pear dessert recipe four years ago. Food blogs were
Hellmann's vs. Best Foods Mayonnaise. Before we get to the results, here is a bit of history
Turkey Pot Pie -- Easy Comfort Food. Recently, my darling spouse reminded me that we still had 2 packages of Thanksgiving turkey in the freezer.
5 Reasons To Love Cardamom. Go take a look in your spice cabinet. What do you see?\u00a0A half-empty container of powdered ginger that's more yellow mass than powder?
The Perfect Almond Joy. Almond Joy Adapted from Epicurious Yield
Chefs We Love. What Johnny does is give dessert all the attention it deserves, and he doesn't just put out any cake on a plate. At Restaurant
10 Aphrodisiac Foods To Eat This Valentine's Day (Photos). There are certain ingredients that have long been called aphrodisiacs -- having the ability to fire up passion and desire
Breakfast In Bed Recipes For Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day is the perfect opportunity to enjoy a sit-down breakfast with your significant other -- just this one day
White Meat vs. Dark Meat. It seems most people overwhelmingly choose white meat over dark. No wonder they sell skinless, boneless chicken breast at
12 Valentine's Day Chocolate Gift Ideas. With 36 million heart-shaped boxes of chocolate projected to be sold for Valentine's Day, we can confidently say that many
Valentine's Day Cocktail Recipes. Valentine's is made all the more special when you take the opportunity to show your special someone you care. If you're already
Chefs We Love. A couple of Tosi's recipes
The 5 Best Sendable Valentine's Day Treats. As the saying goes, the way to someone's heart is through his or her stomach -- so I've compiled a list of simply delicious treats that act as blank canvases for the personal touches and creativity that make a good gifts unforgettable.
Chefs We Love. Even now, I feel like Julia serves as a guide while I cook, perched on my shoulder, giving me tips and hints for the recipes
Breakfast Pastry Recipes. Danishes, croissants, pinwheels and more.
Our Best Chocolate Dessert Recipes. Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate! How can anyone resist? The smooth texture and the rich flavor makes this confection worthy
Foods That Love Each Other. With Valentine's Day right around the corner, we at Kitchen Daily couldn't help but think about love and food. We got to
Broiled Salmon With Thai Sweet Chili Glaze. This recipe is so simple and yet so elegant. Salmon fillets are quickly marinated in Thai sweet chili sauce, soy sauce and ginger and then broiled until caramelized on top.
Chefs We Love. The Art of Simple Food In The Green Kitchen 40 Years of Chez Panisse
Chefs We Love. Dorie's App Baking with Dorie What do you think of Dorie Greenspan? Leave us a comment below! Notable Cookbooks by Dorie
10 Breakfast Treats For Lazy Weekend Mornings. One of the foodie new year's resolutions I suggested for 2012 was that we all make more pancakes.
10 Super Bowl Classics. If you're going to be parked on the couch for several hours heavily invested (or not) in a sporting event, might as well have some great food to keep you company.
Ultimate Baked Artichoke And Spinach Dip. I love artichoke and spinach dip, especially served warm out of the oven, but a good one is hard to come by.
Big-Game Beverages. Plain old beer is a perfectly acceptable drink for a plain old football game. But Sunday is the Super Bowl, and you have to step it up a bit.
An Imbiber's Guide To Super Bowl Snacks. We've pulled together five of our favorite, no-fuss food recipes infused with everything from beer to soda to bitters, so that come Sunday you'll be happy no matter which team you're pulling for.
Our Top 10 Favorite Super Bowl Food Commercials. There's so many things to love about Super Bowl Sunday. Foremost it's the big game, of course. Then it's all the food -- wings
Final Round. Well, this is it. With just one final vote, the king of all the best Super Bowl snack foods will be crowned. Starting with
Hellmann's vs. Best Foods, Etc.. What ties these three brands together is the fact that they were all purchased by Bimbo Bakeries USA, a subsidiary of Grupo
7 Healthy Hot Breakfast Cereal Recipes. Are you tired of your breakfast? You probably eat the same thing every day just out of ease or necessity. Well it's about
Taste Test. Typically, snack foods for the Super Bowl are unavoidably heavy on the calories. And if you make them from scratch (\the
Super Bowl Recipe Challenge. In preparation for the big game, I road-tested two highly-extolled onion dips
30 Lasagna Recipes For Cold-Weather Comfort. All of them loaded with cheese.
Chefs We Love. I've eaten eggs every way you can imagine
Super Bowl Recipes Roundup. 10 Super Bowl Classics 8 Super Bowl Drinks 9 Chicken Wings Recipes Frank's vs. Tabasco Buffalo
Round 3. Round 2 of our Game Day Snacks Bracket Challenge is over, and we witnessed a huge upset. Separated by just a handful of votes
8 Super Bowl Drinks. From the classic Bloody Mary to more exotic spirits, we've got you covered for all four quarters. Here are eight drinks to keep you hydrated throughout the big game.
Chefs We Love. Recipes
VOTE! Super Bowl Snacks Bracket Challenge. Voting is now closed for Round 2! You can still vote below for fun, but know that your votes won't count toward the final
Healthy Mexican At Home. As a native of New England, I had never heard of Frito Pie until a Texas-born co-worker offered me some. And then... wow!
Chefs We Love. Luckily, Ottolenghi's writings are a good substitute for those of us who live outside of the UK. His weekly column for the
The Wonder Of Tomato Paste In A Tube. If you are not convinced about converting to the tube, watch the video below for another solution. But alas, there's a solution
Turn Up The Heat. Here are nine recipes to give you that kick in the middle of winter, that necessary jolt when it's gray outside.
How To Make Homemade Chicken Stock. Chicken Stock Basics Basic stock is what you'll use most in your cooking. It's basically that pale yellow or golden broth
Fork-In-The-Road Southwestern Chicken-Chipotle Super Bowl Dip. Having a Superbowl get together without dip is like watching a movie without popcorn.  The point escapes me. This is a rich, hearty dip, almost a main course dip, if you will (and why wouldn't you).
VOTE! Super Bowl Snacks Bracket Challenge. Super Bowl Sunday is one of the few days that permits you to lounge in front of the TV and pig out on all the snack food
Frosting Recipes So Good They May Never Make It Past The Bowl (PHOTOS). Be honest -- sometimes you make cupcakes just to eat the frosting.
Frank's vs. Tabasco Buffalo. The two brands are embroiled in a marketing campaign battle at the moment, making the HuffPost Taste editors wonder which
10 Dips, Nibbles And Dishes For Game Day. Can't say I love football, but I always love having family and friends over to hang out and watch the game. There's no pressure to make anything elaborate or fancy.
9 Korean Recipes. Gochujang is a red chili paste that is made from gochugaru, glutinous rice and fermented soy beans. It's used as a spicy
5 Ways To Use Leftover Bread. There's a reason they call it the daily bread -- it's never the same after 24 hours. Fortunately, thrifty cooks are always coming up with ways to make use of whatever's left over.
10 Recipes Made From Common Leftovers. Everyone has their share of leftovers sitting in the back of the fridge. Whether it's leftovers from this past weekend's
