An Alert, Well-Hydrated Artist in No Acute Distress--Episode Thirty-Five. 
Stage Door. 
Donna Quesada. 
Top 5 Sizzling Hot Winter Music Festivals in Frigid New York City. 
Defending their lives in 'Ride the Cyclone'. 
Discovering In Parenthesis. 
Stage Door. 
The Prospect NY Launches with Limited Editions by Baron von Fancy. 
Thomas Bayrle at Lenbachhaus M\u00fcnchen, Kunstbau (VIDEO). 
Another Hero Departed. 
The First. 
Art Basel in Miami Beach 2016. 
Dallas Is Where I Finally Get to See The Famous French \D\u00e9je\u00fbner sur L'herbe\ Painting By Monet. One could possibly think that the Dallas-Fort Worth appellation is just an indication of a big twin megapolis, when in fact, as I discovered Sunday, it's two very distinct cities, not even remotely touching, with a Grand Prairie in-between - grande prairie means large field in French.
Richard Ford & Colm T\u00f3ib\u00edn Conversation. The conversation between Colm T\u00f3ib\u00edn and Richard Ford was moderated by Synne Rifbjerg as part of the Louisiana Literature festival at the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Denmark, in August 2015.
On Jan Fabre, part 2. 
Hamilton Brouhaha. 
Rock-a-bye, Baby. 
First Nighter. 
From Russia (To Paris) With Love!. 
BB9. 
Hats, Apples, Umbrellas, A Pipe That Is Not A Pipe. 
The Harmonic Sorcery of Jerry Bergonzi:Spotlight on Standards. 
Summer School. Mozart has yielded some incredible insights about the human condition
Savannah College of Art and Design's Brilliantly \Built\ Museum Exhibition. 
Montreal's OSM Concludes Couche-Tard Vir\u00e9e Classique with Record Attendance. 
The Faberg\u00e9 egg of Green Design. 
Chaka Khan Returns to an adoring Atlanta Audience at the Cobb Performing Arts Center. 
\Super Petite\ From the Ever Expanding John Hollenbeck's Claudia Quintet. 
Rare Rossini and Hot Jazz at Caramoor. 
On The Future of Wagnerism, Part 8. 
On The Future of Wagnerism, Part 9. 
On the \A\ w/Souleo. 
Thoughts on 54 Below, 'Blood Brothers' and Cabaret. 
Ballet Zaida Debuts Video Project. 
Christo and Jeanne-Claude. 
An Avant-garde Artist for Avant-garde Minds. 
Interview With Jeff Koons. American artist Jeff Koons (York, Pennsylvania, 1955) can be considered one of the most influential artists of his generation. As a representative of the Post-Pop artistic trend, his work also feeds off movements such as Surrealism and Dadaism, as well as classical and Baroque elements as part of an interconnection of time with art history as a whole.
Remove barriers that you place in the path to success. 
Art-House Summer Films Not to be Missed. 
Must-Haves For Photographers This Summer. 
Peter Beard. 
An Overflow Of Artwork At Street Art Fair LA. 
Sue Paterson and 'Bursting Into Life' at Hollywood's Montalban Theatre. Born in New Zealand and now living in Australia, painter and interior designer, Sue Paterson, has made her way to America, with her bright, naturalistic new art series in tow.
Public Pianos, Vandalism & the Metrics of Hope (or, How to Win 99% of Bets). There is much discussion in nonprofit-land these days about how we measure impact. To that end, how do we leverage the success metric of Sing for Hope Pianos placed in \at-risk\ neighborhoods? Over 99% of these beautiful artist-designed pianos emerge not only un-vandalized, but having uplifted spirits on a broad scale.
If Van Gogh Could Talk About Art Therapy. 
A Queen of Many Faces. 
Why music lessons need to keep up with the times. 
\Age Shall Not Weary Them\ - Shakespeare and Memorial Day. It's a phrase that resonates as we remember the warriors, the heroes, the veterans, those we continuously applaud, and particularly on Memorial Day, for their service.
The Poem \Of A Soldier's Passing\. This is a poem I wrote circa 2005. It first appeared on Youtube.
Stage Door. Oscar Wilde's story - his rise and fall - remains fascinating. His plays were the toast of London and his 1895 masterwork The Importance of Being Earnest, was being staged at the time of his scandalous trial.
Contemporary Art \u2122 is a Now a 'Brand'. 
Loose Lips Sink Ships. 
Live and Dangerous. We are smack in the middle of a fantastic festival season - and this year's Governor's Ball is no exception.
Painted Words. There are paintings made from words, and words made from paint. Words, in painted form, find themselves layered, blended and brushed towards poetry.
First Nighter. Dick Gregory isn't playing himself in Turn Me Loose, at the Westside Theatre, although, at 83, he certainly could. Right now Joe Morton, whom current tv viewers know from Scandal, is impersonating Gregory in the Gretchen Law play that also has John Carlin taking on several roles, among them William F. Buckley.
Seven Magic Mountains Grand Opening Desert Style. Armed with thirst-quenching libations, we navigate the natural path through the barbed bushes and spiky yuccas. A sign warns of the possible presence of venomous snakes and I hope we are all making enough noise to ensure any lurking reptiles keep their distance.
The Gugulethu Project. Today, with more training opportunities available to talented young black students, filling the pipeline for these programs remains a challenge. How do you spot talent and recruit students when they may have no idea what ballet is?
Can the New SFMOMA Turn Tech-Bros Into Art Patrons?. 
'To Be or Not to Be, I There's the Point.' Or Conversations Overheard!!. Do you ever do that? Deliberately put yourself in line of hearing other people's conversations? My wife and I are terrible offenders, if indeed it is an offense. We know intuitively when there is a situation, a possibility, to observe and hear life and people unedited, which can yield such fascinating results.
Captive Audiences. 
A Wale(s) of a Tale. 
First Nighter. Although there's much to praise in the Young Vic-Joshua Andrews co-production of Tennessee Wiliams's superb A Street Car Named Desire, now transported to St. Ann's Warehouse, the laurels go mostly to the cast. About other prominent aspects, there's much to question.
Everybody Knows . . . Elizabeth Murray Premieres at Tribeca. 
William Kentridge's 'Greatest Drawing Ever' Unveiled Along the Banks of the River Tiber in Rome. On the evenings of April 21 and 22, the banks of the River Tiber in Rome will come alive with light, shadow, and music, in a free, public, site-specific performance along the Piazza Tevere.
What It Takes to Be an Asian Female Hip-Hop Dancer and Choreographer. Hailing from Hong Kong and New Zealand, Karen Ng has performed at The Kennedy Center, The Blue Note Jazz Club, NYC Summerstage, Shakespeare in the Park and more. She has also produced and performed her own projects.
The Real Housewife of 11th-Century Scotland. New breakthroughs in technology have a long history of disrupting the status quo. When I first learned how to type, it was on a manual typewriter that, if you hit the carriage return handle hard enough, might fall off the desk.
Adrian Lester. Phone rings, door chimes, in comes Stephen Sondheim's Company! Please let me know in the comments your favorite Bobby.
Actor Billy Eichner Sets Sight on 2nd Ever \Variety Sketch Series\ Emmy Award. Can't get enough Billy Eichner? A somber Eichner spilled the beans this week to The Hollywood Reporter podcast, \Award Chatter\ with Scott Feinberg. Eichner saw RENT on Broadway with his parents.
Christo and Jeanne-Claude. 
The \Garden\ of New York. Manhattan's art scene is one that fluctuates and migrates. Watching it over time, it starts to look like a natural process, like herding patterns, or erosion.
Stage Door. \Vacations are for amateurs,\ sneers Jenny, a cofounder of a private-equity firm. She's ambitious, smart and driven by excessive profits -- by any means necessary.
The Revolution Will Not Be Compromised. In his recent Op-Ed piece for The New York Times, A.O. Scott explained why \Everybody's a Critic. And That's How It Should Be.\ Unfortunately, not all analyses of critical thinking as an art form and means of public engagement are as elegantly constructed as Scott's essay.
Evolution of a Giant. 
Actors Equity and the Battle for LA Theater. 
Be An Outsider, Be A Hero. FOR A MEETING last week, I flew three-and-a-half hours from S\u00e3o Paulo to Fortaleza, a beautiful city located in Brazil's northeast, and once more I was struck by how vast, rich and diverse this nation is.
\Finding New Horizons for Korea in its Past. For all the success of the TV series about the palace kitchen Dae Jang Geum and Psy's \Gangnam Style\ there is an increasing cultural entropy in Korea and commercialization of cultural contents that has undermined the cultural creativity that so many have held high expectations for.
Nuns on the Pun. 
Francis Upritchard's Exotic Artifacts from an Alternate Universe. 
Is It Real or Is It Memory?. 
LA Phil's Long Journey with Pell\u00e9as et M\u00e9lisande a Glowing Success. The performance succeeded at every level, revealing in its unusual format an equally valid way to present Pell\u00e9as et M\u00e9lisande. It will stand as one of the greatest ever in Disney Hall and a milestone in the history of this unique work of musical art.
Post-Internet to Proto-Internet. 
Painting Feminism. I'm painting portraits of every woman artist I know. It's a simple gesture. I'm painting them so they will not disappear.
Constance Mallinson's 'Free Painting Experiment' and Its Unexpected Result. \Raft,\ the centerpiece of the artist's carefully designed \free painting\ experiment was given away -- not sold -- in an attempt to bypass and raise questions about the usual artist/dealer/collector nexus and its operations.
The Utmost Beauty of Atomos (Company Wayne McGregor). The 70-minute piece opens with the nine-member ensemble confined to a small square patch of stage illuminated by Lucy Carter. They rise and sink and appear to shed their skins in the eerie light, like bathers in the holy Ganges, to the elegiac sounds of a synthesized church organ from A Winged Victory for the Sullen.
A Lustrous 'Pearl Fishers' To Ring In The New Year. It has taken the Met Opera 100 years to get Bizet's Les Pecheurs de Perles back on the stage, but the new production the company unveiled in a gala New Year's Eve premiere is such a spectacular success, beautifully sung and acted by a splendid cast and chorus, it should secure the opera a place in the repertory for years to come.
Learning to Live Outside Your Comfort Zone. Children can be remarkably resilient. But what about adults who struggle to cope with the demands of their personal and professional lives? Will they happily go with the flow of new-found freedoms and technology? Or will they dig in their heels and resist change with the angry determination of a frightened adolescent?
Sally Mann. Sally Mann opens her memoir, Hold Still (Little, Brown), by invoking the muese. An outdated word, the meuse is a mark left in the ground after a small animal leaves; the grass or dust bears an imprint of its departed body.
Why I Fell In Love With Woven?. Whether you believe in miracles, have faith in the power of coincidence or simply agree that life is just a series of open doors for us to explore, the story of WOVEN and the film makers is one that will inspire you to believe in the power of dreams.
Agnes Martin. In the monograph Agnes Martin (D.A.P./Tate), the work is described variously as ascetic, immensely fragile, calm, direct, hypnotic, quiet and inward. Martin says her subjects are lightness and formlessness. Her work is so interior it does not invite more concrete description.
Spring Studio Is Dead, Long Live Spring Studio. Some years ago, I lived in one of those artsy little towns which freckle the South. There was a main road in this town, and off to one side of it, a fenced-off bare lot. Walking past, one would notice slow changes in the lot
My Favorite Part of The Lion King Was Intermission. My family and I were given three tickets to the Broadway production of The Lion King. Tuesday, 7 p.m. Only the tickets weren't there when we got there. The theater was sold out.
Americaville. \There are no strangers here, only friends you have yet to meet.\ -- Merry Christmas from Wisconsin.
A Pony for Your Thoughts. From acrobats gallivanting across the stage on jumping stilts to muscular male gymnasts doing poetic pole dances, from nine male aerialists simultaneously performing on hoops above the stage to a cluster of angelic women being lifted on high, the spectacle is stunning.
So These Three Artists Walk Into a Jeff Koons Show... The Artist as CEO... and Why Skill in Art is No Joke. Among the painters I know, skill is a hot topic. Everyone seems to intuitively know what it is -- they know it when they see it -- and the implications of having or not having skill are generating lively, fresh conversations and opinionated writing.
A Most Ingenious Paradox. The San Francisco Opera recently scored a major success with its new production of Donizetti's 1835 opera, Lucia di Lammermoor, which had been updated to some kind of modern mythic landscape.
Dawn of the Post-Contemporary. 
Dawn of the Post-Contemporary. 
Museum Residencies Offer Opportunities for Artists. There is no one type of museum artist-in-residence program. In many institutions, the artist-in-residence program is run out of the museum's education department with a very specific mandate to develop and complete projects with school-age children, and there may be no studio or materials for the artists or opportunities for them to exhibit their own work.
23 Artworks. I love the work included below, and I am happy to have the opportunity to share it, and my thoughts about it, with you. I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving, and that your upcoming holiday of choice goes very well.
Beauty in a Whirlpool. A sensitive, imaginative artist who has struggled both to make sense of and also to redeem her Southern Baptist upbringing, Bowland sees is fascinated by the idea of \damaged beauty.\
Beware the Squid Children of Cebu. When American Conservatory Theater first announced plans to renovate the Strand Theatre on Market Street, its Artistic Director, Carey Perloff, was bubbling over with ideas about what a second performance space could do for the company.
First Nighter. The old theater saying that goes \If you have a great finish, you don't have to worry about anything else\ comes close to working for the Andrew Lloyd Webber-Glenn Slater-Julian Fellowes musical adaptation of School of Rock.
Painters. 
Art Consultant Arianne Levene Piper on Collecting in Emerging Art Markets. In a globalized art world, a good navigator is essential. Arianne Levene Piper is a London-based art consultant and curator who advises major international collectors in Zurich, London, Stockholm, Dubai and elsewhere.
First Nighter. Sometimes understatement is the best kind of statement. It's surely true of these six pieces, and it's also surely true that dramatist Yearley proves to be a master of understatement. Congrats to him and to the 11 actors--including Deon Frank--and two directors who bring him so realistically alive.
The New Age of Narcissism. Thanks to smartphones, digital technology and social media, it has become nearly impossible for anyone who is online to avoid the tidal waves of narcissism coursing through cyberspace.
Stage Door. 
George Lucas, Samuel L. Jackson, Angela Lansbury and Others Honor James Earl Jones. James Earl Jones is 84, and considered one of the world's finest actors, the voice of Darth Vader has been on Broadway since the 1950s, starring in plays from the Great White Hope and Othello to Fences and You Can't Take It With You. And he continues to dazzle audiences.
9 Talks That Are a Great Introduction to TED. It's not easy to convey just how fantastic TED Talks are and how life changing they have been in my life. So I thought that I should do a post for people who may not be familiar with TED.
Terror With a Twist. How does one tell a contemporary horror story if one's audience can't see the monster? What if the audience is gathered in a 50-seat theatre with no possibility of elaborate scenic effects?
Stage Door. Robert O'Hara's biting play, Barbecue, now off-Broadway at the Public Theater, takes raw concepts of truth, fiction and entertainment and grills them over a well-lit flame.
California Launches Effort Promoting Art and Culture Districts. Governor Brown, Craig Watson, and Assemblyman Richard Bloom (D-Santa Monica) who introduced AB 189, all undoubtedly see the connections between the arts and creativity and, in turn, between creativity and innovation.
Reflections of a Humbled Son on the 98th Birthday of My Father, Thelonious Monk. From my earliest recollections, adults, when first meeting me, would invariably ask the question, \Do you know who your father is?\ The query came from musicians and fans alike. I didn't really understand the question at first, because the answer seemed so obvious.
Theater. Spring Awakening left Broadway just six years ago. And its original cast -- Jonathan Groff, John Gallagher Jr. and Lea Michele -- left huge shoes to fill. But it's a delight to see the story has lost none of its impact, the score and songs none of their dusky, moody impact.
Linking Art, Culture, Commerce and Through Technology, the World. We know that technology is shrinking the globe, but the reasons are largely economic
Beware Intelligent Men Bearing Caustic Wits. While the documentary shows Kramer in robust health and, later in life, as a frail senior citizen, it teaches viewers what can happen when one fiercely intelligent man (who is not willing to take \no\ for an answer) speaks truth to power.
Broad-Kill. Dozens of other art writers, critics and bloggers have been writing about the Broad since it opened last week, and after having actually \seen\ it, some have made prose of its alleged deficiencies.
Did You Know LA's Palm Trees Are Dying? This Artist is Bronzing Them.. With an exhibition that just opened at the new Hollywood home of not-for-profit art initiative LAXART, MutualArt checked in with Los Angeles-based artist Zoe Crosher to discuss her two recently unveiled projects, on view until October 24th.
Theater. This isn't the first Dream to play more like a nightmare. But the shadows do prove Tucker's most memorable gambit. While most tech elements are minimal and add even less, the lighting is exceptional.
Looking Back 100 Years. When Nixon In China received its world premiere from the Houston Grand Opera on October 22, 1987, audiences were stunned by the portrayal of Tricky Dick as a wistful world traveler obsessed with the idea of making news.
Aisle View. A comedy about drag queens might have a somewhat limited audience.  The Legend of Georgia McBride, though, is not so much a comedy about drag queens, but a comedy which incorporates characters who happen to be drag queens.
Art Consultants Help Advance Artists' Careers. Some artists are great at promoting themselves, finding buyers and generating attention to their careers. Hats off to them. For many other artists, however, having a middleman speak on behalf of their work is vital to their careers.
What Could Possibly Go Wrong?. Things don't always happen the way one hoped they would. Although people don't look forward to receiving bad news, when it comes a-knocking at their door, many react with an astonishing range of emotions.
The Bata Shoe Museum In Toronto Celebrates Its 20th Anniversary. 
New York's Finest. From 1894's \The Sidewalks of New York\ to 1940's \Give My Regards to Broadway\ and beyond, some songs have become closely linked to the mythology of New York. There are even two hit songs (from 1944 and 1977) entitled \New York, New York.\
Who Wrote the Beatles Hit \Twist and Shout\? The Amazing Story of Bert Berns. Chances are that you've never heard of Bert Berns. But most likely you know the songs \Twist and Shout,\ \Piece of My Heart,\ and \I Want Candy.\  Those timeless tunes were written or co-written by Berns, the many-hit wonder who thrived as a songwriter, producer, and label chief with his own label, Bang Records.
First Nighter. Shylock's inflexible insistence on the bond he made with Antonio for a pound of flesh were the 3,000 ducats not repaid -- that's to say, Shylock's unrelenting stance as a broader revenge on the Christians who've tormented him throughout life as a usurer -- is decidedly matched by his tormenters' virulent prejudice.
When Art Likes You Back. Liking and appreciating works of art involves a give and take, and the idea of a idea of a private conversation in which a work of art responds by deepening its meanings and offering more profound pleasures is apt and beautiful. It is precisely this kind of conversation that wakes up our taste for art, which involves a kind of deep affinity or even passion.
Not Getting Married Today. It was difficult to explain to this passionate Cuban man that I didn't want to marry anybody. Still don't. Why not? I'm one of those men that Professor Henry Higgins described as \a confirmed old bachelor, and likely to remain so.\
Exclusive Interview With Bosque Hrbek, Founder of Symbiosis Gathering. Behind every great music festival stands a passionate founder with an ambition that blossoms into a gathering. Bosque Hrbek, founder of Symbiosis Gathering, shares his mission, philosophies, \human animalism\ and much more, divulging the seeds of the mind that grew this gathering.
What We Found at 'The End of the Tour'. The End of the Tour is a careful exploration of one of the most intelligent, observant and complicated minds of the twentieth century. David Foster Wallace had an unmatched appreciation for the minute details of our ever-expanding modern world. And he was able to articulate them.
Black Lives Matter. While playwrights such as Lynn Nottage (51), Suzan Lori-Parks (52), George C. Wolfe (60), and Ntozake Shange (66) are familiar names on the theatrical landscape, a younger generation of gifted African-American dramatists such as Katori Hall (34) and Marcus Gardley (37) have been impressing audiences with their work.
Big Girls Don't Cry. In the late 1960s a new brand of cigarettes was introduced by Philip Morris International. A spinoff of the popular Benson & Hedges brand, its marketing was aimed at female smokers enjoying a new sense of liberation. For better or worse, the advertising slogan for Virginia Slims insisted that \You've Come A Long Way, Baby.\
Setting the Record Straight. The clich\u00e9d rivalry between the East and West Coasts of the United States confounds those of us who grew up in distant lands. When it comes to ballet, in particular, many American balletomanes appear oblivious to the bustle outside the precincts of New York City.
Summer Book Bingo Spices Up Summer Reading. 
David Ligare at the Crocker Art Museum, Sacramento. At the Crocker Art Museum in Sacramento, the works of David Ligare (b. 1945), a contemporary Classicist and a maker of \literate pictures\ are currently on view. I recently interviewed David Ligare, and asked him about his artistic development and his ideas.
Singular Sensations. On January 29, 1966, when Sweet Charity opened on Broadway at the Palace Theatre, the song which became one of the show's biggest hits was \Big Spender.\ The number featured a lineup of bored, jaded, and cynical taxi dancers offering their bodies to prospective customers.
From the Streets of NY, to Main Street SM, FLOrE and Westgard Take On LA!. New York street artists FLOrE and Westgard share the spotlight in a two-person exhibition titled \CALIFORNIA Dreaming.\
Young Adult Author Points To Lack Of Diversity In Genre. 
Keeping Up Appearances. When one thinks back on some of history's greatest hoaxes, the first two that come to mind are usually the Trojan Horse and the creation of Potemkin villages.  Both were brilliant projects conceived and executed on a grand scale with formidable results.
Classical Live. It's a great thing when major orchestras release new recordings of contemporary art music. It's an even better sign of the vibrancy of the classical music business for that to happen under the auspices of a new major international initiative that brings together commercial and non-profit entities.
Afloat Once More on San Francisco Opera's Show Boat...and in Its Wake, 'Sweeney Todd'. I just had one of the best opera experiences of my life, attending San Francisco Opera's terrific production of The Trojans, with its gorgeous music by Hector Berlioz, monumental sets and some of the best singers performing today.
Americana for the Fourth of July. But seriously, if there's a time to use the word Americana, it's got to be July 4th, right? So here are some genre-bending releases that fit the name.
Arthamptons Lifetime Achievement Award. Just prior to the Arthamptons opening, I met with Ruth Appelhof, Executive Director of Guild Hall, who will receive the Arthamptons Lifetime Achievement Award on July 5. Over eggs Benedict at the Maidstone in East Hampton, we talked.
13 Ways Artists Around The World Have Interpreted The American Flag. 
15 Beach Reads To Bask In This Summer. 
A Starry Night of Gershwin by the Philadelphians. The Philadelphia Orchestra concluded their regular season in Philly, with what proved to be a triumphal sold out performances of Leonard Bernstein's Mass, a pet project of musical director Yannick Nezet Seguin.
Former Burlesque Stars Prove Eroticism Has No Age Limit (NSFW). 
Nature Adds a Psychedelic Spin to Lucinda Bunnen's Photography. \The minute I saw those two photographs, I said, 'Oh, my lord, that's fabulous. How can I make that happen?'\ says Lucinda Bunnen, recalling when she discovered two damaged slides while winnowing her archives of 60 years.
Art That. There's a huge difference between looking at art, and actually seeing it. When I make this statement during the lectures and seminars, people usually ask, \What the hell is the difference?\ So let me tell you my friends
The 5 Things I Learned in my 20's. If I were being honest, there was a lot of sacrifice, struggle, and discipline that went into getting to and maintaining that sort of state of being... a lot.
Deborah Levy's Strange Novels Are Not Your Mother's Book Club Pick. 
Leonardo Da Vinci's Personal Writings Show Us How A Genius Thinks. 
'Portrait Of A Quiet Girl' Celebrates The Private Madness Within Us All. 
Mark Twain Gave Good Advice About The Dangers Of Good Advice. 
Lullaby of B'way at 35. Thirty-five years to the day after the first performance of the long-running Broadway musical 42nd Street, almost two hundred alumni gathered last night to celebrate.  The David Merrick/Gower Champion production opened at the Winter Garden in 1980 and ran over eight years, playing 3,486 performances
Party at the Sacred Mountain for 5 Points Gathering 2015. For centuries, the mountain has been an important symbol to the spirituality of mankind. Often referred to as the Holy or Sacred Mountain, in many cultures its peaks were worshiped as Earth's closest steeple to heaven and other celestial dimensions.
This Woman Photographed Herself Every Time She Cried For Three Years. 
Recordings From Music Maker Relief Foundation (and a Free Album!). Public folklorists like me often advocate for traditional arts, and for individual traditional artists. We try to increase funding, support, and participation in the art forms we work with, and we recommend artists for gigs, awards, grants, and other recognition.
Etgar Keret Examines Life And Death In Israel Through The Eyes Of A New Father. 
Transcending the Traditional Art Fair. It seems to be an unofficial rule of the modern art fair that sooner or later they are obliged to transcend their creative and physical boundaries and expand beyond their original brief and location.
A Day in the Life of a Modern Poet. This morning, we are under-slept and under-caffeinated, but the usual weekend lolling doesn't apply when you're trying to cobble together a living through your creative work.
MassArt Gives Boston Fashion Sense. Cutting edge, trendsetter fashion? Yes!But in Boston? Don't make me laugh! C'est impossible, right? Wrong.
A Hungarian Lens on Photography. \It is not enough to have talent,\ photographer Robert Capa once said, turning an old saying on its head. \You also have to be Hungarian.\ By which he meant Hungarian-Jewish. This point is reinforced in an exhibition of post-World War II Paris photographs by Ervin Marton.
How To Read A Bad Book By A Great Author. 
Trisha Williams and Gamer Girl Pinups. In a very particular world, dominated by a very particular breed of men, Trisha Williams decided to step to the forefront and give this dangerous milieu exactly what it needs. This, ladies and gentlemen, is the world of video games.
New York's Flex Dancers Test The Limits Of The Human Body. 
Slashies vs. Yuccies. A \slashie\ is me. And maybe you. And most of the smart, creative people in my life. Some are learning to anticipate social trends that resonate with their callings, institutionalizing a niche into an actual job.
Getting Your Photography Published 2.0. 
Bits and Snatches. Most of us, upon hearing the term amuse-bouche, instantly think of food. But in some situations I often think of programs which offer a collection of short plays as a long string of amuse-bouches. Some are tastier and have more heft than others; some have an almost ethereal appeal.
Baseltopia. The great hall of the world's most influential international art fair might seem like the last place one might find utopia. Indeed, it almost seems antithetical to the art fair environment, as a realm of commercial activity predicated on exclusivity and lavish displays of luxury it is hardly the setting for utopian ideals.
London Life. 
From Walls to Wheels. Sir Alfred DiMora showed a special enthusiasm for cars at ten years old when he began to race miniature slot cars, which led to a genuine passion for the automobile. By the time he was thirteen, he dreamed of building his own car, and, like most genuine passions, simply would not let go until the goal was realized.
Buying And Selling Art Isn't All About Money To Curators For A Cause. 
Aisle View. How do you describe a play that is so surprising -- and so excellent -- that you don't want to give readers an idea of what they are in for?
World's Best (Literary) Dads. Happy Father's Day! While we take a break from toasting our own dads, we thought we'd make a list of our favorite fictional fathers.
Anish Kapoor's 'Vagina Sculpture' Vandalized At Versailles. 
When Losing Is Winning. None of our efforts in life are ever wasted. We can't always see the reverberations of good intent, but they ripple forever outward just the same. Doing something out of love for another is no small thing.
Saying Goodbye to Gigi and Realizing the Limits of Social Media. What makes a show fail? Many in the industry have pondered that question. If we knew the answer, shows wouldn't fail. Even veteran producers with a string of hits sometimes stumble. For there is really no magic key.
The Classic Book You Should Finally Read This Summer. Summer is the perfect time to embark on this challenge because it will give you the time and space for what Dante called the lungo studio e grande amore--the long study and great love--necessary for understanding great literature.
A Community Mural Festival Blossoms In Queens. An annual mural tradition of non-pretense, New York hosted the 6th Annual Welling Court mural festival this weekend in a working class neighborhood in Queens, thanks to a grassroots couple who hustle to match artists with walls and opportunity.
Art Basel in Basel 2015 Unlimited (VIDEO). The Unlimited sector of the international art fair Art Basel in Basel, Switzerland, presents large scale installations, paintings and sculptures, performances and videos in Hall 1 of Messe Basel. This year, the fair presents 74 projects.
And Here We Attempt To Illustrate Yoko Ono's Most Beguiling Tweets. 
My Interview With Max Ginsburg. I recently visited painter Max Ginsburg in his studio to talk about his his politically and emotionally charged paintings. For more than sixty years, Ginsburg has painted from life.
Yiddish-Wong-ish --It's All Fun in the Theater. Talk about diversity. New York is certainly the land of plenty. Just this week alone, I spent time in an Irish/Yiddish world and the next day was transported by intergalactic forces to the Planet Wongo. All this for a subway token.
Sophie Calle. Sophie Calle is the kind of woman who you know that you would want to be friends with. Her obsession with personal objects, wry knowingness and ability to stalk someone at will make her the prime candidate for any discerning art lover. Through her work, it's practically impossible not to fall in love with her.
7 Classic Feminist YA Books Everyone Should Read. 
Aisle View. Bruce Norris, who has given us the award-winning Clybourne Park (about race relations) and the less-successful Domesticated (about the broken marriage of a philandering politician), turns to wife-swapping in The Qualms.
Forever Bleeker Street, Forever Young. In 1961, at 17 years old, I moved into a floor thru pink brownstone on the corner of Bleeker and Jones Street in the West Village of New York City. It was heaven.
For One Year, This Publisher Will Only Release Books By Women. 
The Shame Game. Many LGBT adolescents are easy targets for classroom bullies. While their wounds may or may not heal, with today's social media it's easier for them to keep abreast of their tormentors. Some have even confronted and been able to foster a reconciliation with the people who once made their lives miserable.
Othello at Zombie Joe's Underground Theatre. Zombie Joe's Underground Theatre Group is possibly one of the most creative and innovative companies to burst onto the national theater scene in recent decades.  The eponymous Zombie Joe and his collaborators have redefined post-modern theater forms with a mix of commedia del'arte, punk, gothic and Grand Guignol influences.
First Nighter. What ensues may have some comic elements but, considering all that's preceded the Humayun-Babur activities, Joseph's Guards at the Taj is too morbid for non-stop yuks.
10 Ways to Increase Your Creativity. Creativity is a muscle that must be stimulated and fed every day. We are all born with creativity and how you use it, will determine our career and our life. Artists must increase their creativity to stay relevant.
Who Knew Marijuana Looked So Beautiful Up Close?. 
Jeanne Dunn. As a matter of form, trees beg anthropomorphism. Trunks and limbs lean and strive, they dance and wave; appearing active and expressive; existing in thick entanglements, or as lone sentinels.
25 Parallel Worlds Created by Photoshop Master Michal Karcz. 
Artist Susan Sweet Talks About Painting And Living In Rural Nova Scotia. Perhaps it was inevitable that I would eventually end up interviewing family - as I am not the lone artist in our bloodline. So, as a photography and arts blogger, it made sense to corner my aunt, painter Susan Sweet, and try to squeeze a little more than an artist statement out of her. Here is my attempt.
10 Photographers Share 'An Image That Changed Everything' And The Stories Behind Them. 
High School Students Create Haunting Artwork About Standardized Tests. 
A Connecting Flight. I am currently sitting on a flight headed from Los Angeles to New Orleans. I am in a middle seat between my fianc\u00e9 and a dear friend. Both have had two Bloody Marys and are passed out because they don't like to fly. I, on the other hand, love to fly.
Why This Opera Singer Took a Non Singing Job at an Opera Company. I have accepted a position at The Center for Contemporary Opera in New York City as the company's very first Director of Artistic Development.In other words, I finally get to work at an opera company doing the one thing I might be even more passionate about than singing; bringing opera to as many people as possible.
And the Award Goes to...  From Brooklyn. 3,979 miles from Cannes, 4,147 from Venice and 3,000 from Los Angeles, a diverse international crowd gathered at the Brooklyn Film Festival (now in its 18th year) to celebrate innovative storytelling and filmmaking in the age of the indie.
Dreams Take Care of Themselves. The above painting, captures the innocence of childhood and my love of Martha's Vineyard. I have traveled to the island every summer for the last 17 years. It's hard to write about its splendor without sounding cliche.
15 Women Illustrators You Should Follow On Instagram Right Now. 
Importance of Cultural Exchange With Russia During Political Frost. Even during the height of the Cold War with its threat of Nuclear Armageddon, the cultural exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union never ground to a halt.
Only English Speakers Capitalize 'I,' But That Doesn't Mean We're Obsessed With Ourselves. 
A Bizarre Feminist Music Video Experiment Is Pretty Much Rocking Our World. 
Susan Lizotte. In her latest body of work, the curious and expansive series Mercury, painter Susan Lizotte both mines and mimics history to construct a poignant and eccentric allegory for the present day.
Why Did A Peruvian Artist Bury Gold In An Abandoned Mansion?. 
The Photographic Eye of Sarah Kaufman. With the click of a shutter, the photographer catches a moment in time, thereby capturing a desired subject.  Sarah Kaufman focuses her lens on moments of quotidian experience.
How to Make Broadway Musical Theater More Diverse... and Empower Kids Along the Way. If musical theater will ever be racially, ethnically, and socioeconomically diverse, this is how it's going to happen, enabled by the organizational machinery, the adaptable repertoire, and the money of the rich corporations that own Broadway.
A Complete List Of The 2015 Tony Award Winners. 
Meanwhile, Back at the Missing Persons Bureau. Two missing person mysteries recently took center stage in San Francisco. One was a contemporary drama making its debut as part of the National New Play Network's Rolling World Premiere program.
The Tonys, 'Fun Home' and Kids. This year, however, two things intrigue me
An Exclusive Peek Inside This Year's Tony Awards Gala. For the fifth year, the nominees, presenters and other VIPs hightail it to the famous and historic Plaza Hotel for a Tony gala for the ages. This year's theme is Marie Antoinette with shades of pink, flowers and crystal galore.
How Filmmaker Paige Morrow Kimball Is Helping Make the World a Better Place. With her newest film, Play Date, Kimball wrote a script with three strong female leads and hired mostly women in key positions, including Producer, AD, DP, Production Designer, Editor and more.
An Adieu to Cedar Lake Contemporary Ballet. When I think of a lake, I imagine its stillness and peace. Calm looms over a clear surface without tides. No matter if the wind shouts or murmurs, the water barely stirs. It's settled, unperturbed. It craves nothing but silence.
Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance and Hands Up United Partner for Asian American and Pacific Islander Artist Delegation to Ferguson. All of the national media and cameras may not be on Ferguson, MO anymore but people are still building, organizing and protesting for change.
Jean Ritchie and the Cool of the Day. There was never a time when Jean's Ritchie's voice wasn't part of my life. Growing up as I did in a folk music community, she was a constant influence. Best of all was Jean's own singing -- gentle, unassuming and beautiful, with that clear, high voice.
Frida's Garden, Frida's Closet. Of all the important artists of the modern era, Frida Kahlo's work is perhaps the most inseparable from her biography and her unique physical appearance. Her life and art are presently interpreted in three exhibitions
Defiance Soars in Concerts Commemorating the Holocaust. Seventy-one years ago, in June 1944, Edgar Krasa, then a young prisoner at the Theresienstadt concentration camp, (also known as Terezin) was among some 60 Jewish men and women prisoners at the Nazi camp who lifted their collective voices in a choral performance of Verdi's Requiem.
Ira World Premiere Benefits Shrunken Shakespeare and the Actors' Fund. The plucky Shrunken Shakespeare Company has had some pretty big scores for their productions and parties considering they've only been around since 2012.
On the Holiness of Plastic. knew I was getting a teacher of ferocious passion and penetrating psychological insight from her poetry, which I had in read in The New Yorker, the Paris Review and in her four poetry collections.
This Animated WWI Doc Illuminates The Soul And Spirit Of The Conflict. Smetanka's script may have been derived from the artifacts of life, but it had also undergone the alchemy of creation, and the final product steers facts through invention until they emerge as something other, real, and true.
Gustavo Will Conduct All 9 Beethoven Symphonies for First Time Ever. For the first time ever in his career, Gustavo Dudamel will conduct all nine Beethoven symphonies on successive nights, in numerical order.
The Art of Keatley. 
Melanie Daniel. Canadian-born artist Melanie Daniel, whose work is currently on view at the Shulamit Gallery in Venice Beach, has lived in Israel for the past twenty years, including seven years in the mixed Arab-Jewish city of Jaffa. I recently interviewed Melanie Daniel to ask her about her background, her art and her sources of artistic inspiration.
15 Haunting Photos From Inside The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. Urbex and photographer Iain Bolton offer us a haunting glimpse into the town of Pripyat, the nuclear city established in February of 1970 to support a nearby power plant you might have heard of... It was called Chernobyl.
What Does it Take to Make a Movie? Wisdom from Effie Gray Producer Donald Rosenfeld. Since the the 1980s, Rosenfeld has been producing great movies like Howards End, Mr. and Mrs. Bridge, Remains of the Day, Surviving Picasso, Tree of Life and Jodorowsky's Dune. And just last month, he debuted the film Effie Gray starring a stellar cast of actors.
An Appreciation of an American Architect, I.M. Pei. 
Korean American Artist Nam June Paik Inspires Elementary School Students. They filed in, one by one, a long line of fourth- and fifth-grade students, quiet and well-behaved until they crossed the threshold of the Asia Society gallery. And then, one by one, they gasped, cried out, and-- in the case of one young boy-- jumped and nearly fell on landing.
Terrance Hayes On The Joys Of Poetry. 
Experts Answer \Why Isn't Masami Teraoka More Famous?!\. The art world is a swiftly flowing river. The currents shove every artist along, indiscriminately, at a fast clip. A few pass by twice while most flow through only once. Sometimes, an artist can get lodged along the riverbank, snagged onto a hold. Sometimes that \new land\ grows into a promontory.
Fab Phils Pumped for European Tour. Sergei Rachmaninoff 's Symphony no. 3, composed in the mid-30s, was also a commission by the Philadelphia Orchestra. It has a surface of the composer's signature romanticism, but he blasts through that shape shifting to something more aggressive.
Photographer Jim McKinniss Captures Equine Magic With Breathtaking Skill. 
Street Art Transforms Morocco's Capital Into A Living Canvas. 
Women on Top. 
Something Wonderful. If I had to choose the one featured performer in a play or musical, on or off-Broadway, who I thought was giving the best performance this season, it would be Ruthie Ann Miles in Lincoln Center Theater's revival of The King and I.
All Your Existential Worries Are Catalogued In One Hilarious Instagram Account. 
The Summer of Doug Aitken Arrives in Europe. Creating what his gallery term \fine art installations,\ and roaming across a wide range of media, techniques and subjects, Aitken's work has been difficult to categorize. But taken together, these three shows should give the unacquainted viewer a full overview of who he is.
Ritualized Oligarchy and the Plight of Innocence in Jonathan Monaghan's 3D-Materialization Art. There is a distinctly authoritarian directive ominously, if sardonically, commandeering us through Jonathan Monaghan's 3D film loop, The Pavilion.
10 Innovative Writers Who Are Shaking Up The Book World. 
Artist Highlights Just How Hard It Is To Make A Living As A Woman In Art. 
Here's Why The Biggest Slum In India Is Honoring A Fictional Rape Victim. 
This Love Story Will Make Every Scrabble Nerd's Heart Flutter. 
These Radically Colorful Photographs Will Brighten Your Day. 
Artist Jim Bachor Fixes Chicago Potholes With Ice Cream Mosaics. 
The Magic of Taiko for American Audiences. A few months ago I had the privilege of introducing readers to Kudo, a Japanese drum ensemble whose enduring sounds have performed for over 30 years and today counts 100 talented performers in its troupe.
Reflections on Five Years of Blogging on HuffPost Arts & Culture. \Picasso's Recession-Proof Harem\ was the first of a total of 259 blogs that I have posted over a five-year span. That means I have averaged just under a blog a week over time. When I started, I had absolutely no idea that I was capable of writing so much or so often. Blogging has been a huge surprise for me
You've Got Me Under Your Spell. Two productions new to San Francisco had that special aura about them
My Tomas Vu Interview. In 2011, Vu made his first laser-engraved wooden surfboard, setting out to make 210, one for each of the Beatles' songs.
In Their Own Words Part I- The Black Classical Singer Experience. 
Permission Denied. Like Hand to God, Permission is outrageous and profane; like its predecessor, it can be seen as a sledgehammer attack on religion featuring violence and sex, albeit without as much bloodshed. But there the similarities end. Hand to God is inspired; Permission, alas, is not.
The Strange And Seductive Rituals Of Worry. Worriers like me are secretly devoted to mysterious rituals and superstitions. Although we're ordinary people living ordinary lives, we are caught up in peculiar dramas of obeisance.
Artists Discuss The Problem With The 'O' Word -- Outsider Art. 
Capital and Contradiction. The Venice Biennale is built on paradox and contradiction
Apichatpong Werasethakul's 'Cemetery of Splendour'. To watch an Apichatpong Werasethakul film is to be lulled into a dream state. His latest film, Cemetery of Splendour, which premiered at Cannes this week, immerses you in a surreal, and yet real, world on the line of wakefulness and sleep.
Why 'Millennial' Is A 'Garbage Phrase'. 
Marina Abramovic Says Jay Z 'Completely Used' Her. 
Meet Romaine Brooks, The 20th Century Woman Artist You've Never Heard Of. 
Francesca Zambello Extends Contract With Washington National Opera Through September 2018. Today, Washington National Opera (WNO) announced that Francesca Zambello will extend her term as Artistic Director for three years, through September 2018. She has served as the company's Artistic Director since January 2013 and as its Artistic Advisor since June 2011.
Confessions of a Serial Songwriter. I often say (and you've probably heard me say it), that when I started out in this business of writing songs I was twenty. Everyone else was twenty. Now I'm fifty-something and everyone else is five. I'm exaggerating about the five, but you know what I mean.
Missed 'Game Of Thrones'? Art Museum Uses Medieval Paintings In Hilarious Recaps. 
11 Fun And Fabulous Children's Books From Around The World. 
Mark Dendy Explores Social Issues at Joe's Pub. The Lower East Side has always been a playground for oddballs, creative types who diverge from Manhattan's mold. It's a quirky neighborhood filled with idiosyncrasies and secrets stuffed in blocks and buildings. These days, south of Union Square is trending, a wonderland of bars, movie houses, and restaurants that offer a refreshing contrast to Midtown.
San Francisco Film Society Embraces Innovation, Awareness. The San Francisco International Film Festival kicks off its theater takeover every late April. This year's opening night film was Oscar winner Alex Gibney's \Steve Jobs
'Bachelor' Host Chris Harrison's New Book Is The Best Terrible Guilty Pleasure Read. 
This Bud's for B. That's what BB King's friends call him
Feeding the Soul as Well as the Stomach. Deli Man is a lot of fun to watch. Not only does it provide a solid sense of history and the role of food in Jewish communities, there are poignant moments. One word of warning, however. Don't watch this film on an empty stomach.
I On Exceptional Living. Nikki's newest project, Flashback To The Future, will incorporate classic footage with new interviews, parties, and fabulous fun. She's on a mission to make old things new and take us all along for the journey. How will she do it?
Film Classics 101. Rarely have text and image united to form such cinematic perfection as in Alain Resnais' 1959 classic Hiroshima Mon Amour. A poetic duet of sight and sound, this remarkably intelligent film remains a heartfelt ode to love and loss and to the triumph of memory over forgetting.
Stage Door. Janet's tale, about a young married British couple in Northern England in 1961, is a strangely compelling look at the state of consumerism and love gone goofy. Equal parts social commentary and theater of the absurd, One Hand Clapping, at 59E59 Theaters, is a thoughtful and engaging dark comedy.
First Nighter. If it's offbeat revues you're after, make a beeline to the short-run Street Singer
Cassandra Wilson's Unique Holiday Tribute. Billie Holiday was born in Philadelphia in 1915, grew up in Baltimore, moved to New York, started to sing while still in her teens and soon changed music history as the inimitable Lady Day.
10 Crazy/Beautiful Things Happening In The Art World This Weekend. 
These Commencement Speeches Will Inspire You No Matter Your Age. 
Against Two-Tap Opera. The opera's conductor laughed when I told him. \I recall teaching one of my prot\u00e9g\u00e9s how to use a rotary phone; he kept looking for buttons to push.\ \Boy or girl?\ I quipped.
Misty Copeland Dances In New Film Toasting 75 Years Of American Ballet. Nearly a decade in the works, American Masters - American Ballet Theatre
Brown Bags to Stardom. 
Pornosophy. Is loving sex all that it's cracked up to be? Or is it the province of bad movies like Love Story (1970) or another sixties classic A Man and a Woman (1966). One of the nice things about a film like Richard Linklater's Before Midnight (2013) is that it shies away from loving sex.
Why Music? An Interview With Sheila E.. I sat in during rehearsal with Sheila and the youth. After the initial sound check, Sheila sat down on the edge of the stage and said
This Grrrl Power Video Game Is Everything That's Right About The '90s. 
One Street Artist Documents The Faces Of Disappearing Tradesmen In Morocco. We have been introducing and recounting street art stories for a number of years now online and in front of audiences, and we find that it never fails to surprise people who learn that many of the images they see on the street are of actual people who live in their community.
10 Times Artists Didn't Violate The Environment To Create Beautiful Art Outdoors. 
New Music Review. For those unfamiliar with the world of gaming, it may come as a shock to learn that video game soundtracks are actually a thing.
Theatre Makers. As subscriber-based audiences get older, it is imperative that theatre makers consider Millennial sensibilities when creating their work and marketing it out. If theatre is the \social art form,\ then it must communicate in a language that is relevant to its audience.
Mr. Biesenbach, Why Giving a Retrospective to Yoko Ono Instead of Fluxus (Whom She Copies) at MOMA?. Yoko Ono claims to be one of the pioneers of performance art but the truth is that her art is a conflation of 'ready-made' indexicality and a projection of her own persona into that same indexicality.
Top 5 Auctions This May in New York. After a record year for sales in 2014 -- artnet reported that the global fine art auction reached $16.1 billion -- expectations are high for the upcoming modern and contemporary sales in New York. This May, the auctions will bring an influx of art buyers from around the world to the city.
From Atlanta to Bushwick. The New York art scene isn't only about New York anymore
It Got Better. Directed by Jang Hee-Sun, My Fair Wedding is a curious, but ultimately triumphant documentary that was screened at CAAMFest 2015. Potential viewers should be aware that a huge amount of text is thrown up onto different parts of the screen so that, at times, it almost seems impossible to follow the film.
After Postmodernism. Emergence, a cross-disciplinary theory which deals with the way that higher-order complexity can arise out of chaos, presents a powerful new model for aesthetics. For Pearce, emergence opened a dynamic alternative to what he feels have been the reductive and culturally erosive tendencies of Postmodernism in art.
People At Work - Photographs by Tim Allen. 
A Story is Literally Bursting Off the Page in This Intricate Fairy Tale Photograph. 
Romeo and Juliet, Together Again, Thanks to San Francisco Ballet. When a company's principal dancers and soloists are this excellent, your choice of casts often comes down to those whose acting ability or personal style/charisma grabs you.
Women In Sitcoms Are Getting A Lot More Three-Dimensional. And That's A Good Thing.. 
Art Digest. What a month in the art world
Natalie Arnoldi. 
Voyeur Theatre Collective. Red solo cups are not the stuff of sonnets. There is no poetry in sweaty basements. The millennial party experience has remained a fairly untouched source material for fine art, suggesting tailgates have no place in the theatre.
Escaping War Saved My Life. Song and Dance Saved My Soul.. Whenever I feel a darkness creep into my soul, I sing, dance and play music on the adungu, a traditional hand-held harp of northern Uganda. It always works, the darkness recedes. Art is my detox.
10 Science Fiction Writers Predict What The Next 10 Years Will Bring. 
Confucius or Confusion?. Does wisdom come with age? It's often said that the Chinese, for example, respect the elderly and revere age in a way that is foreign to Americans who treat age as a burden.
How Cultural Bias And Sexism Catapulted The Period Photo That Broke The Internet. 
The Musical Ragtime Is Right for the Times. Ragtime uses song to weave together stories of early twentieth-century New York from three very different perspectives -- African Americans in Harlem, immigrants from Eastern Europe, and upper-class suburban whites.
Andy Warhol Made A Mistake That Resulted In Some Of His Best Paintings. 
'Express Yourself  - Why Expression Is One Of The Most Critical Parts Of A Fashion Photo   Shoot'   by Emily Soto. 
The Big Problem With How We Talk About Sex And Gender. 
The Arts and Arts Education Are Part of the Solution. We are in a springtime of mixed messages in America. Some graduation ceremonies feature stories of great opportunity by commencement speakers, while others are solemn events where graduating seniors are simply processed out the door toward an uncertain future.
40 Inspirational Photography Quotes... and 10 Funny Ones. 
Adventures in Instagram Land. My advice to artists is  \INSTAGRAM it.\  I started with Instagram after Oliver Luckett, who recommended it, said to me \just feed it.\ Just like the White Rabbit of Jefferson Airplane, \Feed your head.\ The rabbit hole of Instagram is a cool way to get support for an artist.
Photography Series Spotlighting Iconic Women Over 70 Proves The Best Is Yet To Come. 
First Nighter. Jonathan Miller's 1997 production of The Rake's Progress, revived at the Metropolitan Opera House for the first time since 2003, and around for only two additional performances, eschews the look.
Stage Door. German composer Kurt Weill was no stranger to Nazi harassment. A prominent and popular Jewish composer, he fled to Paris in 1933. Well known for his theater hits, such as The Threepenny Opera and Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny, he soon headed to the safety of New York.
Outbursts of Genius in San Francisco Ballet's Romeo and Juliet. Helgi Tomasson's Romeo and Juliet made a comeback at San Francisco's War Memorial Opera House last night, buoyed by a vivid and sensitive performance of the Prokofiev score by the San Francisco Ballet Orchestra, under the electrifying baton of Martin West.
Presenting Rock Impressario Bill Graham. The legendary rock impresario Bill Graham was not a particularly observant Jew. There is nothing specifically Jewish about the bands he worked with, such as the Grateful Dead or the Rolling Stones, or the venues in which he produced concerts, such as at the Fillmore (East and West) and Winterland arenas.
Victorian Boredom at Tate Britain. The show starts with a display of coins and medals that refers to the way Victorians wanted to appropriate Imperial Roman imagery. Visually these medals are disappointing and confusing.
10 Lessons For The Artistic Soul. You can't run away from your own entity. Why not embrace it? Learning and truly loving yourself is one of the best decisions you can ever make. Trust me.
First Nighter. It's been said that theater emanating from repressed societies is the most pungent. You certainly believe it's the god's honest truth at Trash Cuisine, which the Belarus Free Theatre -- free only by some definitions -- is presenting at La MaMa.
Daniel Lanois. \Should one be so lucky to find something they are good at, then pursue it with full passion, man.\ Spot-on advice from one of the world's most sought-after producers Daniel Lanois, who forwards wisdom from the legendary Brian Eno.
Stunning Photographs of Postwar Italy Revive The Spirit of A Bygone Era. 
Ellen Weider. As many creatives embrace new technology to enhance or supersede mediums that are centuries old, others continue to find inspiration in the tactility of pencil on paper, oil on canvas -- or in the case of Ellen Weider, the technique of drypoint.
Why The Best Painting At The Guggenheim This Summer Was Made By A Third Grader. 
Ted Gioia's Bar Talk. How many club owners would ask Lady Gaga or Keith Jarrett to play for free? None. Why? Because both artists can generate ticket sales and bar receipts that exceed their fees -- a mutually beneficial arrangement for both the club owner and the artist, which is how it must be.
Don't Think I've Forgotten. Malik Bendjelloul's Searching for Sugar Man and John Pirozzi's Don't Think I've Forgotten
Finding Spirituality in the Diaspora. Tanya Hartman is a storyteller. Her work, in all its varying disciplines (painting, crafting, mixed media) covers a large swath of ground, ensuring all the details of her tales are taken into account.  So That I May Carry You With Me is an exquisitely detailed pastiche at the Daum Museum in Sedalia, Missouri.
Soldiers, Superstars, Coachella and PTSD. He's photographed Daniel Craig, supermodels and AK-47-wielding, crack-crazed Sierra Leonean rebels. He's created poster campaigns for King Kong, Casino Royale and over 150 other major films.
Unapologetic Self-Portraits That Shatter Perceptions Of Disability. 
#EmojisInTheWild Is Taking Over Instagram. 
Ballet Meets Urban Grit In One NYC-Based Photographer's Instagram Account. 
Libraries Are Paving The Way For Cultural Unity. The lack of diverse children's books published annually does not reflect the rich cultural tapestry that surrounds us.
Ukraine. As an idealist, I always like to assume that radical revolutions will inevitably cultivate a kind of \counter-culture\ in opposition to the establishment and prevailing norms.  Take, for example, the Mexican Revolution with its mural art, or even the Russian Revolution.
Ren\u00e9e Fleming Triumphs on Broadway. Your intrepid reporter has traveled far and wide to see opera before, but this was his most challenging assignment yet
Big Voices in Small Theater -- Part 2. Small theater is one of the most welcoming places for fresh new voices. In this series I will begin to prove why.
Where There Is Suffering, There Is Art. This weekend, a few dozen New Yorkers attended an event at Tibet House
Equity's Union-Busting Tactics. It's a perfect example of \divide and conquer\ that will ultimately lead to the decline of L.A. theater. Why? Because talented young actors, fresh out of drama school or college, will be unable to form their own companies with their colleagues.
First Nighter. Synchronicity can be a scary, shocking and ominously timely thing.  Only days after Barack Obama apologizes for a drone killing hostages held by al Qaeda in Pakistan, George Brant's Grounded opens.
Yes, These Are Photographs Of Actual Caves And Icefalls On Planet Earth. 
Living on Love. 
This Artist's Murals Return Color To Prisoners' Lives. 
Inside The Strange And Beautiful Bromance Of Dal\u00ed And Disney. 
This Venice Biennale Is Dedicated to an Artist Who Evokes the Eroticism That Lies Underneath Self-Destruction. His conceptualism achieves somethings apparently impossible which is to be experienced at an emotional level. The way, however, his work has been read till now, insists on transforming his pieces into a visual representation of some aspects of continental social philosophy.
Life's a Rush. In the throes of fighting for her life, Margolin revels in vivid memories of her youth, unscheduled raptures far from the enforced multitasking of today. And where she now finds herself is where she would have hoped to be.
When One Of The World's Most 'Insider' Galleries Hosts An 'Outsider' Art Show (NSFW). 
On the \A\ w/Souleo. There was the body of a civil rights leader shot down, and rising from that tragedy would be the bodies of young and motivated African-American dancers ready to lead the charge of challenging racism head-on in the world of dance.
Even The Most Well Known Authors Know A Snub Is A Snub Is A Snub. 
Hyperrealistic Drawings Ask Viewers To Take A Closer Look At Homeless Communities. 
A Pioneering Contemporary Collection Travels to S\u00e3o Paulo. The Inhotim Collection is billed as \the only Brazilian Institute with a world-class collection of contemporary art continuously on display.\
Relating to Race Over Dinner. Aside from the issues of dinner theater in general, there is a compelling reason to acknowledge that this experience of seeing and feeling the Tony award winning show \Memphis,\ is a surprising one in several ways.
What All Writers (And Human Beings) Should Keep In Mind. It's that time of the year again, when a super-packed schedule of French film premieres reigns at the Directors Guild of America in Los Angeles, where sold-out crowds of cinemaphiles, Francophones and Frenchies unite.
Portraits Of Famous Artists, And The Cats That Kept Them Sane. 
Pulitzer Prize Winning Play, and a Winning Director, Too. The Pulitzer Prize for Drama was given to the writer of a fast and funny and poignant new American play that I had the good fortune to see, Between Riverside and Crazy.
The Never Ending Journey of the Independent Artist. Independent art requires courage and persistence and a commitment to engage the world, to promote and market the work.
On Rachel Rampleman's Girls Girls Girls. Rachel Rampleman introduced me to the NYC-based, all-ladies M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce tribute band, Girls Girls Girls one Saturday night in early 2014 during a visit to her Brooklyn studio. The band was getting ready to play their last show and I was invited to witness the final act.
At Tribeca. Some of the tales are bawdy, some tragic, numerous are of greed, and many flow forth with tears and laughter only true love can elicit. Here's an unvarnished view of a battered world that's soon to be rejuvenated by the Renaissance, but not yet.
Blinds and Bells. At Haegue Yang's exhibition at the Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art in Seoul, \Shooting the Elephant \u8c61 Thinking the Elephant,\ the visitor will encounter installations and sculptures composed of bright brass bells, electric fans, light bulbs, and Venetian blinds, all involved in a dance of movement, light, texture, and sound.
Todd Williamson Creates a Zone of Tranquility at The Rymer Gallery. The flourishing visual art scene in Nashville is not just the glitz and glam Music City you've seen in the tv show Nashville. This is a city filled with contemporary art galleries commanding the attention of a broad, educated, and well, wealthy audience.
100 Walkers\ Subverts in West Hollwood on April 18. It's disingenuous that nobody walks in LA--we have a become a stroller's paradise, with art walks abounding in every neighborhood.
An Artist Confronts His Possible Futures. Following the death of both parents, 46 year-old artist Philip Toledano decided to confront his own future... by ordering a DNA test.
Cellist Zuill Bailey - On Nico Muhly and Ernest Bloch. Cellist Zuill Bailey's latest recording, Muhly & Bloch, combines the world premiere recording of Nico Muhly's Cello Concerto with Ernest Bloch's Schelomo and Three Jewish Poems.
\Ways of Treating Buildings in Order to See Them\. In 1992, Emily Harvey, a New York gallerist known for her support of the international avant-garde community, conceived of The Cast Iron Court Corporation Group Show, a curatorial project to be held in her SoHo building, 537 Broadway/110 Mercer Street, the last of George Maciunas's 16 Fluxhouses. It was an exhibit that somehow never materialized.
Theater. Two musicals set in Paris opened on Broadway within four days of each other. Both are shows that began as musicals created for the movies, something almost unheard of today unless you're an animated princess.
Hofesh Shechter's 'Untouchable' at the Royal Ballet, Sandwiched by Sturdy Classics. Tuesday night's performance of Four T's was not as uniformly bracing as generally seen across the pond, though Robert Clark on piano and the Royal Opera House orchestra under Barry Wordsworth gave a crisp account of the Hindemith score.
Miami Art, Not Miami Vice, Attracts Aficionados. Two people walk into a bar... and find an exquisite Sir Henry Moore marble sculpture mounted on a pedestal in a fountain adorning a five-star hotel lobby's atrium. It's not your typical joke punchline.
Aisle View. Seekers of provocative, invigorating and entertaining theatre--musical or dramatic--will find it at Circle in the Square. To those who think that Fun Home doesn't sound like their sort of entertainment
The 7 Lamps of Architecture Criticism. In December, Architect magazine columnist Aaron Betsky listed his \best and worst\ events from 2014. Among the \reasons to despair,\ he announced, was \The New York Times' abandonment of serious criticism of architecture.\
15 Color-Drenched Photos That Will Make You Taste The Rainbow. 
Photographer Captures Absolutely Mind-Bending Crowd Shots From EDM Festivals. 
Michael Govan and Dave Hickey Discuss Land Artist Michael Heizer's 'City'. In contrast, there are few images of Heizer's current project under construction, as the site is not yet open to the public. Govan shows us two aerial images, one of the \City\ site, and the other of the Washington D.C. National Mall.
O'Casey's Plays Return to Stage at Philly Irish Theater. O'Casey, one of Ireland's greatest 20th century playwrights, appeared as a natural choice for the theater to produce three of his greatest works starting this spring with The Shadow of a Gunman.
Emily Johnson Shares SHORE in Lenapehoking/New York City. Emily Johnston / Catalyst launches the Lenapehoking (New York City) installment of SHORE on Sunday April 19th, with gatherings and events taking place at various locations April 19-26, and performances at New York Live Arts happening April 23-25.
For the Love of People. 
Selling Impressionism. On a cool, damp spring morning in London, it is a great pleasure to walk into the National Gallery to bask in the sunny landscapes of Monet, Pissarro, and their friends.
This Year's Activist Awards Showcase Some Of The World's Most Impactful Photography. 
Photography Perspectives and Tricks. 
What Happened When Two Artists Used Snail Mail To Explore Our Obsession With Data. 
This Awesome Self-Portrait Project Puts the 'Terrific' in 'Hipsterrific'. 
The Light in the Piazza. McVicar's choice to treat the operas as two separate pieces is interesting. Yes, they're two different pieces by two different composers, but they share multiple common themes. Pagliacci's composition was, in fact, inspired by Cavalleria.
Profoundly Bizarre Drawings Confront The State Of Racism In America Today. 
First Nighter. he sequence encapsulated everything Schwartz needed to say to make her dramatic point.  Were it to stand alone, lyricist Schwartz and composer-lyricist Almond would be in good stead.
Meet The Anonymous Artists Behind The Digital Print Pseudonym, Frank Moth. 
An American in Paris On Broadway. As An American in Paris opens at the Palace Theater, a Nazi flag seemingly draped over an entire city, drops down and floats away. The city is Paris, its narrow streets dour until we get to a caf\u00e9, where an American soldier, Jerry meets an American composer.
Blood Ain't Always Thicker Than Water. Two recent stories (one on film, the other onstage) highlight the role an extended family can play in the lives of ordinary people. While the situations in these two stories are wildly different, they point to the need for connection and inclusion as well as a sense of spiritual, intellectual, and emotional intimacy.
Finding 'Home' in Laura Borneman's Mixed Genre Work. Laura Borneman hails from Buffalo, New York, and has finally, after years of wandering, \returned home.\ By this I mean, she has returned to living in Buffalo, New York, after years of wandering around the United States; and her work quite tangibly is all about the idea of \home.\
Art as Investment. In February, the art market was shocked by the news that Marina Picasso, granddaughter of Pablo Picasso and heiress to about 10,000 works by the artist, plans to sell an indefinite number of works to finance and broaden her philanthropy.
Bill Nighy and Carey Mulligan Renew Old Lovers' Quarrels. Breaking up may be hard to do, but getting back together is near impossible, though Bill Nighy and Carey Mulligan give it a game try with searing performances in a spirited and caustic revival of Skylight, David Hare's one-night stand of lovers' recriminations.
Aisle View. There's a rip-roaring, malevolently Machiavellian, viciously nasty, blood-letting saga of intrigue and incest on view just now. No, not in the cloistered cloakrooms of the U.S. House of Representatives; no incest there, presumably.
First Nighter. Reviewers are not expected to be kind but to be fair.  Every once in a while, though, a reviewer feels the need to be kind.  Clinton The Musical (note no colon) has generated that feeling in me.
One Artist Imagines What Our Urban World Would Look Like After The Next Ice Age. 
Death and the Dysfunctional American Family. Two recent productions by small theatre companies in Berkeley focused on fictional American families with more than enough misery to go around.
Theater. The king must have a son. That's the simple, overriding fact that powers the action of the new drama Wolf Hall; that and the fact that King Henry VIII (Nathaniel Parker) has a wandering eye and once he's had a woman he loses interest.
David Allan Peters at Ameringer | McEnery | Yohe. David Allan Peters, has been building heavily layered paintings that he carves into to reveal rich stratigraphies of color. Kaleidoscopic in their intensity, Peters' works are both intuitive excavations and explorations of pattern.
Is Borecore The New Normcore, Or Just The Way We Live Now?. 
EverydayClimateChange. 
Millie Brown's Post-Abstract Expressionist \Rainbow Body\ (PHOTOS). Millie Brown's \Rainbow Body\ presents the evolution of the artist's most recognized methods of performance-based painting.
An Avant-Garde Master Gets a Belated Retrospective in Zurich. While much of Schawinsky's time at the Bauhaus was a formative creative period, it also impressed upon him how inseparable art was from the political culture around it.
Running in Tap Shoes. \Watch out,\ Janine Molinari laughs, flashing me a megawatt smile. \They're gonna come at you!\ No sooner has the acclaimed choreographer-director-dance teacher spoken than her students, 20 of Broadway's finest child performers, come barreling toward me.
Ran Blake and Film Noir. An extraordinary improvising musician who styles himself a \noir pianist,\ Ran celebrates his 80th birthday on August 20 this year. He can look back, and indeed forward, at a life spent entirely in music as a performer and as an educator.
Sinatra's Centennial Year To Be Honored With Special NYC Concert. 
An Eye-Opening Look At School Playgrounds Around The World. 
Music I (Mostly) Hold Dear. The String Quartet was initiated by Joseph Haydn. His pieces were written for, and performed by, the educated amateur, often an aristocrat and his friends and family. It was parlor music in the best sense of that phrase.
This Gorgeous 'Live' Sculpture Explores History's Obsession With Hair. 
Sharjah Biennial 12. The plaintive cry of the mizmar undulates through the air. Ahead of the musicians, four men, impeccably dressed in high street fashion, lead the funeral procession with heads held high. But they don't walk in mournful solemnity. They strut.
Are Basquiat's Brooklyn Notebooks and Kahlo's Painful Detroit Experience of Any Artistic Value?. I believe that Diego Rivera's and Frida Kahlo's frescoes, currently at the Detroit Institute of Arts and Jean Michel Basquiat; The Unknown Notebooks, currently at the Brooklyn Museum since last Friday, are examples of a curatorial trend in which the life of the artists is transformed into the source of artistic value of the art displayed.
David Rockwell's New York City. To celebrate Rockwell Group's 30th anniversary, Crane.tv sat down with the founder and creative mind of the architecture firm, to talk about four projects that have shaped his career as much as the city.
As Important as the Intended Artwork Is Selecting the Right Print Studio or Foundry. Art is often a solitary pursuit but, sometimes, even the most reclusive artists must seek out the help and services of others.
Why We Must Value Languages. If we don't actively counter the forces of cultural homogenization, the morbidity and mortality rates among languages will continue to climb.
Drive-Thru 2. The Drive-Thru is a natural subject for me as I like to paint places that people don't go to be there, this one is a drive-thru pharmacy.
Inside The Mind Of The World's Naughtiest Children's Book Illustrator. 
Magic To Do. Two new documentaries show how acting affects different types of personalities. One focuses on an unusual group of Chinese students involved in a musical theatre project in Hong Kong. The other pays tribute to one of the greatest talents (and egos) in the history of film and theatre.
The Composers Speak. These writers have made their names in musical theater, but they value the opportunity to compose and be recognized for their choral music.
Anna Deavere Smith on the 44th Jefferson Lecture and the Search for American Character. Humanities, the arts, words, culture, character, the language that people really speak when they speak to each other -- oh, these are creatively deep waters for somebody like Anna Deavere Smith to swim through.
Forgiveness for Mother and Child. 
Modern Movies And TV Shows Get The 80s VHS Covers You Didn't Know They Needed. 
From Here to 'Afar'. That feeling of being in two places, two time periods, at once, is part of the experience of a remarkable exhibit on view through May 24 at the Contemporary Jewish Museum in San Francisco (CJM), a video and sound installation by Hungarian artist P\u00e9ter Forg\u00e1cs.
First Nighter. Would the 21 dancers of Flexn, directed by Reggie (Regg Roc) Gray and Peter Sellars, object to their movement styles being described as break-dancing hiked to another level?
La Sapienza. It's in fact part of the narrative that Rome's Sant'Ivo alla Sapienza is at first off limits, much like the recondite knowledge of heaven, earth and esthetics that's the film seeks to explore.
20 Photographs That Prove Negative Space Can Be Positively Gorgeous. 
Syzygy, an Alignment of Two Aesthetic Visions. The idea behind this exhibition is one of hope, one that combines classical painting techniques of the past and brings them with us into the 21st Century, into what we call a post contemporary paradigm.
EMS Nude Survey 1 Opens April 3. While some of the images may have local bluestocking blue-hairs clutching their pearls before the scales fall from their eyes, the less provincial and parochial will be able to appreciate what Swenson calls humanity's most fundamental drive -- sexuality, seen through the eyes of over thirty artists.
Art Digest. Wokka-wokka-wokka-wokka. I'm taking a break from the amazing Pac-Man Google Maps take-over to bring you what's buzzing in the art world. Read up and own the cocktail party this weekend! Here are our favorite stories of the week.
Interview With Yan Pei Ming. Yan Pei Ming is, perhaps, one of the best examples of what it means today to be an artist in a global world -- where human beings, in a particularly dramatic way, are confronting experiences of solitude and death.
Photographer David Yarrow Brings a South Sudanese Cattle Herd to the Las Vegas Strip. Yarrow tells us he is always looking for the perfect combination of angle, light and composition that will allow him to achieve his goal of \one moment of excellence.\ His audience laughs when he declares that in this process, he \takes more bad pictures than the rest of you put together.\
This Is What An Affair Looks Like (NSFW). 
First Nighter. You don't hear the term \grand opera\ much anymore. That's if you hear it at all. But it's going to be revived right now in regards to the opening night performance of Giuseppe Verdi's Don Carlo at the Metropolitan Opera House.
Art, War, Gold. It's been exactly nine years since the glorious day when Michael Govan, the newly appointed Director of Los Angeles County Museum of Art, greeted a larger than usual crowd at a press opening in March of 2006.
Buckminster Fuller Talks 'The Geodesic Life' In Rare, Animated Interview. 
Explosive Illusions. The sun was up. A weekday. Seemed the perfect moment to cycle over to see the new blockbuster exhibit of Diego Velasquez, the 17th century Spanish master whose works are scarcely known in France.
The Art of Activating Archives. Someone who is at home walking the streets south of 14th Street, the cobblestones of Greenwich Village and SoHo and the black-top of the Lower East Side.
Quietly Looking at These Beautiful Bodies at the British Museum in Times of Grindr. I truly believe that the exhibition Defining Beauty
The Mayhem Of 'Murphy'. Most of us have heard of \Murphy's Law\ by now.  It goes; \Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.\  It most circumstances the outcome of \Murphy's Law\ is little more than a minor inconvenience.
Celtic Canadian Connections. Like the folk musics of Spain and North America, the music of Wales has a long and deep connection with that of Ireland; from the bardic schools of the middle ages, which sent harpers and singers between them, to today's folk revival, the two countries have influenced each other unceasingly for centuries.
The Worlds of Art and Activism Collide. Noah Fischer has been working to expose the exploitative labor conditions that the Guggenheim has undertaken building its museum in Abu Dhabi, and is a strategist and organizer of direct actions on the topic of debt.
Atlantic for Kids Brings Lisa Loeb's Musical and More to NYC. As arts education continues to get cut across the country, someone needs to pick up the slack. There need to be more affordable shows that parents can take children to see.  So I am happy that Atlantic for Kids exists.
'A Hundred Tons of Memory'. During the spellbinding evening, Pamuk mentioned that he does not really believe in utopias in general, and said that humanity has created \a hundred tons of memory,\ but only one hundred grams of utopia.
How The Rise Of The Middle Class Shaped American Folk Art. 
The Art Money 20. 
Paul Rand. Perhaps the most recognizable poster created by Paul Rand is the one he made for IBM, with its clean iconic triad, the eye, the bee, with the alphabet letter M, striped to match the body of the bee, to complete the rhebus.
These Stunning Vintage Car Photos Will Make You Feel The Wind In Your Hair. 
60 Years Of Jane Doe Portraits Give Nameless Women The Attention They Deserve. 
Does Ballet Have a Color?. It is so odd to feel like an outsider on an issue that touched my life so profoundly and was at least a part of what Arthur Mitchell set out to address 46 years ago when he and Karel Shook cofounded The Dance Theatre of Harlem in the basement of a church in Harlem.
The Evocative Photos Of Aleksandr Rodchenko, Who Changed The Way We See Photography. 
Using Urban Observation to \Ghost-Bust\ Cities. I saw a ghost, of a missing building from a boyhood memory -- something that Amazon might have retrofitted, today, if it were still there for the taking.
Watch A Love Story Unravel As Two Male Dancers Break Your Heart With Their Muscular Bodies. 
Step Inside The Middle East's Hippest Art Neighborhood. 
Exclusive Video. At last week's big soiree to celebrate Stockard Channing's prolific career, it seemed very fitting to call the event, \Six Degrees of Stockard Channing.\ In fact, after much calculating, it was discovered that Channing can be linked to every show on Broadway within six degrees.
Comedian Robert Dubac Talks About Settling Down, What Women Really Want and Performing His One-Man Show. I noticed immediately when I met him that Robert Dubac has a warmth about him that you don't expect from a comedian; maybe it's a result of his choice to live in Telluride, Colorado or perhaps its due to the fact that he is really a deep thinker with philosophical thoughts evident in his comedy.
The Mesmerizing Photographs of Eva Schlegel Arrive at Park Hyatt Vienna. Eva Schlegel is best known for her photographic portraits that focus in front or behind her subjects, but never on the subjects themselves. These create blurry images that are distinctly human, but devoid of self.
Night at the Museum. On Thursday, The Guggenheim Museum hosted its annual Young Collector's Party.  The evening supported The Guggenheim Museum in its pursuit to procure works by emerging contemporary artists.
Ryder Ripps. 
Connecting The Misogyny Of The Internet To The 'Super-Male' World Of Sculpture. 
Back to the Future. When I first started creating an original folk opera, 1854, I knew I would need to do a lot of research.  After all, I was writing about a specific time on Martha's Vineyard that was populated with historical characters, many of whom still had family living on this island.
Midcentury in Paris. Much like the 1970s punk rock scene belonged to New York and Los Angeles was the birthplace of 1950s film noir, no locale is more synonymous with Modernism than Paris. Aspiring and established artists alike flocked from around the world to access the creative energy.
New Music Review. From the first few rhythmic beats of the opening track, \Go Far,\ I was hooked. Soulful sound? Check. Appealing, familiar tonality? Check. Thought-provoking and inspiring lyrics? Check.
Notes on Moonlust by The Holydrug Couple. Sacred Bones Records here in Brooklyn is one of my favorite record labels to emerge in recent years. One of their latest releases is Moonlust by The Holydrug Couple.
Standing Ovation for 'KODO' at BAM. Truly Mr. Bando with 'KODO' producer Nobuyuki Nishimura achieved this with their amazing ensemble of 15 performers, who transformed from dragons to musician's, from athletes to actors. With excellent choreography by Kazumi Boy and lighting design by Kenichi Mashiko, the stage was truly trafficking magic.
A 'Beautiful' Match Made In Musical Heaven. 
Director Scott Schwartz Takes on Disney's Hunchback. It is unclear what the future holds for this Hunchback. Another Disney project, Newsies, went from Paper Mill to Broadway not so long ago. The same could happen for Hunchback, but then it could not. For his part, Scott Schwartz is just enjoying the ride.
Recognize The Importance (And Beauty) Of H2O In Honor Of World Water Day. 
You're Probably Suffering From Mind-Blowing Content Nausea Right Now. 
Street Artist Alice Pasquini On The Magic Of Creating Art In Public Spaces. As an artist who works outside, you always have one problem
The Lomax Connection. The group's challenge was familiar to anyone in traditional music
What Bacteria And Smell Have To Do With Feminism Today. 
Love and Murder. Sean E. Zilke's new play is at once an indictment of the animalistic horrors committed by the human race and, adversely, the unbreakable bonds of a loving family. Through this production we are given a rare peek into the endless potential of an important creative voice.
Step Inside A Shipping Container And Speak Face-To-Face With Strangers Around The World. 
Why Do the English Insist on Showing Rubens If They Dislike Him So Much?. The Royal Academy's Rubens and His Legacy raises more questions than answers and make me wonder why the English find it so difficult to understand or even tolerate him. The clearest example of this confusion comes from the exhibition's fiercest critic, The Guardian's Jonathan Jones.
Yup, We Can't Believe These Were Taken Free of Charge Either. 
Iconic Surfaces. In Casselman's case, the familiarity with textures, coupled with the thick, tactile, earthy nature of clay that he manipulated with rubber and metal-edged \ribs,\ naturally and eventually carried over to his unique approach to painting, which he has been exploring for over twenty-five years.
Burkina Faso's Brick Quarries. Burkina Faso is a small, landlocked country in West Africa, where American photographer David Pace spends time each year. Some of the areas Pace explores during his trips are the brick quarries.
Bernstein's Seemingly Simple Song. When I was eleven years old, my brother, who two years earlier had turned me on to Jesus Christ Superstar, played me MASS.
Student Actors, Now Read This!. For those of you who have been in the throws of the college audition process, things are finally beginning to wind down. You may now be twiddling your thumbs, having completed the whirlwind of applications, travel and a series of high stakes auditions.
Queen Victoria's Secret:Lifting the Fig Leaf. The cast of Michelangelo's \David\, taken from the original marble figure now in the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence, was an early and unexpected acquisition for the fledgling Museum at South Kensington.
Go Back Inside a Video Store...One Last Time. This nostalgic trip is superbly captured in Thomas Hodge's new ode to the videocassette era, VHS Video Cover Art, which contains over 240 full-scale video sleeves according to genre, just like an actual video store.
One Photographer-Dancer Is Taking Ballet Selfies All Across Berlin. 
First Nighter. Doug Wright loves to wrangle with deceased figures of greater or lesser fame, and in Posterity, at the Atlantic's Linda Gross Theatre, he comes up with a humdinger.
First Nighter. During the On the Twentieth Century revival -- a musical comedy vehicle about a vehicle -- any number of Broadway veterans, including Kristin Chenoweth and Peter Gallagher, are working at the top of their forms.  On the job and giving their all throughout, they're offering patrons plenty of cause to be entertained.
Actors Equity's Threat to Los Angeles Theater. A union that is over a hundred years old should not put itself at risk of splitting apart, simply because of a hidebound leadership mired in the past. While the union movement across the country is in a fight for its life, the last thing it needs is for union leaders to hasten its demise.
Stage Door. The Audience has some interesting moments and a first-rate cast, but it is hard to see its relevance to a U.S. audience. It's doubtful many Americans know Harold Wilson or Anthony Eden.  That doesn't detract from Stephen Daldry's solid direction or Bob Crowley's august set design.
Queen Victoria's Power. 
Handwritten Letters From Frida Kahlo, Andy Warhol, Alexander Calder And More. 
We Asked, You Answered. 
At Williams College, Andy Warhol Casts His Queer Eye On Books. 
On the Edge. Art Central has kicked off in Hong Kong, a day ahead of Art Basel - positioning itself not as a rival but as a satellite showcase for less established artists, as well as some of the giants of global contemporary art.
Bj\u00f6rk's First Music Video From Vulnicura Has Her Literally Baring Her Heart. 
Switzerland at the Geffen Playhouse. Crime novelist Patricia Highsmith was renowned for her intense psychological thrillers, particularly her series featuring the murderer Tom Ripley, but she was also known for her reclusive, abrasive and even hateful personality.
Envision Festival Costa Rica 2015. 
Love, Multiplied. 
Mons Pubescent. The Sports Illustrated issue has raised some eyebrows, but when you scour the newsstand to see what all the hullabaloo is about you almost need to be told that something provocative is going on.
5 Things to Know About Bjork's MoMa Retrospective. \How do you hang a song on a wall?\ This was Bjork's main concern when Klaus Biesenbach, current Chief Curator at Large at the Museum of Modern Art, first approached her about mounting an exhibition of her work, way back in the year 2000.
Painting Through Israel. What I find unique about painting on site is that I can observe and learn about a culture -- not only am I painting, but I am listening to the conversations and observing while also interacting directly with my subject.  The downside, at least on this trip were ants, flies, cats and rain.
Indecent Intentions. 
Manipulated Satellite Photos Reveal A Multicolored Universe Exploding With Geometry. 
Tomi Ungerer. While there were instances where one could reflect on the history Ungerer moved through, at other times, you could see your naked self reflected back in the work. There is an almost healing potion that absolves you of your pain by experiencing the Ungerer's placement of it.
Ron Arad's Riveting Car Sculptures Arrive At Paul Kasmin Gallery. Ron Arad may be known for the products he's designed in the past five decades, like the sleek Tom Vac chair he designed for Vitra in 1999 or the winding Bookworm shelf he created for Kartell in 1994, but in recent years the industrial designer has been exploring his artistic side.
A 3D Font That Reads Like Text, But Can Be Viewed Like Sculpture. 
Speaking With Somi. Last year I had the pleasure and honor to become acquainted with Somi, an amazing jazz singer who was then about to release her album, The Lagos Music Salon. I found her to be thoughtful, sincere, and an awesome talent.
Retired Det. Sonny Grosso Will be Smiling on St. Patrick's Day to the Pipes and Drums. On St. Paddy's Day, Sonny Grosso along with the Irish eyes of the late Det. Egan and his namesake Cardinal Edward Egan, who recently passed, will all be smiling down on New York.
The Readymade Is Already Made. Of the twentieth-century art gods (Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse, Marcel Duchamp, Jackson Pollock and Andy Warhol), Marcel Duchamp elicits no middle road. He is either revered as a godlike figure of contemporary art or disdained as a charlatan.
Is Disability In?. I look forward to the day when art imitates life and people with disabilities are not portrayed in film only as victims or the heroes, but also as the woman behind the counter, or the best friend, or the love interest. This is the true reality in our world. People with disabilities can be anyone.
This Is Lizzo, The Grrrl Rapper Who's Making No-Genre Music Just For You. 
This Abandoned House Will Be Entirely Filled With Flowers. 
Collected Stories. As time goes on (six years to be exact), two women go from teacher to student to friends to equals and finally rivals, as the unthinkable happens and a huge betrayal occurs.
Aisle View. The Audience gives us Ms. Mirren, but is likely to be a one-shot arrow. The star's performance is more than enough to carry the day, and carry the play, to surefire success; while Elizabeth The Queen has her supporters and her detractors, Mirren's canny and well-rounded performance is sure to garner unanimous huzzahs.
Happy Birthday, Stephen Schwartz!. Mr. Schwartz, thank you so much for your incredible music. It's brought me and countless others a great deal of joy and helped form incredible friendships that mean the world to us.
Here's The Dance Opera That's Being Filmed Inside A Particle Accelerator. 
Run, Don't Walk, to Final Days of Natvar Bhavsar Exhibit at Tower49 Gallery N.Y.C.. Rang Rasa incorporates two Sanskrit words that express an ecstatic spirituality achieved through color and the practice of one's art -- they also aptly define the aesthetic sensibilities and ethereal aspects of Natvar Bhavsar's work.
5 Things to Know About Hamdy Reda. Though known as a photographer, Hamdy in fact creates photographic works that capture a kind of durational performance art. He's taken, for instance, thousands of photos of the desert that describe the infinitely wide color range of that terrain.
Nasim Nasr's Zaeefeh (The Wretchedness) and Shadi (Happiness), GAGPROJECTS Adelaide/Berlin at the 2015 Art Dubai. What one extracts from both series hinges on the definition that one brings to art. So, as in the case of any one of the Zaeefeh pieces, a literal reading would be one of disrespect if not blasphemy, putting what amounts to graffiti on the portraits of shahs.
Surveillance.02. The second in a series, Surveillance.02 is an exhibit of interdisciplinary artists whose practices incorporate camera, satellite, and drone to question corporate and state surveillance, and energy production. It is the result of three seeds, planted over the course of the past year and a half.
Stage Door. Ambition can be both exciting and theatrical -- a challenge Lin-Manuel Miranda has realized to great effect in the clever and electric musical Hamilton, now off-Broadway at the Public Theater.
France Wants To Punish Facebook For Censoring A Painting of A Vagina. Terrible Idea.. 
Bj\u00f6rk Retrospective at MoMA, New York (VIDEO). The exhibition presents Bj\u00f6rk's oeuvre in many layers, with instruments, a theatrical presentation, an immersive sound experience, a focused audio guide, and related visualizations, from photography and music videos to new media works.
'Wet Hot American Summer... the play?', Garage Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Concept-wise, it's intelligent and daring. Intelligent because of the metanarrative (a play about a play) that informs the whole thing. Bold because it shows how two negatives make a positive. It uses source material that was a box office flop and a critical disaster.
First Nighter. George Bernard Shaw's Man and Superman isn't produced very often, in part because of its length.  To be more precise, the entire script isn't frequently staged.  The third act, \Don Juan in Hell\--the sequence often considered responsible for its ungainly length--is, however, excerpted more than occasionally.
Yup, We Can't Believe These Were Taken On An iPhone Either. 
The Reality Behind Nixon and Khrushchev's Kitchen Debate. To see how pictures can change the reality, and make the history, just take a look at before and after of an iconic photo taken by Elliott Erwitt unearthed in Magnum's \Contact Sheets\ documentary.
An Exile Artist From Iraq Paints Herself Into Ancient Illustrated Manuscripts. 
Eating Art. Off I went to the Lower East Side seeking nourishment at the new Castor Gallery, featuring young, upcoming artists.
Ayoub Qanir Takes Time to Cannes. What do you get when you mix a finance manager, artist, industrial designer, and a nanotechnologist? A film writer and director that knows how to steal Time.
The Case for Spotify. It's been a few years now since I began paying for Spotify's premium service, and to my enormous surprise I think I've been converted. Sure, I still buy some CDs and download albums that I think I'll want in my \permanent\ collection. But most of my listening these days has been on Spotify. And, I've begun to understand why.
Karen Finley Did It First. Blake Little's portraits of Craigslist models, a dog and a baby covered in honey are terrific. Beautiful work. But let's give credit to Karen Finley for the original idea... and for doing it first. Nearly 10 years ago, actually.
Sara Zielinski Interviews Sara Zielinski. In advance of her show ONLY IN HEAVEN, Sara Zielinski had the chance to ask Sara Zielinski a few questions about the unique nature of the show. It takes place in her apartment and features a wide variety of media.
Meet Hilary Knight, The Illustrator Who Brought To Life The World Of Eloise. 
How The World Of Crime Photography Has Changed Since 1920. 
Dustin Yellin Is Shredding $10,000 For The Sake Of Art, And It's Pretty Damn Beautiful. 
8 Fairs to Visit During Armory Week. Whether you're a film aficionado, a young collector, a fan of emerging art or merely interested in getting a finger on the pulse of what's going on in the art world at the present moment, there's plenty to do.
A Conversation With Luke Ingham, Principal Dancer at San Francisco Ballet. Luke appeared as the Nutcracker Prince in this season's opening night performance of the Tchaikovsky favorite. Yuan Yuan Tan joined him in the brilliant Grand Pas de Deux of Act II. The duo proved dynamic. \I'm at the stage where I still really enjoy doing Nutcracker,\ he said.
The Singapore Mikado in Brooklyn. On Saturday night I was delighted to see Theater 2020's The Singapore Mikado, an adaptation of that great work of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan.
Interview With Fernando Botero. The Fernando Botero (Medell\u00edn, Colombia - 1932) art collection is one of the 50 most important museum collections in the world. As a palette, paint, and brush artist, his hands have never stopped working.
The Oscars Of The GIF World Needs You. Kindly turn your attention to the only Vice-approved ceremony of awards season
(R)evolution as Contemporary Body. Unsettled Matter settles the matter of Unseen through the very timeliness of what is \seen\... the shadow of the authentic artist arising from under the eclipse of the 24/7 celebrity culture.
Carlos N\u00fa\u00f1ez Concert Honoring Alan Lomax's Spanish Fieldwork. Lomax, who lived in Europe for most of the 1950s because he had been blacklisted at home, loved Galician music, and  shared Carlos's belief that Galicia was essentially Celtic, which greatly colored his fieldwork.
The Entrepreneurial Pianist. It's with this same kind of lightness that he approaches the piano bench. His curly, rebellious and untamed hair plays its own part in this unusual pianist's performances.
Paul Taylor's Legacy Plan Champions Modern Dance. What is the life of a painting? In an artist's hands, a previously anonymous canvas and a random assortment of paint suddenly becomes not only an expression of an idea, but a commodity that often lives beyond the artist himself.
'The Real Thing', Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre at Long Beach, California. Mostly well done, Tom Stoppard's The Real Thing, directed by Sean Gray for the Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre, recounts the story of Henry (Noah Wagner), a brilliant and celebrated playwright.
Hand. Cannot. Erase. -- An Interview With Steven Wilson. His latest effort is a full-fledged concept album. Hand. Cannot. Erase. is nothing short of an epic tale\u00a0of modern-day isolation. Wilson wrote the songs from a female perspective, finding inspiration for the concept and story in the\u00a0fascinating case of Joyce Carol Vincent.
A Heavenly Match. The sight never fails to thrill
This Blessed Music Video Turns Doodling Into A Spiritual Experience. 
The Record Shop, Episode #2. Lewis, sitting at counter, reading Ulysses. Customer walks in, wearing jeans, t-shirt and a knit hat.
India's Biggest Art Star Is Not A Pipe. 
Adorable Photos Of Men And Cats Prove Few Things Are More Manly Than Cat Ownership. 
My Night Out. Broadway's Honeymoon in Vegas has the electricity of the city after which it is titled.
Anne-Sophie Mutter - A Profile of the Artist. \First of all, at every concert, I always think -- this could be my last. Therefore, I will give it everything I have.\
A Visit to Henri Matisse. After enduring intense surgery for his cancer, Matisse was bed- and chair-ridden and could no longer cultivate works through traditional methods of drawing and sculpting.  And so he picked up a pair of scissors and inevitably birthed a new medium of art.
The Immersive and Minimal Black & White Mountain Landscape Photography of Scott Rinckenberger. 
Opera Is Dead?. Recent catastrophes like the lockouts in Minnesota and Atlanta at least brought to the fore questions about how to fund these organizations, what can be cut and what can't be cut, what one community can manage (rather than a cookie-cutter approach), what a community needs and thus will stretch for.
Don't Rain on Her Parade. It seems Kimberly was destined to play bold, brassy, determined ladies of the twentieth century - -women who defied the odds of class, ethnicity and appearance to get exactly where they wanted to go.
Manhattan's 'Dry Line' Will Look Something Like This.... 
The Newly Renovated Harvard Art Museums. As I walked up the familiar steps and entrance everything seemed as it had been during my time as a student.  The inside, however, was quite different and the courtyard was bathed in light, still surrounded by some familiar artwork.
The Amazing London Museum You Never Heard Of. 
Autopsy of a Fraud. I just learned from Alexandra Hildebrandt Hoy, Fred Hildebrandt's daughter, that her father did not write a diary account of this Canadian camping trip with Norman Rockwell in 1934. By this account, the diary that Deborah Solomon refers to in her biography of my grandfather does not exist; it never did.
This Is The 'Degenerate' Art Once Banned By Hitler. 
Bellydancing Gave Her Confidence and a Pain-Free Body. Mention bellydancing to most Americans and they'll envision sultry slave girls in a James Bond movie or sex workers in a tawdry lap dance club.
The Last Five Years' Richard Lagravanese. With The Last Five Years, Lagravanese was aiming small. He wasn't seeking out the mall crowds but that bijou contingent of folks who can tell the difference between Kelli O'Hara and Patti Lupone.
A Living Room of One's Own. Western Society, like its namesake, actually requires your participation in the system to make meaning. Western Society has four performers -- like the four original viewers of the video -- who have now brought this slice of life reality to a broader audience.
The Threepenny Opera at A Noise Within. A Noise Within, one of the nation's premier classical repertory companies, has mounted an ambitious, if somewhat tame, revival of the Brecht/Weill classic.  With a solid ensemble cast, the company mounts a faithful and spirited rendition of the timeless Threepenny Opera.
First Nighter. Almost immediately after Tom Stoppard's new and intellectually thrilling play, The Hard Problem, at the National Theatre's Dorfman, begins, the just-about-peerless playwright has his characters discourse on the title's reference.  It's a good thing he does.
'Humans of New York'. Stanton is the author of a New York Times bestseller, with a Facebook page with 12 million followers and a partnership with the United Nations. But his story hasn't always been so glamorous.
London Says Goodbye to The Scottsboro Boys. At the end of the show, the cast sings \Say Goodbye to the Scottsboro Boys.\ It is an entertaining, show biz, but powerfully complex number, infused with anger. It grabs the audience. The actors have done what they have set out to do. They have told their story their way.
First Nighter. When Peter Barnes decided the ruling English class was nutty, he created Jack Gurney and wrote The Ruling Class, a hellzapoppin satire during most of which Gurney (James McAvoy) contends he's Jesus.
Meet Eric Dyer, The Modern Master Of The Zoetrope. 
BERLINALE 2015 EVENT. The quantum wave cresting for the past two years in Berlin collapsed in the EVENT that was the 65th Internationale Filmfestspiele Berlin.
Brett Novak. Looking at Brett Novak's work, the most astonishing thing is the beauty of his cinematic gaze. His videos act both as a reflection of and a medium between capturing the experience of skateboarding and different places and their spatial potential.
Helping Children Understand Ferguson... Through Art. 
These Gorgeous Maps Show The World's Great Cities From A Local's POV. 
The 10 most creative Instagram accounts to follow. 
Here's What The Insides Of Marriage Really Look Like, According To An Artist. 
Here's What Might Happen If Persephone, Goddess Of Spring, Were A Millennial. 
Lessons From the Spring Festival. Becoming a modern nation does not mean acquiring Western trappings wholesale. It does not mean discarding Chinese values. Today's China has roots that stretch back thousands of years and unite the Chinese as a people.
Obama's Presidential Library Will Look Something Like This.... 
Only in Ohio. When you think of a full orchestra backing up a contemporary musical act, you probably imagine an established artists like Lady Gaga, Bono or maybe Beyonce\u00b4 at the Grammys.
The Iceman Cometh. The house was packed, and after the performance concluded everyone stood on their feet to applaud passionately; the cast deserved no less than claps of thunder, the electricity permeated the room.
This Dark and Gripping Time-Lapse Captures San Francisco Like You've Never Seen it Before. Roiling fog, cars speeding across iconic bridges, late night cityscapes, all of these are commonplace in a city time-lapse. What makes Gotham City SF different is that all of this happens in black and white -- almost unheard of in time-lapse these days -- with an original soundtrack worthy of the next TRON movie.
When Photography Becomes More Than Just Taking Pictures. We wanted to take the best photograph ever taken in Myanmar.   My guide, MM, and I were tired of the same stale images being photographed of his country over and over.  We felt we could do something better and if not better at least more original. Of course we are as guilty as all the other photographers that took the same tried and true photographs, great images initially but ones that were starting to bore us.
Stage Door. The power of theater will be aptly demonstrated at the SoHo Playhouse, which is devoting three nights, February 19, 20 and 21, for \Breaking the Silence With Girl Be Heard\, a unique theatrical work that highlights the global issues surrounding violence against women.
The Rocky Road to Self-Awareness. Getting to know yourself better, deeper, and more intimately has fallen under all kinds of labels from meditation to masturbation, from navel gazing to spiritual grazing. The truth is, some people embrace self-examination while others are forced to confront themselves in a mirror.
Dennis Hare. I recently interviewed Dennis Hare, and asked him about his background, artistic development and influences.
Response. Millions of Americans tuned in for the Grammys, and many were dazzled, amazed, and touched by the emotionally-charged, nude leotard clad performance of Sia's Chandelier by Kristen Wiig and Maddie Ziegler.
First Nighter. When I was at college, a favorite pastime of mine was sitting around with a bunch of other procrastinators keen on determining the most important person of the 20th century.  I maintained it was Winston Churchill.
Demiurge. I have now and then heard artists likened to the demiurge - Plato's word for the divinity that made the cosmos. This never made a visceral impression on me until I saw how Assael paints. He summons an image the way the Genesis demiurge summons the universe.
Warning. 
Examining The Often Overlooked Wonder Of Bridges, Overpasses And Viaducts. 
Texas 'Draw the Prophet' Contest is Shameless Muslim-Baiting. 
10 Famous Paintings That Will Make You Feel Happy You DON'T Have A Valentine. 
A Valentine Homage To O'Keeffe And Stieglitz. Georgia O'Keeffe was a 28 year old Wisconsin farm girl; Alfred Stieglitz was a 52 year old New York bon vivant. Stieglitz intimately photographed his muse throughout their tumultuous, erotically charged marriage.
Boys Will Be Boys. What gives some musicals longevity and makes others fade from popular culture? No doubt, the demands for a viable book, an impressive score, and a high entertainment quotient are important.
X's and O's. Ballet to the People came equipped to X's and O's, the Berkeley Rep world premi\u00e8re of a play about violence in American football
PhiladelphiaTheatreCo. Celebrates 40 With Stars Aligned. The Philadelphia Theatre Company is marking its 40th anniversary season and weathering a rough season of solving ongoing fiscal problems. Meanwhile, the shows must go on, Sara Garonzik, PTC's artistic director said this week \and more\ as the company looks to the future with Theatre Masters Series.
The Mystery Of Vivian Maier, The Most Famous Street Photographer No One Actually Knows. 
Thefts Are an Ever-Present Problem at Arts and Crafts Fairs. 
Music I (Mostly) Hold Dear. I was occasionally in the presence of the wonderful photographer Irving Penn in the 80's. I will never forget a simple statement he made then, \I keep getting better the older I get because I do learn more as I go along.\
Forget Roses, These Japanese Flower Sculptures Will Blow Your Valentine Away. 
Never-Before-Seen Works By Surrealist Master Salvador Dali, On View Now. 
Nude Photography, By Women Of Women For Women. 
These 21st Century Harem Portraits Break All The Rules. 
Meet Andr\u00e9s Jaque, The Winning 'Young Architect' Set To Take Over MoMA PS1. 
DANCE REVIEW. Balanchine's chivalrous comportment with Farrell was a memorable treat for audiences in 1965. Fifty years later, former NYCB principal dancer Wendy Whelan made the marvelous and somewhat offbeat decision to launch her post-ballet career squired not by male cohorts, but by a roster of well-selected choreographers dancing in their own creations.
Unspeakable Hope. So often plugged in and invested in distraction, who will be our poets? So many seek to live through the experiences of others, maniacal about sharing snippets of their lives, but in curated photos of a desired life, an avoidance of the present. What of the moment of experience?
Mortality. That first night, when everyone buzzed around the hospital, I thought about whom I'd give my books to. I thought about who'd miss me the most. I thought who'd take care of Doris. No one. Nothing. Blank. Blank.
Unknown Sketch Of Vincent Van Gogh (And Both His Ears) Discovered In Scrapbook. 
Sarah Elise Abramson. Photographer Sarah Elise Abramson's aesthetic is at the intersection of the poetic and unsettling, the creepy and beautiful, the subversive and classically Romantic.
The Art And Science Hybrid That Has Artists Helping To Identify Crime Victims. 
A High-Def 'Selfie' With the Arts and Humanities. Technology is, in fact, a great place to start. If technology really did simply feed into an \upgrade culture\ -- obsessed with smaller, smarter, faster, sharper --then there would be one universal gadget for everyone. One ussie.
Paul Gauguin at Fondation Beyeler (VIDEO). The exhibition Paul Gauguin at Fondation Beyeler in Riehen (Basel, Switzerland) is one of the highlights of the art year 2015. The show brings together about fifty masterpieces by Paul Gauguin from leading international museums and private collections such as the Mus\u00e9e d'Orsay, Paris.
First Nighter. If forgiveness is divine, what is the inability to forgive?  Joe Pintauro's hard-nosed Snow Orchid, at the Lion, doesn't provide an answer.  Instead, through the up-close-and-extremely-personal look at one severely dysfunctional family, it offers a relentless example of the absence of forgiveness.
How The Designer Behind Aaron Schock's Office Caught The Attention Of Capitol Hill. 
When Balloons Invade The Urban Landscape, Everybody Wins. 
Exclusive Interview With Photographer and Documentary Filmmaker Nora De Angelli. Nora de Angelli is a London-based freelance photographer and documentary filmmaker. Until 2011, when she graduated from London College of Communication's University of Arts, with an M.A. in Documentary Film under her belt, De Angelli was an accomplished research scientist.
London's Tate Modern Celebrates Marlene Dumas. Dumas's use of medium is refreshing and honest.\u00a0Her works feel vibrant and of today; her use of watercolour and paint, on humble paper and canvas, reflect both the poetry and poverty of a South Africa that connects to the raw beauty of its geography.
23 Valentine's Day Cards That Are Actually Works Of Art. They won't throw these cards away.
Brains and Bottoms. Paris has a new, state-of-the-art concert hall, something the French have been waiting for since they dispatched Louis XVI in 1793, thus making possible government- funded arts venues for the people.
New Combinations at New York City Ballet. \New Combinations\ was the perfect title for the program at New York City Ballet, which presented the world premiere of Justin Peck's \R\u014dd\u0113,\u014d
Small Houses With a Huge Sense of Style. Small is better, it seems -- at least in Chapel Hill, N.C. Hitching her wagon to a national trend toward tiny homes, an architect there recently unveiled her designs for the Micropolis.
How Hurricane Katrina Saved Some Of New Orleans' Most Historic Art From Obscurity. 
Are Painters' 'Reference Photographs' a Form of Cheating?. The anti-photograph school of artists can get strident in their beliefs, sometimes accusing other landscape artists whose work is too hard-edged or too contrasty for their liking of simply painting from photographs.
Flourishing Aboriginal Art. Recently I traveled up through the Northern Territory near Darwin to a prime site for rock paintings in and around Kakadu National Park. While my visits to expressive rock carvings and paintings were fascinating, I was most interested in seeing the art that is being produced in recent times.
Photographer Captures 100 Female Artists In Their Homes And Studios. 
(R)evolution in Berlin. Perhaps it was inevitable, by design, that Susan Sontag, who found her ultimate identity as a bridge between Europe and America, should inspire not one but two German symposiums on the ten year anniversary of her death.
Review. The Road to Damascus takes place in the not-too-distant future, giving us a glimpse in to the harsh possibilities that we seem to come so close to these days.
Photographer Captures Stunning Shots Of Babies Seconds After They've Left The Womb. 
Top 5 Solo Exhibitions to See This Season. From Beijing to Brooklyn, these five exhibitions spotlight some of the most conceptually thrilling, technically arresting artists working today.
Want To Be Less Materialistic? Take Part In This Experimental Art Project.... 
Photographer Allows Bacteria To Eat Away At Images Of The Cosmos, And These Are The Celestial Results. 
Why I Sing the Songs of Grace Jones -- Literally and Figuratively. From the age of three or four I knew I was different from the other little girls. I had a very low, husky voice; even lower than all the boys in my pre-school class.
What Might Have Been; Treaties and Nation-Building. Nation to Nation; Treaties Between the United States and American Indian Nations, the recently installed exhibition at the National Museum of the American Indian, is one of the most difficult and troubling exhibitions I've ever experienced. It is also the best history exhibition I've seen at the Smithsonian.
How A Friendship With Muhammad Ali Resulted In Some Of The World's Best Sports Photography. 
The Positive Impact Of Vaccines, In One Stunning History-Soaked Photo. 
'Duke Of Burgundy' Is The All-Female Erotic Drama You Need To See. 
Bloody Valentine. These aspects of the production were what made the adaptation work best for me. In film, special effects can make flying vampires look naturally at home in an otherwise realistic world. This is harder in an intimate theatre space.
Cuba Arts Journal. A vibrant culture is poised for its next great moment
Prologue To My Blog. 
Spirit of the Hawk. 
Tanya Habjouqa's 'Occupied Pleasures'. I first discovered photographer Tanya Habjouqa in Florence, where her photo exhibit was showcased during the Middle East Now Film Festival.
First Nighter. If you go by Ivan Turgenev's A Month in the Country, revived at Classic Stage Company, you might conclude the revered Russian literary man was more of a city lover.
CD Review. The Great Escape, by design or by happenstance, is perfect for Top 40 radio.  It's commercial and mainstream, while distinctive enough to avoid being classified as familiar or, worse, ordinary.
CD Review. I Am Love just released a self-titled album which reflects their personal tastes in music
You Probably Need This Vase 3D Printed In The Shape Of Your Face. 
The Work of Artists Is Not Play. When the public reads stories in the media about visual artists, it is all too often about art stars that are selling their works for six-figure sums or an item detailing glamorous parties on the art fair circuit.
A Brief Rant on the Exhaustion of the Avant-Garde, Zombie Formalism and What Contemporary Painting Needs to Move Forward. There is a deep need for art that is authentic, engaged with the world and more about skill and knowledge than ego. Representation, which has been so restricted for the past decade, has vast untapped potential, and can be \progressive\ in countless unexpected ways.
Jon Swihart. In the Fall of 2013 Jon Swihart, a scrupulous and preternaturally patient artist who lives and works in Santa Monica, was commissioned to create an oil portrait of Zamperini.
Tattoo Duo Brings Incredibly Intricate Cubist Illustrations To Flesh. 
Everyone Wants a Nudie Pic. The art world is heating up. Not only are auctions enjoying record-breaking sales at the high end, but a new crop of art hobbyists are creating a mass market for original art.
Entering Aurie Ramirez's Pinstriped, Glam Rock, Watercolor World (NSFW). 
Is It Art? Or, Is It Soup?. Lunch with Andy Warhol. Some thirteen years later, after the Fair, I was invited to join a half-a-dozen hip, arty, New York types for a midday meal with Andy Warhol. I pride myself on a surefire, rock hard memory. My mind's eye never lets me down.
Let Curiosity Back Into the Concert Hall. Reaching new audiences requires reaching outside of oneself, and beyond the conventional way of doing things. So at Fifth House Ensemble, we're always looking to collaborate with people who bring their own, unique talents to the table.
Is Innovative Art an Oxymoron?. What \Bull's Head\ did for art 70 years ago may have, knowingly or unconsciously relied on the same sensationalism as today's sensationalistic art, however the innovation level was an order of magnitude higher.
Meet 'Teacher,' The Futuristic Machine That's Going To Show You How To Draw. 
Letters of Sacrifice. \Letters of Sacrifice\ is Hassin's tribute to those who have fought and died for our country in all wars, but represents those who have fallen since that infamous September day almost 14 years ago.
Aisle View. Yes, this is obviously going to be another one of those actors-play-the-instruments affairs, which have become dime-a-dozen since John Doyle did it in 2004 with Sondheim's Sweeney Todd. In this Into the Woods, though, the device works well.
13 Quotes From Artists That Will Inspire You to Create. 
Bad Girls Don't Cry. In 2014, the San Francisco Silent Film Festival invited audiences to spend time with three women who, as a result of having defied parental authority, were forced to deal with severe repercussions to their rebelliousness.
One Girl. I hope I encouraged one girl to find the joy in putting even painful words on paper. I hope I sang something that will help one girl look in the mirror tomorrow and like herself a little more.
Setting the Stage. Now in its fifth year, the celebrated Asian art fair and its attendant events all around the city focus international attention to Singapore as a hub and an arena to discover art from all over Southeast Asia.
First Nighter. Although we may loathe the very suggestion, it's undoubtedly true that to some extent, we all eventually become our parents. Halley Feiffer believes we do to the most extreme extent.
Jane Wilson, Artist Of The Ethereal, Dies At 90. 
20th Century Best, Courtesy Albright-Knox Art Gallery. In celebration of its 150th anniversary, the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo organized a travelling exhibition, Gauguin to Warhol, which is currently on display at The San Diego Museum of Art.
What \u2018I Have A Dream' Looks Like To Detroit Artists. 
Photographs Of The Freedom Journey In 1965 Illuminate The Past's Connection To The Present. 
Matisse's Cut-Outs at MoMA and on Film/ Picasso and the Camera at the Gagosian. No surprise
'The Marvelous Wonderettes,' San Pedro Theatre Club, San Pedro, CA. It's panic time at the 1958 Springfield High School prom. The slated gig gets axed because one of the boys, a butt head, got caught smoking (Really, that's all he did?). The song girls, the Marvelous Wonderettes, come to the rescue.
Glorious Tumblr Examines The World From An Artwork's Perspective. 
Will Andres Serrano Sue Over Theft of Piss Christ Copyright?. 
This Weekend, Let's Make Art Like Nun Artist Corita Kent. 
Cloud Eye Control Half Life. Cloud Eye Control is a multimedia performance group based in Los Angeles that uses animation, music and live performers to create hybrid theatrical works.
Honest Moments. 
Haiku Reviews. Robert Adams' contribution to contemporary photographic practice, especially in the U.S., cannot be underestimated, no matter its modest appearance or echoes of the private and personal.
'American Soldier' Photos Expose The Many Faces Of Modern War. 
Meet Millo, The Street Artist Who Paints Massive Monochromatic Murals Around Italy. 
Family Resemblance. As a personal historian, I've had many people tell me that they regret not knowing more of their family stories. I hope this project encourages people to take an active interest in their family history. Because the more we know about our family history, the more we know about ourselves.
Arts Education. I escaped the cornfields to pursue more intense arts education at Interlochen Arts Academy, then, after college, I joined the Peace Corps. I had a very idealistic vision of how my service would change the world (I was 22, after all).
First Nighter. Nick Payne's Constellations arrives at the Manhattan Theatre Club's Samuel J. Friedman after winning the 2012 Evening Standard Theatre Award for Best Play and receiving a clutch of rave reviews that encouraged the move from its initial production at London's Royal Court to the West End.
Fat Femme Artist Picks Apart Your Preconceived Notions Of Beauty. 
The 10 Must-See Sundance Films For Art Lovers. 
10 Things I Learned About Molly Ivins. Kathleen Turner is one of my favorite actresses and Molly Ivins was a hero. I had the pleasure of seeing Kathleen Turner in Red Hot Patriot the Kick-Ass Wit of Molly Ivins at the Berkeley Rep. Here are 10 things I learned.
What Is the Authenticity of a Work of Art in the Era of 3D?. What would be the meaning of an \original work\ tomorrow if the copy is identical to the original and if being provided with an off-the-shelf technical device is sufficient to reproduce the original? Why would the original be more expensive than the copy? How is it possible to insure effectively against fakes?
Haiku Reviews. Ray Turner paints with a quiet bravado, daring himself to conjure coherent and easily comprehended imagery from a froth of paint.
Sadly, 'The Last Ship' Sinks. The thing Broadway producers don't seem to fathom (as reported in Patrick Healy's article in The New York Times January 7th) is that musicals by their very nature are not always feel-good events.  And so The Last Ship will inevitably sink on Jan. 24 after a four-month run.
How to Break Through Writer's Block... by Sitting Around Doing Nothing (Except Meditating!). Mindfulness helps me acknowledge my self-critical distractions, embrace the present of momentary sensations, scents, feelings, inhales, and then exhale it into my writing.
Our Man in Havana. Thinking about Cuba is like trying to sort through the bits and pieces thrown haphazardly together in a data junk yard. Everyone has an opinion about this morality play. Actually, it's more of a cartoon except for the deeply tragic element.
This Artist's Beautiful Plaid Swatches Are Made Entirely Out Of Teeny, Tiny People. 
The Year of the Art Film. The one thing that is clear, people are dissatisfied with the status quo and starving for invigorating art. The best movies of the year were about struggling to produce art in a world that doesn't put much value in it.
This Optical Illusion Will Make Your Eyes Bulge And Your Brain Burst. 
These 8 Arab Cartoonists Fight For Freedom Of Expression Every Day. 
This '4D-Printed' Dress Is Changing The Way We Define Fashion -- And Art. 
Rome Journal. Profanity is never far from profundity. It's something that you discover quickly in exploring the imagination of the great Italian filmmaker Pier Paolo Pasolini, who was as immersed in both the highest and lowest strivings of the human spirit.
Artist Transforms Gallery Into A Basketball Court, All In The Name Of 'Space Jam'. 
In Love for the Long Haul. Two films recently screened for Bay area audiences gave new meaning to the old saying that \He who laughs last, laughs best.\
'The Adventures Of *' Is The 1950s Father-Son Animation We Never Want To Forget. 
Enchanting Silhouettes Bring Brothers Grimm Fairytales To Life. 
The Top 5 International Exhibitions Of The Year. In 2014, the art world continued to expand beyond traditional boundaries, establishing centers in cities around the globe.
Je Suis Charlie. Today the world that cherishes free speech and secularism is reeling from the devastating violent loss of life and the real dangers posed to speech. However scary it may be, I want to declare
'Urban Yoga' Project Connects Our Bodies To The Streets Around Us. 
30 Words We Should Stop Using To Describe Art. 
This Is What Happens When Adults Play With Play-Doh. 
Hollywood of Exiles and \u00c9migr\u00e9s. The Golden Globe Awards are only a few days away, and the Oscars are just around the corner as well. If you want to immerse yourself into the mystery, glamor, and history of Golden Age Hollywood between 1933 and 1950, here is a treat for you.
MutualArt's Top 10 Art Books of 2014. Whether it's a catalogue that allows us to enjoy an exhibition long after its doors have closed, or an in-depth investigation into the oeuvre of our favorite artists, these new books will surely be treasured for years to come.
From Urbanizing to Urban, According to My Facebook Cover Page. During a year filled with four trips abroad and two months away, many of my 2014 Facebook cover photos helped fill my yearly urban and exurban diaries.
Masterpiece Musical Theatre. Two well-established musical masterpieces returned to Bay area stages last fall in exceptional productions which proved, beyond any shadow of a doubt, the strength and vitality of each work's score and libretto. The fact that they were so beautifully performed only added to the audience's sense of artistic fulfillment.
Changing of the Guard. This is an extraordinary time in the dance world, when five of the greatest ballerinas of our time, from leading American ballet companies, have, coincidentally, all announced their retirement within months of each other.
Saying Goodbye to the Freak Show. And so it goes -- another production of Side Show leaves us. Its cult status will remain, untouched by mainstream attention. This is no surprise to those of us who follow such things. In fact, the surprise was that it came at all.
Cabaret Icon On Fearlessly Kicking Off 2015 With 'No Regrets'. 
Closing the Empathy Gap. As technology allows us to erect more and more electronic barriers around us, the value of removing one's earbuds and looking up from one's smartphone becomes increasingly important. Some people understand how to use new technology while others remain decidedly unclear on the concept.
The Enigmatic Art of Josef Koudelka. The Getty exhibition is the first retrospective of Koudelka's work in the United States and features many of the artist's own vintage prints, books, notebooks, maquettes and even rare vintage photos that Koudelka sold to flee to the West.
Paul Auster. This video not only tells the story of how Paul Auster became a writer. It also reveals how the American writer works. \A good days work is if I have one typed page at the end of the day, two is amazing, three is a miracle.\
This Is Barbie Like You've Never Seen Her Before. 
The Ego-Centric Art World Is Killing Art. 
10 Must-See Movies From The Arab World. 
A New 'Merry Widow' With Renee Fleming In Widow's Weeds. It is hard to imagine a merrier widow than Renee Fleming, and she swirls through the Metropolitan Opera's sumptuous new production of Franz Lehar's popular operetta The Merry Widow with the ease of a woman who knows what she wants and knows how to get it.
31 Photographs That Will Show You The Future of Photography. 
10 Famous Artworks That Celebrate Father Time. 
Queen of Soul Commands in Philly. Aretha was intimate with the audience throughout the night and fondly remembered her start in Philly at the famed jazz club Pep's on South Broad St. and expressed appreciation for Philly's gospel legend Clara Ward and radio personalities Mary Mason and Georgie Woods.
Wafflers. A waffle is a delicious breakfast food that's usually served with maple syrup, but in its verb form it means to be indecisive or titter on the brink of one action or another.
'Into the Woods' and the Dumbing Down of the Movie Musical. As much as I love Meryl, I'm never going to buy her records, and I haven't been this uncomfortable watching her in a film since, what do you know, Mama Mia! If we're living in any sort of movie musical cinema revival, it's time to start asking ourselves what we sacrificed to get there.
Buying Art Abroad Is Fun, Bringing It Home May Not Be. New York arts lawyer Thomas C. Danziger received a telephone call late one night in 2009 from \a guy in a hotel in Hong Kong\ who discovered he had a legal problem.
Amphipolis. Perhaps the most knowledgeable person with respect to culture in Greece, including the numerous archaeological excavations and many ongoing cultural activities, she is a \power woman,\ closely monitoring the step-by-step progress of the exciting discovery at Amphipolis.
Against Odds, Nigerian Artists Make It Happen. While somewhat distanced from the country's worst violence, with daily power cuts and nearly half of the population living below the national poverty line, Lagos is by no means a simple place to make or experience art.
My Brooklyn Bridge. I've always been rather late to the party, and although I'd had my share of evenings at BAM and the wonderful concerts at Bargemusic, it wasn't until recently that I discovered the depth of serious music, opera and theater happening throughout the borough.
A City at the Edge of the Horizon. The ancient port city of Muziris, perched at the mouth of the Periyar River near the tip of the Indian subcontinent, offered harbor to merchant fleets of Greece, Rome, Phoenicia, and Egypt in the earliest centuries of global maritime trade.
New Wave Women. \By photographing these marginal details; stains, traces, dust, dirt, I bring them to the center of vision, allowing them to exist and prevail,\ she says, in an attempt to foreground \the abjectness of the otherwise invisible.\
Music I (Mostly) Hold Dear. There is a pedagogic nature to the writing, as the pieces teach you what they are about as they go along, and they are written in spiral form, whereby each successive phrase, and quartet, is an elaboration or development on the previous.
How To Stage A Secret Play On New York City's Most Festering, Polluted Waterway. 
How A Mother With Amputated Arms Became An Angel In Her Daughter's Eyes. 
A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes. Directed by Mark Kenward, the performance that I attended at the 2014 San Francisco Fringe Festival of Caggiano's new monologue felt like a crash landing that kept passing through a series of green spotlights as it bumped and lurched down an ill-fated runway.
Artsy Gifts According to Edward Goldman. I have a secret; how not only to avoid the stress connected with holiday shopping, but instead, to enjoy it. Yes, to enjoy Holiday shopping! Are you ready? Do you have a pen and paper handy?
George W. Bush's Pearls Of Wisdom On Painting. 
Independent Spirit Award Nominee Andrea Suarez Paz. \I always try to remain conscious of the tools I have at hand
New Orleans Art Explores How Food Preserves Difference In A Country Pushing For Sameness. 
The Belonging. Seeing Kunkle's work in person, I immediately understand that these are paintings which speak different languages, exude a variety of moods as the days pass.
Art Fairs. Of all the things that occurred over the first half of the decade in the arts, what will be the most impactful at the end of the decade? It is hardest to see from the middle of it all but I will take a stab.
Here's Why 'The Snowman' Is So Good. 
These Eco-Friendly Artists Are Dreaming Of A Plastic Free Christmas. 
Happy Birthday, Louise Bourgeois!. 
Hollywood's Most Influential Costume Designer Vies For Another Oscar Nod. 
An Interview With Guillermo Kuitca. Guillermo Kuitca's work is present in the collections of major museums including the Metropolitan Museum, MoMA, Tate Gallery ... But the most interesting thing about Kuitca is that, thanks to him, future generations of Argentine artists have formed.
Joe Cocker. And as people argue that so much mainstream music today has become all about superficialities (at least in my circle, they do), more about image and marketing than expression, we are forced to say goodbye to a man who epitomized the real and gritty.
The Social Power of Traveling Photographers. 
Big Eyes Will Open Christmas Day. Perhaps Big Eyes is not the best-crafted piece of art. It may seem disproportionate in features and at points, tawdry and even uneven. However, not only is this film important, it is urgent.
The Cultural Evolution of Art and the Net. Having opened the window to everyone, art and the internet has evolved from the side of a building or a subway car to land on our desktops and smartphones. We can carry aesthetics, creativity and ideology with us everywhere.
The Jaded Sing Hallelujah for Oakland Ballet's Nutcracker. \I am experiencing a kind of crisis,\ Tchaikovsky wrote gloomily, after being ordered by the tzar's flunkeys to compose a ballet score for a flimsy tale centred around children, rats and a candy kingdom. After the glory of The Sleeping Beauty, the Nutcracker commission seemed like an insult.
When I Was a Kid, We Took Pictures With Cameras. We all know there's more than one downside to the omnipresent smartphone--the invention of the 'selfie', the calloused thumbs, the inability to bullshit our way through a discussion about, well, anything that can be Googled.\n\nBut you know what my favorite upside is? The ability to take a picture at any given moment. No, I'm not talking about catching a nominee for the 'People of Wal-Mart' blog; I'm talking about taking pictures of my kids.
Chicago Showdown. 
I On Exceptional Living -- Nikki Haskell. Her skirts are short; her boyfriends are young; her fingernails are long; and her energy is endless. Nikki is always overdressed and ready to go. Her motto is \Never give in. Never give up. And never take 'no' for an answer.\ If Nikki can't do it in high heels; she's not interested
19 Of The Best Snow Scenes In Art. 
ROLAND REISS. A good half-century after it started, Roland Reiss's career continues to surprise and delight in a new exhibition at Diane Rosenstein gallery. The last time I caught up with this artist's work, a couple of years ago, he was already painting, um... flowers.
'Post Mortem Presents. Conceived, directed and choreographed by Andrea Luna and Angela Lopez, it's a riot of song, a rhapsody of dance and movement. In short, it's a scream. It recovers and re-enacts the delightfully sinister Victorian winter solstice tradition.
A Retired Elementary School Teacher Turned Her Home Into A Folksy Fine Art Mecca. For many years, Ramona Otto was an elementary school teacher. Full disclosure
You Can Now Go To Art School At Hogwarts. 
Fragments of Femininity. For Smith and Emin, the body is in perpetual motion. Neither artist has any shame in laying the ghastliest aspects of femininity stripped bare. This introspection strips their work of pretense down to an almost primeval level.
These American World War II Re-Enactors Dress Up Like Nazis For Fun. 
Resonance and Memory. The biggest change we are seeing today with the contemporary artist's approach to the landscape is how they relate this time-tested type to some sort of political statement, while other artists see it as a way to express the land's power and beauty.
Radio Waves. The world was a different place in 1999. New York was a different place. But one constant in the city has been Beats in Space, Tim Sweeney's weekly mix of eclectic house, disco, hip-hop, techno and dance floor friendly anthems, broadcast through WNYU.
Stage Door. For Monty Python fans, Eric Idle is a wacky kind of genius.
11 Art Destinations That Double As Therapeutic Retreats. 
Convergence of Mobile Art. 
Jules Muck Brings Street Art to Santa Monica's Hotel Casa del Mar. Street art is not what you expect to encounter in the elegant lobby of Santa Monica's luxurious Hotel Casa del Mar, which makes the hotel's newly installed temporary street art installation a most welcome surprise.
Theater. Bradley Cooper is quite good at capturing the wry, intelligent voice of Merrick. He distorts his face and limps and crawls about and we're soon in the mind of this interesting fellow.
Timeless Allure Of Darshan. 
Fleshy Stilettos Made With Human Hair Question The 'Sexiness' Of Heels. 
Raw Photos Depict The Magic Of Motherhood, From A Father's Perspective. 
Jockum Nordstr\u00f6m's First Solo Show at David Zwirner in London Triumphs. For its final show of 2014, David Zwirner's London gallery is showing Swedish artist Jockum Nordstr\u00f6m's first UK solo show.
Artists Explore The Many Influences Of Ebony And Jet Magazines. 
Stage Door. Now at the Booth Theater, The Elephant Man, which won the Tony for Best Play in 1979, is effective because it isn't literal. Cooper doesn't wear a prosthetic; instead, the audience imagines his disfigurement as he contorts his body. And people gasp in horror at the sight of him.
Designers Recreated Wes Anderson's Grand Budapest Hotel IRL. 
\Feminism\ Is Back in Vogue. It's the first theatrical documentary of its kind, and it will no doubt open the door for other films on the subject of feminism and women's liberation.
A Street Art Festival Takes Root Across The Walls Of Malaysia. 
Naked Will. You don't have to adhere to predestination to accept the notion that subliminal forces, for good or bad, may play a more important role in the unfolding of your fate than naked will.
This Winter, You Can Get Tattooed At A Famous New York Museum. 
The Best 2014 Mix by a Chick Who Doesn't Dig 'Chick Music'. It's 2014. If you're like me, you've  probably heard about all you can of the songs Fancy, Chandelier and anything Pitbull. Don't give up though, there is some exceptionally great stuff out there.
Photographer Diego Saldiva Lived A Nightmare Every Parent Fears. 
Where Does Corporate Giving to the Arts Go?. Recent studies by Americans for the Arts, Giving USA, and others have drawn welcome public attention to the role of corporate giving in the creative ecology -- some sounding alarms and others offering rays of hope.
Slut Shaming is Still a Thing. n response to this growing epidemic, Katie Cappiello and Meg McInerney, founders of The Arts Effect All-Girl Theater Company, decided to take on this complex and multi-layered issue facing women and girls today, namely slut culture, slut shaming and the culture of sexual violence.
The Man And Art Behind Andy Warhol's Silver Factory. 
Eric Garner's Haunting Last Words Become Performance Art. 
They Say It Never Rains In L.A.. 
A Conversation with Gloria Garfinkel. Gloria Garfinkel's art can be seen as a celebration of life where vibrant colors, dynamic shapes, viewer participation and the pure joy of creativity rules the day.
2014 Top 20 Picks. Each year I survey what I have seen and experienced in the past 12 months and, after much soul searching and difficult internal debate, come up with my top 20 picks. (Plus two alternates!) Here is the list for 2014:
11 Artists You Should Pay Attention To Next Year. 
Holiday Reads. Each writer I know offers an open door into their extended world, full of their most treasured ideas and images. Writers share what they find most valuable. In that spirit, I'm sharing 10 great books with you and paying it forward for the writers -- and artists -- who have created them.
Once Again, Air Force Band Surprises and Delights. U.S. Air Force men and women fly and maintain some of the most sophisticated aircraft in the world. They do many other things and do them well. One of them is playing beautiful music, and singing beautifully, as the U.S. Air Force Band recently did at the National Air and Space Museum on December 2.
'The Patron Saint of Sideshow,' The Found Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Every aspect of the Found Theatre is a labor of love. So too is Mike Brown's direction. He filmed hundreds of hours of the production's cast meetings and rehearsals. As he said in his opening night preamble, he didn't know what he would do with the footage, it just seemed important.
These Ceramics Encrusted With Crustaceans Will Blow Your Tiny Mind. 
How Have Fame and Fortune Shaped the Business of Being an Artist?. \I think that the youngest members of our society are increasingly worried about making their way in the world, and their anxiety is shaping the way that some of them approach being an artist.\
Scott Elliott and the Theater of the Uncomfortable. I've come to admire people, and theater companies, that take the risk. You have to hand it to Elliott -- more than any other major off-Broadway theater company, The New Group consistently produces offbeat works.
An AIDS Quilt Songbook. I'm happy projects like this take a step toward educating people, and take many steps toward supporting AIDS/HIV services and research organizations through sales proceeds.
The Archivist's Dilemma. While working on my new film in the Bay Area this summer, I had the good fortune of being introduced to Stephen Parr and his massive 6000 sq. ft. archive aptly named Oddball Films.
Into the Woods at the Wallis Annenberg Center. The Oregon Shakespeare Festival's revival of Stephen Sondheim's iconic musical, now playing at the Wallis Annenberg Center in Beverly Hills, is an uneven, if often delightful, rendition of Sondheim's parable of the trials and tribulations of childhood and growing up.
First Nighter. Come Christmas every year, new offerings are presented with the hope they'll become holiday perennials.
City Councilmen Deemed This Nude Pregnant Portrait 'Pornography'. 
Paola Antonelli. Being a curator just happened. I was interested in architecture and design, and slowly, but surely, realized I became a curator because it was another way to communicate the belief that design is important and endlessly inspiring.
Side Show. I saw it first. Well, not quite. The rapturous critical reception that has greeted the revival of Side Show on Broadway takes me back, way back, to a demonstration of Side Show's unique power that I witnessed firsthand quite some time ago.
What Happens When 5 Street Artists Share A Wall In Poland. 
The Death of a Poet. Our existence derives its meaning from use, for this reason a glass bellows when it is used even for mundane activities as opposed to a china set that is reserved for the grandest of balls. Seemingly important yet so impotent, a parody of life.
15 Masterpieces That Make Barcelona Feel Like One Big Modern Art Museum. In this egalitarian city, masterpieces are not hidden away in museums. Rather, they adorn the city's streets and squares. Here are 15 examples of modern art masterpieces that Barcelona's residents see every day.
Stuart Little Leads Art Historian To Long-Lost Masterpiece. 
Sweet Covers O' Mine. There is also something about the old becoming new again for the audience. The mix is comforting, yet has that element of surprise.
Soaring With the Washington Ballet's Noche de Pasi\u00f3n. The new edition of performers and the charm of the artistic director Septime Webre were only exceeded by his impromptu Cuban salsa in sync with his Latin ballet dancers.
Baryshnikov and Dafoe in Robert Wilson's The Old Woman at Cal Performances, Berkeley. Two super stars of the stage -- ballet icon Mikhail Baryshnikov and actor Willem Dafoe -- in a fantastical, almost two-hour pas de deux, performed under the direction of gay theater genius Robert Wilson.
Poetic Photographs Of Plastic Bags Shed Light On Our Consumer Society. 
11 Instagram Accounts Worth Following This Art Basel Miami Beach Season. 
Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra Launches in Los Angeles. Performing arts organizations are complicated enterprises to run. Keeping them afloat prompts ever-new experiments. One of the latest is the Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra, formed by clarinetist cum entrepreneur Benjamin Mitchell and an ambitious group of L.A. musicians, inspired by NY's Orpheus Chamber Orchestra.
This Austrian Photographer Creates Sassy, Unique Balloon Creatures. 
10 (More) Art Therapy Techniques To Help You De-Stress This Holiday Season. 
A Peek At The 'Off-The-Cuff, Goofball' Side Of One Of Broadway's Sexiest Men. 
Street Artists Around The Country Celebrate Small Business Saturday. 
What It's Like To Raise A Daughter With Down Syndrome. 
Attention. Any form of corruption can taint a sport whose integrity is held sacrosanct in the eyes of its biggest fans. Two recent Bay area productions helped to shine a light on how difficult it can be to win simply on the basis of one's merit.
First Nighter. The blood in Kneehigh's Tristan & Yseult is less than what's in Tamburlaine Parts I and II and is stylized. Emma Rice, the company founder and adapter here of the Cornish myth has something other than seeing red about which she wants to discourse.
Marianne Faithfull Personifies the Eternal Return in Berlin and Takes a Stand for the Future of the Planet. 
Goats, Sheep Make Love To The Camera. 
Celebrate Thanksgiving With The 15 Best Meals In Art. 
A Thanksgiving Playlist To Get You Through Cooking A Whole Meal. 
Photos Of ''Star Wars' In Real Life Will Put You Over The Moon. 
Albuquerque's Opera Southwest Beams Up Long Lost Hamlet Opera By Verdi's Favorite Conductor. In the dramatic truth and emotional passion of the production, and the skill of the ensemble, Opera Southwest's Amleto was unforgettable. But it was no whale.
Consider This The Anti-Photoshop. 
Saxophonist Michael Blake Pays Homage to Pres and Hawk on Tiddy Boom. Saxophonist Michael (not Mike) Blake is one of those artists who have a sustained appreciation of the tradition and for those who have come before him.
Life with Lyme. On a crisp November morning I arrive to spend some time with Sarah.  I am greeted first by Sparky, a tiny yet mighty rat terrier, donning a sweater with a lightening bolt emblazoned on his back. Seconds later, Sarah slowly comes to the door and welcomes me into her home with open arms and a slight smile. These days she spends most of her time in a makeshift bedroom that appears to have once been the dining room. The space is connected to the kitchen and still holds a china cabinet, though it's now filled with shoeboxes of medication and supplements rather than plates and glasses
Snarkitecture in Black and White. For a person like me, who thrives in bold color combinations and patterns, it's fair to say that the monochromatic black and white palette that is almost always used by Snarkitecture took me out of my comfort zone -- and captivated me.
What I Am Giving Thanks for This Year. I am grateful to the many patrons who continue to support their favorite arts institutions, especially those who are willing to risk the most when things are at their worst.
Stage Door. 
\Oedipus,\ San Pedro Rep. 
Painters. 
The Dazzling, Multicolored, Customized Trucks Of India. 
Power Plays by Robert Dekkers for Post:Ballet. Like a Ren\u00e9 Magritte painting come to life, Robert Dekkers' latest assault on the conventions of theatrical dance piles up one absurd image on another in precise, deliberate fashion, leading us rapidly from a vision of tranquil domesticity into hell and chaos,.
A Brief History Of Butts In Art. 
Feast Your Eyes Upon These Sweetly Hyperrealistic Artworks And Feel Unworthy. 
Artist Spends 200 Hours Resurrecting Centuries-Old Tradition Of Tapestry Making. 
11 Beautiful Artworks Smaller Than A Breadbox. 
Exploring The Chilling World Of Hunters In The Northern United States. 
Here's What Happens When The King Of Trash Art Gets His Hands On A Fancy Manhattan Townhouse. 
Exploring Letters From Himmler. This compelling documentary reveals the secret personal writings and photographs from the private collection of Nazi Gestapo Chief Heinrich Himmler.
Mark Handforth. I recently had the opportunity to interview gallery sales associate, Ben Parsons, for a film I did on the current exhibition at Kayne Griffin Corcoran in Los Angeles. My film features Miami artist, Mark Handforth's latest solo exhibition, Rough Dark Diamond.
Youth Designs. A recent National Endowment for the Arts study has found that lower-income students have higher academic results, college aspirations, and civic participation when they are engaged in the arts for long periods of time.
Ballerina Of Our Dreams Misty Copeland Is Getting A Reality Show. 
Stage Door. The cruelty of exploitation, just like the public's prurient interest in oddity, is boundless. Marry the two, and you have the backdrop to the real-life tale of conjoined twins and vaudeville stars Daisy and Violet Hilton in Side Show, the Broadway revival at the St. James Theatre.
Frederick Wiseman's \National Gallery\. In a sense Frederick Wiseman was the wrong person to make National Gallery, which is currently completing a run at Film Forum. His signature reticence, characterized by a total lack of narration, becomes the work of art itself.
Women, Power and the Rule of Three. 
Artists as Global Citizens. An opportunity for our artists and arts institutions to lead, globally, is to approach their identity and creation of art holistically and with intention--to be global citizens
Klinghoffer. The three make a trip of atypical opera themes, but no new opera brought the Met as much controversy as Klinghoffer.
Straight to the Point. Leave it to Young Jean Lee to get straight to the point, by saying
These High-Tech Ballet Shoes Demonstrate Just How Explosive Dancers' Movements Can Be. 
50 Years Later, Peter Yarrow Still Asks, 'When Will They Ever Learn?'. Yarrow credits his half-century of performing with Peter, Paul and Mary for giving him a platform that allows him to address global issues  --  the Middle East and climate change, among others  --  at the highest levels.  At least as important, his musical legacy affords him credibility with kids.
A New York Artist Turned Her 170-Year-Old Farmhouse Into A Rainbow Playground. 
Inventive Designer Celebrates The Most Famous Surfaces In Architecture. 
How (Not) to Repeat History. 
The Beauty Of Scars That Tell A Story. 
That Fake Yoko Ono/Katy Perry 'Cover' Is Still Worth 1,000,000 Listens. 
Kim Kardashian Posed Nude. Her Motherhood Has Nothing To Do With It.. 
Stage Door. Part camp, part social commentary, the always-entertaining Lypsinka is back with three shows. The revivals of the acclaimed Lypsinka! The Boxed Set and The Passion of the Crawford are coupled with the premiere of John Epperson
Torke in Tahiti. The ear-splitting bellow of a truck's horn, five floors below, on Broadway, made the window rattle and drowned out his last words. A few snowflakes eddied outside. It was an afternoon in January 2012.
This Powerful 'Black Odyssey' Blends Greek Myth And Modern Harlem. 
Theater. Lost Lake comes from the Pulitzer Prize winner David Auburn, so expectations are naturally high for any new work by him. Grand Concourse is from Heidi Schreck, the Obie-winning talent who also writes for TV's Nurse Jackie. Neither quickens the pulse, though each play is blessed with a fine cast.
BONAPARTE & Tim Fite Usher in Brave Neue Welt. INTO THE WILD is not simply a spectacular moment in rock history. It is a bottled message of a crucial rebirth for rock, with powerful political messages seamlessly woven into an elegantly embodied handcrafted aesthetic..
Iranian Street Art Brothers Icy & Sot Take Over Europe. 
This Robot Creates Art, Basically, The Same Way We Do. 
A Purveyor of Truth. 
Yuna at Stage 48. The increasingly globalized world we're living in certainly includes the pop music scene, and perhaps Yuna is amongst the best of it. Her style of music -- a melange of folk, jazz inflected R&B and a decidedly electronica backbeat makes this a world classed EDM for the adult listener.
'Real Prettiness' Project Showcases Individuals With Down Syndrome As They Wish To Be Seen. 
Basquiat Wrote 'Breast' On A Jacket... And Now It's Worth A Lot Of Money. 
16 Documentaries To Watch Out For This Year. 
This Is What It's Like To Fly Above Manhattan. 
New York Inspires. 
Is This The First Photograph Of A Human Being?. 
10 Budget-Friendly Street Photography Books. 
Robert Jackson. Painter Robert C. Jackson likes things... lots of them. His current show at Gallery Henoch, Tinkering with Reality, is populated by cosmologies of pancakes, donuts, goldfish bowls, apples, oreos, vintage soda crates, and postcards.
The Berlin Wall. World-renowned photographer Richard Avedon's visual account of the fall of the Berlin wall is not only considered as the high point of his career but also as one of the strongest photo-journalistic moments of all time.
First Nighter. The list of delightful ingredients in the Encores! Series revival of The Band Wagon is so long that not only is it pleasing the crowds attending at City Center, but it has the usual show-biz-insider suspects talking about a transfer for a longer Broadway run.
Art Still Offers Hope. I recently interviewed Peter Seibt whose approach to art courageously offers a new and different way than the manipulative world of art controlled by wealthy financiers in New York or Paris.
5 Pointz Landlord Says His Luxury Condos Will Be Just Like The Graffiti Mecca He Destroyed. 
Top 5 Contemporary Art Auctions This Fall. Contemporary art auctions have caused quite a stir in recent years with buyers bidding record-breaking numbers. For those who want in on the action, these five fall auctions are not to be missed.
At the Penn & Teller Show. Teller broke his silence and told me all about magic, his successful career, why he's a master of the selfie and more.
Now and Then. I have to believe that if I had the access to social networking and the Internet that exists today, I would have experienced less isolation.
It Turns Out Teddy Bears, Ripped Open And Forced Inside Out, Are Pure Horror. 
Art & the Tyranny of the New. I think it's time to create a market for art that deepens the spirit, not makes it shallower, a market to encourage art that taps into wisdom and truth that has lasted for generations, eons, as long as memory has served humanity.
Greek Tragedy and John Wick. The accomplishment of the movie is less its athleticism than its inducement of empathy. The audience is more than rooting for the antihero. We take on the same desire to punish.
A Homeless Veteran Shares How Art Transformed His Life. 
Stage Door. Dugan's 90-minute play is heartfelt, deeply moving and compelling; he makes history come alive. The 53-year-old actor nails Wiesenthal's Austrian dialect, elderly mannerisms and mischievous charm. His extraordinary performance pays tribute to one man's lifelong crusade for justice and tolerance.
Eerie Photo Series Imagines Beloved Superheroes After Death. 
This Video Of A Japanese Craftsman At Work Will Make You Love Humans Again. 
Did Your Face Make It Into The Official #ArtSelfie Book?. 
From Steve McQueen and David Beckham to the Streets of Los Angeles, British Iron Endures. Steve McQueen's \King of Cool\ reputation was fascinatingly explored in the 2014 documentary, I Am Steve McQueen, executive produced by the actor's son, Chad McQueen.
Zeev Aram (Video). What constitutes good design? \Imagination, originality, creativity, time and passion.\ So says Zeev Aram, founder of London design Mecca Aram Store, and he should know.
10 Free Must-Read Street Photography eBooks. Photography books are expensive, really expensive. I've collected dozens and dozens over the years and I kind of feel as though I have tied up a lot of money in books. It's not a bad thing, but I do wonder about the end result. Will I ever recoup my investment? Maybe. Certainly those who snapped up a first edition of \The Decisive Moment\ are in luck. But it's always a gamble and always expensive.
A Play for Our Times. A remarkable new play, Turning the Glass Around, by Pia Wilson, fearlessly plunges into the ever-morphing conversation about immigration, race and class. Turning the Glass Around evokes images of Death of A Salesman.
Feminist Artist Heather Marie Scholl Stitches Why 'It's Hard To Be A Woman'. 
Walead Beshty at the Curve, Barbican Centre, London (VIDEO). 
Artist Transforms Breakup Texts Into Works Of Art. 
Meet The Hulking Young Stars Of Senegal -- Professional Wrestlers. 
First Nighter. In all my theater-going days, I don't remember seeing a production that would likely give me nightmares.  The thought had never crossed my mind.  Until, that is, I went to the Pleasance Company and witnessed The Curing Room, David Ian Lee's import from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
What Happens When A Photographer Joins The Circus. 
How to Kill a Culture in 3 Easy Steps. The more I travel the world the more I learn how different peoples share common habits that weave together or cultivating their common way of life. What I believe we are witnessing in our time is the death of culture, the end of investing and taking responsibility in and for our surroundings.
Dido and Aeneas, Bluebeard's Castle in a Duo at LA Opera. Two probing views of obsessive love spelled success for the marriage of inconvenience between Purcell's Dido and Aeneas and Bart\u00f3k's Bluebeard's Castle. Their double-bill opening Saturday at the Chandler Pavilion marked the LA Opera's second collaboration with wave-making Australian stage director Barrie Kosky.
Skip The Haunted Houses, Take A Digital Tour Of Abandoned Buildings Instead. 
Reflections on Photographing Tragedy. Last Friday morning I found myself frantically running out of the house to get to Marysville-Pilchuck High School. I arrived to find a chaotic, scary, and tragic scene. Another school shooting had happened in the U.S., and it was the second in Washington state this year.
Broadway's 'Once' Remains Magical in Final Two Months. My companion, clearly enthralled by the immediacy of the music and the charm of the story, said at intermission \This is a musical, not just a Broadway musical.\ I know what he meant.
Part and Parcel. Krysa is an accomplished selector of detail, in both her own artwork and her efforts to champion other artists. Her joy in making and sharing art is evident in Collage -- the pieces in this book are playful, inventive, and utterly inspiring.
HBO Tags YouTube In Anticipation Of Its Upcoming Banksy Documentary. 
Toygodd Attends Exact Science Gallery's Grand Opening. I recently attended the Toy Art Gallery's Halloween show. On the way out I passed Exact Science, a new gallery. I noticed they were having an opening so I asked if I could shoot the show.
Filmmaker Judy Irving - on 'Pelican Dreams'. Sometimes the answer just falls out of the sky. It's clear and obvious -- maybe standing in front of you. Like, love-at-first-sight.
Artist Melts 100 Tons Of Arctic Ice To Remind You That Climate Change Is Real. 
Process and Presentness. In advance of his one-person exhibition this winter at the Power Station in Dallas, I visited Lund's Bushwick studio to learn more about his work and process.
Artist's Honey Bee Project Comes With A Dire Environmental Warning. 
'Mind Art' Project Allows Individuals Living With Disabilities To Create Art With Their Brains. 
Doris Duke & Norton Simon. There are two names on my mind right now -- Doris Duke and Norton Simon, -- two people that are obviously a world apart. But last week, I went to the opening of two exhibitions in LA that give rare insights on their lives and their obsession with art collecting.
Project 24. 
How to Have a Conversation With Well-Meaning People. We all have our family of origin, and then we have our family of friends. It's one of the great perks of adulthood -- you get to pick a second family of friends who love you.
21 Cindy Sherman Photos Head To The Auction Block. 
Return of the Artisan?. The digital revolution in music has always faced outspoken critics. Some have complained about harsh digital sound. Many lament illegal downloads. These days, musicians\u00a0protest paltry revenue from streaming sites like Pandora.
Astana Opera on New York's Cultural Radar Screen. New Yorkers are in the enviable position that, sooner or later, everyone will come and visit the city. We do not have to travel the world - even though many of us love to do so - to learn about different cultures because the world comes to us.
First Nighter. Since Tony Kushner could be considered to know best, why not quote what he says he admired after seeing Ivo van Hove's revival of the playwright's Pulitzer Prize-winning Angels in America, at the Brooklyn Academy of Music
Getting Intimate With San Francisco's Drag Scene Pioneers. 
Old New York in 'On the Town'. The sights and sounds of old New York are just a few of the marvels of the musical On the Town, newly revived at the Lyric Theater. If you see a subway sign marked IRT, you know you are in the right place.
Celebrate Picasso's Birthday By Spending $6 Million On One Of His Paintings. 
Beloved Author And Leonardo Da Vinci Scholar Explains Why We Make Art. 
Here Comes the Judge. Artists are attempting to find something through the maintenance of a practice but what is a politician or leader trying to find? The answer is usually a series of intelligent decisions that lead his country out of a quagmire.
Political Undertones and Calls to Action at Judaica Museum's Fall Exhibit. Housed in the iconic Temple Emanu-El Synagogue on Manhattan's Upper East Side, the museum plays home to a priceless permanent collection of Judaica, and yearly rotating temporary exhibits.
Kellesimone Waits on ImageBlog. 
Is Michael Keaton's Birdman Buddhist?. Michael Keaton's palpable, frenetic energy paired with an earthly and likable humanity as an actor makes him the perfect choice for this role.
These Fantastical Indian Buildings Were All Built Before This Century. 
Elegance and Style Dictates the Art Collection at the Park Hyatt Zurich. Like many of the Park Hyatt hotels around the world, the Park Hyatt Zurich paid special attention to the 91 pieces in its art collection, which is hung throughout the public spaces in its 6-story building.
Once a Soldier, Today a Heartist. The Journey From External Demand to Guidance From Within. after 40 years of wandering in my internal desert, I was able to transform my fearful obedience into love and acceptance of the truth of my heart. I reclaimed my choice.
State of Art. 
Why Does Bob Dylan Steal?. Bob Dylan likes to use other people's words, and images. Some people object to this. Robert Warmuth called him \Bob Charlatan.\ Joni Mitchell called him a plagiarist. Dylan is tired of this whole subject.
Behold, Iranian Fathers And The Diverse Daughters They've Raised. 
Zaha Hadid Designs Five Wooden Towers To House Cambodian Genocide Institute. 
A Quiet Place. The newly opened Windhover Contemplative Center, a 4,000 square foot rammed-earth and wood structure which occupies the former site of a parking lot, wouldn't exist without a deeply held conviction of the late Nathan Oliveira (1928-2010)
Master Class. Steven Assael said always to consider the interior of things. He drew a parallel between the literal interior volume of a form, and the internal meaning of art. He said this meaning was a precious liquid, and the artwork itself the vessel.
First Nighter. Leave it to Neal Goren. He's cherry-picked Bohuslav Martinu's comic one-acts Alexandre Bis and Comedy on the Bridge as the first of the Gotham Opera Company's 2014-15 season, and he's owed three or more cheers for doing so.
The Art of Falling. Early on in the ingenious collaboration between Second City and Hubbard Street Dance, Procol Harum's counterculture hymn permeates Chicago's Harris Theater as actors and dancers assemble in rows of folding chairs facing the audience.
These Moving Street Art GIFs Are Everything We Ever Wanted... In A GIF. 
Once More, Back On The Town. Playgoers who haven't walked away from a Broadway musical beaming since before they can remember should head over to Times Square for On The Town, the 1944 musical which introduced Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden, Adolph Green and Jerome Robbins.
First Nighter. Waters conceived and wrote Lennon Through a Glass Onion, throughout which, with Stewart D'Arrietta singing and playing at the piano in a fedora, he offers a 90-minute tribute to the late Lennon at the Union Square Theatre.
Setting Up the Jokes for Maximum Effect. Wardrobe malfunctions can be unsettling, hilarious, scary, or (in the case of Janet Jackson's 2004 half-time show at Superbowl XXXVIII), historic. However, when push comes to shove, if a comic element is involved, it helps to have the audience in on the joke.
Car Pooling With Photographer Alejandro Cartagena. The Car Poolers photo series landed photographer Alejandro Cartagena in the international spotlight. His work has appeared in galleries from Toronto to Mexico City.
Disney's Classic Animal Characters Would Make Pretty Adorable Humans. 
Caves, Icebergs, and Humanoid Landscapes. In my writing practice, I often write poems that have been sparked by an image. Last summer, I came across Rebecca Chaperon's work, and was stunned by its weird beauty.
This Next-Level Origami Will Wow Your Socks Off. 
Hand-Painted Photographs Conjure A Psychedelic Wonderland (NSFW). 
Not a Holocaust Film. This is the story of Henrich Himmler told by himself and his family through their letters and personal diaries, which were not burned as he requested. They were secreted away by an American until the '60s, then given to the Israeli archivists.
This Is A Music Tattoo And It's As Wonderfully Wacky As It Sounds. 
The Life Out Loud. 
Minimalist Voices of the Past and Present. A new exhibition that opened last Saturday at the University of Michigan Museum of Art revisits the Minimalist movement, viewed from a fresh perspective.
The Influence of William Bailey. William Bailey had a long and influential career as a teacher at Yale and continues to have a long and influential career as a painter. I always wanted to see a show of painters he influenced.
Bruce Lieberman. Painter Bruce Lieberman's exhibition East End is about many of things
Can You Really Know All Your Facebook Friends?. 
9 Key Terms You Should Know Before Seeing The Massive Hokusai Exhibition. 
The Intricate Fairy Tale Illustrations Of A 'Fantasia' Artist Will Make Your Imagination Run Wild. 
The Qalandiya International, the second edition of the Palestinian Biennial, October 22 - November 15.. Vita brevis, arts longa. Perhaps no circumstance better reflects this now than the second edition of the Qalandiya International. Otherwise known as the Palestine Biennial, it will run from October 22 - November 15.
Personifying Iran in an Art of Dissent, Defiance, and Desire. It seemed a telling syncronicity that just a week before Rouhani's visit, the exhibition Portraits
Beware Your Fantasy. Fairy tales, short stories, and playlets have a way of infecting the imagination to produce new variations on age-old themes. In June, Wily West Productions joined forces with the Playwrights Center of San Francisco to present Sheherezade 14, an evening of short plays written by local playwrights and directed by Wesley Cayabyab and Amy Crumpacker.
The Nathan Lane Show. You will not likely find anything funnier onstage, just now, than Nathan Lane in the opening scene of Terrence McNally's It's Only a Play. Lane, as a humble off-Broadway actor turned top-tier sitcom star, is given a barrage of robustly funny jokes to launch at us, mostly of the lacerating variety.
Ed Moses. Ed Moses, the grand lion of Venice, California, sits in a black chair in his studio gallery slowly rotating, watching as studio assistants move his huge paintings on geometric canvases.
48 Hours With Delta Spirit and J.S Bach in NYC With Peter Sellars and the Berlin Phil. 
Grace and Power, Fragility and Strength. Truly, Christophe exults in his work. \When I touch a piece of metal, it talks to me. I'm like, 'Wow!'\ He further reveals
Five Films Marina Abramovic and Lars Von Trier Should Make Together. 
Striking GIFs And Illustrations Depict The Women Of The War On Terror. 
The Greatest Holocaust Story Never Told. Have you ever heard of these women? I'm sure you could rattle off each Kardashian, or the name of Mila Kunis's new baby. Here is why these are the names that should be on your lips this week.
The Magic of The Anderson Collection. Lucifer, the crown jewel of the Anderson Collection, moved to Stanford with a retinue of 120 colorful accomplices he's befriended while living at the Andersons' residence.
This Is The America Of Yesteryear, In Stunning Vintage Photos. 
9 Things You Probably Didn't Know About The World's Most Famous Camera. 
The Running Picador. It is unfortunately no longer possible to take bullfighting as an order of romance any more serious than say, the return of the player piano or the raccoon coat.
Suffering Optional. So today, as we are confronted daily with the images of hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees who have fled extremists, I am unmoved to feel pity for the voluntary brushes with death that Marquis encountered.
\@Large\ and Absent, Ai Weiwei on Alcatraz. The United States' most storied island prison, Alcatraz, is a fitting home for artist and activist Ai Weiwei's latest project, @Large.
Steven and William Ladd. Engaging with the artists and their work on multiple levels the audience serves as both observer and participant. This idea becomes a springboard for a wealth of ideas beyond objects and craft.
The Good News of Poetry That Can Win the Day. Poetry can keep our spirits resilient and able to sustain us -- literally, for a happy life -- even to live at all.
Kiss Me, Kate at the Pasadena Playhouse Is Too Darn Hot for Sure!. Kiss me, Kate is classic Cole Porter! Originally premiering in 1948, the musical won five Tony awards and undoubtedly was the show that propelled Cole Porter into the spotlight.
Jill\u00a0Soloway, \Transparent\ Creator is Brilliant. If Amazon's book-selling success scares some writers imagine what lovers of Netflix and HBO will do now that Amazon's binge series, Jill Soloway's Transparent , has turned out to be a work of genius?
California, the Arts and the Creative Economy. For the state that is home to Silicon Valley and high tech invention, to Hollywood and the single largest export in the world
Mephistopheles in Your Living Room. If you've never seen an opera, this is an excellent way to begin
Project 24. In a neighborhood that's one-part gentrified, another part New York, Kaminski acknowledges his surroundings with a familiarity one would have with home -- an impressive adjustment for a recent transplant from upstate.
10 Eerily Adorable GIFs That Will Make You Feel Like A Kid Before Bedtime. 
Stage Door. The premise of Love Letters, a chamber piece now on Broadway, is simple
How To Build A Gay And Lesbian Art Museum. 
This Guy's One-Man Duet As Freddie Mercury AND Pavarotti Will Give You Goosebumps. 
Mapping the World as She Imagines It. For this non-traditional, mixed use space -- delightfully situated at the heart of a busy Oakland mall -- Naungayan Eggleton has flattened her work and moved away from her customary monochromatic palette, producing vertical panels whose saturated colors and sheens leap off the walls.
Behold, The Many Faces of Texas. 
Miranda July Designed A Purse And It's Everything You Hoped It Would Be. 
Czech's Mix Part 3. One of the surprising performances at the Crossroads Festival (part of the Colours of Ostrava Festival) in Czech Republic, was from the ensemble called the Clarinet Factory. Made up of heavily classically credentialed players, they made music that was seductive to the ear.
Courtney Love Is An Opera Singer Now. 
Working With Herb Alpert. Over the years I have often been asked questions like, \Is it intimidating, strange, weird, nerve wracking, or even scary to be working, musically, with a music legend like Herb Alpert?\ No...  not at all, He's just my uncle Herbie.
Music in the Southwest Part 2. Something amazing happened in Tucson over the last weekend, when the Tucson Symphony Orchestra played an all-American program of music by Bernstein, Gershwin, and Copland to open its new season.
Steve Wilson on 'The Making of Gone with the Wind'. Just when I thought I could answer any trivia question on David O. Selznick's 1939 production of Gone with the Wind, comes a treasure of new material in Steve Wilson's book, The Making of Gone with the Wind.
Recycled Tijuana. Occidente Nuevo
The Rumors of Opera's Death Have Been Greatly Exaggerated (Pt. 1). We've been bamboozeled. Opera is so far from dying it isn't even funny. Opera in the U.S in 2014 is practically a newborn baby. Are the biggest companies suffering from financial strain? Yes. But is interest in opera waning? Absolutely not!
This Orchestra Is Out To Redefine The 21st Century Concert Hall Experience. 
Has Gaud\u00ed\u2019s Sagrada Familia Grown Out of Touch?. 
A Night With Lady G. Both Miller and others see the Irish Theater as a way to enrich themselves further in the art of acting by learning and working along with professionals of the field.
As Above, So Below. Lezley Saar's latest exhibition \Monad\ features mixed-media paintings of melancholic Victorian ladies floating through space on cellular vehicles.
Artist Depicts School Shooting Perpetrators Using News Clippings From Around The World. 
Singer Shelley Fisher's Stunning Musical Tribute to Her Jewish Ancestry. We Remember reminds us, that regardless of religion, we are fundamentally similar. As the Jewish High Holidays have returned, I thought what better time to chat with the Hebrew Hillbilly herself.
You Wish Your Grandma Was As Cool As 93-Year-Old Adelaide. 
The Politics of Fashion | The Fashion of Politics (VIDEO). Fashion and politics may be strange bedfellows, but they definitely go together.
Eat Different (PHOTOS). 
First Nighter. Rarely have I seen such a large collection of scene-stealers on one stage.  Check that.  There's so much hilarity occurring that no one can steal a complete scene.  What these thieving actors do is steal extended moments.
The Making of Them. The discordance between words and body language on the part of both the parents and their sons is, at times, painful to watch. Like these young boys, I was unable to be truthful with my parents during my time at boarding school.
Valley Vista. The Valley was its own hotbed of creative activity back in the day when Los Angeles was still on the cusp of recognition as an important center for contemporary art.
Artists To Serve 'Radioactive Soup' To Express Solidarity With Fukushima. 
Why I Collect Racist Ephemera. The greater the upset caused by references to the past, the more intense the urge toward action for the future. Memorabilia should be saved for many reasons, and not all of it needs to inspire nostalgia for the past.
The Trip to Bountiful. While Foote's play may be looking to the past for inspiration, it is a reminder of the America that lives on in the present, perhaps a bit shadowy and below the surface, but still flowing through the American character.
The Love Story Between A Squirrel And A Horse, Told In An Adorably Surreal Photo Essay. 
Whimsy and Terror. It was a global nail-biter last week, but after Scotland voted to uphold their often rocky 300-year union with England, Mark Morris' The Muir and A Wooden Tree, which opened his troupe's season at Cal Performances in Berkeley last night, proved a graceful though decidedly eccentric salute to that proud nation, tinged with melancholy and regret.
Gaud\u00ed's Sagrada Fam\u00edlia To Reach Another Milestone. 
The Hands of  Wayne Thiebaud (PHOTOS). On Sunday, May 18, 2014, on my return trip from San Francisco's Art Market to Los Angeles, I had the opportunity to go to Sacremento to have lunch with legendary pop artist Wayne Thiebaud.
First Nighter. The interest Oliver Sacks takes in the human brain fascinates Peter Brook. The Valley of Astonishment is another consequence of that fascination, and, as presented at the Young Vic, currently Brook's London outlet of choice, it, too, is fascinating.
Drawn At Sea. After lashing down the drawing machine at the ships bow we sailed out of Pierowall Marina at 9:40am, two hours later than we had intended to sail due to heavy fog.
There Is No 'One Kind Of Brooklyn Artist,' And Here's Why. 
'Downton Abbey' Meets Mozart At The Met Opera. All's well that ends well, Shakespeare observed, and the summer of the Metropolitan Opera's discontent could not have ended any better than with its smashing new production of Mozart's Le Nozze di Figaro.
Atlanta Symphony Lockout Is Enforced Silence. What is needed, in Atlanta and everywhere, is the recognition that all sides play a part. It's how philanthropy works -- a partnership, an investment, a shared good. It's how artistry works. Dare I say, it's how excellent management works.
3 Things That Young Women Need to Remember About Feminism. Here are three reasons why feminism doesn't resonate for some women, and a few reminders that address the misconceptions at the core of the issue.
Drawn at Sea. Today we sailed around the entirety of the island of Papa Westray. Onboard aside from the Clipperton Crew is IVANOV, CHAN and their young daughter.
Why Works Of Art Can Shake Us To Our Core (WATCH). 
Striking Street Art Captures The Geometric Romance Between Wood And Paint. 
First Nighter. The Money Shot (title appropriated from porn-industry jargon, if you didn't already know) shouldn't be as consistently amusing as it is.  LaBute get his laughs -- and he gets a carload of them -- from two embarrassingly easy targets.
Young Poet Explains The Essence Of Climate Change. 
Leonard Cohen at 80. 
Prepare to be Uncomfortable. Recently a client asked me how to tell the difference between the natural anxiety a person has when they're moving forward into something new and the gut instinct that something is truly wrong for them.
Theater. 'Almost Home' is set specifically during the Vietnam War and sets up a dichotomy between the kid who has returned from 'Nam in pain and needing somehow to talk and his father, a tight-lipped veteran of World War II.
This Man's Record-Setting Turban Weighs More Than A Child. 
How The Gotham Typeface Came To Define Our Era. 
Artist Merges Genders With Her Late Lover As Ultimate Artistic Collaboration (NSFW). 
First Nighter. There's no telling when Two Gentlemen of Verona will come around again.  So if an incarnation this good is available, that's even more reason to tune right in.
13 Life Lessons From 13 Years At Burning Man. If you can imagine standing in a crowd of hundreds and peering up at art installations/sculptures up to 100 feet high as they burst into flames in symbolic offerings, you would come away with feelings of awe, veneration, wonder and even dread.
Return of Gurney's Love Letters. This playgoer's memory of A. R. Gurney's Love Letters -- the 1988 two-character play consisting of letters between an upper crust boy-turned-man and girl-turned-woman, performed without memorization or blocking by a middle-aged pair of star actors -- is of an amusingly entertaining but slight affair.
The Absurdist Soap Opera Inspired By 'Our Town'. 
Instead of Taking Selfies, Take More Photos!. Photographs are beyond \memory-keepers\ for me. I believe that they are powerful tools. It can reveal secrets, share a story, forge an opinion, bind people and, to some extent, change the world all through simple perception.
This Is How You Visualize The Heartbeat Of A City. 
'Sea Tree' Is The Floating Green Oasis That Could Bring Nature To The City. 
Toddler Takes The Lead In Choreographing Interpretive Dance For Adults. 
Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen on the ImageBlog. 
The Glorious History Of Giant Fingers Ruining Photos. 
Part and Parcel. Elliott's poems don't encourage us to turn to the scholars, but to turn to one another. Together, we can reinvent this risky, dangerous place as our perch.
Crystal Bridges Exhibition Reveals Curatorial Missteps. Covering over 19,000 square feet of exhibition space, State of the Art
Mesmerizing Photographs Prove Burning Man Is Still Alive And Well. 
Photography. The important thing, what truly motivated me in producing this work, after endless research and a good deal of sleepless nights, is the fact that all my subjects were to keep their eyes closed for those very long six seconds that picture-taking required
The E in TEDx Maui 2014. 
These Are 32 Of The Most Stunning Submissions In This Year's World Photography Awards. 
Stella Abrera. Ballet history is usually made in the august opera houses of St. Petersburg, Moscow, London, Paris and New York. But these days historic moments in ballet are taking place elsewhere as Misty Copeland made her debut in Swan Lake.
These Portraits Of Moroccan Hipsters Are More Nuanced Than They Look. 
Winter Is Coming. If you are looking for ways to stay warm this winter, forget the Caribbean and take a plunge with the Coney Island Polar Bears. What struck me the most was the sense of community among the group. The water was cold but the experience has kept me warm inside to this day.
How One Woman Is Turning Her Online Harassment Into Art. 
Uniquely Asian, Uniquely Modern, Proudly Classical. For its 45th \Sapphire\ anniversary season, current Artistic Director Paul Morales has chosen an eclectic program, which opened in July with Agnes Locsin's historic La Revolucion Filipina, a controversial and thought-provoking examination of the events around the Philippine revolt against Spain.
10 Quotes On What Inspires Creativity, And What Most Definitely Does Not. 
Calling All Minds. Benjamin Moe, 21-year-old co-founder and editor-in-chief of Table Talk, sneaks about the dimly lit corridors of a coal factory in rural Jaipur, tacking CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS to the factory's rusty insides.
These Amazing Art Illusions Prove Paper Can Be Anything But Basic. 
Artist Turns Vintage Library Of Congress Photos Into Awesomely Creepy GIFs. 
The Option of Sensing the City. Sensing the city is a personal experience owned by each of us.  From a legal perspective, it is an urban property right that transcends public and private domains. It is a form of place-decoding that deserves more illustration and attention.
Street Artist Gives Johannesburg's Decrepit Landmarks A Neon Pink Makeover. 
Remembering 9/11. Somber. Soaring. Stern. Eerily silent. Chi Modu's breathtaking portrait of the late hip-hop legend Notorious B.I.G. resonates as powerfully as ever on this Sept. 11 anniversary. Chi, the former staff photographer, tells the story behind this photo:
Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival 2014 - Daniel Ulbricht/Ballet 2014. I photographed and filmed a lot of top-notch ballet this summer.
My Daughter Took Me to Burning Man. My husband and I were going to Burning Man for the first time -- under the tutelage of our 26-year old daughter, Zai, her partner, Phil, and a large group of their friends.
'Dance on the Lawn' -- Community Dance Festival Sets Standard. I had the privilege recently to attend a dance festival a bit different from the norm -- not one produced by an established organization, or part of a regional effort, or one of the well known dance festivals found in nearby New York City
Beloved Detroit Artist Dies At 60. 
Something Seems Very Wrong with Japan's 'Art Aquarium' Craze. 
Yield to Whim. I recently received an incredibly generous \gift of time\ from the Djerassi Resident Artist Program (DRAP) in Woodside, California. \Time\ seemed like a peculiar perk for an artist residency program to tout, but once I arrived on the ranch I understood what it meant.
Where Does Art Come From?. 
#childrennotsoldiers. This story is fiction, but it could unfold in Iraq or Syria or Afghanistan or Libya or the Central African Republic or Colombia or Ukraine or Gaza or the Philippines or anywhere in at least 23 countries around the world where conflicts affect children.
Going the Distance in the Entertainment Industry. Whatever you accomplish in this business will only come about if you pursue it. Nothing will come to you, no matter how much talent you may have.
Artist Channels Ancient Myths, Fairy Tales And Mundane Moments In Fantastical Crochet. 
Cindy Jackson's Stalled Rapture. By turns deftly framing the problem through satire and alleviating the pressure through humor and craftsmanship, Jackson's work speaks to our yearning for salvation partly through irony and partly through love.
For 15 Years, This Photographer Inserted Herself Into Other Women's Lives. 
Art Galleries Get Wise During the Busiest Time of the Year. Art patrons scramble trying to figure out which exhibition will have the best opening and art party. Yes, there are a few galleries that choose a later date to celebrate the opening of the next exhibition, but most have not strayed from this ritual.
The Powerful Reason This Artist Drew Vaginas (NSFW Video). 
Get Your Quick And Dirty Arts Education With Haiku Reviews. 
How The 'I Love New York' Logo Went From A Scribble To An Iconic Piece Of Graphic Design. 
Reinserting Black Women Into Art History. 
15 Stunning Male Dancers Expand What It Means To Be Masculine. 
Give Them an 'E' For Effort. Despite what some people think, storytelling is very much an acquired skill. Not everyone does a good job of it. Some folks are incapable of even launching a narrative.
Margaret Ouchida. Art history, ecclesiastics, fabulism and a profound delight in materials conspire in the studio of Margaret Ouchida.
Czech's Mix. The massive Colours of Ostrava Festival books major (and less major) acts from the world over. This year, there was a special opening night entitled \Crossroads\ dedicated solely to currents in Czech music.
Stage Door. It may sound an unusual topic for cabaret, but the actress, who devised the concept, melodies and vocal compositions, scores another musical triumph. Her jazzy rendition of Neruda's love poems is hypnotic, delivered in Spanish, French and English.
11 Odd Household Objects That Will Intrigue You, Then Frustrate You Beyond Belief. For as much discomfort her cruel designs give us, they do make us appreciate good design one hell of a lot more.
I Remember Trees. The dialogue between photograph and drawing begins to unpack complex economic and ecological forces that have shaped this landscape, mapping cycles of extraction and transformation from the scale of the neighborhood, to the region, to the globe.
Artist Turns Hundreds Of Old Shoes Into Something Spectacular. 
The True Cost Of Printing In Comic Sans Is As Horrifying As You'd Imagine. Little printing choices can have a big impact on our environment AND our wallets.
Thinking Outside the (White) Box. It is worth breaking out the map and heading to Thinhstudio in Hawthorne on September 6th for a one-night exhibition/cultural happening/artistic hangout.
3D Lytro Illum Photos. Lytro pictures are interactive photos built for the web. The camera incorporates a new technology known as light-field photography.
Art and Landscape in Nordland, Northern Norway. Adelsteen Normann, a painter born in Bod\u00f8, depicts the Norwegian landscapes, especially fjords.  The gallery owner, Harald Bod\u00f8gaard described Normann as \forgotten artist\ and he hopes to help bring him \into the light again.\
Why Are Art Galleries So Cold?. 
Who Needs 10 FPS when you can have 1 Frame Every 10 Minutes? 5 Min Portrait 1850's Edition. 
Conor Walton. Conor Walton, one of Ireland's leading representational painters, strives to create paintings that go beyond mere technical competence.
Sweet Meets, Sweet Treats. Although many of these stories are marketed to the public for the upswing of the story cycle (when two people meet and start to feel all tingly about each other), they often fail to mention the downside of the story.
Willi Dorner's 'Bodies in Urban Spaces' (VIDEO). 
5.5 Tips To Get Better Tennis Photos. 
A Portrait Of Millennial Artist Nguy\u1ec5n Chi. Nguy\u1ec5n is at a sensitive juncture in her life, one that finds her looking to the past for both forgiveness and permission so she can forge a future free from regret. But in doing so she's already claimed a new, divergent path.
Here's A Hermit Crab Shelter Because Why Not?. 
How Artists Are Transforming Detroit. 
The World's Largest Artist Colony Is About To Be Bulldozed. 
Indian Elephant Who Paints Gets Gallery Show. 
A Trove Of 'Lost And Found' Photos Reveal One Mystery Couple's Beautiful Life. 
Not Every Traditional Art Is Just a Handicraft!. Through my lenses for traditional art, I have been researching how regional art forms have emerged over centuries and how undiscovered talents in remote villages do extraordinary creativity in their native art form.
'Whisper In My Mask' Explores The Stunning Complexities Of Disguise. 
Indigenous Performance Artist Will Experience 8 Hours Of Abuse In 'Redskin'. 
Finding Art in Everyday Life. 
The Last Days of Summer. 
Fire Island Is Oasis For Queer Creatives. 
These Hyperrealistic Wood Sculptures Will Make Your Jaw Drop. 
Chris Trueman on the ImageBlog. 
Live and Dangerous. This year's headliners range in style from Busta Rhymes to Chic to Beck. But everyone knows about the big guys -- here are three emerging acts set to perform that are also well worth checking out if you plan on being in the UK for Bestival this year.
I Contain Multitudes. Their team didn't make the finals, or even the semifinals, but there was something about his performance, his intenseness, his citing Emily Dickinson with grit. The clip was so short, just a few words; no one would even know that he was performing Emily Dickinson...but I would know.
Choreographer Mark Dendy Enters the Labyrinth. I was intrigued when I recently read about Dendy's new dance-play, Labyrinth -- in particular, how it compared and contrasted to his earlier piece. Reading about it took me back to the brief time I spent with him, and I was eager to find out how his life and career had evolved.
This Badass Lady Taxidermist Stuffs Her Animals And Eats Them Too. 
Jeff Koons at the Whitney. Anyone who cares about contemporary art and is in New York City should certainly visit the Whitney Museum's current Jeff Koons retrospective. I went with low expectations, thinking I'd seen it all before. But I'm delighted to report that there is a lot to learn and enjoy in this retrospective.
Artist Turns Abandoned Building Into Life-Size Dollhouse. 
Eerie Photos Capture Scientists' Frightened Responses To Climate Change Discussions. 
Why I'm a Transformative Language Artist. Leary of bedpans, I was too clumsy to serve people in the friendly airs or pli\u00e9 on the unfriendly stage, too short and stubby to model, too easily-distracted to take dictation, and too much of a ham to be a good actress.
Artist Makes Masks Out Of Junk Food And Supremely Creeps Everyone Out (NSFW). 
Here's 'Twin Peaks' Re-Imagined As A Retro Arcade Game. 
And Here Is The LEGO House You've Always Dreamed Of. 
Marx Brothers Make Merry in TV Collection. The Shout! Factory release of \The Marx Brothers TV Collection,\ an omnibus of the Brothers Marx's post-film career TV appearances, is occasion enough to celebrate once more the irrepressible talents of Groucho, Chico and Harpo Marx.
Comic Takes Your Awful First Date To Its Logically Terrifying Extreme. 
We Can't Believe This Red Rock Canyon Tree Exists On Planet Earth. 
Exhibition Explores Body Image In Los Angeles. 
What Your Fear Can Tell You About Your Art. My fear was that in creating truthful work, I would finally be seen and would no longer be able to hide behind a safe facade. Yet when I consulted my desires, that was exactly what I wanted and what had lead me out of that religion in the first place.
Freyda Miller. Her process in putting this book together as a singular object in itself -- pulling together a multifaceted story out of disparate elements -- manifests the same aesthetic impulse to combine and reconfigure materials into a larger, complex but cohesive, holistic vision.
A Guitar Solo Set To The Exact Tune Of That Crazy, Weeping Japanese Politician. 
Scientists Calculate The Exact Minute Impressionism Was Born. 
Man Defaces Jeff Koons Retrospective With Own Blood. 
Behold, The Language Of Street Art In Istanbul. 
LOOK. 
Start-Art. For too long the contemporary art world has been the exclusive redoubt of insiders, tastemakers, and a privileged elite. Gertrude has exploded this paradigm, and fashioned a conversational forum that democratizes and demystifies contemporary art.
Highlights from Miami's 18th Brazilian Film Festival. Sexuality, infidelity and creativity dominate as central themes in the highlights from this week's lineup.
Artist's Underwater Crochet 'Bomb' May Have Killed Marine Life. 
Meet Marina Abramopug, The Grandpuppy Of Performance Art. 
14 Artists Who Are Transforming The Future Of Opera. 
We Are Star Dust. Even though we know much more about the stars now -- about how they are born, live and die -- our physical existence is so tethered to them, that I am convinced that the stars will continue to inspire magnificent poetry.
Plimpton! The Professional Amateur. Plimpton! Starring George Plimpton as Himself is a fascinating investigation of a literary figure who never really got his due. Whether it was because of his concentration on subjects such as sports; his participatory adventures in journalism; or his status as a public figure; many in the literary establishment never really took him seriously, despite his enormous contribution to the world of letters as head of The Paris Review.
The Selfie Made Out Of Blood You've (Maybe) Been Waiting For (NSFW). 
Photographer Sends His Kids Back In Time With These Moving Vintage Photos. 
Who Is FKA Twigs?. Twigs speaks to an age where musical genres are like ingredients best thoroughly mixed and baked. Twigs speaks to those whose lies are as important as their truths, especially those who can mix the two to create art.
Moving Side Show to Broadway. Whenever a show makes this big move it is a cause for celebration. It suggests that the producing theaters created something of value, something that for-profit producers believe will be of interest to a far wider audience than any single regional theater can reach.
Utah Shakespeare Festival Offers Unique Experience. The Utah Shakespeare Festival is truly unique. Founded in 1961 and presenting its first season in 1962, the organizers wanted to create something special. And they have.
First Nighter. It can said that while Poor Behavior isn't reprehensibly bad, it also isn't what you might call good. Well, maybe relatively. But relative to what?
A Conversation with Danielle Eubank, Expedition Artist, On Her Upcoming Trip to the Arctic Circle. Recipient of a 2014-15 Pollock-Krasner Foundation Grant, Danielle Eubank paints bodies of water. She also paints water as if it were a body. The way light plays on its surface, the way it reveals its depths to show actual and emotional ripples.
'The Lady of Shalott,' TE San Pedro Rep. Richard Wagner thought a gesamtkunstwerk, an integration of all the arts, would be the purest form of theatre. \The Lady of Shalott
An Art Form That Just Keeps Evolving. I'm often amused by the random juxtaposition of shows I attend from one night to the next. One could hardly position two American musicals that differ quite as much in their performance history, style, and appeal than the two I saw in back-to-back performances a few months ago.
Brace Yourselves, A Bjork Documentary Is Coming. 
10 (More) Gorgeous Colorized Photos That Put History In A New Light. 
La.Lit, a Literary Magazine, Launches Third Print Volume at City Museum of Kathmandu. What kind of space -- literary, cultural, socio-political, psycho-emotional -- does a Nepali writing in English have in Nepal? And in the world?
This Is What Happens When You Use A Waterfall As Your Canvas. 
The Vulnerable Side Of A 'Stalwart New York Song-And-Dance Man'. 
The Expressionist as Rationalist. Thinking is not always associated with abstract expressionism. After all, the technique was called \action painting\ and it's quarterback, Jackson Pollock, was intentionally or unintentionally rough around the edges.
Jewish Jesus and Identity Theft in Renaissance Art. If you look at Renaissance artworks that depict Jesus, you will not find any evidence of a Jew inside the Christianized Jesus -- even though the Gospels in the New Testament tell us that Jesus was Jewish to the core.
My Manhattan. The city was the co-star. On August 14, 1978, the dynamic duo was talking quietly about the staging of the next shot. We were on East 58th near the end of the street. It was almost dawn. The 59th Street Bridge loomed large in the background with its existing lights defining it in a majestic, urban way.
Artist Creates Handmade Digital Images By Stitching Pixels. 
The First Hasidic Rock Band. Dressed as their religion dictates, they set up their own equipment, they had no roadies, and from what I understand they couldn't play from sundown Friday to Saturdays because of the Sabbath.
16 Beautiful Life Lessons From The Pen Of A Children's Book Illustrator. 
Creativity Isn't Free. We creatives don't like to think of ourselves in those terms. We have a love/hate relationship with personal branding and ourselves as product (if the audience doesn't want what I have, well screw 'em).
It's About the Music, Stupid!. With so many people listening to music through earbuds, I frequently wonder if any of them have a library of music resting within their memory that they can access without the help of an electronic device.
Why You Need Painting to Say That Painting Is Dead. I'm a painter, so of course I find statements about the death of painting annoying, but also sloppy thinking, since painting is what it takes to be able to even make the statement.
How Garry Winogrand Captured America. 
The Hollywood Blacklist in Exile. Stories of the Hollywood blacklist of the 1940s and '50s are, by now, well known. Many books, articles and documentaries exist about the lives of actors who the studios deemed unemployable because of their association with the Communist Party.
'No Exit,' Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre, Long Beach, CA. It takes place in a small room. No windows, no mirrors, no way out. Uptown Estelle (Genevieve Simon) is attracted to Garcin (Anthony B. Cohen). Inez (Natalie Beisner) is attracted to Estelle.
Badass Feminist Robot Puts Pie Charts On Actual Pies. 
Stage Door. Give it up for Anna Fishbeyn, who manages to turn painful memoir into an insightful, entertaining show.
Sustainability of Traditional Art Forms. From the early civilization days, human beings believed in culture. Every society practiced one or the other form of art or craft.
Meet The Lady Gaga Of Myanmar. 
Time Release. After opens like a horror story. An ominous undertow pervades its early frames, giving us the feeling we are watching a scary movie that will tighten its screws and escalate our dread until something too terrifying to endure occurs.
Ultimate Proof That The Best Tourists Are '80s Tourists. 
Behold, The Beauty Of Pushkar's Holy Men. 
The Best Burning Man Kickstarter Is Way Simpler Than You'd Expect. 
Finally, Artist Paints Female Nudes As They Really Are (NSFW). 
This Animated Short Captures The Israel-Palestine Conflict In Under Four Minutes. 
Meet Cameron, The Countercultural Icon Who Bewitched Los Angeles. 
Streamsong Resort. 
The Many (Portrait) Faces of Virginia Woolf. 
This Man Inspires Us To Up Our Selfie Game, Big Time. 
Art School Defends Failing Student's Poo Sculpture. 
This Smart Gemstone Cap Is The Mood Ring Of The Future. 
NYC Photographer Leverages Instagram to Plot the Future of Marketing. In the past two years Instagram has shot to mainstream popularity. For those who may have just recently jumped on the bandwagon, you may not know that Instagrams' early adopters were photographers.
An Eggplant With A Yolk? These Fruits And Veggies Are Not What They Seem!. What you see is definitely not an orange.
An Artistic Milestone For One Of NYC's Most Prolific Female Playwrights. 
Proof The World Has Long Been Paranoid About Tropical Disease. 
Conversation Piece. The truth is that for the average person, visiting a local art show or museum means just admiring the artist's passion, celebrating their creative growth, and maybe searching for some inspiration for your own artistic or personal endeavors.
'The Man of La Mancha,' San Pedro Theatre Club. When someone's said to be quixotic, it's meant that they're too impractical and idealistic for their own good. Enter Man of La Mancha, written by Dale Wasserman, with words and music by Joe Darion and Mitch Leigh.
Hallucinatory Portraits That Rethink the Ways We Look at Women. 
10 Ballet Photos That Prove Dancing Is The Magical Alternative To Walking. 
This Mesmerizing GoPro Video Will Make You Feel Like A 'Human Coin'. 
The Threepenny Opera, The Garage Theatre IN COLLISION WITH Alive Theatre, Long Beach, CA. Bertolt Brecht's \The Threepenny Opera,\ directed by Eric Hamme for the Garage Theatre IN COLLISION WITH Alive Theatre, offers a rambunctiously cynical look at London's demimonde, at the corporatization of its street beggars, at the doings of its criminal underworld.
Twitter Fights of the High Renaissance. A blog and video that recently appeared on the HuffingtonPost Arts page -- Why Leonardo Da Vinci Was A Loser (And What That Means For You) -- has apparently re-ignited a longstanding feud between Leonardo da Vinci and his frenemy Michelangelo.
Twist and Shout. Accuracy is tossed out the window along with nuance, leaving audiences to either suspend reason and swallow sagas whole, or watch at a remove, uncertain which parts are (sort of) true, and which are fabricated to hit those bullet points deemed essential to commercial success.
A Master Builder. 
Damien Hirst Is Building A Town No One Wants. 
When it Comes to Leveling the Playing Field for Women Writers, VIDA Reminds us that Women are Not Alone. With the pervasiveness of gender inequality in nearly every arena, it's heartening to know that there are passionate individuals and organizations out there working hard to affect change.
Coming to America. According to Kander and Ebb, \If I can make it there, I'd make it anywhere.\ Perhaps more than anything else, that sentiment lies at the core of two new films seen at the 2014 San Francisco International Film Festival.
Artist Destroys Wedding Norms With Gorgeously Strange Bridal Portraits. 
Big Dreams Over Broadway (#ArtofY). Do you have big Broadway dreams? Read on as Synthia Link, a Swing in Bullets Over Broadway, shares how she landed her versatile and coveted role in Mel Brooks' jazz-age spectacle.
Shakespeare's Hamlet Heads to Honduras. In celebration of this anniversary, London's famous Globe theater company has launched an ambitious plan to perform Shakespeare's perhaps most famous play, Hamlet, in 205 countries over the next two years.
Qatar World Cup Stadium Workers Earn Way Less Than They Should. 
Here Are The Giant Luxury Towers That Will Replace New York's Most Iconic Graffiti Wall. 
Rock-and-Roll Dandies Through the Years. From 1960s British mods to soulful crooners to psychedelic guitarists, musicians from every genre have used fashion as a tool to amplify their brand and persona.
The Preservation Hall Jazz Band at the Ford Theater. 
Jon Pylypchuk on the ImageBlog. 
The Louvre Gardens Are Teeming with Rats. 
Styrofoam Stop-Motion Is The Next Beautiful Thing. 
Here's Proof That Beautiful Art Is Hiding In The Most Mundane Of Places. 
Can a Portrait Look Back?. The portrait genre was born out of a primal urge of conquering the biggest obstacle of life -- namely death.
Stunning Auction Highlights The New Faces Of Middle Eastern Art. 
Birds of a Feather. With the strong British influence throughout ABT's history -- it currently counts its Macmillan and Ashton repertory among its greatest strengths -- it is no surprise that ABT has focused on the narrative potential of the work.
Ill Visuals. Rising stars, in their own right, Rez Ones and Boogie's lives are already on display and getting involved with someone that shares their passion and lifestyle can be a blessing and a curse. When it's good, it's great.
#AOLBUILD Spotlights Lindsey Stirling. 
12 Delicious Marcel Duchamp Quotes To Unleash Your Inner Artist. 
Attention Must Be Paid. The San Francisco Opera recently revived John Copley's 1987 production of Verdi's masterpiece (commissioned by Terry McEwen) as part of its 2014 summer season. Not having seen this particular production since it came online nearly 25 years ago, I had looked forward to getting reacquainted with its charms.
Koons, Walker and the Examination of Life and Death. Jeff Koons and Kara Walker are far from the first artists to explore the concept of life and death in their artwork. In fact, this concept is the very essence of what the art world constantly seeks to investigate.
First Nighter. Before he began writing as well as directing his celebrated movies, Preston Sturges uncorked Strictly Dishonorable, a hit Broadway show.  It was such a click that although it opened a little more than a month before the October 1929 stock market crash, it ran until January 1931.
Theater. I only showed up out of polite interest as a Sturges fanatic, wondering if glimmers of his genius would be visible. Indeed, his sparkling, distinctive gift for dialogue and whiplash changes in emotion from sincere to silly are on full display.
Robert Wilson's Lady Gaga Portraits at The Watermill Center's Annual Summer Benefit/ \Andy Warhol. 
'Kick' (Hindi, with English subtitles). 
Mutoid Waste Guide the Lost Tea Party to Burning Man. The first experience of a Mutoid Waste installation may  trigger a load of reactions. Often it starts with the inevitable \wow\ of disbelief. After a few seconds, when reality has somehow kicked back in, this disbelief morphs into pure joy and then a sense of playfulness.
Artist Sends 99 Sad Critters Down China's 'Dead Pigs' River. 
Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (Humpty Sharma's Bride); Hindi, with English subtitles. Watching Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (Humpty Sharma's Bride), a Bollywood romantic comedy written and directed by Shashank Khaitan, is like watching soccer. It's got a huge playing field, the clock keeps ticking, and there's always something going on.
Maya Bloch on the ImageBlog. 
Our First Year. This month marks the first anniversary of the Barbara Prey Gallery on Main Street in Williamstown, Massachusetts.  Opening a gallery was not something I had honestly planned.
Breathtaking Photos Of Witch Doctors And Healers Reveal The Spiritual Diversity Of Bolivia. 
CultureZohn. \You have to practice finishing,\ Tiler reminds the toe students after a series of turns, \you can't just stop in mid-step and freeze.\ A good lesson for life as well as ballet.
Artist Conjures The Ghosts Hidden In Found Vintage Photos. 
ANDY. The Bearded Ladies cabaret has an carved out an avid theater following in Philadelphia in just a couple of years. The nine-member troupe explores the many traditions and forms the art of cabaret can take, even for the opera stage.
This Is How Many Plastic Bottles New Yorkers Discard In One Hour. 
This Is What Making Out Actually Looks Like. 
Emoji Are Taking Over The World, And One Artist Is Documenting The Damage. 
Terry Richardson Photos Get Even Creepier (NSFW). 
A BIG Maze Inspired By Ancient Labyrinths Takes Over A Museum. 
Reality and Imagination. For this ongoing project titled \Reality and Imagination,\ photographer Leslie Jean-Bart spends hours at Coney Island, studying the sea, the sand, the boardwalk, the people, their interactions.
Janet Krupin Keeps Dance Music Trill. Krupin and Caraballo have a vision of electronic dance music (EDM) that refreshes people through movement and sound, a vision of dance music that leaves people with a cleared mind and increased connection with the universe.
Ojai Turns on the Water Works. Direct, immediate, nuanced, and responsive to the artist's hand, water-based mediums defy attempts at revision, demanding that the artist work quickly and intuitively, and be acutely present in the moment.
This Floating Platform Could Filter The Plastic From Our Polluted Oceans. 
Classics in HD -- Film School 101 at Symphony Space. Under the expert curatorial guidance of Ed Budz, the Thalia theater at Symphony Space is offering a remarkable cinematic series this summer. Appropriately if prosaically titled Classics in HD, it includes some of the most memorable films in 20th century film history.
Tattoo Artist Brings Dots And Lines To New Heights In Stunning Geometric Ink Designs. 
Awol Erizku's Eight-Track. Erizku is a photographer and a self-reflective curator.  He tells me that he envisioned his show as a mixtape - he's got some hits mixed in with some tracks that he might need to convince you are worth a listen.
Laura Palmer's House Could Become A 'Twin Peaks' Museum, Shrine And B&B. 
This Is What Happens When Doodles Grow Up. 
A Letter to AirBnB's CEO, With Love, From Georgia O'Keeffe. I can understand your frustrations if the gadflies are harping on the implications of your rebrand. I never intended to offend or titillate my viewers either; rather I wanted to set myself a part from others.
A Love Letter To Louise Bourgeois, A Feminist Icon Whether She Likes It Or Not. 
Czech Folk-Rock. \u010cechomor marked their 25th year as a band in 2013, and they celebrated with another live concert and recording project, their most ambitious in a career of ambitious projects
Surreal Portraits Of 'Face-Peeled' People. 
10 Things You Might Not Know About Cindy Sherman. I was wondering recently what might be gleaned from them if they were considered individually. This is the reality of how they're most often exhibited and reproduced now anyways.
The Bard of the Upper Reaches. My favorite course in college was one of the obvious and simple ones
This Organic Skyscraper Is Designed To Literally Grow As Its Residents Recycle. 
Interview With the Last Peyote Guardians. Jos\u00e9 Luis \Katira\ Ram\u00edrez was serving as the governor of his community of San Andr\u00e9s Cohamiata, Jalisco, when he met Argentine filmmaker Hern\u00e1n Vilchez. He was not like any governor Vilchez had ever met.
India's 'Flower Men' Are A New Kind Of Masculine. 
Piece of My Heart. I got both leading ladies to participate in my recurring feature where I ask actors random, often silly, questions taken directly from the subject matter or text of the show.
Sex Lessons from the Old Masters (NSFW). With the debut of the cable series Masters of Sex, any purely art historical Google search for risque old master paintings is now totally skewed to the Showtime television program.
10 Things About Having an Opera Career That You Don't Learn in School. As someone who has been working in this industry for the past 15 years, I wanted to share with all of you some of the tidbits I wished someone had told me when I was starting out. Brace yourselves - it's not all pretty.
In Art and Life. The more I've evolved as a person, the more I've embraced my humanity and know many of my character defects are simply survival skills gone awry. Unbeknownst to me, the more I accepted myself, the tighter I gripped my paintbrushes
Marble Statue Looks Exactly Like Ron Swanson, But Was Carved In Mid-1800s. 
Lithuanian Orchestra Performs With A Piano-Playing Cat, Calls It A 'Catcerto'. 
5 Penis-Shaped Toys That Show Japan Fears Only One Gender's Genitals. 
Art Collective Puts Nuclear History In Perspective. 
First Nighter. 
Repurposing With a Passion. In an attempt to bring together compelling examples of this trend, I asked a number of artists from various parts of the world to answer four questions with the hopes of clarifying this ever-increasing phenomenon of repurposing with a passion.
Life Interrupted -- My Experience at the Jerusalem Film Festival. When are the sirens going to go off next? How can this ever end? Will our lives always be interrupted by these sirens? Weddings, openings of festivals, can we have major events? Will normality ever return?
Who Knew Photographing Puddles Could Be So Mesmerizing?. 
The Giant Red Ball That's Touring The Globe In The Name Of Art. 
Interview With Louise Munson, Playwright of Luigi. I spoke with Munson about her new work, a story of poetry, memories and the intergenerational connection of family.
'Fiddler on the Roof' -- Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre. Old habits die hard. Especially when the habits are religious traditions and the agents of change seek to persecute those traditions. \Fiddler on the Roof,\ written by Joseph Stein, music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, directed by Phyllis B. Gitlin for the Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre, is a moving and painful account of the conflict.
Meet the Ladies of the West Hamilton Koons Club. 
In Real Time. Engagement comes in the unfolding of these richly drawn lives, and the nostalgic reviewing of our own. It all seems so real, and yet, Boyhood is scripted in its major moments, with improvisation from the actors.
On Kawara, Japanese Conceptual Artist, Dies At 81. 
Urban Living and the Necessity of the Arts. In coping with many of the issues we face, urban mayors spend much time focusing on the live and work part of growing their cities, but the play portion is similarly important, especially when it comes to the arts.
14 Beautiful Artworks That Prove Brazil Is Much More Than The World Cup. 
One Artist's Love Affair With New York City, Frozen In Time. 
Ives Maes on the ImageBlog. 
The Artist and the Astronaut by Bruce Helander. 
Cinematic Ukraine. There is no better time for a film festival in Ukraine, even if it would appear to be during such a volatile moment in the country's history.
Behold, The Most Magical (And Massive) Picnic Of All Time. 
These Gorgeous 'Sculptures' Were Built By Bees. 
How China's Most Famous Grounded Artist Collaborated With A Navajo Man Thousands Of Miles Away. 
A Stravinsky Vaudeville with Claws. If the Devil had a band that doubled as a theater production company, that company might the The Drunkards Wife, for nothing this delightfully experimental could be considered holy.
American Families in Crisis. While each of these dramas deals with weighty issues, it's no surprise to hear the audience frequently laughing during the performance. Is it because one man's tragedy is another man's comedy? Or because human beings, in their most fallible moments, are a constant source of wonder and entertainment?
First Nighter. William Shakespeare historians have tried and failed to find a figure during the reigns of Henry IV and Henry V who might have been the inspiration for Sir John Falstaff, whom many of the playwright's advocates consider the preeminent Shakespeare character.
'Bobby Jasoos' (Hindi; English subtitles). Bilkis Ahmed aka Bobby (Vidya Balan) wants to be a detective. But there are obstacles. First, her training. She has none, a point her boss from the agency where she wanted to work pounds home. Second, her gender. She's a woman.
For Your Viewing Pleasure, We Present Some Nude Piles As Art (NSFW). 
There's A Tiny Pool In The Middle Of The Mojave Desert, And You Can Swim In It. 
You Might Not Know It, But Parakeets Have Invaded The Skies Of Tokyo. 
Winning Our Independence Required Vision and Muscle -- With a Hearty Helping of Art. I like to think Washington and Franklin would be proud as we celebrate our great country this weekend with music, with art, with community. It's a very American thing to do.
The Accidental Sensuality Of Ancient Indian Wrestling. 
'Big Bad' Israeli Film. American film aficionados (and Academy members) seem predisposed to view Israeli film in a specific light -- that of the conflict. That makes sense. It's sensational, tragic and ongoing. But this leaves American audiences with a skewed view.
GHOST the Musical. The magic of GHOST, both the film and musical production, is the chilling sensation you get watching the hero fight for the woman he loves from beyond the grave.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat.
ROW Premieres Tchaikovsky Rarity. Pianist and repertoire specialist Ghenady Meirson has been the go to-master for two decades in Philadelphia for authentic Russian operatic repertoire.
A Rose for Martha's Vineyard. The earliest memory Rose has of creating art was when she was five-years old. She would sit with pencils in her hand and draw and draw until she was exhausted.
4 Contemporary Female Photographers Who Put The Middle East In Perspective. 
X-Woman. A month later, Darrow handed me an X-Men comic book opened to an early page. I was stunned. There I was. My face, my hair, my physique. But on the page I wasn't a student and a personal trainer, I was Dr. Cecilia Reyes.
Living Legends of Jazz. I continue to believe that jazz is an art form that has become the most internationally cooperative means of communication in the world today. As artists and listeners alike have found out it can be a tremendously spiritual medium allowing us to transcend everyday life with beauty and connectivity.
M\u00e9lissa Laveaux at The Global Beat Festival - Serving Smiles and Warmth. The rain in the beginning of New York's summer season occurs often and prodigiously. It doesn't however, impede the progress or plans of the average Gotham pedestrian.
You Can Plant A Virtual Tree That Grows To The Rhythm Of Your Heartbeat. 
Start Spreading the News. Send a clear, concise well-formatted email that focuses on highlights from the season, including some photographs, to donors (and key prospects), volunteers, board members, subscribers and key press. This is a very inexpensive and easy way to celebrate the year just finished.
Jennifer Reeves 1963 - 2014, With Apologies To ee cummings' (Buffalo Bill's). 
Mama Won't Fly, Little Fish Theatre, San Pedro, CA. It's summer. That means we need beach type entertainment material. Navigable, fun, not too ponderous. It also means road trips, planned as much as one can plan a road trip, a chance to connect with family, and, also, fun.
Artist's Portrayal Of Kim Kardashian As A Religious Idol Stirs Controversy, Obviously. 
Undeniable Labors of Love. Politicians, warriors and self-important fools frequently fail to learn anything from the past. But for creative types, the past offers a wondrous portal which invites them to explore science and history (as well as the history of comparative religion, costume design, distant cultures and lots more).
Kim Gordon And Arcade Fire Are In A Short Film Together, Commence Collective Squee. 
An Artist, Wrapped In A Mystery, Inside Shiny Stainless Steel. 
Mary Rodgers. Mary Rodgers died yesterday, at the age of 83.  I do hope that her book is forthcoming, as she was a firsthand observer of and participant in our musical theater world.  And one who was willing to speak candidly, with good nature and humor.
Ask the Art Professor. Today, saying you want to be a full-time art professor is basically like saying you want to be an A-list movie star.
We Never Thought We'd Say This, But These Skulls Look Good Enough To Eat. 
27 (More) Photographers You Need To Follow On Instagram Right Now. 
Agnieszka Holland's Burning Bush. Political films tend to create a black and white universe and Burning Bush is rescued from being a lives of the saints, employing the Czech penchant for ambivalence and irony, which serve to broaden its moral spectrum
M.F.A Abstraction, Crapstraction, Dropcloth Abstraction or Zombie Abstraction? Recommended Reading #2. If you haven't seen this series of videos, they're a great learning/teaching resource on the painting techniques of the Abstract Expressionists -- specifically Pollock, Newman, Rothko, Reinhardt and Kline -- by Corey d'Augustine of The Museum of Modern Art, New York.
Philly's Whacky Reception Groupies. If you've ever been to an event in Center City that included a reception, such as opening night at the theater or an art gallery, you know how much fun they can be.
Forget Everything You Knew About The Circus -- This Performance Is Fine Art. 
Talking to Jordan Rudess about HarmonyWiz. 
What Makes a Plan Strategic?. While many arts institutions may have the same general goals (sell more tickets, raise more money, etc.) the path to achieving these goals will differ markedly from one organization to another.
Reach Out and Touch Someone. When people think about artistic achievement, many focus on an individual's triumph in winning an award to recognize his talent. The truth is that the road leading up to that person's moment of glory was paved with the input of many others.
Stage Door. Barcel\u00f3 Con Hielo, written by Marco Antonio Rodriquez, who also plays Nino, poignantly delves into the tricky torment of memory with both humor and pathos. Rodriquez posits a family drama in which two sons, the responsible Sergio, a young painter, and irresponsible Dennis, cope with their ailing father.
Universal Humanism or Identity Art? Which Works Better for You?. When I look at works of art I am more interested than ever in a single question
15 International Summer Art Exhibitions You Should Definitely See. 
This Upcoming Exhibit On 'Human Freedom' Is Ironic For A Few Reasons. 
The Surpising Beauty Of The World's Most Eccentric Hobby Clubs. 
S\u00f3nar Festival Offers More Than You Might Expect. This year, S\u00f3nar highlighted a very modern reality
Holbrook/Twain. On June 18, 2014 the American Film Institute offered audiences the opportunity to become familiar with the truth when its five-day documentary festival in Washington D.C. opened with an instant classic.
Ground Zero. This anonymous little store will endure as the truest testament of what was there and all that was lost. It stands as the purest expression of memory possible
Bj\u00f6rk Is Getting Her Own Massive Art Exhibition. 
The Cultural Landscape Architects. \When the Stars Begin to Fall
Living on the Edge. Given the North American urban renaissance, how much development can the highly desirable edge of a park absorb? How much vertical aspiration can our horizontal ideal accommodate?
Watch Out, There's A Giant Armadillo-Like Structure Taking Over Paris. 
Classic Portraits Are Way Better When Painted On Beer Cans. 
The (Tortured) Soul of Wit. I like to imagine that the collected works of @NeinQuarterly will make their way into a dissertation one day, perhaps written by an earnest graduate student interested in U.S.-German cultural relations as mediated by the internet in the 2010s.
Photographer Documents Things We Tell The Internet, But Wouldn't Tell Our Moms. 
Get Me. If Joe Beck somehow had the desire, the dream to leave one last recorded legacy of what this music really meant to him, then surely the brilliantly recorded Get Me is a wonderfully realized dream.
This Street Performer Has A Vocal Range Like Nothing You've Ever Heard Before. 
Powering Up. Despite LaBute's unfortunate script, Power Plays is an overall enjoyable, light night at the theatre. The 75-minute runtime and affordable price make this an easy night of live theatre.
Colorado Ballet Company Proves Dancers Have Way More Fun Than The Rest Of Us. 
This 'Mud Mural' Is Changing The Lives Of Indian Schoolkids. 
Debunking the Myths of Kara Walker's Sugar Sphinx. Kara Walker's sugar sphinx descended upon Brooklyn last month, bringing well over 35 tons of sweetness to the cavernous darkness of the old Domino Sugar Factory.
Papa, Can You Hear Me?. I first saw Wilson's play during its 1987 pre-Broadway tryout at the Curran Theatre in San Francisco with James Earl Jones in the lead role. At the time, I found it difficult to appreciate Wilson's play.
Mesmerizing Nudes Show A Softer Side Of America's Darkest Street Photographer (NSFW). 
Images Of 'The Great American City' Will Take You Back In Time. 
From Picasso to Joyce, Dylan, and Jobs. Stylistic versatility has penetrated one discipline after another
On Trial. I struggled to write this article. I was imagining people scouring the article for every little thing I did wrong. I was constantly questioning the worth and validity of what I had to say.  I'm still doing it as I write this.
Bunny Yeager's Vibrant Legacy Lives on in Las Vegas. The photographer on the beach that day was Bunny Yeager and the model was 32-year old Bettie Page. This iconic image is included in the exhibition \Bunny's Bombshells\ at Sin City Gallery in Las Vegas.
Portraits Of Sikh Men Reveal The Diverse Beauty Of Turbans And Beards. 
\Cartographia. This exhibition proposes that artists are mapmakers, their works, maps, and their audience, orienteers. It also suggests a correlation between its content and form. If maps and mapping strategies are the content, then a virtual exhibition is its form.
An Abridged History Of Times New Roman, The Most Famous Font In The World. 
Israel Without the Conflict. A new trend is rising in Israeli cinema. While the world is, for the most part, more interested in Israeli films on the topic of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, Israel's real cinematic success is coming from stories of life in Israel outside the conflict.
Artist Transforms Everyday Materials Into Towering Alien Landscapes. 
Beautifully Bizarre Ceramic Masks Explore The Dark Side Of Agoraphobia. 
A Stunning Photography Project For Uber Film Nerds Everywhere. 
'Hedwig' Takes Home Tony For Best Revival Of A Musical. 
A Complete List Of The 2014 Tony Award Winners. 
These Gorgeous Book Sculptures Are Leaving Us Speechless. 
Channeling Picasso In The Digital Age. 
Let There Be Light. Few artists paint from the perspective that \You're only as big as the canvas that's facing you.\ Sculpted by the father-and-son team of Gutzon and Lincoln Borglum, the Mount Rushmore National Memorial is one of the few exceptions to the rule.
Engagement F\u00e9minin. In Burkina Faso, dancer Salimata Wologem fills the room when she moves. Whatever the choreography, the forcefulness of her dancing depicts an individual conquering the limitations of space and society.
Reclusive 'Calvin And Hobbes' Creator Returns To Comics. 
Young Chinese Artists. My Generation
These Indian Village Quilts Channel The Great Modern Masters. 
Still Edgy After All These Years. It's hard to imagine the Southern California music scene without Jacaranda's \Music at the Edge of Santa Monica\ shaping and defining it.
My Love Affair With the Cannes Film Festival. Many of the films that are shown in the Cannes competition and parallel sections are difficult and challenging to watch. This is a festival that encourages artistic freedom and there is always that one movie that will blow everyone away.
Tattooed Porcelain Dolls Offer An Alternative Way Of Viewing The Feminine Body. 
Back from the Valley. Sebastian Junger has managed to find intriguing angles on the deployment and on the longest military commitment in U.S. history in Korengal, which opened on Friday. The new film offers some sober reflection to the visceral jolt that came with Restrepo.
Mohamed Hefzy. To Egyptian audiences Hefzy offers a new type of movie, modern and urban, while to the rest of the world a blend of wonderfully written characters and slice-of-life poetic interpretations of today's land of chaos and humanity, so often watched on the news and yet so seldom understood.
The Venice Architecture Biennale of 2014. Rem Koolhaas deconstructs buildings to see what makes them work.
The Grateful Dead and the Great Pyramid. You could say things ended well.
Bold As Love -- Past Is Prologue. In the year following the release of Jimi Hendrix's third masterpiece album, Electric Ladyland, it was apparent that the band with which he had skyrocketed to fame, The Jimi Hendrix Experience, had ceased to exist
The Enduring Legacy of Clark Hulings. Clark Hulings was an American master painter who was said to be able to describe air itself with paint. Surviving, even thriving, as a realist painter throughout the second half of the 20th century was no easy feat but Hulings had the talent and dedication.
Backyard Brilliance at the Echo Theater. Mickey Birnbaum returns with the stunningly brilliant and hilarious tale of teenage backyard wrestling in the wasteland of San Diego's border suburbs.  Birnbaum's gift for dialogue and unsentimental character portrayal is on full display here, as he dissects with great humor and insight the lives of a family of lost souls.
12 Stunning Reasons New Yorkers Should Look Up. 
Stage Door. William Inge is a dark chronicler of small-town Midwest lives. The roles of alcohol and sexual impropriety are familiar threads in his work -- a striking contrast to the white-picket fence world of assumed propriety.
Judy Chicago on the ImageBlog. 
April Nordbee. April Nordbee, a 29-year-old mother of two who lives in Wisconsin, has found her life completely changed over the past two years, all as the result of a lucky keystroke error she made during a Google search that caused her to discover the life and work of artist Marcel Duchamp.
The Drama Desks, All The Way, M&M's and More. 
Comedy, Tonight!. A popular show business axiom insists that \Dying is easy, comedy is hard.\ While any performer who has bombed onstage will quickly acknowledge this bitter truth, the bottom line is that comedy depends on good ideas and solid execution.
Stage Door. Forbidden Broadway Comes Out Swinging! pays homage to the very institution it savages. Only a passionate theater lover could pen such a smart, insightful score, and Alessandrini shares his thoughts about the show's longevity.
10 Jarring Vintage Photos Of An Empty New York City. 
Night and Her Stars, the Garage Theatre in Collision With Alive Theatre, Long Beach, CA. The show ends, sweetly if not a little sadly, with the two of them outside, not in front of a miniature, black and white screen. The father teaches the son the names of the trees on his property.
Photographer Captures Wild Portraits Of 'Sand Creatures' That Defy Gravity. 
We Are the Best! Lukas Moodysson's Love Song to Youth. There has never been a movie that has so impeccably captured the feeling of being 13 years old. Frame by frame, Lukas Moodyson immerses his audience in the ocean of na\u00efve rage that pulsates in the hearts of three pubescent punks.
To Be Strong. Over the past few years, the artistic talent and creative drive has been on the rise in North Jersey. Young filmmakers are producing high quality content with nothing more than a few pieces of necessary production equipment and some passion to bring stories to life through picture and sound.
Taste at Sacred Fools in LA. Benjamin Brand's play, based on the 2001 incident in Germany in which a man agreed to be killed and eaten by another man (dubbed the Rotenberg Cannibal) has been justifiably praised for impeccable performances by Donal Thoms-Cappello and Chris L. McKenna, as well as for the audacious tackling of the subject matter by Brand.
You Won't Believe What Just Washed Up In The East River. 
First Nighter. Guess it's blowin' in the zeitgeist, but two adaptations involving rhymed classics are available in Manhattan this weekend only and worth any theatergoer's precious time.
La Bayad\u00e8re at the Met. This week Ballet to the People settled into the Met for three back-to-back performances by a beloved ABT veteran, a 22-year-old Bolshoi sensation and an established star of the Mariinsky Ballet.
A Jeff Koons Is Coming To 30 Rock. 
First Nighter. Turns out that AJ Taudevin, who wrote Chalk Farm with Kieran Hurley, and Julia Taudevin, who appears in the 55-minute play with Thomas Dennis, are the same person.  That's another way of saying that the charged feeling expressed by the mother in the one-act is shared by both author and actor and therefore movingly synergistic.
Identical Twins Combine Art And Math In Hypnotic Exhibition. 
The Way We See. 
Surreal Paintings Reveal The Violent Absurdities Of The Colombia Drug Trade. 
The Art Book That Will Make You Smile 'Til Your Face Hurts. 
YouTube. Now that people are learning new things faster, and recording what they are doing, it challenges others to do something more advanced, in other words, \one-upping\ and that ultimately continues the trend.
Postscript. There was part of me that didn't want to get involved in the discussion at all because I wanted the news about it to end so that the singer in question could just forget about it and move on.
Meet The World's First Woman Graphic Novelist. 
13 Music Festivals You Should Actually Attend This Summer. 
Reinventing Reality. The film Party Girl, which opened the 'Un Certain Regard' section this year in Cannes, had a very special, personal meaning for me, an extra reason to watch it...
White Lies? Fibs? Tall Tales? Just Tell the Truth. \Art is a lie that makes us realize truth,\ Pablo Picasso told an interviewer in 1923, but artists also need to adhere to a less lofty form of truthfulness.
The Titli Interviews. For me, there is always a film within a festival that defies all expectations. Of course, to even choose a film from a catalogue of hundreds, it has to be on my radar for a few reasons (some truly mundane) which include favorite actor or actress, filmmaker, writer or producer.
Fujiko Nakaya Wraps Philip Johnson's Glass House in Artificial Fog (VIDEO). 
The Philanderer, Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre. In George Bernard Shaw's The Philanderer, directed by Elaine Herman for the Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre, Leonard Charteris (Andy Gerges) is a cad that masquerades as a progressive lover.
Star Wars Figurines Make Friends With Small Rodents, The Galaxy Is At Peace. 
The Cannes Diaries. Cannes was full of unusual discussions and strange happenings.
Breaking. 
When the Bubble Bursts. Two new films shown at CAAMFest 2014 examine what happens when the bubble of supposed perfection bursts and people must struggle to save face while scrambling to hide their emotional scars. Not surprisingly, in both films technology plays a key part in ruining people's innocence.
Incredible Visual History Of Music Festivals Will Remind You Why You Love Summer. 
YNS Pumps Up the Fab Phils Volume Before Asian Tour. US-China relations have their ups and downs but the Philadelphia Orchestra is about to continue their series of musical cultural exchange with China.
Memory Postcard. 
Forget the Street Photography Gimmicks, Concentrate on the Image. A lot of what gets praised as great street photography these days has to do with juxtaposition, forced perspective or some bizarre subject matter. For sure, those images deserve their due. However, I tend to favor photos that have great light and composition, and where the subject is a little more sublime.
Y a mi, qu\u00e9? Who Does the Civil Rights Movement Belong To?. How can an exhibit in Brooklyn about the civil rights movement not include the history of the Young Lords, and the Puerto Rican political movement and the artists it inspired throughout the '60s and beyond?
Multimedia Dance Performance Celebrates Harlem's Vibrant Queer Culture. 
Beauty Fierce as Stars*, Groundbreaking Women Painters 1950s and Beyond at Mythos Fine Art & Artifacts. At Mythos Fine Art & Artifacts in Berkeley, co-curators Karen Zullo Sherr and Sue Steel are presenting the first of two exhibitions showcasing the works of women painters who were active in the Bay Area art scene of the 1950s.
Acting Techniques You Can Apply to Real Life (to Some Extent). Sometimes, too much coaching is more detrimental than helpful. At some point, take the training wheels off and fly solo.
Jennifer Bartlett's History of the Universe. Bartlett occupies another place in the pantheon of modernism to the extent that she refuses such categorization. There's something almost homespun about Bartlett's brand of abstraction. At times her paintings exude the feeling of Americana, of folk art.
For the Love of Theater. A few weeks ago, I wasn't feeling so great. My allergies were bothering me and I was tired, as I often am this time of year. Then I went to the theater. Miraculously I felt better during Act One.
The Arts Are Chocolate for the Brain. Crossword puzzles, word scrambles and other \brain games\ are popular choices for people trying to preserve their memory. Yet, recent research shows these activities are not challenging enough.
Artist Gives Train Riders A Gorgeous Reason To Look Out The Window. 
President's Turnaround Arts Program Expanded. For the last few years, eight of the nation's lowest performing schools selected, have embraced the arts and art integration -- teaching other disciplines through the arts -- and the results have been extremely encouraging.
Perfection Is So Overrated. Perfection is so overrated and boring. Call me twisted but during my quarter century in theatre, I loved it when things went wrong.
The Tony Nominations, Three Weeks Later. Often I am surprised with something right as the nominations come out, but, upon reflection, my surprise changes to understanding. This year that wasn't so. My opinions haven't changed since the announcements.
Toygodd Attends Pretty in Plastic for Ghostbusters 30th Anniversary L.A. Art Show @ Gallery1988 West. Welcome back to another review of an art show! I traveled south to Gallery 1988 West to view the 30th Anniversary of Ghostbusters traveling art show. The first leg was in New York and I was very lucky that it came to L.A.
Artist Creates Delicate Nude Portraits On The Insides Of Eggshells (NSFW). 
Album May Be \Final,\ But Cuban Singer Ferrer Is Not Done Yet. In a country where the government controlled the media, his ability to reach listeners was stunted. Nevertheless, he has continued to write and occasionally perform and release albums.
The Space Odyssey of Lucio Fontana. For whatever reason, Italy offered few potential students, as few ambitious and gifted young Italians dedicated themselves to artistic careers in the 1950s and '60s. As a result Fontana, like Giorgio Morandi, appears today as a relatively isolated master rather than as a leader of an important movement.
Theater. Broadway By The Year is firing on all cylinders as it celebrates 100 years of musical theater with its biggest series yet.
Double Vision. Without a clear picture of the art and other programs that will be mounted in the future, the organization cannot achieve its mission, cannot build an audience or donor base and, frankly, is of little value. Arts organizations, after all, exist to produce art.
The Cannes Diaries. Walking up the stairs of the Theatre Croisette inside the JW Marriott after the screening, I felt as if I was thankfully coming up for air, after having been submersed in feelings and beautifully cinematic anguish for nearly two hours.
Sleek Cut Paper Illustrations Will Bring Out The Minimalist In You. 
Modernism Gallery and the Late Mark Stock. Muller felt the emotion in his work even in a newspaper image he spotted in the mid-eighties, after which he spent a long time seeking Stock out. He then commissioned Stock to create a painting inspired by an earlier book of Conrad's.
This Is What Happens When Two Powerful Female Street Artists Join Forces. 
Cartoons, Chaos and Commedia, Oh My!. The mind works in mysterious ways. During one week I had some bizarre experiences in dreamland that covered sights and sounds quite different from past adventures.
'Little Book Of Big Ideas' Is Smaller Than A Safety Pin, Wiser Than You. 
11 Things Famous Artists And Cultural Figures Can Teach You About Creativity. 
The Cannes Diaries. The festival kicked off perfectly for me inside the Palais on Wednesday morning, to watch the first Cannes screening of Olivier Dahan's Grace of Monaco, starring Nicole Kidman. I expected entertainment from the film and instead, got a lesson in what it means to be a woman, a strong woman.
Street Photography in Stockholm (Pt. 2). I want to capture something real. Something that quenches my thirst for authenticity. Big words for something that is just a simple personal emotion, that if you are lucky, is shared by others as well.
Sustaining Artists in the the 21st Century. Saeculum Obscurum, Latin for \The Dark Ages,\ was coined by Caesar Baronius in 1602 to describe the cultural decline of the Roman Empire between the 5th and 15th century in Western Europe.
War - Art - Peace. War is in the air again. Be it in Ukraine, surrounded by the second largest stash of nuclear weapons on earth outside the U.S., or among the legions of child soldiers in Somalia, Congo and Sudan, or with bad luck, back on the Indochinese peninsula up to Bangladesh.
7 Unusual Bus Shelters Designed By World Class Architects. 
Springing Into May/Charitable & Cultural Catch-Up. Charitably yours attended the kick-off cocktail for the Southampton Animal Shelter Foundation \Pit Bulls as Pets\ encouraging rescue and adoption of these sweet canines.
Your Favorite Avant-Garde, Shock Filmmaker Is An Artist Now. 
7 Years at Ground Zero (Video). Over the past seven years, I've been allowed to observe and document the process of conceiving, curating, building, and now opening to the public the National 9/11 Memorial Museum. My images and recordings span seven remarkable years.
Artist Explores The Concept Of Disgust In Magically Grotesque Exhibition. 
Magical Photo Series Brings The Moon To You. 
10 Wildly Detailed Drawings Of Fictional Cityscapes That Will Make Your Head Spin. 
These Photos Of 1960s Protests Will Stop You In Your Tracks. 
'The Cannes Diaries'. If you're looking for reviews, there are brilliant men and women out there who do it all beautifully. But if you're looking for highlights, fun tidbits and a slightly different way of looking at the grandest film festival in the world, you're in the right place.
First Nighter. What Irma La Douce really is is rampant idiocy, for which there may be no excuse but for which there may be a wacky rationale having to do with national tastes.
The Edge of Stardom. When the San Francisco Dance Film Festival airs the West Coast premi\u00e8re of Secundaria (High School) -- a candid look at the lives of students at the world-famous National Ballet School in Havana -- expect Cuban dancers to be out in full force.
Your Favorite Guerrilla Chalkboard Artists Are Back. 
This Artist Wants To Erase Your DNA, Further Proof The Future Will Be Terrifying. 
TIM EBNER AT ROSAMUND FELSEN GALLERY. 
RAILWAY MEN. 
Frieze New York 2014. This week marks the third year of Frieze New York, the London fair that went head-to-head with the tradition of the Armory Show and took NADA and Pulse with it, subsequently asserting itself as a \fair\ contender.
Stunning Video Shows London In 1924 And 2014 Simultaneously. 
Paris Photo LA at Paramount Studios (PHOTOS). All the great international galleries filled the soundstages and open sets along the corridors and streets within Paramount.
Eye-Opening Photos Of Door-To-Door Salesmen In A Nairobi Slum. 
These Artworks Rebelling Against American Suburbia Are More Relevant Than Ever. 
25 Street Artists From Around The World Who Are Shaking Up Public Art. 
What If Disney Princesses Didn't End Up So Happily Ever After?. 
Gorgeous Long Exposure Train Photos Prove The City Has Its Own Magic. 
John Nava. 
A Truly Erotic Art Exhibition Aims To Get You Hot For Summer (NSFW). 
Everything You Need To Know About Mike Kelley. 
The 'Mona Lisa' Just Might Be History's First 3D Image, Researchers Claim. 
The Cave That Inspired History's Most Creative Minds. 
'In the Next Room or the Vibrator Play,' Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre. Calling it The Vibrator Play teases you into thinking it's only about sex toys. It's not. Calling it In The Next Room better describes the story's more serious plot line.
Dead Man Walking at Madison Opera. Visually, the show was stark and beautiful. Harry Frehner's sets and Marcus Dilliard's lighting effectively suggested the actual settings while also reminding one of the constant prison theme.
11 Stunning (And Free) Fonts You Should Download Right Now. 
One Artist's Amazing Mission To Save The US Postal Service. 
April Gornik. \I think people need to be taught how to look at art just like they need to learn to read literature. And the best way by far to ensure that is if a person has had art classes and understands the mind-hand connection that way.\
'Rug Art' Is Exactly What It Sounds Like, And More Beautiful Than You Can Imagine. 
Dreams of Calatrava Fading Into the Distance. 
The Importance of Being Collaborative. The established model of presenting new works to audiences is changing and the audiences are changing dramatically too. An entire generation of composers and performers are taking the presentation of their works into their own hands.
Every Angel Has a Dark Side. 
4000 Blocks. The artist Ellie Ga has created works out of her experiences in the North Pole and more recently off the coast of Alexandria, at the site of the underwater excavation of the famous Pharos Lighthouse -- one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
On the Future of Wagnerism, Part 2. 
Sandy Frank. Sanford Jay Frank, the Emmy Award-winning writer and producer, screenwriting guru and conservative ideologue whom everyone called Sandy, died at his home in Calabasas on April 18.
These Magical 'Landscapes' Made Of Plastic Bags Will Take Your Breath Away. 
Walter White's Happiness. 
The Inconvenient Music -- Invisible and Unhearable. We might also encourage every orchestra to look into its past and how it dealt with issues like anti-Semitism (and this includes our American orchestras) and what music was played during the war years and after.
The Drowsy Chaperone, Norris Center for the Performing Arts, Rolling Hills Estates. Under James W. Gruessing's direction for the Norris Center for the Performing Arts, The Drowsy Chaperone, written by Bob Martin and Don McKellar, with music and lyrics by Lisa Lambert and Greg Morrison, is a spectacular production.
Second Saturday Staten Island Art Walk. Every second Saturday of the month in the shadow of the Staten Island Ferry, Staten Island's north shore hosts Second Saturday Staten Island Art Walk, a free art tour which includes galleries, community centers, studios and a book store/cafe featuring the works of local artists.
Thanks to Glenn Lowry. Mr. Lowry, please allow me to express that, if, based solely on your judgment, you decided to tear down a swath of Manhattan for the sake of progress or for the sake of art, you would have my full confidence for such a decision.
A Conversation With Chris Davies, Founder, 'Photo Independent. Chris Davies is the President of Fabrik Media, a Los Angeles-based publishing and marketing agency. Concerned by the art fair under-representation of otherwise talented photographers, he founded \Photo Independent
Artists' Assistants and the IRS. Not a trick question
Mesmerizing Images Of South American Geyser Fields Reveal The Power Of The Natural World. 
Why Life May Not Be a Cabaret and More Tony Musings. 
Theater. 
First Nighter. It's taken for granted that any superior drama depends on its stakes being high. If that's the case, then The Great Immensity -- created by the always-intrepid Civilians troupe and presented at the Public after a world premiere at Kansas City Repertory Theatre -- is indubitably superior drama.
This Is What Heartbreak Looks Like In The Digital Age. 
These New Puns By Hanksy Are Eye-Rollingly Perfect. 
Frederica von Stade in Tour de Force Performance. A rarely produced 1980 play by Horton Foote would seem an unlikely subject for an opera, but in the hands of the marvelous Frederica von Stade and the talented composer and librettist team of Ricky Ian Gordon and Leonard Foglia, it becomes a tour de force.
Trying to Sustain a Charade. Keeping up appearances sometimes requires extraordinary effort. A lot can be overlooked when someone is young, pretty, perky, and in good health. But when tragic events darken one's days, desperate times require desperate measures.
Why This Polish Art Group Is Being Sued For Its Depiction Of JP2. 
These Candles Let You Worship At The Altar Of Pop Culture Royalty. 
Classical Sounds. There must always be something a tiny bit sad when we take ourselves so far back in time to such idealized tunes and harmonies, and then eventually to have to return to our modern noisy world.
Stunning Self-Portraits Make You Think Twice About Interracial Identity In South America. 
The Manly Pursuit of Desire. There are three ways to look at the work in the new show at the Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art
Lothar Baumgarten. Cerebral and conceptual, yet surprisingly sensual and often exquisite, the work of Lothar Baumgarten resists categorization.
10 Emerging GIF Artists Who Prove Motion Photography Has No Limits. 
The Wack Donald's Project. 
How The Tribeca Film Festival Became Religious About Innovation ... And Pope Francis Became An Economist. In our view, the Pope has the potential to be one of the most epic innovators in history. After all, not even Shakira has 1.2 billion followers.
Massive Video Game Tournament Aims To Save Lives By Rewarding Good Behavior. 
William Shakespeare at 450. How can any of us find the words to wish a happy 450th birthday to the single most significant, elegant, funny, wise and human writer ever to use the English language? That's what I, and countless others, have thought and think of Shakespeare.
Can Anything Save Comic Sans, the World's 'Most Hated Font'?. How does a font become so hated?
Dialogue Isn't Just for Screenplays. But conversation, like therapy, is its own sort of \talking cure.\ I, for one, want to talk it out. The Suspect is a natural extension of that drive.
Someone Inserted Beyonce Into Famous Paintings, And It's Just As Glorious As It Sounds. 
What One Gender-Bending Photographer Learned From Wearing Other People's Clothes. 
Taco Bell Day and Night. 
Aisle View. This is one of those \is the old lady losing her marbles?\ plays, in which the doddering, aching, creaking, 79-year-old heroine drifts from witty perceptiveness to the borders of senility and back at the snap of the playwright's whim, all the while wondering \who is going to take care of my tree?\
New Art Books on the Art of Afro-Cuba, Vincent Van Gogh and Wayne Thiebaud. Each of the three books presented here has been born from genuine passion and curiosity. Rather than reviewing these books -- all of which are on my bedside table in various stages of being read -- I asked their authors to tell me a bit about how and why it needed to be written.
Why One Artist Wants To Cover The World In Butterflies. 
Marla Mase's Half-Life. Words are a big thing for Marla Mase.  For her, music counterbalances and complements the vignettes that swirl around in her head. The brief accounts of fear, the blues, anxiety or the hope -- these are the themes that drive her.
Stage Door. Is art worth killing for? Woody Allen's new Broadway musical Bullets Over Broadway, an entertaining romp, thinks so.
Broadway Diva On The Rebound. 
International Touring. I have to admit it
10 Drawings Of Los Angeles That Capture What Makes The City So Magical. 
Everything I Ever Needed to Know I Learned From Huckleberry Finn and Hal Holbrook. I've been rereading Huckleberry Finn since I discovered it as the sequel to Tom Sawyer back in junior high school, getting more out of it with each encounter. Hearing Hal Holbrook last Friday inspired me to share a few keepers.
Clans, Cults and Tribes. The Berkeley Repertory Theatre, dedicated to provocation, has produced an excellent version of Nina Raine's Tribes. It might appear to be a play about an 'issue,' deafness in this instance.
These Edward Hopper-Inspired Dollhouses Will Make You Fall In Love With The Indoors. 
'Next to Normal,' Cal Rep. Each moment bristles with energy that coils, uncoils, and recoils. The production's biggest achievement is its supercharged pitch. This pitch reflects Diana's changing moods. These moods include depression, a numb, medicated stability, and an exuberant mania.
Mark Innerst at DC Moore Gallery. I recently spoke to Mark Innerst to ask him a few choice questions about his work and his background.
Boys in the Attic. Two recent Bay Area productions included characters whose lives were haunted by the suicide of their son. The ghost of one son appears onstage; the other is never seen.
First Nighter. 
Artists' Statements. Artists' statements are a gold mine for someone like me who loves to make fun of the art world.
Aisle View. The comedic chameleon Arnie Burton first came to view in the 2008 parody version of Alfred Hitchcock's The 39 Steps, a four-character romp in which he was one of two men who played all the roles other than the hero and heroine.
