Warriors Coach Steve Kerr Calls NFL Ban On Protests 'Fake Patriotism' Forbidding players to take a knee during the national anthem is \u201cidiotic,\u201d the coach said.
In Historic Victory, Barbados Elects First Female Prime Minister Mia Amor Mottley even earned the backing of the country's most recognizable national
Police Killed At Least 378 Black Americans From The Moment Colin Kaepernick Protested These Americans deserve to be more than another statistic.
BET Chairman and CEO Debra Lee Is Stepping Down Lee brought more original shows to the black entertainment network and focused on family programming.
This Women Pulled Out All The Stops To Land Her Dream Job Jessica Bain scored the black history and culture fellowship at Spotify.
Wife Asked Husband For Fenty Highlighter And Got a Pack Of Highlighters, Hairbrush Charlema Webb's husband thought she meant actual pen-to-paper highlighters.
Michelle Obama Shares Intimate Wedding Photo In Tribute To Husband Barack She\u2019s paying tribute to Barack Obama and their 25-year marriage with a sweet photo from their 1992 wedding.
Did You Spot Trevor Noah In 'Black Panther'? The 'Daily Show' Host's Stealth Cameo Revealed There\u2019s a reason the voice of Shuri\u2019s artificial intelligence computer system sounded so familiar \u2014 at least to those who routinely watch Comedy Central.
Donald Glover Fans Execute Stunning Coup On Donald Trump-Themed Reddit Forum \The One True Donald.\
T.I. Calls For Boycott Of Restaurant After Off-Duty Cop Allegedly Assaults 3 Black Women The officer, working as a security guard, is accused of punching one woman in the head, then holding her and another woman to the ground.
Michelle Obama Reflects On \u2018Scary\u2019 Time At Princeton With Sweet Throwback Snap \I was black and from a working-class neighborhood in Chicago, while Princeton\u2019s student body was generally white and well-to-do.\
'Before You Call The Cops' On Him, Watch His Powerful Monologue On Racism \I hate that anyone at all might possibly be afraid of me.\
Amazon Is Selling Cops Its Facial Recognition Tool. That\u2019s A Bad, Potentially Racist Move. Facial recognition software often does not properly identify darker-skinned people.
Boy Says Teacher Told Him It Will Be His Fault When Police Shoot Him At Age 16 Malachi Pearson's story resonated with people of color on Twitter, who shared their own heartbreaking experiences of racism at school.
Cops Accused Of Racism After Detaining Black Man Over 'Vegetation' \If you want to see a video of racial profiling, this is the poster child right here,\ an attorney said.
White Cop Shouts At Black Suspect \There is no excuse for such threatening statements,\ an ACLU attorney said.
Tamir Rice's Mother Is Opening A Youth Center To Honor Her Son's Memory The Tamir Rice Afrocentric Cultural Center will help usher children into the future her son will never have.
Kendrick Lamar Stops White Fan Rapping N-Word Onstage The Pulitzer Prize-winning artist gave her another shot.
Janet Jackson Becomes First Black Woman To Receive Billboard Icon Award She delivered an iconic performance and speech, too.
4-Year-Old Boy Is A Superhero To Alabama's Homeless Population \u201cFeeding the homeless is the highlight of my life,\u201d Austin Perine said.
Jemele Hill Honored As NABJ's Journalist Of The Year \u201cThis is the biggest accomplishment of my career.\u201d
German Broadcaster Criticized For 'Racist Coverage' Of Royal Wedding Announcers said the gospel choir sang \beautifully black\ and described black guests as \exotic.\
______ While Black Black people in America have had to justify our existence in places we\u2019ve had the right to be simply because others rejected us.
Black Actresses At Cannes Protest Against Racism In French Film Industry The 16 French actresses recently collaborated on a book titled \u201cBlack Is Not My Job.\u201d
Michael B. Jordan Denies Rumors He Doesn't Date Black Women \It's so funny to everybody because it couldn't be further from the truth,\ the actor said. \My dad and my mom both said, 'If they only knew.'
The 2018 BET Awards Nominations Are Here And DJ Khaled Must Be Screaming The \Wild Thoughts\ artist received six nominations.
Thandie Newton's Cannes Dress Is A Celebration Of Black 'Star Wars' Characters Look closely and you'll see some stunning details.
Terry Crews The \Brooklyn Nine-Nine\ star recalled his childhood terrors in an emotional speech.
Topher Grace Really Hated Preparing To Play David Duke In Spike Lee's 'BlacKkKlansman' \u201cIt was just the worst month of my life.\u201d
Spike Lee Gets Major Love For 'BlacKkKlansman' At Cannes, Rips Trump A 10-minute ovation and Lee\u2019s takedown of the \motherf**ker\ president made it a festival day to remember.
Death Of Keeven Robinson, Black Louisiana Man In Police Custody, Ruled Homicide The officers who took Robinson into custody have been reassigned pending an investigation.
This Woman Is Challenging The White Male-Dominated Tech Industry From The Inside Google's Annie Jean-Baptiste says diversity should be \core to how everyone does business, not just a 'nice to have.'\
Meet The First Openly Trans Man To Graduate From Spelman College \u201cPeople still have their own opinions of me attending Spelman, but it\u2019s because of Spelman why I am who I am.\u201d
Ryan Coogler Would Love To See A Women Of Wakanda Spinoff The director said the \Black Panther\ women may be \more important\ than the male characters.
Childish Gambino's 'This Is America' Hits No. 1 Spot In First Week Just a week after its release, it's already his biggest hit ever.
Young Dolph Gives $20,000 To Baristas Fired For Playing His Song 'Get Paid' The shop on Duke University's campus apologized for booting the workers and said it's cutting ties with the school.
Massive Cookout Thrown In Park Where Cops Were Called On Black Family BBQ \u201cHow Black Oakland responds to a white lady calling the cops on Black folks BBQing.\
Video Shows Security Guard Choking\u00a0Black Teen Accused Of Shoplifting In New York \u201cI can\u2019t breathe,\u201d the young man yells as security guards appear to hold him down by the neck.
Chadwick Boseman Lauds Student Protesters In Howard Commencement Speech The \u201cBlack Panther\u201d star also shared how his time as a Howard student prepared him for challenges he faced early in his career.
The Moral Of 'Atlanta \u201cY\u2019all both black so y\u2019all both can\u2019t afford to fail.\
Oldest Known Man In America Says He Smokes A Dozen Cigars A Day Richard Overton, a World War II veteran, is celebrating his 112th birthday.
We Need To Talk About White People Calling The Cops On People Of Color Too often white people call the police on people of color when it is unwarranted \u2015 and such calls can end in undue violence.
Woman Calls Police On Black Family For BBQing At A Lake In Oakland Their crime? Using the wrong type of grill in a barbecue-designated zone.
Officer Puts Man In Chokehold Outside A North Carolina Waffle House A 22-year-old's violent arrest is once again prompting questions about the police.
White Yale Student Calls Cops On Black Schoolmate Napping In Dorm Common Room \u201cI pay tuition like everybody else,\ Lolade Siyonbola, an African studies graduate student, told police. \I\u2019m not going to justify my existence here.\u201d
KKK Leader Found Guilty Of Firing Gun At Charlottesville Rally Video captured him shooting at the feet of a black counterprotester.
Pinata Maker Apologizes For Hanging Black Figures In The Likeness Of Lynchings \u201cIt just brought back memories. From slavery,\u201d a neighbor said.
'This Is America' Producer Reveals New Details About Childish Gambino's Viral Video \Our goal is to normalize blackness.\
Terry Crews The actor spoke to HuffPost about being a sexual assault survivor and deprogramming toxic masculinity.
Donald Glover's 'This Is America,' Through The Eyes Of A Jim Crow Historian \Every now and again, a racial incident or an expression of art makes us pause and reflect, but we soon return to dancing.\
Black Women Bishops Are Making History In This Predominantly White Church \u201cChange has come because people of color will be at the table,\ said Bishop-elect Patricia A. Davenport.
Nordstrom Rack President Apologizes After Store Accuses Three Black Men Of Theft The trio were met with police in the parking lot when they left the store after making a purchase.
Cynthia Erivo's Met Gala Nails Featured A Sistine Chapel Painting With Black Women Cynthia Erivo went to Nicki Minaj's manicurist and the results are divine.
Solange's Durag Was The True MVP At The Met Gala The artist's outfit was a reminder that black bodies are indeed heavenly.
Bob Marley's Granddaughter Says Cops Racially Profiled Her While Checking Out Of Airbnb A police sergeant on the scene denied even knowing what Airbnb was.
Trafficking Victim Cyntoia Brown To Get Clemency Hearing She's serving a life sentence for the murder of a man who allegedly picked her up for sex at age 16.
Childish Gambino's 'This Is America' Video, Explained From Jim Crow to Gwara Gwara, there are a lot of references you might've missed.
Waffle House Shooting Victim's Mom Accepts Daughter's Diploma DeEbony Groves' brother and mother got a standing ovation at Belmont University's graduation ceremony.
Outrage After Celebrating Black Graduates Are Yanked Off College's Stage The University of Florida's president has apologized for what he called \inappropriately aggressive\ behavior.
Don Lemon Takes Aim At Donald Trump \I don\u2019t regret saying it.\
4 Arrested After Men's Dismembered Bodies Are Found In Pond \u201cNobody deserves to die the way that they died,\u201d said a relative of 21-year-old Alize Ramon Smith.
Radio Station Announces No More Kanye \u201cWe just are refusing to give him a platform,\u201d said the hosts of Detroit\u2019s \u201cThe Bounce.\u201d
Donald Trump Reportedly Approves Race Summit With Colin Kaepernick The president is \enthusiastic\ about talking it out. Trump-supporting rapper Kanye West is also invited.
Teacher Resigns After Video Shows Her Pulling Black Student's Locs The video shows Lisa Houston tapping a student on the face, turning his head, pulling his hair and pushing him in the chest with the bottom of her foot.
How A FUBU Jersey On 'Atlanta' Reveals The Unique Pain Black Kids Experience At School Fly clothing, one source of pride in a world that hates blackness, is also one of the first forms of respectability politics black children are exposed to and a cause of bullying.
Jada Pinkett Smith And Gabrielle Union End Feud After 17 Years \We haven't really been on the best of terms,\ Pinkett Smith said.
A Meek Mill Docuseries, Executive Produced By Jay-Z, Is Coming To Amazon The series is slated to look at the rapper's life and his journey through the criminal justice system.
Teen Accepted Into 113 Colleges Chooses Full Ride To HBCU She also won more than $4.5 million in merit-based scholarships.
3 Black Teen Finalists In NASA Competition Targeted By Racist Hackers The trolls tried to hack the competition's voting system to favor teenage boys.
Confederate Statue In New Orleans Spray-Painted With 'F**k This S**t' The monument has been vandalized at least twice before.
Philadelphia To Launch Youth Program In Settlement With Starbucks Arrestees Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson will each take a symbolic $1.
Deleted 'Black Panther' Scene Shows Daniel Kaluuya And Danai Gurira Facing Off The relationship between Okoye and W\u2019Kabi was more complicated than we thought.
History Professor Breaks Down What Kanye West Got Wrong In Saying Slavery Was A Choice The rapper overlooked a few hundred years of history.
Cops Called On Black Former White House Staffer As He Moves Into New Apartment \u201cCan\u2019t go nowhere without the cops following me,\u201d said Darren Martin after police received a call about someone \u201ctrying to break into the door.\u201d
School Principal Jokes About Telling Police Black Special Needs Student Has A Gun The principal reportedly told staffers, \u201cWe will call the police and tell them he has a gun so they can come faster.\u201d
Lupita Nyong'o Wants To Fill The 'Gaping Hole Of Representation' In Hollywood The \Black Panther\ actress spoke about Time's Up at the Tribeca Film Festival.
Time's Up Demands Investigation Into R. Kelly Sexual Abuse Accusations The organization sent out a statement Monday morning calling on social media users to #MuteRKelly.
Waffle House Doubles Down On Chikesia Clemons Arrest As Activists Call For Boycott The chain continued to defend employees and police in a violent arrest that has sparked outrage.
John Legend Tries In Earnest To Talk Kanye West Out Of Supporting Trump West posted a private text from the singer to Twitter.
Chance The Rapper Clarifies That He Does Not Support Donald Trump It all started after Kanye showed his support for the president.
Memorial To Victims Of Lynching Forces Reckoning On America\u2019s Racist Legacies The National Memorial for Peace and Justice honors over 4,000 victims of lynching in America.
Robbin' Season's True Criminal Is Revealed In The Latest Episode Of 'Atlanta' The rise of Paper Boi and the fall of Earn was inevitable.
Ex-NFL Player Says He Was Violently Arrested After Cops Mistook His Phone For A Gun A police officer has been placed on administrative leave as a result of the confrontation with Desmond Marrow.
Boston Renames Yawkey Way To Help Scrub Red Sox's Racist Past The street name honored late owner Tom Yawkey, who kept black players off his MLB team longer than any other.
Cardi B's Former Manager Sues Her For $10 Million Former manager Klenord \u201cShaft\u201d Raphael says he's responsible for her success.
Florida Teen's Racist Promposal Sign Appears To Inspire Copycat In Missouri The signs both read, \u201cIf I was black, I\u2019d be picking cotton, but I\u2019m white so I\u2019m picking u 4 prom?\u201d
Kelis Says Nas Physically Abused Her During Their Marriage \u201cI didn\u2019t say anything [then] because I wanted things to work,\ she said.
Woman Delivers Her Own Baby Alone In A Hotel Using Just YouTube Videos Oh, and did we mention this all happened in a foreign country?
Cops Attempt To Unlock Phone Of Man They Killed Using His Finger \It\u2019s disgusting,\u201d the man's fiancee told ABC Action News.
Video Shows Virginia Cop Shoot And Wound A Fleeing Teenager Eighteen-year-old Deontrace Ward, who is accused of burglary, says he was trying to get away.
Michael Brown\u2019s Mother, Lezley McSpadden, Announces Run For Ferguson City Council \u201cWhat a legacy that would be \u2015 elected to the City Council and supervising the same police department that killed Michael Brown,\ her attorney said.
'Black Panther' Star Letitia Wright Proudly Owns Her Disney Princess Status When \u201cBlack Panther\u201d\u00a0fans first started\u00a0calling Letitia Wright a Disney princess, the actress admits she was confused
Kevin Hart Takes On His Own Cheating Scandals In New J. Cole Video The music video follows the comedian as he attempts to live his everyday life after news of his infidelity breaks.
The Burden Of Being Black In A White Space \u201cWhen you know that you did nothing wrong, how do you really react to it?\u201d
Golf Club Calls Cops On 5 Black Women Members Playing ... Golf A confrontation supposedly over their pace of play was discrimination, one of the women said.
No Prom Or Graduation Ceremony For Teen Who Made Racist Promposal Sign Noah Crowley's parents and school decided he won't be attending any more school functions.
'Black Panther' Director Will Do Sequel When He's Ready, Says Marvel Marvel head Kevin Feige voiced strong support for Ryan Coogler's future involvement.
Beyonc\u00e9 Inspired Google To Give $100,000 More In HBCU Scholarships Students at Texas Southern, Fisk, Grambling State and Morehouse will now be eligible too.
Florida Teen Apologizes For Racist Promposal Sign The invitation read
Zendaya On Colorism \And that has to change,\ the actress added.
Ellen On Shootings Of Unarmed Black Men Ellen Degeneres and Van Jones had a talk about racism and police violence on \The Ellen Show.\
Syracuse University Suspends Fraternity For Racist, Sexist Video A person in the video swears to always hate black people, Latinos and Jews.
Paper Boi Faces His Ghost In The Latest Episode Of \u2018Atlanta\u2019 This is what happens when keeping it real goes incredibly wrong incredibly fast.
School Apologizes For Asking Students To List 'Positive Aspects' Of Slavery \u201cTo be clear, there is no debate about slavery. It is immoral and a crime against humanity,\u201d the superintendent said in a statement.
The Absence Of Frozone's Wife In 'Incredibles 2' Is Causing A Controversy Honey Best has thus far been an offscreen-only character.
This California Church Is Hosting A Beyonc\u00e9 Mass San Francisco's Grace Cathedral is using Beyonc\u00e9's music to highlight black female spirituality.
Black Men Arrested At Starbucks Said They Were There For 2 Minutes Before 911 Call \We wasn\u2019t read any rights \u2015 nothing,\u201d said Donte Robinson. \Just double-lock handcuffs behind our backs and escorted out and put into a squad car.\u201d
Chadwick Boseman To Deliver Howard University Commencement Speech Wakanda is coming to the Mecca.
Idris Elba To Get Even Sexier By Showing Off Comedy Chops In New Netflix Series Elba returns to his roots by playing a struggling DJ.
Kendrick Lamar Won A Pulitzer Because \u2018DAMN.\u2019 Is Journalism Before y'all drag me, let me explain.
New Stephon Clark Videos Show Officers Waited 5 Minutes Before Trying To Save Him Officers wondered whether he was armed and pretending to be dead.
NYC Removes Statue Honoring 19th Century Surgeon Who Experimented On Female Slaves The city voted to move a statue of Dr. J. Marion Sims, the \father of modern gynecology,\ from Central Park to his burial site in Brooklyn.
Video Shows Police Tackling, Punching Naked Black Harvard Student He was punched five times, police report.
Starbucks To Close More Than 8,000 Stores For Racial Bias Education Two black men were arrested at a Philadelphia cafe last week while waiting for a friend to arrive.
Colin Kaepernick Invokes Jackie Robinson's 'I Cannot Stand' For Anthem Ex-49ers quarterback recalled the Brooklyn Dodgers trailblazer on MLB's Jackie Robinson Day.
Protests Erupt At Philly Starbucks Where 2 Black Men Were Arrested For 'Trespassing' \Starbucks coffee is anti-black,\ the demonstrators chanted Monday morning.
Kendrick Lamar Wins Pulitzer Prize In Music For 'Damn' Lamar is the first nonclassical or jazz artist to win the Pulitzer Prize in music.
Beyonc\u00e9 Makes History As First Black Woman To Headline Coachella Fans are re-dubbing the iconic music festival as \Beychella.\
Cops Arrest 2 Black Men Sitting In Starbucks For 'Trespassing' The Philadelphia DA's Office said there was a \lack of evidence\ that the men committed any crime.
Death Of Alton Sterling's Cousin A 'Homicide' \We're afraid of revenge,\ a Baton Rouge resident said.
Cal Poly President Says Frat Member In Blackface Likely Won't Be Expelled The student said he was not aware of the racist history of blackface in an apology letter.
\u2018Atlanta\u2019 Shows Us What Life Is Like When You're Not Always On That Phone It makes a resounding statement that stuntin\u2019 on social media is just an illusion that won\u2019t solve anyone\u2019s issues.
Black Teen Nearly Shot After Knocking On Door Asking For Directions To School People are saying the 14-year-old boy's near-death experience is what it means to be black in America.
Michelle Obama's Face Is On This Teen's Prom Dress For The Most Inspiring Reason Most 17-year-old girls going to senior\u00a0prom\u00a0have a simple process for finding the perfect\u00a0dress, typically determined by
Cousin Of Alton Sterling Found Dead In Burning Vehicle A relative said the cousins were known as \the Sterling boys.\
Black Students Marched Against Gun Violence In Florida, But You Likely Didn\u2019t Hear About It Only a handful of national media outlets covered the protest.
8 Netflix Titles With Black Stars You Should Be Watching This April Time to binge!
2 Ministers Are Trying To Revive The Campaign To End Poverty That MLK Started \u201cThe time is now \u2014 more than ever \u2014 for us to have a Poor People's Campaign.\u201d
Parkland Survivor Hopes Fight For Gun Control Honors MLK's Legacy \Young people have changed things in the past, and we\u2019re going to do it again,\u201d Jaclyn Corin says at Ebenezer Baptist.
Rihanna's Humanity \u2014 And Not Her Celebrity \u2014 Is Why She's Changing The Beauty Industry Rihanna knows how to handle negative backlash about her brand, too. When a\u00a0Twitter user suggested she \u201cinvite a trans girl
'Black Panther' Sinks 'Titanic' At Box Office; Twitter Goes Full Steam Ahead BRB, moving to Wakanda.
'SNL' Host Chadwick Boseman Appears On Black Jeopardy As T'Challa \Black Panther, welcome to Black Jeopardy!\
Killer Mike Tried To Call Out Joy Reid. She Shut It Down Fast. \And here I was thinking you were an intellectual,\ the MSNBC host fired back on Instagram.
Teen Gets Decades In Prison For \u2018Murder\u2019 Of Someone Killed By A Cop Lakeith Smith was convicted under Alabama's accomplice liability law.
Protesters Demand Justice For Saheed Vassell, Unarmed Black Man Shot By Cops In NYC \They murdered my son, and I want justice,\u201d his mother said.
\u2018Atlanta\u2019 Shows The Horror Of Black Childhood Trauma The abusive cycle of making black kids \u201csacrifice\u201d their childhood has dangerous ramifications in the long run.
Protests Continue For Stephon Clark On Martin Luther King Jr.'s Death Anniversary The march was held on the same day police killed yet another unarmed black man.
New York Attorney General Launches Investigation Into Police Killing Of Black Man The man was holding a pipe when he was fatally shot.
Stevie Wonder Packs A Powerful And Inspiring Punch With His First Ever Tweet \Spread love... spread hope.\
Black Parkland Students Want Peers To 'Share The Mic' \u201cIt hurts, because they went all the way to Chicago to hear these voices when we\u2019re right here,\ one student said.
Maya Angelou Honored With Google Doodle On Her 90th Birthday Oprah Winfrey, Alicia Keys and others celebrate the prolific writer with a reading of her famed poem \Still I Rise.\
Faith Groups Rally Against Racism On Anniversary Of Martin Luther King Jr.'s Death Christians, Hindus, Muslims, Jews, Sikhs and others gathered in Washington to honor King's legacy.
Nurse Fired For Saying Stephon Clark Deserved To Die Raises $20,000 For Herself Faith Linthicum started a self-promoting GoFundMe campaign after she was fired for her heartless comment on Facebook.
Martin Luther King Jr.'s Daughter Reveals Topic Of Scathing Sermon He Never Got To Give Bernice King said the speech her father had planned before he died was titled \America May Go to Hell.\
There's Something Missing From Hope Hicks' Send-Off Photo \White House doesn\u2019t mean everyone working there has to be white.\
Time Stopped When Martin Luther King Jr. Was Slain. But The Lorraine At Last Moved Ahead. The thriving black-owned Memphis motel where King was assassinated initially couldn't recover from that 1968 tragedy. Today it is a civil rights museum.
MLK's Funeral Andrew Young was the executive director of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC); marched in (and was arrested
Denmark\u2019s First Public Monument To A Black Woman Pays Homage To Revolt The statue puts the country\u2019s ugly colonial history on display.
Bernice King Believes It's 'Critical' To Heed Martin Luther King's Lessons Today The civil rights leader's youngest daughter believes King's teachings are vital \now more than ever before.\
'I've Seen The Promised Land' King had said, before that occasion, that God gave him the courage to continue at a time when he considered stepping down
The View From The Mountaintop On March 3 he returned to Ebenezer to preach on \u201cUnfulfilled Dreams,\u201d about world-historical figures who never achieved their
Matt Barnes Launches Scholarship Fund For Stephon Clark's Sons \How do we explain to our kids that because of the color of your skin people aren\u2019t going to like you?\ Barnes said at a rally on Saturday.
Dorian Harris Stole Beer From A Corner Store, So The Clerk Shot Him Dead Anwar Ghazali has been charged with first-degree murder of the black teen.
Houston Teen Awarded Full-Ride Scholarships To 20 Top Colleges \u201cFor me, it\u2019s important to highlight that I\u2019m not the only student of color who is achieving,\u201d 17-year-old Micheal Brown said.
Sacramento Erupts In Protest After Stephon Clark Autopsy Report Former Sacramento Kings player Matt Barnes held a rally in honor of Clark Saturday. Black Lives Matter led a protest through downtown the night before.
The Trump White House's Intern Program Is Once Again Very, Very White \The White House intern photo is like a 'Where\u2019s Waldo' for a non-white person.\
Autopsy Shows Police Shot Unarmed Man Stephon Clark 8 Times Police shot at Clark 20 times outside the Sacramento home he shared with his grandparents and children.
Howard Students Take Over Building To Protest University Embezzlement Scandal Protesters summoned Rihanna while demanding transparency from university leaders.
\u2018Atlanta\u2019 Explores The Unshakeable Intimacy Between A Man And His Barber Black men don't really have images that reflect the beauty of their hair on mainstream TV.
Howard University Officials Allegedly Stole $1 Million, But At Least The Meme Is Sharp Stylish Tyrone Hankerson Jr. was an irresistible target for his fellow students and the rest of the internet.
Megachurch Pastor Accused Of Defrauding People Out Of More Than $1 Million Many of the investors who trusted Rev. Kirbyjon H. Caldwell were allegedly \u201cvulnerable and elderly.\u201d
Police Chief Releases New, Graphic Videos Of Alton Sterling Shooting \I'm going to shoot you in your f**king head,\ one of the officers can be heard saying in the video.
Rapper Fabolous Accused Of Assaulting Girlfriend Emily B He allegedly told his longtime girlfriend he wanted to hit her in the head with a baseball bat.
Sacramento Celebrates The Life Of Stephon Clark \u2014 And Demands Justice For His Death Hundreds of mourners gathered to honor the young man shot dead by police.
White House On Police Shootings Of African-Americans Sarah Huckabee Sanders said these deaths are \not something for the federal government to weigh into.\
People Want To Know Why Brooklyn Museum's New African Art Curator Is White The curator is qualified for the job, but art scholars say people of color are qualified, too.
Kid Who Hugged Cop In Viral Protest Photo Feared Dead In Family Car Plunge Devonte Hart is one of eight family members believed to be in an SUV that plummeted off a California cliff, the sheriff said.
6 Fired At Howard University For Misconduct Involving Need-Based Tuition Funds A blogger alleged financial aid employees misappropriated nearly $1 million just a day before the announcement.
Scene From New Documentary Shows MLK's Struggle To Fight Racism Outside The South This exclusive clip from HBO's \King in the Wilderness\ highlights the complexities of racism in the Northern and Western U.S.
Stephon Clark's Brother Shuts Down City Hall Meeting As Protests Continue Stevante Clark lashed out at Mayor Darrell Steinberg during a meeting with community leaders.
Mississippi School Finds No Evidence Principal Cut Student's Hair Without Permission (UPDATE) \u201c[W]e found absolutely no evidence ... that his allegations of having his hair cut at school exist.\
Donald Glover Disputes Idea He Was 'Too Busy' For 'Deadpool,' Tweets Mock Script Behold what could have been.
Civil Rights Icon Linda Brown Remembered On Twitter \Generations stand on your shoulders.\
Stephon Clark's Grandmother Speaks Out About His Death In Tearful Address Police shot and killed Clark, an unarmed black man, in his own backyard.
Heineken Pulls Beer Ad Dubbed 'Terribly Racist' By Chance The Rapper \I think some companies are purposely putting out noticably racist ads so they can get more views.\
Louisiana Attorney General Won't Charge Cops In Alton Sterling Killing Baton Rouge is bracing for more protests.
Opposing NBA Teams Unite To Wear Shirts Honoring Stephon Clark The Kings and the Celtics also teamed up for a moving PSA to commemorate Clark, the unarmed black man shot dead by police.
Wrongfully Convicted Man Is Rehired By The White Sox After 23 Years In Prison \u201cJust by coming to work like this here every day is a blessing,\ said Nevest Coleman upon resuming his old job.
Teenage Musician Killed In Austin Bombings Admitted Into Prestigious Conservatory The school plans to hold a memorial for Draylen Mason in the future.
Killer Mike Apologizes For Interview NRA Misused As 'Weapon' The rapper said the interview was not about the march at all and focused primarily on black gun ownership.
MLK's Granddaughter Shares Her Dream Of A 'Gun-Free World' At March For Our Lives Nine-year-old Yolanda Renee King says \enough is enough.\
Tiffany Haddish Says An Anonymous Actress Bit Beyonc\u00e9 In The Face Haddish spills more tea about what led up to her infamous selfie with Queen B.
Linda Brown, Center Of Brown v. Board Of Education, Dies At 76 Linda Brown was the young girl at the center of the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision that would end legal school segregation.
'Black Panther' The U.S.'s Highest Grossing Superhero Film Of All Time It passes 2012's \The Avengers\ this weekend.
Black Teens Affected By Gun Violence Speak Out Ahead Of March For Our Lives \u201cParkland, it was a tragedy. But we have the same situation going on in our hood every day. And we don\u2019t get the same response.\u201d
Protests Shut Down Sacramento Kings Game, Freeways\u00a0Over Stephon Clark's Death Black Lives Matter activists linked arms and blocked the Golden 1 Center while chanting
Former Cop Who Killed Sam DuBose Awarded $350,000 Settlement The university police officer fatally shot DuBose during a traffic stop in 2015.
Yvonne Orji On Her Faith, Hustle And 'Insecure' Season 3 \u201cI let [my faith] guide me, because if I try to take the wheel, it\u2019s about to be a mess,\ she said.
The MVP Of \u2018Atlanta\u2019 Gets Her Moment Finally, Vanessa Keefer stands her ground against the emotionally abusive father of her child.
'Master Of None' Star Lena Waithe Featured On New Vanity Fair Cover The magazine's first issue under a new editor marks a major shift by showcasing a rising black, openly lesbian female performer.
There's Finally A Museum Devoted To Telling The Story Of HBCUs From Howard to Spelman, the museum honors the history of HBCUs.
Innocent Man Awarded $1 Million After Spending 31 Years In Prison The award was described as \bittersweet\ by his attorney.
Michael B. Jordan To Produce Film About World War II Black Panthers The film will follow the African-American combat unit who paved the way for desegregation in the armed forces.
5 Ways You Can Do Justice To Martin Luther King Jr.\u2019s Legacy Today \u201cLet\u2019s not render King as the same sound bite we always hear of \u2018I have a dream.\u2019\u201d
Inspiring Film Shows Power Of Combining Art And Activism Through Ballet The Dance Theatre of Harlem is sending their message through dance for the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination.
'Father's Kingdom' Takes A Look Inside A Forgotten Religious Movement A new film tracks the life of \u201cFather Divine,\u201d leader of the International Peace Mission and an advocate for anti-lynching laws and desegregation.
California Cops Fatally Shoot Unarmed Black Man Stephon Clark In His Own Backyard Two officers each fired 10 rounds at Clark, mistaking his cellphone for a gun.
Twitter Found The Name And History Of This Trailblazing Black Female Scientist That\u2019s when two workers from the Smithsonian reached out to Andersen. They did an archival search, in which they were able
Jay-Z's Roc Nation Partners With App Aiming To Better Criminal Justice System \u201cMoney, time and lives are wasted with the current policies,\ said Jay-Z in a statement.
Sloane Stephens Talks Resilience And Representation In Tennis \I think the journey is just perseverance and just kinda staying true to yourself,\ she says.
\u2018Black Panther\u2019 Female Warriors Take Center Stage In New Spinoff The Dora Milaje will kick butt with Spider-Man, the X-Men and the Avengers in the comic series.
Stevie Wonder Calls 'Bullshit' On Bruno Mars Cultural Appropriation Claim \We cannot limit ourselves by people\u2019s fears and insecurities.\u201d
Ava DuVernay Is First Black Woman To Direct A DC Superhero Film With 'New Gods' She will be just the second woman to helm a superhero film in the DC Universe.
O.J. Simpson Dismisses Colin Kaepernick \I thought he made a bad choice in attacking the flag,\ Simpson said.
Stuntin\u2019 Is A Habit \Money is an idea, man. There's a reason why a white man dressed just like you can walk into a bank and get a loan and you can't even spend a $100 bill.\
Court Just Found Black Victim Of White Supremacist Assault Not Guilty Of... Assault DeAndre Harris was defending himself, a court ruled.
Judge Dismisses Discrimination Lawsuit Filed By Family Of Ahmed Mohamed The Muslim teen was arrested in 2015 after bringing a homemade clock to school.
Penn Won't Punish Professor Who Said Black Students \u2018Rarely\u2019 Score Well While the law school dropped her from a first-year course over her comments, they stood by her faculty position.
Mae Jemison The first African-American woman in space discusses her agricultural science initiative.
White Students Allegedly Tied Black Classmate To Lamppost And Whipped Him The alleged incident in Bath, England, has been described as a \u201cmock slave auction.\u201d
Tiffany Haddish Is Happy To Host The Oscars -- Under 1 Condition And it has nothing to do with whether she could host the entire show with her shoes in her hand.
National Geographic Editor Admits \Some of what you find in our archives leaves you speechless,\ editor-in-chief Susan Goldberg wrote.
Remy Ma Explains The Importance Of 'Melanin Magic' And Helping Other Women \u201cI would not be anything but a black woman. That\u2019s life to me.\u201d
Beyonc\u00e9 And Jay-Z Honor Classic Senegalese Film In 'On The Run II' Tour Poster Snatching our wigs and edges from across the diaspora.
Chloe x Halle On The Importance Of Showing Black Girls Coming Of Age On Screen \u201cThat personally means so much to us,\ the \Grown-ish\ stars said.
Craig Mack, 'Flava In Ya Ear' Rapper, Dead At Age 46 \It was a pleasure to know you & rock with you,\ says LL Cool J.
Here's A First Look At 'Sorry To Bother You' Starring Lakeith Stanfield The movie hits theaters this summer.
6th Grader Writes Heartbreaking Will In Case Of School Shooting Javon Davies said he wrote the letter giving away his cat and video games \just in case something happened.\
Never Trust The Plug Also, don't take your durag off for a white man.
Ryan Coogler Praises Ava DuVernay For Making 'The Impossible Look Easy' His open letter to DuVernay is an ode to all she's accomplished.
Here's Why ABC Shelved 'Black-ish' Episode On NFL Anthem Protests Differences between ABC and showrunner Kenya Barris led to the cancellation.
Baltimore Rededicates Former Confederate Memorial Site To Harriet Tubman The ceremony was held on the 105th anniversary of the famed abolitionist's death.
Black Filmmakers Make History At The Box Office This Weekend For DuVernay and Coogler, this is surely just the beginning.
Oprah Reveals Why She Reads Slavery Documents Out Loud On Bad Days \No crisis seems that much of a crisis after you look at the names, the ages, the prices of people who were before you.\
Oprah Donates $50,000 To Teen's Fundraiser For Girls To See 'A Wrinkle In Time' \The highest honor on Earth that you will ever have is the honor of being yourself,\ Oprah said, by way of advice.
Lisa Bonet Says Bill Cosby Always Had A \u2018Sinister, Shadow Energy\u2019 The actress is speaking out for the first time since the allegations against the comedian were made.
Michael B. Jordan Says His Company Will Adopt Inclusion Rider On All Projects Frances McDormand memorably called for inclusion riders in her Oscars acceptance speech.
HBO's Martin Luther King Jr. Film\u00a0Reveals His 'Dark And Dangerous' Final Years The documentary dives deep into the \nightmare\ that was the last 18 months of Martin Luther King Jr.'s life.
Movie Theater's 'Black Panther' Marquee Vandalized With Racist Slur Marine officials said language on the altered sign contradicts the organization's core values.
Women Honor Harriet Tubman With 100-Mile Trek Along The Underground Railroad GirlTrek members are walking from eastern Maryland to Delaware in five days.
The Beauty Of Donald Glover\u2019s \u2018Atlanta\u2019 All black people have an Uncle Willie.
Florida Teacher Keeps Job After Telling Students Not To Date Anyone 'Acting Like A N****r' \He loves to talk about politics and Donald Trump,\ one student said.
Michael B. Jordan Offers To Buy Retainer For Teen Who Broke Hers Staring At His Bod A shirtless scene in \Black Panther\ left the girl \thirsting so .... hard she busted steel.\
White Attacker Allegedly Tells Black Man, 'I Can Kill You And Nothing Will Happen' A woman allegedly hit the victim twice with a beer bottle and said, \u201cI don\u2019t want black people in this place or in front of me.\u201d
Jemele Hill The former \u201cSportsCenter\u201d anchor denies claims made in an ex-colleague's lawsuit.
Michelle Obama Tells Toddler Mesmerized By Her Portrait To 'Keep On Dreaming Big' They met on Tuesday and had a dance party.
Will And Jaden Smith's Company To Donate Water To Flint Until Lead Levels Drop Flint, Michigan, has been without clean water since 2014.
Older Academy Voters Still Haven't Seen 'Get Out' And Don't Plan To The film is nominated in four Oscar categories.
Rapper Common Bashes NRA During Oscars Performance Gun safety advocate Nicole Hockley and several other high-profile activists also took to the stage.
Jordan Peele Is First Black Director To Win Oscar For Best Original Screenplay The filmmaker is breaking barriers with his directorial debut \Get Out.\
Jordan Peele Wears Deer Pin In Tribute To Symbolism In 'Get Out' At Oscars The social thriller and box office hit is up for four awards.
The Royals Of 'Black Panther' Brought Wakanda Style To The Oscars We literally can't get enough.
Philando Castile Charity Covers Entire School District's Lunch Debt The cafeteria supervisor's memory will live on in this charity by ensuring no student goes hungry.
Little Girl Awestruck By Michelle Obama's Portrait Goes Viral For The Best Reasons \Feeling all the feels.\
#OscarsSoWhite Creator Launches Media Resource Directory For Marginalized Groups \u201cIt\u2019s clear from the response that this is a resource that was needed ... People were waiting to be seen.\u201d
Kamala Harris And Yvette Clarke Call For Capitol Honor For Shirley Chisholm The first black woman elected to Congress deserves a statue.
Amandla Stenberg Passed On \u2018Black Panther\u2019 To Make Way For Darker-Skinned Actors \u201cI recognize 100 percent that there are spaces that I should not take up,\u201d the biracial actress said.
Bodycam Video Shows North Carolina Officer Beating Black Man Accused Of Jaywalking (UPDATED) City officials apologized for the 2017 incident after local media shared the footage this week.
Mary J. Blige Spent More Money To Be In 'Mudbound' Than She Earned The singer's divorce with Kendu Isaacs revealed her financial situation.
SZA Admits She Was 'Mad As Hell' After Grammy Shutout \I\u2019ve never had to deal with anything I really believed in wholeheartedly, or invested in, and went through something that publicly before.\
14 Netflix Titles Celebrating Women of Color This Women's History Month Honor the magic of brown and black women from your couch.
Grand Jury Indicts Two Former Cops Caught On Traffic Stop Beating Video Michael Bongiovanni and Robert McDonald face 10 counts for their alleged attack.
Ta-Nehisi Coates To Author Captain America Comic Books The acclaimed essayist admits he's not convinced he \can tell a great 'Captain America' story.\
Golden State Warriors Skip White House, Take Students To African American Museum Instead \u201cWe\u2019re not going to politicize anything. We\u2019re going to hang out with some kids.\
TheGrio.com's Todd Johnson To Become NBC BLK's Editorial Manager \u201cI want NBC BLK to be able to tell compelling original stories and challenge the narratives surrounding race, identity and culture.\u201d
Ready For A 'Black Panther' Disney Park Ride? Disney's CEO addressed the possibility at a Wall Street conference this week.
'Moonlight' Director Still Hasn't Gotten Over Last Year's Oscars Mix-Up Barry Jenkins says the history-making gaffe \made 2017 a very long year.\
Angela Bassett Teases Possible Plot For 'Black Panther' Sequel The Queen Mother has spoken.
Loretta Lynch Referring to black history, the former attorney general said it's \incumbent upon us\ to tell \our story.\
Tennis Legend Althea Gibson To Be Honored With Statue At U.S. Open Site Gibson was the first African-American to win the Grand Slam title.
Donald Glover Needed 'White Translator' To Convince FX To Allow 'N-Word' In 'Atlanta' The network initially asked Glover to cut it out of the show's pilot. \Only in a world run by white people would that happen,\ he recalled.
After 'Black Panther,' Will Hollywood Finally Admit That Black Films Can Travel? The worldwide success of the Marvel film calls into question how we think of black-led films and markets abroad.
Oprah Compares Florida Shooting Survivors To Civil Rights Activists \u201cIt\u2019s a proud moment; it\u2019s an evolving moment for our country,\u201d she said.
Chance The Rapper Supports Mo'Nique's Call For Wage Equality \Black women, you deserve better.\
'Black Panther' Appears Unstoppable As It Roars Past $700 Million TL;DR
'Black Panther' Success Will Help Fund Boys & Girls Clubs' STEM Centers The grant from Disney will give kids the chance to learn advanced technologies.
BLM's Alicia Garza Launches Census Project To Mobilize Black Political Power The Black Census Project is the first initiative of Garza's Black Futures Lab.
Nigerian Bobsled Team Brought Something More Valuable Than Gold To The Olympics \This is gonna go down in history.\u201d
Tribal Filipinos Were A Surprising Muse For \u2018Black Panther\u2019s\u2019 Dora Milaje Marvel's blockbuster honored African heritage while also nodding to another native people.
Teachers Inspired By 'Black Panther' Are Bringing Its Magic To Classrooms These educators are incorporating the movie's themes into a wide array of subjects -- from math to music.
Tiffany Haddish Will Be The First Black Woman To Host MTV Movie & TV Awards The award show will air on June 18.
6 Things You Didn't Know About Michael B. Jordan Just in case you haven't already memorized everything.
Atlanta Airport Teases 'Black Panther' Fans With Flights To Wakanda Our one-way ticket is booked.
Kendrick Lamar And SZA Sued For Allegedly Ripping Off Artist In 'All The Stars' Video Lina Iris Viktor claims they used her art in the first \Black Panther\ music video.
These Photos Of Black Kids Watching 'Black Panther' Highlight Why This Film Was Needed Welcome to Wakanda.
We Need To Talk About Black Lives And Gun Violence After The Florida Shooting \Other communities that have been devastated by gun violence are still fighting for crumbs.\
'Black Panther' Is Breaking An Insane Number Of Box Office Records It\u2019s truly epic.
'Black Panther' Director Ryan Coogler Pens Letter Of Gratitude To Fans \To see people of all backgrounds wearing clothing that celebrates their heritage... moved me and my wife to tears.\
'Queer Eye' Emotionally Reflects On The Unique Challenges Black Gay Men Face One contestant speaks candidly of the struggle he faced coming out as a gay black man.
'Black Panther' Actress Letitia Wright Hopes Shuri Inspires More Girls To Pursue STEM All hail Princess Shuri! \u2728
Sade To Release First Song Since 2010 For Ava DuVernay's 'A Wrinkle In Time' Let's all praise Ava for being a smooth operator.
Yara Shahidi Films Her Inspiring Message Celebrating Black Girl Magic \To be a black girl is to be one of the reasons the universe thrives.\
R. Kelly Evicted From Atlanta Homes For Unpaid Rent The singer reportedly owes more than $31,000.
Danai Gurira \It\u2019s just this amazing model for us all to look at, like can we all just be like Wakanda?\u201d
Michelle Obama Hails 'Black Panther' For Inspiring 'People Of All Backgrounds' The former first lady has long been a proponent for diversity in entertainment.
Marvel Head Kevin Feige Calls 'Black Panther' The Best Movie The Studio Has Ever Made The numbers indicate moviegoers might agree.
Kendrick Lamar's 'Black Panther' Soundtrack Tops Billboard Chart \u201cBlack Panther
Black Hockey Player Taunted With Racist Chant In Chicago \u201cIt\u2019s sad that in 2018 we\u2019re still talking about the same thing,\ said Washington Capitals hockey player Devante Smith-Pelly.
'Black Panther' Opens With Huge Box Office Numbers The blockbuster is expected to take in over $200 million by the end of the long weekend.
Jury Awards $37 Million To Family Of Korryn Gaines, Woman Killed By Police In 2016 Baltimore police shot and killed Gaines, 23, during a six-hour standoff.
Anchor Invites Her 4-Year-Old 'Mini Me' On Show To Celebrate Natural Hair \u201cGrowing up, I didn\u2019t see any news anchors with curly hair or natural hair, \u201d traffic anchor Demetria Obilor said.
LeBron James Hits Back At Laura Ingraham Over 'Shut Up And Dribble' Comment The NBA star is not backing down.
Activists Launch Voter Registration Drive At 'Black Panther' Screenings #WakandaTheVote 2018!
Trolls Are Posting Fake Stories About Being Attacked At 'Black Panther' Showings Don't fall for them.
Desegregating Blood African-Americans did \u2013 in the end \u2013 force the Red Cross to include them as donors.
People Went All Out For The 'Black Panther' Premiere And It Was Glorious Moviegoers around the country wore a ton of Wakanda-worthy looks.
Dwyane Wade Calls Out Laura Ingraham For Telling LeBron To 'Shut Up And Dribble' \The president has given everyone the courage to live their truths,\u201d Wade tweeted.
14-Year-Old Raised Enough Money To Send 1,000 Girls To See 'A Wrinkle In Time' \It\u2019s a fantasy film that is not about some white boys fighting evil, but about a black girl overcoming it,\ Taylor Richardson wrote.
LeBron James Says Trump Doesn't 'Give A F**k About The People' \u201cIt\u2019s not even a surprise when he says something. It\u2019s, like, laughable,\u201d the NBA star says.
Baltimore Residents Weren't Lying About The City\u2019s Corrupt Police Force It\u2019s a shame no one believed their truths about how law and order falls on the heads of black citizens.
This Black Woman Didn't See Anyone Who Looked Like Her Cosplaying \u2014 So She Changed The Game What advice would you give to children of color or anyone younger who is inspired by you and wants to get into cosplay? I
Lena Waithe's Comedy, Centered On A Queer Black Woman, Is Coming To TBS \Queer black characters have been the sidekick for long enough, it\u2019s time for us to finally take the lead,\u201d she writes.
Here Are The Black People Behind The Scenes Who Made 'Black Panther' A Reality Representation behind the camera matters, too.
6 Queer Couples Share Their Definition of Black Love \Open your heart and mind to all the ways our love is the same.\
A \u2018House Party\u2019 Remake Is In The Works, With LeBron James As Producer The NBA star says he may even make a cameo.
Kenan And Kel Reunite With 'All That' Castmates For Wild Photo Op Awwwww, here it goes!
'Black Panther' Expected To Have Enormous $165 Million-Plus Opening Weekend The film, which comes out Feb. 16, has already been breaking records.
#InWakanda Hashtag Brings The Blackest Of Nations To Life \ #InWakanda ashiness does not exist! There is jojoba oil in the wind.\
Spurs Coach Says U.S. Needs Black History Month Because 'We Live In A Racist Country' \u201cAnd it\u2019s always important to bring attention to it, even if it angers some people.\
Boston Police Department Honored A White Man For Black History Month The choice, which the force has since apologized for, was declared \inappropriate\ by the city's mayor.
Cardi B May Be One Of The Few People Who Can Actually Make Anna Wintour Smile \When Anna met Cardi.\
Lupita Nyong'o Talks 'The Culture Of Hair' Alongside Gorgeous Photo Shoot For Allure \It\u2019s like clay in the right hands. Clay can be dirt in the wrong hands, but clay can be art in the right hands,\ she said of her hair.
Watch This Jamaican Bobsledder's Tearful Plea For Diversity At Winter Olympics Jazmine Fenlator-Victorian spoke from the heart at a Pyeongchang press conference.
Students Walk Out After Princeton Professor Uses Racial Slur In Class On Hate Speech Professor emeritus Lawrence Rosen repeatedly used the word \n****r,\ a student said.
The Hidden History Of Black Nationalist Women\u2019s Political Activism Contrary to popular conceptions, women were also instrumental to the spread and articulation of black nationalism.
11-Year-Old With Dreadlocks Goes Viral For Standing Up To School Bullies Author and life coach\u00a0Toshia Shaw\u00a0shared a photo of her daughter Trinity on\u00a0Twitter\u00a0the day after she was harassed at school
Petition Asks Marvel To Give 25 Percent Of 'Black Panther' Profits To Black Communities \u201cWe have the ability to change the conditions our communities and us as a people face,\ the petition reads.
Exploiting Black Labor After The Abolition Of Slavery It doesn\u2019t have to be this way. We can choose otherwise.
High Schoolers Target Rival Asian, Black Basketball Players With Racist Insults They told an Asian player to open his eyes and said a black player \smokes crack.\
There's Now A Study Backing Up Link Between Police Shootings, Racial Segregation \This problem is not simply about the actions of individuals, but about the actions of all of society,\ says one author of the Boston University study.
Nas Honors Legends Of Black Music In Open Letter For Black History Month \I was raised to understand that every month was Black History Month.\
Black Lives Matter Activist Who Snatched Confederate Flag Killed In New Orleans Rest in power, Muhiyidin Moye.
'Black Panther' Reviews Roar With 100 Percent Rotten Tomatoes Score The Marvel film follows T'Challa, aka Black Panther, as he returns to his African nation of Wakanda to take his place as King.
Michael B. Jordan Honors Black Panther Party On GQ Cover \u201cWe\u2019re giving black people power, royalty. ... We can be superheroes,\ he said, linking the party to the movie.
#WhatBlackPantherMeansToMe Stresses The Power Of Seeing Black Glory In Film \I finally feel validated as a nerd of color. This is every childhood trauma finally being vindicated.\
Ram Trucks' Super Bowl Ad Took MLK's Words Completely Out Of Context King's sermon urged people NOT to seek fulfillment in buying fancy vehicles.
Twitter Celebrates Black Boy Joy With #BlackMenSmiling Hashtag Carefree blackness fit for Black History Month.
Kendrick Lamar, SZA Highlight The Stunning Beauty Of Africa In 'All The Stars' Video It's the first single off the \Black Panther\ soundtrack.
Ram Super Bowl Ad Used MLK Quote To Sell Trucks And People Are Not Happy Whole lotta nope.
#JanetJacksonAppreciationDay Takes Over Twitter Ahead Of Super Bowl \A Queen. An Icon. Black History. Black Present. Black Future.\
This Girl Dressed Up As Michelle Obama For School, And Michelle Loved It \This gets an A+ in my book!\ the former first lady tweeted.
Bronx Teacher Investigated After Reports She Stepped On Black Student In Slavery Lesson \See how it feels to be a slave?\ the teacher asked, according to a student.
Black Celebrities Call For Monuments Honoring Black History Makers In New Project Mic is letting users reimagine and replace Confederate statues.
Ivanka Trump's Black History Month Tweet Sparks Outrage \Are you serious? Do you know who your dad is?\
This Is How Tiffany Haddish Scored A Selfie With Beyonc\u00e9 \u201cOkay, so what had happened was\u2026\u201d
'Father Of Black History' Celebrated In Google Doodle Historian Carter G. Woodson created what eventually became Black History Month.
Octavia Spencer To Buy Out Screening Of 'Black Panther' For Mississippi Community The star will reserve tickets for an underserved community \to ensure that all our brown children can see themselves as a superhero.\
Tiffany Haddish Seriously Loves Bidets You better bet there's a story behind her fascination with them.
Colin Kaepernick Completes His $1 Million Pledge For Underserved Communities Usher helped push the former NFL quarterback to the finish line.
'Black Panther' Premiere Gloriously Celebrates African Royalty \The Black Panther premiere really put fashion shows to shame,\ one fan said.
Michael B. Jordan On His 'Dark' Preparation For 'Black Panther' Role The actor plays the villainous Erik Killmonger in the highly anticipated Marvel film.
Diddy Looks Back on Hip-Hop's Rise In Tweet Celebrating The Genre \u201cIt was so raw and infectious that it broke out of just being a trend and became the culture.\u201d
Teen's Body Found 2 Weeks After Sudden Disappearance Police in Virginia declared Jholie Moussa a runaway juvenile when she vanished. Now they're investigating a homicide.
Jay-Z Got Completely Shut Out At The Grammys, And People Are Pissed The rapper was nominated for eight awards. He went home with zero.
Jemele Hill Is Leaving \u2018SportsCenter\u2019 To Write About Race And Culture She will be working at ESPN\u2019s sports culture website, The Undefeated.
At 27, Hanif Johnson Is The Youngest District Judge In Pennsylvania The Harrisburg native is looking to make a difference in his community.
This Necessary Database Could Help More Black Women Get Elected In 2018 The directory already has more than 400 candidates.
Oprah Shot Down 2020 Speculation In Pre-Golden Globes Interview \It\u2019s not something that interests me. I don\u2019t have the DNA for it.\u201d
Missing Teen's Mom Sixteen-year-old Jholie Moussa disappeared 12 days ago.
Before 'Get Out,' Jordan Peele Didn't See Space For 'Very Many Black Directors' The star nearly gave up on his dreams of directing. Now his first film is an Oscar nominee.
Erykah Badu Under Fire For Seeing 'Something Good' In Hitler The singer says the F\u00fchrer \was a wonderful painter.\
Erica Garner Secretly Filmed A DOJ Meeting. It\u2019s The Companion To Video Of Her Dad's Killing. A June 2017 meeting with Justice Department officials left Garner, who died in December, feeling frustrated.
Amazon Pulls Racist 'Slavery Gets S**t Done' Products From Website \What in the hell is this?\
This Kid's Letter To His Teacher For 'Lying' About Christopher Columbus Needs To Be Framed \I want you to not teach me lies. That is all.\
Sterling K. Brown Makes Award Show History For Second Time This Year Earlier this month, Brown was the first black actor to win in his Golden Globes category. He just did it again at the SAG Awards.
Tracee Ellis Ross On 'Black-ish' Pay Disparity The actress said a report that she threatened to appear in fewer episodes was wrong.
Viola Davis Makes Powerful Demand On Behalf Of Women Of Color At Women's March \I am aware of all the women who are still in silence.\
Mo'Nique Urges Netflix Boycott, Claims Race And Gender Pay Disparity She claims she was offered only $500,000 for a comedy special while Amy Schumer got $13 million.
Mom Of Racist-Ranting Alabama Student Says She Didn't Raise Her That Way Sorority sister Harley Barber was expelled after vile videos went viral.
NBC Orders Pilot For 'Bad Boys' Spinoff Starring Gabrielle Union We're so here for this.
Migos Member Offset Tries To Apologize After Rapping He Can't 'Vibe With Queers' The rapper is trying to fight off social media ire with a dictionary, and it isn't going well.
University Of Alabama Expels Sorority Sister For Using Racial Slurs In Video Rants \I'm an idiot,\ she said of the vile clips.
Actress Jack\u00e9e Harry On 'Sister, Sister' Reboot Sistah, sistahhhh. Never knew how much I missed ya.
New Children's Book Honors Ballet Pioneer Raven Wilkinson Here's to the woman who paved the way for Misty Copeland.
This Guy's Response To His Girlfriend's Selfie Is Extra AF \Man had someone else take a picture of his reaction? I wanna be this in love.\
A Pam Grier Biopic May Be Coming To The Big Screen Soon Jay Pharoah is set to portray Richard Pryor in the film.
Missy Elliott Pays An Emotional Tribute To Aaliyah With Throwback Photos The late singer would have turned 39 on Tuesday.
Three Easy Gratitude Lessons These acts can be incorporated immediately and will show appreciation for yourself and others.
LeBron James Honors Martin Luther King Jr. By Calling Out Trump's Racism James said racism may never die, but we \can\u2019t allow it to divide us.\u201d
'Dear White People' Cast, Crew Honor Jordan Edwards With Scholarship Fund A Texas cop gunned down the 15-year-old as he was leaving a party.
MLK's Daughter Says We Must Remember Her Mother's Legacy, Too \u201cWithout #CorettaScottKing, there would be no #MLKDay,\u201d Bernice King writes.
Protesters Trash South African H&M Stores Over Racist Ad The Swedish clothing company temporarily closed stores in the Johannesburg area.
Celebrate MLK's Birthday By Embracing His Last Message King\u2019s most consequential message was delivered on the night before his death.
Jesse Jackson Is The Most Important Figure In U.S. Political History The civil rights icon has revealed a lot to us and about us.
Forget Trump, The Real Story Is The GOP\u2019s Never-Ending Race Baiting Forget for a brief moment Trump\u2019s vile, unabashed racist \u201cshithole nations\u201d slur of Haiti and African nations. This was simply
AP Uses Jordan Peele Photo While Tweeting About James Franco Misconduct Allegations \u201cUm ... weird photo choice?\u201d Peele tweeted in response to the mistake.
Bernice King Says Trump\u2019s Racist Comments Are \u2018Troubling To Our Humanity\u2019 Martin Luther King Jr.\u2019s daughter responded to Trump\u2019s remarks on multiple platforms.
Issa Rae Hilariously Responds To Rumors She Turned Down Drake The \Insecure\ star reacted in true fangirl fashion.
Trump Ignores Journalist's 'Are You A Racist?' Question After Honoring Martin Luther King Jr. He urged Americans to \fight for [King's] dream\ 24 hours after reports described him calling Haiti and African nations \shithole countries.\
Taraji P. Henson Hopes 'Proud Mary' Will Put More Black Leading Ladies In Action Films \The more young girls see women in power like this, the more they say, \u2018I don\u2019t have to be a victim.\u2019\u201d
Ohio Mom Wants Teacher Fired For Telling Her Son He Might Be Lynched \u201cI know that what she said is racist.\u201d
Alton Sterling's Family Seeks Release Of Controversial Video, Evidence Court documents say one of the unreleased videos shows an officer involved in Sterling's fatal shooting shouting, \I'll kill you, b***h.\
Despite Diversity Initiatives, Black CEOs Are Nearly Extinct Among Fortune 500 companies A greater emphasis must be placed on developing a pipeline for blacks to ascend to high-ranking corporate positions.
Trump\u2019s Deserves No Credit For Black Jobless Plunge Trump predictably wasted no time in crowing that he was the reason for the big plunge in the black jobless rate. It was part
Get Ready For A Biopic About Hattie McDaniel, The First Black Oscar Winner She won an Academy Award for her role in 1939's \Gone With The Wind.\
New York Man Raises Money For Hundreds Of Harlem Kids To See 'Black Panther' \To me nothing is more important than inclusion and representation for children,\ he told HuffPost.
School Homework Asks Kids To Give 3 'Good' Reasons For Slavery \u201cI feel there is no good reason for slavery,\ one fourth-grader wrote.
Jaylen Brown \I just think Trump\u2019s character and some of his values [make] him unfit to lead.\
Savvy Hairstylist Turns Mugshot Into Marketing Opportunity \I felt like I look good in my picture,\ the stylist said.
We Need More Oscar Hopefuls Like \u2018Get Out,\u2019 Not Another \u2018Mudbound\u2019 Jordan Peele's film conveyed the true experience of blackness in the U.S.
2 Nevada Teens Say Cop's Son Has Been Sending Them Racially Charged Threats The photos are just some of many racial taunts two teenagers have allegedly received from high school classmates.
LeBron James Has The Best Response To H&M's Racist Online Ad \u201cU got us all wrong! And we ain\u2019t going for it! Straight up!\
Black Artists Creatively Reimagine Racist H&M Ad Black boy joy continues to overcome.
First Black Woman On U.S. Olympic Long-Track Skating Team Started Sport Only 4 Months Ago Erin Jackson is black girl magic! \u2728
Sterling K. Brown Is The First Black Man To Win Golden Globe For Best Actor In Drama TV Series He thanked \This is Us\ creator Dan Fogelman for writing \a role for a black man that can only be played by a black man.\
Martin Luther King Jr. Kneels With Colin Kaepernick On New Yorker Cover \He'd be disappointed at the slow pace of progress,\ the cover artist said of the civil rights leader.
The Weeknd Quits H&M Partnership Over Racist Ad He said he was \shocked and embarrassed\ by the photo of a black child model wearing a monkey sweatshirt.
Oprah Calls For Day When No One Has To Say 'Me Too' During Golden Globes Speech The media mogul is the first black woman to receive the Cecil B. DeMille Award.
Libyan Slave Trade Perpetuates The Commodification Of Black Bodies No one is free until everyone is.
Yara Shahidi Compares Iran Protests With Black Lives Matter The half Iranian-American, half African-American actress said she hopes others can view the protests from a \humane perspective.\
Walk A Mile In A White Woman\u2019s Shoes Tucker Carlson's simple avatar of oppressed whites in America is embarrassing.
Kendrick Lamar, Top Dawg To Produce Album For 'Black Panther' Film Is it February yet? \ud83d\ude29
Poet And Activist Keorapetse Kgositsile, Who Celebrated Black Arts, Dead At 79 The acclaimed academic was also the father of rapper Earl Sweatshirt.
Essence Is Once Again A 100 Percent Black-Owned Company The black women's magazine is no longer under Time Inc.
An Intersection Of Race, Masculinity, And Mental Health On a cloudy fall day, not unlike this one, my friend Roman* sat across from me in the living room of his small apartment
This Body Of Mine I passed the full-length mirror about a dozen times that morning. I was rearranging furniture, attempting to maximize on
Cop Stops Erykah Badu On NYE To 'Say Hi' The musician shared a video of the encounter on Instagram.
Spike Lee\u2019s \u2018She\u2019s Gotta Have It\u2019 Renewed For Second Season Happy New Year!
There Are Always More Victims Than One In A Police Killing Erica Garner's death proves the casualties of police violence are far-reaching.
Women Rewrite The Constitution In Jay-Z's 'Family Feud,' Directed By Ava DuVernay People of color are the foundation of the future in this short film.
Recy Taylor, Whose 1944 Rape Inspired Black Women\u2019s Resistance, Dead At 97 Taylor will be remembered for bravely speaking out after she was gang-raped by six white men in the Jim Crow era.
Repealing Net Neutrality Could Hurt Online Entrepreneurs Here are some of the small businesses that stand to suffer from the dissolution of a free and open internet.
Ohio Teens Charged With Tossing Sandbag Off Overpass That Killed Man \He's gone [and] he's never coming back,\ a relative said.
Will Blacks Also Get Treatment Not Jail For Opioid Addiction? There was mild surprise when the news hit that the opioid death rate among Blacks is fast approaching that of whites. Surprise
24 Of The Most Thought-Provoking Pieces Of Writing By People Of Color In 2017 Read these before the year is over.
Kobe Bryant Aims To Inspire Youth With Animated Film 'Dear Basketball' The film is currently shortlisted for an Oscar.
Hip-Hop Pioneer Reggie 'Combat Jack' Oss\u00e9 Dead At 48 The \Combat Jack Show\ host was recently diagnosed with colon cancer.
Issa Rae Is Working On A Show About The Love Life Of A Bisexual Black Man And we are here for it. \ud83d\ude0d
Whether It\u2019s Smiley Or Cosby, I\u2019m Still Hearing Many Blacks Scream Race There is and never has been any conspiracy to bring these guys down because of their too-big-for-their-britches position.
The Issue With Cornel West Criticizing Ta-Nehisi Coates Dr. West's history of warring with more prominent Black intellectuals has proven counterproductive.
A Black Kid In A Hoodie Brings Tidings Of Comfort And Joy 'The Snowy Day' is a saving grace that pushed past the hard edges of a world that didn\u2019t always accept the color of my skin.
Alabama Is The Perfect Test Case For Empowering Black And Brown Voters By Thomas Kennedy Democrat Doug Jones managed to accomplish last week what conventional wisdom thought impossible when he
Colin Kaepernick Wants To Join Diddy's Quest For NFL Ownership \Let\u2019s make it happen!\u201d the former quarterback tweeted.
The Unsolved Murder Of Tupac Shakur Speaks To The Black Male\u2019s Experience Nationwide It's not just about Tupac; it is about all of our young black boys being murdered and never seeing justice.
I Love Steve Bannon I love him because he continues to terrorize GOP mainstream leaders.
No One Is Impressed With This French Soccer Star's Blackface 'Homage' \u201cHighly offensive [toward] the black community,\u201d rapper Lecrae tweeted. \u201cEven worse to tell the offended to calm down so can you continue to parade the post.\
Omarosa Says Donald Trump Is 'Racial' But 'Not A Racist\u2019 She regrets not seeing the level of diversity in the White House she \strove to see.\
Teen Used Dying Breaths To Identify Man Who Allegedly Shot Her After She Rebuffed His Advances A police officer testified this week about what the Brooklyn girl said.
'Late Night' Writer Amber Ruffin Hails Alabama's Black Women For Saving America \You're welcome!\
Why My Children Will Not Play Cops And Robbers Until the image and aims of law enforcement change, I am not comfortable with my children aspiring to join their ranks
'My Hair Does Not Look Like That' When news dropped that\u00a0redhead emoji were expected to launch in June 2018, the internet nearly lost it. Now,\u00a0natural hair
Omarosa Was Right And Wrong In Joining Trump The former Trump aide insists she stuck with, defended and attacked on behalf of the president for the sake of her community.
This 16-Year-Old Opening His Harvard Acceptance Letter Is Pure Black Joy Just try to watch this video and not smile.
Jones Victory Sends Message To Democrats It behooves Democrats to appeal more to their Black, Democratic strongholds and increase voter turnout.
Black Voters Helped Elect The Man Who Prosecuted Birmingham Church Bombers Despite voter suppression, the black community played a major part in Doug Jones' victory.
Traveling Ethiopia Taught Me To Appreciate Its Heritage How reconnecting with my roots gave me a greater sense of purpose.
Cops Handcuff 11-Year-Old Girl At Gunpoint As She Walks Out Of Her Home Grand Rapids, Michigan, officers were searching for a 40-year-old white woman wanted in a stabbing.
4-Year-Old's Parents Livestreamed His Reading Marathon As He Finished 100 Books Somebody get Caleb Green a scholarship!
Tiffany Haddish On Sexual Harassment In Comedy Haddish opens up about her experiences in her memoir \The Last Black Unicorn.\
Hannibal Buress Arrested For Disorderly Intoxication In Miami \What I am detained for?\u201d the comedian repeats in cellphone footage of the arrest.
These Terrence Howard Memes Are What You Need In Your Life, Mayne \u201cDo you wanna build a snow mayne?\u201d
Discussions With NFL Players And Agents Reveal The Collaborative Efforts In Player Protests Across the league, players at varying points in their careers brainstormed with agents about how to best get convey their views.
A 'Girls Trip'-Inspired TV Show Could Now Be A Reality, Film Writer Says Tracey Oliver says the industry is more open to black-led projects since the movie\u2019s success.
Sadly, Trump Is Winning Despite low approval ratings, Trump has delivered on specific promises to wealthy donors and the far right.
Generational Wealth, That's The Key Conservative legislators are passing a tax bill that will worsen economic disparity. Here's how Black people can attempt to guard against it.
Gabrielle Union On The #MeToo Movement \It's no coincidence whose pain is being heard,\ the actress said.
Former Police Officer Sentenced To 20 Years In Prison For Death Of Walter Scott Michael Slager fatally shot Scott in 2015 while Scott ran away from him.
Chance The Rapper, Google Team Up To Give $1.5 Million Toward STEM In Chicago Schools The Chicago rapper is advocating for more computer science education in his hometown.
Truth Bombs About Racial Bias And Police Brutality On \u2018Days Of Our\u00a0Lives\u2019 The soap opera delved into a more nuanced discussion of race than we typically see in daytime dramas.
Man Allegedly Sets Girlfriend's House On Fire, Blames 'Random Black Guy' Jose Bernando Rosas Madrigal, 19, allegedly set the house ablaze while people were inside.
Trump\u2019s Virtual Lily-White Court Picks Are A Judicial Horror There was little surprise at the news that Trump is packing the federal judiciary with as many white, conservative males
Cardi B's 'Bodak Yellow' Brings NYC Commuters Together For Massive Subway Party #MoneyMoves \ud83d\udcb8
Amanda Seales Claims Russell Simmons Asked If They 'Ever F**ked' During Meeting The actress said \power dynamics\ keep so many victims of harassment silent.
22-Year-Old Rapper Meets 81-Year-Old Words With Friends Opponent Words can't express how we feel.
Educate Your Relatives This Holiday Season With A 'F*ck Your Racist Grandma' Sweatshirt \u201cYou can love your grandma,\ says 19-year-old designer Olatiwa Karade. \But you also need to be saying, \u2018You know, grandma, black people are human.'\u201d
Colin Kaepernick To Receive Muhammad Ali Legacy Award \u201cLike Muhammad, Colin is a man who stands on his convictions with confidence and courage,\ Ali's widow says in presenting the Sports Illustrated honor.
DMX\u2019s Cover Of \u2018Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer\u2019 Is A Gift To The World Christmas came early.
Jay-Z Calls Pain That Inspired '4:44' And Beyonc\u00e9's 'Lemonade' 'The Hardest Thing' He added that the two were working on a joint album before dropping their solo albums.
Denzel Washington Is Dead Wrong About The \u201cBad\u201d Black Father The superstar actor's expressed politics of respectability are tired and untrue.
Anti-Street Harassment Campaign In 'She's Gotta Have It' Comes To Life With #MyNameIsnt Netflix is taking a powerful stand against catcalling.
Memo Suggests FBI Secretly Monitored Black Lives Matter Protests The agency feared \u201cblack supremacist extremists\u201d would disrupt the 2016 political conventions.
Tamir Rice, The Loss Of Black Innocence And The Still Urgent Need For Policing Reform As most Americans celebrated with their families over the Thanksgiving holiday, they likely missed the three-year anniversary
Five Gems Dropped At AfroTech To Help You Walk Your Path Boldly Helpful tips to aid in maintaining your identity and dominating your industry.
Susan Sarandon Doubles Down On Nonsense The actress continues to suggest a Clinton presidency would be identical to what we've witnessed under Trump, despite clear evidence to the contrary.
Issa Rae Is Showing Some Serious Self-Love In New CoverGirl Commercial So here for this! \ud83d\ude0d
Erykah Badu Kneeled To Honor Colin Kaepernick At 2017 Soul Train Awards \u201cI know I usually do a big elaborate musical number, but right here, right now, I feel I need to this.\
Mill Case Casts Ugly Glare On The Racially Biased Parole System Meek Mill did more than rouse the anger of former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and Rap Mogul Jay-Z. Both
Celebs Rally For Cyntoia Brown, A Child Sex-Trafficking Victim Who Killed A Man She has been serving a life prison sentence since 2006.
Black Celebrities Are Here To Reclaim Black Friday For Black Politicians \Instead of splurging on stuff, let's spend our money on progress by boosting black politics.\
The Stronghold Of American, Anti-Black Injustice That Easily Claimed Tamir Rice's Life Decades of racist rhetoric and policy greased the skids leading to the 12-year old's killing.
Boy Born Without Kidneys Finally Gets Transplant, Help From Tyler Perry Perry donated a car to help the family drive the toddler to dialysis treatments hours before he received a new kidney.
Who Got Next Organizations must nourish and buttress the political ambitions of young black and brown women.
15 Gifts From Black-Owned Businesses Your Loved Ones Deserve This Holiday Season #BuyBlack
America Needs Men To Step Up Or Step Aside Our nation's raft of sexual assault revelations demonstrates our dire need for women in positions of power who can frame policy and codify codes of conduct.
Donald Trump Is Working To Reset America\u2019s Immigration Policy And Make America White Again The administration's newly announced decision to expel Haitian immigrants marks a brazen attempt to keep people of color out of the country.
African American Museum To Digitize Vintage Photos, Videos For Black Families \We recognize the importance of these vernacular, homemade images, this folk cinema, as an alternate history to the kinds of history that the mass media tells.\u201d
On Donald Trump, Birth Control, And Sexism Harming Young Women The Trump administration's regressive birth control policies are teaching my young daughter about gender-based injustice.
White Ex-Cop Sentenced To 15 Years For Shooting Death Of Daughter's Black Boyfriend Shannon Kepler had been off-duty when he killed 19-year-old Jeremey Lake in August 2014.
Trump Calls For NFL To Suspend Marshawn Lynch Next Time He Sits For National Anthem The running back sat for \The Star-Spangled Banner\ and stood for Mexico's national anthem before Sunday's game.
People Of Color Are More Likely To Be Exposed To Pollution Than White People Yet not much is being done to fix it.
This Artist Made A Game For Black Women Who Are Tired Of People Touching Their Hair Momo Pixel created \Hair Nah!\ for women who are tired of telling folks, \Don't touch my hair.\
Black Men's Sentences 20 Percent Longer Than White Men's For Similar Crimes A new report provides more evidence of the racism in the criminal justice system.
Rev. Jesse Jackson Diagnosed With Parkinson's Disease The civil rights activist said he will be making \lifestyle changes\ to slow the disease's progression.
NFL Player Calls Out Hypocrisy Of Christians Who've Denounced Colin Kaepernick \u201cThe Bible talks very explicitly in Proverbs about being the voice of the voiceless and speaking up for the vulnerable.\
Networking Group Invites White People To 'Come Meet A Black Person' The organizer wants to promote relationships that can bridge the racial gap in her community.
Judge Overturns Conviction Of Innocent Man Sentenced To Life More Than 40 Years Ago Wilbert Jones will finally get his freedom after spending most of his life in prison.
Drake Calls Out Creep Groping A Woman During His Performance He threatened to come off stage and fight the man.
Fans Drag Sportswriter For Quoting Rap Lyric With Racial Epithet To Discuss LeBron Scuffle Social media wasn't having Peter Vecsey's defense.
A Contemporary Artist Is Helping Princeton Confront Its Ugly Past Princeton is hardly the first college to reckon with the racial injustice that defined its founding, and to seek a kind of rhetorical cleansing.
African-Americans Can Smoke Out Lung Cancer Don\u2019t Die From Lung Cancer. Get Screened And Stop Smoking. Lung cancer is the No. 1 cancer killer in African-Americans. Blacks
Colin Kaepernick Covers GQ As 'Citizen Of The Year' The former NFL quarterback wants to \reclaim the narrative of his protest.\
What Would Dr. King Think About America Today? Fifty years after his death, he'd still have plenty to say.
Cardi B Makes Chart-Topping History Again With 3 Hits On Billboard List The Bronx rapper is on a winning streak.
Pauli Murray's Song Of Hope Lessons learned from one of Yale Law's brightest.
Family Says Child With Dairy Allergy Died After School Gave Him Grilled Cheese The school knew about his life-threatening condition, the boy's parents say.
Natasha Rothwell On 'Insecure,' Representation And Her Space In Comedy The comedian discusses how she uses her passion and platform to ensure curvy black women feel seen.
Students Punished For Wearing Confederate Flag, Telling Black Kids 'Go Back To Africa' They wore them in response to black students protesting racial injustice during Spirit Week.
There Is No Debate Recent outrage expressed toward Ta-Nehisi Coates reveals our irrational celebration of debate.
Air Force Academy Says Offensive Graffiti Was Fake, But Racism Is Real \You can never overemphasize the need for a culture of dignity and respect,\ the school's superintendent said.
Here's Why Music Education Is Essential For Underserved Schools Sway Calloway and VH1 Save The Music Foundation discuss the mental and emotional benefits of music programs for kids.
6 Things Willie Dynamite Taught Us About Business You got to have VISION!
Jenifer Lewis The \Black-ish\ star opens up about her new book.
A Year After The Election It\u2019s more clear than ever that our most important work is to protect our democracy by fighting to ensure all of our communities have freedom.
A Letter To My Nephew, Born On Election Night You have always been the perfect foil to our current commander-in-chief.
Here's What I'm Doing With My 'Thoughts And Prayers' This Week Politicians always instruct voters to pray in the wake of tragedy, and I'm going to do just that.
Sikh Marathon Runners Honor Colin Kaepernick During Race \My Sikh faith teaches me to confront any injustice I encounter in this world.\
One Year Later Here are the things our children must know about their current president.
The Story Of Brianna Brochu Reveals The Dark Current Of Racism In Connecticut People who prefer to ignore our state's oppressive history cannot do so in the face of glaring wrongdoing.
Black Organizers Call For Boycott Of Target, Other Major Stores In St. Louis The boycott comes two months after ex-cop Jason Stockley's not guilty verdict.
Blaming Black Voter Turnout In Virginia Black voters are expected to save white voters from themselves.
I Ran The NYC Marathon In Chains To Urge Our Government To Acknowledge Black And Brown Suffering Dismantling white supremacy requires a degree of discomfort from all of us.
A Shaky Case Against Clinton Rigging The DNC The only real value in any of this is to send a message to the DNC that it must fix things to clear the air of the division and bickering that plagued Democrats in 2016.
We Won't Accept That Our Children Won't Succeed. The recent article published in CalMatters on black student achievement in San Francisco does a mediocre job of telling half
Tamika Mallory The Women's March co-chair stressed the importance of everyone working together to fight for black and brown women.
Cafe Accused Of Turning Away Black Kids Trick-Or-Treating, But Not White Ones \u201cYou got to be kidding me,\u201d said a Brooklyn community leader who saw the whole thing.
Google Grants $1 Million To Non-Profit To Bring More Black Boys To Tech The funds will help The Hidden Genius Project reach more youth.
We Need More Women Physicians Of Color We\u2019ll not only have a better health care system, we\u2019ll have a healthier, more equitable society.
Former Jackson Mayor Paddled Man Who Tried Breaking Into His Car \When you break in people's stuff, it's because somebody ain't whooped your tail!\
New Orleans' School System Has Failed Its Students Post-Katrina Many of the parents and children who've returned after being battered and displaced by the hurricane still feel abandoned by our city.
Nearly Every Texans Player Kneeled During Today's National Anthem The protest comes days after their team's owner called them \inmates.\
'The Daily Show' Reminds People How Not To Be Racist This Halloween \Every year, somehow, there are people who put on costumes that are about 200 years too late.\
The Top 7 Reasons Black Parents Are Magical Black parents have proven themselves up to the task of raising confident children who can navigate an unjust world.
Police Officer Who Killed Terence Crutcher Has Manslaughter Charge Expunged From Record Betty Shelby's lawyer said it was important for the \smear\ on her name to be removed from public view.
Kellogg\u2019s Is Redesigning  Corn Pops Boxes So They're Not Racist The company said it \did not intend to offend.\
From #MeToo To #WhoMe? Where Are White Women Allies When A Black Woman Is Called A Whore? Black women are tired of having to come to everyone else\u2019s defense and then looking around and finding themselves alone when they\u2019re under attack.
Town's Black History Markers Stolen After First African-American Mayor Takes Office The monuments in Stamps, Arkansas, honored the late author Maya Angelou and three pioneering state legislators.
More Delusional, White People Or Charter Advocates? Since I often share satirical articles from McSweeney\u2019s and The Onion, and some regularly respond oblivious to the satire
Boston's Mayoral Election Hinges On Race And Fairness Incumbent Mayor Marty Walsh and City Councilor Tito Jackson envision two very different futures for the city, epitomizing a divide on the left.
In St. Louis, This Woman Is Making A Change One Meal At A Time Mama Cat is one of the many people still doing the work post-Ferguson.
#IBelieveFrederica Why is it so hard to believe black women?
Why So Many Whites Think They Are Discriminated Against For decades, the GOP has sold their constituents a narrative of white victimhood.
The Affordability Of White Privilege It\u2019s Black History Month here in the UK and I just finished reading Ta-Nehisi Coates\u2019 latest book, We Were Eight Years in
Middle School Football Players Post Racist Video Pretending To Rape Black Teammates A Virginia town is struggling to address the shocking Snapchat clip.
How Campus Racism Could Affect Black Students' College Enrollment At risk are colleges\u2019 and universities\u2019 reputations as champions of diversity, as well as black students\u2019 academic success.
2 Dads On The Challenges And Rewards Of Black Fatherhood Shaka Senghor and Glen Henry share the lessons parenthood has taught them.
Jemele Hill Returns To ESPN After Controversial Suspension The \SportsCenter\ host has been off the air for two weeks.
Justin Timberlake Super Bowl Halftime Announcement Sparks #JusticeForJanet Fans say Janet Jackson has been more scrutinized than Timberlake since infamous wardrobe malfunction.
Too Many Troubling Questions About The Death Of Sgt. La David Johnson Trump's bungling has made the Niger story front-page news. That's just the start.
Why I Confronted Dallas Cowboys Owner Jerry Jones It was important to question him on his troubling tendency to muzzle his players and align himself with an oppressive president.
Tracy Martin Gives Touching Tribute To Trayvon With A Portrait Tattoo Martin appears on an upcoming episode of \Black Ink Crew Chicago.\
What David Cross Doesn\u2019t Get About Racist Jokes And Power Dynamics When you make a racist joke, you don\u2019t get to decide how people of color should receive it.
Mississippi School To Swap Confederate Leader's Name For Barack Obama's Nearly all the elementary school's students are black. It's currently named for Jefferson Davis.
It's All Connected The standoff is still emblazoned in my mind.
The Internet Couldn't Get Enough Of Gucci Mane And Keyshia Ka'oir's Luxurious Wedding Congrats to the Wopsters! \u2764\ufe0f
Britain's National Health Service Expertly Shut Down A Racist Twitter Troll \Think he'll need hospital treatment for that burn.\
School Investigating Video Of Cheerleaders Giggling And Chanting Racial Slurs The offensive video, initially shared privately, went viral after fellow students made it public.
To Kneel Or Stand; A Prisoner's Perspective To kneel or to stand. The entire country is at odds over NFL players kneeling during the national anthem. What began as a
John Thompson Received 18 Wrongful Years On Death Row, Yet Never Received Justice The activist and death row exoneree died without anyone being named culpable for his wrongful imprisonment.
To Kill A Mockingbird, White Saviors, And The Paradox Of Obama And Race The critically acclaimed book--and our allegiance to it--demonstrates the constraints of our conversations on racism.
Is 2017 The Year Of The Black Woman Mayor? Across the nation, black women are taking it upon themselves to impact their communities in the most direct way possible.
Here's Why Some Black Women Aren't Here For #WomenBoycottTwitter The racial politics of the protest in support of Rose McGowan are tricky.
Thurgood Marshall\u2019s Mission is Still Necessary A talented, resolute man of color, Marshall helped light my path and instilled into me a deep sense of social obligation.
Ryan Coogler Speaks Out Against Harvey Weinstein The \Black Panther\ director said he is \disturbed and saddened\ by the Weinstein news.
U.S. Government Drastically Undercounted The Number Of Civilians Killed By Cops In 2015 U.S. police killed 1,166 people - more than three a day - in 2015, but an official government count missed a majority of the deaths, a new study shows.
The Cast Of Broadway's 'Miss Saigon' Took A Knee In Solidarity With NFL Players The mostly Asian cast said they \believe in equality and the right to peaceful protest.\
The Dove Ad Just Proved What We Already Knew I refuse to believe there were senior-level black people involved in the development of this advertisement.
Michael Jordan Donates $7 Million To Build Medical Clinics In Charlotte The former NBA star aims to bring affordable health care to underserved communities.
Princess Nokia Reveals She Threw Soup On Racist Subway Rider In Viral Video \I will do anything to defend the honor of my brothers and sisters #blacklivesmatter,\ the Harlem rapper tweeted.
Celebs Are Showing Their Support For Jemele Hill On Social Media \Why are most Rich & Powerful white men, so intimidated by capable Black Women?\ Tichina Arnold tweeted.
Mike Ditka And The Willful Ignorance Of White America The former Bears coach's claim that there's been \no oppression\ in the last century is glaringly numbskulled.
The FBI's 'Black Identity Extremist' Classification Is As Absurd As 'Reverse Racism' The government will prey on civil rights activists by suggesting they--not white supremacists--pose a threat to our nation.
Model From Tone-Deaf Dove Ad Speaks Out \I am strong, I am beautiful, and I will not be erased.\u201d
Chance The Rapper Livestreams Traffic Stop In Chicago \I just want y'all to be here in case it gets out of hand.\
The Dove Ad Is What Happens When 'Diversity' Is Just A Buzzword Using black people in ads without considering our history is an all-too-common mistake.
Enslaved By Native Americans I took a step toward reconciliation after learning about the violence inflicted upon my ancestors.
Jemele Hill Suspended From ESPN For 2 Weeks After Social Media 'Violation' She spoke out against the owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who threatened to bench players for protesting during the national anthem.
Student Gets Suspended For Sitting During Pledge Of Allegiance Senior India Landry and her family have filed a lawsuit against Cypress Fairbanks ISD school district in Houston.
Dove 'Regrets' Soap Ad Showing Black Woman Turning Into White Woman \I really would like to know who exactly had a seat at the table making this decision.\
Cam Newton Apologizes For 'Degrading' Insult To Female Reporter \My word choice was ... disrespectful to women,\ the quarterback said.
Why 'Flint 6' Filmmaker Rejected $3.75 Million To Maintain Film's Integrity J.J. Green launched a fundraising campaign after learning investors wanted to take the film out of Flint.
Stay Woke On Mammograms, Black Women I will start National Breast Cancer Awareness Month (October) by telling you the truth about mammograms. Roughly two-thirds
Milwaukee Is Home To One Of The Longest Youth-Led Mass Protests In U.S. History And 50 years later, few in our city know about it.
There They Go Again Making Excuses For The Paddocks The predictable began the instant Stephen Paddock mass murdered 59 persons and wounded hundreds more. That is the almost
Terrelle Pryor Says He Flipped Off Fan After Being Called The N-Word The Washington receiver said he heard the slur several times on Monday in the Kansas City game.
Man Arrested Over Mass Murder Threat At Historically Black University, Police Say \After all, it's not murder if they're black,\ read an online post.
The Reporter Cam Newton Insulted Apologizes For Her Racist Tweets One tweet from five years ago suggested she enjoyed racist jokes.
Cop Who Tackled James Blake Is Now Suing Him For Defamation The officer is seeking $75,000 in damages for emotional distress and slander.
New Film Company Raises $150 Million To Bring Diverse Stories To Film And TV Charles D. King's MACRO, the studio behind \Fences,\ wants to highlight more \multi-faceted\ stories.
Eating Disorders Are For Skinny, White Girls And Other Lies I Was Told My bulimia was almost perfectly invisible. Over the course of my nearly 10-year struggle with disordered eating, I can count
This Hero Risked His Life Saving Dozens During The Las Vegas Shooting Jonathan Smith says he's not a hero, he was just \trying to do the right thing.\u201d
If You Want To Support NFL Player Protests, Watch The WNBA Finals WNBA athletes have been incredibly active in speaking up for social justice.
Calling Las Vegas Massacre \u2018Deadliest Shooting In U.S. History\u2019 Erases Our Violent Past Let's not negate the events of black history.
The Lingering, Powerful Legacy Of \u201cScientific Racism\u201d In America Standardized testing perpetuates the very inequalities it is designed to measure.
I Agree With My Father About Kaepernick's Anthem Protest The quarterback is shedding light on important causes and centering Black women in the process.
Hundreds Gather For The March For Black Women In D.C. \u201cWe are marching to say that black women\u2019s lives matter...\
OWN's New Show 'Released' Is A Powerful Look At Life After Incarceration The show follows six formerly incarcerated black men and women who restart their lives.
Head Of Air Force Academy Tells Cadets \u201cIf you can\u2019t treat someone with dignity and respect, then you need to get out,\ he said.
With Their #KeepYoMoney Promo, Republicans Confirm They Don't Know Any Black People The GOP trotted out Senator Tim Scott to sell a tax plan to African Americans. They failed.
'Black-ish' Creator Kenya Barris Is Writing The 'Coming to America' Sequel It's really happening.
Bar With Homemade 'Lynch Kaepernick' Doormat Can't Figure Out Why Everyone Is Calling It Racist \u201cIt\u2019s not a race thing,\u201d the bar owner said.
Racial Justice Group's Video Explains Anthem Protests With Help Of Players Here's how to answer critics and angry fans in one sharp minute.
Don't Buy Donald Trump's False Narrative Some have died for our country while others have died because of our country. They all must be honored.
NFL Owners Must Protect Players' Free Speech And Congress Must Move On Criminal Justice Reform Players are shedding more light on persistent issues. Legislators need to ensure these issues are combated with effective policy.
Montel Williams Breaks Down In Tears While Defending NFL Protests \How dare you disrespect those who have been shot for freedom of speech by telling people to shut up?\u201d
Despite Claims Denying Their Patriotism, Protestors Fighting Racism Must Continue Onward The president's slurs and slandering should not tamp down the anti-racist movement.
Want To Know Why Athletes Chose To #TakeAKnee? Look At Our Broken Justice System By Fredrick McKissack, Jr. In an alternate universe, the White House is populated with adroit thinkers who consider that
Hating Kaepernick Was Never About Respecting America. It's About Controlling Black People Critics cannot feign concern for our nation as their president embraces nazism and they allow veterans to perish in solitude.
How The NFL Gentrified A Black Man's Protest The league has mobilized to blunt the power of its protesting players
New Series Highlights The Trials And Triumphs Of Black Fatherhood \Pops\ premieres on October 26.
The First Children's Book With A Black Protagonist Gets Its Own Stamp Series \The Snowy Day\ will be honored with four unique stamps.
Two Trailblazers On Growing Up Black And Female In The North And South Resilient and strong, these women share their journeys to claiming a seat at the table.
Don\u2019t Let Trump Flip The Script This is not about the flag or even the national anthem. It\u2019s about the fact that in 2017 we still live in a country that does not treat all of its citizens equally.
One In Seven NFL Players Protested Yesterday. Let's Discuss The Arguments Against Them Not to pick a side, but simply to understand.
Black Culture Is Unparalleled And Winning Right Now We are bearing witness to the potency of Black creativity and influence.
A Decades-Old Conviction Cost Me My Post-Retirement Job Unfortunately, stories like mine are commonplace in Texas, where millions of people from all backgrounds will see an arrest or conviction in their lifetime.
Donald Trump Prefers Violent Football So More Black Players Get Hurt The positions that suffer the most brain injuries are also the ones played by more blacks, Kevin Blackistone says.
NASA Dedicates Facility In Honor Of 'Hidden Figures' Heroine Katherine Johnson \We\u2019re here to honor the legacy of one of the most admired and inspirational people ever associated with NASA.\
Kaepernick Is Right To #TakeAKnee His entire life Trump has done a decent job in keeping in his feelings about black people hidden enough. Every now and then
LeBron James Explains Why Trump's Attack On The NFL Is Personal \It\u2019s hitting home for me even more because he\u2019s using sports as the platform to try and divide us.\
My Response To 'Straight Black Men Are The White People of Black People' The two most insulting\u00a0gibes you, as a Black person, can hurl at another are to talk about \yo mama\ or call them White, especially
After 'Natural' Disasters, The Devastation Is Worst For Black And Brown Communities Socioeconomic inequality often places communities of color at a tremendous disadvantage as they shield themselves from damage.
Why Asheville Needs An Equity And Inclusion Manager Not everyone begins from the same place or has the same opportunities or obstacles.
Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi thinks the ad should never have referenced Black Lives Matter.
Jemele Hill, Donald Trump And The Politics Of White Fragility Last week, Jemele Hill set twitter and much of the media world on fire. Indeed, the internet was ablaze when she tweeted
R. Kelly Accuser Alleges A \u2018Trainer\u2019 Taught Her How To Sexually Please Him At 16 Jerhonda Pace speaks to the women on \u201cThe Real.\u201d
MISSING OBAMA Oftentimes we don\u2019t understand the good we have until it\u2019s gone. We don\u2019t realize the value of a time, place, experience
What Are Black Sports Journalists Allowed To Say About Trump And Race? ESPN host Jemele Hill is being roasted for calling Donald Trump a white supremacist. HuffPost spoke with three prominent black journalists about what truths they are permitted to tell.
Trump Supporters Invite Black Lives Matter On Stage In A Rare Moment Of Unity This isn't something you see very often.
What It's Like To Be Black, Gay And HIV-Positive In Birmingham I knew almost immediately that I didn\u2019t want to keep my diagnosis a secret.
Entire Third Grade Football Team Kneels In Protest Of Police Brutality The team of 8-year-olds asked their coach if they could follow in Colin Kaepernick's footsteps.
Birmingham's Urban Growth Leaves Poor Communities Behind We don't feel included in the city's development.
Like Issa Rae, I\u2019m Also \u2018Rooting for Everybody Black\u2019 As many obstacles as we face in our lives, there are times when we need to see one another win.
St. Louis Police Chant 'Whose Streets? Our Streets!' After Arresting Protesters Eyewitnesses said cops yelled the refrain, which has often been used by Black Lives Matter activists, more than once.
Issa Rae's Unapologetic Support Of Black Stars At The Emmys Is A Mood \u201cI\u2019m rooting for everybody black.\
Investing Citywide In Chicago Will Change Nationwide Perceptions It is important for our city to invest in our institutions to better job prospects and improve city services.
Fatal Baton Rouge Shootings Investigated As Racially Motivated Authorities have arrested a person of interest in the deaths of two Louisiana men.
Teacher Accused Of Assaulting Student For Sitting During Pledge Of Allegiance The student had sat during the pledge for years without any problems -- until now.
Police And Protesters Clash In St. Louis After Ex-Cop Is Acquitted Of Murdering A Black Man Nine city officers and a state trooper were injured and at least 23 people were taken into custody.
Killer Cop Trials Are America\u2019s Big Charades The judge who acquitted Jason Stockley gave a revealing glimpse into the Mt. Everest-high bar in trying to get a cop conviction in deadly force cases.
Hundreds Protest In St. Louis After Ex-Cop Acquitted For Killing Black Man In 2011 \u201cWe haven\u2019t made any progress since Ferguson, that\u2019s clear. Cops can still kill us with impunity,\ a local reverend said.
Twitter Condemns Trump\u2019s Sympathy For White Supremacy With #NaziBucketChallenge The hashtag simultaneously supports Jemele Hill and condemns Trump.
A Prayer To End Child Poverty in Our Time We know what to do to end child poverty if we want to in rich America. The U.S. Census Bureau reported this week that the
NYPD Releases Body Cam Footage From Fatal Shooting For The 1st Time Officers fired 16 times on a man with a history of mental health problems.
Anthony Lamar Smith's Brother Antwan Johnson vowed to continue to fight for justice.
Firefighter Says Saving One Dog Is \u2018More Important\u2019 Than A Million Black People Tyler Roysdon has been suspended for his racist Facebook post.
Protesters Unfurl 'Racism Is As American As Baseball' Sign At Boston Red Sox Game Security guards confiscated the sign within a matter of minutes.
My Grandmother Taught Me To Love Mississippi, But Our State Flag Represents Hate And I am devoted to plucking that flag out of the earth it poisons.
Chicago Sees Spike In Black Women Obtaining Concealed Carry Permits \u201cWe need to learn how to defend ourselves.\u201d
Calling Out White Supremacy Comes With Consequences For Black Folks The Trump presidency has shifted our national outrage and placed antiracists in our crosshairs.
Andre 3000 To Star In A New Sci-Fi Movie About Convicts In Space Zadie Smith is writing the script.
A Reality Show About Marshawn Lynch Is Coming To Facebook \u201cWe think we have a big hit on our hands.\
This Doll Aims To Empower Kids With Albinism And Dispel Harmful Myths Alexa is the newest edition to Mala Bryan's doll collection.
'You Better Believe It' So exciting!
Chicago Teen Found Dead In Hotel Freezer Sparks Outrage, Confusion Numerous petitions are demanding justice for 19-year-old Kenneka Jenkins.
ESPN's Jemele Hill \u201cWe have addressed this with Jemele and she recognizes her actions were inappropriate,\u201d ESPN said in a statement.
Watch Out Wonder Woman \u201cBlessing in Disguise\u201d is the first Marvel story to be set in a real-life African country and feature a Nigerian superhero.
For The First Time In History, North Carolina Has 6 Black Female Police Chiefs \u201cWe\u2019ve broken a glass ceiling.\
Congress \u201cIn this dark day of discontent So many feel despair As poverty and dissidence Cause sadness everywhere.\u201d On May 11, 1997
What It Means To Survive A Hurricane When white folks are depicted taking food or items from stores, they are portrayed as survivors.
Black Culture Appropriation Meets Its Match On 'The Daily Show' \Don't get me started on dreadlocks,\ a very funny Dulce Sloan says.
Texas A&M Coach's Wife Calls Out Racist Who Sent Threatening Letter \Did it occur to you that a child may open it?\ Charlene Sumlin wrote.
Trump\u2019s DACA Decision Turns Its Back On Our Nation\u2019s Principles For a country that holds equality, liberty and fairness as core values, the rhetoric just does not match up.
Michaela Coel's Musical Lands Multi-Million Dollar Deal With Netflix \ud83d\ude4c
Yvonne Orji To Make Film Debut In Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish Comedy The Nigerian-American actress is best known for her breakout role on \Insecure.\
American Tennis Is Alive Because Of Black Women By Joseph Pate A few weeks ago, I played tennis with a close friend of mine, also a young, black male. Thomas and I have
Immigrants Are More Than What They Bring To The Economy To discuss Dreamers' value in relation to the labor they provide is to dehumanize them.
The '4:44' Syllabus For Black Men Is Here Based on Jay-Z's groundbreaking album, the syllabus features readings on themes like masculinity and mental health.
Charlotte Mayoral Candidate Says Vote For Her Because She's White \Other people judge me. What is the difference? I say I\u2019m white,\ the Republican told a reporter.
The Whiteness Break\u200a\u2014\u200aFocusing On Ourselves, Solidarity, Healing And Trust Something has happened. A snap. A break. A tectonic shift. We have passed a tipping point, and there is no turning back. Many
'On Fleek' Viral Star Peaches Monroee Just Launched Her Own Hair Line The teen is here to collect her coin.
Barack Obama Is Not A Magical Negro We can\u2019t and shouldn\u2019t expect former president Obama to bail us out this time.
Houston Rockets Player James Harden Pledges $1 Million To Hurricane Harvey Relief \u201cThis is home for me,\u201d the NBA star said in an announcement.
Black Voices Matter Growing up in a society that doesn\u2019t necessarily cater to you can be difficult. As a small queer Hispanic boy from Washington
When Fake News is Actually Fake News That people shared the photo thinking it was real shows how far we've fallen.
Trump Is Infected With Racism, And Testimonials From His Friends And Family Won't Excuse It The president will not be able to smooth over his ugliest impulses.
Philly Police Union President Calls Black Lives Matter Activists 'A Pack Of Rabid Animals' But he has defended an officer who appeared to be sporting a Nazi tattoo.
How We Can Organize The South To Save The Country I find inspiration in the beauty of this land and in the resistance of Southern people.
A Festival That Celebrates Black Culture Taught Me How To Belong We Afro-Brazilians, moved by a yearning for belonging, are taking the lead and creating initiatives in various areas of activity.
Lawmaker Who Wants Confederate Monuments Removed Gets Anonymous Racist Threat South Carolina State Rep. Wendell Gilliard says an email called him a \n****r\ and told him to go back to Africa.
Bun B Recruits Jamie Foxx, Other Celebs To Host Harvey Relief Telethon The telethon will air on live TV on Sept. 12.
Cleveland Police Union Pushes Back On Browns Protest, Refuses To Hold Flag At Game Before an\u00a0August preseason game, players with the NFL's Cleveland Browns kneeled for the national anthem to protest racial injustice.
Philando Castile Paid For Students' Lunches. Now A New Fund Carries On His Legacy. \u201cWhen a student couldn\u2019t pay for their lunch, a lot of times [Castile] actually paid for their lunch out of his own pocket.\
Missouri GOP Lawmaker Urges Lynching For Vandals of Confederate Statue The lawmaker later said his comment was just \an exaggerated statement.\
Solange To Host Two Benefit Concerts For Hurricane Harvey Victims The Houston native will be performing in Boston and New York City.
Boston Must Mull Renaming Iconic Building to Give Civic Dignity To Blacks BOSTON \u2014 Plans are currently being considered by the little known Boston Landmarks Commission to make cosmetic changes to
Ethnic Pride And Alcoholism Ethnic minorities in Britain have a very high rate of teetotalism compared to white people. You could say this is down to
\u2018The Daily Show's' Roy Wood Jr. Shuts Down Debate Over Confederate Symbols \Slavery is a trauma that black people to this day are still dealing with,\ the correspondent said.
Memphis Theater Right In Dumping 'Gone With The Wind' This is what was written by a noted Hollywood writer at the time of the release of \u201cGone With the Wind,\u201d \u201cThere was a land
Texas Group Aims To Rename Robert E. Lee Road To Keep Austin 'Weird, Not Racist' It much prefers to honor Led Zeppelin's Robert Plant.
Pam Grier On The Success Of Female Action Movies Grier says she's happy to see more movies like \Wonder Woman\ and \Proud Mary\ continuing her legacy.
Police Chief Resigns After TV Report Links Him To Neo-Nazi Websites The ex-Oklahoma chief claims vindictive skinheads highjacked his name.
The Photos In My Phone's Camera Roll Taught Me About White Supremacy Thoughts on remembering moments you can't have back.
Harvey Survivor Criticizes Media For Lack Of Empathy In Heartbreaking TV Interview \u201cLike people are really breaking down and y\u2019all are sitting here with cameras and microphones ...\
Jay Ellis On Why Playing Lawrence In 'Insecure' Is Significant To Him, Other Black Men \I never felt like I saw a 25-year-old, 28-year-old version of me who was messy, who was trying to figure it out.\
Memphis Theater Won't Play 'Gone With The Wind' Due To Racial Backlash Some movie-goers are not happy about the decision.
Race And Why It Matters For Writers Of Color It\u2019s a gray overcast morning in San Francisco. I sit at Gate 86 of SFO airport waiting to board UA Flight 358 to Las Vegas
Jesse Jackson \He should have the right to play and express himself at the same time.\
5 Reasons Why You Should Be The Parent That Never Stops Asking Questions Today my daughter scored \u201cHigh\u201d on the probability scale of an Autism Spectrum Disorder Diagnosis. She is 15. And she already
Welcome To America I recently had the privilege of meeting five outstanding high school students the Children\u2019s Defense Fund-Ohio\u2019s Beat the
Herman Cain Defends Ben Carson In Letter Cain posted the bizarre message on his website.
The Vitriol Displayed Toward Colin Kaepernick Is Simply Un-American The free agent quarterback's most vocal detractors hope to deny his free speech rights.
Ibtihaj Muhammad On Amplifying Black, Muslim Voices In The Trump Era The Olympic fencer is fighting for Muslim Americans to reclaim their narrative.
There's A Scripted Malcolm X Series In The Works The show will be based on a Pulitzer-Prize winning biography about the Civil Rights leader.
Hundreds Declare Their Support For Colin Kaepernick At Rally Outside NFL Headquarters Event organizers and attendees demand the league protect players making statements of advocacy.
Wife Of First White NFLer To Kneel During Anthem \u201cA man \u2014 a black man \u2014\n literally lost his job for taking a knee, week after week, on his own,\ she wrote.
Florida Executes White Man For Killing Black Victim For First Time Ever By contrast, at least 18 black men have been executed for killing white victims in the last four decades.
Colin Kaepernick And The Inevitable Rewriting Of History When Americans grow ashamed of their disdain for Kaepernick, they will reimagine his stance and their own to present themselves in a better light.
Simone Biles Shows Off Her Boyfriend In Sweet Instagram Post Zac Efron, who?
These Celebs Slayed The Red Carpet At Black Girls Rock! 2017 They did that.
Why African-American Fathers Should Add Vaccinations To Their List Of Parenting Achievements One of the biggest tragedies for African-American fathers is the lack of faith in our parenting abilities, but here\u2019s a refreshing
Charlottesville Events Repeat Ugly U.S. History; But Will Make Way For A New Day In America The United States proudly claims a long history of advising and haranguing other countries on human and civil rights. But
Robert E. Lee Was The Richard Spencer Of His Time It\u2019s time for us to finally face the truth in our country.
Progressive, White Athletes Must Learn How To Stand In Solidarity White athletes entering the conversation on race have tremendous responsibility and little time to learn, but their competency is crucial.
Petition Wants A Statue Of Missy Elliott To Replace A Confederate Monument \Together we can put white supremacy down, flip it and reverse it.\
Why I Do Not 'Counter-Protest' Social justice demonstrations must always reflect the light, peace, love, and equality we profess to seek.
Black UVA Grads Rally 100 Alumni In Charlottesville To Support Incoming Students \My first concern was ... to let students know that we\u2019re here and we care,\ one grad told HuffPost.
Charlottesville Was The Most Traumatic Event Of My Young Life, But It Won't Stop Me I\u2019ve been an activist since I was 13 years old, I\u2019ve been to numerous protests but NOTHING was ever this bad!
Tearing Down More Than Statues The fervor to remove Confederate monuments must be accompanied by a fervor to remove Confederate sentiments.
Ex-Trump Spokeswoman Tells Fox News That Slavery Is 'Good' History Katrina Pierson's comment did not go over well with Wendy Osefo.
Civil Rights Activist And Comedian Dick Gregory Dead At 84 The performer, who had marched with Martin Luther King Jr., dedicated his life to the civil rights movement.
Diet Support aka Diet Ally I woke up the other morning and saw a post on Facebook about a white football player supporting his fellow black teammate
Celebrities Remember Dick Gregory, A 'Comedic Master' And \u2018Hero For Civil Rights\u2019 Gregory died on Saturday at age 84.
Thousands Protest White Supremacy In New Orleans \We want all statues dedicated to white supremacists taken down,\ an organizer said.
Provocative \u2018Free Speech\u2019 Rally In Boston Railroaded By Counterprotesters The \free speech\ rally ended early.
White Supremacists Didn't Show Up In Boston, But These Awesome Signs Did Everyone loves a good protest sign.
Black Women Told You So We black women saw the red flags.
'Girls Trip' Becomes First Comedy Of 2017 To Hit $100 Million At The Box Office It's also the first film produced, written, directed by and starring black people to do so.
One Tweet Perfectly Captures Why America Doesn't Need Confederate Statues Writer Jamil Smith has an excellent retort for \u201cfolks worried about erasing history.\u201d
A Secessionist And A Black Nationalist Join Forces After Charlottesville \u201cCharleston has every bit of potential to become the next Charlottesville.\
Amandla Stenberg And Janelle Mon\u00e1e On Racism In Hollywood, Trump Era The ladies opened up about their emotions on election night.
How Do We Keep The Hope Alive Amid Chaos? Abiding by Reverend Jesse Jackson's famous words is becoming increasingly difficult.
Word Searches About Racism Spike After Charlottesville, Merriam-Webster Says After the violence in Virginia and Trump's reactions to it, the dictionary said that top lookups this week included \fascism\, \neo-Nazi\ and \bigot.\
The Role Of White Millennials In Charlottesville Racism will not end when the racists of the '60s die.
Hundreds Line Up, Dozens Ask To Be Arrested For Destroying Confederate Statue \All of us are here, and we are willing to take whatever responsibility, whatever consequences come along with the removal of that statue.\
Why Your 'Apology' For Defending Trump's Racism Isn't Enough Listen up.
Yara Shahidi Writes Compelling Essay On The Power Of Activism And Art Yara Shahidi believes actors can start important conversations about today's issues.
Cory Booker Is Introducing A Bill To Remove Confederate Statues From The Capitol \The Capitol is a place for all Americans to come and feel welcomed, encouraged, and inspired.\
Neo-Nazis, The KKK And Trump...OH MY! Additionally, it is extremely reckless for Donald Trump to rewrite history to serve his own agenda, and the agenda of those
The President's Mission To Garner Sympathy For White Supremacists Is Utter Nonsense Donald Trump is uniting with white supremacists in their attempts legitimize their angst. Here is why that is a fool's errand.
After Charlottesville, Trump Surpasses Andrew Johnson As The Most Racist President In U.S. History Donald Trump is the most racist president in history \u2014 and we haven\u2019t even made it through his first year.
Charlottesville Is The GOP\u2019s Frankenstein\u2019s Monster I wasn\u2019t mad at #45 Trump for his initial mealy mouthed, say no name, whitewash of the white nationalist rampage in Charlottesville
Debate Over Confederate Emblem In Mississippi Flag Heats Up In Charlottesville's Wake \There would be no better signal to the rest of the world if Mississippi ... removed this flag,\ a lawmaker said.
This Twitter Account Is Exposing The White Nationalists At Charlottesville @YesYoureRacist has contributed to at least one participant at the rally losing his job.
Issa Rae And Solange Hosted An Event To Help Struggling Black Business Owner The duo used their star power to help Los Angeles-based chef Alisa Reynolds.
James Alex Fields Jr. Can And Should Be Charged With First Degree Murder Virginia Commonwealth law is clear on what constitutes first degree murder. \u201cIt is first degree murder to kill another by
Taraji P. Henson On Charlottesville \u201cIt appears to be like hate is winning, but it will not.\
Why Charlottesville Did Not Surprise Me After taking a history tour of the South, Charlottesville was hard, but not impossible, to believe.
Reframing 'Microagressions:' The Visible Tip Of The Bigoted Iceberg Sometimes, racism, sexism, heterosexism, cissexism, ablism, and other bad -isms show up in big, obvious, dangerous ways
BLM \We must collectively interrupt their hate, their lies, and their delusions. We need to rise up.\
The Case For Holistic Education In The Wake Of Charlottesville Violence My heart breaks at the thought that the university and the city that ushered me into adulthood now have these ugly racial incidents as a distinguishing feature.
If Virginia Surprises You, You Haven't Been Paying Attention. Here's How You Can Help If it took a literal Nazi rally for you to recognize that racism exists in the United States, then we\u2019re in a lot more trouble than you think.
This Is Not A New America For African Americans This is the America that I know. This is my America. This is my home.
You\u2019re Sickened? Great. Now What? This has been happening for far too long for people to think that one comment alone is going to help anything.
This Is Exactly Who We Are The popular hashtag #ThisIsNotUs shows America's inability to grapple with our ugly past.
Donald Trump, White Supremacists And How We Move Forward If you think that hateful events like this have nothing to do with Donald Trump, then you are delusional.
Intellectual Property's Role In The Digital Renaissance The Internet age has brought new emphasis to and understanding of the ownership of ideas. As the proverbial pie is sliced
Will My Grandmothers' Stories Make It Into Rep. Maloney's Women's History Museum? Can the women's movement in America be summed up in a museum -- or even in a word? Or is the idea of 'feminism' so contested
On The 3-Year Anniversary Of Michael Brown\u2019s Death, How Far Have We Come? So much has changed since that terrible day, yet so much has remained the same.
FaceApp Accused Of Racism Thanks To New Ethnicity Filter The makers of the app say the filters have no \positive or negative connotations.\
Boy Found Dead In Day Care Van Had Been Left In Vehicle All Day The driver, who said she forgot to perform a head count, is now facing criminal charges, police said.
Watch Niecy Nash Nail The Problem With The Diversity Conversation \There are so many other women in the world besides black and white women.\
Black Women on TV Are Living Their Best Selves and We're Here For It Originally posted on Afropunk.com Up until several years ago, the daily rhythms and inner life of black women were rarely
Issa Rae's 'Insecure' Has Been Renewed For A Third Season \We got y'all,\ the announcement says.
Remembering Michael Brown His death should serve as a daily reminder of the very real work left undone.
Here's Why I'm Not Reading The Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Memo The diversity in tech conversation is always being led by women and minorities.
After 200 Days Of Trump When candidate Donald Trump made a feeble attempt at courting black voters during his bid for president last year, he raised
One Size Does Not Fit All There is still a place for the relevant black church.
The Movie 'DETROIT' Offers Important Lessons For Those Willing To Learn I saw the movie DETROIT at a private screening hosted by Reverend Al Sharpton in New York at the Tribeca Film Center last
Woman Who Is Disabled Shocked To Find No Prostheses In Her Skin Tone \u201cI would love to feel whole again. To feel more confident, to embrace this artificial part that is now part of\u00a0\u2018my\u2019\u00a0body.\u201d
'Little Miss Flint' Helps 1,000 Local Students Get New School Supplies \u201cI\u2019m a Flint kid that wants to help all the other Flint kids.\u201d
Ava DuVernay Pays Tribute To Michelle Obama's Slave Ancestor \Theirs is a story of hope.\
Affirmative Action Allegations, Trump's Newest Diversion Tactic, Are Fake News A lot of what Americans think they know about affirmative action in college admissions is inaccurate.
A Child Advocate\u2019s Beatitudes Below is a prayer for child advocates. Teachers and school administrators are always on the front lines advocating for children
Maxine Waters Isn't Running For 'Anything Except The Impeachment of Trump' All hail Queen Maxine.
African Americans Can Push Back Against Lung Cancer Tuesday was #WorldLungCancerDay, which commemorates, celebrates and supports those impacted by lung cancer. Lung cancer kills
Rep. Maxine Waters Absolutely Shreds Trump's Pitch To Black Voters He asked. She answered.
Van Jones Is Touring America To Have 'Messy' Conversations With Liberals \Look, I think Trump is worse than people fear \u2015 and I think many of the Trump voters are better than people know. The truth is messy.\
Black Women Lead #NoConfederate Online Protest Calling Out Controversial HBO Show \u2033The commodification of black pain for the enjoyment of others must stop,\u201d activist April Reign said.
Trump, Policing, And Ethnic Slurs The President of the United States should not be encouraging cops to break the law.
Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s Lemonade Made Me Sour But Jay- Z\u2019s 4:44 Set Me Free When Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s Lemonade come out, there was hype like you won\u2019t believe. Hype that shook the internet and world in a sense
Black Women Are Rising \u2013 When Will Our Pay? Black Women\u2019s Equal Pay Day in recent years has become bigger, more inclusive, and more closely aligned to the experiences of Black women than ever before.
Serena Williams \Black women
NAACP Warns Minorities, Women Heading To Missouri The organization wants people to know their civil rights may be violated in the Show Me State.
Arkansas Cop Kills 16-Year-Old Aries Clark Outside Youth Center \I never expected not to see my son again.\
Why The Detroit 'Uprising' 50 Years Ago Is Worth Remembering It was state of emergency that  shocked nation.
5 Netflix Releases Featuring Black Stars To Watch This August Time to binge!
Tiffany Haddish Wants To Work With Bill Cosby Welp.
Black And Brown Families United In The Era Of Political Dysfunction The state of this country is creating fissures in the foundation of families of color nationwide. This country is trying to tear us apart.
Solidarity With Justine Damond Shouldn't Belittle The Fight For Black Lives Ending police brutality for whites means encouraging officers not to be so \u201ctrigger-happy.\u201d Ending police brutality for blacks takes an added level of consideration.
Brooklyn Residents Protest Bar That Used Black Stereotypes To Sell Booze People are outraged over a bar that used fake bullet holes to capitalize off of gun violence in Crown Heights.
NAACP For decades, the NAACP has been a vital champion for educational equity. That\u2019s why their call to freeze a powerful innovation
Not Talking About Race Is Not Helping Any Of Us How far will I get with this race talk if I almost exclusively have it with black folks?
The Radical Importance Of Issa Rae's 'Insecure' When's the last time we got to see a black, 20-something year old woman on TV get to be so complicated?
Newsflash, There's Nothing Funny About Mental Illness Words cannot describe the emotions I felt while watching the young man in the video exploit Maia Campbell and make light of the situation.
My Black History Isn't Your Social Commentary Every white liberal\u2019s wet dream is to be able to successfully play the devil\u2019s advocate to slavery. As a student of a very
Will And Jada Pinkett Smith Finally Learned What Groupon Is On New Orleans Swamp Tour Tiffany Haddish dishes the dirt on the tour and her rental car adventure with the Smiths on \Jimmy Kimmel Live.\
Former 'Doctor Who' Star Colin Baker Hints The 14th Doctor Will Be Black \All I can say is, watch the next regeneration.\
Taraji P. Henson Just Gave Us Another Reason To Love Her In 'Proud Mary' Trailer Taraji is bringing the \ud83d\udd25
#BlackGirlSquad Celebrates The Empowering Beauty Of Black Sisterhood Grab your BFFs and celebrate the love! \u2764\ufe0f
I Live Here Too Aren't I enough?
Mayoral Candidate Tells Rival\u2019s Supporters To \u2018Go Back To Africa\u2019 \Your reparations came in the form of a man named Barack Obama,\ said the Florida candidate.
The Significance Of O.J. Simpson In 2017 Our national appetite for absurdity has transformed since his disappearance behind bars nearly a decade ago.
Two Brooklyn Streets Named for Pro-Slavery Confederate Generals Inside the borough's latest move to honor two key figures who fought to uphold the institution of slavery.
Arian Foster, NFL Players Invest $810,000 In 12-Year-Old's Lemonade Company Mikaila Ulmer just keeps winning.
White Is NOT The New Black During a lecture years ago, a keynote described how \u201dpeople\u201d have appropriated the language of oppression to describe their
Loving The Black Of Me \u201cEventually it comes to you
Michael Vick Had The Nerve To Say Colin Kaepernick Should Cut His Hair Vick is heralding the same oppressive ideology that has held him back time and time again.
Grand Jury Indicts Texas Cop Who Killed Unarmed Black Teenager Jordan Edwards Officer Roy Oliver shot into a car full of teenagers as they drove away from a party.
School Vouchers Still Don\u2019t Work, Despite What Trump And DeVos Think There\u2019s just too much history that shows that vouchers aren\u2019t the answer.
JAY-Z's '4:44' Makes Room For Black Men To Be Vulnerable The mogul is using his platform and latest album to examine black male mortality and its impact on those around us.
Can We Stop Calling Grown White Men 'Kids'? Trump Jr. is an adult.
An Open Letter To The United States Senate I learned my first lessons about injustice and health as a little Black girl growing up in segregated Bennettsville, South
Florida's First Black State Attorney 'Violated No Laws' When Cops Pulled Her Over Yet another instance of #DrivingWhileBlack.
From Charleena Lyles To Sophia King, Black Women Are Uniquely Endangered By Police A raft of highly-publicized killings reveal the unique threat Black women face from law enforcement, even when they make the call for help.
Dr. Dre Opens Up About His Assault On Music Journalist Dee Barnes \I was out of my f**king mind.\
A Klansman With Locs Showed Up To A KKK Rally Because Hate Doesn't Make Sense Bruh.
What Nelsan Ellis Gave Through 'True Blood,' And What We Didn't Give Him Lafeyette was one of the few nuanced portrayals of a queer black man on TV.
Seattle Police Failed To See Charleena Lyles As A Human Being Charleena Lyles is being buried on Monday. Her murder still angers and haunts me.
Nelsan Ellis As Lafayette Challenged Norms Of Black Maleness Ellis' character challenged the viewer to explore their notions of masculinity and sexuality.
De\u2019von Hall\u2019s Tragic Story Is The Story For Far Too Many Other Blacks Former standout Utah State college football star, and for a short time NFL hopeful, De\u2019Von Hall stands accused of the murder
How Trump Became A \Thug Life\ Idol Rappers held Trump up as a model of masculinity.
Say Her Name, Charleena Lyles; The Story You Haven\u2019t Heard It has become far too normal to turn on the news and see another black life taken by the hands of the police in the United
Officer Injured In Baton Rouge Shooting Sues Black Lives Matter Leaders DeRay McKesson and four other Black Lives Matter leaders were named as defendants.
Activists Demand NRA Pull Recruitment Ad In Their Own Powerful Video The Black Lives Matter LA chapter recast the NRA's \dangerous propaganda videos.\
Ole Miss To Post Signs Recognizing Campus Buildings Built By Slave Labor The plan is part of an ongoing effort to acknowledge the university's troubled past.
Philando Castile's High School Classmates Award First Scholarship In His Honor Thursday marked the one year anniversary of Castile's death.
Federal Employee Leaves Noose On Black Co-Worker's Desk It's only the latest in a frightening nationwide trend.
3 Financial Literacy Lessons From Jay-Z's 4:44 Album Last week Jay-Z dropped his new album called \u20184:44\u2019. And at first, the busy mom/entrepreneur in me shrugged it off and said
Blue Ivy's '4:44' Freestyle Has The Internet In Shambles The princess of hip-hop is here!
Is JAY-Z The New Suze Orman? Jigga's catalog is an extended financial literacy course, and he is just now receiving the credit he deserves.
New Jersey Leads The Nation In Reducing Its Prison Population While Also Having The Worst Racial Disparities In The Country Last month, The Sentencing Project released a fact sheet on U.S. prison population trends between 1999 and 2015. New Jersey
Protesters Clash With Police During March To Remember Alton Sterling At least seven people were arrested, and police used tear gas and stun guns on the crowd.
Dear Women Of Color Who Are Told To Be Nicer To White 'Allies' This is a love letter to every Black and Brown woman who has expressed anger or even rage, and has been told by another Black
More Than One Nightmare In NYPD Slaying The slaying of veteran NYPD officer and mother of three Miosotis Familia\u00a0is a nightmare for reasons that go beyond her hideous
John Blackwell Jr., Prince's Former Drummer, Dead At 43 Blackwell had been battling cancer for the past year.
Fellow Resistors Allow me to express, for a moment, a rarely seen glimpse of patriotic optimism during these times where our country is either
Colin Kaepernick Should Force America To Question Its Patriotism Like the many before, this July 4th, we will bask in our bastion of Americana
Colin Kaepernick Celebrates His Quest For True 'Independence' On Trip To Ghana The outspoken football player explored the contradictions of the Fourth of July for black Americans.
Independence Day Is A Celebration Of American Hypocrisy We don\u2019t need to be re-educated; we simply need to be properly informed.
8 Netflix Shows Featuring Black Stars To Watch This July Enjoy!
Watch The First Official Sneak Peek Of Spike Lee's 'She's Gotta Have It' Series Ten episodes are coming to Netflix this Thanksgiving.
Ava DuVernay On How \u2018Queen Sugar\u2019 Cast Helped Her Through A Personally Tough Time Being woke is about \being there for each other in a time of need,\ she said.
Maxine Waters Says Ben Carson 'Knows Nothing About The Mission Of HUD' The California representative denounced Trump's \unqualified, uncaring, inexperienced\ Cabinet members.
Tina Knowles-Lawson \I surrounded them with African art and images of beautiful women that they can relate to,\u201d she said.
'Jeopardy!' Had A 'Stay Woke' Category But It Wasn't What You Think The category's actual subject was deemed \disappointing\ and a \major miss\ by some viewers.
Halle Berry The actress has long admired the notable black activist.
Missing Texas Teen Found Dead After Desperate Four Day Search Shavon Randle, 13, and an unidentified male were found dead inside a Dallas home late Saturday, the FBI said.
Privilege Is Inhumane, And Appropriation Is One Of Its Strongest Weapons Downplaying the violence in cultural appropriation is dismissive and ignorant to the ways cultures express and sustain themselves.
New Report Reveals Shocking Details In Baton Rouge Officer Shootings Gavin Long set out to inflict \destruction ... upon bad cops as well as good cops,\ according to a note found in his car.
'Dear White People' Is Heading Back To Netflix For Season 2 Much of the acclaimed show's cast is returning.
Meet 3 20-Somethings Making It Easier For Black Millennials To Talk About Depression They've taken their masks off and are inspiring others to do the same.
Beyonc\u00e9 Teams Up With UNICEF To Bring Safe Water To Kids In Burundi \u201cAccess to water is a fundamental right,\u201c the singer said.
Chance The Rapper Donated That Historic Grammy He Won To A Black History Museum Just Chance the Philanthropist doing what he does.
Prosecutors Drop Perjury Charge Against Ex-Texas Trooper In Sandra Bland's Case Family lawyer Cannon Lambert said on Wednesday he was disappointed that prosecutors decided not to see the case through.
This Platform Resists Gentrification By Giving Voice To Native Brooklynites \I think it\u2019s possible to [improve] in a way that doesn\u2019t erase a population and make it completely unaffordable,\u201d said the founder of Brooklyn Deep.
Nobody Was Drinking At The Party Where Police Killed Jordan Edwards A new report reveals that officers didn't find any contraband before one of them fatally shot the 15-year-old.
This Millennial Is Quietly Promoting Detroit's Resurgence Behind The Scenes Amber Lewis is making waves in her hometown.
What\u2019s Really Behind Trump\u2019s Clinical Fixation With Obama Trump will stop at nothing to try and destroy Obama\u2019s programs, legacy and ultimately place in history. This is a fixation for which there is no cure.
3 Chicago Cops Charged In Cover-Up Of Laquan McDonald's Shooting David March, Joseph Walsh and Thomas Gaffney allegedly attempted to conceal information after the shooting.
What, To The American Slave, Is Your Fourth Of July? On July 5th, 1892, Frederick Douglass took the stage at a meeting of the Rochester Ladies\u2019 Anti-Slavery Association. He had
From 1967 Detroit To 2017, What Will It Take To Hold Police Officers Accountable? Justice continues to be elusive for the families of black men killed by police.
Spike Lee's 'She's Gotta Have It' Is Being Adapted Into Show For Netflix Netflix announced on Sunday that the show will debut this Thanksgiving.
14 Unforgettable Moments From The 2017 BET Awards This year's show definitely had its lit moments.
Philando Castile's Family Reaches $3 Million Settlement The black motorist was shot and killed during a routine traffic stop last year.
More Reasons Than Race In Why Cops Walk Free Prosecutors know the odds are stacked against them in convicting cops who kill.
Texas Gives The Green Light To Racial Profiling Today, a judge in San Antonio will be hearing opening arguments on a lawsuit against Senate Bill 4, a law passed in Texas
The Hottest Looks From The 2017 BET Awards Red Carpet The slayage was real!
Doing My Daughter's Hair Makes Me Feel Like A Better Dad I want to know how to care for her, completely.
Living While Black (LWB) We share a strength of mind and spirit that defies centuries of efforts to break us. So, I know
Off-Duty Officer 'Treated As Ordinary Black Guy,' Shot By Another Cop The 11-year department veteran's lawyer says he considers the incident more severe than an accident.
Judge Declares Second Mistrial For Former Ohio Cop Who Fatally Shot Sam DuBose It's the third police shooting trial in a week that didn't end with a conviction.
Craig David On His Unstoppable Rise As One Of Britain\u2019s Biggest Black Music Stars With a career that spans nearly two decades, David is a force to reckon with.
Teen Football Recruit Makes Bold Statement About Black Lives At Training Camp \I hope to send the message that it's OK for young people to stand up and speak on what they believe in.\
When Joy Is An Act of Resistance Three weeks ago today, on Friday June 9, hundreds of family members, friends, and well wishers packed into the New Revelation
My New Normal Post Philando Castile The death of Philando Castile and the resulting verdict was a horrific warning.
The Complicated Role Race Plays In The 'Bachelor In Paradise' Scandal African and Afro-American Studies Professor Carina Ray on the historical context.
I Am An Ally (And What That Means) it is important for those supporting a movement not to usurp control from those powering it.
Stop Killing Us Because some of my work is on police transformation, trust building, and accountability, every time I turn around, somebody
'Queen Sugar,' Art Imitating Life, And What It Means To Be Black In America Picture this. Last Friday morning I was driving down the interstate in Atlanta with my sunroof back, my windows cracked, and
Racism Changed My Identity I promise you, I\u2019m a fun guy to chill with it, but lately I\u2019ve some serious thoughts about my identity in relation to racism
Black Leaders Should Not Walk Out On Trump This week the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) declined Donald Trump\u2019s invitation to meet and that was a mistake. I can\u2019t
The Silence Is Deafening\u2026Speak Up. No parent should have to deal with the senseless death of a child \u2013 but for many parents this is a reality that they must
5 Disturbing Statements By The Cop Who Shot Philando Castile The officer described events that happened in a \split second.\
Bill Cosby's Face On Famous D.C. Mural Replaced With 15 Black Stars Ben\u2019s Chilli Bowl unveiled the new art on Wednesday.
The Impact Of the Fair Representation Act This post was written with FairVote Legal Director Drew Penrose, and Legal Fellow Dave O\u2019Brien. The United States continues
American Exceptionalism Note
Kickstarter Aims To Give Book On Black Boy Joy To Public Schools \Many remarkable black men were once joyful little black boys.\
Rachel Lindsay Responds Perfectly To \u2018Bachelor\u2019 Contestant\u2019s Racist Tweet #IHaveTimeToday
Our Celebration Of \Grit\ Will Imperil Future Generations Rescuing children from American \gladiator culture\  will teach them of the inherent biases and inequalities in our society.
Michael B. Jordan Vows To Fight For Change \I don\u2019t have the answers but I know I\u2019m going to be a part of the change,\ the actor said.
Her Name Was Charleena Lyles We\u2019ve read this script a thousand times before.\u00a0 \u201cShe was mentally ill\u201d \u201cThere was trouble in the past\u201d \u201cWe feared for our
Juneteenth Should Remind Us Of The Importance Of Implementation The story and the anniversary of Juneteenth should remind us of the importance of the implementation process. It took two
Spread The News But are we truly free?
9/11 Memorial Architect To Design Charleston Church Shooting Monument \I ... pray that I will find the means to convey the beauty that I\u2019ve seen here in Charleston.\u201d
Never Too Late To Be A Father As a child of divorce (and all the drama that ensued) I feel closer to my dad now than I ever did as a child.
Another Noose Found Near D.C. Museums, Police Say The noose was discovered hanging from a lamp post outside the National Gallery of Art.
Thousands March In Saint Paul After Philando Castile Verdict Protestors marched through the city after Officer Jeronimo Yanez was found not guilty of manslaughter.
When Police Kill, Why Don\u2019t We Consider Them \u2018Politically Motivated\u2019? Police departments serve at the behest of a public with biases and prejudices. Why are they not considered political entities?
Why We March Tomorrow morning, a diverse coalition of North Texans will gather in downtown Dallas at the historic St. Paul United Methodist
Don\u2019t Dance With Me During Pride Month If You Won\u2019t Stand For Philando Castile Don\u2019t ask me to leave my race at the door before I step into the Pride festivities.
'Wheel Of Fortune' Backdrop For 'Southern Charm Week' Appears To Feature Slaves Heads are spinning over this one.
Being Black Is A Pre-Existing Condition Trump and the GOP's misguided health care efforts will be racist in their consequences.
Unraveling The African American Health Disparity When it comes to health, your race and gender can be a factor in how long you live. This is especially true for the 21.5
Black Men And Prostate Cancer A special appeal to black men during Men\u2019s Health Awareness Month.
Twitter Lost Its Mind Over LeBron James' Shaved Head Bald LeBron is here, y'all.
A Major Christian Denomination Almost Passed Up An Opportunity To Condemn White Supremacy The Southern Baptist Convention passed a revised resolution to condemn \alt-right\ ideology after outrage over their initial failure to do so.
Racial Violence On The Anniversary Of The Charleston Massacre On June 17, 2015, a white supremacist walked into a predominantly black church in Charleston, South Carolina. That evening
Why Whites Should Watch White people have a choice about whether or not to tune into police killings of Black and brown people. Many Black Americans feel no such choice.
Kerry Washington \u201cI\u2019m not a politically active actor. I\u2019m a politically active American,\u201d she said on \The View.\
Ice Cube Gets Hollywood Star, Thanks All 'Who Helped Me Get Here' The rapper-turned-actor received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame during a ceremony on Monday.
This Woman Makes Amazing Sculptures With Her Hair As A Mode Of Self-Expression \It\u2019s really important to allow yourself to express what\u2019s inside you.\u201d
Raising And Loving Up On Black Men The story of a proud mom with two BMWs.
Cop Who Killed Philando Castile Said He Feared For His Life, 'Had No Other Choice' Jeronimo Yanez shot Castile as he sat in the car with his girlfriend and her daughter.
Why I'm Back I never went to an NBA game until... well, until I was already in the NBA.
\u2018Shape Shifter\u2019 Could three be a charm for Condola Rashad at this year\u2019s Tony Awards? One can only hope. But the three-time nominee is not
Bill Maher Is A Dangerous White Man The \Real Time\ host is equipped with a tremendous amount of social capital that can imperil racial progress without deep consideration of his actions.
Losing Chicago's Future To Violence Another innocent, brilliant Chicago resident is gone. Xavier Joy would\u2019ve turned 24 on Monday. Now, his family must handle
Bill Maher Has Superficial Debate About 'N***a' After Controversy Ice Cube had to school the HBO host, who still doesn't seem to get it.
10 Signs Of Institutionalized Racism And The Rhetoric Of 'Greatness' A student asked me how organizations should go about recognizing institutional racism. What does it looks like? Great question
Cedric The Entertainer Returns To The Apollo Theater To Honor His Hollywood Mentor Legendary director and producer Stan Lathan will receive the Trailblazer Award at this year's annual Apollo Spring Gala.
Dave Chappelle Donates $50,000 From Michigan Show To Flint Foundation \I\u2019m not taking a dime.\u201d
Never Forget That James Comey Is The Feds Let\u2019s not forget that Comey is partially responsible for getting us in this mess to begin with.
LeBron\u2019s Legacy Is Marred By America\u2019s Ugly Racism Issue James\u2019 LA home was recently the target of a hate crime.
Janelle Monae \In these moments of turmoil ... we must choose freedom over fear.\u201d
Neyo Warns Women Not To Go To Tyrese (Or Any Man) For Relationship Advice \Do what you want.'
Philando Castile's Girlfriend Says Fear Led Her To Stream Police Shooting \u201cI know that people are not protected against the police,\u201d Diamond Reynolds said.
Slick Rick Praises The First-Ever Global Hip-Hop Day \Hip-hop is due recognition,\ he told HuffPost.
10 People Who Deserve A Political Talk Show (Who Aren't Bill Maher) And they're actually funny.
The So-Called 'Uptick In Hate' Is Fundamentally American Incidents fueled by prejudice and hate, from the Portland attack to LeBron James vandalism, don\u2019t exist in a vacuum.
Cosby Is Not O.J. The O.J. case sparked furious debate about these issues. The Cosby trial will do none of those things.
Dear Critical White Scholar And Colleague: Dear Critical White Colleague
Black Girl Happiness Is Revolutionary Black women are taught to be strong and resilient. We aren't allowed to simply be happy.
Normalization Of The N-Word; Nobody Gets A Pass Despite my tremendous respect and personal friendship with Bill Maher, I must now hold him accountable as well.
Bill Maher Jokes He's A 'House N****r' On 'Real Time' And his audience applauds.
People Want Bill Maher Fired After He Uses A Racial Slur As A Joke Will his apology be enough?
Google Honors War Hero, Civil Rights Icon Josephine Baker On Her 111th Birthday The singer, dancer, and activist is remembered across the internet.
Don't Be Shocked, Bill Maher Has A History Of Bigoted Comments Maher has a laundry list of disgusting comments.
Portland Stabbing Survivor Micah Fletcher called out the city's \white savior complex\ and said the young women deserve support, too.
Tia Mowry Says A 'Sister, Sister' Reboot Is In The Works Yas, yas and more yas.
How I Learned To Be A Proud Black Girl In A Very White Profession Being the token black girl can be a draining occupation.
Family Of Dontre Hamilton, Teen Killed By Police, Receives $2.5 Million Settlement Hamilton was unarmed when he was shot dead by police in Milwaukee in 2014.
Our Mothers And The Dreams That Never Were When I look at my grandmother\u2019s picture, I realize that we still have much work to do.
NYPD Sergeant Charged With Murder In Shooting Of Elderly Woman With Mental Illness Sgt. Hugh Barry shot Deborah Danner in her apartment in October.
Noose Found In African-American History Museum Exhibit In D.C. \We will not be intimidated.\
John Legend Responds To WGN America's 'Underground' Cancellation \Content wins. We're not reliant on a particular network to make great content.\
6 Netflix Releases With Black Stars To Watch This June Clear your schedule.
Melissa Harris-Perry's Misguided Assault On Legacy Civil Rights Organizations While the Black Lives Matter movement should be applauded and supported, there is no need to denigrate and erase legacy groups.
Trial Opens For Minnesota Officer Charged With Fatally Shooting Philando Castile The incident sparked widespread outrage after Castile's girlfriend broadcast the aftermath on social media.
Afro-Feminist Festival Organizers Call Out Paris Mayor For Accusing Them Of Racism The group claimed Anne Hidalgo \lied\ about their conversations, too.
Richard Sherman Follows Through On Promise To Fund Student's College Tuition The NFL star presented a student with surprise scholarship during recent charity event.
Timid Reporting On Racism Skews Our Political And Economic Debates The truth behind \u201ceconomic populism\u201d and \u201cidentity politics.\
'Everything, Everything' Answers Calls For More Movies About Women of Color Just Being Women Even in 2017, the market for films with women of color as leads is pretty tricky. Though the past six months have seen a
New Orleans Principal Fired After Video Captures Him Wearing Nazi-Associated Rings He was already being investigated after photos emerged of him standing next to a Confederate flag.
How Moonlight Muted Me I saw Moonlight for the first time at the beginning of its initial run in theaters, last fall. I walked into a screening
Congrats Montana. What's Next - Slapping Babies? Well there it is, America. Greg Gianforte has won the Congressional seat in Montana once held by Interior Secretary Ryan
Single Dad Hosts Class For Men To Learn To Do Their Daughters' Hair The dad is sharing his knowledge with fellow fathers.
63-Year-Old Father Receives College Degree With His Son And they simultaneously became the first in their family to receive college degrees.
Kalief Browder Now Has A Street Named After Him In The Bronx He would have turned 24 this May.
Rihanna Gives Powerful Message To Youth The singer accepted an award for her fashion and humanitarian work from Parsons School of Design.
This West Virginia Town Just Welcomed Its First Black Female Cop \u201cAs a minority, you can\u2019t help change the system if you don\u2019t get involved in the system,\ Charlene Diggs said.
Teen Who Didn't Think He'd Graduate Gets An Emotional Surprise Delivery Get ready to grab your Kleenex.
Outstanding High School Junior Already Offered 33 Full-Ride Scholarships Talk about a hot commodity.
David Oyelowo Demands The Horrors Of Human Trafficking In Africa 'Must Change' He tells HuffPost he's on a mission to eradicate human trafficking on the continent and around the world.
Dear Michelle, Thank You For Showing Me That I Am Limitless You are the quintessence of what a Black girl is capable of doing when she defines and claims her dreams.
Voter Suppression Is The Problem, Not Voter Fraud At best, the efforts to stop so-called voter fraud are misguided and unnecessary. At worst, they are textbook \u201cdog-whistles.\u201d
The High Cost Of White Evangelical Silence On Hate Crimes Silence is an inexcusable and troubling response to the escalating attacks on Black lives.
Familial Tensions Are Thick In The 'Queen Sugar' Season 2 Trailer You may want to sit down.
6-Year-Old Makes Heartbreaking Plea To St. Louis \I\u2019m scared to die and I don\u2019t want nothing to happen to my family.\
6 Expert Tips For Recent College Grads On The Job Hunt Following these guidelines will help you land a great gig after graduation
Police Officers In Freddie Gray Case Reportedly Face Disciplinary Action The Baltimore Sun reports that three of the officers may be fired.
Black-Owned Business To Help Replace 18,000 Contaminated Pipes In Flint WT Stevens Construction will replace thousands of the city's pipes by 2019.
Black Realness In The Mainstream, But Is Everybody Watching? My recent binge-watch of Dear White People on Netflix sure did bring up old memories. Things I hadn't thought about in years
In Tearing Down Monuments, Revisionism Is \u200aNot An Erasing Of History History is a living document, and we should constantly aim to retell it in an effort to make the story clearer.
Mississippi Teens Face Murder Charge For 6-Year-Old Boy Shot In Stolen Car Kingston Frazier was sleeping in his mother's car when the attackers drove it away.
Celebrating Langston Hughes \u2014 Black, Red And Gay The literary titan boasts an incomparable catalog of unflinching, potent, timeless work.
New Trailer Gives First Look At CW's New Comic Drama 'Black Lightning' It's lit.
'Empire' Star Bryshere Gray Transforms Into Taylor Swift On 'Lip Sync Battle' Now, this is a must-see. \ud83d\udc40
Shondaland's New Show 'For The People' Looks A Lot Like 'HTGAWM' Who's mad though?
Pharrell To College Graduates \u201cImagine the possibilities when women are not held back.\
Why Disturbing Leaked Video Of Texas Cops May Be Relevant To Jordan Edwards' Killing A Balch Springs police training officer \passed on a culture of brutality by example,\ a civil rights lawyer said.
Why Doesn't A Jury Of My Peers Care About My Fear For My Life? A jury has decided Officer Betty Shelby was justified in shooting Terence Crutcher.
Jordan Peele Interviewed Chance The Rapper On Art And Resistance \I think we just happen to be the generation that makes the change.\
Kobe Bryant Gives Jordan Edwards' Brother A Special Birthday Surprise Kevon Edwards was in the car when Jordan was killed by police on April 29.
African American Family's Home Burned In Suspected Hate Crime \u201cThis does not represent our community,\u201d the police chief declared. \u201cThe community is outraged.\
Missing NAACP Leader Who Vanished After Posting Cryptic Facebook Video Found Unharmed (UPDATE) \I have been crucified,\ Liz Smith said in a video posted the morning after Mother's Day.
10-Year-Old Racially Bullied In School Taylor Armbrester said white students have punched him, kicked him and called him names.
College Grad Remixes Kendrick Lamar Song In Salute To Her Higher Ed Hustle \u201cGPA over 3.5. That\u2019s right, I came to slay.\u201d
New Ghanaian Reality Show Seeks To Empower African Models \u201cBelinda Baidoo Model Search Africa\ recently wrapped up its first season.
Bill Cosby's Fall From Grace A look at the chronology of the star's descent.
Tearing Down The Structures \u2013 And The Systems \u2013 That Keep Racism Alive New Orleans may tear down its Confederate monuments, but its oppressive institutions remain.
MLB Player Adam Jones Donates $20,000 To The Negro Leagues Baseball Museum Jones' contribution will provide free admission to local children in the Kansas City area.
Sen. Kamala Harris Tells HBCU Grads To 'Speak Truth And Serve' In The Fight Ahead The California senator gave Howard University's commencement speech on Saturday.
The Department Of Justice Opens Investigation Into Jordan Edward's Death Dallas County prosecutors have charged former Balch Springs police officer Roy Oliver, 37, with murder.
Video Shows North Carolina Teacher Comparing Student To A Slave \Did I call you a n****r?\ the teacher is heard saying.
Kevin Hart And Eniko Parrish Are Expecting, And It's A Boy! \Miracle in the making.\
Family Says They Were Booted Off A JetBlue Flight Because Of A Cake Video shows the family calmly complying with an officer. The airline claims it doesn't show the whole story.
For Single Mamas Tomika Anderson is far from the caricature of the single mother the media still likes to trot out \u2013 the \u201cwelfare queen\u201d former
Mourning Mothers, White Flowers And Steep Steps To Justice She wept until her weeping turned to moaning.
8 Things My Grandmother Taught Me Before She Died These vital lessons resonated with me and they can help guide you, as well.
In The Tradition Of Our Ancestors, This Mother\u2019s Day We\u2019re Bailing Out Our Mamas We are organizing ourselves to liberate our mothers, sisters, daughters and loved ones living in modern bondage.
Estelle Teams Up With Planned Parenthood For Powerful Song 'Woman's World' The UK singer spoke with HuffPost about why black women should support PP.
Historically Black University Cancels Sen. John Cornyn\u2019s Speech After Outcry Texas Southern University made the decision after Betsy DeVos was booed at a graduation speech this week.
What's Next For The Obamas? Michelle Promises They're 'Not Gone' \u201cYou\u2019ve got me as a partner as long as I can be of use. So the question for you is, where do you want me?\u201d
TLC's Chilli Responds To Backlash, Clarifies 'All Lives Matter' Comment \My response was inclusive of everyone.\
Gabourey Sidibe Says She Was Racially Profiled At A Chanel Store Welcome to shopping while black.
Missy Elliott Covers Elle, Shares Her Fearless Approach To Being A 'Provocative Woman' The rapper revealed the meaning behind her iconic plastic bag suit in \The Rain\ video.
Bow Wow Refuses To Take The L For That Fake Photo \u201cI love it because people don\u2019t understand the scientific method to my madness,\ he said.
This Is Still Our F***in' City Do you remember that day in 2013, following the Boston Marathon attack, when David Ortiz declared on live television, that
50,000 Petitioners Say Betsy DeVos Has No Place At HBCU Commencement People plan to continue protesting while DeVos speaks at Bethune-Cookman University's graduation ceremonies.
Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College The secretary of education has been criticized for \whitewashing\ the history of historically black universities.
Activists Are Bailing Out Incarcerated Black Moms For Mother\u2019s Day \Our mothers are not disposable. Our mothers deserve restorative justice, healing and reconciliation.\u201d
Twitter Erupts With 'Bow Wow Challenge' After Catching Rapper In  Lie Don't lie to Twitter. They will come for you.
'Dear White People' Star Logan Browning credits the trend with the show's recent popularity.
John Legend On 10-Year Plan To Close Rikers John Legend is in on this fight to close Rikers Island, too. But he's not trying to wait a decade.
Jordan Edward's Father Sues Police Officer For Killing His Son Roy Oliver, who is white, was charged on Friday with murder for the death of Edwards.
Burying The Bodies After Politically Charged Killings For decades, the Hughes Family Tribute Center has celebrated the lives of victims of violent crime.
Jordan Peele's 'Get Out' Makes History Again Peele's directorial debut has grossed $200 million internationally.
Teen Accused Of Killing Allegedly Abusive Dad Offered Plea Deal Bresha Meadows, 15, has already served nine months in jail.
Mississippi County Cops Engage In 'Systematic Targeting Of Black Residents,' Lawsuit Alleges The ACLU claims the Madison County Sheriff's Department has institutionalized \unconstitutional racially discriminatory policing\ntactics.\
Another Cop Trial, But Will There Be A Conviction This Time? Cops rarely serve any pre-trial jail time, and are released on ridiculously low bail.
Bresha Meadows Will Remain In Custody Before Her Trial The teen, who is accused of killing her allegedly abusive father, is diagnosed with PTSD, depression and anxiety.
The Public School System Is Rigged Against Poor And Black Children After working nearly 30 years as an urban school educator, I am convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that the rules of the
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu says threats from white supremacists won't stop the city from removing monuments celebrating hate.
Jordan Edwards Laid To Rest As Family Asks Community For Calm \u201cWe are not ready to make a martyr of our son,\u201d they said in a statement.
Banning One Racist Fan Doesn't Fix Red Sox Racism There are two widely accepted definitions for racism in America. They are as follows
18 Years Ago, Caregiving Forced My Brother To Drop Out Of College. But Today, He Finally Graduates. This Saturday my older brother will graduate magna cum laude from Volunteer State Community College with his Associate\u2019s
Fired Texas Officer Who Killed Jordan Edwards Is Charged With Murder The former Balch Springs officer fired into a car full of teenagers.
Get Away, Jordan Delivered May 4, 2017 in Balch Springs, Texas at the vigil for Jordan Edwards. The name Jordan has rung forth with prophetic
Michelle Obama Vows To Prioritize Education 'No Matter What House We Live In' The former first lady hosted her first College Signing Day event since leaving the White House.
This Subscription Box Sends You Products Only From Women Of Color Its Mother's Day box might be a blessing to all the forgetful folk out there.
Dear Black People... Stop worrying and start loving on your people.
Black Cambridge Students Call Out School's Racial Diversity In Compelling Photo But unlike #BlackMenOfYaleUniversity, these men are posing to draw attention to a problem at their school.
Lawyer Seeks Release Of Teen Accused Of Killing Her Allegedly Abusive Dad Today was Bresha Meadows' 279th day behind bars.
Baton Rouge Residents Demand DOJ \u2018Wake Up' To What Justice Should Look Like \u201cOur officials should be ashamed of themselves. This is outrageous,\ one resident said.
Alton Sterling's Family Sends Message To America \He\u2019s no longer here, but his voice still will be heard through us.\
Samira Wiley Reenacts MLK Speech, Defends Art As A Form Of Resistance \In all times of distress, art is the thing that moves us,\ she said.
Teen To Get College Degree And High School Diploma At The Same Damn Time Well, 17 days apart, to be exact.
Officer Who Fatally Shot 15-Year-Old Jordan Edwards Fired The black teenager was killed in Balch Springs, Texas, as he left a party with friends.
America's Disregard For The Jordan Edwards Story Is Predictable The cycle of state-sanctioned violence against Black bodies is easy to time.
Malcolm-Jamal Warner Uses Poetry In New Video Calling For Unity In America \It\u2019s vital that spoken word poetry does its job helping to keep folks \u2018woke.\u2019\
DOJ Won't Charge Louisiana Police Officers In Alton Sterling Shooting The officers could still face state charges.
Betsy DeVos To Deliver Commencement Speech At Historically Black University Alumni have created a petition urging Bethune-Cookman to rescind the invitation.
Colin Kaepernick Gave Away His Custom Designer Suits To Parolees \ud83d\ude4c
Teen Accused Of Killing Allegedly Abusive Father Fights For Freedom Before Trial The young girl's plight sparked the national #FreeBresha movement.
Confessions Of A Black Christian Activist I must confess that when I sit in circles of White and Asian people studying the Bible, I carry fear, suspicion and judgment
This Graduate Creatively Pays Tribute To The Hip-Hop Legends Who Inspire Him He took graduation pics that recreate some of the most iconic hip-hop album covers.
Florida Senate Seeks Pardon For Wrongly Accused 'Groveland Four' Florida\u2019s Senate apologized to the families of four black men wrongly accused of raping a white teenager nearly 70 years ago.
Ne-Yo Helps To Raise $2.3 Million For California Engineering School The singer is investing in the school and helping to diversify the industry.
'LA 92' Looks Back At The Rodney King Protests 25 Years Later The film brings a fresh perspective to a pivotal moment that reverberates to this day.
Donald Trump Is Confused About Why The Civil War Was Fought. Well Here's Why. During a recent interview with Salena Zito, a host on SiriusXM\u2019s P.O.T.U.S. channel, President Trump lost all sense of history
Google Helped Me Find The Father I Never Thought I'd Meet My dad was a complete stranger to me.
Don\u2019t Blame Bahamians For Your Shitty FyreFest With people purchasing tickets at 12k this event was literally made to exclude the locals.
A Principal's Order To Keep White Students Together Is Even Worse Than It Sounds The district has a long history of alleged discrimination against black students.
If You Haven't Seen Alvin Ailey, You Haven't Seen Dance The Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater is the most exciting dance company in the world. If you\u2019ve never seen them perform
Criminal Charges For Georgia Police Officers In Beating Video \u201cI don\u2019t think I\u2019ve ever seen a situation where both officers appeared to act without justification,\ D.A. says.
Maxine Waters Delivers Sick Burn About Trump's China Policy Shift She is everything. \ud83d\udd25
Experiencing Microaggressions \u201cYou don\u2019t act like a black person,\u201d I was told in middle school. \u201cWhat\u2019s your favorite food? Fried chicken?\u201d I was asked
Lessons Learned From LA\u2019s 1992 Civil Unrest \u201cA riot is the language of the unheard,\u201d Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said. On April 29, 1992, the unheard were unleashed
The Fierce Little Miss Flint Wants You To Join The People's Climate March She's not going to stop fighting for her city.
Michelle Obama Thanks Beyonc\u00e9 'For Investing In Our Girls' With Scholarship Queens recognize queens.
Every Song On Kendrick Lamar's New Album Is Charting On Billboard's Hot 100 DAMN!
This 14-Year-Old Cellist Is Making Her Mark In Classical Music This isn't the last you'll hear of this young prodigy.
Baptist Seminary Apologizes For Faculty Members' Racist Photo The seminary's president called it \a moment of bad judgment.\
Down Goes Frazier And Down Goes SheaMoisture When it comes to black women, there are two rules that will always stand the test of time. First, don\u2019t put your finger in
Jaywalker Beaten In Street By Cop Claims Abuse Continued In Jail Nandi Cain is suing authorities in California for what he calls \racially biased\ attacks.
Feeling Draped In An Overcast Of 'Diversity' Diversity\u2014a word swirling around me like the wind that blows around me on windy days. And like the wind, I feel entwined
Henrietta Lacks And Modern Medicine's Greatest Unpaid Debt Several people with \u201cskin like mine\u201d felt the way I did when I watched the movie.
Georgia Police Search For Missing 11-Year-Old Boy Shaun Stokes has not been seen since Sunday evening in Savannah.
College Grad Has Best Response To Stepdad Who Said He\u2019d Never Finish \u201cWhen he said that to me, I had two options
Teen's Black Lives Matter-Inspired Prom Dress Goes Viral The dress features the faces of black people who've died after encounters with law enforcement.
Serena Williams' Response To Racist Comments The tennis star quoted Maya Angelou after Ilie Nastase's alleged comments about Williams' unborn child.
25 Years Later, Los Angeles Hasn't Recovered From The Rodney King Riots. Why? Decades after flames engulfed the city, empty lots remain.
Patriots Player Visits Trump White House, Thanks Obama In Touching Letter Obama era nostalgia is getting real, y'all.
Jay Z Is Working On A New Docuseries On Race In Trump's America \Race With Jay Z\ will explore incarceration, wealth inequality and activism.
Florida's First Black State Attorney Received A Noose In The Mail State Attorney Aramis Ayala challenged the death penalty in the aggressive capital punishment state.
Yes, Even Oprah Flips Out Over Black Girl Magic A group of black women reporters met with the queen of media and it was unforgettable.
Chance The Rapper's Birthday Party Raises Over $100k To Benefit Kids In Chicago Another reason to love Chance.
These 3 Women Created An App For All Your Emergency Shape-Up Needs Because you just can't underestimate the importance of a fresh cut.
Bill O'Reilly's Sexism Got Him Booted, But His Racism Got Him Paid. Why? Our collective outrage doesn't extend to those who parrot racist views.
O'Reilly, Ailes, And Trump Have All Benefited From New York's Racial Landscape The three media titans fanned the flames of racial animosity in the city for personal gain.
Purple Rain Summer Prince has been gone for a year and we only now realize what he meant to us.
Miami-Dade County To Honor 'Moonlight' Creators With Renaming Of Local Street Shining a bright light on Liberty City.
Sink Your Teeth Into This Empowering Maxine Waters-Inspired Birthday Cake Sabrina Hersi Issa said she wanted to bring Waters' leadership and energy into her new year.
Georgetown University Formally Apologizes For Role In Slavery It's a step. But descendants say it's just the beginning.
New Freestyle Rap Card Game Is Bringing Hip-Hop Culture To Your Tabletop It's time to determine who really got bars.
Growing Up A Black Girl Growing up a Black girl meant quality time in the form of my mom and I laying in bed reading Beverly Jenkins\u2019 novels.
Congressional Black Caucus Offers Morality Test To Trump Budget The group of Black lawmakers aim to make Trump's budget priorities an indictment of his character.
Supporters Raise More Than $60,000 For Family Of Cleveland Shooting Victim Robert Godwin was gunned down at random on Easter Sunday.
Google Doodle Honors Ghanaian Entrepreneur Esther Afua Ocloo Ocloo was a business pioneer and champion of low-income women.
Robert Godwin's Family \He would say, 'Tonya, forgive him' because they know not what they do.\
Kendrick Lamar's New Video For 'DNA' Has The Dopest Don Cheadle Cameo We weren't ready.
Morgan Freeman To Highlight The Untold Story Of Rodney King In New Docuseries The developing docuseries premieres in 2018.
Tyrese Apologizes For Sexist Rants, Women Continue To Go About Their Business \I've learned a lot through this well deserved internet dragging.\
The Roots To Premiere 2 Children's Series On Amazon The group is developing both  animated and live-action shows.
San Diego Officials Must Be Held Accountable For A Black Workforce Lockout Highlighting workforce disparities is the only way to bring economic  justice to the forefront.
Auntie Maxine, 'Hidden Figures' And What It Means To Be A Black Woman In The Workplace But it wasn\u2019t what he said that deserves the attention, instead it was her classic, unapologetically Black response that
Young Man Beaten By Cops On Video Speaks Out After Officers' Firing Demetrius Hollins was punched in the head and then stomped on.
Dez Bryant And The Athletic Lottery Dallas Cowboys standout wide receiver Dez Bryant recently made headlines with his comments on Instagram about the issue of
I Am A White Woman And I Must Confront My Racism White people like me are resistant to recognizing our compliance with systemic oppression. This must stop.
Queen Latifah And Jill Scott Reunite For New Film Examining Flint's Water Crisis The Lifetime film will depict the true story of three activists from Flint.
Really? CNN Commentator Can't Tell April Ryan And Ana Navarro Apart \Not all colored girls are the same, Jack,\ Navarro reminded him.
Here's Jackie Robinson's Letter To Orphan Boy Who Wished He 'Was White' Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers received a letter during the winter of 1954 from a man who volunteered at an orphanage
Another Black Teen Stunts On Admissions Season, Gets Into 7 Ivy Leagues Class of 2021 is looking black and gifted.
Chicago Student Gets Into 23 HBCUs, Earns $300,000 In Scholarships Ariyana Davis said it was important for her to go to a school \that feels like home.\
Seriously?! Officer Appears To Stomp On Handcuffed Suspect\u2019s Head \u201cI got cuffs on, sir!\u201d the man points out in the video.
United Passenger David Dao Was Compared To Rosa Parks. Twitter Isn't Having It. \I need folks to stop comparing people to civil rights activists.\
Don Cheadle To Depict Wall Street's First Black Millionaire In New Film Jeremiah G. Hamilton was the richest non-white man in the country.
This Black Mormon In Utah Is Running For President Of Kenya \u201cSome would call this a long shot, but it\u2019s a real shot.\u201d
Sandra Bland's Mom Is Pushing For Police Reform In Texas Geneva Reed-Veal is urging Texas lawmakers to pass the Sandra Bland Act.
Florida Police Officer Arrested In Shooting Of Unarmed Black Man North Miami Police Department officer Jonathan Aledda shot Charles Kinsey last July.
87-Year-Old Visits African American Museum To See Her Slave Cabin Birthplace As a child, Isabell Meggett Lucas didn't know the two-room cabin once housed slaves. It was simply home.
Why Aren't There More Black Teachers? Racial Discrimination Still Plays A Role \u201cI think this is just another example of how ideas about race and racism, to be frank, are deeply embedded in the schools.\
The Selective Outrage Of Injustice In America all ethnic minorities are targets of racism or prejudice, but let\u2019s be very clear, there is still a hierarchy of racism in America.
Jackie Robinson Day Is April 15 -- Here's A Story About Robinson You May Not Know In late January 1938, the Rev. Karl Downs, the new minister of Scott Methodist Church in Pasadena, California, went looking
'Black Panther' Cast Recreates #GetOutChallenge With Daniel Kaluuya Chris is back and looking just as perplexed.
This Teacher Is On A Mission To Take Underprivileged NYC Students To Spain He launched a fundraiser to help take students \from Brownsville to Barcelona.\
Jeff Sessions Is Beginning To Dismantle Even Minor Gains Made In Policing The attorney general's politics place him at odds with Black communities and, occasionally, the officers policing them.
On College Essays, #BlackLivesMatter, and Activism Writing a hashtag about Black liberation 100 times on a college essay isn't about activism, it's about game strategy.
Dr. King Died Fighting For Economic Justice. Nearly Half A Century Later, We Continue His Fight. For more than 40 years, I\u2019ve worked as a home care worker. Yet I\u2019ve never been paid more than $9 an hour.
Aspiring Model Shuts Down Troll Who Said She'd Look Better With Lighter Skin \I wouldn't trade my skin color for the world!\
Charleston Survivor \We may have different skin colors, but we all bleed red.\
'12 Years A Slave' Writer Defends 'Erasure Of Black Women' On New Show About Racism John Ridley's new mini-series \Guerilla\ is centered around a radical political group.
Each Of These Quadruplets Got Accepted Into Harvard And Yale Black. Boy. Marvel.
'Black-ish' Star Yara Shahidi Dishes On Her Forthcoming Spinoff Show She also discussed her life as she prepares for college.
French Montana Gets Dragged On Twitter For Calling A Black Woman's Hair 'Nappy' He said it was OK because his son is black. \ud83d\ude12
Young People In Chicago Want Chance The Rapper To Run For Mayor Chance the ... Mayor? Could it be?
MLK's Daughter Bernice King Blasts Pepsi In Mic-Drop Tweet Welp.
Kendall Jenner And Pepsi Team-Up To Commodify The Struggle Wow, suddenly every societal ill is fixed. All thanks to Kendall Jenner and Pepsi.
MLK Historical Marker Honors King's Final Flight At Memphis Airport The marker is the first of a series of commemorations leading up to the 50th anniversary of King's assassination.
Kerry Washington The actress said \Scandal\ evolved into a more racially aware show.
Don Lemon Claps Back At Bill O'Reilly With A Jab About Harassment Claims The two hosts were sniping about who really refused to cover what story.
More Than 50 Organizations Unite To Launch Nationwide Social Change Campaign \u201cPeople who believe in freedom, justice and the humanity of all people are the majority, and we\u2019ve had enough.\u201d
On The Anniversary Of Dr. King\u2019s Assassination, A Grave Injustice Attorney General Sessions is taking steps to undo the civil rights icon's legacy.
How BET's 'Rebel' Is Reshaping The Narrative For Black Women In Hollywood \As a black woman in entertainment and acting, there\u2019s not a lot of roles for us,\u201d says star Danielle Mon\u00e9 Truitt.
Nigerian Pilot Completes Historic Expedition But Why Is This Not On All Major Outlets Yet? \u201cFinally, global media takes notice of an African Success story!\u201d I wish! I wish this is the report I was writing about but
Activist Glenn Martin 'Grateful' #CLOSErikers Campaign Was A Success \u201cMayor de Blasio has finally heard the demands of the #CLOSErikers campaign,\ he said.
Chance The Rapper Announces New Arts And Literature Fund For Chicago Kids The rapper is teaming up with the Chicago Bulls who donated $1 million to the program.
They're Finally Going To Close Rikers Island, America's Monument To Jail Cruelty It's about damn time.
Sikh Journalist Ties His Turban In Honor Of Timothy Caughman In Powerful Video \There is a growing epidemic of hate in this country. It can only be fought with love.\
This College Student's 'Martin'-Themed Campaign Video Is Everything You go, girl! *Gina voice*
This Law School Created A Criminal Justice Class Based On 'The Wire' Long live Omar's code!
The Media Polarization Of Black Athletes LaVar Ball dominates the airwaves, while Colin Kaepernick's altruism is ignored
Watch Bill O'Reilly Snicker While 'Apologizing' For Mocking Maxine Waters Right-wing talker made a sexist, racist insult about the congresswoman's hair.
Maxine Waters To Bill O'Reilly The congresswoman has no patience for the Fox News host's racism and sexism.
The Words From Rep. Maxine Waters That Bill O'Reilly Didn't Want You To Hear Congresswoman Waters\u2019 words matter much more than turning her into the meme of the day.
Here\u2019s Exactly What It\u2019ll Cost To Teach You About Diversity, Aaron Sorkin I would like to help you learn. For the low price of exactly $52,539.38.
Uber Needs To Do Better When It Comes To Diversity Just like the rest of the tech industry.
Anthony Anderson Says Racial Issues In 'Black-Ish' Are Based On His Real Life \They\u2019re stories that we all ... have dealt with. You\u2019re just getting it from the Johnson family perspective.\
NYPD Cop Who Fatally Shot Ramarley Graham Found Guilty Of Bad Judgment Officer Richard Haste resigned after he was found guilty at a disciplinary hearing.
How These Students Called Out Their School's Racism And Caught Harvard's Attention They were also the 2016 Bostonians of The Year. NBD.
Bill O'Reilly Mocks Maxine Waters' Hair While She's Busy Tackling Trump \u201cI didn\u2019t hear a word she said. I was looking at the James Brown wig.\u201d
How These Psychologists Are Prioritizing Mental Health Care For Black America \Our Mental Health Minute\ addresses subjects most pertinent to our community.
Georgetown Employee Discovers University Sold His Enslaved Ancestor Anna Mahoney Jones was one of 272 slaves sold to help the school get out of financial hardship.
Chicago Cop Charged With 16 New Counts In LaQuan McDonald Shooting Case The U.S. Justice Department began a civil rights investigation in December 2015 after the video was released by court order.
Racist Who Stabbed Timothy Caughman Says He Regrets Not Killing A 'Young Thug' He is also intolerant of interracial relationships.
School Tries To Censor BLM Article. These Students Had The Final Say. The high schoolers recruited the help of their regional ACLU.
White Man Accused Of Fatally Stabbing Black New Yorker Is Charged With Terrorism \James Jackson prowled the streets of New York for three days in search of a black person to assassinate,\ the D.A. says.
On Emmett Till, Black Death Spectacle, And Cultural (Mis)Appropriation Stop parachuting into discussions about racism for personal gain.
Slick Rick's 'Children's Story' Is Getting Turned Into A Real Kid's Book You'll want another and another for your sista and your brotha.
Ava DuVernay And Chance The Rapper Land On 'World's Greatest Leaders' List Fortune magazine's list also features the likes of LeBron James and Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie.
Murder Suspect Planned To Kill 'As Many Black Men' As He Could Authorities say sword-wielding James Harris Jackson harbored racist hatred and wanted to draw attention to his murderous plot.
12-Year-Old Girl Last Seen Walking To Family Barn Police are appealing for help to find Zoey Carles.
Here Are Some Answers To Frequently Asked Questions About D.C.'s Missing Teens \u201cWe have to consider how, generally, blackness is devalued.\
Watch How The New 'Power Rangers' Movie Is Celebrating Diversity The television phenomenon has come a long way.
Neo-Nazi Troll Suggests Prejudice Against Racists Is The Same As Islamophobia Nope.
Why 'Shots Fired' Made An Unarmed White Student The Victim Of A Police Shooting Creator Gina Prince-Bythewood says the show was sparked by George Zimmerman\u2019s 2013 trial.
Big Sean Is Teaching Students Around The Country About Careers In Entertainment \You can still be in the music industry and not necessarily be a performer.\u201d
Army Vet Accused Of Murder Came To NYC To Kill Black Men, Cops Say He allegedly said he was fueled by hatred of interracial relationships.
Forest Whitaker Is Officially On Board To Help Make Angela Davis Biopic The actor's involvement with the film adds to his list of production credits.
You Just Might Be A Racist... Lack of \racist bones\ be damned.
Pregnant Woman Killed By Police Used As Shield By 'Coward' Boyfriend Alteria Woods, 21, was four months pregnant.
Wyclef Jean Says Cops Treated Him 'Like A Criminal' After Mistaken For Suspect \Black man with red bandana robbed a gas station as I was in the studio working but I'm in handcuffs?\
The Congressional Black Caucus Must Reject Trump's Photo-Op Meetings The CBC has the challenge of its political lifetime in confronting the Trump rein in the Oval Office.
No African Citizens Could Attend A Summit On African Trade After Visas Denied The African Global Economic & Development Summit was held with zero African attendees.
Poor, Minority Neighborhoods Have More Tobacco-Selling Shops Per Capita As neighborhood income fell, density of tobacco shops rose.
Some Genius Transformed Your Favorite Memes Into Fine Art The chopped and screwed versions of your favorite memes await you.
Man Filmed His Shooting Death by Sheriff's Deputy On Facebook Live Rodney Hess' family says he \suffered from mental illness but was a functioning member of society.\
Taraji P. Henson Wants To Play A Marvel Superhero. Someone Make This Happen. Now, we wait.
A Woman Purposed To Be A King My mother left her mark. Women and girls, and all of humanity, are better for it.
Artist Launches \u2018The People\u2019s Campaign\u2019 To Engage, Empower Local Communities \u201cI want people to understand difference and not criminalize it,\u201d says artist Cyrus Aaron.
How Smoothie Queen JJ Smith Created A Flourishing Weight Loss Empire If you don\u2019t know who JJ Smith is, you better ask somebody\u2014perhaps one of the more than 1.2 million folks who keep up with
Why Stakes Is Too High To Bother With White Tears Last month, my second book,\u00a0Stakes Is High
Oprah Is Back To Acting In New Trailer For 'The Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks' The movie tells the true story of the Lacks family's efforts to obtain justice for their late mother.
Jesse Williams Says Voter Fraud Is A 'Myth' \u201cAnd it\u2019s been created to ... preserve the status quo and to stop black, brown and poor people from having access.\
11-Year-Old To Become One Of The Youngest Conductors Of A 75-Piece Orchestra Matthew Smith will make his debut at the Nottingham Royal Concert Hall on April 2.
Danny Glover The legendary actor recently joined Bernie Sanders for a pro-union protest in Mississippi.
Raphael Bostic Named First Black President Of A Fed Regional Bank The USC professor called the appointment \a tremendous privilege.\u201d
Mahershala Ali Says Life Is 'A Different Kind Of Crazy' With Newborn Daughter The actor's wife gave birth to their first child just four days before Ali\u2019s Oscar win.
Woman Changed Homeless Man's Life By Simply Creating A Facebook Page And Victor Hubbard changed her life, too.
This Teacher Remixes Rap Songs Like 'Bad And Boujee' To Teach History Lessons \The troops are mad and losing...Soldiers are ready and ruthless.\
Chicago Students Thank Chance The Rapper In Heartfelt Letter \u201cYou\u2019re more than just an artist to us, you are a way of life.\
Jordan Peele Is The First Black Writer-Director To Land $100 Million Debut This clever comedian has officially made history.
6-Year-Old Chicago Girl Celebrates Birthday By Helping The Homeless \u201cIn her words, it\u2019s \u2018nice to be nice.\u2019\
Prosecutor Releases Unedited Ferguson Video To Counter Cover-up Claims Robert McCulloch said a \poorly edited\ film distorted the truth of Michael Brown's last day.
Mark Zuckerberg On Lack Of Diversity In Tech The Facebook CEO spoke to students at North Carolina A&T on Monday.
Baltimore Facility Wants To De-Stigmatize Mental Health Care Among Low-Income Residents \In L.A., people brag about going to see their therapists. Therapy is not a bad thing,\u201d said the center's executive director.
Filmmaker Says This New Video Of Mike Brown Challenges Ferguson Police Narrative \u201cWe had to do this so that people understand what really happened,\u201d said the documentary filmmaker who obtained the video.
The Racism Blindfold Why do so many Americans simply fail to acknowledge racism?
An Open Letter To The Well-Meaning White Boys Who Approach Me Online You\u2019re cute, but you\u2019re probably racists.
A Letter To My Younger Self Dear Terrance, If you are reading this letter, I have successfully manipulated the speed of light and have traveled back
Dave Chappelle Isn't Laughing In Town Hall On Police Violence \We\u2019re being policed by what feels like an alien force.\u201d
Diddy 'Won't Stop' With Tribeca Film Festival Premiere Of New Docu-Flick As the Bad Boy saga continues...
Jurnee Smollett-Bell and Aldis Hodge On How The Activism In 'Underground' Is Relevant Today \u201cWe all are capable of just living in our comfort zones when issues don\u2019t affect us,\u201d Smollett-Bell said.
Michael Bennett, Inspired By Chance The Rapper, Is Investing In Inner Cities The NFL player said he will be donating money in support of underserved communities.
7 Protests From Around The World Led By Fearless Black Women These women in formation will have you reeling with black lady pride.
Muhammad Ali's Son Launched A 'Religious Justice' Campaign Against Trump #AlivsTrump
John Lewis On Selma March, 52 Years Later \Our march continues. There is great work still to be done.\
Ta-Nehisi Coates \I think it\u2019s very important to actually say that word, to acknowledge that something was done in these institutions.\u201d
White Teen Calls Student 'Black Piece Of S**t' In Disturbing Video Micah Speed, 15, said a white student harassed and threatened him for two months before the altercation.
Dear Dr. Ben Carson, It's Officially Over. Signed, Black People Everywhere I don\u2019t want to spoil the film \u201cGet Out\u201d for those who haven\u2019t seen it yet, but has Dr. Carson been listening to the sound
Tracee Ellis Ross Praises 17-Year-Old Yara Shahidi In Heartfelt Letter Ross introduced her \Black-ish\ co-star at the Essence Black Women in Hollywood Awards.
Proud 'Auntie' Of The Resistance Maxine Waters Tells Everyone To 'Stay Woke' The congresswoman talked to Joy Reid about telling the truth in the age of Trump.
Don Cheadle Claims Trump Once Used Racial Slur In Reference To Black Women Yikes.
Viola Davis Gives (Another) Moving Speech As Harvard's Artist Of The Year \u201cI want people to be seen. I want them to feel less alone,\ the actress said.
Apathy & Complacency In our complacency, we had no fear of a puffed Dorito becoming president.
Morehouse College President Says Visit With Trump Was 'Troubling' John Wilson, Jr. didn't hold back in a statement to his college.
Charlie Wilson On How He Has Maintained Relevancy In Music For Decades The R&B-funk veteran also shared his thoughts on Bruno Mars.
Delta Airlines Has Its First Black Female Captain This is the second time she's made aviation history.
This Black-Owned Subscription Box Is What Every Debonair Fella Needs Dapper Black Box includes products exclusively from black companies.
Family Demands Answers After Their Muslim Son Was Found Hanged In The Woods Police found Ben Keita's body more than a month after he disappeared.
Ava DuVernay Hosted A Twitter Takeover With 30 Inspiring Female Filmmakers The \Rebel-a-Thon\ included Julie Dash and Amma Asante.
Colin Kaepernick To Stand For National Anthem Next Season The 49ers quarterback is reportedly ending his season-long act of protest.
Jay Z The two first met after Browder was released from Rikers Island.
Stuck Within The Strong Chokehold Of Assimilation At times in my life, I have fallen into depression and have struggled with an overwhelming feeling of anxiousness when stepping
The Best Picture Speech For \u2018Moonlight\u2019 Would Have Sounded Like This \Tarell and I are Chiron. We are that boy.\
We Finally Know When TLC's Final Album Will Drop Chill and T-Boz used Kickstarter to raise money for the project.
42 Times We Did It For The Culture This Black History Month February was lit! \ud83d\udd25
NFL Player Says He And Teammates Deemed 'Too Urban' To Enter UK Nightclub The nightclub denies that race played a role in the incident.
Amar'e Stoudemire Receives MLK Award For His Philanthropic Efforts The prestigious ceremony took place at the Mount Zion Hotel in Jerusalem.
'Daily Show' Correspondent Calls 'Moonlight' Oscar A Sign Of 'Peak Blackness' \u201cWe are operating at maximum levels of \u2018blacktivity\u2019 that haven\u2019t been seen in decades.\u201d
7 College Courses That Are Black AF OK, ladies (and gents), let's get information.
Revolutionary Musings Join the revolution!
Moonlight\u2019s Oscar Win Validates Variations Of Black Masculinity The film is a departure from standard, stereotypical depictions of black manhood.
'Moonlight' Writer Dedicates Film To All POC And Gender-Nonconforming \This is for you.\
The Most Standout Looks From Black Stars On The Oscars Red Carpet Royalty.
Katherine Johnson Had An Oscars Moment With The Women Of 'Hidden Figures' Beautiful.
Gary From Chicago Was The Biggest Winner At The Oscars Gary is goals.
Google Pledges More Than $11 Million To Racial Justice Organizations The company has long been vocal about their desire for social change.
Negro Week At The 1939\u20131940 New York World\u2019s Fair Growing up in my small Maryland town, I dreamed of one day attending the New York World\u2019s Fair. Especially after my two older
How We Learned (Are Learning) Transformative Justice We survive, we learn, we have agency about our next steps.
I Dream Of Healthy Black Futures If we are going to withstand the destructive policies of this incoming administration, we\u2019ll have to be even more creative.
The Essence Women In Hollywood Event Was Full Of Black Girl Magic And here are the photos to prove it.
Four Black Trailblazers On How They Are Empowering Communities Of Color These influencers work across the areas of business, media, tech and activism.
Maxine Waters Is At It Again The congresswoman noted dangerous special interest concerns within president's cabinet.
Sidney Poitier And Denzel Washington\u2019s Longstanding Connection Is About More Than Oscars A tale of two history-makers.
Harry Belafonte\u2019s New 19-Track Album Highlights Need For Racial Unity The iconic entertainer and activist was influential in curating the anthology.
7 Standout Black Figures In Sports And Entertainment Who Empower Us These trailblazers have made incredible and inspiring achievements.
It's Getting Better, But Let's Not Forget Hollywood Still Has A Diversity Issue A new study found that people of color are still sorely underrepresented in film and TV.
Clemson Doctoral Student Creates Rap Album On Blackness For Dissertation A.D. Carson wanted his thesis to challenge racial views on campus and beyond.
Savannah State Becomes First HBCU To Win National Cheerleading Award \Bring It On\ IRL.
Tidal Joins Social Justice Organization For Project Honoring Victims Of Racial Violence The project is among the many Harry Belafonte's social justice organization has planned in the coming months.
Finance Guru 'Tiff The Budgetnista' Shares Tips On Getting Your Money Right Take notes!
'Hidden Figures' Director On Taraji P. Henson Snub Ted Melfi chalks it up to Hollywood politics.
Beyonc\u00e9 Spotlight - #BlackHistoryMonth Beyonc\u00e9 Giselle Knowles-Carter, better known as Beyonc\u00e9, is perhaps the most famous American singer and songwriter in modern
Creating Black Futures Within The Present Oppressed people simply need more space for our imaginations to live, cultivate and comfort each other.
'Blacks For Trump 2020' Is Trump\u2019s Latest Con What does Trump really know about his vocal and suddenly media-friendly coterie of black boosters?
My Fight For $15 Is About Black Futures I\u2019ve always lived in poverty, but living in poverty and having someone depend on me is a completely different story.
'Hidden Figures' Director On 'Hidden Fences' Flub He laughed at first, then he thought about it.
Tracy Morgan On Overcoming His Fears For First Role Since Car Accident Morgan's movie \Fist Fight\ premieres this week.
21 Striking Photos Of Black Millennials Who Declare 'We, Too, Are America' HuffPost Black Voices co-hosted a Black History Month event and acknowledged the beauty among these influencers.
Students Are Decorating Their Dorm Room Doors To Celebrate Black History The #BlackHistoryDoorChallenge is for the culture.
Ellen Helps Pay Off Muslim Refugee\u2019s Student Debt Ekhlas Ahmed, a high school teacher, credits Ellen with helping her learn English.
The 'We Are Joy' Photo Series Challenges How We See The Black Experience Black joy as resistance.
This 97-Year-Old Has Provided Free Barber School Courses For 57 Years Now that's brotherly love.
7-Year-Old Suffered 20 Gunshot Wounds In Her Grandma's Bed More than two months later, no one has been arrested for A'yanna Allen's death.
Notorious B.I.G.'s Mom Is Making A Documentary About Him The announcement comes nearly 20 years since his death.
Ava DuVernay On Trump's America The filmmaker talks diversity and the power of art in ESSENCE.
Homegirl Box Celebrates Spirit Of Sisterhood, Radical Women And Self-Love \Women carry much of the work in visioning and creating revolution and yet, who is looking out for us?...Our homegirls.\
#BeingBlackAndMuslim Is The Hashtag Bringing Light To An Ignored Identity \It means being erased from conversations on both Islam and Blackness. But always belonging to both.\
Marissa Alexander Won't Let Her Long National Nightmare Define Her Finally released from house arrest, the domestic violence survivor said she feels like she can breathe once more.
Chance The Rapper Finally Won A Grammy. Then He Won Another One. And another one.
How Trayvon Martin's Parents Keep His Spirit Alive 5 Years After His Death The grieving parents released a new book about dealing with their son's death.
New Nike Ad With LeBron James, Serena Williams Makes Forceful Call For Equality The campaign comes after the company blasted President Donald Trump's immigration ban for threatening diversity.
Busta Rhymes Slams 'President Agent Orange' And His Muslim Ban At Grammys The rapper was joined by A Tribe Called Quest and Anderson .Paak onstage Sunday night.
Rapper Schoolboy Q Dons Pink 'Girl Power' Hoodie At Grammys The rapper, whose lyrics are sometimes controversial, wore attire that championed women.
We've Got A Right To Be Mad About Beyonc\u00e9 Losing 'Album Of The Year' \u201cLemonade\u201d said something and meant something to so many people.
Black Friendship, Black Love If we are invested in the liberation of all Black people, we must be in healthy relationship with the community we claim to love.
The Department Of Education Misspells Apology For Misspelling W.E.B. Du Bois' Name Welcome to 2017, where everything's made up and the spelling doesn't matter.
The Roots Of The Haitian Revolution Are Black Futures There is no Black future without honoring the Haitian Revolution, too.
Missing KKK Leader Found Shot Dead Near River In Missouri The body of Frank Ancona, who was an imperial wizard of the Traditionalist American Knights, was found Saturday.
Uncaged Black Futures Now We must abolish and do away with the final remnants of slavery.
No, Chris Cuomo, Being Called 'Fake News' Is Not Equivalent To Being Called 'The N-Word' The CNN anchor apologized, and that's good, but he made the same argument twice.
Anthony Anderson's Mom Used Videos To Teach Him A Very NSFW Lesson Conan O'Brien's reactions are priceless.
Cynthia Erivo Will Star In Harriet Tubman Biopic, 'Harriet' Production is set to begin later this year.
Why This Former Black Panther Wrote A Film About The Power Of Redemption Jamal Joseph hopes the story will spark conversations about prison reform.
A 'Dear White People' Netflix Teaser Just Dropped And It's Everything Oh, and it finally has a release date, too. #blessed
Patriot Devin McCourty Is Not Visiting The White House That makes two Patriots who won't be going to Washington.
Alpha Phi Alpha Black activism on college campuses is not a new initiative.
Jay Ellis On His Personal Mission To Fight HIV/AIDS In The Black Community The \Insecure\ actor teamed up with amFar ahead of National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day.
7 Black Innovators Who Are Creating A Better Tomorrow Their impact is undeniable.
Black Futures Of Safety, Security And Non-Surveillance In the 21st century, the overseer has jumped from outside on the street to online in your home.
A More Abundant Share \u2013 The Future Of Food Is Black Young Black people will lead the conversation on changing our food and farming systems.
6 Ways To Celebrate Black History Month Beyonc\u00e9 totally counts but I challenge you to go back in time a little bit. As pioneers of several genres of music, the industry
Beyond The Dab There's more to the group than their proclivity for the \bad and boujee.\
What Curtis Mayfield's 1960's Music Can Teach Us About Resistance Today Mayfield's social commentary is strikingly applicable today, his son says.
Why Naomie Harris Almost Turned Down 'Moonlight' Role Harris recently earned a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination for the role.
NYT Bestselling Author Mychal Denzel Smith Explains How To Resist Trump \Everything must be done.\
Chuck Woolery Yeah, no.
Donald Trump Will Not Drain The Swamp. He Will Segregate it. Fulfilling his promises to voters will require Donald Trump to oppress America's ethnic minorities.
People Cannot Get Over The Way Trump Described Frederick Douglass He knows who Frederick Douglass is, right? Right?
The Internet Has Absolutely No Chill Over Beyonc\u00e9's Pregnancy WHO RUN THE WORLD?
Twitter Imagines How The Trump White House Will Celebrate Black History Month \I'm already preparing for the worst.\
Yes, Everyone's Flipping Out Over Beyonc\u00e9 But This Tweet Is A Must-See It's funny, until it's not.
7 Black Media And Activism Game Changers Who Are Paving The Way The future is now.
Viola Davis Wins SAG Award, Thanks 'Fences' Author For Elevating Black Narrative \u201cWe deserve to be in the canon, in the center of any narrative, and that\u2019s what August [Wilson] did.\
Viola Davis \u201cIs it just going to be a trend to talk about inclusion...or is it going to be a norm.\
Filmmaker Ava DuVernay\u2019s Oscar-Nominated Documentary '13th'  Is A Wake-up Call Filmmaker Ava DuVernay, best known for the critically-acclaimed film \u201cSelma\u201d about the equal voting rights movement led by
Raoul Peck on the James Baldwin Documentary \I Am Not Your Negro\ 
Georgia Police Chief Apologizes 76 Years After Black Teen's Lynching The police chief said atoning for Austin Callaway's death is \necessary.\
Jay Z Hopes Kalief Browder's Story Will 'Save A Lot Of Lives' The mogul premiered his docuseries on him at the Sundance Film Festival.
Big Sean Raises $100,000 To Support Flint Residents He said the city's water crisis is \not even close to being over.\
Trevor Noah Explains Why He's Always Seen Black Women As The Strongest Leaders \u201cNelson Mandela was an icon, but the police were afraid of Winnie Mandela.\u201d
Mourning For Ezell Ford Once again, a community sits in grief. Once again our neighbors writhe in inconsolable pain. Once again family members and
This Former Judge Just Became Alabama's First Black Female District Attorney Lynneice Washington is making herstory.
Viola Davis Makes History As First Black Actress To Earn 3 Oscar Nods What an accomplishment!
Yes, The Oscars Are Less White, But Don't Let Hollywood Off The Hook A handful of black nominees doesn't erase 80 years of exclusion.
In Trump\u2019s America, The Future Of Police Reform Will Be Forged At The City And County Level It will fall on local governments to forge the path forward on police reform
How New Edition Avoided 'Heart Break' An oral history of the album that brought the ultimate boy band back to life.
Mary J. Blige Blige not gon' lie.
Making Peace With The White Women's Vote For Trump Perhaps the complexity and longevity of racism\u2019s hold on this country\u2019s systemic structure and cultural psyche, makes the
An Open Letter On Behalf Of Undocumented Immigrants Why comprehensive immigration reform matters to us all.
Black Twitter Users Say No To Trump And Yes To 'The Wiz' In #InaugurationBlackout Some users wanted no parts of Trump's inauguration.
Teen Accused Of Killing Allegedly Abusive Dad To Leave Jail For Treatment Facility Bresha Meadows, 15, will now get a chance to begin healing, her mother said.
Black Activists React To Trump's Inauguration Members of the activist group Million Hoodies released a powerful video on Friday.
This Anti-Trump PSA Is Unapologetically Reaffirming \u201cHate my color? Miss me with your shade.\u201d
Rep. Maxine Waters Drags The Hell Out Of Trump, Says He's 'In Bed' With Putin \u201cI don\u2019t honor him. I don\u2019t respect him. And I don\u2019t want to be involved with him.\u201d
Chrisette Michele Is Performing At Inauguration And Folks Aren't Happy The singer upset many of her fans with the news.
10 Striking Reflections On Obama's Presidency From Black Change-Makers They highlight many of the moments we will never forget.
Janelle Mon\u00e1e, Maxwell Among Performers At Women's March On Washington The pair are among a list of artists who plan to amplify the event\u2019s message.
New Lifestyle Platform Aims To Empower Black Men, Expand Their Narrative It's the manifestation of brotherly love.
Alicia Keys The Grammy-winning songstress won't be backing down from the quest for equality.
T.I. Warns Of 'Hidden Agenda' Behind Trump's Meetings With Black Influencers The rapper-actor called foul.
Loretta Lynch Delivers Powerful Farewell Speech At Historical Black Church She recalled the 1963 speech King delivered at 16th Street Baptist Church.
John Lewis\u2019 Book Sales Skyrocket After Trump's Appalling Tweet Three of his books occupied the top five spots on Amazon over the weekend.
T.I. Writes 'Honest' Unapologetic Letter To Trump This is the rapper's second in a series of letters about American\nsocial issues.
These Journalists Got The NYPD To Pay More Attention To Murder In The Bronx Al Baker and Benjamin Mueller of The New York Times spent a year writing about every murder in the Bronx's 40th Precinct. This is what they learned.
Asians Showed Love to Blacks On Dr. King Day... And A Black Girl Reached Back Something extraordinary happened at the Martin Luther King Jr. event I attended last night. It was organized by Pray Chicago
With LOVE, We Will RESIST We see Beloved Community in the leadership of the Standing Rock Sioux and so many others who have come before them and will
Megachurch Pastor Eddie Long Dead At 63 The leader of the Georgia congregation had been fighting cancer, his church said.
Stand With Immigrants This MLK Day The juxtaposition of Martin Luther King Jr. day with the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, just four days later
Black Lives DO Matter The following article was written by Maya M., an Essex County, NJ Middle School student. The following article is a part
Only A Just America Will Be A Truly Great America We are at a crossroads in America\u2019s civil rights movement.
This MLK Quote Sums Up The Rise Of White Supremacy Post-Trump King's words are eerily prophetic.
NAACP President Calls On Donald Trump To Apologize To John Lewis Cornell William Brooks said Trump \dishonored Lewis' sacrifice.\
Dear Mr. Trump The president-elect\u2019s projection on my community has actual consequences.
Biloxi Called MLK Day 'Great Americans Day,' And People Were Pissed A single tweet exposed a questionable ordinance in Mississippi.
What Martin Luther King Dreams Of Today 
There's A Black Lady Liberty On A U.S. Coin For The First Time Ever Lady Liberty is depicted with twists in her hair.
Serena Williams Dances For The Sheer Joy Of It In Berlei Sports Bra Ad \It's about letting myself go.\
Ava DuVernay On Tackling Trump \u201cIt\u2019s happening, so the question is
Taraji P. Henson Lands Leading Role As A Hit Woman In 'Proud Mary' Hollywood ain't ready.
California Police Officer Won't Be Charged In Fatal Shooting Of Unarmed Black Man \u201cAfter carefully reviewing the facts, the evidence and the law, we\u2019ve determined the officer\u2019s use of deadly force was reasonable under the circumstances and he bears no criminal liability for his actions,\u201d San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis said.
You Actually Have A Chance To Be Idris Elba's Valentine WHERE DO I SIGN UP?! \ud83d\ude31
Chance The Rapper Graces GQ Cover, Talks Kanye And Rapper Stereotypes \u201cI don\u2019t think I ever wanted to be like Kanye in personality.\
Angela Bassett To Be Honored At American Black Film Institute Oscar Gala Academy Award nominated actress, Angela Bassett, will be honored with the \u201cReel Icon\u201d award by the American Black Film Institute
Donald Glover's Migos Shoutout At Golden Globes Sparks Twitter Fun 'Atlanta' creator and star gives props to area rap group.
'Hidden Figures' Stars Write Inspiring Posts After Film Dominates Box Office Black women ruled the box office this weekend.
11 Times Barack Obama Talked Openly And Honestly About Race \Societies don\u2019t, overnight, erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior.\
White Texas Cop Suspended 10 Days Without Pay For Violent Arrest Of Black Family The chief says it's a \u201csignificant punishment,\u201d but an attorney for the family disagrees.
T.I. To Obama The rapper reflected on Obama's presidency in new open letter.
The Time Trump Slammed 'Black-ish' For Being A 'Racist' Show Some things never change.
The Continuing Need For Racial Reconciliation As the nation\u2019s first African-American president concludes his tenure as leader of the free world, he has been met with a
Lee Daniels Made 'Star' For 'White People To Feel Good About Being White' Bruh.
Vivica A. Fox On The Australian Influence Behind New Show 'Black Magic' The actress opens up on the origins of her new reality series.
Police Unions Outraged Over Painting In U.S. Capitol That Depicts Cops As Animals They say the artwork is \reprehensible and repugnant\ and they want it removed.
7 Times We Needed To Hear Taraji P. Henson Keep It Real Auntie Taraji's wisdom is \ud83d\udcaf
Mom Finds Racial Slur, 'Trump 17' On Burned Family Home \u201cI won\u2019t let the girls come back here because I don\u2019t want them to see.\
The Man Behind This Iconic Photo Is Still Keeping Baltimore's Story Alive Even when capturing the city's troubles, Devin Allen is able to find beauty.
Billionaire To Sponsor Education Of 21 Girls Freed From Boko Haram Robert Smith has also promised to help girls who may be set free in the future.
I Will Resist For the ancestors, who now dwell in the company of angels, accosted and assaulted while present upon the earth, enduring
What It Feels Like To Be A Natural Woman \Going natural takes so much confidence.\
Historically Black Talladega College Band Marches Into Controversy Over Trump Inauguration Appearance Rival petitions have been launched over the move.
Video Captures North Carolina Cop Slamming Student To Ground The school, police and ACLU are investigating the officer's actions.
NAACP Stages Sit-In To Protest Attorney General Nominee Jeff Sessions \The NAACP has chosen not to remain silent on this critical matter.\
Chef Sues Dude Ranch Owner Who Allegedly Asked For \u2018Black People Food\u2019 Madeleine Pickens is also accused of firing another black kitchen worker for \u201chaving too much personality.\u201d
Kim Burrell Exposed How The Black Church Treats Gay People I sadly saw it as business as usual.
Kim Burrell I would suggest you listen to the words you sing yourself a little more carefully.
2017 The end of a year and the beginning of the next is always a time ripe with reflection. Taking stock of my personal and business
Will History Be Kind To Barack Obama's Legacy As The First Black President? History was changed on election night November 4, 2008, when a more youthful Barack Obama walked out as the newly elected
4 Thoughts I've Had Before An Interview Based On Being Black And Female I\u2019m looking a little more disheveled than I intended to be and my god I can\u2019t ever imagine the scrutiny if I ever decided
We March -- Bahamas Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly. This right applies to protest marches and demonstrations, press conferences
Lee Daniels The Hollywood heavyweight has some thoughts about systemic racism.
The Power of Embracing My Natural Hair In my childhood, I rocked three pony tails, which was a popular style at the time (late 80\u2019s). I remember having internal
When Tupac Goes To Church The late Tupac Amaru Shakur has experienced a recent resurgence in news coverage this year. On May 2, his mother, Afeni Shakur
American Girl Doll Brings In the New Year With #BlackGirlMagic Meet Gabriela McBride, The 2017 American Girl Doll of the Year! Gabriela McBride, is a poet and dancer who is a lover of
2016's Wrath 2016 has been the year of white folks\u2019 pronounced discomfort with black and brown folks who dare to live freely on American
Denzel Washington Doesn't Think Hollywood Has A Colorism Problem The actor says it's not the system, but lack of skill, that hinders dark actors from achieving success.
New Video Shows Texas Police Officer Paralyzing A Man With One Shot Police and the victim disagree on what happened before the cop fired.
No, You Never Hit Her No, you never hit her. You despise the men who raise their hands to strike the women they claim to love. You see, those men
A Call For The Economic Boycott Of North Carolina The GOP efforts to undermine the very foundation of government cannot be tolerated.
BET & Gabrielle Union Reach Settlement In 'Being Mary Jane' Lawsuit The future is looking brighter for Being Mary Jane. Bet announced today that the two sides have reached a settlement in star
Tiny Harris Reportedly Files For Divorce From T.I. After Six Years Of Marriage The report follows a string of marital rumors in recent months.
#BlackMenLove I once asked men to #TwitpicYourFlowerCrown on Twitter. It started out as me poking fun at the all too popular flower crown
Official Who Called Michelle Obama \u2018Ape In Heels\u2019 Won't Keep Job After All The nonprofit she formerly led will now be overseen by another state agency.
Rapper Troy Ave Shot In New York City He was shot in his Maserati as he waited at a Brooklyn traffic light.
A Seat At The Table It\u2019s been 46 days since Donald Trump was elected president by middle America. The apocalypse has indeed begun, ladies and
Sheryl Lee Ralph And Ben Harney On The Long Reach Of 'Dreamgirls' On Dec. 20, 1981, \u201cDreamgirls\u2019\u2019 opened at the Imperial Theater, bringing a \u201cseismic emotional jolt\u201d to Broadway, as the critic
Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, Janelle Mon\u00e1e Shine On Essence's February Cover The \Hidden Figures\ stars talk about the importance of their roles in the film.
Marcus Garvey's Message And Why A Pardon For Him Matters Proverbs 29:18 says \u201cwhere there is no vision, a people perish.\u201d The U.S. Government\u2019s long campaign to discredit civil rights
'I Was Lynched Once' Like most high school seniors, it has been a stressful fall for me.\u00a0 College admissions pressure, the election and constant
The Unbearable Whiteness Of Secular Studies I recently submitted a course proposal entitled \u201cGoing Godless
Detroit Just Named A Street After Stevie Wonder, And He's Thrilled \I want all of us to walk down the street that leads us to a place of humanity and equality, of fairness and respect for each other.\
Janelle Mon\u00e1e On Her Breakout Roles In 'Moonlight' And 'Hidden Figures' The artist-turned-actress had a huge year on the big screen.
New Orleans Agrees To Pay $13.3 Million For Police Post-Katrina Killings Mayor Mitch Landrieu said the city reached deals with 17 plaintiffs to settle all claims.
It's Official! Obama Loves Issa Rae's 'Insecure' As Much As We All Do He said the show's soundtrack is lit! \ud83d\ude1c
17 Times Black Americans Captivated The Nation In 2016 Despite this year's chaos, black America pushed through.
On The Promise Of Post-Racial America I am a Millennial. By virtue of being born in the fall of 1990, I\u2019m a member of the generation for which the illusion of
Why Kenny Lattimore Thinks Christmas Music Can Help Restore \u2018Hope\u2019 In America The veteran musician is celebrating the most wonderful time of the year with the release of his debut Christmas album.
These Magical Black Women Helped Us Get Through 2016 This #blackgirlmagic was just what we needed to persevere.
This Former Offender Now Works To Help Keep Chicago Youth Off The Streets And he's using his street smarts to do so.
Man Stages Frightening Police Encounter To Propose To His Fianc\u00e9 Daiwon McPherson said he wanted to make a statement about Black Lives Matter.
Chicago To Pay Over $5 Million In Two Police Shootings Suits The estate of Cedrick Chatman, 17,  was awarded $3 million, while the estate of Darius Pinex, 27, was awarded $2.36 million.
Obama Vows To Make Sure My Brother's Keeper Lives On \This is something that I will be invested in for the rest of my life,\u201d the President said Wednesday.
Proud Son Posts Pic Of Folks Who Graduated College After Addiction \My parents went back to college together and they graduated today. Together.\
President Obama A powerful new piece by Ta-Nehisi Coates explores Obama's dynamic relationship with race.
Colin Kaepernick's White Parents Say They're 'Very Proud' Of Him \u201cColin is carrying a heavy load and following a difficult path that he truly believes in.\
LeBron James Sets His Sights On HBO Documentary Honoring Muhammad Ali \He transcended sports and used his platform to empower people.\
Firefighter Canned For Racist Facebook Comments Ryan Hudson claimed he'd been drinking and apologized.
18 Times Black People Broke The Internet In 2016 From #BlackLivesMatter to the #RunningManChallenge, here's to some of the good that came out of this year.
John Legend To Obama In a Rolling Stone op-ed, the singer made a last minute request on behalf of federal inmates.
Viola Davis She delivered a powerful speech at the Critics' Choice Awards Sunday.
Baton Rouge Elects Its First Black Woman Mayor Sharon Weston Broome says she will work to unify and heal the city plagued by racial tension.
Television Academy Elects First Black Chairman In 70-Year History Incoming chairman and CEO Hayma Washington vows to lead the Academy towards \a more inclusive future.\
Black Juror In Walter Scott Case Opens Up About Mistrial Dorsey Montgomery II spoke to Today about deliberations and the trial.
Second NFL Player Targeted By Stomach-Turning Racism Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall said he was \taken aback\ by the threatening, slur-filled letter.
Racists Break In, Vandalize NFL Player's Home With Swastikas, Epithets NFL fullback Nikita Whitlock had to cover up a swastika so his 6-year-old son wouldn\u2019t see it.
Marc Lamont Hill Compares Ben Carson's Qualifications To Ghostface Killah's \u201cBeing a neurosurgeon doesn\u2019t make you qualified to be the head of HUD.\
'Blue Lives' Don't Matter Because Blue Lives Don't Exist Blue lives (whatever the hell that means) and Black lives are not the same.
Lee Daniels The director got real about social issues and how they play into his new FOX show.
From 'Moonlight' To 'Fences,' Movie Awards Season Bursts With Color If the Oscars turn out to be \u201cso white\u201d again next year, it will not be for a lack of candidates.
The Audacity Of \u201cNope\u201d After the 2008 election of Barack H. Obama, the 44th President of the United States, it became customary for some to suggest
Van Jones Explains Why He'll Never Give Up On Trying To Reach Trump Voters \u201cWe have to have a more nuanced view of people.\u201d
Nick Cannon Explores Love In New Docu-Short \Love is a vibration. And when you feel it, you go with it.\u201d
9 Black Empowerment Anthems That Helped Define 2016 For.Us.By.Us.
Terri Lyne Carrington Certainly confident in her abilities, yet remarkably humble, three-time GRAMMY Award winner, Terri Lyne Carrington speaks
Family's Rapping Xmas Card Takes Hint From '90s Sitcoms \I wanted to show that we can have problems and come right back and love each other,\ the creator said.
South Carolina Judge Declares Mistrial In Walter Scott Shooting The jury deliberated over four days.
Black Lives Matter Activist Offers Advice On How To Talk About Race For all those who think they can't be racist because they have a black friend.
Republicans Are Your Friend Who Borrows Money To Pay Bills And Then Posts Vacation Pics Their core ideology is squarely in \f***boy\ territory.
The Media Rejects Black People, But Accepts Black Lingo Blacks should be compensated for their intellectual capital and creativity
Minorities Change doesn\u2019t happen without participation of the majority group.
Locker Room Talk Continues To Leave The Locker Room - Sports Reporter Goes On Racist, Sexist, Bigoted Rant 
How I Entered The World Of Natural Hair \We became a sisterhood bonded by a shared desire for liberation.\
Black Lives Matter. Now What? So we\u2019re woke\u2026 what happens next?
Mall Of America Will Host A Black Santa This Year For The First Time \Kids love Santa no matter what color you are,\ he says.
Want To Rewatch Your Favorite Black Films In Theaters? Now You Can. 'SouledOut Cinema' is a new venture that's bringing classic black films back to the big screen.
Rap And Feminism Am I a hypocrite for listening to music that is a product of the patriarchal society?
Working-Class Whites Still Have It A Whole Lot Better Than Their Black Counterparts More evidence Trump's win wasn't just about economics.
Former South Carolina Officer Defends Fatally Shooting Walter Scott \My mind was like spaghetti,\ Michael Slager said about the moments before he fatally shot Walter Scott.
Dear Fellow Christians... When you see something, yet say nothing, you\u2019ve said something.
Why I'm Perfectly Fine Being In Black Spaces Only Spare me the colorblind BS. I love Black people.
Patti LaBelle The legendary singer will perform in L.A. to mark World AIDS Day.
This Teen Survived Abuse, Homelessness To Become Inspirational Honor Student \u201cIt\u2019s unbelievable to say that I went through that. I see success. I see happiness and I see peace.\u201d
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Calls Out BBC For Trump Debate \Pitting me against a Trump supporter was not about balance.\
No, America Doesn't Need White Identity Movements There\u2019s a part of me that wants to have sympathy for white people who claim to want to celebrate their European heritage
Teen Who Killed Allegedly Abusive Dad Will Spend Holidays In Jail Awaiting Trial Advocates are calling for Bresha Meadows' release, citing the negative impact detention has on young people.
Angela Bassett Boards Marvel\u2019s 'Black Panther' \u201cAmerican Horror Story\u201d star Angela Bassett has joined Marvel\u2019s \u201cBlack Panther,\u201d playing the mother of the title character
Black Editors Discuss What Trump's America Means For Minorities \We can't lie to ourselves and say this is not going to be hard.\
BET Founder Bob Johnson Welp.
Brown Sugar Blaxploitation-Movie Subscription VOD Service Launches Can you dig it? Blaxploitation films have a new digital home. \u00a0 African-American network Bounce TV is jumping into the subscription
Pharrell The hitmaker discussed the historical relevance of \Hidden Figures\ during a recent roundtable discussion.
President-Elect Donald Trump's Hard Stance On Immigration Sparks A Nationalism Debate In Black America On the morning of Election Day, I found myself in Tijuana, Mexico on business. It was quite ironic to be there that day, particularly
'Drink Champs' Podcast Coming To Diddy\u2019s Revolt TV Network The blending of the TV and digital worlds continues. Sean \u201cDiddy\u201d Combs\u2019 Revolt TV is bringing hip-hop podcast \u201cDrink Champs
Attorney General Loretta Lynch Lynch's statement comes after a reported spike in hate crimes following the election.
Inmates Perform Mannequin Challenge Inside An Alabama Prison We don't know how they pulled this off.
LeBron James Donates $2.5 Million To Muhammad Ali Exhibit The funds will support the new National Museum of African American History in Washington, D.C.
Nick Cannon On Trump The entertainer had some choice words about the state of America now.
Arkansas School Board Member Under Fire For Wearing Racist Blackface Costume Some parents are calling on Ted Bonner to step down.
Trump-Loving Man Throws Tantrum At Black Starbucks Employee Over Coffee David Sanguesa claims he was \racially discriminated against.\
The Beautiful Struggle Against Racism My uncle blamed everything on the white man. Global warming? It was the white man. Drugs destroying the community? Blame
We Understand Struggle Illinois NAACP Finds Common Ground with the Standing Rock Sioux As police in riot gear closed in on the peaceful protesters
Black Lives Matter Leaders On Trump's Victory \In the face of this, our commitment remains the same
Please Don't Ask Black People To Empathize With Trump Supporters Not now. Not ever.
Police Officer Who Shot Philando Castile Charged With Manslaughter The officer fired seven times into the car Castile was driving with his girlfriend and her young daughter.
West Virginia Mayor, Official Lose Jobs Over Post Calling Michelle Obama \u2018Ape In Heels\u2019 (UPDATE) One woman made the disgusting comments, while the other said the posts \u201cmade [her] day.\u201d
Petition Declares 'Steve Bannon Has No Business In The White House' \u201cWe think the choice of Steve Bannon is a disaster.\
Comedian To Upset White People \Join the fun!\
Here's How To Support Minority Communities Right Now \We can\u2019t stand divided.\u201d
Hey Mama I hope I've made you proud.
To My White Friends Who Understand The Election's Impact On My Brown Children It is important for me as a mom, writer, advocate and human to thank my non-minority friends who understand the impact of
The Arc Of The Moral Universe Doesn\u2019t Bend Itself Emerging from our social doldrums will require deliberate, collective work.
Black Freshmen At University Of Pennsylvania Receive Racist Messages Depicting Lynchings Unknown senders targeted the students with racial slurs and hateful imagery, and their messages included references to President-elect Donald Trump.
University Of Oklahoma Student Suspended For Sending Racist Messages The messages included threats of lynchings to black freshman.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Nicholas M. Butler, the Nobel Prize-winning American philosopher, once said that optimism is the foundation of courage. Today
Watch Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Shut Down White Dude On What Racism Is \I'm sorry, but as a white man, you don't get to define what racism is.\
This Mannequin Challenge Shows The Chilling Reality We Live In Black lives matter, now more than ever.
D.L. Hughley \We have to accept who we are in order to evolve,\ the actor said.
Day 1 Everyone who called, sent texts, posted words of encouragement, opened spaces for conversation and dialogue, offered hugs
14 Hopeful Tweets From African Americans In The Wake Of Trump's Win \Mourn, gather, organize, repeat.\
Chelsea Handler Same, girl.
These 14 Mannequin Challenges Will Get You Through Election Day Anxiety *cues \Black Beatles\*
What One Chicago Activist Says She Expects From Her Next President First step
100-Year-Old Woman Casts Vote After Politicians Tried To Stop Her Grace Bell Hardison proudly rocked her \I Voted Today\ sticker.
Rep. John Lewis The Civil Rights hero and politician's important Election Day message.
Twitter Turned Election Day Into 'Obama Day' To Celebrate The First Family \u2764\ufe0f
These Black Women Also Deserve A Visit To Their Graves On Election Day Susan B. Anthony isn't the only woman who should be honored.
Taye Diggs Makes Surprise Last-Minute Endorsement For Peanuts Rock The Vote Franklin for president!
Chance The Rapper Leads Chicago Residents In A 'Parade To The Polls' He's doing his part to make sure people cast their votes.
Cop Who Killed Sam DuBose Was Wearing A Confederate Flag Shirt The shirt, which the officer wore under his uniform, was entered as evidence in the cop's trial on Friday.
This 107-Year-Old Granddaughter Of A Slave Is Ready To Cast Her Vote Donella Wilson says she's with Hillary Clinton.
Family Wants Answers After Photo Appears To Show Cop Posing Happily With Dead Body \They\u2019re supposed to be there to help and protect, not doing what he was doing with thumbs up and a smirk on his face.\
Solange Rocked Her First 'SNL' Performance Like The Queen She Is Beyonce and Mama Tina also attended the show to shower her with support.
Black Hollywood Issues Urgent PSA For Voters Of Color The video stars Meagan Good, Russell Simmons and others.
Pharrell \If you\u2019ve every been called a \u2018minority\u2019 ever in your life... go out and show everybody that you\u2019re actually really the majority.\
Vandals Write 'KKK' On Black Sheriff Candidate's Campaign Sign LeRoy McConico says he won't let the racist message deter him.
Hundreds Of HBCU Students March To The Polls To Urge People To Vote \u201cThere\u2019s not anything more powerful, as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. would say, than the marching feet of a determined people.\
Lupita Nyong'o Slays Performance Of Salt-N-Pepa\u2019s 'Whatta Man' She can do no wrong.
Alfre Woodard Explains '#WhyImWithHer' The actress voiced her support for Hillary Clinton in an Essence essay.
Dynamic New Video Urges Millennials To 'Vote For Black Futures' \We want them to vote towards a vision still being built.\
South Carolina Ex-Policeman's Murder Trial Opens With Jury Selection Michael Slager shot and killed Walter Scott last year.
Tribe Prepares To Keep Up Pipeline Protest Through North Dakota Winter \u201cThere are a lot of people who are committed to this who will stay,\u201d a tribal chairman said.
Donations Pour In For Black Church Burned, Vandalized With 'Vote Trump' Because love always wins.
Father Of Alfred Olango, Man Shot By Cops, Launches Police Reform Foundation Richard Olango said he started the foundation to honor his late son.
Founders Of Black Lives Matter Honored Among 'Glamour Women Of The Year' Simone Biles and Zendaya are also among this year's honorees.
Gabourey Sidibe And yes, that goes for everyone.
Fans Bring Noose-Wearing Obama Mask To Football Game, Sparking Outrage The University of Wisconsin said \free speech\ protected the act, though they asked the fan to remove the costume's \offensive parts.\
How To Avoid A Natural Hair Disaster At Salons One of the things that prompted me to go natural was a relaxer debacle at a hair salon in 2009. The hairdresser came highly
John Legend Pens Impassioned Response To NAACP Schools Resolution The singer cares deeply about education reform, but doesn't agree with the civil rights group on their charter schools stance.
Twitter Has Killed Off One Of The Biggest Platforms For Black Culture Whether in Ferguson or just down the block, Vine conferred real power on its black users.
Why Are Black People Expected To Support Every Black Filmmaker? Madea vs. Nat Turner.
Prince Rep Has 'No Knowledge' Of Jay Z's Reported $40 Million Offer For Artist's Unreleased Music TMZ reported early Wednesday that Jay Z met with Prince\u2019s sister Tyka in an effort to \u201csnap up all the unreleased Prince
Tim Kaine Gets Candid With Pusha T On Police Brutality And Racism The two discussed the most pressing issues at stake in this year\u2019s election.
DeRay On Voting For Hillary The prominent Black Lives Matter activist explained why he's with her this election season.
DMX Praises Cops Who Once Helped To Save His Life Proceeds from the event will go to a number of local service organizations
Hillary Clinton Taps Jay Z To Urge Young Black Americans To Vote The hip hop mogul will perform at a get-out-the-vote concert in Cleveland.
White Students Allegedly Pulled Noose Around Black High School Football Player The NAACP is demanding a federal hate crime probe.
Master P To Host Benefit Concert To Help Louisiana Flood Victims \u201cTogether we will entertain and give fans a great show but the real mission is to help get families back into their homes.\u201d
Man Praises 'Luke Cage' For Showing Black Men In Hoodies Aren't Threats \I am that new face of the black, tall, dark fellow in a hoodie.\
Amy Schumer Made A 'Formation' Parody And Twitter Wasn't Having It (Update) Twitter users decided to throw a #AmySchumerGottaGoParty.
A Year After The Assault At Spring Valley, One Student Turns Her Pain Into Progress \I am comfortable with people knowing I'm the girl who stood up,\ says Niya Kenny.
Careers in Cannabis | Public Relations 
A Global Inspiration \u201cYou belong here\u2026\u201d\u00a0Tears rolled down my cheeks during the opening scene from Disney\u2019s Queen of Katwe as coach and missionary
Singer Reveals \u2018Black Lives Matter\u2019 Shirt, Kneels During National Anthem The Miami Heat didn't know that Denasia Lawrence would protest during her big moment.
'Moonlight' Actor Mahershala Ali opens up on how the film was his \best\ career experience.
Emmett Till Sign In Mississippi Vandalized By Dozens Of Bullets In case you thought racism wasn't alive and well.
Ava DuVernay Hopes New Film Will Shed Harsh Light On Mass Incarceration The filmmaker wants her new documentary to create change in America\u2019s broken justice system.
Reporter Confronts White Man Who Calls Him The N-Word, Slave A Virginia man verbally harassed Steve Crump just 10 blocks from Mother Emanuel Church.
Netflix Releases Trailer For New Barack Obama Biopic On His College Days \u201cBarry\u201d will be available on Dec. 16.
How This Woman Is Helping To Bring Health Care Awareness To Ghana Nana Eyeson-Akiwowo wants to start a health movement across the continent.
This Cop Came To Slay With 'Formation' Choreography At A Pep Rally He didn't come to play with you \ud83d\ude4a
'Hairspray Live!\u2019 Director Hopes The Musical Will Bring Peace And Love Tony Award-winner Kenny Leon opens up on directing his second NBC live musical.
Gabrielle Union On Her Biggest Fear About Raising 'Privileged' Black Boys \I don\u2019t trust our neighbors to not see our teenage boys as children and not as threats to \u2018put down,\u2019 like an animal.\u201d
Citation Dropped Against Black Man Accused Of Walking In The Middle Of The Street The city's mayor said the officer was following protocol, but an investigation will take place nonetheless.
Black Ballerina Shares Inspiring Message About Being Yourself In Puma Ad Olivia Boisson can be seen dancing on the streets of NYC in new spot.
Mourners Gather To Remember The Life Of Keith Lamont Scott \u201cHe wasn\u2019t ready for us to bury him yet. He was a free-spirited, loving man.\u201d
Lil Jon Had To Tell Trump Why Calling Him An 'Uncle Tom' Was Not OK \He did stop using that term once we explained it's offensiveness,\ the rapper wrote.
Video Shows Black Man Being Arrested For Apparently Walking In Street The NAACP has since slammed the police officer's actions as \dehumanizing and degrading.\
HBCUs Changed How I View Educational Success Recently, my 12-year-old son told me that he wants to be a naval architect so we started researching colleges and universities
How A Black Barbershop Is Educating Its Customers About Civic Engagement \u201cThere's a lot of mistrust of systems with black men, particularly when you talk about government.\
Harry Belafonte Taps Influencers For Powerful Police Brutality PSA It features a list of notable figures, including Michael B. Jordan, Van Jones and more.
Senate Hopeful Wants To Woo Black Voters With \u2018Kool Aid, KFC And Watermelons\u2019 Bruh.
T.I. Takes A Jab At Floyd Mayweather's All Lives Matter Comment \This completely undermines & discredits the movements that fight for the plights of our people.\
Why Viola Davis Vows To Never Buy Her Daughter A Barbie Doll \I don\u2019t want her creating images of women who don\u2019t look like her.\
Black Woman Says Flight Attendant Didn't Believe She Was A Real Doctor An ill passenger suffered while her credentials were questioned, she says.
Tommy Ford Dead At 52 The actor was best known for his role on the hit 90's show \Martin.\
Talib Kweli The rapper shared his personal experience with guns, as well as America's collective obsession.
Nicki Minaj Wants Society To Stop Shaming Black Women's Bodies \It\u2019s quite pathetic and sad, but that is my reality.\
Theater Changes Rules After Getting Backlash For Firing Teen Over Dreadlocks The 16-year-old claims the company offered her the job, again, but she declined.
'Being Mary Jane' \u201dThe Following\u201d alum Michael Ealy has been cast in a lead role opposite Gabrielle Union on the upcoming fourth season of
Rhymefest Wants To Help Chicago Residents Combat Gun Violence The rapper is also initiating therapy sessions for the city's residents.
Solange And Beyonce Join Elite Group Of Siblings With No. 1 Albums As Solange\u2019s A Seat at the Table arrives at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart (dated Oct. 22), she helps achieve a unique
Ken Thompson, Brooklyn's First Black District Attorney, Dead At Age 50 Thompson died of complications from cancer, his office said on Sunday.
The 'Pipeline Problem' Is Just An Excuse For The Lack Of Diversity In Tech Establishing diversity really shouldn't be that hard.
Air Pollution Is Yet Another Issue That Disproportionately Impacts Minority And Low-Income Communities First responders are trained to give people immediate life-saving care and get people out of dangerous situations. When a
The Notorious B.I.G.'s Family Talks Managing His Life After Death When it comes to running the estate of her son, The Notorious B.I.G., Voletta Wallace has a simple formula. \u201cIf I see something
Grandma's Halloween Display Shows The Horrors Of America's Racism From police brutality to Flint's water crisis, the display highlights several social injustices.
Chance The Rapper \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
\u2018Empire\u2019 Cast Reveals What\u2019s At Stake For Black Community In New Hillary Clinton Ad \There\u2019s only one person in this race who said Black Lives Matter.\
How Issa Rae's 'Insecure' Validates, Expands On The Black Narrative She took cues from the best of black TV and weaved them into the show.
Mike Pence Used Keith Scott's Shooting To Feed A Flawed Claim About Policing A black cop fatally shooting a black civilian doesn't mean the criminal justice system isn\u2019t racist.
National Support Builds For Teen Accused Of Killing Abusive Father A petition calling for her release has reached almost 13,000 signatures.
Denzel Washington (Not The Actor) Accused Of Choking Aretha Franklin (Not The Singer) What are the chances?
Mike Colter Is OK With Use Of The N-Word On 'Luke Cage' The actor said it'd be \disingenuous\ to exclude the word from the Marvel show.
Investigation Underway For Fatal LAPD Shooting Of 18-Year-Old Black Man Carnell Snell Jr. was killed in the latest officer-involved shooting.
Harry Belafonte Is Really Concerned About Trump Supporters It's not The Donald, it's his supporters who scare him most.
Common Thinks It's Time To Rewrite The Narrative Of Black America The hip-hop artist illustrates a progressive path in his new album.
An Open Letter To Tim Burton From A Black Fangirl As a fan, I feel like you just pissed in my cereal, man.
Video Shows Carolina Cop Violently Arrest Black Man For Sitting On His Porch Greensboro Officer Travis Cole was stripped of his law enforcement credentials, but he escaped criminal charges.
For People Who Value Hip Hop But Not Black Lives To say that black lives matter creates inner dissonance, something not experienced with the distance of empathizing an experience over music. You love hip hop, so how can black lives not matter?
Activists Project Black Bodies On The Facades Of 'Racist' Institutions The #WeAreWatching project takes street art and activism to a new level.
Nate Parker Tells '60 Minutes' He Won't Apologize The \Birth of a Nation\ director said he was \vindicated\ of a sexual assault charge and doesn't feel guilty.
Common's Message For Politicians Who Keep Referencing Chicago's Gun Violence He said they use the issue to \u201cdistract\u201d from other problems like police brutality.
4 Striking Facts That Reveal How Black And White People View Police America's assessment of the police falls heavily along racial lines.
Pro-Trump Radio Host Says Obama Was 'Handed Everything' Because He's Black Howie Carr has stepped over the line -- again.
Jesse Williams Asks Cop Why Black Students Are Arrested At Such A High Rate The actor interviewed a school cop for the upcoming series \America Divided.\
Hillary Clinton Gives Mary J. Blige 'The 411' On How She'll Address Black Issues Clinton also suggests that Blige should sing during every interview.
What It Takes For A Poor Black Kid From Chicago To Earn A College Degree \We need people like Robert and Krishaun to win.\
Hillary Clinton Taps Pusha T For Voter Registration Drive The hip-hop artist lends his name to get out the vote.
Protests Grow Tense After Police Slaying Of Alfred Olango In California Protesters earlier in the day shouted \u201cmurder\u201d and demanded a federal investigation into the killing.
Minnesota Pushes Ahead With Probe Of Philando Castile's Shooting Death The county attorney said that he was weighing possible charges against the officer who killed Castile.
Mary J. Blige Is Tired Of All The 'Hateration' Over Her Apple Music Ad Mary J. Blige told us to STFU then deleted it. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Officer Involved In El Cajon Shooting Had Been Sued, Demoted For Sexual Harassment El Cajon Mayor Bill Wells identified one of the officers as Richard Gonsalves.
Black Man Killed By California Cop Dreamt Of Opening Family Restaurant \u201cHe had a lion\u2019s heart. He loved too much,\ his brother said.
New York City To Pay $5.75 Million To Settle Black Inmate Death Lawsuit Bradley Ballard, 39, was locked in his cell at Rikers Island and deprived of running water and sufficient insulin for his diabetes for six days leading up to his death on Sept. 11, 2013.
Student In Gorilla Mask Arrested After Disrupting Black Lives Matter Protest He reportedly showed up to the peaceful event with a Confederate flag symbol, rope and a bunch of bananas.
Sister Of Rape Victim Says Nate Parker Is 'Exploiting Her' In New Film She calls \The Birth of a Nation\ a \cruel insult to [her] sister's memory.\
Charlotte Protesters Demand Mayor's Resignation Over Keith Scott's Slaying \u201cIf you can\u2019t do your job, let\u2019s find someone who can.\
Vic Mensa Shares How His Clash With Police Moved Him To Vote The artist opened up about his experiences for Vevo's \Why I Vote\ series.
BLM Co-Founder On Why We Shouldn't Be Surprised By Racial Uprisings \u201cThe police are not taking accountability for the violence that they enact in our communities.\
Jesse Williams Has A Message For Americans Who Say They Aren't Voting \ud83d\udde3PSA for those who say their vote doesn't matter.
Police Fatally Shoot Black Man In San Diego Suburb, Sparking Protests The man later died after being taken to the hospital.
Beyonc\u00e9 Gives Flawless Tribute To Shawty Lo During Atlanta Tour Stop Bey Know!
Fantasia And Her Huband Respond To 'All Lives Matter' Concert Critics Many fans have expressed their disapproval over the event\u2019s usage of \u201cAll Lives Matter\u201d in its title.
Two NFL Archrivals Demonstrate Together With Pre-Game Unity Circle \We wanted to send a message loud and clear that unity is probably the best way to make a change,\ said Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan.
Singer And Producer Kashif Has Died Singer and producer, Kashif Saleem, known as simply Kashif, has passed away. He was 56.
Alton Sterling's Family Demands Action From Baton Rouge Officials \It's just another dead black man on the street to y'all!\ Sterling's aunt said.
Why Laila Ali Doesn't Post About Black Lives Matter On Facebook \u201cBy me not posting, it doesn\u2019t mean that black lives don\u2019t matter.\
Anthony Hamilton On The Biggest Way Black People Can Help Effect Change \There is an ugly underground culture in this country full of those who feel that people of color are inferior.\
Colin Kaepernick Calls High School Team's Die-In Protest Courageous He urged the young men to lift each other up and recognize their own strength.
Civil Rights Museum Rejects Donald Trump's VIP Visit Request Co-founder says Trump team was \bullying us to use the museum in their manner.\
Laila Ali Commends Colin Kaepernick The former boxer remembers another black athlete activist who history remembers as a hero
Hundreds Remember The Life Of Terence Crutcher At Funeral Service The funeral service came one day after Betty Shelby was booked on a first degree manslaughter charge
Lupita Nyong'o Needs A Record Deal After Rapping Over This Nas Classic Mixtape on the way?
Jay Ellis On How 'Insecure' Will Reshape The Perception Of Black America \u201cI wanted to find a way to change the conversation about black men in this country. Because we\u2019re just like anybody else at the end of the day.\u201d
Charlotte Protesters Converge On NFL Game The protests continue a day after police released video from the killing of Keith Scott.
Tensions Remain High In Charlotte As Protesters And Police Surround NFL Game Police released some footage on Saturday that shows an officer fatally shooting Keith Lamont Scott.
Here\u2019s What Charlotte Protesters Want You To Know About Racism \We need our 1776,\ one protester said.
Charlotte Police To Release Videos Of Fatal Shooting Of Black Man Police Chief claims film shows Keith Lamont Scott \absolutely was in possession of a handgun.\u201d
Obama Says New Black History Museum Tells Story Of America \u201cThis national museum helps to tell a richer and fuller story of who we are,\u201d
Charlotte Police Release Partial Shooting Video, Say Keith Scott 'Absolutely' Had Gun The disturbing footage shows the moment the Charlotte, North Carolina, man falls to the ground.
The Oppression and Mass Execution of African-American Men will Cripple America The not guilty verdict and acquittal of all charges against George Zimmerman in the case of Trayvon Martin, the decision
Charlotte, NC And Presidential Politics We will have wait and see what difference, if any, candidate Hillary Clinton visit to Charlotte will make on the issues recited by Reverend Barber and the repeated pleas by the Black Lives Matter Movement for the conscience of America to stop the  police killings of  black men.
Keith Scott's Family Demands Charlotte Police Release Shooting Video Relatives of the man killed by police in North Carolina pleaded for calm after two nights of unrest.
U.S. Police Killings Reminiscent Of Lynching, UN Group Says The criticism comes at a time of renewed racial tension in the U.S.
Nina Turner Quotes James Baldwin To Sum Up The Anger Among Black Protesters \u201cTo be a negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.\
This Black Protester Powerfully Speaks Out Against Injustice On Live TV \u201cBlack people get shot every day, right?\u201d
Terence Crutcher's Family Raises More Than $120K In One Day All proceeds from the fundraiser will benefit Crutcher's four children.
Steve Harvey Shares Sobering Instructions For Interacting With Cops The TV host got real about what to do when pulled over.
Charlotte Police Chief Says Don't Expect To See Video Of Keith Scott Shooting Scott's family has requested to see footage of his killing.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Have Been Killing A Civilian About Every 2 Months Keith Lamont Scott was the sixth civilian fatally shot by the North Carolina department's officers since September 2015.
Cops Had No Justification For Killing Terence Crutcher, Family Lawyers Say \u201cHe is not threatening to anyone,\u201d lawyer Benjamin Crump said.
Atlanta Rapper Shawty Lo Killed In Fiery Crash After initially describing the crash as a hit-and-run, \u201cit has been confirmed now that it was a single car accident,\ police said.
Protesters Rally, Clash With Cops After Fatal Police Shooting In Charlotte About a dozen officers and several protesters suffered non-life threatening injuries during an hours-long demonstration.
If You're Mad About Kaepernick And Silent About Cops Killing Black Lives, Do Better The glaring silence shows, in some ways, that these folks never really cared about the safety of black lives.
In The Midst Of A Career Resurgence, Leslie Uggams Shares Her Love of New York City Leslie Uggams, who became a household name portraying Kizzy Kinte Reynolds in Alex Haley\u2019s landmark 1977 miniseries \u201cRoots
Marshawn Lynch Says He'd Rather See Kaepernick Protest Than Get Killed The former NFL player also said he hopes people \open their eyes\ to the country's issues.
Video Shows Middle School Students Chanting Racial Slur On Bus School administrators are hoping to turn it into a \teachable moment.\
The Daddy-Daughter Hair Video Is The Joy We Need To See Right Now Everyone needs a cheerleader like little Linda.
Ohio Police Chief \I am so sick and drained of some cops doing things like this.\
Common Shares His 'Supreme Love To Black Women' With Mini-Documentary \As a woman and being black is a whole \u2018nother level of endurance and struggle.\u201d
Terence Crutcher's Family Seeks Criminal Charges \u201cWithout a doubt we believe this was an unjustified shooting that should not have happened.\u201d
'The Wire' Creator David Simon Has The Worst Excuse For Using The N-Word Just don't.
The Emmys Joke That Summed Up Hollywood's Inclusion Problem We still have a lot of work to do.
Young Barack Obama Film \u2018Barry\u2019 Sells To Netflix Netflix has landed worldwide rights to Barry, the Vikram Gandhi-directed film that drew high praise at the Toronto Film Festival
Teen Was Fleeing Police When Fatally Shot, Forensic Report Finds Tyre King, 13, was shot multiple times after he pulled a BB gun from his waistband, police said.
Black Trump Surrogates Black Trump surrogates are victims of their need to belong, to want to seem reasonable, and not bound in some way to their legacy of slavery and racial injustice.
Netflix Orders 'She's Gotta Have It' Spike Lee Series Based On His Landmark Movie Thirty years after Spike Lee burst into the American indie scene with the 1986\u2019s \u201cShe\u2019s Gotta Have It,\u201d the filmmaker is
Cory Booker Doesn't Agree With Kaepernick's Action, But Supports His Message The New Jersey senator compared the quarterback to Muhammad Ali.
Black Church To Host Meeting, March In Honor Of Slain Teen Tyre King Columbus Mayor Andrew Ginther and Police Chief Kim Jacobs will answer questions \to facilitate healthy dialogue during a painful community tragedy.\
Grandmaster Flash On Netflix's 'The Get Down' A crime-riddled, trash adorned and disco-infused Big Apple serves as the backdrop for the many stories told in \u201cThe Get Down
Sandra Bland's Family Gets $1.9M In Wrongful Death Settlement The settlement also includes several changes to Waller County jails.
Jay Z Calls The War On Drugs An 'Epic Fail' That Targets Black Americans \Kids at dorms in Columbia, where rates of marijuana use are equal to or worse than those in the hood, are never targeted or ticketed.\
Ohio Teen With BB Gun Killed By Police Following Reported Armed Robbery Authorities are searching for other suspects and the incident remains under investigation.
Lupita Nyong'o Covers Vogue, Shares Her Passion To Amplify African Stories The star of \Queen of Katwe\ knows her success makes an impact.
The Gazebo Where Tamir Rice Was Killed To Be Displayed At Museum \[The gazebo] is one of the strongest national symbols of the current era of civil rights and police brutality,\ an attorney for the family said.
Chance The Rapper Teams Up With NAACP For #StayWokeAndVote Campaign #staywokeandvote
Man With White Supremacist Ties Faces Hate Crime Charges In Black Teen\u2019s Death \I don't know how anyone can dehumanize a life to a point where they just want to eradicate it because of color,\ Larnell Bruce's father said.
A Patriotic Neighbor Just as I was sitting down to watch NFL football this past Sunday (actually, the national anthem was about to start), I heard
Lil' Wayne Doesn't See Racism But Profits From It Maybe Lil\u2019 Wayne can\u2019t see racism because he suffers from a different type of privilege, wealth privilege.
'Birth Of A Nation' Stars Make A Case For The Film Despite Controversy \This movie is a rebellion,\ said star Aunjanue Ellis.
Lil Wayne Really Just Said There's No Such Thing As Racism Bruh.
University Of Oregon Strips Klan-Linked Name From Dormitory The university\u2019s Black Students Task Force had sought the name\u2019s removal in November 2015 following the Mizzou protests.
\u2018Black-ish\u2019 Creator Accused Of Stealing Show Idea In $1M+ Lawsuit Just two days after inking an overall feature films deal at 20th Century Fox, Black-ish creator Kenya Barris was hit with
Diddy Tops Forbes \u2018Cash Kings\u2019 List Once Again For the second year in a row, Sean \u201cDiddy\u201d Combs has hit the top of the Forbes 2016 \u201cCash Kings\u201d List, raking in $62 million
Fox Lands Black Superhero Drama From Salim And Mara Brock Akil Fox may soon be adding another DC Comics character to its roster. The network has given a pilot production commitment to
Beyonc\u00e9 Stops Her Show For Dance Captain's Surprise Proposal He liked it, so he put a ring on it \ud83d\udc81\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc8d
What The Freddie Gray Case Has Shown Us The case of Freddie Gray has shown us our contradictions, in black and white, and has held them up for all of us to see.
Remembering \9/11\ 
Here's What Airbnb Is Doing To Fix Its Discrimination Problem The company has created a new policy after months of complaints from its black users.
The Weeknd Says Racial Politics Are 'Very Hard To Ignore' As An Artist The singer says it's become more and more difficult to separate music from politics.
Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Dead He helped organize protests in the wake of Michael Brown's death.
BLM Protest At London Airport Calls Out Environmental Inequality Protesters held signs that read \climate crisis is a racist crisis\ as they occupied the runway.
Finally, 'Atlanta' and 'Queen Sugar' Deliver What TV's Been Missing Creators Ava DuVernay and Donald Glover deserve all the glory for their powerful portrayals of black southern life.
Soledad O'Brien Calls Out Media For 'Normalizing White Supremacy' \u201cI\u2019ve seen on-air, white supremacists being interviewed because they are Trump delegates.\u201d
Why Rutina Wesley's 'Queen Sugar' Character Is So Important To Her The actress said her black female character is \fully-fleshed out.\
Ex-Deputy At Spring Valley High School Won't Face Criminal Charges He was seen in a video flipping the girl from her chair to the floor and hurling her across a classroom before arresting her.
Diddy Says Black Community Got 'Shortchanged' By Obama Administration \u201cI feel like we put President Obama in the White House, and when I look back I just wanted more done for my people.\
Chicago Artists Unite To Condemn Gun Violence In Their City \Our mission is to introduce progressive change and positivity to the community, turning pain into purpose.\u201d
Kanye West Under Fire For 'Multiracial Women Only' Casting Call West tweeted the call for models for his upcoming NYFW show.
Conversation With Cobi And Mogul Kevin Liles About Police Brutality It is very important to highlight that \u2018Black Lives Matter\u2019 because this is what we are going through right now.
Historic Opportunity For The 45th President Of The United States We are simply proposing that something dramatic be done to break the cycle of cynicism about race and race relations in America today.
I Cannot Take Gabrielle Union's Op-Ed On Nate Parker Lightly As a fellow survivor, I respect the courage that it takes for any survivor to speak out against sexual assault. And while I agree with Union's stance that there needs to be more discussion on what exactly constitutes \affirmative consent\, I find myself troubled by her opinion piece.
Kerry Washington Developing Female LAPD Drama \u2018Patrol\u2019 At ABC ABC is developing a new drama with one of the networks most trusted stars, Kerry Washington.
'Queen Sugar' Cast On Ava DuVernay\u2019s Push For Women Directors \u201cI didn\u2019t really understand why this was so shocking in 2016.\u201d
Chicago Had Its Deadliest Month In Nearly 20 Years \u2014 And The Community Says It's Being Ignored Residents in the city's hard-hit areas say City Hall and the police aren't listening.
Frank Ocean's Mom Just Dropped A Sunscreen For People With Melanin UnSun is a tinted, all natural option for people of color.
13 Hilariously Unscripted Throwback Beyonc\u00e9 Moments Long before she became immortal.
My Hair Was A Stranger To Me Soon, it registered to me it took more time styling my wigs than my own hair. There were times I was emotional and cried
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Condemns Gun Violence In The Wake Of Cousin's Death Natasha Hays was in her home sleeping when she was fatally shot.
The Teaser For Michel\u2019le's Biopic On 'Surviving Compton' Is Intense The upcoming Lifetime film will chronicle the singer's abusive relationship with Dr. Dre.
John Lewis Crowd-Surfs On 'The Late Show,' And It's Truly Uplifting Ride that wave, Congressman
Spike Lee Says Kaepernick\u2019s Protest Is Similar To That Of Ali It's \the same way Muhammad Ali refused to fight in the Vietnam War.\
Colin Kaepernick Has Actually Been Protesting The Police For Weeks You knew about his national anthem sitdown, but you never saw his socks.
Tia Mowry Reveals One Of Her Biggest Concerns As A Black Parent \It\u2019s hard to face that reality,\u201d she said.
Gladys Knight Sues To Remove Name From Chicken And Waffle Restaurant Soul music legend Gladys Knight is asking a judge to remove her name and likeness from her son\u2019s troubled chicken and waffle
It Turns Out Trump Isn\u2019t Speaking To Black Churchgoers In Detroit Are you surprised?
Paul Robeson Powerfully Breaks Down What It Means To Be Black In 1960 \I'm an American who is infinitely prouder to be of African descent.\
Top Cop Calls For Firing 5 Chicago Police Involved In Laquan McDonald Slaying The city's inspector general had originally recommended 10 officers be fired.
All Black Athletes Should Be Sitting For The National Anthem There\u2019s a movement happening and it should be a moment of collective pride If you are black in North America today and privileged
Tina Lawson Supports Colin Kaepernick's 'Brave' Act Of Protest \Here is a man that is taking a non violent stand to bring attention to this horrible problem.\
Willow And Jaden Smith Talk 'Crazy' Sibling Dynamic And What Their Parents Did Right Will Smith may not know it, but his kids definitely think he\u2019s cool.\u00a0 Willow and Jaden Smith gush about the Suicide Squad
Of Course Rudy Giuliani Hated Beyonce's VMA Performance Well that's predictable.
Rapper Rhymefest Says Cops Ignored Him After Being Robbed At Gunpoint \I felt like I\u2019d gotten robbed twice that day.\
11 Valuable Lessons To Help Women Of Color Thrive In The Workplace \Trying to be a man is a waste of a woman.\
Jerry Rice Rebukes Colin Kaepernick The former football player trotted out the flawed argument on Twitter.
Two Chicago Brothers On Parole Charged In Murder Of Nykea Aldridge Darwin Sorrells Jr., 26, and Derren Sorrells, 22, are facing charges of first-degree murder and attempted murder.
How Donald Trump Appeals To Bigots By Pandering To Black Voters Trump's approach to African-Americans just reinforces racist stereotypes.
22 Afropunk Festival-Goers Exemplify The Beautiful Diversity Of Blackness The festival provided a space for music lovers to truly be themselves.
Dwight Howard On Helping To Empower And Educate Girls In East Africa The NBA star hopes his efforts will change lives forever.
Parker Sawyers Almost Lost Out On Playing Obama In 'Southside With You' His Obama impression was so presidential that he had to scale it back to land the role.
Emmett Till, 61 Years Later Emmett Till was killed before he could marry or have children, but writer Bernice McFadden \u2015 author of 14 books including
Common Stresses The Importance Of Giving Back To HBCUs The artist is helping raise $250,000 in scholarships for students.
Carmelo Anthony Wears 'Melo' Bathrobe To The Store Because He Can Not that anyone would notice.
What Portraying Michelle Obama Taught Tika Sumpter About Empowerment Sumpter stars as FLOTUS in a new film that chronicles Barack Obama's first date with Michelle.
Inside Broadway With Deborah Joy Winans \u201cDeborah Joy knew from birth that she was going to be an actress,\u201d gospel music superstar BeBe Winans proclaimed about his
Franchesca Ramsey Breaks Down 5 Very Bad Excuses For Slavery \Newsflash
'Black-ish' Actress Marsai Martin To Star In New Civil Rights Film American Girl also launched a new doll based on Marsai's character!
Harry Belafonte Creates Social Justice Festival With 'Many Rivers To Cross' The event is billed as the \u201clargest music and arts festival dedicated to racial and social justice.\u201d
This School Network Is Recruiting Its Own Graduates To Diversify Its Teaching Force \u201cI was literally the only senior of color who was graduating (from college) as an education major.\u201d
Questlove Lends His Musical Expertise To Help Reshape Pandora The musical genius is coming to streaming radio.
Tyler Perry Is Really Over Being Asked About His New Mostly White Cast 'People are people,' the director told TMZ.
Rejoice! There's A James Baldwin Documentary Coming Soon 'I Am Not Your Negro' is based on notes for a book about race he never got to finish.
16 Rare Postcards Written By Malcolm X Could Be Yours These handwritten messages will be auctioned off to the highest bidder on Aug. 25.
Jennifer Holliday To Join Cast Of 'The Color Purple' Jennifer Holliday, the actress who won a Tony Award for her blistering performance as Effie White in the original production
10-Year-Old Has Nightmares After He Says Cops Pointed A Gun At Him Patisha Solomon said her son is lucky to be alive after being chased by Newark police officers.
Russell Simmons Says 'Hollywood Is Segregated,' And It's 'Costing Money' \u201cI\u2019ve never seen any place like it,\ he said.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Commends Michael Jordan For Discussing Police Violence The former Lakers star is \happy\ to see Jordan speak out publicly.
John Legend Is Helping To Amplify The Voices Of Inmates And Their Families The Grammy Award winner wants to help the communities of color who are \being crushed\ by the system that's in place.
This Group Is Making It Easier For Black People To Travel Nomadness wants to create unique travel experiences for people of color.
Mike Pence LOL'd At Trump's Absurd Claim To Win Black Voters We're laughing along with you, Mike. \ud83d\ude02
'GMA' Host Apologizes For Actually Saying 'Colored People' In 2016 Amy Robach says she really meant to say \people of color.\
Tyra Banks To Teach M.B.A. Course At Stanford University Tyra Banks is going from slaying the runway to slaying the classroom. The supermodel is teaming up with Stanford University
Tina Knowles Donates To Louisiana Flood Victims, Urges Others To Do The Same Knowles adds to the growing list of notable names contributing to the state's relief efforts.
What It's Like To Lose Your Natural Hair To Chemotherapy Just as the hair on my head started to grow back, I lost all of my lashes and eyebrows. Eyelash/brow hair loss is another
5 Ways To Insure You Won't Become A Hair Hostage At Your Next Appointment There are a number of complaints when it comes to African American salons; however, the biggest issue is the sense of being
Hurricane Katrina Survivors Relive Familiar Nightmare In Baton Rouge The recent flooding in southern Louisiana has brought back horrific memories for some residents.
Man Allegedly Stabs Interracial Couple While They Kiss Cops say he told them he was helping them fight Black Lives Matter.
Displaced Louisiana Resident Critiques Scant National Media Coverage Of Floods \u201cYou see celebrities getting more coverage than we are right now.\
Olympian Proudly Says 'Black Girls Rock' As She Accepts Gold Medal You can say that again, girl!
Paul O'Neal, Teen Shot By Chicago Cops, Suffered Gunshot Wound To His Back His death has been ruled a homicide, the autopsy report said.
Simone Biles Did What Any Of Us Would've Done When She Saw A Bee This is the cutest thing ever.
'Hero Mom' From Baltimore Riots Loses Home To Fire Toya Graham, who smacked her son for participating in the Freddie Gray riots, is now trying to raise money.
LeBron James Took 5,000 Kids To A Theme Park In The Name Of Education It was part of his \I Promise\ education initiative.
Calls For Calm, Curfew Bring Quieter Night After Milwaukee Riots Peaceful demonstrations in the Sherman Park area where Syville Smith died turned into violent protests on Saturday and Sunday nights
Vanderbilt University Is Sending $1.2 Million Back To A Donor To Drop 'Confederate' Inscription \It spoke to a past of racial segregation, slavery, and the terrible conflict over the unrealized high ideals of our nation and our university.\
Dispute Over Martin Luther King Jr.'s Nobel Medal Has Been Settled The dispute would have pitted King\u2019s two sons against his surviving daughter, who were at odds over whether to sell the medal.
Displaced Baton Rouge Residents Say Devastating Floods Are A Wakeup Call Residents of an area beset by months of natural disasters, racial tension and civil unrest say they're hopeful for unity.
Empowering Photo Series Is A Necessary Love Letter To Black Men The \We Love You\ project is a powerful response to police brutality.
Wendell Pierce 'Lost Everything' In Louisiana Flooding \u201cI don\u2019t know what I\u2019m going to do.\
Bishop Eddie Long On Weight Loss Honey biscuits and spicy \chicken wangs\ were his \weakness,\ according to the Georgia pastor.
Milwaukee Declares Curfew After Violent Protests Over Police Shooting Police rescued one shooting victim. An officer was also injured when a rock smashed a patrol car windshield.
Sylville Smith's Father Blames Himself For Being 'Wrong Role Model' Milwaukee authorities imposed a curfew to ward off a third night of unrest.
Philando Castile's Family Asks DOJ To Investigate His Death The family's lawyer wants to investigate whether he was\nracially profiled.
Simone Manuel Hopes Her Win Will Help Bring About Racial Equality The Olympic gold medalist says her victory is not just for her.
Simone Manuel's Olympic Win Is Huge Considering Swimming's Racist Past Black people weren't always welcomed in pools.
Here's What Nate Parker Wants Christians To Take Away From 'Birth Of A Nation' \'If Christ was here, how would he react to the misuse and misrepresentation of his name and his actions,\u2019\u201d he said.
Antoine Fuqua In Talks To Direct 'Scarface' For Universal Antoine Fuqua\u2019s Western The Magnificent Seven is set to open the upcoming Toronto International Film Festival, and the director
The Weeknd Is Helping BLM Combat Police Violence With $250K Donation \Enough is enough.\
Breathtaking Poem Imagines An 'Alternate Heaven For Black Boys' \Paradise is a world where everything is a sanctuary and nothing is a gun.\
Mychal Denzel Smith Shares The Fears Of Every Young Black Man The author appeared on \The Daily Show\ to discuss his new book.
Teen Girl Accused Of Killing Abusive Father Flooded With Letters Of Support Her mom calls her a hero, but Bresha Meadows is charged with aggravated murder.
15 Viola Davis Quotes That Remind Us She's The Ultimate Truth-Teller 1. \You can't be hesitant about who you are.\
This Dallas Rap Group Released A Powerful Ode To Black Lives Matter \There\u2019s something wrong going on right now, and it needs to be addressed,\u201d said Cameron McCloud.
New Law Mandates Students Learn What To Do During A Traffic Stop The Illinois law is aimed at preventing a situation from escalating when teens are pulled over by police.
Richard Sherman's Dad \It\u2019s not to say that we don\u2019t care about black lives...\
MLK's Daughter Is 'Disgusted' By Trump's Assassination Comment Violence is not a joke.
Tyler Perry Offers To Pay Funeral Expenses For Twins Left In Hot Car Entertainer Tyler Perry has offered to pay for the funeral for twin girls who died inside a hot car in Carrollton last week
Killer Mike Urges Michael Jordan To Drop Air Jordan Profits Into A Black-Owned Bank Killer Mike\u2019s push for black people\u2014athletes and entertainers included\u2014to move their money into black-owned banks continues
Virginia Cop Convicted In Death Of Black Teen William Chapman II Stephen Rankin was charged with first-degree murder and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony in the April 2015 death of William Chapman II.
'Black-ish' Creator Is Sick Of Talking About Diversity On TV Kenya Barris explains why the topic is simply \ridiculous.\
8-Year-Old Started A Baking Company To Buy His Mom A House Jalen Bailey said he just wants to make his mom happy.
Slavery Reparations Sought In First Black Lives Matter Agenda This is the first time these black-led organizations linked to the decentralized Black Lives Matter movement have banded together to write a comprehensive foundational policy platform.
South African Politician Proclaims A 'Non-Racial' Era After Vote Wins Mmusi Maimane isn't liked by many ANC members who say he is a puppet of a white elitist movement.
Call Issued To Reopen Unsolved Murder Of Louisville Civil Rights Pioneer Louisville police said they were reviewing a request to reopen the 51-year-old unsolved murder of Alberta Jones, a civil rights pioneer who once represented boxer Muhammad Ali.
Keanu, Tiger, Bruce And Salma Racial categories are social constructs.
The Struggles Of Being Black And Muslim 
Chicago Police May Have Violated Policy In Fatal Shooting \u201cI was concerned by some of the things that I saw on the videos.\
Neighbor Accused Of Torching Black Firefighter's Home The firefighter received a racist, threatening note days before the attack.
Celebrities Stand Up Against Systemic Racism And Police Brutality With #SomedayIsToday The hymn \u201cWe Shall Overcome\u201d is a staple for providing inspiration and hope within our community.
George Zimmerman Says He Was Punched For Talking About Trayvon Martin Shooting Witnesses told police he was bragging about killing the unarmed teenager.
South Africa's ANC Faces Worst Election Losses Since Apartheid The ANC was still leading in the overall count in the nationwide municipal vote, with 95 percent of ballots counted.
Ava DuVernay Is The First African-American Woman To Direct A $100 Million Film Award-winning director Ava DuVernay will be the first African-American woman to head a live-action feature film with a budget
Philadelphia Mom On Losing A Son To Gun Violence In Her Own Community \Do away with the toy guns. Do away with the cap guns because it goes from cap guns to toy guns to real guns.\
'NCIS' Producer Developing Live-Action Series About African Female Warriors NCIS producer Charles F. Johnson has teamed with French producer-director-writer Joy Fleury and producer Karen Gordy to develop
Two L.A. Policemen Who Shot Dead Unarmed Black Man Sue City For Racial Discrimination Officers Sharlton Wampler and Antonio Villegas killed Ezell Ford, 25, during a confrontation. They have not yet been charged, according to the Los Angeles Times. Ford was described by family attorneys as mentally challenged.
Firefighter Loses Home To Fire Days After He Receives Racist Threat An anonymous note told him to resign or he would \regret it.\
Olympian Allyson Felix Says Strong Black Women Have Helped Her Carry On After a year of adversity, the track star is returning to the Olympic Games in Rio.
DeRay McKesson Sues Baton Rouge Police Over Protest Arrests DeRay and nearly 200 activists were protesting the July 5 shooting of Alton Sterling.
New Website Allows White People To Offer 'Reparations' Directly To People Of Color One Louisiana native just wanted some books. A mother from Oklahoma simply wanted some help to buy a new laptop battery.
Ava DuVernay's 'Queen Sugar' Renewed For Second Season At OWN Ahead of its series premiere, the Oprah Winfrey Network has renewed its new original series \u201cQueen Sugar\u201d for a second season
David Oyelowo On The Negative Effects Of Misrepresentation In Film Well said.
Serena Williams Can't Stop Twerking, And She'll Teach You How \Everyone at some point should do a twerk.\
Critics See Efforts By Counties And Towns To Purge Minority Voters From Rolls When the deputy sheriff\u2019s patrol cruiser pulled up beside him as he walked down Broad Street at sunset last August, Martee
A Tribe Called Quest\u2019s Phife Dawg Will Have A Street Named After Him Months after the tragic death of Phife Dawg, Okayplayer has received news that the legendary A Tribe Called Quest co-founder
Taye Diggs' Heartbreaking Poem Confronts The Effects Of Police Violence On Children So powerful.
Frank Ocean Is Finally Dropping His Album This Week FINALLY!
This Man Transformed A Bar Into A Safe Haven For Philly's Youth Strawberry Mansion Learning Center is more than an after-school center.
How The Fight To Convict Baltimore Cops In Freddie Gray's Death Fell Apart A conviction was a long shot, legal experts say.
Kentucky Jail Sends Black Woman To Court With No Pants. This Judge Won't Have It. \What the hell is going on?\ Judge Amber Wolf demanded.
Notorious B.I.G. Scripted Comedy In The Works At TBS TBS is looking to Notorious B.I.G. for its next scripted series. The Turner-owned cable network announced Thursday that it
17 Of The Most Inspiring Tweets From The 'Black Women Did That' Hashtag From Henrietta Lacks to Gabby Douglas
HuffPost Journalists Nominated For Prominent Awards By NABJ, NAHJ This is exciting news!
Spelman Rape Victim Says School President Failed On Promise To Meet With Her The account @RapedAtSpelman described how the school responded to the rape report by asking the student what she was wearing.
Questlove Accurate.
What Happens When A White Officer Shoots A Black Man, But No One Releases A Video When a white officer launched seven bullets into a black man outside a housing project here early this month, there were
Black Influencers Express Outrage Over Dropped Freddie Gray Charges \The system we allow has failed him.\
Black Celebs Call Out Police Brutality In Compelling New Video Series Ava DuVernay, Ryan Coogler and David Oyelowo are among the many black influencers featured in the \u201cMy Life Matters\ series.
Carmelo Anthony Hosts 'Honest' Dialogue Between Cops And Black Youth The athlete also weighed in on Michael Jordan's recent letter on police shootings.
New York City Has A Plan To Keep Black Kids In School And Out Of Jail Mayor Bill de Blasio is trying to help end the school-to-prison pipeline.
Charges Dropped Against Remaining Officers In Freddie Gray Case \As a prosecutor, I must consider the dismal likelihood of conviction at this point.\
Dr. Dre Cited On Gun Charge Following Driveway Encounter Dr. Dre has been cited after a man says the rapper pointed a handgun at him.
'Mothers Of The Movement' Trust Hillary Clinton To End Gun Violence In This Country The seven mothers of black men, women and children will make a case for Clinton at Tuesday night's DNC.
Nick Cannon Let Loose In New 'Access Hollywood' Interview The \America's Got Talent\ host had choice words on Monday morning for BLM critics and the presidential process.
Holly Robinson Peete \The therapist with arms raised was shot and thankfully not fatally. But WHY???!!!\
Iowa Football Player Mistaken For Bank Robber While Playing Pok\u00e9mon Go Faith Ekakitie wrote in a Facebook post that he's \thankful to be alive.\
Ben Vereen On His Decision To Promote Arts Education At The DNC \u201cWe need our creative thinking people in politics, in corporations to think on the up, rather than the down.\u201d
There Is A Shortage Of Male Teachers Of Color. NYC Is Working To Fix That. New York City wants to get 1,000 more men of color in classrooms over the next few years.
Dear Conservative America \If this sounds far fetched to you, it is.\
Being Natural Is Not Appropriate \I don\u2019t want young girls growing up thinking that they are not beautiful because of what their hair looks like.\
Jailer Testifies He Falsified Jail Log In Sandra Bland Case, Lawyer Says The lawyer for Sandra Bland\u2019s mother said a former Waller County Jail guard told him under oath that he falsified entries
Cop 'Accidentally' Shot Mental Health Therapist Charles Kinsey Trying To Protect Him, Police Union Leader Says The officer misjudged the threat and shot the wrong person, the Miami-Dade union boss said.
Breaion King's Arrest Reminds Us Black Women Face Police Brutality, Too We need to always remember to #SayHerName.
Amandla Stenberg To Star In Film Adaptation Of 'Everything Everything' Rising actors Amandla Stenberg and Nick Robinson will star in \u201cEverything Everything,\u201d MGM and Alloy Entertainment\u2019s adaptation
If The Miami Shooting Doesn't Prove America Has A Problem, What Will? We have to confront the fact that cops sometimes shoot people for absolutely no reason.
Ava DuVernay's Prison Doc To Open New York Film Festival Ava DuVernay\u2019s film \u201cThe 13th\u201d is set to open the New York Film Festival.
Daveed Diggs Of \u2018Hamilton\u2019 Joins \u2018Black-ish\u2019 Family In Season 3 When the third season of \u201cBlack-ish\u201d arrives, the Johnson family will expand. Fresh from the Broadway smash \u201cHamilton,\u201d Daveed
Baton Rouge\u2019s Mayor Seems Convinced His Cops Aren\u2019t Racist A history of claims against the police department would beg to differ.
Baltimore Police Lieutenant Acquitted In Freddie Gray Death Brian Rice, 42, is the highest-ranking officer charged in Gray\u2019s death from a broken neck suffered in a police transport van.
'Being Mary Jane' Producer Shares 'Paranoia' Over His Son's Safety In an open letter, Salim Akil shared his concerns for his 12-year-old as a black parent in America.
Slain Baton Rouge Cop Wrote Heartbroken Letter On Race Relations Just Weeks Before Death Montrell Jackson's emotional Facebook post urged people to not \let hate infect your heart.\
Micah Johnson Was Not Who You Think He Was. But You Know Him Well. In the pantheon of American assassins, there was nothing unusual about Micah Xavier Johnson.
The Silence Of African Leaders To The Oppression Of Black People The past few weeks have been mentally depressing and draining due to the recent killings of black men at the hands of law
Woman From Iconic BLM Photo \u201cI\u2019m human,\ Ieshia Evans told CBS' Gayle King.
Eric Garner's Daughter Says ABC News Silenced Her During Race Symposium With Obama Erica Garner walked out of the town hall taping in protest.
Black Parents In Baton Rouge On How They're Talking To Kids About Police Brutality \u201cNo matter what you do or what you say,  you\u2019ll probably never be right so what you can do is listen.\
Cop Who Shot Atlanta Driver 'Had No Idea Who Was In The Vehicle,' Police Say The Atlanta Police Department fired Officer James Burns earlier this month.
Alton Sterling's Funeral Evokes Powerful Calls For Police Reform \There is no substitute for justice,\ said Rev. Jesse Jackson.
Shopkeeper Sues Baton Rouge Police In Aftermath Of Alton Sterling's Death Triple S Food Mart owner Abdullah Muflahi sued two officers involved in the shooting, two officers investigating it, the chief of police and the city.
Teyonah Parris Calls On White Americans To Join The Fight For Racial Justice \u201cYour voice matters just like ours, but obviously we are stronger together,\u201d the actress said.
Lynn Whitfield The actress talked about the \American dilemma\ of police brutality during a recent AOL Build.
DL Hughley Hughley had a heated debate with Megyn Kelly on the death of Philando Castile.
The Clever Way Starbucks Customers Are Insisting 'Black Lives Matter' Is Heard By any means, right?
Baton Rouge Protester Schools Fox News Reporter About Police Violence \Y'all mitigate everything and you spin everything from your perspective.\
Black Twitter Countered Tragedy With These 6 Uplifting Hashtags These are guaranteed to bring you some #BlackJoy.
Canadian Vocal Group Condemns Member For Changing National Anthem Lyric To 'All Lives Matter' A rogue member of the quartet altered a line of \O Canada\ to include the phrase.
Activist Stands Where Alton Sterling Was Shot To Call For Black Unity \We must embrace our struggles.\
Common Praises Black Women's Leadership At Hip-Hop Honors \u201cBlack women, we see you. We love you.\
Dallas Doctor Says Treating Wounded Cops 'Doesn't Mean That I Do Not Fear' Them \u201cAll this violence, all this hatred, all these disagreements, it impacts us all, whether you realize it or not.\
White, Teen Boy Interrogates His Own Privilege In Passionate Poem \Dear everyone who isn\u2019t a middle or upper class white boy, I\u2019m sorry.\
Pawn Shop Burglary Linked To 'Threat' Against Baton Rouge Police July 12 (Reuters) - A burglary of firearms from a Baton Rouge pawn shop has been linked to a threat against police officers
Mother Wounded In Dallas Sniper Attack Thanks 'Hero' Cops \I'm thankful for the police because they had no regard for their life and protected us.\
Parents Of Dallas Shooter Say Son Became 'Hermit' After Military Service \I love my son with all my heart, I hate what he did.\
Kansas Cop Fired After Threatening 5-Year-Old Girl On Facebook \Hold her close tonight,\ the officer wrote on the girl's mother's Facebook page. \It'll be the last time.\
Philando Castile's Mom Makes A Plea For Peaceful Protests \u201cWhen demonstrations become violent, it disrespects my son and his memory.\
Michelle Obama Recognizes Rap Queens At VH1 Hip Hop Honors All hail the queens. \ud83d\udc51
Atlanta Police Applauded For 'Exemplary' Behavior During Massive Protest America, take note.
These Captivating Photos Show Kids Fighting For A Better Future They made their presence known at Black Lives Matter protests everywhere.
Off-Duty Cop Kills Home Intruder Who Posted Online Threats, Police Say \It\u2019s very likely that this is a mental, an emotional crisis he was going through.\
13 Tweets Explain The Deadly Impact White Privilege Has On Black People \#WhitePrivilegeMeans always getting the benefit of the doubt.\
21 Tweets That Show Why Saying 'All Lives Matter' Is Bulls**t These tweets prove that all lives actually don't matter in America.
Hundreds Donate To Baton Rouge Fund To Help Bail Out Protesters More than 100 people were arrested Saturday night protesting Alton Sterling's killing.
Dallas Police Chief Says Gunman Plotted Larger Assault \u201cWe\u2019re convinced that this suspect had other plans,\u201d said Dallas Police Chief David Brown.
Protesters Flood Streets Around U.S After Week Of Bloodshed Dozens of arrests were made across cities everywhere.
DeRay McKesson Released After Arrest In Baton Rouge Black Lives Matter Protest \u201cI\u2019m under arrest, y\u2019all,\ he told viewers on Periscope as police forcefully took him into custody.
Cuba Gooding Jr. Says He Cried After Hearing Of Dallas Officer's Death Patrick Zamarripa posted a Twitter photo with the actor in February.
Peaceful Protest In St. Paul Turns Chaotic With Arrests, Injuries Protesters shut down a major freeway for nearly five hours.
Rudy Giuliani Says Black Parents Need To Teach Their Children To Respect Police Victim-blaming at its finest.
Dallas Shootings Deal Black Police Officers A Double Heartbreak \My heart has been totally torn out of my chest by both violence perpetrated on officers and violence perpetrated by officers.\
Black Lives And Police Integrity Depend On Police Joining The Cause For Reform No fixed reality surrounds us \u2013 we create it every day.
Leslie Odom Jr. Dedicates Last 'Hamilton' Show To Gun Violence Victims \For me, today is for Alton, & his children, & the struggle. For Orlando, & Philando, & the slain officers in Dallas.\
Baton Rouge Cop Points Assault Weapon At HuffPost Reporter, Protesters \u201cAn officer just pointed a machine gun at me,\u201d a HuffPost reporter said as he captured the moment on camera.
Comic W. Kamau Bell 
The 21st Century's \Fierce Urgency Of Now\ For the Black community to respect and trust police in their communities, they have to overcome the unavoidable historical presumption that police disrespect them and will preemptively elect to shoot them first in seeking an arrest. Police lives will matter when police actively show and indicate that Black Lives are as important as white lives.
Beyonc\u00e9 Calls For Calm After Dallas \u201cTo effect change we must show love in the face of hate and peace in the face of violence.\u201d
Protests Over Police Violence Spread Around U.S. The marches come after a week of tragedy
Police In Baton Rouge Face Off With Protesters Demanding Justice For Alton Sterling The confrontation comes after a week of peaceful demonstrations in the city sparked by an officer killing a 37-year-old father of five.
Protesters March In Cities Across The U.S. In Opposition To Police Violence \u201cNo justice, no peace, no racist police.\u201d
Black Leaders, Activists Speak Out In Wake Of Dallas Shooting \Together we can work to heal America.\
Powerful Photos Show Dallas Cop Protecting A Man From Gunfire \That guy was calm, controlled and very professional.\
Bahamas Issues U.S. Travel Advisory, Warning Citizens To Be Wary Of Cops \Young males are asked to exercise extreme caution.\
Even In Dallas, You Can Be Pro-Cop And Believe Black Lives Matter Despite deep divisions, people are starting to realize the terms aren't mutually exclusive.
Man Shows Up With Gun At Alton Sterling Memorial A young white man decided to practice his Second Amendment rights at the site where Sterling was killed.
Black Lives Matter Co-Founder \We are not anti police. We are anti-our-people-being-murdered-in-the-streets.\
Mother Of Alton Sterling's Oldest Son Doesn't Blame All Police Quinyetta McMillon said her boy isn't afraid of the cops either.
Mark Hughes Had A Right To Bear Arms. That Shouldn't Rob Him Of His Innocence. The death threats against him must stop.
People Around The Nation Protest The Deaths Of Alton Sterling, Philando Castile People gathered from New York to L.A.
Don Lemon Says 'Yes, Sir' To Cops Because He Wants To 'Stay Alive' \As accomplished as I am ... I have to do that because I don't want to be shot.\
Tyrese Gibson Calls On A 'Good' Cop To Talk About The Latest Violence \We have families to go home to. We do take our jobs seriously.\
A Dallas Cop Saved This Man's Life As 'The War Began' Lynn Mays says a police officer pushed him out of harm\u2019s way just as the shooting started.
These Posts Reveal The Terrible Double Standard Of How We Handle Black Death Wake up, people!
No, We Are Not In The Midst Of A Race War Calling this a 'Race War' implies only one side should win.
Trevor Noah \You shouldn't have to choose between the police and the citizens that they are sworn to protect.\
Shetamia Taylor, Civilian Injured At Dallas Protest, Was Shot While Shielding Her Son The mom of four sons was reportedly injured while trying to keep her boys safe.
Jay Z The music mogul dropped a new song and statement Thursday night.
Diamond Reynolds Nails What's Wrong With Media Coverage Of Philando Castile \I\u2019ve already made my statement. I don\u2019t want to keep reliving this moment.\
Kerry Washington Encourages Americans To Stand Up And Say \u2018I Matter\u2019 \The violence must stop. We must do better.\
Halle Berry Asks The Question Mothers Of Black Sons Are Thinking \I beg you to act NOW. Let us be heard.\
What White People Should Know In The Aftermath Of Police Brutality There are so many ways to be an ally
Queen Latifah The actress said this week's traumatic news is impossible for her ignore.
Friends And Family Remember Alton Sterling As The Most Generous Man In The Neighborhood \u201cYou\u2019re not going to hear one bad thing about that man out here.\u201d
Protester Says Society Failed Alton Sterling Long Before He Was Killed Sterling\u2019s predicament illustrates the difficulty of reintegrating into society and finding a job after incarceration, he said.
Solange Tweets Heartbreaking Messages From Black Parents \u201cI can count 5 parents in the last 3 hours who have text me and said my child just asked me \u201cAm I Going To Die!?\u201d
Philando Castile's Girlfriend Breaks Down In New Facebook Video \He was crying, they took my phone and threw it. They had machine guns pointed at my back.\u201d
Philando Castile's Mom Says She Still Hasn't Seen Her Son's Body \I just wanted to know where my son was because I didn\u2019t want my son to die alone,\ Valerie Castile said.
Radio Host Berates Cops For Silence After Alton Sterling Killing \That\u2019s the reason the public thinks all of you are bad, because you won\u2019t ever call someone out.\
Black Officer Has Powerful Message For Racist Cops \u201cIf you are white and you\u2019re working in a black community and you are racist, you need to be ashamed of yourself,\u201d says officer Nakia Jones.
Photos Show St. Paul's Passionate Response To Philando Castile Shooting Members of the community have gathered to protest the police shooting of the 32-year-old.
Larry Wilmore The host also addressed pundits who claim \all lives matter.\
Beyonc\u00e9 The artist posted a powerful statement urging fans to \take a stand and demand that they 'stop killing us.'\
NBA Player Says Alton Sterling Was 'Not A Guy Who Would Use Violence' Glen Davis once met Sterling and is now speaking out about his death.
Baton Rouge NAACP Calls On Police Chief, Mayor To Resign After Alton Sterling Shooting \The individuals involved in his murder took away a man with children who depended upon their daddy on a daily basis.\
Gabby Douglas On Pushing The Limits And Going For Gold The Olympic gold medalist is set to defend her all-around title at Rio 2016.
Jay Ellis Discusses The Plight Behind Africa\u2019s Child Sex Slavery Shown In \u2018Like Cotton Twines\u2019 \Like Cotton Twines,\\u00a0directed and written by Leila Djansi, takes you on a trip to Ghana to catch a glimpse of what life
Janelle Monae \u201cI\u2019m so f**king irate right now but clear minded and moved enough to continue to speak out...\
Alton Sterling Protesters Remind You What America Keeps Forgetting \Black Lives Matter\ is still an issue because \All Lives Matter\ isn't a reality.
Louisiana Protesters And Activists Demand Justice For Alton Sterling \No justice, no peace.\
Daniel Craig And Halle Berry's LA Riots Movie Could Be A Disaster Why is a white man the protagonist in a story about racism against black people?
'Orange Is The New Black' Fans Furious At Star Danielle Brooks' Treatment In Airport \Ew casual racism??? Go off girl.\
All Black Female Comedy Show To Fundraise For Black Lives Matter \Sisters of Comedy\ will donate some proceeds to Jasmine Abdullah Richards.
Nia Long The actress opened up about being accepted into the Academy and the 25th anniversary of \u2018Boyz n the Hood.\
Middle Schooler Paralyzed By Stray Bullet Gives Inspiring Graduation Speech \I won today,\ said 14-year-old boss Tayloni Mazyck.
L.A. Reid And Clive Davis To Produce Jennifer Hudson\u2019s Next Album According to Rap-Up, the Chicago native has just signed to Epic Records. L.A. Reid, current CEO and Chairman of the label
'Blade Runner' Sequel Adds Barkhad Abdi To Cast Barkhad Abdi, who earned an Academy Award nomination for his screen debut in 2013\u2019s \Captain Phillips,\ is the latest actor
Usher To Sell His 'Don\u2019t Trump America' Shirt For A Good Cause The singer has partnered with Teespring to sell the shirt for only one week.
DMX Delivers Powerful Prayer During \u2018Breakfast Club\u2019 Interview The rapper's latest prayer will take you to church and back.
VH1 Orders Live Late-Night Talk Show Hosted By Marc Lamont Hill VH1 is throwing its hat in the late-night space. The Viacom-owned cable network has handed out a series order for a live
Nate Parker To Receive Sundance Institute's Vanguard Award Seven months after taking Sundance 2016 by storm, Nate Parker will receive the Sundance Institute's Vanguard Award.
Ice Cube, John Legend, And New Edition To Receive Stars On Hollywood Walk Of Fame New stars will be added to the world famous Hollywood Walk of Fame next year.
Activist DeRay Mckesson To Join New Baltimore Schools Cabinet Civil rights activist and former Baltimore mayoral candidate\u00a0DeRay Mckesson will return to his old stamping grounds at city
Jesse Jackson Slams Dish Network's Decision To Drop WGN America As Discriminatory Reverend Jesse L. Jackson called for Dish Network to put Tribune Broadcasting stations and WGN America back on the air, referencing
'Maya Angelou \Maya Angelou
'Orange Is The New Black's' Danielle Brooks On Powerful Season 4 The devastating ending to season four of \Orange Is the New Black\\u00a0shattered hearts over the loss of Poussey Washington, and
Samuel L. Jackson Highlights His Journey To Fame In Inspring Speech The actor was awarded the Lifetime  Achievement Award at the 16th Annual BET Awards.
John Boyega To Star In Film Based On Detroit Race Riots Announced earlier this year, Kathryn Bigelow will direct, as well as produce with Mark Boal and Annapurna\u2019s Megan Ellison
Watch Janelle Monae Give The Prince Tribute We've Been Waiting For With additional tributes from Maxwell, Erykah Badu and Sheila E., this year's BET Awards didn't disappoint.
Is This Black Parenting Magazine Racist? One magazine for all cultures is not acceptable.
This Is What Happened When I Wore My Natural Hair in Africa 'It is extremely rare to see a woman in Burkina Faso elect to wear her hair natural.'
It's Time To Put These Myths About The Civil War To Rest \The Civil War was absolutely about slavery.\
RZA Partners With Atari For New Album Inspired By Game Music RZA is adding another bullet point to his lengthy resume with a new partnership with Atari, Billboard can exclusively report
Chicago City Hall Often Fights To Keep Files Secret In Police Abuse Suits Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration routinely fights turning over information in federal civil rights lawsuits against Chicago
Stevie Wonder Joins BET Awards Prince Tribute As Network Also Plans Salute To Muhammad Ali At Wednesday night\u2019s PRE, the annual kickoff to the BET Awards, host and BET chairman/CEO Debra Lee teased that the June
Issa Rae's 'Insecure' Teaser Trailer Finally Dropped, And It's Lit The new series from creator of \u2018Awkward Black Girl\u2019 debuts on HBO this fall.
Photos From Season 3 Premiere Of Starz\u2019s 'Power' Last night, Blackfilm.com attended the premiere to the upcoming third season of Starz\u2019s hit series Power, which moves to
Television Academy Sues To Block Sale Of Whitney Houston's Emmy The Television Academy is suing to stop Whitney Houston's heirs from selling her Emmy statuette because the sale would tarnish
Kendrick Lamar Continues His Stance On Gang Violence With Latest Reebok Collection Kendrick Lamar continues to champion unity in his new collaboration with Reebok. The Grammy-award winning rapper teamed up
Vivica A. Fox Slams Donald Trump, Says 'I'm With Her' \He wants to take America backwards.\
The Trailer For Ava DuVernay's New Show 'Queen Sugar' Is Everything The \Selma\ director is teaming up with Oprah for her first ever TV series.
'American Crime' Creator John Ridley Tackles Sexual Assault On Campuses \We felt like what we were doing was strong and that we were going to go into something and have maybe a bit of a predisposition
Kevin Hart Producing Universal\u2019s Action-Comedy 'Run The Jewels' Universal is developing the action-comedy \u201cRun the Jewels\u201d and has set up the movie project with Kevin Hart at his Hartbeat
Rev. Run's 'Spiritual' Experience Of Speaking About The Risk Of Diabetes \u201cAs a spiritual man, I believe it was my time to start speaking about health,\ said Rev. Run.
Jesse Williams Set To Be Honored With Humanitarian Award At The 2016 BET Awards While Jesse Williams deserves plenty of praise for his role as Dr. Jackson Avery on Grey's Anatomy, it's his work away from
Gabrielle Union Talks Success, Self-Love With Young Black Filmmakers At the American Black Film Festival, the actress gave advice to future movie makers.
They Dared To Register Blacks To Vote, And The KKK Killed Them A former Klansman is serving what amounts to a life sentence, but one of the most infamous murder cases of the civil rights
How 'Orange Is the New Black' Tackled Black Lives Matter in Season 4 \Orange Is the New Black\\u00a0closed its fourth season with its most shocking ending to date.
Big Sean Donates $25K Towards Student Homelessness The rapper continues to aid the youth in his home state of Michigan.
P.M. Dawn Rapper Prince Be Dies At 46 This year continues to take its awful toll on the music world.
How Black Communities Could Better Help Sickle Cell Patients African-Americans are disproportionately affected by sickle cell, but not enough are signing up for clinical trials to help.
25 Important Life Lessons I Learned From My Father 1. He taught me that education is everything, and that if I wanted to achieve anything in life, I could.
Will Black America Really Answer The Call For Young Men? 
These Photos Show Why You Should Celebrate Juneteenth It's America's second Independence Day, and it's lit.
Rev. Run On Being A TV Dad \u201cMe being a family man, being a husband, being a father comes naturally.\
22 People Share The Invaluable Lessons Their Dad Has Taught Them Happy Father's Day!
A Year After The Charleston Massacre, The Only Thing Gone From South Carolina's Racism Is A Flag \We can\u2019t talk about healing until we really talk about the underlying racial issues.\
What We've Failed To Learn About Mass Shootings Fueled By Hate One year after the Charleston shooting, America still hasn't faced its demons.
A Year After A Coward Killed The Charleston 9, Bible Study Continues \I forgive the guy for doing what he did, but he took away [my family]. That's something I'll never get over.\
Anika Noni Rose Set To Produce And Star In Shirley Chisholm Film A film about Shirley Chisholm, the first African-American woman elected to the United States Congress, is currently in development
Orlando Massacre Survivor Patience Carter recalls the horrific scene from inside Pulse Nightclub.
Beyonc\u00e9's Fans Raise More Than $80K For Flint Water Crisis Relief Queen Bey shares her \Halo\ with the city of Flint.
Johnson Publishing Sells Ebony, Jet Magazines To Texas Firm After a 71-year run in Chicago, Johnson Publishing is getting out of publishing. The company said Tuesday it has sold Ebony
Michelle Obama \As all mothers do, you breathe that sigh of relief that you didn\u2019t mess up your kids.\
Officer Testifies Van Driver Left Detainee Freddie Gray Unattended One officer testified that the driver of the van was not around after he drove Gray to the police station.
Common Wants To Bring \u2018Peace\u2019 And \u2018Hope\u2019 To Chicago Through New Initiative \u201cIt\u2019s important that the community, we take our own destiny in our hands and start figuring out programs and things that we can do,\u201d he said.
Twitter Users Get Real About What It's Like Growing Up With Brown Skin \Being stopped by security in stores just for 'looking suspicious' when I was a teenager.  #GrowingUpWithBrownSkin\
To Fathers Everywhere When Leah and I were headed to the movies recently, I asked her who her favorite hero was. Waiting to hear the usual superhero response, Leah laughed and said, \You're my favorite hero, daddy! Because you've always saved the day.\ I smiled.
30 Interracial Couples Show Why Their Love Matters Love is love.
Thousands Gather In Louisville To Pay Final Respects To Muhammad Ali Thousands of people gathered today in Louisville, Kentucky, to pay their final respects toMuhammad Ali, chanting the boxing
Muhammad Ali's Funeral Marks World's Final Goodbye To 'The Greatest' Ali was a \a loud and proud and unabashedly black voice in a Jim Crow world.\u201d
Muhammad Ali's Family Blasts 'Deplorable' Scalpers For Selling Free Tickets To Memorial Service Muhammad Ali's family has blasted scalpers who are profiting off free tickets to the boxer's memorial service in his hometown
Prosecutor Pins Freddie Gray's Death On Baltimore Officer's 'Rough Ride' It was the first time that prosecutor's accused the officer's of the \rough ride.\
Idris Elba Discusses His Return To 'Visceral' 'Luther' Never mind James Bond. Idris Elba, long rumored as a contender to slip on the iconic 007 agent's tuxedo, already has a sharp
Acclaimed 'Aladdin' Star James Monroe Iglehart Talks About Life Beyond The Tony Awards During an interview with Karu F. Daniels, Tony Award winner James Monroe Iglehart offer unknown insights about acting when
Hamilton's Daveed Diggs Offers Unknown Insights About His Life And Broadway's Biggest Show During an interview with Karu F. Daniels, Tony Award nominated Hamilton star Daveed Diggs\u00a0 offers unknown insights about
Jesse Williams Has A Gif For Every Situation In Hilarious 'Funny Or Die' Video \That feeling when your mom throws out your GameBoy.\
These Pics Prove Kanye Loves Ice Cream As Much As He Loves Himself Happy birthday, Kanye!
November Trial Set For Charleston Church Shooter Dylan Roof The judge said up to 1,500 people from across South Carolina could be called as possible jurors for the federal trial.
108-Year-Old Grandson Of A Slave Shares Touching Moment With Obama Lester Townsend never thought he'd live to meet the first black U.S. president.
How One Trip To Africa Forever Changed Harry Belafonte's Life The actor shared his personal journey after being honored with an award for his humanitarianism.
How One Community Of Churchgoers And Former Convicts Is Fighting For Flint There is perhaps no city in the United States that knows what it means to fight and struggle for survival quite like Flint
25 Years Later, Queen Latifah Talks Spike Lee's 'Jungle Fever' The year was June 7, 1991 and on that day, director Spike Lee had released his latest film, \u2018Jungle Fever,\u2019 which was his
Netflix Adds Eddie Murphy To Roster For Fake Documentary Netflix is negotiating for Soul Soul Soul
Tracee Ellis Ross And Anthony Anderson To Host The 2016 BET Awards The comedic chemistry between on-screen husband and wife, Anthony Anderson and Tracee Ellis Ross is undeniable. That's why
Woman With Dwarfism Perfectly Explains Why Being Different Is A Gift \If you've always had to fight, then you know how to fight and you know how to survive.\
Laila Ali Opens Up Laila Ali reflects on her father's legacy in a recent interview.
Young Black Boys Channel Their Inner Ali In Awesome Tribute Video Because of Ali, we can.
Miss USA 2016 Crown Goes To D.C. Army Reserve Officer Deshauna Barber \u201cAs a woman in the United States Army, I think \u2026 we are just as tough as men. Gender does not limit us\u201d
Watch Muhammad Ali Pull The Greatest Prank On Unsuspecting School Kids These kids can't even.
Your Mama 
Kipp Academy Embraced My Son and his Autism 
MUHAMMAD ALI Muhammad Ali was more than just a boxing champion. He was man for all seasons, poignantly remembered as he lit the flame on July 19th, 1996 for the Summer the Olympic Games showing the evident impact and progress of his Parkinson's disease.
The Outsized Life of Muhammad Ali What a loss to suffer, even if for years you knew it was coming.
Muhammad Ali's Daughter \No one has ever seen anything like it.\
Watch Muhammad Ali Explain Why He Feels More Free In Africa Than The U.S. The documentary \Soul Power\ sheds light on Ali's time in Zaire in 1974.
This Is How Muhammad Ali Wanted To Be Remembered Ali once shared a recipe for life that he upheld in every way.
8 Iconic Black Men Reflect On Muhammad Ali's Incomparable Influence From POTUS to Prince, these great men have all praised the Greatest in ways that show the power of representation.
Prince Barely Kept His Cool The First Time He Met Muhammad Ali \He could have said, 'mow the lawn,' and I would have been down with it.\
Rare Photos Show Muhammad Ali's Charisma Outside The Ring Muhammad Ali was a magical man.
The Greatest -- Muhammad Ali --  Dies at 74 Ali, who died Friday at 74, is regarded as one of the greatest boxers in history, even though his career was interrupted for more than three years. At his peak, powerful figures in government, media, and sports inflicted great hardship on the boxer-turned-activist for following his religious and political convictions.
Ali Will Always Be the Greatest--Despite Everything The Greatest is gone. And when I heard that my mind instantly raced back to 1968. Muhammad Ali by then had become America's official and biggest pariah.
Float Like a Butterfly, Ali (1942-2016) Legends never die. Especially ones that were born with wings. From its inception, the monarch butterfly generally takes about four weeks to get its wings. From the day Muhammad Ali was born on January 17, 1942, until the day he made his transition on June 3, 2016, he floated.
Ali, 1981 For I don't know how long, Muhammad Ali had been no more than an inch behind me and only me, rubbing his fingers by my ear making an insect sound. Then he put up his dukes.
\I Float Like A Butterfly, Sting Like A Bee\ Muhammad Ali Dies at 74 In his eyes he saw himself as the greatest boxer to ever live and that he was. Muhammad Ali was a Boxer, Philanthropist, Activist, Husband, and a father.
Of Butterflies and Bees Nothing in Ali's monumental life was given to him. He earned it all. He earned his titles. He earned our respect. Now, like butterflies and bees that have soared in the heat of the day, he has earned his rest.
Maxwell And Omari Hardwick Sizzle On July Covers Of Essence Summer just got even hotter!\u00a0 Our annual men\u2019s issue is here, and we\u2019re featuring not one, but two cuties on the cover of
Jamie Foxx\u2019s \u2018White Famous\u2019 Gets Showtime Pilot Order Jamie Foxx could be returning to TV, with Showtime giving a pilot order to \u201cWhite Famous\u201d from Foxx and \u201cCalifornication
Steve Harvey Signs Tamar Braxton For Talk Show Tamar Braxton is still going to keep it real. \u00a0 A week-and-a-half after being shockingly fired from talk show \The Real,\ the
Michelle Obama FLOTUS delivered an epic and inspiring commencement speech on Friday.
Jerrod Carmichael Discusses Bill Cosby Episode Of 'The Carmichael Show' \The Bill Cosby episode was the same as when we did the protest episode, when we did the kale episode, we did all these things
Zulu Nation Changes Position, Sides With Afrika Bambaataa's Accusers In New Statement The Universal Zulu Nation is changing positions after previously attacking claims from hip-hop icon Afrika Bambaataa's alleged
American Black Film Festival Announces 2016 Film Lineup The American Black Film Festival (ABFF) announced the lineup of over 25 narrative features, web originals, short films and
DeRay Mckesson Has Blocked 19,000 Haters 'One At A Time' Twitter trolls have bombarded Mckesson with death threats and racist messages
A Question Of Racism \u201cYou lie!\u201d The words cut through the air as President Obama, not eight months into his first term, laid out his signature
Man Beaten And Held In Closet By East Cleveland Police Gets $22 Million Arnold Black was beaten so severely by police he suffered memory loss and required brain surgery, according to his attorney.
Cynthia Bailey Confirms She And Peter Thomas Are Separated Following a tense season of The Real Housewives of Atlanta for her marriage of nearly six years to Peter Thomas, Cynthia
Mary J. Blige Enlists Kanye West For New Collaborative Album Mary J. Blige is reportedly cooking up a new album slated for release later this summer. The Queen of Hip-Hop Soul is said
This Poem Annihilates Anyone Who Says 'Pretty For A Dark Skin Girl' No. We are just pretty, full stop.
TV Host Rolonda Watts Talks New Novel And Rumored Romances \Dr. Drew\ contributor and the voice of \Divorce Court,\ TV host Rolonda Watts talks about her new novel \Destiny Lingers
Stacey Dash On Abuse, Addiction And Her Near Abortion These days, Stacey Dash is known for stirring up controversy when it comes to her conservative political views.
Stevie Wonder Loves Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s \u2018Lemonade,\u2019 Except For One Thing Songs in the Key of Bey!
This Poem About Sandra Bland Is A Powerful Reminder To 'Say Her Name' \I've wished death on myself many times but it was never my idea.\
Federal Prosecutors Won't Bring Charges Against Officers In Jamar Clark Shooting By Kristoffer Tigue MINNEAPOLIS (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors said on Wednesday they would not bring charges against two
Introducing HuffPost\u2019s \u2018My Natural Hair Journey\u2019 Blog Series Do you embrace your beautiful, natural hair? We want to hear your story.
Tyler Perry Talks 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' In speaking exclusively with Blackfilm.com, Perry talks about doing this film, having fun, Madea\u2019s comeback and his TV shows
LeVar Burton \That's simply a reality.\
Troy Ave Faces Court Over Deadly Shooting At Irving Plaza Troy Ave has reportedly pleaded not guilty to attempted murder charges connected with a shooting last week at a hip-hop concert
T.I. Shares Why He Was Initially Hesitant To Join 'Roots' Remake \u201cI will admit that I was one of the ones to say, \u2018Man, I don\u2019t know if that needs to be remade.\u2019\
'Roots' Star Anika Noni Rose On Why We Need Slave Stories \We have to tell the truth.\
Rapper Troy Ave Arrested In Shooting At NYC Concert That Killed One The shooting started Wednesday night as an argument broke out between rival groups associated with Troy Ave and rapper Maino, according to reports.
'Roots' Remake To Highlight Strong Black Female Narratives Star Malachi Kirby said the actors in the miniseries were \adamant\ about portraying black female resilience.
\u2018Eclipsed\u2019 Production Duo On Breaking Through Broadway\u2019s Glass Ceiling \No white producer would\u2019ve brought \u2018Eclipsed\u2019 to Broadway unless Lupita went to them and said \u2018Please, let\u2019s go with it,\u2019\u201d said producer Stephen Byrd.
Differently-Abled Hip-Hop Artists Remind Us That Rap Has No Limits \I'm proud of being myself, and I make people happy.\
This Poet's Chilling Take On Black Death Is Heartbreakingly True \In a country that wishes your children buried, you do not wish a child on your children.\
Meet The Black Woman Who Is Making Political History In Kentucky Attica Scott's historical win is significant for so many reasons.
Ohio Deputies Caught Using Racist Language To Discuss Trayvon Martin Deputies were ordered to take sensitivity training after the secret recording of their crude comments surfaced.
This Teen SLAYED Prom With Her 'Coming To America' Themed Gown \She's your QUUUUEEEENNNN-TO-BE-EEEE!!!\
VH1's Hip Hop Honors Returns, Focusing On The Ladies It's been six years, but VH1's Hip Hop Honors is returning to celebrate pioneers of the genre, and this time it's ladies
10 Things You May Not Know About Me The Tony and Grammy Award winning Broadway veteran dishes to Karu F. Daniels\u00a0 about The Color Purple, behind-the-scenes of
BET Taps Will Packer, Erica Shelton Kodish To Take Over 'Being Mary Jane' BET has set a new leadership team for \Being Mary Jane.\ The cable network's flagship drama, thrown a bit of a curveball
Nas Talks 'Ghostbusters'-Inspired Lines And Sartorial Heroes At Friday night's Italia Independent x Ghostbusters event in New York City (May 20), drinks with names like \Who You Gonna
Tamar Braxton Leaving 'The Real' To Concentrate On Solo Career Tamar Braxton will not be returning to \The Real\ for the hour-long talk show's third season.
This Project Powerfully Captures The Wonders Of Black Joy The Black Joy Project is elevating depictions of happiness, one picture at a time.
Drake, Beyonc\u00e9 And Rihanna Lead 2016 BET Awards Nominations Drake handily leads the list of nominees for the 2016 BET Awards with nine nods. Tying for second place are Beyonc\u00e9 , last
Anthony Mackie Discusses Being Truthful To MLK's Legacy For 'All The Way' Role \u201cI didn\u2019t want to put on prosthetics and a fat suit, because I feel like that would\u2019ve been disrespectful to the legacy of Dr. King.\u201d
He Was An Inmate. Now He's A Ph.D., And He Wants To Pay It Forward. For many former convicts, punishment extends far beyond the time they spent in prison.
Valedictorian Dismissed From Walking At Graduation Due To His Beard Andrew Jones said he was turned away from his graduation for his facial hair, despite wearing it throughout the year.
Group Of Black Bernie Supporters Distributes Water To Newark Schools Drinking water at the schools had been contaminated with lead.
Mack Wilds Plays A Crooked Cop In The New Fox Drama 'Shots Fired' The relationship between law enforcement and African-Americans in the United States has been a volatile for years, and with
Texas Grand Jury Does Not Indict Officer Who Fatally Shot Naked Teen Austin police officer Geoffrey Freeman was not indicted for the fatal shooting of 17-year-old David Joseph.
How Hillary Clinton Plans To Help Women Of Color Policy Advisor Maya Harris says Clinton\u2019s plans \u201cwould make a real difference in the lives of many women of color.\u201d
Comedian Quincy Jones Plans To 'Burn The Light' On Cancer With HBO Special \I just hope while I\u2019m here now people look at me and draw inspiration.\
T.I. Wants To Raise Education Awareness Through New Challenge The Grammy Award-winner dishes on his latest education initiative.
Niecy Nash To Star In TNT Dramedy 'Claws' Niecy Nash is getting right back to work after Fox passed on her comedy pilot The Enforcers.
Puff Daddy Sets First-Ever Bad Boy Reunion Tour Just days before the massive Bad Boy Reunion show at Brooklyn's Barclays Center on what would have been the Notorious B.I.G
First Trailer To Lee Daniels' New Fox Series, 'Star' During today\u2019s Fox Upfront, the network showcased a look at the new series from co-creator Lee Daniels, Star.
Johnny Gill On His Return To The Top Of The Music Charts The singer celebrates 32 years in the business and producing New Edition's developing biopic.
Beverly Bond Calls Hillary Clinton's Outreach To Black Women 'Sincere' \I think she sincerely wanted to be a part of what we were doing with Black Girls Rock!\ Bond said.
Interracial Marriage Drama 'Loving' Throws Hat In Oscar Ring Loving, writer/director Jeff Nichols\u2019 new film about Richard and Mildred Loving --\u00a0the interracial couple whose 1958 marriage
Marlon Wayans, Essence Atkins To Star In New NBC Family Sitcom Deadline reports that NBC has just ordered a new family sitcom starring comedians Marlon Wayans and Essence Atkins. The series
Black Lives Matter Needs Mos Def Back In The Game The hip-hop legend, who recently dropped a new track, has a long history of speaking out against the oppression of black people.
Teen Sues Mall, Cop After Being Thrown Like A 'Doll' During Arrest Monique Tillman was 15 when an off-duty officer violently arrested her for riding her bike in a parking lot.
Sorority Apologizes For Racist T-Shirt Made By Chapter In Alabama The front of the T-shirt showed an image of an African-American person eating a slice of watermelon inside an illustration of the southern U.S. state.
The 2016 'Dumbing Down' of America Has our nation become a national crazy house of cartoons? Have TV, print and social media come together to create a 27/7 \game show\ or theatre of the absurd for us to participate and watch? Are we witnessing the ultimate \dumbingdownization \ of America?
Michelle Alexander and Hillary Clinton's Presidential Candidacy Considered on the historical landscape of what African-Americans have endured and achieved in obtaining the right to vote, not voting as a \protest vote\ will not assure and protect our \permanent interest\. Not voting is not a \political option\ in the 2016.
Lupita Nyong'o In Talks To Star In 'Black Panther' Lupita Nyong'o, who won an Oscar for her performance in 12 Years a Slave, is in negotiations to star opposite Chadwick Boseman
Michael B. Jordan Joins Marvel's 'Black Panther' Michael B Jordan will reteam with his Creed director Ryan Coogler for Marvel Studios\u2019 Black Panther, inking a deal to join
Taraji P. Henson Announces Memoir 'Around the Way Girl' Taraji P. Henson\u2019s memoir,\u00a0Around the Way Girl,\u00a0is coming out this fall, the actress\u00a0announced on Instagram\u00a0Thursday. The
Destiny's Child Alum To Play Dionne Warwick In Biopic Opposite Lady Gaga Destiny's Child alum LeToya Luckett is set to play R&B and pop music legend Dionne Warwick in an upcoming biopic, Warwick
John Amos On 'Roots' Remake The veteran \Roots\ actor shares his candid thoughts on The History Channel's upcoming reboot.
Bono Joins Lupita Nyong'o, 'Eclipsed' Cast To Remember Kidnapped Girls Attendees of the Saturday matinee show of Broadway\u2019s \Eclipsed\\u00a0had a special and powerful guest speaker after the show
Unauthorized Angela Davis Biopic By \u2018Shameless\u2019 Scribe LaToya Morgan Acquired Suspected 60s radical Angela Davis is getting biopic treatment. Jeff Kwatinetz\u2019s The Firm has acquired an untitled script
This Organization Is Helping Women Of Color Thrive In The Communications Field ColorComm is making sure these professional women are seen, heard and connected with each other.
Afrika Bambaataa Denies Sexual Abuse Allegations For weeks allegations of sexual abuse of boys that happened decades ago have been swirling around hip hop legend Afrika Bambaataa
Watch The vivid first trailer for Disney\u2019s true-life story \u201cQueen of Katwe\u201d is here, hitting the web on Tuesday. Aside from featuring
Baby On The Way For Will Swenson And Audra McDonald Congratulations to mama-to-be\u00a0Audra McDonald\u00a0and her husband Will Swenson.
Lezley McSpadden On Memorializing Michael Brown In Beyonc\u00e9's 'Lemonade' She also recently released a memoir about the life and legacy of her son.
Tony Winner Heather Headley Joins Cast Of 'The Color Purple' Heather Headley, who won the 2000 Tony as Best Actress in a Musical for her performance in Aida, makes a long-awaited return
Emanuel AME Distributes Donations To Shooting Victims\u2019 Families However, many family members were angered that the church kept the majority of the donations.
Beyonc\u00e9 Sings Soul-Stirring Cover Of 'The Beautiful Ones' By Prince A beautiful tribute from a queen to a legend.
Minnesota Lawmaker Proposes 'Prince Act' So Others Can't Exploit Prince When Prince passed away on April 21, he died in one of the few states that doesn't have an explicit statute that punishes
Director Lee Daniels Exits Weinstein's Richard Pryor Biopic The long-gestating movie about legendary comic Richard Pryor has lost its director.
Nia Long Explains Why She \u2018Cannot Afford To Operate Out Of Fear' In Hollywood \I feel blessed and lucky to have the career that I have, but there are times I\u2019ve been beat up in this business.\
SZA Explains How A 'Random Blessing' Got Her A Spot On Rihanna's Album But her collaboration with Rih isn't the only big thing the first lady of TDE has got in the works.
Remembering That May of 1963 Days before the police dogs and water hoses, a Gallup poll found that only four percent of the nation thought civil rights was a national issue. But once television captured Connor's brutality, overnight, 52 percent felt civil rights was a national issue.
Black Women At West Point In Hot Water Over Raised Fists In Photo The elite military college bars political expression while in uniform. But does the cadets' gesture qualify?
5 Hunger Strikers Hospitalized 16 Days Into Protest Against SF Police Since April 21, the protesters have survived on liquids like coconut water and cups of broth.
'Dear White People' TV Series Based On Movie A Go At Netflix Breakout screenwriter-director Justin Simien is bringing Dear White People to the small screen. Netflix has handed out a
Arsenio Hall Sues Sinead O'Connor Over Accusation Of Giving Drugs To Prince Arsenio Hall has brought a $5 million defamation lawsuit against Sinead O'Connor over the singer's recent Facebook post accusing
Denzel Washington Event Raises Millions For African American Museum While many in the entertainment and media industries were saying their bittersweet goodbyes to President Barack Obama at
Ava DuVernay Exits DreamWorks' 'Intelligent Life' \Selma\ helmer Ava DuVernay has exited Intelligent Life, the sci-fi DreamWorks project that has Lupita Nyong'o attached to
Tamir Rice's Mom Honors Shooting Victims At 'Black Lives Matter' Commemoration KENT, Ohio --\u0080\u0094 Samaria Rice, Tamir Rice's mother, stood in solidarity with Kent State University Wednesday to speak out
The Smithsonian Seeks To Preserve The Gazebo Where Tamir Rice Was Killed The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture is set to open in September 2016, and in honor of
Lee Daniels Settles Sean Penn Defamation Suit, Writes Apology Letter Sean Penn has settled his defamation lawsuit against Lee Daniels, who wrote a public letter of apology to the actor after
Lucia McBath On How Moms Who've Lost Kids Can Find Strength On Mother's Day Jordan Davis' mom offers some words of wisdom for getting through a holiday that may be tough for so many.
#AirBnbWhileBlack Highlights Discrimination Faced By Black Travelers Black Airbnb users took to Twitter to speak out about their experiences.
Brian McKnight On The Lessons Artists Can Learn From Prince And Beyonc\u00e9 \u201cThere's very few females in this business that has this kind of power.\u201d
Anonymous Account Of Gang Rape Sparks Outrage At Spelman And Morehouse A series of tweets alleging Morehouse College students gang-raped a woman from Spelman College sparked outrage, protests
17 Precious Moments From The Famous Moms We Love We love watching these moms love their kids.
Amber Rose Is Getting Her Own Talk Show Listen up, Amber Rose has something to say. \u00a0 The model, actress and social media superstar is getting her own weekly talk
Jay Z Working On Album To Tell 'His Side Of Things' In Beyonce Marriage An insider reveals in the new issue of Us Weekly that the rap icon, 46, is recording songs that will reveal his version of
Afeni Shakur Showed The Power Of Black Motherhood Her legacy was bigger than her son, Tupac.
Afeni Shakur, Mother Of Hip-Hop Legend Tupac, Dead At 69 Afeni Shakur Davis, mother of late rap legend Tupac Shakur who was the subject of one of his most iconic songs and who oversaw
These Kids Reciting A Powerful Poem Is Uplifting In The Best Way \Say it
Harriet Tubman Biopic In Development From \u2018Homeland\u2019 Director A movie about iconic abolitionist Harriet Tubman is in development from\u00a0\u201cHomeland\u201d director Seith Mann. The project has a
Larry Wilmore Clears Up Use Of The N-Word For Confused White People There's a HUGE difference between -er and -a.
Sean 'Diddy' Combs Retiring From Music To Focus On Acting Sean \Diddy\ Combs wants to go out with a bang. \u00a0 Covering the June issue of Cigar Aficionado magazine, Diddy spoke on his
Racist Statements Lead Lawmakers To Reject John Wayne Day SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- What a California lawmaker intended as a benign resolution honoring a late, world-renowned movie
Nia Long Talks Film, Family, And Finding Peace For women, and those who adore the feminine, she ushered us through each stage of our lives in real time
Aretha Franklin Performs Powerful Cover Of Prince's 'Purple Rain' The Queen of Soul adds her soulful touch to the timeless classic!
Walking & Talking Where Political Angels Fear To Tread 
Whitney Houston Estate Signs Off On New Documentary Oscar-winning director Kevin Macdonald will helm a documentary about Whitney Houston that has been authorized by the singer's
'Southside With You' Trailer The Sundance indie Southside With You is your classic boy-meets-girl romance, chronicling one couple\u2019s first date from start
How Black Girls Vote Is Getting Young Voters To The Poll The organization is taking a grassroots approach to getting the Baltimore community to the polls.
Lee Daniels Options Jesmyn Ward's Memoir 'Men We Reaped' Empire executive producer Lee Daniels has optioned the film and television rights to Jesmyn Ward\u2019s critically-acclaimed memoir
This High School Student Is Helping Her Peers Embrace Their Black Identity Hadiyah Collins reopened her school's BSU to teach and inspire.
'Daughters Of The Dust,' Film Inspiration For Beyonce's 'Lemonade,' Returning To Theaters Julie Dash's seminal 1991 film \Daughters of the Dust\\u00a0will be getting a theatrical rerelease, with a new restoration.
The 'Nightly Show' Schools Piers Morgan On 'Lemonade' \If 'Lemonade' was about you, Piers Morgan, it would have been called Metamucil.\
Kerry Washington Inks Overall Deal With ABC Studios \Scandal\ star Kerry Washington has signed an overall deal with the studio behind the ABC drama series, ABC Studios, and
HBO To Submit Beyonc\u00e9's 'Lemonade' For Emmy Consideration Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s \u201cLemonade\u201d has left the world abuzz since HBO debuted the visual album for a 27-hour window Saturday night. For
Mathew Knowles Isn't Here To Entertain 'Lemonade' Critics \I\u2019ve never in my life hit my daughter. So she\u2019s never been a slave to the back of my hand,\ Knowles said.
What The Star Of The 'Roots' Reboot Wants Every Young Black Man To Know Actor Malachi Kirby shares some important lessons on playing Kunte Kinte.
WGN America Renews 'Underground' For Second Season \u201cUnderground,\u201d the critically acclaimed first-year drama about the Underground Railroad and the most-watched original scripted
First Look Clip Of Tupac Shakur Biopic Reenacts Famous Interview A powerful glimpse of Demetrius Shipp Jr. portraying the late icon surfaces online.
What Will Happen To Prince's Memoir? Among the many questions in the wake of Prince's sudden death last Thursday is what will happen to his planned memoir, a
Jennifer Hudson And Harvey Fierstein To Star In NBC\u2019s 'Hairspray Live' Jennifer Hudson and Harvey Fierstein have signed on to NBC\u2019s \u201cHairspray Live!,\u201d the network\u2019s next live Broadway musical
City Of Cleveland To Pay $6 million To Tamir Rice's Family To Settle Lawsuit The city of Cleveland has agreed to pay Tamir Rice's family $6 million to settle a federal lawsuit filed over the boy's November
'Me And Mrs. Jones' Singer Billy Paul Has Died Soul singer Billy Paul died from a serious medical condition at his home on Sunday. He was 81.
Tyler James Williams Is Bringing Excitement To Media With New Innovative Series The \u201cEverybody Hates Chris\u201d star also shares his interest to portray Emmett Till.
City Of Cleveland To Pay $6 million To Tamir Rice's Family To Settle Lawsuit However, the city made no admission of wrongdoing in the shooting, according to the judge.
Watch Fantasia took an audience to church during an old performance in Atlanta when she belted out \Purple Rain\ in tribute to
'The Carmichael Show' Highlights Mental Health Issues In Powerful Episode The NBC show portrayed the complicated issues surrounding depression.
Prince Cremated, Private Ceremony Held With Family And Friends Prince's remains have been cremated and their final resting place will remain private, his publicist said.
Beyonc\u00e9's 'Lemonade' Is A Powerful Ode To Black Women Everywhere Beyonc\u00e9 shows the power of #BlackGirlMagic yet again.
Sipping Beyonce's Lemonade Lemonade speaks to generations -- mothers to daughters, grandmothers to granddaughters. This sisterhood of black girl magic, said more eloquently in Maya Angelou's Still I Rise, is a reminder of our collective strength.
Harriet Tubman Gets Historical National Park In New York The abolitionist hero is finally getting the recognition she deserves.
Remembering Prince Although the shock and disbelief was instant, the lingering effect resembles that of an actual family member. I was a fan of his music and admired his talents, but I can't help think of the meaningful times that our career paths crossed and complimented each other dating all the way back to 1978.
#AmyDidn'tDeserveIt Upon hearing the sad news about a 16 year old girl named Amy Joyner-Francis getting jumped by a group of girls and ultimately dying from a head injury in a high school bathroom, my heart broke in half.
Bryshere Gray, Elijah Kelley, Luke James To Star In BET's 'New Edition COOL IT NOW! BET Networks has announced the cast of the much-anticipated New Edition biopic
Erykah Badu Shares Touching Tribute To Prince On Facebook \u201cThe moment you remember how much he means to you...\
Baltimore Judge Says Second Officer Must Testify In Freddie Gray Case The officer has pleaded not guilty to second-degree assault, reckless endangerment and two counts of misconduct.
Idris Elba, John Ridley Team For 1970s Civil Rights Drama At Showtime John Ridley and Idris Elba are teaming for a political activism drama at Showtime.
Black Twitter Is Freaking Out Over Harriet Tubman On The $20 Bill \It's all about the Harriets.\
Tupac\u2019s High School Love Letter Is Being Sold For $35,000 Tupac Shakur\u2019s words have gone on to breathe life into fans long after the rapper\u2019s untimely death. His lyrics, now received
Rainbow-Colored Nooses Removed From Tree On Tennessee Campus \This incident is deeply disturbing and is hurtful to our university community.\
No Prison For NYPD Officer Who Fatally Shot Akai Gurley The officer faced a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison.
Cast Of Tupac Biopic 'All Eyez On Me' Wraps Filming In just a few months, the cast of the upcoming Tupac Shakur biopic has finished filming, putting the project in post-production
Spike Lee Wants America To 'Wake Up' In Star-Studded Bernie Sanders Ad Lee shows Sanders love the Brooklyn way in a new video.
How One Mississippi District Made Integration Work Can other districts follow suit?
The Secret History Of The Photo At The Center Of The Black Confederate Myth A 160-year-old tintype depicting Andrew Chandler and his slave Silas, both in Confederate uniform, has long been used as
Diana Ross Tells Fans She Is 'Fine' After Car Accident Diana Ross won't let anything get in the way of a performance, not even a car crash.
How Anita Hill's Story Sparked A Movement For Women In Politics \This is about creating change,\ said Kerry Washington, who stars as Hill in the new film \Confirmation.\
Black Excellence Is 8 Black Women Making History By Earning Their PhD Together These women used the common thread they shared to break new ground at the university.
New York Playwright Fails To Block Opening Of New 'Barbershop' Movie A pre-trial conference on the lawsuit is scheduled for July 15.
Historic Photos Of KRS-One, Nas, Queen Latifah & More To Be Featured At The Smithsonian The Smithsonian Museum is quickly becoming an extravagant home for historic treasures in hip-hop history. Later this year
Revisiting Kobe Bryant's (Super Brief) Rap Career In the midst of Kobe Bryant's 20 season NBA career, the five-time Lakers champion was working on his lyrical fitness.
Black Talent And Films At 2016 Tribeca Film Festival The 2016 Tribeca Film Festival will take place from April 13 to April 24 in New York City. In terms of Urban and African
Kevin Hart Says He May Be Done With Stand-Up Touring Kevin Hart may be done with touring. After performing 156 shows on his most recent stint on the road, and journeying across
Denzel Washington To Direct And Star In August Wilson's 'Fences' After winning a Tony for his role in the 2010 Broadway revival ofFences, Denzel Washington is bringing August Wilson\u2019s play
Trial For Charleston Church Shooter Dylann Roof Delayed Until January Defense lawyers said a doctor needs two to six months to conduct psychiatric testing of Dylann Roof.
Afrika Bambaataa Calls Sexual Abuse Claims 'Baseless And Cowardly' Hip hop pioneer Afrika Bambaataa has denied accusations that he sexually abused a former member of his Universal Zulu Nation
Flint Water Crisis Movie Fast-Tracked At Lifetime One of the greatest American scandals in recent months is getting the TV-movie treatment at Lifetime. A film about the Flint
Terminally Ill Comedian Quincy Jones' HBO Special Gets Official Premiere Date Less than a month after Ellen DeGeneres convinced HBO to air a special for aspiring comedian Quincy Jones, who was diagnosed
Chicago Police Department Must Face Its 'Racist Past' \u201cCPD\u2019s own data gives validity to the widely held belief the police have no regard for the sanctity of life when it comes to people of color.\
Chris Rock, Gabrielle Union, Wendy Williams And More Pay Tribute To Iconic Radio Host Doug Banks Legendary radio host Doug Banks has died at the age of 57. V103 Chicago, one of the radio stations Banks worked at, revealed
'Creed' Star Tessa Thompson Joining 'Thor 3' Creed star Tessa Thompson has landed a key role in Thor
Ice Cube And Eve Speak To The Importance Of Self-Belief \You can transcend whatever situation you\u2019re in,\ said Eve.
More Than Meets The Eye With Tony Awards Frontrunner Christopher Jackson Of 'Hamilton' The Emmy and Grammy Award-winning powerhouse portrays George Washington in the Broadway juggernaut 'Hamilton' and veteran
A Year After Freddie Gray, Baltimore Makes Slow Progress Freddie Gray died from neck injuries he sustained during an arrest.
Doug Banks, Radio And TV Personality, Dies Doug Banks, who was a radio host at several stations, including Chicago's V103 and WGCI, and appeared on ABC7's ''190 North
Bad Boy Family Reunion Tour Announces Second Night After Puff Daddy\u2019s Bad Boy reunion show sold out in seven minutes last week, the rapper has made a big announcement
President Obama Reaffirms The Potential Of Boys Of Color In Powerful PSA \If we believe in their futures, they will believe in them, too,\ President Obama said.
Johnny Gill Says New Edition May Reunite For New Album To Accompany Biopic Release An upcoming BET biopic may be the impetus for New Edition to end the 12-year (and counting) wait for a new album.
N.W.A. Join Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame With Attitude And A Selfie Ice Cube said the group had earned their place in the Hall of Fame, just as the pioneers of jazz, blues, punk, rock and pop before them.
Halle Berry Calls Will Smith A 'Champion For Diversity In Hollywood' \[He is] blazing a path for actors,\ Berry said Sunday at the MTV Movie Awards.
The 'Resume Check' Black people know the condescension of a resume check. We know what it is to have a white person signal their confusion over our status or success. These sorts of microaggressions are ways of pointing out the superiority of the dominant group. Ways of saying we don't belong.
'Barbershop More than 10 years after the original, a star-filled cast comes together to bring a story about a barbershop in southside
Trial Delayed As Death Penalty Considered For Charleston Church Shooter U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch will announce the decision.
'Blood, Sweat And Heels' Star, Daisy Lewellyn, Loses Battle To Cancer Daisy Lewellyn has sadly lost her battle to cancer at age 36. As someone who was a friend, constant source of inspiration
Ice Cube On Whether He'd Let His Son Date A Kardashian Ice Cube might be dad, but he definitely doesn't tell his son what to do anymore \u2013 or who he should date.
R&B Singer Leon Haywood Dead At 74 Leon Haywood, the soul-funk singer-songwriter and producer, died on Tuesday, the Associated Press reports.
Bill Henderson, Jazz Vocalist And Actor, Dies At 90 Bill Henderson, a well-respected jazz vocalist and actor, died Sunday of natural causes in Los Angeles, according to Lynne
Bernie Sanders Tells Spike Lee What Black Lives Matter Means To Him These two Brooklynites met up for the first time and things got real.
Pharrell Williams To Contribute Music To Taraji P. Henson's 'Hidden Figures' Pharrell Williams has announced that he\u2019ll produce and contribute music to the upcoming drama Hidden Figures.
Kevin Hart Humors Woman Who Thinks He's Chris Rock LOL and SMH.
'Roots' Stars Discuss Why A TV Classic Needs A Remake Stars Anika Noni Rose, Anna Paquin and Jonathan Rhys Myers and producers LeVar Burton and Mark Wolper brought their Roots
Chicago To Pay $4.9 Million To Family Of Man Dragged In Handcuffs Philip Coleman died at a hospital in 2012, according to court records.
Kelly Rowland Wants To Make Sure Girls See 'Every Type Of Woman' On TV \We have to do better,\ Rowland said.
Tensions Endure One Year After Walter Scott Killed By South Carolina Cop \u201cPeople are still being picked out and picked on,\u201d Walter Scott's brother said.
Anita Hill On Why Her Testimony Still Matters 25 Years Later Hill spoke about her case and the importance of black women having a voice in politics.
A Tribe Called Quest Fans Gather In Queens For Phife Dawg Memorial More than 200 A Tribe Called Quest fans gathered at St. Albans Park in Jamaica, Queens, on a cloudy Monday morning (April
'Birth Of A Nation' Director Nate Parker To Be Honored At Tribeca Film Festival Director Nate Parker will be honored at this year's Tribeca Film Festival's Disruptive Innovation Awards.
Prosecutors In Freddie Gray Case Seek Testimony From Another Officer The motion asks a judge to compel an officer to testify at the trial of officer Edward Nero, set to start on May 10.
Duane Martin And Tisha Campbell-Martin Break Their Silence On Bankruptcy We reported earlier today that Real Husbands of Hollywood star Duane Martin and his wife, Martin actress Tisha Campbell-Martin
BET Acquires Soul Train Brand BET Networks today announces its acquisition of Soul Train from InterMedia Partners and The Yucaipa Companies.
Inside Bernie Worrell's All-Star NYC Benefit When word surfaced earlier this year that keyboard virtuoso Bernie Worrell \u2014 of Parliament and Funkadelic, the big-band version
Smithsonian Says Museum Will Include Mention of Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Accusations After days of questioning, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, which opens in Washington in September
Ayesha Curry Lands Cooking Show On The Food Network Ayesha Curry just checked another accomplishment off of her list. The proud mom has recently connected to The Food Network\u2019s
Nas' HSTRY Clothing Teams Up With The Ghostbusters Squad Nas-owned HSTRY Clothing has teamed up with the Ghostbusters franchise for a special collaboration.
These Moms Made A Hilarious Trap Song Tribute To Cookie Lyon They're 'bout that life.
Kevin Hart To Launch Streaming Service, Mobile Game With Lionsgate Comedian Kevin Hart is making a big play for digital audiences through a broad new partnership with Lionsgate.
From 'Les Miserables' To 'The Color Purple,' Kyle Scatliffe Is On The Rise \The Color Purple\ has some new life breathed into it with a re-staged Broadway revival. \u00a0We already know so much about the
Gabrielle Union And Dwyane Wade Land A Show On HGTV HGTV is adding a ton of\u00a0new shows to its line up and one of them will star our favorite couple.
How The Green Book Helped African-American Tourists Navigate A Segregated Nation For black Americans traveling by car in the era of segregation, the open road presented serious dangers. Driving interstate
David Oyelowo, Gugu Mbatha-Raw To Star In 'God Particle' David Oyelowo and Gugu Mbatha-Raw are in negotiations to star in God Particle from producer J.J. Abrams.
Puff Daddy & The Family To Reunite For Performance Honoring B.I.G.'s Birthday Puff Daddy and The Family are set to reunite on May 20th at Brooklyn's Barclays Center for a \One Night Only\ performance
A Tribe Called Quest Announces Stream Of Phife Dawg\u2019s Memorial Service On Periscope Family, friends and fans lost a pivotal figure in the hip-hop community last week when revered rapper Phife Dawg passed away
Faith Evans Says Posthumous Notorious B.I.G. Collab Album Is Coming, Hints at Hologram Tour Faith Evans says a collaborative album with her late husband,\u00a0the Notorious B.I.G., is coming this September, as Fact points
Lil Wayne Sues Universal Music Over Profits From Discovered Talent Universal Music Group is paying itself instead of shelling out royalties it owes Lil Wayne, according to a federal lawsuit
Lil' Kim On 'Lil' Kim Season' Project, Remixing Drake's 'Summer Sixteen' & What's Next The Queen Bee has returned. Two years after dropping her Hard Core 2K14 mixtape, Lil\u2019 Kim has released her new Lil\u2019 Kim Season
What\u2019s Behind America\u2019s Widening College Graduation Gap? Call it the stubborn gray cloud around a bright silver lining
Why Activist Angela Davis Isn't Endorsing Any Candidate For President \We need a new party,\ Davis declared.
Jury Begins Deliberations In Trial Of Woman Accused Of Killing Her Alleged Abuser Cherelle Baldwin faces up to 60 years behind bars if a jury finds her guilty.
Chaka Khan Collaborates With Terri Lyne Carrington On Sinatra's 'I'm A Fool To Want You' \u201cIt was my greatest pleasure to record with the inimitable Chaka Khan on The Mosaic Project
Billy Dee Williams Returns As Colt 45 Spokesman Colt 45 is targeting its glory days with the return of its iconic Eighties spokesman Billy Dee Williams.
T.I. And Tiny Welcome Third Child Together Rapper T.I. and Tameka \u201cTiny\u201d Cottle welcomed their third child over the weekend.
Up on Sugar Hill 
Don Cheadle On Becoming Miles Davis Don Cheadle was not looking to play Miles Davis. He had done biopics before, starring as Sammy Davis Jr. in \u201cThe Rat Pack
David Smyrl, 'Sesame Street' Actor, Dies At 80 David Smyrl, the Emmy-winning actor best known for his role as Mr. Handford, the retired firefighter who ran Hooper's Store
Snoop Dogg Will Now Narrate Animal Clips For His New Video Series 'Planet Snoop' Snoop Dogg is a man of the people, and if the people want him to narrate an entire season of Planet Earth, then you can bet
New Show Highlights 'Successful, Self-Made' Black Female Lawyers \Sisters In Law\ seeks to raise the bar for black women in TV.
'Hamilton' Pays Tribute To Phife Dawg During Show 'Hamilton' star and creator Lin-Manuel Miranda has been vocal about A Tribe Called Quest\u2019s influence on his life and creativity
Brooklyn DA Says Cop Who Killed Akai Gurley Should Not Go To Prison The officer is scheduled to be sentenced on April 14.
Hollywood Actor Austen Jaye Brings Story Of Living Legend Harry Belafonte To Stage Actor Austen Jaye is a leading man on the world wide web, starring in the popular Black&Sexy TV digital series \Yellow,\ \Roomieloverfriends
Woman Reimagines 'Formation' By Beyonc\u00e9 In Kickass Feminist Poem \Together we are unstoppable. The perfect definition of powerful.\
Nine Guards Are On Trial For Brutal Beating Of Rikers Island Inmate Three other guards helped conceal the crime by filing inaccurate reports stating that the inmate attacked first, authorities said.
Why Being 'Woke' In Hollywood Is So Important To Yara Shahidi \I am black and I am [Persian] and I will always rep that.\
ACLU Lawyers Say They Were Kicked Out Of Bar Because They\u2019re Black \I know that we aren't the first people that this has happened to, and unfortunately I don't think that we'll be the last.\
Austin Police Officer Fired Over Fatal Shooting Of Unarmed, Naked Teen The case will go to county prosecutors to see if criminal charges will be filed, the police chief said.
Kelly Rowland's New Makeup Line Will Celebrate 'Chocolate Girls' The singer is showing love to the brown beauties of the world.
Kevin Hart To Publish Memoir Next Year Like most comedians, Kevin Hart takes a confessional tone in his stand-up. He has made intimate and often uncomfortable jokes
Usher, Lil Wayne And 2 Chainz Will Headline The 2016 BET Experience Usher, Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz are among the first headliners announced for the 2016 BET Experience, the network and Anschutz
A Tribe Called Quest's Phife Dawg Dead At 45 Malik Taylor, the rapper known as Phife Dawg whose nimble, clever rhymes helped launch A Tribe Called Quest\u00a0to both commercial
Reality TV Star Claudia Jordan Talks About The Good, The Bad & The Ugly Of The Genre Reality TV star Claudia Jordan admits fame comes at a cost, and the price is regularly being misunderstood.
2016 Essence Festival Speakers Announced Spring may just have arrived, but the lineup is steady heating up for this summer's ESSENCE Festival in New Orleans, as we
Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Gina Prince-Bythewood Reteaming For 'An Untamed State' Beyond the Lights star Gugu Mbatha-Raw and director Gina Prince-Bythewood are reuniting for An Untamed State, an adaptation
Kim Fields One and done! Kim Fields announced that she will not be returning to the \Real Housewives of Atlanta\ for another season
Woman On Trial In Ex-Boyfriend's Murder Testifies He Was 'Controlling, Abusive' Cherelle Baldwin faces up to 60 years in prison for killing Jeffrey Brown, which she says was self-defense.
Ava DuVernay To Direct 'The Battle Of Versailles' Movie For HBO Selma helmer Ava DuVernay has signed on to direct and co-write a film for HBO about the 1973 Palace of Versailles fashion
'Real Housewives Of Atlanta' Star Phaedra Parks Says She's 'Open To Love' \Real Housewives of Atlanta\ star Phaedra Parks says she's still open to love despite her very public separation from estranged
Former Texas Trooper Pleads Not Guilty In Arrest Of Sandra Bland Bland was found dead in her jail cell three days after her arrest.
Lee Daniels On Donald Trump Empire co-creator Lee Daniels appears to think it's time for people to start taking Donald Trump seriously.
Nate Parker Partners With HBCU To Launch New Film And Drama School From \The Birth of a Nation\ to the birth of a new school for aspiring filmmakers.
This Stunning Pro-Black Google Doodle Was Created By A 15-Year-Old Akilah Johnson is the first African-American to win Doodle 4 Google.
'Black-ish' Star Yara Shahidi On Being A Positive Role Model For Teens \[It's about] giving us opportunities... that allow teens to blossom.\
50 Cent To Host, Exec Produce Variety Series For A&E 50 Cent is looking to reinvent the variety series. The rapper, actor, producer and entrepreneur is teaming with A&E Network
9 Quotes From Queen Latifah That Remind Us She's A Literal Queen She's just as real and regal as the rest.
Mariah Carey To Star In A Series For E! The Kardashians, Caitlyn Jenner and the female wrestlers of \u201cTotal Divas\u201d will welcome a new neighbor to the E! lineup later
Prosecutor Says Grand Jury Will Not Consider Police Shooting Of Jamar Clark The prosecutor said he will make the determination whether there is sufficient evidence to charge the officers.
Vanessa Williams Reveals Plans For New Album Vanessa Williams is returning to her musical roots. \u00a0 The former Miss America -- who\u2019s also a Grammy Award-nominated, chart
Jurnee Smollett-Bell On The Challenges Of Filming New Slave Series 'Underground' The actress sprinted across fields and waded through swamps, all while wearing a tightly-fitted corset.
These Sisters SLAY This Version Of 'Down In The DM' \It goes down\ with this remix!
Daryl Coley, Gospel Singer And Minister, Dies At 60 Minister and gospel singer Daryl Coley died Tuesday at the age of 60, reportedly in hospice care. Coley was born in Berkeley
Texas High School Coach Allegedly Told Black Students \u2018I\u2019m Going To Hang You In That Tree\u2019 \u201cHe says stuff around black players just when we are by ourselves,\u201d one student says.
Gamble & Huff Among 2016 'My Music Matters' Honorees Warner/Chappell CEO Jon Platt and veteran producers Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff are among the trailblazers who will be feted
Civil Rights Drama 'Loving' Gets November Release \Loving\\u00a0has been given a prime awards season release date.
Harvard To Scrap Controversial Law School Seal Associated With Slavery A committee organized by the law school voted to recommend scrapping it after criticism by a student group.
County Attorney Says He Won't Convene Grand Jury In Police Shooting Death Of Jamar Clark Clark's shooting came at a time of fierce national debate over the use of lethal force by police, especially against black men.
Foxy Brown Slams The Media For Misrepresenting Her Comments On Trump \Shame on the media,\u201d Brown wrote on Instagram.
Jurnee Smollett-Bell The actress got real about the way that systemic injustices affect black Americans today.
Big Sean On The Importance Of Investing In Detroit's Youth \One Man Can Change the World\ is more than a song for this rapper.
Kerry Washington On Fearlessly Standing Up For What She Believes In The actress spoke to Elle magazine about the importance of women's voices being heard.
Jussie Smollett Expects Lucious' Stance On LGBT Issues To Progress On 'Empire' \All these characters are onions with many, many layers.\
'Birth Of A Nation' Director Nate Parker To Pen Screenplay About High School Wrestlers Following the Sundance success of The Birth of a Nation, Nate Parker will write a screenplay based on the life events of
John Legend Clears Up Some Confusion For Trump Jr. John Legend calls a spade a spade in tweet response to Donald Trump Jr.
Beyonc\u00e9's Dad Sets The Record Straight About Police Boycotting Her Tour \People just don\u2019t understand how it works,\ Knowles said.
Empire's Lee Daniels Addresses Season 2 'Growing Pains,' Trai Byers Exit Rumors 'Empire'\u00a0co-creator Lee Daniels has never been known to mince words, and he did not disappoint Friday at PaleyFest.
Diversity Reigns As BET's 'Book Of Negroes' Dominates Early Round Of Canadian Screen Awards Diversity was the big winner Wednesday night at the Canadian Screen Awards as BET miniseries The Book of Negroes, starring
Tyler Perry, Doug Liman Lead Charge To Mount Apartheid Murder Tale 'The Year Of The Great Storm' Tyler Perry\u2019s 34th Street Films has teamed with a group of producers including Doug Liman to mount The Year of the Great
Neil deGrasse Tyson Narrating This Ballet Video Is Absolutely Mesmerizing Everyone's favorite astrophysicist and the Dance Theatre of Harlem just created the most spellbinding video ever.
NYPD Commissioner Bratton Is A 'Bald-Faced Liar,' Says Ramarley Graham's Mother Bratton said the Justice Department told the NYPD to hold off on its investigation into Graham's death. Graham's mother says the DOJ told her otherwise.
The Matter of Black Lives On February 18th, as part of the official recognition of Black History Month, President Obama met with a group of African
Olympic Champion Gabby Douglas To Star In Reality Series Olympic all-around champion Gabby Douglas is inviting the world along for the ride in her quest for history.
Chance The Rapper Calls Out Spike Lee For 'Fraud' Comments Chance The Rapper\u2019s Twitter fingers got to walkin\u2019on \u00a0(Mar. 8) after he caught wind of some not-so-pleasant comments Spike
Spike Lee's New Joint Documents Mizzou Protests The short film is a part of Lee's \Spike Lee's Lil' Joints\ series.
Nas\u2019 New Investment Shows He Thinks America Is Ready To Eat Crickets While crickets may not be the first thing flying off of the shelves at Whole Foods stores across America right now, those
Kendrick Lamar Heading For Second Number One Album On Billboard 200 Chart With 'Untitled' On next week\u2019s Billboard 200 chart, watch for Kendrick Lamar to notch his second No. 1 with the surprise album Untitled Unmastered
This Powerful Campaign Is Tackling Colorism In Communities Everywhere #Unfairandlovely is changing the conversation.
Scandal's Joe Morton The Subject Of Unsung Hollywood Season Premiere Scandal actor Joe Morton will be the subject of the premiere episode of the the new season of TV One\u2019s award-winning biographical
25 Years Later Vanessa A. Williams Revisits 'New Jack City' Twenty-five years ago today, \u2018New Jack City\u2019 was released in theaters after premiering at the Sundance Film Festival months
Q-Tip Is The Kennedy Center's First Artistic Director Of Hip-Hop Culture A funny thing happened when the Kennedy Center decided to book Kendrick Lamar for a performance alongside the National Symphony
Student Forced To Change Schools For Not Cutting His Locs, Family Says The seventh grader has worn his locs to school since he was in third grade.
No Federal Charges For NYPD Cop Who Shot And Killed Ramarley Graham Federal prosecutors said they lacked proof the officer \willfully\ deprived the 18-year-old of his civil rights.
Janelle Monae Lands Role In NASA Drama 'Hidden Figures' Alongside Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer Janelle Monae is taking one giant leap for Wondaland in a new space drama called Hidden Figures, a rep for Wondaland Management
'Empire' Actor Trai Byers Squashes Rumors Of Wanting To Quit The Show It looks like actor Trai Byers, who plays Andre on the hit show 'Empire,' is quieting rumors that he wanted to quit the show
Paula Patton Talks Being Single And Defines Love Paula Patton in a recent interview with Rollingout.com, had a heart to heart moment with entertainment reporter Fabiola Calixte
Lee Daniels Credits Patti LaBelle For His Sobriety At BET Honors Lee Daniels left his heart on the Warner Theatre stage Saturday. \u00a0 While accepting the BET Honors' television and film award
India.Arie Perfectly Explains Why Nina Simone Casting Was A Lost Opportunity \[T]o deny someone who looks like Nina Simone the opportunity to play her is sad.\
K. Michelle \No one cared.\
The Voting Rights Act at 51 Regrettably, 51 years after 600 people risked their lives on Bloody Sunday to expand democracy for people of color, and with the 2016 Presidential election fast approaching, too many voters of color here in New Jersey, rather than experiencing increased political participation, are losing their voting rights daily.
Gladys Knight Serenades Cop For His Birthday During Traffic Stop The music icon made this officer's night.
Sherri Shepherd Loses Appeal In Court Battle Over Child Born Via Surrogate Sherri Shepherd will continue to have to pay child support to ex husband Lamar Sally for a child the former couple had via
Jazz Singer Sarah Vaughan Is Being Honored With A Postage Stamp Grammy Award-winning jazz singer Sarah Vaughan is being honored with a Forever stamp by the U.S. Postal Service, the Amsterdam
Texas Trooper Who Arrested Sandra Bland Is Officially Fired Trooper Brian Encinia has been indicted on charges of lying about his arrest of Bland, later found hanged in a jail cell.
Flint Rapper Says The Water Crisis Isn't Just A Public Relations Problem Jon Connor also premiered his duet with KeKe Palmer, \Fresh Water for Flint.\
Young Barack Obama Film Casts Devon Terrell, 'The Witch' Star Anya Taylor-Joy The story of a young Barack Obama trying to find his way in 1981 New York City has found its two leads.
Jamie Foxx To Leonardo DiCaprio After Oscar Win Applause and confetti emojis go out to Leonardo DiCaprio for achieving another feat\u2013 the sought after \u2018Black Card.\u2019
This British Television Show Just Did Something Practically Unheard Of In America A new television thriller called 'Undercover'\u00a0is making history in Britain for casting black actors in all of its lead roles
This Video Highlights Some Of The Best Black Creators On The Web YouTube is celebrating creators of color and urging them to keep making history.
Vanessa Williams Joins VH1\u2019s Upcoming Satan\u2019s Sisters Inspired By Star Jones' Novel Vanessa Williams is moving to VH1. The multi-talented singer-actress is set to headline the network\u2019s recently announced
Jay Z Sued Over Tidal Royalty Payments, Tidal Responds Jay Z faces a class-action lawsuit claiming the Tidal music streaming service underpaid royalties to artists and infringed
Tyrese Explains How Chris Rock 'F**ked' Up His Oscar Mood The singer wasn't laughing.
Nina Simone Film, Starring Zoe Saldana, Gets A Release Date How could we cheer up Nina Simone fans about the documentary What Happened, Miss Simone? losing to Amy at the Oscars last
Mavis Staples Takes You There In New HBO Documentary 'Mavis!' Mavis\u2019 voice isn\u2019t Sunday morning. It\u2019s not easy like a spring breeze or a walk in the park at sunset. Mavis\u2019 voice is hearty
Actress Tasha Smith Shares Her Hair Journey In Powerful New Series A new series by Michaela Angela Davis is exploring black women's relationship with their hair.
What It's Like To Teach While Black \Instilling black pride is not a threat. It is a necessity.\
New James Brown Bio, 'Kill \u2018Em And Leave,' Due In April A new biography on the life and times of The Godfather of Soul is coming this spring.
The Oscars Are Over... Now What? Diversity isn't just a trending topic that will die out after one night of self-aware jokes.
8 Powerful Moments From Ryan Coogler's #JusticeForFlint Event Flint lives matter.
Ryan Coogler To Direct New TV Series About Kids Living In Juvenile Facilities The \Creed\ director has signed on to the developing drama series titled, \Minors.\
Why Wyatt Cenac Is Advocating For Inclusive Hiring For His TBS Show The comedian knows what it's like to be the only person of color in a room.
Meet April Reign, The Activist Who Created #OscarsSoWhite She is a force to be reckoned with -- and so is the movement she launched.
57 Facts That Prove The Oscars Are (And Have Always Been) So White This damning info shows just how few stars of color have been recognized in 88 years.
5 Ways To Celebrate Black Cinema On Oscar Night If you want to support black films on Oscar night, here are just a few impactful options to take part in.
Viola Davis Taking A Break From Sex Scenes On 'How To Get Away With Murder' Things are getting (more) dangerous in Shondaland!
Angela Bassett Recalls Her Oscar Night Angela Bassett has amassed an illustrious body of work, but it was her breakthrough role portraying rock and soul music legend
Ryan Coogler and Jesse Williams On The Purpose Behind #JusticeForFlint The event is part of Coogler's Black Out For Human Rights initiative and will take place on Feb. 28.
Nick Cannon The comedian said we should always honor black history but also help change the future, too.
What It\u2019s Really Like To Work In Hollywood If You\u2019re Not A Straight White Man The statistics are unequivocal
Sundance Winner 'The Birth Of A Nation' Gets Fall Release Date Fox Searchlight has set a fall release date for \The Birth of a Nation,\ Nate Parker\u2019s Sundance prize-winning drama about
Michael B. Jordan, MGM To Remake 'The Thomas Crown Affair' Michael B. Jordan, the star of the boxing hit Creed, is reteaming with MGM for a remake of heist thriller 'The Thomas Crown
Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira & The Women Of 'Eclipsed' Broadway audiences are currently witnessing history in the making with the critically acclaimed production of Eclipsed. The
Ava DuVernay Set To Direct Disney's 'A Wrinkle In Time' Selma director Ava DuVernay has just been set by Disney to direct \A Wrinkle In Time,\ an adaptation of the 1963 Newbery
Jack\u00e9e Harry Gets Real About Hollywood's Diversity Dilemma And she should know
There Will Be A Star-Studded Free Event For Flint On Oscars Night On Feb. 28, comedian Hannibal Buress, Creed director and co-writer Ryan Coogler, singer Janelle Monae, Grey\u2019s Anatomy star
Michelle A. Williams Becomes Harvard\u2019s First Black Faculty Dean Michelle A. Williams, an epidemiologist and professor at the School of Public Health, will lead the school as its next dean
Spike Lee Endorses Bernie Sanders Ahead Of Democratic Primary He'll \do the right thing,\ Lee says in a new campaign ad for the Democratic candidate.
Russell Simmons' All Def Digital Partners With Fusion To Broadcast Movie Awards On Same Night As Oscars All Def Digital\u00a0(ADD) and Fusion have agreed to a multi-year strategic partnership to broadcast the All Def Movie Awards
When You're The Only Black Kid In Class During Black History Month \Can you believe that your entirely white class just turned to stare at you because your teacher brought up Harriet Tubman?\
Fairfield Students Don't Understand Why 'Ghetto Party' Was A Bad Idea Some of them are totally oblivious to how culturally insensitive it is to dress as a stereotype.
BET And The American Black Film Festival To Produce The 2016 ABFF Awards BET Networks and the American Black Film Festival are partnering up to produce the 2016 ABFF Awards
Author Steve Phillips Explains Why Minority Voters Can No Longer Be An 'Afterthought' Voters of color are as important as ever.
Damning Study Finds Hollywood Still A 'Straight, White, Boys' Club' Study reports movie-making suffering \u2018inclusion crisis\u2019, as television production begins to show signs of improvement
Don Cheadle Says His Miles Davis Film Meant To Show Full Legacy \I felt like it would give me the opportunity to look at all of the decades, it would give me the opportunity to be expansive as opposed to reductive.\
What Does The Academy Value In A Black Performance? When the Oscar nominations were announced last month, revealing that not one black actor was in the running, the resulting
Ledisi Pays Tribute To Natalie Cole, Ron Isley And Patrice Rushen With New Cover Tracks With her latest musical offering, R&B powerhouse Ledisi is going back to her roots and paying homage to some of the greatest
On the \A\ w/Souleo 
The Black Body Is Messy, Complicated and Whole The movement for Black lives must consider the bodies whom are always left behind in the quest for Black liberation
10 Black 'Bachelor' And 'Bachelorette' Contestants In Their Own Words For 20 seasons, The Bachelor has captivated audiences with its romantic idealism, glamorous locales, and -- particularly
Rihanna Postpones 'Anti' Tour Dates Following her Grammy performance cancellation from a bout with bronchitis, several dates of Rihanna's Anti tour, initially
A Nigerian Bank Wants To Help Out With Kanye West\u2019s Ideas It looks like Kanye West\u2019s reveal that he\u2019s swimming in $53 million worth of debt has a few people pitching in to help.
Idris Elba Kills It In 'Bastille Day' Trailer We all want perfect human being Idris Elba to be the next James Bond.
Prince's New Passport Photo Couldn't Be More Perfect \Baby, I'm a star!\
How Dr. Dre's New TV Show Could Boost Apple Music Apple's efforts to break into the streaming video business have received most of the industry buzz, but it's actually Apple
Octavia Spencer Joins Taraji P. Henson In Space Drama 'Hidden Figures' Octavia Spencer will help Taraji P. Henson put an American in space.
VH1 Movie 'The Breaks' To Become A TV Series The success of VH1's TV movie The Breaks has the Viacom-owned network moving along with a hip-hop drama series fashioned
Park Hustler Shows Off His Moves In Game Against Black Chess Grandmaster Guess who wins.
Viola Davis Gets Married\u2026 Again Congratulations are in order for Viola Davis.\u00a0The How to Get Away with Murder actress has gotten married \u2026 again, sort of
'Roots' Remake To Air Memorial Day Weekend The remake of the landmark television miniseries Roots will premiere on the HISTORY channel starting May 30. The four-night
Prince Performs Heartwarming Tribute To Late Prot\u00e9g\u00e9 Vanity During the first global leg of Prince's Piano and a Microphone solo tour in Australia on Monday, the famed performer paid
Laquan McDonald Police Shooting Needs Special Prosecutor, Petition Says The formal request says Chicago States Attorney Anita Alvarez is too cozy with police to be trusted with the first-degree murder case.
This Striking Campaign Is Honoring Black History Heroes In A Way Like No Other These photos show a powerful mix of black past and present.
CBC PAC Chairman Says Bernie Sanders' Socialism Can't 'Eradicate Racism' \We just believe that Sen. Clinton has been there for a longer period of time, has been dedicated and focused on the issues that are most important to us,\ he said.
Actress Danai Gurira The playwright said it's a \shame that there is any significance to the moment.\
\u2018Roots\u2019 Remake To Premiere On Memorial Day, First Trailer Released The \u201cRoots\u201d remake from A+E Studios will premiere this Memorial Day. The first full trailer for the high-anticipated event
Congressman Gregory Meeks He called on the Senate to seriously consider, and hopefully confirm, Obama's Supreme Court nomination.
'Harry Potter' Actor Alfred Enoch Says There's No Reason Hermione Can't Be Black The star who starred in Harry Potter welcomes diversity to Hogwarts.
Taraji P. Henson To Star In Fox 2000's 'Hidden Figures' Hot off her Golden Globe win, Taraji P. Henson has signed on to star in Fox 2000's 'Hidden Figures.'
10 Of The Most Unforgettable Moments From Black Stars At The Grammys Black Grammy history!
Cleveland Mayor Apologizes To Tamir Rice's Family For Ambulance Bill The family called the incident \deeply disturbing.\
People Are Mad At Meryl Streep For Saying 'We're All Africans' The actress might have chosen her words more wisely when addressing diversity at the Berlin Film Festival.
There's An Anti-Beyonce Protest Planned, Because The Hate Is Real Don't come for Beyonce unless she sends for you.
Serena Williams Continues To Inspire, Helps Build A School In Jamaica If the 21 Grand Slam titles and thousands of accolades weren't enough for you, here's another reason to love Serena Williams
How Academy Award Winner Lupita Nyong'o Is Making Broadway History? Since winning the Oscar for her brutal role in 12 Years A Slave, Lupita Nyong'o has become a fashion icon and recently starred
Actor Saul Williams Says This Change Could Have Saved 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' Saul Williams said the death of Michael Brown and the protests that followed may have impacted how the show was received.
Chicago Launches Its First Ever Black Restaurant Week A local publicist is celebrating Black History Month by supporting black-owned eateries.
These Photos Show The People Of Flint's Pain And Pride The Michigan city\u2019s residents are still living on bottled water.
Leslie Uggams Talks 'Deadpool,' 'Roots\u2019 Remake And Upcoming 'Empire' Role Coming out this week is the comic book film, Deadpool, starring Ryan Reynolds as the title character. Directed by Tim Miller
Terri Lyne Carrington Releases New Video 'So Good (Amazing)' Featuring Jaguar Wright \u201cSo Good (Amazing)\u201d stars Jaguar Wright and Terri Lyne Carrington and features an all-star cast of female vocalists and instrumentalists
This Student Expertly Schools Her White Male Teacher On Racism A+ work.
Chicago Policeman Who Shot Quintonio LeGrier Sues Estate Of Teen The officer is blaming the teen for causing the shooting and for causing him trauma.
How A Former Gang Member Is Working To Help End Violence \I was once the shooter, now I advocate against the shooting.\
Jay Z's Tidal Is Giving Back To Groups Demanding That Black Lives Matter Hov's streaming service will donate $1.5 million to several social activism non-profits.
Ben Vereen Opens Up About Sammy Davis, Jr., Modern Technology and Re-Educating Himself Almost 50 years since launching his versatile career in entertainment, Ben Vereen chats with veteran entertainment journalist
NFL Legend Eddie George Opens Up About Ending His Career And New Life On Broadway Former Tennessee Titan has been to a few Super Bowls in his time, now he's taking over Broadway. Veteran entertainment journalist
Beyonc\u00e9 Is Back And Unapologetically Black In New Music Video \Formation\ is basically #BlackLivesMatter and #BlackGirlMagic rolled into one powerful music video.
Global Blackness and Diasporan Dopeness Diasporan dopeness won't let us quit. We are manifested from ancestral excellence and we cannot be outdone. Being conscious of Global Blackness is knowing that we are not an island of our struggle, but a nation of our triumphs. That's Blackness to me.
Michael B. Jordan Wins Big At NAACP Image Awards It was a total knockout for Michael B. Jordan at the NAACP Image Awards in a ceremony that took several jabs at Hollywood
John Legend's Powerful NAACP Speech Highlights Hopes For 'Radical Change' The singer addressed inequalities in America's justice system at the Image Awards.
The NAACP Image Awards Show The Oscars What It's Missing Academy
Jazmine Sullivan Search the name Jazmine Sullivan online, and you're likely to find the name of another powerful vocalist-slash-songwriter
Debbie Allen-Helmed 'Freeze Frame' To Explore Gun Violence In The U.S. 'Freeze Frame,' a new work fusing dance, music, cinema and theater, kicks off its U.S. premiere in Los Angeles Feb. 5.
Chris Rock The comedian gets candid about Hollywood's racial disparities in Essence's March issue.
Why L.A. Reid Places Jay Z In The Same League As Mandela And Obama Reid says Jay Z is more than just a rapper.
Black Lives Matter Activist Jumps Into Baltimore Mayoral Fray DeRay Mckesson, whose activism over the last year and a half has vaulted him from obscure Twitter sage to a political force
What It Means To Be A \u2018Dream Director\u2019 At One Of D.C.\u2019s Struggling Schools Jessica Valoris is reinventing mentorship, one student at a time.
Solange Slams Racism In The Music Industry In 8 Perfect Tweets \ud83d\udc85
Lupita Nyong'o Nyong'o explains what actors ultimately want.
This Is What Can Happen When Black Teens Are Allowed To Lead In U.S. Cities Baltimore youth are helping to lead the change.
Lifetime Sets Movie About Kevin Durant\u2019s Mom, Queen Latifah Produces Cassandra Freeman (Inside Man, Single Ladies), Tracie Thoms (Cold Case, Rent), Pauletta Washington (Wilma), Daniel Bellomy
Don Cheadle Is Miles Davis In 'Miles Ahead' Trailer Don Cheadle won the role of Miles Davis before he even knew he was being considered. In 2006, when Davis was posthumously
Roots Picnic 2016 Will Bring Usher, Future, Swizz Beatz, Kehlani & More By the looks of things, summertime \u201916 is off to a good start. Not only did both of America\u2019s groundhogs predict an early
Cuba Gooding Jr. Says Hollywood's Diversity Issue Didn't Start With Oscars He also said he's unsure whether the Oscars boycott is the best way to tackle the problem.
David Oyelowo The actor hopes to change how Africa is portrayed in film with his newest role.
High School Students Protest Racist Language By Staging A Walkout Maryland students were fed up with discrimination at their school after a video of a white teen calling black people \inferior\ surfaced.
Oscars The lineup of presenters who will appear at the 88th Oscars is shaping up as an international, multi-ethnic group of performers
'Training Day' TV Pilot Gets Order At CBS CBS has officially ordered a pilot for a \u201cTraining Day\u201d TV series, TheWrap has learned.
Russell Simmons Joins Pledge To Provide One Million Water Bottles To Flint The mogul spent Monday in Flint delivering water and talking to locals.
On The Beat Of Black Lives And Bloodshed In my early years as a police reporter, I often pulled up to a crime scene minutes before the homicide detectives arrived
Michael J. Feeney, Former Daily News Reporter And NABJ Leader, Dead At 32 Michael J. Feeney died Sunday from health complications.
Here's A Way To Google Black History Like Never Before The Google Cultural Institute has made rare historical artifacts -- including writings by Martin Luther King and Frederick Douglass -- digitally accessible.
Guards Used A Martial Arts Restraint On This Teen. And Now She's Dead. They also waited 11 minutes to perform CPR on 16-year-old Gynnya McMillen, a report has found.
7 Things Coretta Scott King Should Be Remembered For ...Other than being the widow of Dr. King
Protests Over Police Shooting Could Disrupt Super Bowl Opening Activists aren't happy San Francisco is spending so much energy on the big game instead of addressing injustice in the city.
Lee Daniels Directing Apollo Theater Documentary Lee Daniels will direct the documentary feature film \u201cThe Apollo Theater Film Project,\u201d an authorized history of New York\u2019s
Oscars Line Up Five Non-White Presenters Whoopi Goldberg and Kevin Hart will be among the presenters who will be handing out Oscars at the 88th Academy Awards.
Chaka Khan Is Spreading Positive Self-Esteem With Her New Song And she's giving a fans a chance to be in her next video.
Russell Simmons Calls Out 'Environmental Racism' In Flint \We need the governor\u2019s hands in cuffs. If this happened in Beverly Hills... everybody would\u2019ve been in trouble.\
The 'Straight Outta Compton' Cast Was Not Invited To The Oscars While the anger surrounding the lack of diversity for this year\u2019s Oscar nominations may have subsided, there continues to
Fox Searchlight Acquires Sundance Hit 'Birth Of A Nation' For $17.5M Fox Searchlight says it will release \The Birth of a Nation\ later this year.
\u2018American Crime' Star Regina King On Her On-Screen Chemistry With Andre 3000 To know Terri LaCroix on ABC\u2019s American Crime is not to like her -- and that\u2019s the point.
Jay Z Is Being Sued For $18 Million Over His Cologne Jay Z's foray into fragrance could end up costing him millions, according to a new lawsuit. The rapper successfully dropped
Tamar Braxton Says Michelle Obama Inspired Her The talk show host really loved interviewing FLOTUS.
Jermaine Dupri \He's putting a message out here that we have to deal with as a society.\
Ava DuVernay Says Her New Show Will Have 'An All-Women Directorial Team' She's getting her \Shonda\ on.
Nate Parker's 'The Birth Of A Nation' A Powerful Achievement It took seven years for Parker to bring the story of slave rebellion leader Nat Turner to the screen.
The New Chicago Police Civil Rights Adviser Is A Smart Hire -- For Rahm Emanuel's Reputation Charles Ramsey, a Chicago native who recently retired as Philadelphia's police commissioner, has been hired as a consultant.
Two Brothers Drive From Chicago To Flint To Deliver Clean Water La'Mont and Nate Williams donated roughly 100 cases of water.
The Booming Marijuana Industry Is Still Too White Marijuana legalization efforts reveal the ways entrenched ideas about race and class impact the public's perception.
'Toni Braxton \u201cToni Braxton
Idris Elba, BBC Youth Network Team On Drama Shorts To Develop New Talent BBC Three, the U.K. public broadcaster's youth network that is going online-only next month, has revealed new programming
Her Name Was Janese Talton-Jackson And She Was Killed Because She Said No I did not know Janese Talton-Jackson on a personal level. There\u2019s a chance I might have seen her before. And a lesser chance
Nick Cannon Says The Oscars Debate Is A Distraction From Other Important Issues Cannon also supports Chris Rock's decision to remain the host of the annual ceremony.
Sean 'Diddy' Combs, Mark Wahlberg Donating One Million Bottles Of Water To Flint The water is expected to be delivered Wednesday.
Marlon Wayans Weighs In On The 'Cyclical' Nature Of Racial Comedy The comedian said his racial jokes are meant to stand the test of time.
Spike Lee Lauds Academy Changes, Still Plans To Skip Oscars Lee praised Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs and the organization's board of governors for \trying to do the right thing.\
Would Flint Crisis Happen In Wealthier, Whiter Community? \It's not just a water crisis. It's a racial crisis. It's a poverty crisis. That's what this is, and that's what created this.\
Dame Dash Is Disappointed In Cousin Stacey Dash For Black History Month Comments Dame Dash is disappointed with his cousin Stacey Dash\u2019s recent comments about Black History Month.
Big Sean Wants To 'Heal' Flint's Youth With Latest Initiative \Flint's children were hit the hardest and some have experienced permanent and potentially devastating health defects from lead poisoning,\u201d the rapper says.
'Empire' Star Malik Yoba Says Inclusion At The Oscars Isn't A 'Birthright' But he says everyone should \work toward building our own pathways to get our stories out to the masses.\
HBO Ordered A Black Lives Matter Documentary After Seeing This Year's Oscar Nominees As harrowing instances of racially charged police brutality continue to plague the nation, Black Lives Matter and other activist
Fired Police Chief, 2 Other Officers, Sue For Racial Discrimination One officer said a bloody deer's tail was left on his car's windshield.
Daniel Holtzclaw's Victims Say Their Lives Are Forever Changed \Every time I see the police, I don't even know what to do.\
Former Officer Daniel Holtzclaw To Be Sentenced For Rape, Sex Crimes Prosecutors said Holtzclaw preyed on black women in a low-income neighborhood in Oklahoma.
Smithsonian's Black History Museum To Get $10 Million Gift The museum will also be given two documents signed by President Abraham Lincoln
No Parole For KKK Leader Who Killed Black Teen With A Crossbow The former KKK leader was convicted in 1993 for killing 16-year-old Felicia Houston.
A Few Burning Questions For Fox News Regarding The 'Race Card' \u201cWill this race card give me health benefits?\
Tyrese Gibson Actor and singer Tyrese Gibson seems to be standing by his disapproval of black comedian Chris Rock hosting the Academy Awards
Sundance 2016 Films Featuring And Directed By Black Talent Once again, as the new year starts, so do the hopes for several filmmakers and talent who want to have their films picked
The Time Eddie Murphy Almost Skipped The Oscars Due To Diversity Some things never change.
Black Student Wins Settlement Over Alleged Barneys Profiling Trayon Christian has won a $45,000 settlement from New York City.
Rapper 2 Chainz Donates Home To Family Of 11 Uncle 2 Chainz came through.
Yasiin Bey Releases 'No More Parties In S.A.' Freestyle And Announces Musical Retirement Yasiin Bey, the artist formally known as Mos Def shared an audio message via Kanye West\u2019s website Tuesday night (January
Spike Lee Goes Off On The Oscars On 'Good Morning America' And it was awesome.
Norman Lear, Common, Shonda Rhimes To Explore Inequality In Epix Documentary Series Super-producers Norman Lear and Shonda Rhimes will team with celebrities including Amy Poehler and Common for a documentary
'Birth Of A Nation' Star Says Few Acting Roles For Black Men Have 'Integrity' Nate Parker shares his honest opinion on diversity in Hollywood.
Miki Howard 'Unsung' Biopic Wrapped And Ready To Air On TV One In June The life and times of powerhouse R&B vocalist Miki Howard will see the light of day in June via a television biopic, tentatively
'Hamilton' Scene Stealer Leslie Odom, Jr. Chose Finishing College Over First Big Broadway Offer 'Hamilton' is the hottest ticket in town.\u00a0 And Leslie Odom, Jr, who plays Vice President Aaron Burr in the hit musical, is
Stacey Dash Is Apparently Really Confused About Segregation. Like Really. Welp.
Demonstrators Block San Francisco Bay Bridge In MLK Day Protest Protesters angered by police violence chained themselves together.
Ryan Coogler's #MLKNOW Event Was The Pinnacle Of Art And Activism It was a beautiful look at the past, present, and future of black Hollywood.
Stephen Colbert Let DeRay McKesson Interview Him About His Whiteness ... And it was brilliant.
'Boyz n the Hood' Director John Singleton Not 'Worried' About White Oscars While Spike Lee and Jada Pinkett Smith have called for an Oscar boycott, John Singleton, who became the first African-American
Why Mo'Nique Said It Was Never A 'Dream' To Win An Oscar The Oscar-winning actress on how she viewed the ceremony as a young black girl and why we should value the NAACP Image Awards just as much.
Family Of Man Killed By Cops Marches In MLK Parade To Demand Justice \My son's life mattered, just like in Chicago, Missouri, Baltimore ...\
Family Of Samuel DuBose Reach Settlement Of $5.3M The family will receive free tuition for his 12 children.
Anthony Anderson, Tracee Ellis Ross Take Jab At Oscar Noms' Lack Of Diversity Well, that didn't take long. \u00a0 At the Critics' Choice Awards on Sunday night, the first presenters of the evening \u2014 black
Students Imagine What MLK's Presidential Campaign Would Sound Like Today For the \Snapchat, tweet and texters\... you can't just \check-in, you have to show up too.\
Martin Luther King Jr.'s Complicated Legacy On Gun Violence \Dr. King was a nonviolent man, but even he understood the realities of self-defense and protecting his home and his family in the face of life-threatening violence.\
These Are The States Making The Most Racial Progress Progress takes time and hard work, but we're getting there.
Martin Luther King Jr. Day Celebrates 30th Anniversary Martin Luther King Jr. Day became a federal holiday in 1986.
Chris Rock, Michael B. Jordan, Octavia Spencer To Headline MLK Celebration Chris Rock, Octavia Spencer, Michael B. Jordan and Harry Belafonte are among the Hollywood stars who will headline \u201cMLK Now
Hannibal Buress Calls Impact Of His Bill Cosby Joke 'Weird,' Unexpected The comedian said he didn't perform the joke with the idea it would have repercussions for Cosby.
Education, Integration and Equality When Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. marched, preached and toiled during the height of the Civil Rights Movement, he knew the sordid history of this country -- and was deeply mired in its bigoted present -- and yet, he still imagined that things could be different. He saw the ugliness but believed in the beauty. What would Dr. King think about our country today? I think he still would have hope. And here's why.
Empire Renewed For Season 3 The reign will continue
Videos Of Chicago Police Shooting Of Cedrick Chatman Released Videos of another fatal shooting by a white Chicago police officer of a black teenager were released Thursday, after a federal
Rev. Al Sharpton Blasts Oscars, Group Plans Boycott Of Award Show \u201cYet again, deserving black actors and directors were ignored by the Academy,\ Sharpton said.
Fox Orders Baseball Drama About A Female Pitcher Starring Kylie Bunbury Fox is stepping up to the plate with its new series. The network announced Thursday night it\u2019s ordered a pilot for\u00a0Pitch
People Across The Country Share How MLK Has Inspired Them \Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that.\
Ruby Dee Documentary Offers Her Pearls Of Wisdom The film will make its small-screen debut on Centric TV on January 17.
Twitter Pays Homage To MLK's Legacy With #IHaveADream2016 One day...
Run DMC, Herbie Hancock And Earth, Wind & Fire To Receive Grammy Lifetime Achievement Awards The 58th Annual Grammy Awards are just one month away and music\u2019s biggest stars are gearing up to see who will go home with
Why Elle.com's #BlackGirlMagic Article Totally Misses The Mark #BlackGirlMagic isn't meant to be condescending to black women, it's meant to celebrate them.
Serena Williams Thought 'Netflix And Chill' Actually Meant Watch Netflix And Chill Tennis, love advice, slaying the masses... what doesn't she excel at?
NYC Cab Driver Pleads Guilty To Refusing Service To Al Roker The driver has been fined $500.
New CBS Entertainment Chief Vows More Prime-Time Diversity \We're not casting color blind, we're casting color conscious.\
'Negro Winter' Is Upon Us, At Least According To Marlon Wayans \u201cSo basically, it\u2019s cold.\
Bill Cosby And His Enablers Even victims of discrimination can look away from\u2014and thereby enable\u2014other forms of violence.
Michelle King Becomes First Black Female Lead For L.A. School District For months, a high-profile head-hunting firm searched the nation for a new superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School
Nas Partners With Bevel For Company's Newest Trimmer Calling all fellas
Otis Clay, Hall Of Fame Rhythm And Blues Singer, Dies At 73 \Otis was the last standard-bearer for deep southern soul music.\
This Couple Is Proving Why Double Dutch Isn't Just For Kids These trainers can teach anyone how to double dutch in only a minute.
Black Harry Potter Star Has Perfect Response To Racist Backlash Noma Dumezweni said the prejudice criticism \stems from ignorance.\
Kevin Hart's Workout Is Nothing To Laugh At \Why not be the best version of myself possible?\
Sidney Poitier To Get BAFTA Fellowship Sidney Poitier is set to receive the BAFTA Fellowship at the film academy's main awards ceremony to be held in London on
Trial Delayed For Van Driver In Freddie Gray Death Caesar Goodson is the second of six officers scheduled for trial.
'Black-ish' Goes Straight-Up Black With Kendrick Lamar For Promo Video Although ABC\u2019s hit show is titled Black-ish, their latest promo video is straight-up black.
Central Park Five Administrators reportedly were concerned the lessons would cause \riots\ among black students.
Natalie Cole's Funeral Service Set For Monday R&B star Chaka Khan is expected to sing at the funeral.
NYPD Sergeant In Eric Garner's Death Faces Departmental Charges This is the first departmental charge of wrongdoing in Eric Garner's case.
Canada Denies Refugee Status To Black American Fleeing Police Violence The refugee board claimed his fear of persecution wasn't \well-founded.\
LeVar Burton Says The Time Is Right For A 'Roots' Remake There's no set date yet for when the new \Roots\ will air.
Kerry Washington On Portraying Anita Hill \Portraying somebody who's real is a different kind of responsibility.\
Kendrick Lamar Unveils New Music During 'Tonight Show' Performance The rapper also shares why he doesn't want to surpass Michael Jackson's Grammy nomination record.
Boyz II Men Joins The 'Grease Live!' Cast Legendary 90s R&B group Boyz II Men is gearing up to play the role of the \u2018Teen Angels \u2018in Fox\u2019s live reimagining of the
'Project Greenlight' Breakout Effie Brown Joins Lee Daniels' Company \We\u2019re elated to have Effie on board for this new chapter,\ Lee Daniels said.
Amandla Stenberg Says She 'Identifies As A Black, Bisexual Woman' \Bi black girls unite.\
Kelly Rowland, Snoop Dogg Join New BET Series \It's not a reality competition show.\
VH1 Soul Is Now BET Soul, Will Offer Original Programming VH1 Soul has been given a new name, and eventually it\u2019ll get a face-lift. As of Dec. 28, the channel became known as BET
Georgia Prosecutor Seeks Indictment Of Cop Who Killed Unarmed Black Veteran Anthony Hill was an Air Force veteran who served in Afghanistan.
Baz Luhrmann Hip-Hop Drama Gets Netflix Series Order Netflix is ready to get down with Baz Luhrmann. Following a lengthy deal making process, the streaming service has handed
Tamir Rice's Mom Expected More From Lebron James \I think it's quite sad that LeBron hasn't spoken out about my son.\u201d
Ohio Prosecutor Won't Release Tamir Rice Grand Jury Testimony In response, the NAACP said they are planning to file a motion with the judge.
Video TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) \u2014 A woman who collapsed and later died after being forcibly removed from a Florida hospital lay in
Sandra Bland's Mother Says Cop's Perjury Charge Is 'Not Justice' \I'm angry, absolutely. ... That's not justice for me.\
NAACP In Ohio Seeks Grand Jury Docs In Tamir Rice Case Members say they want to see and analyze everything that grand jurors heard in the case.
Malcolm-Jamal Warner \The legacy could never really be tarnished,\ the actor said.
Jazz Drummer Terri Lyne Carrington Shares Fond Memories Of Her Friend Natalie Cole I met Natalie Cole when I was about 11 or 12 years old backstage at one of her shows. My aunt brought me to the show and
Brandy\u2019s Feeling The Sweet, Sweet Blues On Her New Song What's this? Brandy's back on TV and has new music out at the same time? That's a whole lot of '90s/early 2000s nostalgia
BET Renews 'Being Mary Jane' For Season 4 Being Mary Jane is sticking around. \u00a0 BET has renewed the Gabrielle Union-led series for a fourth season, the network announced
Poet Nails What President Obama Means To Young Black Men \One day I'll tell my children, about how my president was black.\
White People 'Are A Lot More Blind Than I Thought,' Killer Mike Tells Stephen Colbert \The same problems that we're discussing today, we discussed in 1990, 1980, 1970 and 1960,\ the rapper said.
Patti LaBelle Launches Two New Cakes At Walmart Patti LaBelle is making it a sweet 2016. After the sold-out success of her seasonal sweet potato pie, the soulful songstress
Mack Wilds And DJ Premier On How They Helped VH1's Acclaimed Movie Keep It Real Even Lucious Lyon's Empire wasn't built in a day. Another music-centric television project, VH1's movie The Breaks, which
Larry Wilmore Slams Bill Cosby In case you had any doubt, Wilmore really, really hates Cosby.
Arsenio Hall Tapped To Host 'BET Honors' Arsenio Hall is on his way back to the small screen.
How Iggy Azalea Mastered Her \u2018Blaccent\u2019 Surely, the strangest turn on the music scene in recent years was a white Australian\u2019s ascent to the pinnacle of American
Michael Slager, Ex-Cop Who Killed Walter Scott, Released On Bail Slager will stand trial in October for killing the unarmed black motorist in South Carolina.
This Is What It's Like To Be The Only Black Kid In Class \What if, as children, we were forced to grow up in a school as colorful as our crayon boxes?\
'Creed' Director Ryan Coogler Tapped To Lead Marvel's 'Black Panther' The film has landed one of the industry's top black filmmakers.
Patti LaBelle On Close Friend Natalie Cole When Natalie Cole scored her career-launching debut in 1975 with \This Will Be,\u201d the No. 1 R&B and No. 6 pop hit, she found
Tamir Rice\u2019s Mother Calls Out 'Corrupt' Criminal Justice System \We mourn for Tamir, and for all of the black people who have been killed by the police without justice.\u201d
The Severe Consequences Of Racial Wealth Gap On Black Lives Due to the racial wealth gap, black families have far less in savings than whites. The consequences can be far-reaching and
NYT Tamir Rice of Cleveland would be alive today had he been a white 12-year-old playing with a toy gun in just about any middle
Here's What We Want White America To Know About Race In 2016, let's please do better.
Chicago Officer Who Shot Laquan McDonald Pleads Not Guilty Jason Van Dyke faces six counts of first-degree murder and one of official misconduct in the 17-year-old's death.
Tamir Rice's Family Lawyer Speaks Out Against Grand Jury Decision Zoe Salzman told HuffPost Live that the prosecutor \mishandled and abused the grand jury process.\
At 80, W.J. Wilson, Scholar Of Race And Class, Looks Ahead Wilson's influence extends from the campus to the inner city to television to the White House.
Families Of Slain Teen And Neighbor Denounce Chicago Police \I used to watch the news daily and I would grieve for other mothers, other family members, and now today I'm grieving myself.\
Family Doesn't Believe Charges Are Likely In Police Killing Of Tamir Rice \This is apparently how long it takes to engineer denying justice to a family.\
These Are The Most Powerful Statements John Legend Made In 2015 \A just society is not one built on fear or repression or vengeance or exclusion, but one built on love.\
New Exhibit Captures The Styles Of Harlem-Born Artist Norman Lewis Normal Lewis was the first African-American artist to be awarded the Carnegie International Award in Painting.
William Guest, Gladys Knight And The Pips Member, Dies At The Age Of 74 Gladys Knight and the Pips were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 and the Apollo Hall of Fame in 2006.
Black Lives Matter Activists Stage Actions To Disrupt Busy Christmas Shopping Day \There will be no business as usual until we get accountability for our dead, and justice for the living,\ the group said.
Audio Of Laquan McDonald Shooting Released Police radio recordings reveal officers repeatedly requested Taser backup.
Black Lives Matter Protest Moves From Mall Of America To Airport Police said a total of 15 people were arrested at both sites.
Ludacris Gives Back During Visit To A Children's Hospital Merry Ludacrismas!
Jackie Wilson Hologram Tour Coming In 2017 Add another name to the growing list of artist recreations by Hologram USA
Sandra Bland's Case Highlights Some Lax Texas State Police Practices Records show at least six formal complaints have been found valid since the beginning of 2012 against members of the nearly 4,000-strong force for violating traffic stop procedures.
Grand Jury Could Still Snare Trooper Who Arrested Sandra Bland Bland's family is calling for a federal prosecution.
Woman Admits To Placing Confederate Flag On Black Co-Worker's Desk The woman pleaded guilty to lying to a federal officer.
Protest To Continue After Judge Bars Black Lives Matter Organizers From Mall Of America The judge also denied the mall's request to order the organizers to remove posts about the protest from social media.
Mall Of America Wants To Keep Out Black Lives Matter Protesters Protesters are demanding videos showing the fatal police shooting of Jamar Clark.
Some People Are Pissed Off About The Casting Of A Black Hermione Granger Too bad there isn't a magical spell to silence the haters.
Ozell Sutton, Longtime Civil Rights Activist, Dies At 90 Ozell Sutton marched for equal rights alongside Dr. King in Selma, Alabama.
Tracee Ellis Ross Declares Black Lives DO Matter On 'Larry King Now' The \Black-ish\ star gave straight facts.
Black Jobless Rate Is Much Higher Than Whites Regardless Of Education And it always has been, according to the Economic Policy Institute.
Nicki Minaj Reveals Actress To Play Her In New ABC Family Comedy Nicki Minaj has found the young actress to portray her in the forthcoming ABC Family comedy, \Nicki,\ based on the rapper's
Retrial Set For Baltimore Cop Charged In Freddie Gray's Death After a mistrial, Baltimore Police officer William Porter will be re-tried in June.
Aretha Franklin Makes Surprise Appearance During Holiday Concert The concert followed a ribbon-cutting ceremony hosted by Bette Midler.
On the \A\ w/Souleo Belle shared with us details on her newfound personal freedom enabling her return to R&B, early career struggles, the lesson Phyllis Hyman taught her, remaining relevant and why she proudly wears her gray hair.
Black Lives Matter Protesters To Hold Rally At Mall Of America Demonstrators will protest the fatal police shooting of Jamar Clark.
A Trial Date Has Been Set In Sandra Bland's Wrongful-Death Suit A U.S. district judge set trial for Jan. 23, 2017 for the lawsuit filed by the family of Sandra Bland
Attorney For Freddie Gray's Family Says Mistrial Is 'A Fresh Start' \You would not necessarily expect that the next jury will look at the evidence the same way that this jury has looked at it.\
Why The Fed's Rate Hike Will Hit Black People Harder Than Whites Unemployment is twice as bad for black people as it is for white people. This isn't going to help.
N.W.A. Among 2016 Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Inductees More than 800 voters of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation selected the inductees.
Meek Mill Hopes To Avoid Jail Over Probation Issues The rapper has been on parole for years over a 2009 drug and gun conviction.
Lifetime Releases The First Trailer For Toni Braxton\u2019s \u2018Unbreak My Heart\u2019 The first trailer for the upcoming Toni Braxton Lifetime biopic \Unbreak My Heart\\u00a0has been released, and so far it looks
New Orleans Poised To Make Sweeping Break With Its Confederate Past \Supremacy may be a part of our past, but it should not be part of our future.\
Chadwick Boseman To Play Thurgood Marshall In New Film \Django Unchained\ producer Reginald Hudlin is set to direct the film.
Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Sets New Sales Record \'Thriller' continues to be the yardstick against which all other albums are measured.\
Patti Labelle, LA Reid, Lee Daniels Among 2016 BET Honorees The special will air Feb. 23.
Woman's Lawsuit Claims Cop Called Her 'Dyke,' Assaulted Her During False Arrest She says she's having nightmares about police trying to kill her.
Alexander McQueen Faces Another Racial Discrimination Suit Two black employees filed a suit on Thursday.
Jury Deadlocked In Case Of Officer Charged In Freddie Gray Death BALTIMORE, Dec 15 (Reuters) - A Maryland judge on Tuesday ordered a deadlocked jury to continue deliberating in the trial
Prosecutors In Tamir Rice Case Bizarrely Pointed Toy Gun At Witness, Lawyers Allege The family's lawyers called for a federal investigation into the shooting, saying the current investigation is a \grave miscarriage of justice.\
Baltimore Braces As Freddie Gray Case Goes To Jury It's the first of the cases against six Baltimore police officers charged over Gray's death.
Idris Elba Returns For Another Murder Case As 'Luther' \It's unfinished business, it's fertile ground.\
You've Never Seen The Civil Rights Movement Captured Like This All it needed was a hashtag, apparently.
11 Ridiculous Moments From This Year We Don't Want To See In 2016 Do better.
Why Lalah Hathaway Says This 40-Year-Old Song Still Needs Singing The Grammy Award-winning vocalist on performing her father's 1972 track \Little Ghetto Boy.\
High School Removes \u2018Huckleberry Finn\u2019 Over Portrayal Of Blacks Racial slurs in Mark Twain's 1885 classic are said to make some students uncomfortable.
Black Man Fatally Shot By Cops 21 Times Never Raised Knife, Lawyer Says Mario Woods' family filed a lawsuit over his deadly encounter with police.
\u2018Shots Fired\u2019 Fox Event Series Starring Sanaa Lathan Gets Formal Green Light Fox Broadcasting Co. has officially ordered an event series from Love & Basketball\u00a0filmmaker Gina Prince-Bythe and Empire
One Critical Way The Justice System Keeps Failing After Police Shootings Two weeks ago, the police officer who shot Laquan McDonald in Chicago was charged with first-degree murder. Since then, the
Willow Smith Just Dropped Her Surprise Debut Album We see you, Willow!
Victims Of Ex-Oklahoma Cop Convicted Of Serial Rape Speak Out \All I could think was, he was going to shoot me, he was going to kill me.\
Spike Lee Spike Lee continues tackling controversial subject matter through the art of his film-making.\u00a0 But as veteran entertainment
'Eclipsed' Actress Saycon Sengbloh Has The Role Of A 'Lifetime' While Oscar winner Lupita Nyongo seemed to get all of the attention for the upcoming Broadway play 'Eclipsed,' veteran entertainment
J.J. Abrams Says Ava DuVernay Would Make A Great 'Star Wars' The force is strong with this one.
Twitter Launches Michelle Obama's Rap Career With #FlotusBars FLOTUS on the mic!
That Time T-Pain Sang An Entire Concert Without Autotune Yes, it really happened.
San Francisco Police Chief Pressured To Quit After Cops Shoot Black Man Officers reportedly shot the 26-year-old man 21 times after he refused to drop a knife.
Michael Eric Dyson \Sometimes President Obama didn't have permission to be black in public.\
Queen Latifah To Star In Lee Daniels' Drama Pilot The pilot begins production this month in Atlanta.
What You Need To Know About The Freddie Gray Trial So Far William Porter faces manslaughter, assault, misconduct in office and reckless endangerment charges.
Protesters Take To Chicago Streets After Rahm Emanuel Apologizes For Police Scandal 'Mayor Emanuel is morally corrupt!'
\u2018Empire\u2019s Lee Daniels Hit With 'Weird' Residuals Lawsuit By SAG-AFTRA Just over a month after the Empire co-creator was honored by the SAG AFTRA Foundation, SAG-AFTRA sued Lee Daniels today in
Million-Dollar Wu-Tang Album Bought By Pharmaceutical Price-Gouger Martin Shkreli Martin Shkreli, a 32-year-old pharmaceutical executive who infamously raised the price of a life-saving AIDs and cancer drug
Russell Simmons To Trump Simmons implores his old friend to \stop fueling fires of hate.\
President Obama Marks 150th Anniversary Of Abolishment Of Slavery \We condemn ourselves to shackles once more if we fail to answer those who wonder if they\u2019re truly equals in their communities.\
One Woman Shares Her Difficult Experiences Of Traveling While Black Offensive comments and stares don't keep Jo Franco from exploring.
Obama Names Kendrick Lamar Song As His Favorite Of 2015, Becomes Coolest President Ever Michelle locks down the title of coolest First Lady, too.
Behold The Glorious Footage Of Kanye West's Oxford Lecture He hits us up with \the best, illest quotes.\
'Straight Outta Compton' Named Best Film Of 2015 By Black Film Critics Actors Will Smith and Teyonah Parris were also top winners.
'Black-ish' Leads The NAACP Image Awards Nominees \Empire\ and \Being Mary Jane\ also get major nods.
Being Black And Loud Is Necessary, One Poet Demands \This can't be the land of the free and home of the brave only for some.\
People Of Color With Albinism Ask Growing up, Natalie Devora always questioned how she fit into her African-American family. \Everyone was brown, and then
Video Relaunches Investigation Into Death Of Man Held By Chicago Police Philip Coleman died in police custody in 2012. Thanks to just-released video, officials are now promising to reopen the case.
Rapper 2 Chainz Just Proved Black Santa Claus Is Real And he created a Christmas miracle for one disabled veteran.
\u2018Creed\u2019s\u2019 Ryan Coogler in Talks to Direct \u2018Black Panther\u2019 \u201cCreed\u201d helmer Ryan Coogler is in talks to direct Marvel\u2019s \u201cBlack Panther,\u201d sources confirm for\u00a0Variety. Kevin Feige is producing
Chicago Rapper Says 'Chi-Raq' Is 'Exploitative And Problematic' Chance The Rapper says the film is \offensive\ to mothers who have lost a child to violence.
Nick Cannon on Chi-Raq, the Folly of Manhood and Sex Strikes Spike Lee\u2019s latest, Chi-Raq, is a dizzying m\u00e9lange of genres, tones, and styles, all whirling around two poles
Mother Of 12 Fought Her 20-Year Drug Addiction And Just Wants Her Family For Christmas After being homeless and strung out on drugs, all this recovering mother wants are her children.
A Cop Faces Charges Of Serial Rape, Yet His 13 Black Accusers Are On Trial Prosecutors say the officer preyed on poor, black women because he knew they wouldn't speak up.
'The Wiz Live!' Brings The Best Of Black Excellence To TV 'The Wiz Live!' made history Thursday night.
Here's How The Beautiful Costumes For 'The Wiz Live!' Came Together The costumes in the show were absolutely stunning.
Melvin Williams, Actor And Inspiration For \u2018The Wire,\u2019 Dies At 73 Melvin Williams, the one-time Baltimore drug kingpin whose transformation helped inspire David Simon\u2019s HBO series \u201cThe Wire
Patti LaBelle And Her YouTube Fan Have A Lot Up Their Sleeves James Wright Chanel sang his way into LaBelle's kitchen... and heart.
T.I. Will Star In A+E Networks \u2018Roots\u2019 Remake T.I. was casted for A+E Networks\u2019 Roots remake. Tip will be featured in the finale episode of the four-part miniseries, Variety
8 Truly Magical Moments From 'The Wiz Live!' They took us over the rainbow and back again!
What Happened When One High School Started An Open Conversation About Race Creating a supportive environment for students to share their experiences \u201cmakes perfect sense for our time and place in history.\
8 Arrested As Police Tear Down Protest Camp In Minneapolis Demonstrators headed by the local Black Lives Matter group had gathered at the site since the Nov. 16 death of 24-year-old Jamar Clark.
Man Convicted Of Displaying Noose Is Arrested Again He was arrested Tuesday after he put up a sign in front of his home that read \Got rope?\
College-Educated Blacks Are Twice As Likely To Be Unemployed As Other Grads As a new crop of college graduates joins the American workforce, unemployment rates amount minorities with degrees remain
Why Millennials Of Color Can't Get Ahead Millennials of color \u2014 even highly educated ones \u2014 are finding it hard to get ahead and build wealth. But why? In the current
In Brief Statement, Cleveland Cop Said He Thought Tamir Rice Was 'Active Shooter' Statements from the two cops involved are so short that one doesn't even mention Tamir was shot.
Legendary Producer Norman Lear Says TV Is Still A Place To Talk About Race \The problems are still there to be talked about.\
Drake Is Spotify's Most Streamed Artist Of The Year Globally Started from the bottom now he's here!
Tupac Shakur Biopic Recruits New Director Eight months after director John Singleton parted ways with the Tupac Shakur biopic \u2013 and just a month after his replacement
Mike Epps Taps Into His Inner Patti LaBelle For Taste Test Reenactment Patti Fever can't be stopped
Frank Miller's Latest Batman Tackles Police Brutality A young black man runs from corrupt cops, and only Batman can save him.
Black Men From The 'Hood' Spread Joy By Caroling In The 'Burbs All is calm, all is bright in this epic prank video.
Meet The Instagram Star Elevating Black Contemporary Art Twenty-five-year-old Kimberly Drew is one of the art world's rising new tastemakers, specifically because her work is centered
'The Wiz Live!' Director On Why He Cast A Woman For The Title Role It's truly a \Brand New Day.\
How This Journalist Forced Officials To Release The Laquan McDonald Video Brandon Smith says he kept pushing, even after his FOIA request was denied.
AIDS Activist Completes 21-Month Rowing Journey Across The Atlantic Victor Mooney rows in memory of his brother who died of AIDS in 1983.
Donald Trump Cancels Press Event With Black Pastors After Finding Out They\u2019re Not Endorsing Him But he still plans to meet with about 100 religious leaders.
How Charlie Sheen Helped Reignite This AIDS Activist's Passion Sheryl Lee Ralph outlines her plans for World AIDS Day and the year ahead.
Laquan McDonald Protests Shut Down Chicago's 'Magnificent Mile' \The pain that we're feeling in neighborhoods now needs to be felt on Michigan Avenue.\
Chicago Protesters Ready Black Friday March For Laquan McDonald \This is going to give an opportunity for all of Chicago to come out, demonstrate their outrage and their anger in a nonviolent way.\
Corey Morgan Charged In Killing Of 9-Year-Old Tyshawn Lee Police questioned the suspect, 27, days after the boy's death. Now he's being charged.
Black Lives Matter Protesters In Chicago Plan To Boycott Black Friday One activist called on people to \rise up\ and shut down the Magnificent Mile shopping area on Friday.
The Other Laquan McDonalds Laquan McDonald was one of 19 men killed by the Chicago Police Department last year. As national media turns its attention
School Official CHICAGO (AP) \u2014 A black teenager shot 16 times by a white Chicago police officer was a ward of the state when he died, having
Rahm Emanuel\u2019s Learning What Happens When You Ignore Half Of The City The Chicago mayor must be held accountable for obstructing justice for Laquan McDonald, activists say.
Chicago Protesters To Storm Shopping District On Black Friday Tensions between residents and police are high in the Windy City.
Four New Laquan McDonald Shooting Videos Raise More Questions Newly released videos from four additional police vehicles at the scene of the 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald raise questions
Misty Copeland Is Helping To Bring Dance Lessons To Rwandan Kids The dancer just returned from Kigali, Rwanda, where shared her love of dance with children in the city.
Court \She doesn't want to be part of his life. It's all good.\
'Barbershop It\u2019s been more than 10 years since our last appointment at Calvin\u2019s Barbershop and now the gang is back, but with some pretty
#BeforeYouWatch Helps Bring Unity In Laquan McDonald Tragedy Encouraging messages for black people on social media amid the release of the video of Laquan McDonald's killing.
Protesters And Chicago Police Clash After City Releases Video Of Laquan McDonald ___ 5:35 p.m. Businesses in Chicago are advising tenants to be prepared for protests as Chicago officials release a video
Four Men Held In Connection With Shooting Of Minneapolis Protesters None of the five demonstrators wounded in Monday's shooting received life-threatening injuries, police said. Meanwhile, dozens
Killer Mike Says Bernie Sanders Is Like 'An Extension Of Dr. King' The two met for soul food at The Busy Bee in Atlanta on Nov. 23rd.
Shaun King Last year, Officer Jason Van Dyke, who had already received 17 civilian complaints in his career, shot Chicago teenager Laquan
The Man Beaten And Choked At A Donald Trump Rally Tells His Story When activist Mercutio Southall Jr. was curled up on the ground getting kicked, punched, and choked by Donald Trump supporters
Cross-Cultural Menu Ideas For A Code Switch Thanksgiving It's time to stop dancing around the issue. Thanksgiving food is trash. Sitting down to a standard Thanksgiving meal means
From \u2018The Wire\u2019 To \u2018Empire' The man who played Bubbles on 'The Wire' talks to veteran entertainment journalist Karu F. Daniels about this roller coaster
Idris Elba Posts A Teaser For The Upcoming 'Luther' Special Luther is back in a new teaser from star Idris Elba. The Golden Globe-winning actor tweeted a 10-second snippet from the
Videos Show Masked Men Threatening Minneapolis Black Lives Matter Before Shooting The recordings could offer clues to the identities of the men who shot black protesters on Monday night.
How The Gun Control Debate Ignores Black Lives By failing to talk about the majority of gun murder victims \u2014 black men \u2014 politicians and advocates are missing the chance
5 Shot Near Jamar Clark Protest Site In Minneapolis All five have injuries that are not life-threatening, a police spokesman said.
Cop Who Shot Black Chicago Teen 16 Times Charged With Murder Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder more than a year after the incident.
Police Chief Shocks City The newly sworn-in police chief has since apologized.
Lil Wayne Tour Bus Shooter Receives 20 Year Sentence The man charged in connection with the April incident where multiple gunshots were fired at Lil Wayne's tour buses in Atlanta
Al Roker Says New York City Taxi Passed Him To Pick Up A White Guy \This happens to folks of color every day.\
DOJ Lawyers Will Fly To Minneapolis To Probe Jamar Clark Shooting A key issue during their visit will be whether authorities should release to the public videos of the fatal shooting of 24-year-old Clark a week ago.
Tamir Rice's Family Demands Justice One Year After His Death His cousin started a petition to get answers.
Donald Trump Approves Of Supporters Who 'Roughed Up' Black Lives Matter Protester A Black Lives Matter protester was reportedly punched and kicked as he lay on the ground at a rally in Alabama.
\u2018To Hear A Mother\u2019s Cries \u2026 It Does Something To You' Meet the funeral home director who buries the dead in Baltimore's most violent year.
Trump Supporters Reportedly Beat Black Lives Matter Protester At Campaign Rally The reported attack in Birmingham, Alabama, was caught on video.
Grammy Winner Gregory Porter Shares The One Thing That Keeps Him Grounded The jazz singer says his family know just how to keep his feet firmly on the ground.
Chicago Rarely Penalizes Officers For Complaints, Data Shows In 18 years with the Chicago Police Department, the nation\u2019s second-largest, Jerome Finnigan had never been disciplined \u2014 although
It\u2019s 2015 And A High School Student Thought His KKK Costume Was OK So much for living in a \post-racial\ world.
Former Detroit Officer Found Guilty In Videotaped Beating Of Black Man The jurors found former officer William Melendez guilty of assault with intent to do great bodily harm and of misconduct in office.
One Of The Last Original Tuskegee Airmen Instructors Dies At 96 Milton Pitts Crenchaw, a flight instructor who trained the Tuskegee Airmen has died in Georgia.
'Color Purple' Scribe Alice Walker Opens Up About Her Work, Life and Passion As a new Broadway production of 'The Color Purple' gets underway, Pulitzer Prize winning author Alice Walker talks to veteran
Man At Center Of D.C. Twerking Sex Abuse Case Speaks Out WASHINGTON (ABC7) \u2014 7 On Your Side sat down with the man at the center of a sex abuse case that captured national attention
Rick Ross On New Album, Meek Mill And 50 Cent Beef \It's a lot of distractions that's meant to distract you from staying focused.\
Don Lemon Says He Would Probably Be Like Malcolm X If He Wasn't A Journalist Lemon X?
Nicki Minaj Channels Maya Angelou With Powerful Reading Of 'Still I Rise' Minaj carries on Angelou's legacy, and it's nothing short of badass!
Janet Mock Asks 'Who Am I To Me?' In Powerful New Clip \It's a question that we should ask ourselves whether we are 12 or 20.\
Hollywood's Diversity Problem Doesn't Get More Obvious Than This \As we prepared for this cover, we discovered precisely zero actresses of color in the Oscar conversation... That was appalling.\
My White Neighbor Thought I Was Breaking Into My Own Home And Called The Cops On Sept. 6, I locked myself out of my apartment in Santa Monica, Calif. I was in a rush to get to my weekly soccer game, so
Jamie Foxx's Daughter Corinne Named Miss Golden Globe 2016 Jamie Foxx is one proud papa. \u00a0 The actor's 21-year-old daughter Corinne Foxx has been named Miss Golden Globe 2016 by the
ABC Orders More Episodes Of 'Blackish' & 'Modern Family' ABC once again is looking for supersized seasons of its Wednesday comedy series The Middle, The Goldbergs, Modern Family
Uber Driver Says Passenger Mistook Him For A Muslim, Threatened To Kill Him It's one of at least nine alleged anti-Islam crimes in the U.S. since the Paris attacks.
Magic Johnson Reacts To Charlie Sheen's HIV Announcement \He can fight this disease and live a long life.\
Mizzou Protests Highlight Dearth Of Black Faculty Nationwide Students are demanding that faculty be 10% Black. Most flagship public universities have less than 5%.
Mary J. Blige Encourages 'Real Talk' On New Radio Show \It's really deep, it's really heavy, but it's really uplifting and inspiring.\
Missy On Her Music Comeback  And the encouraging words from Pharrell that helped the Grammy winner come back better than ever.
Denzel Washington To Receive Cecil B. DeMille Award At Golden Globes Denzel Washington has been named the 2016 recipient of the Cecil B. DeMille Award. The actor will be honored at the 73rd
Determined New Mom Finishes Psychology Exam While In Labor Because multitasking is what parenthood is all about.
'The Wiz Live!' Trailer Has Arrived And It's Amazing Get ready.
Zola Tells All On a recent night in Detroit, Aziah \Zola\ Wells returned to where it all began
Activists Demand Video Of Jamar Clark Shooting, Shut Down Minneapolis Freeway Police have refused calls to release video of the incident.
Protest Sparks After Black Man Shot By Police In Minneapolis \We have been saying for a significant amount of time that Minneapolis is one bullet away from Ferguson.\
Texas County Says Sandra Bland Was Despondent Over Not Meeting Bail An attorney for Bland's family says blaming relatives for her death was \completely unnecessary and inaccurate.\
Alicia Keys And Jay Z To Serve As Keynote Speakers For Harvard\u2019s African American Student Union Conference It has been six years since concrete jungle natives Alicia Keys and Jay Z teamed up to rep their hometown with \u201cEmpire State
Larry Wilmore Talks Covering Racism On Late Night TV The man behind one of late night's most diverse teams speaks out.
Pharrell, John Legend And Others Band Together For Concert Around Racial Inequality This televised concert is sure to be a mic drop.
Black Students Around America Speak Out About Casual, Everyday Racism \It's exhausting. It's fatiguing and, you know, we're frustrated.\
The Psychological Toll Of Racism In The Wake Of Mizzou How writing about racism everyday interacts with my mental illness.
Janet Jackson Reschedules Canceled Dates For Her \u2018Unbreakable\u2019 Tour After following the doctor\u2019s orders to rest her voice caused her to cancel a few performances while on her \u201cUnbreakable\u201d tour
Black Poet Explains Painful Reality Of Police Violence To His 4-Year-Old Nephew The harsh truth that every black child eventually has to hear.
Alicia Keys Laments 'Heartless' Justice System In Reform Pitch To Congress From time to time, celebrities visit Washington to join advocates in favor of a cause \u2013 often raising the profile of an issue
Tracy Morgan In Talks To Play Redd Foxx In Lee Daniels' Richard Pryor Biopic Tracy Morgan is in talks to play comedian Redd Foxx in Lee Daniels\u2018 biopic of Richard Pryor, an individual familiar with
A Conversation With Johari Osayi Idusuyi, The Hero Who Read Through A Trump Rally The identity of the woman who perfectly expressed a sane person\u2019s reaction to being at a Donald Trump rally by whipping out
Kandi Burruss On NeNe Kandi Burruss is pregnant and fabulous this season on The Real Housewives of Atlanta. Burruss is expected to deliver her
Black Student Spaces Vandalized At Mizzou And Bowie State University This is unacceptable.
DeRay McKesson Breaks Down The Real Meaning Of The 'Ferguson Effect' \If anything, the Ferguson Effect is people saying I know a better world is possible and I will fight for it.\
50 Best Workplaces for Diversity Fortune and Great Place to Work partnered with Essence and People en Espa\u00f1ol to survey companies that make inclusiveness
Mary J. Blige Talks 'The Wiz' And The Hope Of Getting Her Life Story To Broadway Mary J. Blige, the Queen of hip-hop and R&B, crosses over and gets wicked in the live NBC musical event of the year. As The
Rapper Jeezy Says Turmoil At Mizzou 'Makes No Sense' \This is the land of the free, the home of the brave. We have to live and honor that.\
Students Share Harsh Truths About Being #BlackOnCampus These students are speaking out, and we are all listening.
Howard University Increases Security After Students Receive Death Threats The historically black college will remain open, but they're urging students to \stay vigilant.\
Shanice Williams And Stephanie Mills Kill It Performing 'Home' From 'The Wiz Live' Prepare to get your life!
How Losing Her Sisters Fueled Patti LaBelle To Take Action \Nobody\u2019s exempt from anything.\
Kirk Franklin Apologizes To Gay Community For 'Homophobia' In Black Church Grammy-winning Gospel artist Kirk Franklin is back with his first studio album in four years, the provocatively titled Losing
Video Shows School Resource Officer Slam Black Teen To Ground Did this 84-pound student seem like a threat?
Lionsgate Extends Wendy Williams\u2019 Contract To 2022 Lionsgate has extended the contract of daytime talk show host Wendy Williams by seven years to 2022.
Anthony Anderson Recalls The Time He Was Mistaken For Idris Elba \Either I\u2019ve had a stroke of luck and upgraded, or Idris Elba fell the hell off!\
Ja Rule May Have Opened Up A Can Of Worms With This Comment About 50 Cent Somebody still has a chip on his shoulder.
Allen Toussaint, Legendary Pianist, Dies At The Age Of 77 Rescue workers were called to Toussaint's hotel early Tuesday morning and managed to revive him after he suffered a heart attack.
Black College Students Can Find Solace In This Social Media Movement In the midst of Mizzou, MyPWI gives students nationwide a voice.
What The Entire Country Needs To Learn From The Students At Mizzou Students have gotten what they wanted, but what does their victory represent?
This Is How Diddy Really Feels About Obama's Presidency There you have it, folks.
Why Regina King Calls Sisterhood Among Women In Hollywood 'Priceless' She talked about that adorable Emmy moment with Taraiji P. Henson.
What You Should Know About Politically-Engaged Black Millennials This report shows that young people of color are taking a stand.
Spike Lee Addresses 'Chiraq' Trailer Criticism Head On \People, don\u2019t get it twisted.\
Sheree Whitfield Defends 'RHOA' Filming At Million Man March Sheree Whitfield, one of the original cast members of The Real Housewives of Atlanta, is returning to the reality show Sunday
Hillary Clinton Outlines Plan To Strengthen Communities Of Color When I started my life in public service four decades ago, it was to tear down the barriers that hold people back from developing
Nonprofit Wants Money Back After Cop's 'Murder' Found To Be Staged Despite what many claimed, Black Lives Matter had nothing to do with the Illinois officer's death.
The One Thing Liberal White Folks Need To Stop Doing Reading Tah-Nehisi Coates doesn't make you an expert on what it's like to be a POC.
Kelly Rowland Says Motherhood Has Changed Her Life It has almost been one year since Kelly Rowland became a mom -- and now she\u2019s reflecting on how her \u201clife has completely
Jordan Davis' Mom Calls Gun Violence A 'National Crisis' In Meeting With Hillary Clinton \I can\u2019t continue to keep looking in the eyes of all the mothers that I meet [with] no answers on the murders of their children.\
'Straight Outta Compton' Becomes Highest-Grossing Movie From African-American Director Universal Pictures and Legendary\u2019s Straight Outta Compton\u00a0has earned $200 million at the worldwide box office.
RZA Donates To Help St. Louis Youth Find Empowerment Through Chess From \u201cDa Mystery of Chessboxin\u2018\u201d to that 2012 Liquid Swords special edition chess set bundle, it\u2019s not hard to figure out
The Public Overwhelmingly Agrees The Spring Valley Police Officer Was In The Wrong Regardless of party or race, most say it's an officer's job not to let conflict with a student escalate.
Puff Daddy Celebrates Birthday By Releasing Free Music Combs also announced that his next album, \No Way Out 2,\ will be his final album.
Serena Williams Used Her Tennis Superpowers To Take Down Phone Thief Just another day in the life for the GOAT.
Yale Investigates Claims Of 'White Girls Only' Fraternity Party A wide range of conflicting claims have surfaced after the Friday night party.
Jay Z's Tidal Moves Into Original Programming With Comedy Series Tidal is adding the first original comedy series to its library. The music streaming service launched by Jay Z has ordered
Becoming Shug Avery Jennifer Hudson is already an Oscar, Grammy and Golden Globe Award winner.\u00a0 But now she's gunning for a Tony Award.\u00a0 Entertainment
Amazon Releases First Trailer For Spike Lee\u2019s \u2018Chiraq\u2019 Spike Lee\u2019s new movie \u201cChiraq\u201d has received a new trailer, a month ahead of its release.
Former Cop Who Shot Unarmed Black Man Arrested For Shoplifting \Please keep me out of jail.\
Jamie Foxx Defends Quentin Tarantino's Police Comments Jamie Foxx defended Quentin Tarantino on stage at the Hollywood Film Awards on Sunday.
Medical Examiner Releases Amonderez Green Autopsy The medical examiner's autopsy concluded that Amonderez Green died after a single gunshot wound.
Zendaya Lands Another Huge Honor, Proves She's The Ultimate Role Model She's one of six black teens who made Time's \Most Influential\ list!
Filmmakers Rally Support To Release Maya Angelou Documentary A documentary on the lesser known aspects of Angelou's story might be heading to TV soon.
Ja Rule Says His 15-Year-Old Son Is Wary Of Police \He shouldn\u2019t have to feel like that.\u201d
A Black American Is Seeking Refuge In Canada From Police Racism Kyle Lydell Canty applied for asylum to escape police brutality.
Police Brutality Against Black Women Comes Into National Spotlight \We cannot continue to wait for something to show up on a video to ask for change.\
SUNY Plattsburgh Plans Diversity Initiatives In Response To Racist Cartoon The cartoon appeared on the cover of a student-run newspaper.
Assaulted Spring Valley High Girl Explains Why She Didn't Obey Orders The South Carolina student thrown from her seat by a school police officer had obeyed orders to put her cellphone away, and
Producer Of Tupac Biopic Sues For $10 Million A new lawsuit involving the Tupac biopic means more delays ahead for the long-awaited project.
Two White Students Wore A Racial Slur On Their Backs For Spirit Week The shirt read, \n***a we made it.\
Akon To Debut New Albums On His Own 'Stadium' App The singer-producer shares his plan to steer his fan base away from YouTube.
Students Protest Firing Of Spring Valley High School Officer Deputy Ben Fields was fired this week for violently arresting a black 16-year-old student.
Russell Simmons' RushCard Creates Fund To Help Customers RushCard, the pre-paid debit card backed by hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, will create a \multi-million dollar\ fund to help
Sammy Davis Jr. Biopic, Series In The Works With Byron Allen\u2019s Entertainment Studios Byron Allen\u2019s Entertainment Studios is developing a movie, TV series and documentary on Sammy Davis Jr., based on Matt Birkbeck\u2019s
'A Tour Of Burned Churches' Explores Race, Religion And Resilience In America \u201cYou can burn the church down, but God still stands.\
Paley Center Honors Quincy Jones, Diahann Carroll At Black Television Tribute In what seems to be a historic year for diversity on television, increasing the number of people of color in Hollywood continues
Mathew Knowles Slapped With $220K Tax Lien Just two weeks after promoting his seven-hour seminar about getting into the music industry, Mathew Knowles has been slapped
Attorney Defends Ex-Spring Valley High School Officer's Actions As 'Justified' The South Carolina sheriff's deputy was fired Wednesday.
Why The Notion Of A 'Ferguson Effect' On Policing Is So Problematic A HuffPost Live guest unpacks the Ferguson effect and explains why the idea is so troubling.
This Poet Unapologetically Rejects The Stereotypes Black Women Face \Black woman is told... that her melanin and estrogen cancel out the human in her DNA.\
Jill Scott Offers A Solution To Prevent Police Assaults In Schools Scott weighed in on the Spring Valley High School assault and what we should do going forward.
911 Calls Released In John Henson's Alleged Racial Profiling Incident \They just didn't sound like they were legitimate customers.\
Sheriff Pulls The Ultimate 'But He Has A Black Friend' Defense Of Spring Valley High Deputy \He's been dating an African-American female for quite some time now.\
Assaulted S.C. Student Is A Recent Orphan Living In Foster Care, Attorney Says Student's lawyer
Harlem Globetrotters And Stomp Make Incredible Music... With Basketballs The entire video was shot in one take -- but it took seven tries to get it right.
This Is What It Feels Like To Play Adele's Love Interest \HELLO\ it's the actor from \The Wire\ and \90210!\
Watch Nicki Minaj And Beyonce Prep For 'Feeling Myself' Performance So good.
Obama Puts White House Light On Diversity In American Music The latest installment of the PBS series \In Performance at the White House\ is set to air on Jan. 8.
Idris Elba Joins Disney's 'Zootopia' Cast As A Brawny, Goofy Buffalo Cop Though he may not have nabbed the role of superspy James Bond just yet, Idris Elba is dipping his toes into the world of
Bobby Shmurda Has A Message From Jail For His Young Fans A little positivity.
Russell Simmons Says His Debit RushCards \u2018Working\u2019 After Lawsuit, Federal Investigation Russell Simmons said this weekend that technical issues plaguing his pre-paid debit cards \u2013 called RushCard \u2013 have been resolved
Redd Foxx And Andy Kaufman To Tour As Holograms As comedians, Redd Foxx and Andy Kaufman could hardly be more different. Foxx, the pioneering nightclub performer and star
'Do The White Thing' Is A Hilarious Take On Spike Lee's Classic Film This isn't the same Brooklyn Spike Lee showed us 26 years ago.
'Lost' Actor Responds To Critics Of Biracial Daughter Playing A Black Character \Can we stop looking to Hollywood to define who we are and find ways that we can define ourselves?\
Usher And Harry Belafonte Talk Activism In Joint Appearance \When do we really face the issues that are within our system?\
QUIZ This is way harder than it sounds.
Sean Penn Seeks To Sanction Lee Daniels Over Tactics In Defamation Fight The legal dispute between Sean Penn and Empire co-creator Lee Daniels is turning on tactics quickly. \u00a0 In September, Penn
Debra Martin Chase Developing Showtime Comedy About 1990s Game Show Models Showtime is developing 36-24-36, a half-hour comedy executive produced by author/screenwriter/playwright Delia Ephron (You\u2019ve
Spike Lee Blasts Chicago Mayor Over 'Chi-raq' Movie Title \... He\u2019s a bully... He\u2019s not gonna bully me.\
Black Cop Says He Was Unfairly Demoted In State With Dismal Police Diversity Meanwhile, a white cop wasn't punished for accidentally killing two K9 dogs.
Ebony Senior Editor Explains The Thought Behind Ebony's Provocative Cosby Cover Jamilah Lemieux responded to Malcolm-Jamal Warner's critique of the magazine cover on HuffPost Live.
Judge Dismisses Copyright Infringement Case Against Jay Z \My client is pleased with and gratified by the decision.\
How Harry Belafonte Helped Bring Usher\u2019s 'Chains' Racial Injustice Campaign To Life Usher\u2019s latest musical release is more than just a song. The singer confronts racial injustices and police brutality with
A TV Series Based On 'Think Like A Man' Is In Development At Fox With a number of other past feature-length films becoming TV series, I suppose everything is game at this point; although
Diddy Offers Honest Advice To 2016 Voters The mogul shares an interesting take on America's voting process.
Stars Celebrate Women In Entertainment During Women In Hollywood Celebration \Imagine how many millions of women's stories there are for us to tell.\
Production, Casting Heat Up On Lee Daniels' TV Pilot 'Star' The \Star\ pilot will be taped in Atlanta.
Arsons At 6 Black Churches In St. Louis Area Are Linked Authorities don't know yet whether the attacks were racially or religiously motivated.
His Name Is Ahmed Mohamed, Not 'Clock Kid' Why the seemingly cute nickname is a problem.
Martese Johnson, Black Virginia Student Bloodied During Arrest, Files $3 Million Suit The suit  alleges false arrest, excessive use of force, civil rights violations and a failure to train or supervise the agents adequately.
'Black To The Future' Parody Shows That Racism Still Isn't A Thing Of The Past How far have we REALLY come?
Solidarity, Prayers And Support For Torched St. Louis Churches Six predominantly black churches in St. Louis were the target of arson within the last two weeks.
After His Car Broke Down, Florida Church Drummer Shot And Killed By Plainclothes Officer Huntsberger said he called roadside assistance for his bandmate and then, about 2:30 a.m., left to head home while Jones
Common Supports Hillary Clinton, Thinks A Woman President Would Be 'Wonderful' \u201cI think it could be something powerful.\
Anthony Mackie The 'Captain America' actor wants everyone to know that he was kidding.
Plainclothes Cop Fatally Shoots Drummer, Claims He Was Armed \We\u2019re really numb right now, just trying to understand what happened.\
The Weeknd, Mark Ronson And Bruno Mars Lead Soul Train Nominations NEW YORK (AP) -- The Weeknd and the duo behind \Uptown Funk,\ Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars, are tied for five nominations each
David Oyelowo Returns To Theater With 'Othello' Role James Bond star Daniel Craig will also join Oyelowo for the production.
Usher's New Video Confronts Racial Injustice Like You've Never Seen \It is important not only to feel the issue but to face it.\ #DontLookAway
Zendaya Channels Grace Jones In Photos And The Result Is Flawless As expected, Zendaya slays again.
Lil Wayne's Lawyer Issues Cease-and-Desist Over Alleged Sex Tape Lil Wayne\u2019s legal team has sent a cease-and-desist letter to a blog that has been posting clips of a sex tape that allegedly
The Obamas Wish Usher Happy Birthday In This Adorable Video This really happened.
Police Department Bias Trainings Are More In Demand Than Ever But no one can say for sure if they're actually changing attitudes.
13 Of The #GreatestMomentsInBlackTwitterHistory This hilarious hashtag sweeps the Internet.
Head Of Hollywood Academy \It is now a global discussion, and that's really important.\
Sean Combs To Produce \u2018The Hustle\u2019 ABC Comedy Inspired By His Assistant ABC is developing 'The Hustle' (working title), a single-camera comedy executive produced by Sean Combs and directed by Jeremy
First Look NBC has shared an early glimpse of the highly stylized costumes for Elijah Kelley as the Scarecrow, NE-YO as the Tin Man
Sit-In At Baltimore City Hall Over Top Cop Hiring Disbanded Overnight BALTIMORE (AP) \u2014 Baltimore police disbanded an overnight occupation of City Hall by activists opposed to moves to make the
Why A Church Says Bike Lanes Could Violate Their Religious Freedom The historically black church alleges the city is trying to run them out in the wake of gentrification.
This Adorably Quirky Little Guy Reminds Us It's Cool To Be Different Meet Luis, our new hero.
Whoopi Goldberg Is Not A Fan Of Viola Davis' Take On Hollywood Diversity \I'm not sure what it means,\ Goldberg said of Davis' Emmy speech.
Jay Z Testifies In Dispute Over His Hit Song 'Big Pimpin' \I like the song,\ Carter said. \It's pretty good.\
Taraji P. Henson Reacts To First Family's Thoughts On 'Empire' FLOTUS' comment caused Taraji P. Henson to drop the phone.
Jesse Owens Biopic 'Race' Gets First Teaser Focus Pictures released the first teaser for Race on Tuesday, the new Jesse Owens biopic running into theaters next year
Ludacris & Ryan Seacrest To Produce CBS Marching Band Drama CBS is expanding its relationship with writer Paul Downs Colaizzo. The scribe, who last season saw medical drama LFE go to
Dr. Dre Proposes Tour With Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar Although Dr. Dre released what he dubbed his \grand finale\ with Compton, the rapper isn't entirely closing the book on his
Suge Knight, Katt Williams Ordered To Trial In Robbery Case Knight and Williams have pleaded not guilty and are due to be re-arraigned in the case on Oct. 27
Tamir Rice Investigation Turning Into Another Ferguson, Family's Lawyer Says Victim's mother is \afraid that what will happen to her is what happened in Ferguson.\
DMC, Big Freedia, And More Join VH1\u2019s Special Love & Hip Hop This season, VH1\u2019s \u201cLove & Hip Hop
Bobby Brown Working On 'Unvarnished' Memoir \I hope my fans and other readers of this book will be entertained by this trip into the crazy, exciting, fascinating world of Bobby Brown.\
'12 Years A Slave' Writer John Ridley Directing L.A. Riots Movie John Ridley is directing an untitled film about the 1992 Los Angeles riots from his own script, with Broad Green Pictures
Key And Peele Team Up With Vine Star King Bach For New Cop Comedy The comedy duo powerhouse Key and Peele are at it again.
'Law & Order' Star Helps Black Americans Fight Against Diabetes The actress also expressed plans to address the health issue on television.
Quentin Tarantino Says He 'Couldn't Care Less' What Black Critics Had To Say About 'Django Unchained' \If you\u2019ve made money being a critic in black culture in the last 20 years you have to deal with me.\
Temple Looks To NBC's Tamron Hall To Replace Bill Cosby On Board Hall reportedly has the support she needs for approval.
Texas Cops Use Stun Gun On Councilman Outside Of His Home The incident occurred in the same town where Sandra Bland died.
Don Cheadle Defends Creative Liberties In Story And Music Of Miles Davis Biopic Some might be shocked that Don Cheadle\u2019s Miles Davis biopic opens with the 1975 track \u201cAgharta,\u201d rather than something from
Satirical Video Highlights How White And Male Dominated Hollywood Truly Is Succeeding in Hollywood is easy\u2026 if you\u2019re a white dude.
Donald Trump Gets Burned In This Hilarious Obama Diss Track Parody The Trump insults kept coming #backtoback.
Reports Find Police Shooting Of Tamir Rice 'Reasonable' \Officer Loehmann's belief that Rice posed a threat of serious physical harm or death was objectively reasonable, as was his response to that perceived threat.\
Raven-Symon\u00e9's Dad Says Daughter 'Says Some Dumb S#%T!' He wasn't amused by his daughter's comments on \black-sounding\ names.
Black Men Rally In D.C. For 20th Anniversary Of Million Man March The fight for justice lives on.
On the \A\ w/Souleo Visual artist, David Shrobe wishes that during his childhood in Harlem he had his own local children's museum. As a fourth generation Harlemite he is finally seeing that dream manifested with the opening of Sugar Hill Children's Museum of Art & Storytelling.
This Is What Broken Windows Policing Looks Like Get angry.
Melanie Fiona Addresses Police Brutality In New Video \u201cI hope this visual sparks emotion, thought, dialogue, reflection, and ultimately, positive change.\u201d
Don Cheadle Hits The Studio As Miles Davis In First Clip From 'Miles Ahead' Now that the New York Film Festival has the premiere of Steven Spielberg's \Bridge Of Spies\ out of the way, and the glitzy
Solange Reveals She Dated A Famous R&B Heartthrob And You'll Never Guess Who Who knew?!
South Carolina City To Pay $6.5 Million Settlement For Fatally Shooting Walter Scott Video showed officer Michael Slager firing eight times as Scott ran.
Piers Morgan's Totally Ridiculous Tweet To Black Lives Matter Activist This is whitesplaining at its finest.
Lionel Richie Throws Weight Behind Obscure Tuskegee Airmen Documentary Lionel Richie is putting his weight behind a 27-minute documentary short that has nothing to do with music. On Oct. 1, the
Misty Copeland Shows How She Defied The Odds And Changed Ballet In New Documentary Her story will make you love her even more.
Adorable Kids Ask Pharrell Hard-Hitting Questions About His New Book 'Happy' \You guys are making me so nervous,\ Pharrell said at his kids-only press conference.
Outraged Mom Claims Son's Toy Set Came With A Slave Character \u201cIt told my son to put a slave cuff around the black character\u2019s neck, and then to play with the toy.\u201d
Fox Developing Racially-Charged Police Shooting Project From \u2018Love & Basketball\u2019 Team Fox is developing a new event series revolving around a racially-motivated police shooting, Variety has learned. The project
BET Founders' Son Is Designing Luxury Italian Menswear Veteran journalist Karu F. Daniels interviews Brett Johnson, who recently launched a new line of Italian men's apparel, which
Tracy Morgan Joins Lineup For Salute To Eddie Murphy Murphy will be awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor on October 18.
F. Gary Gray Likely To Direct 'Fast & Furious 8' \u201cFast and Furious 8\u201d may have found its director. \u201cStraight Outta Compton\u201d helmer F. Gary Gray looks to be the choice to
Officer Fired After Tasing Suspect Who Wasn't Resisting Officer Tim Claussen didn't offer any explanation for using the stun gun.
'Castle's Tamala Jones Producing Tammi Terrell Biopic Tamala Jones, a regular on ABC\u2019s Castle since its 2009 bow, is set to produce a biopic of iconic Motown singer Tammi Terrell
Women Kicked Off Train For #LaughingWhileBlack Share An Important Lesson On Racial Bias \We don\u2019t want this to happen to anyone else again.\
Poet Passionately Explains Why Ebonics Is The Backbone Of Black Culture \The native tongue to the underrepresented black American.\
Spike Lee Named New York City Marathon Grand Marshal \It's gonna be a great day in my life.\
How 'Trap Queen' Turned Fetty Wap Into One Of The Biggest Stars Of The Year Fetty Wap may have hit a bump in the road with a serious motorcycle accident on Sept. 26, but after back-to-back hits on
'Selma' Director Ava DuVernay To Head Mumbai Jury Ava DuVernay, director of the Oscar and Golden Globe winning \u201cSelma,\u201d will head the International Competition jury at the
Black Lives Matter Holds Peaceful Protest At Twin Cities Marathon The group initially vowed to disrupt Sunday's marathon to raise awareness about issues between St. Paul police and people of color.
Cop Complains After 'BlackLivesMatter' Put On Coffee Cup The Fraternal Order of Police says the incident is \unacceptable and discouraging.\
Despite Cancelled Afropunk, All Not Lost With Volunteer Work Some volunteer projects included promoting more bicycle use in Atlanta, uplifting women's voices in Georgia politics and supporting the LGBT movement.
Janet Jackson Postpones Las Vegas Tour Date To Rest Vocal Cords Live Nation Entertainment said Thursday that ticketholders will be refunded and have the first chance to buy tickets for the May 14 performance.
Anthony Anderson Hooked Amber Rose Up With A Role On 'Black-ish' Apparently, Amber Rose did one heck of a job in her spring 2015 movie, Sister Code, because the socialite says that her performance
The Festival Of Praise Fall Tour 2015 Is Coming To A City Near You The biggest Gospel tour of the year \u2013 \u00a0The Festival of Praise International Tour \u2013 is coming to a city near you.
Black Women Booted From Napa Valley Wine Train File Lawsuit The 11 women sued Napa Valley Wine Train Inc., claiming they were singled out because of race and seeking $11 million in damages.
'Empire' Drama Sources exclusively reveal to In Touch magazine that Empire co-stars Taraji P. Henson and Terrence Howard have been clashing
Tamar Braxton Brings More Than Good Vocals To New Album, 'Calling All Lovers' As far as vocal talent, she has little to prove.
Paley Center To Honor African-Americans On TV With Ava DuVernay, Quincy Jones, More The Paley Center for Media has announced details for its Hollywood Tribute to African-American Achievements in Television
21 Undeniably Talented Girl Groups That Will Bring You Back Time for a sing-a-long!
The Spirit Of The Negro Leagues Lives On In These Small Towns \The Negro Leagues aren't dead. They're right here.\
\u2018CSI\u2019 Creator To Write 'Soul Train' Musical For Broadway The brewing Broadway musical version of \u201cSoul Train\u201d has found its conductor, and it\u2019s Anthony Zuiker, the creator of the
Nicki Minaj Comedy Gets ABC Family Series Commitment Nicki Minaj is set to executive produce and appear in a scripted comedy series for ABC Family based on the rap star\u2019s life
'Soul Food' Sequel In The Works At Fox Surprise! Or maybe not, and you expected that this would eventually happen; This is Hollywood in 2015 after all, where sequels
Shonda Rhimes On The Motivation Behind Her Weight Loss Journey \I just decided I was going to get it together and get healthy.\
LL Cool J's Son Arrested After Restaurant Fight Police say Smith became combative when he was asked to leave.
Kim Fields Joins 'Real Housewives Of Atlanta' Season 8 After much speculation, Bravo has confirmed \u201cThe Facts of Life\u201d alum Kim Fields is joining the cast of \u201cReal Housewives of
Steve Harvey Inks Production Deal To Develop Scripted And Unscripted Programming Steve Harvey has inked\u00a0an overall production deal with\u00a0Endemol Shine North America,\u00a0it was announced today by Cris Abrego
TLC's T-Boz Reveals That She's Adopting A Baby T-Boz is prepping to welcome a new bundle of joy.
How Olivia Pope Inspired Kerry Washington To Become A Mom \u201cI don\u2019t know if I would be a mom today if it weren\u2019t for her.\
Fetty Wap Issued Three Summonses After Motorcycle Crash The 25-year-old Wap was cited for driving without a license, not having insurance and failing to produce a vehicle registration card.
Anthony Anderson's Wife Files For Divorce The couple married in 1999 and have two children.
Jessica Williams And Phoebe Robinson Want Comedy To Stop Ignoring Black Women \We are literally everywhere.\
Growing Epidemic... \Step out of the car nice and slow\\n\Don't make any sudden moves\\n\Put your hands in the air\\n\Resist and you will loose\
Empire Returns Very Strong, Just Shy Of Record Numbers The Lyons are still king. In a big way. Fox\u2019s Empire opened Season 2 on Wednesday night with 16.2 million total viewers and
Broadway Veteran Sets The Record Straight About 'Hamilton' In the fourth and final part series with Broadway veteran Chapman Roberts, composer, producer and the co-creator of \u201cBlack
Michael B. Jordan On Hustling In Hollywood Michael B. Jordan moved out to Los Angeles nine years ago, when he was 19, to see whether he could convert a teenage acting
Gabourey Sidibe Explains Why She Is A Fan Of 'Empire' Sidibe dished on season two details during a recent interview with The Associated Press.
James Blake Got An Apology From The NYPD, But Families Of Other Victims Are Still Waiting \Black lives matter. Latino lives matter. Non-celebrity lives matter. It's high time the city acknowledged that.\
'Black-ish' Creator On Bringing 'The N-Word' Back To Television \I\u2019m scared because you always want to tell good stories and you want to do it in a way to get people talking.\
Cissy Houston To Be Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award Houston will be honored at the Gospel Image Awards in Charlotte.
Tyra Banks Brings Tears To Teen Designer's Eyes With This Heartwarming Surprise Slay, young queen, slay!
Kendrick Lamar And Quincy Jones Bond Over Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' \A bad song cannot be saved by the three best singers in the world.\
F. Gary Gray Sets New Record For Black Directors With 'Straight Outta Compton' N.W.A. biopic Straight Outta Compton continues to cruise into elite box office territory as it sets yet another cinematic
Chicago Activists End Hunger Strike After Starving For Over A Month They announced the end of the hunger strike on Saturday over health and safety concerns.
Zendaya Is Getting Her Own Loc'd Barbie Barbie will immortalize Zendaya\u2019s loc\u2019d look in doll form.
The Emmys Were Really A Celebration Of Black Sisterhood This award show oozed with #BlackGirlMagic.
Taraji, Kerry And Mary J. Redefine Squad Goals In New Apple Commercial Unprecedented amounts of Black Girl Magic in only 62 seconds.
More Drama, More Music Promised As 'Empire' Returns \You'll see as many moments where they have each other's backs as they are stabbing each other in the back.\
Man Allegedly Vandalizes Own Truck, Blames 'Black Lives Matter' Scott Latin cried victim, but he allegedly just wanted the insurance money.
These Chicago Protesters Have Been Starving Themselves For 34 Days The group wants a local high school reopened as a green technology school.
Universal Mulling Def Jam Records Biopic Following Success Of 'Compton' Following the huge critical and financial success of the N.W.A. biopic Straight Outta Compton, we\u2019re hearing that Universal
Officers Tackle Black Teen For Walking In The Street Video appears to show an officer striking the teen in the face with a baton.
Denzel Washington Says He'll Direct, Produce August Wilson Plays For HBO Denzel Washington will be directing 10 and executive producing nine of\u00a0August Wilson\u2019s\u00a0plays for HBO, the actor told the
T.I. Sets Record Straight \We speak to each other without having to speak to each other.\
Forest Whitaker, Anika Noni Rose Join 'Roots' Remake Cast No air date has been announced for the \Roots\ remake that will debut on the History, A&E and Lifetime channels.
Students Suspended For Clothing Displaying Confederate Flag The students were protesting a new school policy banning vehicles with Confederate symbols from its parking lot.
These Sisters Are Using Their Dance Moves To Empower The Youth No sibling rivalry here.
Police Chief Retires After Calling Black Lives Matter A 'Terrorist Group' The chief removed the post, which was on his personal account, this week.
Comedy Central Renews 'The Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore' As Comedy Central prepares for the\u00a0changing of the Daily Show hosting guard, it will keep things the same in the post-Daily
How \u2018Beasts Of No Nation\u2019 Perpetuates Hollywood\u2019s Skewed View Of Africa It\u2019s a beautiful film, but there's more to Africa than stories of misery and pain.
Alfre Woodard Joins 'Marvel's Luke Cage' For Netflix \u201cMarvel\u2019s Luke Cage\u201d steps into the world of Harlem politics with the spectacular addition of Alfre Woodard (\u201c12 Years a
Aretha Franklin Lawsuit Alan Elliott, producer of the documentary \u201cAmazing Grace,\u201d has agreed not to hold screenings of the film or show footage
Report Educators of color often face tough teaching environments.
Police Officer Fired For Racial Bias After Falsely Claiming Black Man Attacked Her With Golf Club In fact, video reveals William Wingate was merely leaning on the club, which he used as a cane.
Matt Damon, Here's What You Should Know About Diversity In Hollywood The actor apologized, but here's what he's still missing.
'Black-ish' Creator \u201cI don\u2019t necessarily want to see forced diversity, because I\u2019ve been a beneficiary and a victim of that in some aspects.\u201d
Toni Braxton Life Story Coming To Lifetime One of my favorite people is directing a movie about another beloved personality. Actor Vondie Curtis Hall is directing \u201cUnbreak
Will And Jada Pinkett Smith Donate $150,000 To Million Man March Event On Tuesday, Minister Louis Farrakhan spoke at Philadelphia\u2019s Tindley Temple United Methodist Church to mobilize support for
Comic Book Puts New Spin On The Superhero Single Mom Because super heroes always have interesting backstories.
'Empire' Music Producer Timbaland Says He's Ready For More TV The producer says he will use television as a platform for new music.
Becoming Suge Knight Veteran entertainment journalist Karu F. Daniels catches up and chronicles the journey of R. Marcos Taylor, the surprising
Ta-Nehisi Coates After decades of mass incarceration that have left the United States with the largest incarcerated population in the world
'Amazing Grace' Bidding War Erupts, Aretha Franklin Lawsuit Could Be Resolved Buyers who attended a private screening of the Aretha Franklin documentary \u201cAmazing Grace\u201d on Saturday were told that the
Ferguson Commission Shines Light On Racially Divided St. Louis When Michael Brown was shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., last August, his death set off riots and violence \u2014 and
John Legend, Tyrese Among Several Honored At Triumph Awards The show will air Oct. 3 on TV One.
James Blake Shows Poor Blacks Aren't the Only Ones Racially Profiled The susceptibility of even celebrated black men to be hauled off when there's even the slightest suspicion -- mistaken or otherwise -- of criminal wrongdoing has left many police officials red-faced with embarrassment when they realized their goof. This was the case with Blake.
Vivica A. Fox To Appear On 'Empire' The world of Empire keeps getting bigger! EW has exclusively learned that Kill Bill star Vivica A. Fox will be appearing
Zoe Saldana\u2019s 'Nina' Bought By RLJE, Set For December Release RLJ Entertainment\u00a0 has acquired all North American rights to \u201cNina,\u201d starring Zoe Saldana as American singer-songwriter Nina
Jury Awards Ex-Employee Of Roscoe's Chicken N\u2019 Waffles $1.6M In Race Discrimination Suit A jury has awarded a former employee of Roscoe\u2019s House of Chicken \u2018n Waffles more than $1 million in damages after he sued
Whitney Houston Hologram To Debut Next Year Houston's hologram will stream live on FilmOn.com.
Shaquille O'Neal \No amount of money can make me endorse something that I\u2019m not 100 percent behind.\
Damon Tweedy Explains Why We Need More Doctors Of Color This author hopes to boost the dismal number of African American medical professionals.
Billie Holiday Will Perform At the Apollo Again, As A Hologram Soon you can see Billie Holiday perform at the Apollo Theater in New York. The only catch is that she\u2019ll be a hologram.
Melle Mel Calls Out Jay Z, Kendrick Lamar In Defense Of Macklemore Macklemore & Ryan Lewis\u2019 performance at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards was overshadowed by the Miley Cyrus/Nicki Minaj spat
Nickelodeon's Kel Mitchell Shares 5 Memories That Will Give You '90s Nostalgia Orange soda, nuff said.
Eddie Murphy To Receive Nation's Top Prize For Humor Next month Murphy will receive the nation's top prize for humor at the Kennedy Center in Washington.
Shonda Rhimes Tops The Root 100 List Of Top Influencers The Root 100 brings special recognition to some of the most admired black influencers.
Eazy-E's Son Opens Up About Losing His Father Rapper Eazy-E would have turned 52\u00a0this week (Sept. 7), but his life was cut short in 1995 after his battle with HIV.
Dick Gregory Documentary Launching Kickstarter Campaign The producers of a documentary on comedian Dick Gregory have launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to complete the
Prosecutor In Walter Scott Shooting Rates 'Zero With The Black Community' Solicitor Scarlett Wilson did \not have time\ to explain her record.
Is Reality TV Ready To Embrace Gay Black Men? There's potential to break down stereotypes -- but also reinforce them.
Tyler Perry Meets With Tanzanian Children With Albinism Perry donated $200,000 three years ago to help build a four-bedroom house for a group of children who had been mutilated for their body parts.
Vanessa Williams Returns To Miss America Pageant After Photo Scandal The award-winning actress and singer will serve as head judge for the 2016 competition.
Steve Harvey On Why He'll Never Be The Next Oprah \There will be be no more Oprah Winfreys.\
D'Angelo On Being 'Objectified' By Female Fans \I think that I\u2019m a serious artist. So it\u2019s a fine line to walk that.\
Aretha Franklin Blocks Screening Of Documentary At Festival \For him to show that film, for him to completely and blatantly ignore me would be terrible.\
Coming To America 
'Empire' Releases Pitbull & Ne-Yo Songs From Season 2 Empire\u00a0is drip-dropping a few new tracks ahead of the hit series' season two premiere.
N.Y.U. Removes Bill Cosby's Name From Film Workshop An intensive workshop at New York University was created to find high school students from the New York City area interested
Cheryl Boone Isaacs To Speak At Women In Technology Luncheon Cheryl Boone Isaacs, president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, will appear in a featured conversation
Rapper Kevin Gates Accused Of Kicking Woman During Show Police say the battery was captured on a cellphone video as well as the club's surveillance video.
Tamar Braxton And Chaka Khan To Join 'Dancing With The Stars' Cast It's finally here! The official Season 21 cast of Dancing With the Stars was revealed on Good Morning America on Wednesday
Virginia Cop Indicted In Murder Of Unarmed Black Teen Stephen Rankin is charged with shooting William Chapman II in the face and chest outside a Walmart.
Olympia Cop Who Shot Unarmed Black Men Was Justified, Court Finds The men who were shot have been charged with assault.
Man Charged In Connection To 1994 Theft Of O.J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy Prosecutors said Lewis Eugene Sparks, who was taken into custody on Monday, attempted to sell the trophy late last year.
'Django Unchained' Oscar Nominee To Produce 88th Annual Academy Awards The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences says David Hill and Reginald Hudlin will produce the 88th Oscars telecast.
J.J. Fad Is Upset They Were Straight Missing From N.W.A Biopic After topping the box office for yet another week, the highest grossing music biopic of all time may be straight outta facts
BET Networks Announces New Original Music Docu-Series, 'THE BET LIFE OF\u2026' BET Networks announces its new original, one-hour docu-series featuring the careers and evolution of Beyonce, Chris Brown
Newest Indiana University Grad Is Venus Williams This wasn't some honorary degree. Some, \Hey, you're an amazing tennis player, so let's give you a diploma\ type of thing
Judge Joe Brown Released From Jail The former television judge has been released from jail after serving a five-day jail sentence for contempt of court.
Straight Outta Compton Is Highest-Grossing Musical Biopic Ever Straight Outta Compton continued to rule the box office for the third weekend in a row, holding off a spirited charge by
Racial Slur Burned Into Florida Man's Front Lawn \This is a threat to me and my family.\
These '100 Black Men' Are Changing Their Community For The Better Giving back is only the beginning.
Kanye West's VMA Speech Exposed A Heartbreaking Truth About Black Artists This was the realest he's ever been.
Terrence Howard Tweets He\u2019s Still Attached To Wife Miranda Despite much drama with his ex-wife Michelle Ghent and talk of him secretly divorcing third wife Mira Pak, Terrence Howard
Will Packer Marries In Surprise Wedding In Georgia Lights. Camera. True love! Hollywood producer Will Packer has married his longtime love Heather Hayslett in an intimate, backyard
Kyle Jean-Baptiste, First Black Actor To Play Lead In 'Les Miz' On Broadway, Dies At 21 The actor was scheduled to join the cast of \The Color Purple\ Sept. 6.
Teacher Was Fired After School Found Out She Was With Black Man The suit also claims the teacher was subjected to a racist skit put on by school administrators.
7 Facts School Leaders Want You To Know About Kids In New Orleans \We gotta have some heart-to-heart conversations based on these statistics and say, 'What can we do ... to really close the achievement gap?'\
Judge Joe Brown Begins Jail Sentence For Contempt Of Court Charge Judge Joe Brown found himself on the other side of the justice system on Thursday, when he turned himself in to begin serving
Spike Lee On Honorary Oscar Spike Lee was\u00a0surprised to learn that he was being honored by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences \u2014 a group he
A Group Of Chicago Residents Are Starving Themselves To Save A School A dozen protestors have been on a hunger strike since August 17.
These Photos Capture The Spirit Of New Orleans, 10 Years After Katrina It's been a slow recovery\u00a0since Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans 10 years ago, but residents are hopeful that the
MSNBC's Trymaine Lee Returns To New Orleans For Katrina-Anniversary Coverage Trymaine Lee, who covered\u00a0Hurricane Katrina and its failed-levee aftermath for the Times-Picayune before moving on to posts
Jennifer Hudson Sings In 'Color Purple' Music Video Ahead Of Broadway Debut With less than four months until opening night, the producers of the Broadway production of \The Color Purple\ have released
Sandra Bland's New Legacy Will Force People To #SayHerName Residents in Texas rallied together to ensure Bland's legacy lives on.
15 Times Black Artists Used Their Voices To Change The World From Nicki to Akon, find out what your favorite celebs are all about.
In Under A Minute, This Filmmaker Captures The Challenges Of Post-Katrina New Orleans \New Orleans is back on the map.\
Amelia Boynton Robinson, Civil Rights Activist, Dies At 104 Robinson was among those beaten during the voting rights march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, in March 1965.
How Companies Make Millions Off Lead-Poisoned, Poor Blacks BALTIMORE \u2014 The letter arrived in April, a mishmash of strange numbers and words. This at first did not alarm Rose. Most
Taraji P. Henson Says 'Empire' Is Great In Every Way, Except Dating Mo' money, mo' problems, it seems for Empire star Taraji P. Henson. The Oscar-nominated actress told ET that while her career
The Virginia Shooting Has Nothing To Do With #BlackLivesMatter Wednesday morning, reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were tragically gunned down on live television. The horrific
High School Football Coach Otis Newell Fired For Appearing In Rap Video \It's a depiction of pretty much how much I grew up.\
Jazmine Sullivan Recalls Past Abusive Relationship In Instagram Post \I used to come and walk around this store for hours just to get away from him...\
'Not Racist' Guy Says Honoring MLK Will Make Him Show 'Racist Ways' \u201cI've never had a racist bone in my body.\
Wine Train Apologizes To Women Removed For #LaughingWhileBlack \You can apologize but you can't take away the experience we had,\ one book club member says.
Broadway Veteran Angela Robinson Is Tyler Perry's Jewel In The Crown With a career spanning 20 years, Angela Robinson is just becoming the household name she was destined to become -- thanks
Julianne Moore Joins Petition To Rename School, Citing 'History Of Racism' The petition is proposing to rename the school Thurgood Marshall High School.
Forest Whitaker To Make Broadway Debut This Spring Whitaker will make his Broadway debut this spring as a drunken, small time hustler in a revival of Eugene O'Neill's \Hughie.\
Women Kicked Off Wine Train For #LaughingWhileBlack A group of 10 black women and one white woman was escorted from the train.
Black Teen's Response To Violence In His Community \Some of y\u2019all love the hood. For what? It\u2019s horrible.\
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Vows To 'Speak Up' On #BlackLivesMatter \We don't come to the rallies as artists, we come as human beings,\ Mon\u00e1e told HuffPost Live.
How Will You Continue the Legacy? This past week, we lost one of America's most beloved and irreplaceable treasures
'Anchor Babies' and the GOP's Manifest Destiny Politics Trump's call for a wall to protect U.S. borders from marauding Mexican criminals not only demonizes Latinos, but evokes toxic themes of Manifest Destiny that were used to justify American expansionism into Mexico.  Themes that allowed white folk -- the U.S.' original \anchor babies\ -- to be legitimized as citizens.
50 Years Later As the country continues to deal with racial strife, fatal police encounters, and dogged economic inequality, the Watts protests has instructional value for advocates of racial justice and their adversaries. For the former, short-term improvements can prove to be fruitful and can be an important respite from the daily onslaught of racial oppression.
Janet Jackson Reveals More Album Details, Teases New Track Janet Jackson released \u201cNo Sleeep,\u201d the first track from her forthcoming album\u2014her first collection since 2008\u2014 back in June
Chiwetel Ejiofor Doesn't Understand America's Attachment To Guns The British actor says the U.S. is \a different culture when it comes to guns than where I come from.\
Is NYPD Crossing The Line, Again, In Its Black Lives Matter Surveillance? That would be \the same troubling surveillance it has conducted for decades on political activists.\
Deborah Cox To Take On Legacies Of Whitney Houston And Josephine Baker With new music underway, R&B chart-topper Deborah Cox talks to veteran journalist Karu F. Daniels about the ever-changing
Beautiful Black Men And Women Flaunt Their Looks With #FlexinMyComplexion Melanin on fleek!
Chicago Mom Low-income, minority families are pleading to keep Dyett High School an open-enrollment institution.
15 Ultimate Throwback Squad Goals We Wish We Were Part Of SQUAD! *Waka Flocka voice*
Harry Belafonte, Geena Davis To Receive Muhammad Ali Humanitarian Award Ali is scheduled to attend the Sept. 19 ceremony in his hometown of Louisville, Kentucky.
Bullets Fired Into Ferguson Home Kill 9-Year-Old Girl \I kept holding and holding her. I still have her blood on my hands.\
Jill Scott And Lauren London Cast In FX's 'Snowfall' Pilot FX's pilot Snowfall is rounding out its cast.
Compton Residents Can't See 'Straight Outta Compton' In Compton The city doesn't have a movie theater.
Stevie Wonder Performs Free Pop-Up Concerts In Northeast The concert is part of a news conference promoting Wonder's \Songs in the Key of Life Performance\ tour.
This Is What 'Straight Outta Compton' Opening Night Was Like Near Compton \It was a typical Friday night where people came out to see a film that they connected with and validated their love for their city.\
Activists Remember Julian Bond Bond's colleagues look back on the activist's place in civil rights history.
Taraji P. Henson Explains Why Her Role On 'Empire' Is So Important Just another reason to love Cookie Monster.
Why Black Folks Should Watch The Toronto Blue Jays \Their big bats are a major exception to an MLB season with fewer big hits than the former rapper Meek Mill.\
Exclusion Of Blacks From Juries Raises Renewed Scrutiny SHREVEPORT, La. \u2014 Here are some reasons prosecutors have offered for excluding blacks from juries
Julian Bond, Former Chairman Of The NAACP, Dies At 75 \Julian Bond helped change this country for the better,\ President Obama said.
The Julian Bond I Remember and Honor Bond didn't just force me to rethink my jaundiced and cynical view of the NAACP. He also forced me to rethink my view of the organization's leadership, the challenges it faced and the struggles and controversies both within and without that embroiled the organization.
Christian Taylor Funeral Draws Hundreds Mourning College Athlete Killed By Officer \A modest kid who had a promising future.\
How New York Could Convene Another Grand Jury Investigation Into Eric Garner's Death \The mechanisms are all there for the prosecutor that's willing to do so.\
Family Of Tony Robinson, Biracial Teen Killed By Madison Cop, Files Suit 19-year-old Tony Robinson was shot and killed by a Madison officer in March.
David Oyelowo Takes On The Role Of James Bond... Kinda A black 007 has yet to be seen, but you'll be hearing from him sooner than you think.
Janelle Mon\u00e0e Cut Off During Her Message About Black Lives On 'Today' \Silence is our enemy. Sound is our weapon.\
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Gives Black Lives Matter Movement A Melodic Voice \Can we speak their names, as long as we have breath in our bodies?\u201d
#ByeFelicia Gets An Uncomfortable New Origin Story We have Ice Cube\u2019s 1995 classic,\u00a0Friday, to thank for the very useful phrase \u201cBye, Felicia\u201d
Dr. Dre Says He Regrets Beating Up A Female Journalist In The '90s Dr. Dre has finally addressed his abusive past. \u00a0 In 1991, hip-hop journalist Dee Barnes accused the rapper of brutally beating
'Straight Outta Compton' Director Is 'Very Happy With The Accuracy' Of The Film \If E was here, he would like it so it's cool.\
Peaceful Protest Held In Ferguson After Two Nights Of Tension The crowd of around 100 demonstrators was mostly calm and peaceful.
What Happened In Ferguson One Year After Michael Brown's Death After gunfire broke out on the anniversary of Michael Brown's death, some have questioned the police's account of the events.
New Recording Of MLK's 'I Have A Dream' Speech Discovered RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) \u2014 Before the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his famous \u201cI Have a Dream\u201d speech to hundreds of thousands
Amandla Stenberg Is Fearless And Awesome In 'Dazed' Magazine Stenberg is proof of #BlackGirlMagic.
Eric Garner's Daughter Reflects On The Success Of #BlackLivesMatter Erica Garner likens #BlackLivesMatter to the civil rights struggle of the '50s and '60s.
This Poet Doesn't Care If You're Tired Of Hearing About Race \What a privilege it is to be 'tired' of hearing about it.\
Woman Claims She Had Miscarriage After Cop Used Stun Gun Against Her The lawsuit targets three officers' alleged wrongdoing, as well as the city of Chicago's broader practice of \concealing and/or suppressing officer misconduct.\
March, Moment Of Silence Mark Anniversary In Ferguson Ferguson has been forever-changed.
11 Striking Photos That Show A Forever-Changed Ferguson One year later, the legacy of Ferguson's transformation blankets the small city.
Police Audio Leaked In Killing Of Unarmed Black Teen Christian Taylor \Whoa, we got shots fired!\
Chicago Police Department Agrees To Reform Stop-And-Frisk Procedures In Settlement With ACLU An ACLU report found that Chicago's stop-and-frisk rate was four times higher than the NYPD's worst rates.
Smithsonian Official \When we accepted the gift and loan, I was unaware of the allegations about Bill Cosby.\
'Empire' Spin-off Is 'Without Question,' Says Lee Daniels Executive producer Brian Grazer told The Associated Press the agenda before a spin-off can happen is to \never get corny.\
Dr. Dre Says He'll Donate Royalties From New Album To Compton The center will be a therapeutic outlet for youth suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder says Compton Mayor Aja Brown.
Ferguson Class Of 2014 The students who graduated with Michael Brown had only hope and promise ahead of them. And a year after Brown's tragic death
Protesters Mark Year Since Fatal Police Shooting In Wal-Mart John Crawford III was shot last Aug. 5 after a 911 caller reported someone waving a gun.
Uzo Aduba And Amber Riley Join NBC's 'The Wiz Live!' Crazy Eyes' got crazy pipes! \u00a0 Orange Is the New Black star Uzo Aduba and Glee's Amber Riley are set to join NBC's live production
Mara Brock Akil & Salim Akil Ink Overall Deal With Warner Bros TV Mara Brock Akil and Salim Akil have signed a three-year overall deal with Warner Bros TV.
50 Years After The Voting Rights Act, Here's How Far We Still Have To Go This video amplifies voices that need to be heard.
New Jersey Teen To Star As Dorothy In NBC's 'The Wiz Live!' NEW YORK (AP) -- NBC has found the young woman who will ease on down the yellow brick road. The network Wednesday unveiled
He Overcame Apartheid To Become His Nation's Hero -- And Almost Everyone Has Forgotten His Story Josia Thugwane overcame illiteracy, apartheid and the world's greatest distance runners nearly 20 years ago. But he couldn't
15 Harrowing Photos Show The Weight Of Discrimination \I'm tired of being the angry black woman.\
Mike Epps Has Some Advice For Dealing With The Police \u201cIt\u2019s just a black man thing. You just go to jail. I don\u2019t know too many brothers who ain\u2019t never been.\
What This 'Black Boyfriend' Wants White Fathers To Know \If I am your worst nightmare, you need to figure out what the f**k is wrong with your dreams. \
Half Of Black Americans Say Police Have Treated Them Unfairly Half of African-Americans respondents said they personally had been treated unfairly by police because of their race.
Poll Shows Why Black Lives Matter Activists Should Be Proud The survey shows a big jump in number of people who think more needs to be done for equal rights.
'Hedwig' Takes A Dip With Taye Diggs In Title Role Taye Diggs is off to a wobbly start in his new heels. Last week was the actor\u2019s first full week in the title role of \u201cHedwig
Kevin Hart's Funny Business Proceed past a tan stucco security booth in the Los Angeles suburb of Tarzana, into one of the neighborhood's opulent gated
A Baltimore Activist Is Working To Curb Violence By Speaking Directly To The Community \u201cWe are going to hold ourselves accountable,\ 300 Men March co-founder Munir Bahar told HuffPost.
Cop Keeps Job After Threatening To Kill Black Man, Cover It Up \What would it look like? Self f**kin' defense.\
This Poet Taught Creative Writing To Prisoners And Learned An Incredible Lesson His revelations are eye-opening.
Usher Lays Out His Plan To Combat High School Drop Out Rates \u201cMy goal is to keep doubling this number until The New Look Effect can be felt around the world.\
Special Prosecutor In New York Launches Investigation Into Death Of Raynette Turner She was one of five black women to die in an American jail over a two-week span.
NAACP'S 'Journey For Justice' Protest March Kicks Off In Selma Protesters will embark on an 860-mile march from Selma to Washington D.C.
Bobby Brown's Sister Vows Family Feud Is Just Beginning \It's just getting started,\ Bobby Brown's sister, Leolah Brown, said at Bobbi Kristina Brown's funeral on Saturday.
Bobbi Kristina Brown Funeral Draws Crowd The funeral for Bobbi Kristina Brown was held Saturday.
No Charges For 2 Cops At Scene Of Sam DuBose's Killing One of the officers says \yes\ to the question of whether he saw Tensing dragged.
Russell Simmons Inks HBO Deal To Develop TV Programming Music mogul Russell Simmons and his latest venture, All Def Digital, a multi-platform media company, signed a deal with premium
Lupita Nyong'o Headed To NY Stage An Oscar-winning film star is reclaiming her theater roots.
'Shaft' Getting Remake From 'Black-ish' Creator New Line wants to give you the shaft. The company, which opens the reboot of Vacation\u00a0on Wednesday, is in development on
Dylann Roof Wants To Plead Guilty In Charleston Shooting Case, Lawyer Says An attorney for Dylann Roof says the accused shooter wants to plead guilty.
W.K. Kellogg Foundation Donates $4.7 Million To Benefit Young Men Of Color The grants aim to break down racial barriers in the South.
Buddy Guy Wants To Keep The Blues Alive For The Late B.B. King The six-time Grammy winner remembered King's unmistakable influence on the music industry.
#BlackLivesMatter Co-Founder Mourns 'Senseless Murder' Of Sam DuBose Patrisse Cullors says black Americans are \in a state of emergency.\
John Legend To Handle Music For Slave Drama 'Underground' Legend says he believes the story of people brave enough to risk everything for freedom will be inspirational.
#BlackLivesMatters Co-Founder \u2018Mortified' By O'Reilly's 'Anarchistic' Comment \I watched it and was mortified.\
Queen Latifah And Mary J. Blige To Join NBC's 'The Wiz Live!' Queen Latifah and Mary J. Blige are set to \u2018ease on down the road.\u2019
The Public Still Can't See The Eric Garner Grand Jury Records, Court Rules The fight over grand jury secrecy continues.
'Empire' Costars Grace Gealey And Trai Byers Engaged Surprise! Empire costars Grace Gealey and Trai Byers are engaged, multiple sources confirm exclusively to Us Weekly.
Rihanna Was Reportedly Blocked From Playing A Free Concert In the aftermath of Freddie Gray's death at the hands of six Baltimore police officers in April, the city experienced continuous
In Just A Few Days, These Girls Designed Apps To Make Studying More Fun And Fight Bullying They aren't messing around.
Dionne Warwick Remembers Bobbi Kristina Brown Dionne Warwick has nothing but good things to say about Bobbi Kristina Brown. \u00a0 Just hours after E! News confirmed the famous
Snoop Dogg Claims Swedish Police Racially-Profiled Him Snoop Dogg calls out Swedish police after arrest.
Cleveland Transit Cop Pepper Sprays Black Lives Matter Attendees (UPDATE) UPDATE
Chicago Just Fired An Investigator Trying To Hold Cops Accountable For Unjustified Shootings \They're just an arm against the city to hurt people bringing complaints.\
On the Death of Sandra Bland and Our Vulnerable Bodies I AM tired of writing about slain black people, particularly when those responsible are police officers, the very people
Sandra Bland's Funeral Draws Hundreds Of Mourners Hundreds of mourners lined up on Saturday in a Chicago suburb for the funeral of a black woman found dead in a Texas jail
Supermodel Iman Turns 62 And These Photos Prove She Is More Fierce And Flawless Than Ever Because who can resist staring at Iman?
Will Smith And Jay Z Are Producing An HBO Miniseries About Emmett Till Will Smith and Jay Z are teaming up again. The pair, along with Jay Brown, James Lassiter, and Aaron Kaplan are executive
Kandi Burruss Is Pregnant, Expecting Child With Husband Todd Tucker We know of several potential godmothers! Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kandi Burruss is pregnant, the singer-songwriter
Petitions Call For Feds To Investigate Sandra Bland's Death \It's important for us to speak up for Sandra Bland.\
Jesse Williams Shares 24 Powerful Tweets On Sandra Bland's Death \You Can't Arrest Someone For 'Resisting Arrest.'\
Jail Defends Procedures Amid Scrutiny Of Sandra Bland's Death Sheriff explains why Bland was placed in a cell by herself.
Ramarley Graham's Mother Tells DOJ To Stop Dragging Its Feet \You can't break into someone's home and kill them and walk away scot-free. It's just not right.\
Community-Led Cooking Classes In African Cuisine Are Helping People Lose Weight, Eat Healthier The classes encourage \reconnecting to healthy eating as cultural identity.\
Ferguson Taps Black Interim Police Chief Who Backs Changes Andre Anderson, 50, will be the second person to hold the interim role in the St. Louis suburb since Chief Thomas Jackson resigned in March.
Sandra Bland's Voicemail From Jail In the voicemail, Bland wonders
Jose Antonio Vargas Discusses Unpacking Race In New Doc 'White People' Documentary explores what is like to be young, white and American.
Azealia Banks Slams VMAs, Says 'America Doesn't Like Opinionated Black Women' Azealia Banks is once again speaking up about\u00a0racial issues and misogyny\u00a0in the music industry -- this time by calling out
Trevor Noah Expected 'Backlash' Over Replacing Jon Stewart As Host Of 'The Daily Show' Trevor Noah is gearing up to take over \u201cThe Daily Show\u201d on September 28,\u00a0but he's finding it hard to shake off the skeptics
Stephen A. Smith Catches Twitter Heat For Backing Martin O'Malley's 'All Lives Matter' Comment Stephen A. Smith has been known to ruffle a few feathers\u00a0for his candid sports commentary. However his most recent thoughts
Tyler Perry Joins Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz In 'Brain On Fire' Tyler Perry is on fire.
Sudden Cardiac Arrest More Likely In African-Americans, New Study Says (Reuters Health) - Black Americans are more likely to suffer sudden cardiac arrest than their white counterparts, a new study
Twista Speaks Out Against The Ongoing Violence In Chicago There have been 1,485 shootings in Chicago this year alone.
Sandra Bland's Death Will Be Treated Like A Murder Investigation, Prosecutor Says \This is being treated like a murder investigation.\
Sandra Bland Threatened With Taser By Officer Making Arrest From routine traffic stop to violent confrontation to jailhouse death
Rachel Dolezal Still Identifies As Black For a time this summer, it seemed all anyone could talk about was the N.A.A.C.P. chapter president whose parents had \u201couted
Racial Turmoil In Md.\u2019s \u2018Friendliest Town\u2019 After Black Police Chief Is Fired POCOMOKE CITY, Md. \u2014 The crowd gathered outside City Hall last week, demanding that their community\u2019s first black police
\u2018The Wire\u2019 Cast Reunited In Baltimore To Uplift Community BALTIMORE (WJZ)\u2013The cast of HBO\u2019s The Wire reunites for a special performance right here in Baltimore on Saturday.
A Touching Celebration Of Modern Black Motherhood H/T\u00a0BuzzFeed Also on The Huffington Post
Black Mississippi Flag Supporter Dies In Traffic Accident JACKSON, Miss. (AP) \u2014 A black Mississippi man who often dressed in Confederate regalia to support the state flag has died
Ava DuVernay On Women And Minorities Breaking Into Hollywood Take the good, leave the bad.
Mandela Day Celebrates The Legacy Of The Iconic Hero Since 2008, Mandela Day has become an international celebration of public service.
\u2018We\u2019re Never Gonna Forget\u2019 Eric Garner's family share memories of the family man one year after his death.
FBI Joins Investigation Into Sandra Bland's Death Her family is pressing for answers.
This 'White Cops And Unarmed Black Civilians Playset' Is Just A Little Too Real You can resist arrest, but you can't resist the fun!
Racial Satire 'White Squad' Is Painfully Hilarious But All Too Real This satirical ad nails everyday racial inequality.
Sandra Bland\u2019s Loved Ones Want To Know How A Routine Traffic Stop Led To Her Death In A Jail Cell \u201cI think, that could have been me,\u201d says one grieving friend.
Marvel Salutes Hip-Hop With 50 Variant Covers Paying Homage to Classic Albums Covers Marvel is having fun with a new series of more than 50 variant covers that are all homages to classic hip-hop album covers
Rapper DMX Jailed For 6 Months Over Unpaid Child Support DMX has been jailed over unpaid child support, PEOPLE confirms.
Laverne Cox Laverne Cox has come out to defend herself against criticism of a recent television appearance, during which Bravo's \Watch
Brandy Sang On The NYC Subway And Nobody Noticed So she asked, \Can A Sistah Get One Fan?\
New Kick-Ass Web Series for Black Female Superhero Check out DC's fierce new leading lady
Kendrick Lamar Has Been Sued Over 'The Blacker The Berry' Artwork \u201cThe Blacker the Berry\u201d is Kendrick Lamar at his best, a lyrical firebomb and fitting climax to his latest album,\u00a0To Pimp
Mike Brown Exhibit Depicting A Replica Of His Dead Body Draws Criticism Among the nay-sayers is Brown's father.
Spike Lee Concludes 'Chi-Raq' Filming, Addresses 'Misinformed' Critics Spike Lee has drawn criticism\u00a0since he announced his forthcoming Chicago-based film, \u201cChi-Raq.\u201d The film, which reflects
A Conversation With Ta-Nehisi Coates The author of Between the World and Me discusses the Charleston shooting, the end of the Obama presidency, and why he never
Will Packer Renews Overall Deal with Universal TV Through 2017 Will Packer has renewed his overall deal with Universal Television, Variety has learned. The two-year extension pact takes
Amandla Stenberg And The Sad Reality Of The 'Angry Black Girl' Stereotype Be angry, speak up, refuse to be silenced.
Judge Dismisses Counts In Michael Brown Family Lawsuit July 14 (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday dismissed four counts in the wrongful-death lawsuit against Ferguson filed
Wendy Williams Announces 12-City \u2018Sit Down Tour\u2019 Read more at http://www.eurweb.com/2015/07/wendy-williWendy Williams Announces 12-City \u2018Sit Down Tour\u2019 Read more at http://www.eurweb.com/2015/07/wggendy-williams-announces-12-city-sit-down-tour/#CzdwTvg7bx2ZhiMt.99ams-announces-12-city-sit-down-tour/#CzdwTvg7bx2ZhiMt.99 Wendy Williams is about to take her proverbial \u201cpurple chair\u201d to a city near you this summer.
The Hard Truths Of Ta-Nehisi-Coates Late this spring, the publisher Spiegel & Grau sent out advance copies of a new book by Ta-Nehisi Coates, a slim volume of
12-Year-Olds Pinpoint Exactly What\u2019s Wrong With How America Sees Race Their stories are eye-opening.
TUESDAY When writer Ta-Nehisi Coates sat down at NPR's New York studios a few days ago, he got a little emotional.
Amandla Stenberg Calls Out Kylie Jenner For Cultural Appropriation Again? Amandla Stenberg has schooled everyone in the past about the unfortunate reality of cultural appropriation\u00a0-- but
Symbols of the Confederacy Learning history awakens, enlightens and forces introspection. But when historical items become icons, the facts take a back seat to dogma. South Carolina finally has taken down the symbol that when I was young I did not fully understand. It's now time for the rest of us to understand the hate such a symbol represents.
Attorney Says Mississippi Cop Strangled Unarmed Black Man To Death 
Our Health Matters Violence is not the only thing wreaking havoc on our communities, and if we are not careful we could lose a generation to a preventable disease -- HIV.
To Whom Does the Fourth of July Belong? White supremacy asks us, on the Fourth, to consider ourselves one American people. But this too is an injustice, because it asks many to forget the ways in which the promise of America never applied to them and still remains largely incomplete. Perpetuating the myth of American independence, while it doesn't fully apply to all, cannibalizes the very hope of full emancipation and real equality.
Ava DuVernay Will Not Be Directing 'Black Panther' Film 
This Year's Essence Festival Is Absolutely Incredible 
What Do the Ferguson Movement, the Charleston Killings and Oil Trains Have in Common? Little by little, we are getting closer to a deeper conversation about race -- and what we can do to correct our ugly history so that the actions of the future are not continuously bound by the racist policies and practices of the past. We are not there yet, but this issue isn't going away.
Black Folks, Let's Talk About Homophobia Is it really possible for such a historically marginalized group to harbor such hatred? With all the tireless social activism efforts spearheaded by the black community, it is easy to forget about this skeleton in the closet.
What America Owes Blacks Blacks are expected in a few states to live in the shadows of flag that celebrated and promoted our enslavement under any means necessary.
When We Fully Claim Black Lives Matter, We Move Closer to All Lives Matter All lives should matter but in this America, we are constantly reminded that blacks lives have not mattered as much as whites lives. And by proclaiming our target of fully embracing that black lives matter, we come closer to our aspirations of a society where all lives matter.
Is Anywhere Safe? Finding Psychological Safety In A Dangerous World The physical endangerment that intense hostility toward a group can produce is particularly unsettling when you consider the breadth of damage it can have on how the targeted group thinks about their safety.
Supreme Court's Affordable Care Act Ruling Will Help Close Racial Gaps in Health Care Coverage The Supreme Court's decision in the King v. Burwell decision is a victory for the millions of Americans who need financial assistance to afford health insurance coverage.
The South Shall Rise Again Reasonable people know that we are all in this race quagmire together and togetherness is how we will get ourselves out. There will be no fantasies of a \white\ Northwest bordering west at Idaho, Utah and Arizona. Ain't gonna happen. There will not be a \New Africa\ for \blacks with Atlanta as the capital. Just ain't gonna happen. Give it up.
Two Sisters Tell \u2018Heart Felt' Tale Of Taking Down Bad Cholesterol 
10 Things I Learned about Nina Simone 
DOPE The film is about growing up and getting over one's circumstances. It humanizes the black male experience growing up in America; as do many of the films that are directed by Famuyiwa.
When Microaggressions Become Macro Confessions In the fuzzy arithmetic of their moral equivocation, flag pins matter, firearms matter, border patrols matter, but black and brown lives don't matter unless they can be leveraged for some self-serving political purpose
Why I Burned And Buried The Confederate Flag -- And America Should, Too My protest started by recoloring the Confederate flag black, red and green -- the colors of black nationalism. This was my way of arresting my own anxiety and fear of black erasure, both personal and collective.
21 Signs You Might Be The 'Real Racist' 
The BET Awards 2015 Red Carpet Is Filled With Super Stylish Stars 
NAACP Leader Compares Woman Who Removed Confederate Flag To Rosa Parks 
Woman Climbs Flag Pole, Takes Down Confederate Flag In Front Of SC Statehouse 
The Incredible Ways Art Is Helping Charleston Heal 
The Old Normal As part of my Fall 2015 PhD Research Colloquium course, I extended the opportunity for my Administration of Justice Doctoral Students to begin writing for the masses. Below you will find the first acceptance of this olive branch by Whitney Threadcraft-Walker.
Being Great I was reminded on this past Father's Day that no one will live forever here on earth. There will indeed come a time when we will all pass away. The importance and significance of this moment is that I am yet alive.
'Orange Is The New Black' Star Sings Opera On 'The View' 
HBCU Alumni to Race Against Health Disparities in Black Communities Every year, the DC HBCU Alumni Alliance 5K Run and Community Health and Wellness Fair holds an annual race that serves as a summertime gathering for friends connected by the HBCU experience, and raises scholarship money for students who will attend black colleges in the fall.
Lupe Fiasco Explains Why The Concept Of White Supremacy Is False 
The Temperature of Black America In situations like these, it's always an individual act, somebody's loose screw, and never an examination of the institutions that created him and so many other racist policies and practices.
AME Church Massacre and America's Inability to Acknowledge Structural Racism When a person objectively combines the history of Emanuel AME Church with Pastor Pinckney's political leanings, it is clear that racism was the main factor in the Charleston church shooting.
Black Fraternities (and Sororities) as Social Justice Organizations This is an opportunity for fraternities to not only reclaim some past glory but also, and more importantly, a chance to reinvigorate its membership and play an impactful role in advancing African American civil rights.
What Fear Of Saying 'The N-Word' Really Means 
Dylann Storm Roof, the Confederate Flag and Contemporary Racism While the nation has made considerable strides, the fact is that racism is still a potent adversarial force in the lives of far too many Black Americans. This is evident in chronically unemployment rates in many Black (and Brown) communities. Obscenely high incarceration among Black men.
These Black Trans Couples' Stories Tug At Our Heartstrings 
People All Over The U.S. Have Had Enough Of Confederate Tributes 
Gov Nikki Haley 
Post-Rachel It's time to redefine what \Blackness\ really is.  If not, Black people will continue to get duped in our own spaces. I don't know about you, but my Blackness can't handle another Rachel Dolezal. Yours shouldn't have to either.
The Art of Being Alive Series In the past 12 months my brother has been harassed by police twice. Once with a gun pointed directly at his chest. He wonders why the color of his skin makes him a target when all he wants to do is play ball in his neighborhood.
The Struggles of Speaking Honestly About Race in America Racism is a direct reference to an enforced racial hierarchy rooted in power and privilege. You can't call black people racist, because black people are not beneficiaries of privilege -- the superiority complex that fuels white supremacy.
Larry Wilmore Takes Fox News To Task Over Charleston Church Shooting Coverage 
An Open Letter to My Black Father What was best about you though was your constant, unrelenting evolution as a man. As a parent, you'd admit your own shortcomings and tell me to learn from your misdoings. Hence my need to to be authentic, true and self-accountable through any obstacle.
The True Beauty Of Black Fatherhood In 11 Photos 
Charleston Church Holds First Service Since Shootings 
Charleston Shooting Judge Previously Used Racial Epithet In Court 
Charleston Church Plans To Reopen Amid Vigils For 'The Beautiful 9' 
Black And Living Under The Confederate Flag 
Tyler Perry 
7 Ways We Can Respond to the Trauma of Charleston This most recent tragedy is not an isolated violation, but an exclamation mark in a long string of violations.
Brandy Norwood 
Charleston Resident On Church Shooting 
Rachel Dolezal Booted From Police Panel 
Kalief Browder, Not Rachel Dolezal, Is Key To Understanding Race In America 
Police Criminals and the Brutalization of Black Girls As with police beatings and murders of men of color, there is no special dispensation for black women victims of state violence, no \weaker sex\ clause that mitigates the brutalization of black women's bodies as hypersexualized policed space.
Documentary Review What the documentary the filmmakers have assembled is educational, eye opening, often emotional, sad and galvanizing. As the 98 minutes of footage roll by, it becomes apparent that Jordan's tragedy is a chapter within a much longer book.
What We Ignore When Talking About the #CarefreeBlackBoy Movement To not acknowledge that the current #Carefreeblackboy movement is not a euphemism for rich black men who can afford to do whatever they want safely is inconsiderate and problematic to black survival as well.
Another Disturbing Twist In Rachel Dolezal Saga 
Civil Settlement Reached In Renisha McBride Case 
The Dehumanization Of Black Children That institutional racism exists is not to be denied. That it permeates the very social fabric of America is manifest in our attitudes. There are many costs for these great injustices, not the least being the lives of children. In our schools, playgrounds and pools, America has a problem with Black children. And it is costing them their lives.
Beyond the Chokehold 
Another White NAACP Leader Weighs In On Rachel Dolezal's Ethnicity 
Are You African American? A curious case of passing took center stage on social media this week. Enter Rachel Dolezal, the 37-year-old artist, professor and NAACP leader from Spokane, Washington who is allegedly passing as black.
Dear White People I want to be held accountable and I must hold you to the same level of accountability. I want to be in relationship with you based on truth telling, based on kindness, based on a desire to understand and to be understood.
Why The Fight Against HIV/AIDS Still Continues As Black leaders, it is our duty to preserve our communities. In doing so, we must tackle issues that are at hand and be honest with our constituents. Individuals like Mario Cooper paved the way for us to address the disproportionate impact HIV/AIDS is having on minorities.
Nile Rodgers On How The 'Blurred Lines' Case Will Affect The Music Business 
McKinney Officer Has History of Racial Animus McKinney Police Officer Eric Casebolt and several others eventually responded and what happened next was jaw-dropping. Casebolt was captured on cellphone recordings chasing and swearing at the black teens in an attempt to corral them up like cattle.
How The AIDS Discussion Reflects The 'Diminishing Of Black Lives' 
Not Your Mother's James Baldwin A collage of song, multi-media and narrative poetry, Notes of a Native Song is as much an ode to the prolific artist and author of the essay Notes of a Native Son, as it is a critique of the canonization of Baldwin's work and the sterilization of his public image.
Hate, Homophobia, and Heteropatriarchy at the Hampton Minister's Conference As upwards of 8,000 clergy convene next week at Hampton University, an interesting yet disturbing subtext has emerged that casts a cloud over the gathering.
Apollo Theater Celebrates Its Rich Legacy With 10th Annual Spring Gala 
Why Conservatives Love to Fan the Black Murder Myth Conservative blogs and pundits are at it again screaming that young black males are killing each other with abandon in city after city. It makes no difference that murder rates have drastically plunged in most big cities over the past two decades.
REPORT 
Tyler Perry 
This Stereotype Of Black Women Has Serious Implications 
What Happens When the Protests Are Over? Recent events in Baltimore are a reminder of the need to build \civic infrastructure\ in inner-city communities like Sandtown, the neighborhood in which Freddie Gray lived, a neighborhood I studied closely.
On the \A\ w/Souleo 
42 Black Filmmakers Take Over Twitter To Raise Awareness Around Diversity In Cinema 
Ex-Cop To Stand Trial In Dashcam Beating Of Unarmed Motorist 
Why This Activist Wants More African Americans To Push For Legal Marijuana 
Racist Letter Tells Black Family To Leave Neighborhood 
Brothers Johnson Founder Dead At 60 
Black Women in the Fight Against Police Brutality Mosby's courageous decision to prosecute makes her just one of the many black women over the decades who have worked hard to quell the scourge of police brutality. Black women have played a substantial role in bringing national and international attention to the issue, both in the past and today.
White Riots If those were black kids rioting at the University of Kentucky after their loss to Wisconsin, or black gangs warring in Waco, Texas, you already know what the outcome would be
America's Television Consumers Have Spoken The overwhelming success of 'Scandal', 'How to Get Away With Murder', 'Empire', 'Being Mary Jane' and 'Black-ish', makes it clear that black actors and actresses are finally (and rightfully) in demand.
\Remembering George Haley I believe Ambassador Haley's place in American history should be more prominent. For a man who made American history six times, Ambassador Haley never spoke of his accomplishments or the past preferring to concentrate on the future.
Waco Biker Mayhem Again Raises the Fierce Racial Double Standard The bulging numbers of blacks in America's jails and prisons seem to reinforce the wrong-headed perception that crime and violence in America invariably comes with a young, black male face. The brutal reality is that Waco won't change that. It will be the proverbial one day in, one day out news story.
The Roots Aim To Expand Music Festival Following Record-Breaking Ticket Sales 
Empathic Understanding for Baltimore It is easy to judge Baltimore and say what people should do. Ask yourself if you consistently saw people in your community unfairly treated and stifled systemically; what would be your reaction?
New Video Of Freddie Gray's Arrest Emerges 
Arkansas Family Receives Pizza With Racial Slurs Inside Box 
My Open Letter to Baltimore Whenever I learn the tragic stories of people such as Freddie, I ask myself \what do I do if I were to get stopped or tailed randomly by a policeman who sees me as a person of interest?\ Every death requires me to revise my mental checklist. I'm running out of options.
The Atlanta Cheating Scandal Something remarkable happened as the cheating case, which dates back to 2005, unfolded. Over the last 13 years, Atlanta students have made significant progress on another test, the widely respected National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP), administered through the Education Department and considered the \gold standard\ of educational testing in the U.S.
'I Can't Breathe' 
Philadelphia Congregations Lead in the Struggle for Social Justice Philadelphia has a long history as an incubator for social justice activism, from the abolition of slavery to the Black Power movement.  Moreover, with its high unemployment and poverty, low wages, and high incarceration rate, the city could become another Baltimore.
61 Years After Brown v. Board Of Education, Many Schools Remain Separate And Unequal 
On the 'A' w/Souleo From the Met Gala to the Cannes Film Festival to Coachella, high-profile events have recently instituted measures meant to limit or altogether delete the taking of selfies. But you can't tell that to multimedia artist, Rafia Santana, with the debut of her SELFiE exhibition.
A Response to 'Black People Are Protesting the Wrong Way' Even when we disagree, we owe it to each other to push the discourse with researched rigor, not just anecdotal evidence or conceptions that can often guise logical fallacies.
Policing as a Public Health Crisis The public health crisis continues into the lives of police officers as well.  My realization was surprising.  I had not perceived officers as victims in the traditional sense, but there are vulnerabilities that need to be addressed to improve policing.
'Separate and Unequal' Given the recent unrest in Ferguson and Baltimore, it's time to reignite the debate
#HBCUsMatter Our mission is to build a better world through education and social change, and we believe that we must first start at home in order to truly impact the world around us.
Death Of Black Man Found Hanging From Tree In Georgia Ruled Suicide (UPDATE) 
Nine Georgia Deputies Fired Over Student's Death 
How One Mom Taught Her 7-Year-Old Daughter To Accept Her Natural Beauty 
You Better Mind Your Black Business! Ebony Costain, the founder of Ujamaa Box, was imbued with the spirit of entrepreneurship by her parents who owned a residential painting company.
Author Beverly Jenkins' Romance With the Past Thirty-one books later, Jenkins is known for introducing readers to little known histories of African-Americans in the 19th century, amid tales of complicated and strong heroines and the men who they grow to love.
Police Thug Game In the Hunger Games bestselling novels and movies, the rich capital uses terroristic \games\ to control the 12 poor surrounding districts. No young fan of the books or movies would miss the uncanny parallels between the treatment of Balitmore's poor and the brutal jovial wanton violence against Panem's poor.
Jazmine Sullivan's Chilling Cover Of Nina Simone's 'Baltimore' Is A Must-Hear 
Why I Am Marching on Mother's Day for My Son It's hard for me to celebrate on Mother's Day. I feel the absence of my 23-year-old son, Sean Elijah Bell, who was killed on November 25, 2006. He was out celebrating at his own bachelor party with his friends in New York City. It was only a matter of a hours before his wedding, and I was so thrilled.
Gray Family Lawyer Freddie Gray's homicide was not an isolated incident; it was the tipping point. That said, the question now is how to honor this truth?
Jamie Foxx Admits Parts Of His National Anthem Rendition Were 'A Little Off' 
Baltimore Photographer Captures Iconic Images Of Protests 
Is My Upset in Vain? On the Fatigue of Another #Baltimore Is there even any value in my pain, frustration or trying to use my voice? Is there any point in trying to engage my fellow American in dialogue that can bring about awareness? Should I even waste my breath trying to explain to you why Black people are sick and tired of being sick and tired?
I Found My Blackness During my childhood I was aware that I was different in color from the majority of people around me, but my father and mother emphasized brainpower, not color. Color was what you were, but not using your brain was a choice.
Why Do Black Immigrants Have Lower Incomes than Other Immigrants? If one examines the Pew Research Center's recent statistical portrait of black immigrants one notices a curious finding. Black immigrants have a median household income of $43,800, but overall immigrants have a median income 9.6 percent higher.
Baltimore Rising Despite poetic mantras championing the American Dream and romanticized ideas of equality regarding race, gender and sexuality -- laws were not instituted to protect or factor morality.
Baltimore Cop To Demonstrators 
Day Of Prayer For Baltimore After Freddie Gray's Death 
Baltimore PD Indictment Is One Thing, Conviction Is Another Maryland State Attorney Marilyn Mosby acted swiftly and courageously in indicting the cops who killed Freddie Gray. But as time has shown, it's one thing to indict and another to convict cops. Let's hope this go-round it will be different.
Understanding the Baltimore Protests Over the Death of Freddie Gray Like most people, I condemn violent protests, including what took place in Baltimore. However, the violence ought to be seen as occurring within the institutional context that has bred it.
Freddie Gray and the Black Police Officers Involved in His Killing Most regrettably, that there were black police officers involved in the killing of Freddie Gray is a part of our brutal, gruesome history.
The Big Problem With The Term 'Mass Incarceration' 
Why We Must Not Forget Black Women Are Victims Of Police Brutality, Too 
Thousands Protest Peacefully In Baltimore, And Many Lend A Helping Hand 
'Let's Go Home' Let us hope that the majority of the country will listen, and that racism and poverty begin to be alleviated by government created jobs, real school reform, and social services for the people like those in Baltimore.
What Pew's New Report Didn't Tell You About Black Immigrants Pew Research is just discovering something
Thousands Of New York Protesters Rally In Solidarity For Baltimore's Freddie Gray 
WATCH 
Nepal and Baltimore While it certainly can be argued that violence in any form is \senseless,\ the violence of Ferguson and Baltimore \makes sense\ to me, because I can understand its roots -- even while, at the very same time, repudiating it.
Residents Say Racism Accusations Don't Tell Full Story Of Cops Who Quit After Town Elected Its First Black Mayor 
Realer Than Fiction -- How We Got Our Wires Crossed About the Baltimore Protests Look, if you can follow a complicated episode of Game of Thrones, then you can follow this narrative playing out in Baltimore. What makes it worse is that we've seen it all before.
The Chilling Connection Between Racist Google Searches And Black Mortality Rates 
Mortal Men and the City of Baltimore I am not a fan of violence, but I am a fan of the people being heard. Now that it has hit the fan, I pray that we open our ears to hear the cries of a people far too long trampled upon, a people who can take no more.
Interview With Founder of MOKSHINI, Nadeesha Godamunne Nadeesha Godamunne is a full time in-house fashion illustrator/colorist from New Zealand now residing in Brooklyn, New York. Her voice needs to be heard. The creativity of her hands need to be seen. Say hello to Nadeesha.
What My 10-Year-Old Daughter Taught Me About the Death of Freddie Gray I'm always wary of the argument that all problems can and should be solved at home. I think that takes some of the responsibility off of other institutions that can bring about social change yet drastically need reform. But the role of parents and families is an important one -- particularly in the prevention of racial discrimination.
Bruce Jenner Perfectly Explains Transgender Experience With One Sentence From one sentence I realized, it's not for me to understand something I can't naturally relate to, but I must be compassionate. No one owes anyone a detailed breakdown of their personal and private experiences (especially when it can be so hard to put into words). The message is
Flawless As more white women turn to bronzers, lip injections, butt implants and the like, black women are still forced to maintain more conservative images in public to counteract stereotypes based on these features.
Live, Learn -- and Let Live It is a fact that the story of America cannot be truthfully told without the story of people of African descent. If we are going to close the gap and confront racism, we need to learn and understand others' history and way of life.
Only Black Officer On Force Says He Was Discriminated Against, Then Wrongfully Fired 
The Myth of Black Gay Privilege Does \black gay privilege\ still hold when trying to negotiate a raise or a promotion? It is one thing to evaluate a person's multiple social identities on paper and quite another to evaluate that individual in person.
Bill Withers 
Silence on Black Female Victims Weakens Fight Against Police Brutality No one can deny black men's vulnerability in this society and the recent killings of Walter Scott and Eric Harris are painful reminders, but the fact is black women suffer the same injustices. Silence in mainstream and black America is the only reason why it isn't widely acknowledged.
Don't Feed the Race Trolls If you've spent any time online you've seen them. They barge into every discussion about racial issues like belligerent drunks in a bar, arrogance emanating from them like a stench, armed with statistics \proving\ that Blacks are the most violent ethnic group on earth.
\u2018Born In Slavery' 
On Embracing the Diversity of the Jewish Diaspora As Jewish people across the United States and throughout the world celebrate Passover an remember their past, this is a perfect time to reflect on diversity and the future of the Jewish diaspora.
On the 'A' w/Souleo If Hillary Clinton needs any pointers on her 2016 presidential campaign, she can always turn to Gloria Steinem, Mary Wilson, and Bevy Smith. During the Figure Skating in Harlem annual gala, these women shared their thoughts on what issues Clinton needs to make a priority.
A Ritual That's Grown All Too Familiar 
Hundreds Gather For Walter Scott's Funeral 
Retired Police Officers Applaud Arrest in SC Shooting of Unarmed Black Man Now that South Carolina has taken this very important first step in arresting and charging Slager with murder, the NCLEO4J along with the Scott family and an outraged community demand justice and accountability.
Witness Meets Walter Scott's Family During Emotional Reunion 
State Violence Against Black and Brown Youth How does it feel to be a threat? How does it feel to know that your life is less valued? How does it feel to know that there are people in your midst who feel and are more privileged than you by the accident of phenotype?
Keep Calm and Don't Carry Overweight Racism There's a palpable tug of war on the ideologies of freedom. A progressive society should actively increase levels of tolerance and respect for differences. Unfortunately, this progress is constantly being undermined by law and order agendas that seem backwards and unfair in punishment.
On Mo'ne, SAE, & The Burden of Black Forgiveness Contrary to popular belief, Black people are not responsible for carrying the burden of white remorse. We are no one's moral mules and neither are we anyone's ethical scapegoats. We are more than that. Much more.
The REDEEM Act Regardless of their hardest attempts they and their families were constantly caught in this cycle -- a cycle that our country is complicit in creating, supporting and allowing to continue even when it is not functioning correctly.
Study 
Love The Real You In a society where we are hit with images that range from young girls beating on each other to assaulting our elders, one must wonder and question where is the love? Where is the love for self and those around us?
Mindy Kaling's Brother Sets Record Straight On Relationship With Sister 
Why Kierra Sheard Is the Future of Gospel Music Kierra was born into a vocal legacy. Her mother, Karen Clark-Sheard, is undoubtably one of the best and most recognizable voices in gospel music. I flew to Los Angeles to witness gospel royalty for myself.
Easter Men and boys rocking pastel-colored suits and church mothers with huge, ornate hats proved that White supremacy had not stolen our joy or stripped our style. Easter Sunday was a sartorial testimony to the beauty and power of Black culture.
This White House-Worthy Youth Mentoring Program Is A 'Beacon Of Hope' In Chicago 
Azealia Banks On Obama 
Here's The Racist Emails That Got 3 Ferguson Officials Fired 
The Next Big Pop Star Has 'No Gender, No Sexuality And No F***s To Give' 
NBC's New ComedyTo Tackle Ferguson 
Did Cosmo Deserve To Be Blasted For Being Racially Insensitive? 
Black Man With Asthma Dies During Police Traffic Stop 
'Luck' SETTING
Trevor Noah Taking the Tragic Out of Mulatto One Joke at a Time Mr. Noah, it's time to bring it. We're ready to talk about the complicated and crazy issues and stories about the mixed-race experience and move the needle on the conversation. And mostly, we're ready to laugh.
Being Black While Unemployed Looking for a job can be devastating to your confidence. You begin to question everything. Is it my resume?! Is there too much or too little work history?! Did I not smile enough?! IS IT BECAUSE I'M BLACK IN A VERY WHITE, CONSERVATIVE TOWN?!
Jimmy Dennis Jimmy Dennis' case reveals a great deal about a hopelessly broken system that administers the law, but does not necessarily dispense justice.
3 Easy Ways Millennials Can Fix Their Finances One of the things I most enjoy about working with Millennials is that they have the same outlook on life that I do
'Empire' Star Explains Why She Never Felt Like A 'Light-Skinned Black Woman' 
Why I Applaud Ex-Oklahoma University Frat Levi Pettit for Confronting Racism The fact that you have one student offender who did not play to that gate, and claim victimization, and instead accepted, fully, responsibility for his racist, offensive action, is cause for much hope.
Is It Time To Stop Reading Books By White Men? 
Strengthening the Connections Between African Americans and National Parks The arches of Yellowstone National Park at the park entrance displays the Theodore Roosevelt quote, \for the benefit and enjoyment of the people.\ Despite Roosevelt's rhetoric, the national parks' missions have lacked focus towards African Americans for decades.
Student Indicted For Hanging Noose Around Ole Miss Statue Honoring James Meredith 
The Real Reason Tyrese Didn't Reunite With Taraji P. Henson On 'Empire' 
Oklahoma Civil Rights Pioneer Nancy Davis Dies 
Stephen A. Smith's Delusion About Black Voters Is Nothing New Stephen A. Smith is just the latest in a long line to peddle the delusion that the GOP can change its ways and become an open-arms party for blacks.
Kirk Franklin Blasts Creflo Dollar's $65 Million Private Jet Campaign 
Saving Carver Federal, New York's Last Black Bank 
Broadway Actress Tonya Pinkins Is 'One Tough Broad' 
This Is Dick Gregory's Response To 'Empire' And The N-Word 
Mississippi Town Erects Emmett Till Museum 60 Years After His Killing 
If Ferguson Stays Ferguson, Blacks Have No One to Blame but Themselves Despite past voting obstacles, there are compelling reasons for blacks in Ferguson to rush to barricades this time to vote. One is the prospect of a regime change. Another is they could move to dump the racket that city officials have run for years that criminalizes virtually the city entire black population. Another is there's no excuse.
The Debate Everyone Should Be Having About Around Kendrick Lamar's New Album 
Study Shows America Has Become More Tolerant Of Every Group -- Except One 
Racism's Sinister Word Games 
Russell Simmons Set To Produce New Broadway Hip-Hop Musical 
The Terrible 'Irony' Of Starbucks' 'Race Together' Campaign 
Starbucks Wants Employees To Start Conversations About Race With Customers 
From Selma to Ferguson The presence of our African-American first family marking the anniversary of this triumphant struggle was incredibly poignant and inspiring in itself.  But for me, the most astounding part of the day was the president's powerfully inclusive, hopeful, and no-nonsense speech as he called for us to take more ground.
Tony Robinson, Rub\u00e9n Garc\u00eda, and Police Brutality Against Brown Bodies The current atmosphere of police brutality shows that many men of color continue to live in a police state in the 21st century United States. When racial profiling, police brutality, and general discrimination are proven to be systematic in our society then we should all be pushing for actions that create change together.
Guilt, Privilege and the Unraveling of Race The overarching desire is not to live in a \post-racial\ America, but to exist in a \post-racist\ America. The goal is not for all races to be considered the same, but for each race to have a private identity and culture that is separate, but respected equally.
Nothing New in the Ape Crack About Michelle Obama Silly, sick, demeaning cracks made by such as the canned Univision host Rodner Figueroa likening First Lady Michelle Obama to a Planet of the Apes character are not new. The long, sordid and savage history of racist stereotyping of African-Americans has been the stock in trade of race baiting and racial ridicule for more than century.
Everything You Need To Know About What's Happened In Ferguson 
Mayor Of Ferguson 
What Everyone Is Getting Wrong About Serena Williams' Return To Indian Wells 
Hundreds Attend Funeral Of Unarmed Man Shot By Police 
Wikipedia Edits On Police Brutality Traced To NYPD Headquarters 
Front-Line Civil Rights Fighter Dies 
Shonda Rhimes Takes Broadway! 
A Program Aimed At Reducing Racial Bias May Be Coming To Your City 
Harvey Weinstein Calls Out Hollywood's Lily-White Awards Mentality 
Michael Brown's Family Releases Statement After 'Senseless Shooting' Of Ferguson Cops 
How Ferguson's Legal System Echoes An Ugly Past 
Method Man Lists DOJ Report As Contributing Factor For Ferguson Police Shooting 
Slavery's Legacy Still Echoes In Tunisia's All-Black Village 
#Boston2Selma, Selma 50th Anniversary Jubilee The list of issues in the black community can fill an entire book. Of course, progress has been made. Even so, complacency and satisfaction with our condition in the new Jim Crow Era cannot exist, or further progress will not be made.
Meet The 10-Year-Old Maths Genius Who's Just Enrolled At College 
Brown Lives Matter, Muslim Lives Matter These tragic incidents received a mere fraction of the attention they should have.  While the focus of late has been on #BlackLivesMatter, it is important to address the violence visited upon other groups, including religious and ethnic minority groups -- whether by terrorists, vigilantes or police who believe they have a right to monitor and take not only black lives, but brown lives too.
The Story We Don't Tell About Selma On March 7 2015, the 50th anniversary of Selma, the president recounted the awe-inspiring story of what happened in Alabama in 1965
Why Michelle Rodriguez's Apology Is Lame The realities, not Michelle Rodriguez's misguided and blinded opinion, are the forces at play when talking about the lack of new superheroes of color being created. They are being created, they are just not being created by the big two, so most people do not know about them.
John Lewis Shares Memories From Selma In This Incredible Series Of Tweets 
President Obama, First Family Lead The Way In March Across Selma Bridge 
How #WeCan Get Police to 'Protect and Serve' The sketch looks at what policing might be like in the not-too-distant future, and more importantly, what we want it to be. Police body cameras are an important part of that, but just as essential is the way that the footage is used and interpreted.
Echoes From Selma... Struggle Is a Never Ending Process Fifty years later, we remember the suffering and sacrifices of those who set out to march from Selma to Montgomery that day.  We honor those who gave their lives as they bravely faced the racial oppression during the Voting Rights Campaign. As our struggle continues and as we remember Selma and Bloody Sunday, let us move forward in the philosophy of Nonviolence. I truly believe that is what we owe those who marched toward violence and racist rage on March 7, 1965. Their resolve and resiliency demands that we lift humanity with the principles and the methodology that transforms us first.
Bill Cosby Sexually Assaulted Me. I Didn't Tell Because I Didn't Want To Let Black America Down. 
Massive Crowds Gather In The Streets Of Selma To Honor Landmark Anniversary 
How College Students Are Taking The Lessons From Selma Back To Campus 
Internet Trolls Made Cruel Memes About This Ill Toddler, Now Her Family Speaks Out 
AIDS and African-American History Black inequality--inaugurated under slavery and maintained by protean forms of white supremacy--has been central to American society, through to the present day. But where does AIDS fit into this story?
Lionel Richie 
Petition Calls On Alabama To Rename Historic Selma Bridge 
T-Boz Celebrates 20 Year Anniversary Of 'Creep' 
The Next Oprah Winfrey & Algebra By loving, cherishing, and supporting mathematics education for African American women and girls, we improve our society and empower future generations.
Black Futures Must Involve Environmental Justice I truly hope Obama ignores the noise and pushes the EPA to set a strong standard that will adequately protect public health based on the science, which is what the Clean Air Act requires.
Why George W. Bush Should Not March in Selma As we get ready to commemorate Dr. King and so many others who marched to Selma, I would argue that George W. Bush has forfeited the right to march. He does not get to partake in such a solemn and sacred time in our history that moved us forward as a nation when all he did was set us back.
Black Equality Doesn't End in February Black History Month is more than just acknowledgement in a newspaper or a special program at the kids' school. It's an opportunity to reflect on how far Black people in the United States have come in their struggle for justice and equal rights.
Retired Police Officers Meet Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee A multi-cultural group of retired and former police officers met with Rep. Jackson Lee of Texas to share and discuss their varied personal experiences with regard to institutionalized racism and the unnecessary state-sponsored murders of all Americans.
How Zendaya Coleman Un-locked Stereotypes Locks are an unapologetically black hairstyle, from their origins to the growing process. And while natural black hair has been put down for hundreds of years in the United States, Zendaya Coleman was showcasing pride.
The Power of Embodying Black Mastery and Our Full Leadership Potential Leadership is not simply a place in an organizational structure, it is a discipline and a path -- a calling to become powerful catalysts of and embodiments of transformation.
Prophet of Respect And Malcolm X stands for self-empowerment. He is proof that anyone, even those who have fallen far, can free himself. You just have to work harder. That's why his spirit is very much still alive in the whole wide world even 50 years after his death.
Deshawnda Bradley, #BlackLivesMatter and the Reminder That Self-Definition Is Essential to Our Survival With very little national attention, transgender victims (especially those of color) are forgotten while their cases grow cold and their murderers often walk free, as in the case of Deshawnda Bradley.
REPORT 
February Is Historical Accuracy Month Soon February will do double duty as Black History and Historical Accuracy Month.  The snow brings with it flurries of concern about Brian Williams, American Sniper, and whether Selma got it right or wrong about President Lyndon Johnson.
Here's What Happened When Detroit Youth Got Real With Police 
10 Must-See Black Landmarks At Your Fingertips 
Why Don't My White Friends Talk About Race? Here's What They Told Me These are women with family-friendly brands. They have made their livings online by being noncontroversial and avoiding the icky parts of life -- the icky parts that I love to dive into head first. But there they were, chiming in and telling me of their own fears and worry, thus mitigating my own ache.
Will Smith Responds To Jaden & Willow Critics 
Black History Month the British Way Though it has a shorter legacy than the U.S.' month set aside to honor the achievements of people from the African Diaspora, those in the U.K. also use various mediums to educate the public on the African-Caribbean community.
'Stand Your Ground' Laws Are Still On The Books In 22 States 
Fifty Years Later, Questions About Malcolm X's Assassination Remain There is no evidence that the FBI, other intelligence agencies, or the NYPD had a direct hand in Malcolm's murder. But it can't be totally separated from the well-documented, savage war that the FBI waged against black organizations and black leaders, including Martin Luther King Jr., during the 1960s.
An Open Letter to My Mom and Black Women Multiracial, intergenerational communities have proudly proclaimed that Black lives matter. But \Black lives matter\ seems to be associated only with Black men. I want to tell you, Mom, that when I chant those three words, when I march, lie in the streets, or raise my hands symmetrically in the air, I do so to assert your humanity too. You are worthy.
Sony Back on the Racial Hot Seat True diversity is more than a studio spotlighting a few black mega stars in big production movies and then back-patting itself for its efforts to make diversity a reality.  It means implementing meaningful programs and initiatives.
Discovering Racial Audits The challenge in addressing race relations in America has always been struggling to find the right place and time. In order to effectively embark upon that journey, police may need to be their own first respondents in addressing race and ethnicity within their own communities.
E! Fashion Police Masks Racist Speech Towards Zendaya As Comedy The beautiful 18-year old Disney starlet Zendaya looked absolutely ravishing at the Acadamy Awards in her satin ivory Vivienne Westwood gown and her elegant dreadlocked hairstyle. But Giuliana Rancic of E! Fashion Police did not agree.
Black Influence on Political Power Starts With Fair Voting Rights If \Black Lives\ REALLY MATTER, then we must acquire and exercise the right to vote to insure that we elect officials who will impartially administer the laws and manage those State and Municipal Agencies having jurisdiction over our children and our own daily lives.
Giving Culture to Our Kids I know after my husband and I pass, our kids will be less Turkish than they were when we were alive. And in turn their kids will be less Turkish, and so there's a chance our legacy and history will disappear within just two lifetimes. What was built over thousands of years will be erased in two generations.
#BlackLivesMatter In 2014, the Central Park Five officially stopped being infamous
Appreciating and Allowing Art to Enlighten, Enrich and Heal the Black Community Through painting, writing, poetry and music, the arts have provided me with an ability to express my feelings, thoughts, ideas and imagination in ways I am certain I would not have been able to in my life otherwise.
50 Years After His Death, Malcolm X's Work Is Unfinished 
Oscars Protest Planned Over Lack Of Diversity 
Why Malcolm X's Image As A Separatist Lives On 
Why It Should Bother Everyone That The Oscars Are So White 
What the Hollywood Reporter's 'Brutally Honest Oscar Ballot' Teaches us About Entertainment's Great Art Debate What shapes our concept of art is personal experience. What expands our concept of art is exploration, adventure and curiosity -- stepping outside of our comfort zone to see and feel more.
A Salute to the African American Playwright August Wilson This film is a beautiful legacy. It sheds light on a very gifted man who, like many creative people, was raised under difficult circumstances in an underserved area of Pittsburgh. All of his plays were \doors\ into the black experience, and from many eras of the American story.
The Book of Negroes For those of us who research, write, and teach about the past for a living -- and for many others paying close attention -- the lack of attention given to The Book of Negroes tells a story as rich and troubling as the film itself.
History Curriculum Needs More Coverage of Black Inventors There is a reason we study Russian and European history as an integral part of our history curriculum. History is required from pre-K to college because it is a vital part of knowing how you and your country came to be.
Repair-ations Guyana 
The Book of Negroes Based on the award-winning novel Someone Knows My Name by Lawrence Hill, The Book of Negroes tells the story of Aminata Diallo, an 11-year-old girl kidnapped from West Africa and her personal and spiritual journey as part of the Trans-Atlantic slave trade.
James Madison's Warning to Rogue Police Departments It is about race. And wariness of bad police officers stretches throughout the entire African American community whether we talk about lawyers or stone cold thugs.  We are united in knowing that we are targeted by some law enforcement because of race.
Fifty Years After Medicare Desegregated Hospitals, Blacks Still Fighting for Health Care Access The ability to access quality health care services for the majority of the black population has been largely due to federal government policies and initiatives designed to address long-standing, systemic barriers to medical care for African Americans.
The Dream Lives You may say Dr. King was a Dreamer, but he's not the only one. Do we not dream of a just society, too? Do we not dream of a day of better opportunity, full equality, and hope for all?
Talib Kweli Donates $100,000 To Ferguson Protestors 
Why St. Louis Should Move To Illinois 
These Amazing Maps Show The True Diversity Of Africa 
The Key to Solving the Black Jobs Crisis Is Organizing Black Workers The cause of the Black job crisis is not just the economy. It's the lack of power. No matter how \strong\ the economy, we are disproportionately unemployed and in low-wage jobs.
The Death of Jordan Baker and Why \All Lives Matter\ Isn't Enough Rather than resisting or trying to change such cries, there is an opportunity for those of us in historically privileged and powerful positions in the culture to listen, learn and better understand the longing behind the words.
Levar Edward Jones This happened in daylight, not the murky suspicion of night. The driver's door was ajar so there was no obstructed view.
An Open Letter to Gov.Nikki Haley and the South Carolina House of Representatives Regarding the Closure of South Carolina State University South Carolina State University might currently be experiencing financial issues, and the university does need a sustainability plan to lead them into the next 100 years of collegiate education, but closing the university is akin to needing a new roof and deciding to demolish the house instead. South Carolina State will not be served well by closure.
The Relevance of Streetball in New York City As players brought life and energy to the blacktops, the courts served as the place to realize dreams. With big audiences including players' friends and families taking notice of the passion and skill evolving before their eyes, it was only a matter of time until big corporations began exploring business opportunities.
'Bullpen Therapy' for the Central Park Five Saturday, Feb. 7, was the third time I saw Joe Assadourian's The Bullpen, which addresses Assadourian's encounter with the New York criminal justice system. On this occasion, three of the Central Park Five were in attendance. Would they find humor in Assadourian's performance after being vilified by the media and unjustly incarcerated?
I Was a Black Power Fugitive The summer of 1969 was the hottest of my life. After the call for black power, I and many activists were facing even more intensive attacks as J. Edgar Hoover's strategy for \counterinsurgency\ unfolded.
Black and Missing in America When the Black and Missing Foundation, Inc (www.BAMFI.org) began in 2008, 30 percent of all persons missing were of color. Sadly, that number has grown -- seemingly to a new record setting incline.
An Apology to My Fellow Black Woman My husband, whom I married at the age of 22 was my first African-American friend and the first black man outside of our close knit African community that I dated. Not only was he nothing like what I thought he may have been--neither were his mother and sister.
This Was My Story If I hadn't experienced living in that homeless shelter when I did, I don't know where I would be right now, or what I would be doing with my life. What was so powerful about going through that rough patch in my life was that I was able to appreciate everything that I had.
Up From Leeds 
Black LGBT Lives Deserve Love and Liberation, Too Too often when we do find the strength to vocalize our challenges, our own communities can serve as barriers working to prevent us from truly making progress to build a brighter future.
John Crawford III What does it say about our nation when these facts alone are not enough to merit universal outrage?
Vote of Closure for SC State South Carolina State University will find it nearly impossible to recover from Tuesday's vote by the South Carolina House Ways and Means Subcommittee to close the university for one year while all leadership and students are swept out of its doors.
An Open Letter to My 3 Extraordinary Brown Girls You will hear a lot about what it means to be a black woman -- some good, and a lot of it bad. In those moments, when you sit back, confused, and striving to find your own definition of what it means to be a black girl in America, I want you to think about a few things.
Sale of Ebony and Jet Photos Like Eating the Seed Corn At the darkest times in segregated America, I could read any issue of Jet or Ebony and feel content that blacks -- that I -- could still excel in any human endeavor. Happy thoughts, cheer and optimism filled the pages.
Black History Month Together we can bring more people to the table by expanding feminist narratives and acknowledging the intersection of issues within the larger movement for women's empowerment. To strengthen our movement, we have to address inequality as all women experience it.
The Life and Death of Lennon Lacy Strange, still, is the spectacle of a Southern lynching upon a swing set, a symbol of youthful euphoria now rendered the site of a Black youth's strangulation.
The Power and Future of Black Faith My vision only makes sense to those young men we met in Ferguson, and the future we seek to create if Black Faith will show up.
Why The AIDS Epidemic Matters To Black Lives We'll know all Black lives will matter when all forms of Black suffering, including those from HIV and AIDS, aren't hidden in shame and silence.
Jerome Murdough, He Too Is America In 2013, Jerome Murdough baked to death in a 101-degree Rikers Island cell. This is how a former U.S. Marine met his end.
The Significance of National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day Now in its 15th year, National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day is meant to spark conversations within our community and promote education about the disease, but why? With observance days like National HIV Testing Day and World AIDS Day, why is it important to have a day dedicated to the Black population?
Harlem Set As Backdrop For TV Show About Black Gay Men 
Renisha McBride Renisha McBride was black, a woman and human. She deserved to be alive today. Her life and black women's lives matter.
Move Over, Barbie 
Every Breath a Black Trans Woman Takes Is an Act of Revolution In January, there were reports of four brutal murders of Black trans and gender non-conforming people of color. There has been no national outrage over our lives.
D.C., Where Blacks Are No Longer A Majority, Has A New African American Affairs Director 
Black History Is American History We must tell our stories from the boardroom to the courtroom; and from the outhouse to the White House. That we are at the heart of the American story, and without our story, there is no authentic American story.
Codifying Racial Injustice The Hyde Amendment and H.R.7 target poor women who are disproportionately African-American or Hispanic. They establish a two-class system of medical care, a concept deemed unconstitutional for public education.
How One NYPD Officer Went To Jail For Using A Chokehold -- And Why That's Unlikely To Happen In The Eric Garner Case 
Why I Don't Believe in Forgiveness Resentment is an indicator that moral judging is taking place. Resentment is not just some feeling we have. It is an emotion that has intentional and cognitive content.
Stacey Dash Still Just as 'Clueless' I'm just curious as to why victims are always expected to modify their behavior in hopes of deflecting abuse from a society that devalues them anyway. Why are we not working to change our cultural ethos?
How Selma Changed My Life Thanks to television, the entire civil rights era is part of my personal history, even though my middle class white family never participated in a demonstration. But we were part of it all. Every American alive in the 1960s was, no matter what position you took. I am proud of my parents' views, and how they guided me.
The Three Slayings of Michael Brown 18-year-old Michael Brown had the dubious distinction of being slain three times. The first was, of course, his being gunned down by now former Ferguson police officer, Darren Wilson.
Black Future Month Beginning this Sunday February 1, Huffington Post Black Voices will kick off a month-long feature tackling 28 different cultural and political issues affecting Black lives.
Unbound Rage More than most championship games, Super Bowl XLIX features a collision between two cities that represent different generations of American identity. Not surprisingly -- in a contest rooted in masculinity -- racial symbolism functions in many different ways.
Reproductive Justice Matters \I thought you worked on abortions so how can you also believe Black Lives Matter?\  That was the question I was asked when, on the anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I posted remarks, via social media, on the importance of honoring this anniversary.
Doug Williams Made History On This Day 27 Years Ago 
Michigan Congressman Calls For Police Reforms After Cop Who Killed 7-Year-Old Walks 
Ludacris Wins Full Custody Of Daughter 
How Wearing The Wrong Jewelry Can Get You Locked Up 
'Fresh Dressed' Documentary Schools Us On Hip-Hop And Style 
Isn't It Time to Take Hoover's Name Down From FBI Headquarters? FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover's obsessive resentment toward the civil-rights movement in general, and Martin Luther King Jr. in particular, made President Richard Nixon's infamous \dirty tricks\ look like child's play.
3 Black Adoptees Speak Out About Life With White Parents 
DC Plans to Invest $20M in Minority Male Students D.C. Schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson announced a plan to invest $20 million to support programs for Washington, D.C.'s men of color. This includes opening an all-boys college preparatory high school in 2017 under the \Empowering Males of Color\ initiative.
A Clear Timeline Of The Tamir Rice Shooting 
5 Real Ways to Actually Support Black-Owned Businesses True, social justice and political activism can help solve many of the continuous problems facing our community, but what about economic growth and stability to help heal our struggling neighborhoods?
Starz Debuts 'Power' Season Two Trailer 
Barry Levinson Blames Hollywood's Diversity Problem On Our Education System 
Congressman announces #HandsUpChallenge 
Seahawks Fumble MLK Day Tweet, Have To Delete It 
Eric Garner Memorial Burns Down On MLK Day 
MLK Day King believed that \intelligence plus character ... is the goal of true education.\ In this respect, King in both word and deed demonstrated many of the character attributes that are essential to building and sustaining great communities.
Why Young People Need to See 'Selma' We must make sure the movies we create and the stories we tell are accurate and honest so that our children may learn from history.
Congressional Black Caucus Supports Ferguson Protesters 
#ReclaimMLK 
My Dad Was in Selma My dad was a seminary student at Yale Divinity School when the first of three Selma-to-Montgomery marches took place, in 1965. The marches led to the passage later that year of the Voting Rights Act. But a lot of blood was shed in the process.
The Weird Racial Politics Of Online Dating 
MTV's Bold MLK Day Move Will Be One You Won't Want To Miss 
Resurrecting Dr. King Dr. King became a martyr for peace, justice and equality. Did his life and death truly change social conditions in the United States? Or, were the federal laws associated with the Civil Rights Movement only window dressing, disguising fundamental inequalities that remain intransigent?
Here's One Reason That May Explain The Deafening Silence On Boko Haram 
Race Relations Remain an Issue of Signifcant Concern to Many Americans The fact is that race has always been a major issue in America. For many blacks and other non-whites, it has been the perennial issue. When W. E. B. Du Bois stated that \the problem of the 20th century would be the problem of the color line,\ he was right on target.
What's Missing From the New Annie It's a hard knock life for poor black and brown youth and their parents not because they are not willing to work hard, but because of the legacy of discrimination embedded in the structure of past federal government policies such as the New Deal.
To Increase Test Scores, Schools Should Stop Suspending Students, Says Study 
Police Chief Defends Officers Caught On Video Striking Suspect 
A Review of 'American Sniper' His steely, icy demeanor gave Chris Kyle a steady aim, but didn't protect him from the fragile aftermath of war, particularly Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). The film fluctuates between his achievements in battle and his ordeal back at home.
21st Century Black Giving A New Year has begun. But Black Philanthropy Month continues with #BPM365--a call to remember, mobilize and celebrate our giving and self-help traditions.
Adorable Alert! 
The NYPD Could Learn Something From The LAPD's Progress On Race Relations 
This Controversial Policing Strategy May Be A Precursor To Gentrification 
We Will Not Be Moved One cannot truly impact the world from a safe distance, and we have never been afraid to take our position on the frontline. Our team will continue to work on the issues in the communities that need our help the most.
Adult Swim's Hit Animated Series Addresses Police Brutality 
Azealia Banks Slams Kendrick Lamar For Ferguson Comments 
Media Coverage Lags as FBI Searches for Suspect in NAACP Office Bombing I'm not sure which is more disappointing
Rebel Music Hisham Aidi's book, Rebel Music
WATCH 
The Logic Behind Dan Bongino and Rudy Giuliani's Accusations of 'Race Hustling' Recently it has become trendy for political pundits, talk-show hosts and talking heads (particularly on the right) to point to race \hustling\ as the culprit behind heightened racial tensions in America.
Phylicia Rashad On Bill Cosby Accusers 
Will There Be A Destiny's Child Biopic Coming Soon? 
Judge Agrees To Consider Releasing Eric Garner Grand Jury Records 
Wrestling With 'Justice While Black' Perhaps the best thing about Justice While Black, by Robbin Shipp and Nick Chiles, is the way that it puts individual faces on the persons, disproportionately African-American males, who are systematically abused by the criminal justice system.
John Crawford's Girlfriend Killed In Car Crash 
Not In My Backyard Don't let yourselves forget. Live in this moment. Acknowledge your fellow black Americans in this country and the fact that they are not being treated equally. Engage with this, and prove that we can work towards a better America.
The Myth Of The Central Park Five 
One Vogue Cover Doesn't Solve Fashion's Big Race Problem 
His First Day Out Of Jail After 40 Years 
5 Entertainment Events We Want To See Happen In 2015 
For the Record We have not yet seen the film Selma. Pending this, we are surprised and perplexed as to why there should be any controversy about the respective leadership roles of Dr. Marin Luther King, Jr. and President Lyndon B. Johnson concerning the events in Selma, Alabama, January though March of 1965.
That Day After Christmas On the Friday after Christmas, when the sanitation truck drove away, my neighbor went to retrieve her receptacles expecting nothing out of the ordinary. But as she rolled them back into her yard, she couldn't believe what she found scrawled on the side of one of the receptacles
HennyPalooza When I heard there was an event called HennyPalooza that was taking the East Coast by storm, I was intrigued enough to expose my liver to the madness. I also made it clear to the people in my life that the tree wasn't the only thing getting lit this holiday season, so why not?
#BlackLivesMatter Demonstrators Bring In New Year With Protests 
Why I Am Optimistic About The Future Of Race Relations In America 
New Year's Reflections on Race Relations To quote Pharrell Williams' hit song \Happy,\ \it might seem crazy, what I'm about to say.\ In regard to race relations, there wasn't much to be happy about in 2014. Still, I'm happy and optimistic about race relations in 2015.
#BlackLivesMatter Truly Dominated 2014 
How Do Mothers of Slain, Unarmed Black Daughters Grieve? The pain of Dominika Stanley over the senseless loss of her baby girl, Aiyana, is unimaginable. Hard to suffer, too, is the crushing weight of isolation and alienation as the world responds to tragedies like that of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown Jr., and Eric Garner to the exclusion of the loss of black women's and girls' lives.
8 Socially-Conscious Songs That Defined 2014 
North Korea's Racial Slur of President Obama Is Business as Usual It's hardly the first time that some official or official source in North Korea has gotten caught with its racial dirty linen waving. The verbal war is the outcrop of the deep suspicion, distrust, antagonism, and confrontation that's characterized relations between the U.S. and North Korea for decades.
The Secrets Behind The Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater 
Akai Gurley March Draws Hundreds 
I Was Taught to Be Racist for My Own Protection My parents were terrified that the same racism that they had endured would cause me the same tremendous pain and frustrating limitations as it had caused them. They wanted to protect me from the experiences of hate that they had lived.
Kwanzaa 2014 Black lives matter.  All lives do.  I don't celebrate Christmas.  It's not an either or proposition, but I will celebrate Kwanzaa this year as I have for the last 25 years.
Antonio Martin's Girlfriend Grieves 
Protesters Mourn Antonio Martin, Shut Down Missouri Highway On Christmas Eve 
'We Won't Allow Them To Stop Us From Bringing Attention To Police Brutality' 
2014 Top 10 Accomplishments on the Historically Black College and University (HBCU) Landscape It's that time of year again - time to look back at the accomplishments of HBCUs. We present those that we think will have the most lasting impact on Black colleges, the students that they serve, as well as the surrounding communities.
On the \A\ w/Souleo For anyone who thinks it is poor timing to host an economic summit focused largely on increasing diversity in Silicon Valley during a climate of protests against police brutality, here is a rebuttal
To Be Black, Trans and Brilliant This summer, I started a series focusing on the lives of black trans leaders. The second in this series of many to come, is Sasha Alexander, founder of Black Trans Media and the hashtag #BlackTransEverything.
Fallout From Ferguson Most of the news stories I've see about Ferguson market and sell fear, and many of the community reactions to the events focus on blame and retribution. This deeply concerns me because blame doesn't heal and revenge doesn't satisfy.
The Big Showdown Episode 3 
Competing Protests For And Against Police Face Off In NYC 
The Big Showdown Episode 4 
Now We're Mad? The recent airing of Sorority Sisters on VH1 has many people really upset (a slight understatement). Social media lit up with emotional rants about crying and broken hearts, threats to snatch sorors up, calls for boycotts, tweets to brands... the list goes on. I get it. Kinda.
Annie Review On the surface, there is absolutely no reason to update the classic Broadway show Annie, which was already adapted for the screen in 1982.  But this multicultural cast redux adds a hip swag to the classic kid's story. This Annie is urban, emotional and fun.  But far from perfect.
Who's Hungry? Some Of The Best Southern-Inspired Eateries Are Anywhere But The South 
The Revolution Will Be Tweeted, Instagrammed, YouTubed, Snapchated, Etc. I believe the revolution has begun and we are ready for change and soon no one will be able to mislead us and we will take advantage fully of the voice we have on a regular basis. Not just in extreme times, so if you want to be a part of this revolution, look on your phone or computer.
Why Rants on Sharpton, NAN and the #JusticeForAll March Are Immature, Insensitive and Irresponsible I honor the enthusiasm, the tenacity, vigilance of all who have marched, took rubber bulletts, made financial sacrifices, and found strength to go on anyhow. But as you assess where you are, and you find that this work is in your purpose, grab hold to your lane and stay in it with consistency and persistency.
ACLU Lawsuit Says Ferguson School District Discriminates Against African-Americans 
Al Sharpton Calls For Action Against Sony Executive For Racist Emails 
Sony Producer Makes Shocking Claim About Black Actors 
Black Women's Roundtable Optimistic About NFL's New Personal Conduct Policy 
4 Reasons Why You Are Still Broke As women destined for greatness, we have to manage our finances in a way that empowers our lives, brings us joy, and enriches our souls. The first step on this journey to greatness begins with self-reflection and a decision to no longer be broke.
The Best Films of 2014 It's not like Michael Keaton's career was kaput, but it seems like he raised himself from the dead with this invigorating performance. Mexican director/writer Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu gave Keaton a plum role.
Sony Exec's Apology Following Prejudicial Emails Is Just Not Enough, and Here's Why Pascal's defense, which essentially amounts to a pivot away from the significance of what those emails symbolize, is simply not enough. It does not excuse the magnitude of the prejudice on display in those emails, prejudice coming from a person who sits in a position of power in Hollywood, no less.
An Open Letter to Penn's Phi Delta Theta Fraternity for Their 'Beyonce' Blow-Up Doll Holiday Card Sorry doesn't excuse ignorance. Sorry doesn't change rape culture, racist imagery, and misogyny on a campus that represents otherwise.
For Spike Lee, D.C. Protest Amounts to 'Do the Right Thing' I have interviewed Spike many times over the years on TV, but on this day he was among the thousands of protesters in the nation's capital.
Why I Took My Baby to #MillionsMarchSF Growing up, I learned of how my grandmother taught in segregated schools and my mother attended them, prior to witnessing the race riots that accompanied integration. Though they were before my time, these events, and the role my family played in them, have shaped me.
When Love is Too Much But Not Enough Marie showed me my own anxieties and fears around commitment and marriage, shedding baggage and losing my own sense of self in an effort to be with someone else.
7 Adjectives to Accurately Describe Black Women Other Than 'Strong' and 'Independent' On one particular Saturday I went to the thrift store in the afternoon, and the radio was playing. \Fellas, call in and tell me two things you love about Black women after the commercial break,\ the DJ said. My stomach immediately tightened. Even though I hadn't yet heard any of the listeners' perceptions of Black women, I already knew in my gut what they were going to say.
5 Really Big Myths About 'Next Generation' Civil Rights and the Fight for an Open Internet We are a new generation of civil rights leaders, 21st century Internet users with our hands and our digital voices raised, calling out #WhichSideAreYouOn?  Our response? We're on the freedom side. We want our digital voices protected by real network neutrality.
Tamir Rice's Mom 
VIDEO 
'Everyone Has A Stake In This' 
Tens Of Thousands March On NYPD Headquarters To Protest Police Killings 
These Powerful Signs Illustrate The True Diversity Of The #BlackLivesMatter Movement 
Children Make Their Voices Heard At Protest 
Grieving Mothers 
Processing the Facts As we unravel the ugliness of the past weeks, from Ferguson to Eric Garner, it's easy to get emotional. I sure have. And it's difficult to separate fact from fiction
Dave Chappelle Says He Was Once Choked By The Police 
Tamir Rice Death Declared Homicide In Newly Released Autopsy 
Exodus \Exodus
'American Spring'? As in the Arab Spring, young people like the Dream Defenders and Millennial Activists United, protesting police practices in the black community, have created a \free space\ in the national political continuum. What will fill that space when the protests inevitably end?
4 Ways to Kill the 'Strong Black Woman' So You Can Be Happy Again If you see a black woman you love running herself ragged to hold everyone down and everything together as primary breadwinner and chief emotional caregiver in the family because of the unrealistic expectations placed on her, please help her by doing the following.
Demands for Justice Are Failing Black Women and Girls Many of the condemnations of police brutality have excluded the experiences of black women who have been brutalized in custody. The ongoing media blackout surrounding the case of 13 black women allegedly assaulted by a police officer in Oklahoma City may be the hardest evidence of the devaluation of African-American women's lives.
Akai Gurley's Death Shines Harsh Light On Vertical Patrols In Public Housing 
The Chokehold Is Still Alive and Well Courtesy of the Supreme Court The double tragedy in the Garner slaying was, of course, his senseless death but also that his death does not alter the fact that the chokehold still remains on the official books as a weapon that police officers can use. For that, thank the U.S. Supreme Court.
'My Country, 'Tis of Thee'... and Then There Was Ferguson... and Staten Island Instead of arguing about whether Mike Brown had stolen cigarillos, or whether Eric Garner should have allowed himself to be arrested, we should adopt the language of \Black lives matter -- all of them.\ We all have a stake in creating a better system. But for that to happen, we have to be in this together.
Here's Where To Protest Police Killings Of Black Men 
Meet the Bullocks In a few months the family will appear together in a short film that was written by mom Audrey and directed by Wendell Thomas. In the spirit of art imitating life, the film, Outside the Box, is about an artistic family that tries to bridge the generational gap inherent in different types of musical tastes.
4 Things I Learned After Viewing Kinky Boots On Dec. 7 I saw Kinky Boots at the SHN Orpheum Theatre in San Francisco.  Words cannot describe how extraordinary it is.
No Work, No Justice While everyone has their eyes on the U.S. Department of Justice with hopes it will launch federal civil rights actions against Darren Wilson and Daniel Pantaleo, the two police officers involved in the Brown and Garner matters, it's actually equally important for us to focus on local politics. It's there that the power for change lies.
How We Make Decisions on Issues Like Ferguson It is interesting that in assessing the situation in Ferguson, individuals tend to retreat to their separate opinion corners. It appears you have to be either pro Mike Brown or pro Darren Wilson. More commonly opinions are expressed in terms of which team (or individual) is a demon and which is blameless. Why is this?
Being A Cop In St. Louis Showed This Man How Racist The Police Really Are 
Akai Gurley Protesters Gather At Housing Project Where He Was Killed 
Nationwide Protests Condemning Police Brutality Continue With No End In Sight 
WATCH 
Dear Mr. President, Say It Loud You're right, it is your job as president to help solve this, so how about this
4th Night Of Police-Violence Protests Expected In New York 
New York Sees Third Night Of Protests Over Police Violence 
What My Daddy Taught Me About Love And Renewal Daddy lives in a quaint house in the same bucolic town, on the same country road, next door to the house in which he was born and raised.
Harvard's Black Students Pen Powerful Response To Grand Jury Decisions 
Protest vs. Privilege One of the marks of privilege and power is the ability to ignore the cries and pain of those who are oppressed. This is something that happens everyday.
VIDEO Men and boys killed by police. I can't breathe. Impunity for the killers -- no justice, no peace. I can't breathe.
Ferguson from Afar It's a shame that we so often neglect black lives that we need a hashtag that reminds us #BlackLivesMatter. We can't transform a broken system overnight, but we can be aware.
The Historical Context of the Ferguson Riots What is happening in Ferguson is a result of the unfinished business of the civil-rights movement. The process is unjust, and laws have been systematically stripped away, undoing many of the provisions that protected minorities from white terror. Many blacks feel they have been denied all legitimate means of civic redress; thus they have no other appropriate venue to express their angst.
What Actually Happened With Rosa Parks Is Not What You Learned In School 
How Much Can Federal Guidelines On Racial Profiling Change Law Enforcement? 
New York Prepares For Protests As Grand Jury Reviews Eric Garner's Death 
An Explanation for the 'Black on Blackers' Amongst African Americans there is an argument that Blacks protest louder when White police officers (or Whites with pseudo police authority) kill or otherwise commit violence against Blacks than they do when young Black males kill or otherwise commit violence against other young Black males. I affectionately call the proponents of this argument the \Black on Blackers.\
Top Five Andre Allen (Rock) is a hip New York-based stand-up comedian who has stretched his talents thin. He's in a plethora of movies; none are particularly good, though they have brought him fame and fortune.
Here's How Wu-Tang's Career Is Parallel To Kung-Fu Movies 
'More Powerful Than the March of Mighty Armies Is an Idea Whose Time Has Come' In my last blog post I wrote, \The president and the attorney general should immediately convene a meeting at the White House of young black men and their representatives and the chiefs of police of most major urban communities....\ Yesterday the president did just that and actually went even further.
What Is The End Goal For Ferguson Protestors? 
Actress Opens Up About Playing Whitney Houston's Rumored Lover 
Every 28 Hours... A Black person in America is killed by a police officer or a person protected by the state every 28 hours. We take action in the name of ending anti-Black police-state violence and ask that you join us in nonviolent direct action wherever you are in the world.
LOOK 
Photo Of Young Boy Hugging Officer Goes Viral And Becomes 'Icon Of Hope' 
How We Should Discuss Ferguson So as we continue to discuss the events of Ferguson, its ramifications and what it teaches us about American society, avoid speaking with maxims. Regardless of your opinion on the verdict, consider the other side honestly, even when it seems that no one does the same.
Black, Male, Mad As Hell We must listen to each other and we must be willing to hear the difference within each other and seek common ground. We must stop the finger pointing because it gets us nowhere. If we want the change we seek we must all be willing to have and open and honest conversation.
Ferguson This may not be the \American Winter\ to compare with the recent \Arab Spring.\ But it's the start of something significant. And I believe it's time it's time for us to let our young people share the daunting task of cleaning up the mess they stand to inherit.
Darren Wilson Resigns From Ferguson Police Department 
Ferguson Is Ferguson the existential reality of America in 2014? The inconvenient truth is that many African Americans see the grand jury decision as further confirmation of their belief that nothing has changed since the Kerner Report of 1968, and that nothing will; a police officer who shoots and kills an unarmed black man will almost always be exonerated.
Protesters Shut Down Oakland Train Station 
Ferguson Protesters Target Black Friday Sales 
Family Of Chicago Woman Slain By Police Share What They'd Tell Mike Brown's Family 
The Light in the Darkness A native of St Louis, long a New York City expat, I less felt anger than shame at the inevitability of it all. Performers cast in a familiar play with specific roles to play once the curtain went up.
Ferguson Protesters Celebrate Thanksgiving In A Church, Boycott Black Friday 
#BlackoutBlackFriday 
Telling People They Sound Racist Can Be Awkward. Here's What You Should Do. 
Thankful for Our Power Today, as we celebrate Thanksgiving, be encouraged that even in the midst of such profound sadness and darkness, there are still glimmers of hope and things worthy of gratitude
Volunteers In Ferguson Help Ward Off Looters 
This Is What The Black Voices Family Is Thankful For 
Saints Player's Moving Reflection On Ferguson Goes Viral 
Michael Brown's Father Delivers Turkeys To Ferguson Citizens 
Young, Black and Powerful There is no doubt that black lives matter to the parents of black children. Our fear is rooted not in our ability to love and provide for them, but rather the realization that comes with daily reminders around us that their lives matter only to us.
Black Lives and Black Stories Matter Black lives matter. Despite what we're seeing in media headlines, the actions of our courts and legal system and police departments everywhere -- black lives matter and black stories help shed light on history of race in America and beyond.
Pharrell Williams' Remarks About Michael Brown's 'Bully-ish' Behavior Surface 
Parents Bring Young Children To Bear Witness To Ferguson Protests 
Another Opportunity Having failed so miserably earlier this month to express our justified anger at the ballot box, this Thanksgiving weekend, along with its Black Friday promotions, throughout the holiday season, and for whatever necessary days or months to come, we have been given the opportunity to express our justified rage, anew.
The Harsh Truth About Dating Online As A Black Woman 
Police Agree To Some, But Not All, Protester Expectations 
Lawsuit Alleges 911 Dispatchers Were Told They 'Speak Ghetto' 
With Mia Love's Election We're Still Not Post-Racial Just as many people took the election of Barack Obama as a sign of a new post-racial America, some might take Love's election to mean that post-racialism has reached Utah. But the truth of the matter is that the election of a racial-minority candidate tells us very little about racial relations.
Why We Don't Need Another White Dude On The Cover Of People's Sexiest Man Alive 
Florida Cops On What Ferguson Can Learn From Trayvon 
Black-Owned Food Trucks Give New Meaning to Meals on Wheels 
St. Louis Teen Revisits Father's Advice While Anticipating Verdict 
Is Cosby Still the Darling of the Right? In May 2004, comedian, social critic and philanthropist Bill Cosby took the stage at Constitution Hall in his hometown of Philadelphia. It was a gala commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court's Brown decision on school segregation.
Double Justice in Missouri For the second time in two months, Governor Jay Nixon of Missouri approved the execution of an African American man sentenced to die by an all-white jury. But Missouri and this governor have absolutely no moral authority to execute anyone.
Corporate Buyout How did it come to this, when the NAACP, Urban League and other legacy civil rights groups are actually propping up Republican leadership in their efforts to tear down President Obama?
\Bye Felicia\ Is The Name Of a New TV Show And You'll Never Guess What It's About 
Hundreds Of Michael Brown Protesters Stage 'Die-In' In Missouri 
Recordings Released From The Day Michael Brown Was Shot 
Judge to Allow Prior Abuse Allegations in Marissa Alexander Trial 
Absurd Study Suggests White People Think Black People Are 'Magical' 
Awaiting Ferguson Grand Jury, Activists Drill Protest Tactics 
Sherri Shepherd Opens Up About Divorces, Misconceptions & Life After The View 
Aretha Franklin To Sue Over Unauthorized Biography 
Kim Kardashian's Paper Cover Has A Race Problem That No One Is Talking About 
Beyond the Lights Quick Rihanna, check to see if someone stole your diary. This ode to young black chanteuses fighting personal demons feels like the story of her life.
Michael Brown's Parents Testify At U.N. 
Ready or Not, Here It Comes Now that I've transitioned to the rip old age of 35, retirement has been on my mind a lot lately. If you read my blog posts often, you know I often say it's your younger self's job to look after you older self. Fortunately, I've discovered many creative -- even fun -- ways to go about it. I'm also finding fresh new ways to get this vital message out.
It Isn't the Athletes; It's the Educators African-American men definitely function at lower reading levels than their peers -- male or female. And it is because the education system doesn't teach them how to read. You can't treat the problem without acknowledging its origins.
Families Of Chicago Police Shooting Victims 
Stop What You're Doing and Watch AmeriCAN 
Safer Neighborhoods and Schools in California Next week, California voters will have a chance to vote for historic criminal justice reform in a state that badly needs it. A ballot initiative called Proposition 47 is poised to rebalance California's priorities away from incarceration and towards rehabilitation and education.
Mississippi's Race To The Bottom 
'Acting White' I walked the walk, talked the talk, and now had a student ID card showing that I am an educated person. However, this didn't stop a store owner from turning up her nose at me when I entered her shop and having one of her associates follow me around. And this didn't stop the suspicious stares of residents in a small town where I visited one of my friends this past year.
Was This High School Football Team's Watermelon-Smashing Ritual Racist? 
13 Women Have Accused Bill Cosby Of Rape -- So Why Has America Forgiven Him? 
Black Voters Need to Wake Up I am a registered Republican. And I'm black. I'm for civil and equal rights. A raise in minimum wage, I'm for a woman's right to choose an abortion. My switch from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party was not about ideology but about power.
\Stop Killing Us\ Say Strong Youth Leaders in Ferguson, Missouri's Weekend of Resistance to Police Brutality During the Weekend of Resistance, activists joined many actions planned by the youth organizers.  On Friday, October 10, despite an intense rainstorm, hundreds marched in Clayton, Missouri demanding that the county prosecutor step down.
Any Child I Have Will Be Brown Being black or brown isn't the problem. Neither is my childhood dream of having a house full of black and brown babies. The problem is white supremacy. I don't mean the still-dangerous KKK or Aryan Brotherhood. The white supremacy I'm talking about is much quieter.
Why Vonderrit Myers Matters 
Fly Rudeboys Reminds Us What Cool Looks Like 
An Open Letter to HBCU Graduates Fellow graduates of historically black colleges and universities, we can and must come to the aid of our institutions while there is still time to make a difference. Fiscal insolvency and the loss of accreditation are two insurmountable challenges from which I have not known any institution to recover. What follows are some concrete steps we can and must take to support HBCUs.
This Reverend Wants White Christians To Stand Up To The 'Racialized Police System' 
Putting Implicit Racial Bias to the Test Discovering these biases shouldn't make one feel ashamed or fearful that he or she is a racist.  Uncovering implicit bias and guarding against it is a responsible and necessary step for anyone dedicated to eliminating bigotry and prejudice.
What if Jody Westby Had Not Said No to Racial Profiling? Westby was white, middle-class, and an attorney, and therefore automatically believable and credible when she voiced her outrage. Stucky was fortunate she was there and did what she did. Others haven't been so fortunate. That will only change when more such as Westby choose to say no to racial profiling.
Mother Of Jordan Davis Speaks Out On Guilty Verdict For Man Who Killed Her Son 
Racism Charge in Ebola Fight Way Overblown Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson was tactful and circumspect when he questioned the way health officials and medical staffers handled the care and treatment of Ebola victim Thomas Duncan. Jackson carefully avoided using the \R\ word.
Why Boris Kodjoe Is As Beautiful Inside As He Is Out 
We Asked To See Your Beautiful Black Fathers, And Here They Are 
'A Chosen Exile' 
Key And Peele Say How They Really Feel About 'Family Matters' 
Faces from Ferguson It was at one of these panel conversations that I met and connected with youth activists from St. Louis who profoundly stunned me with their pronounced brilliance, moving determination and extraordinarily inspiring resiliency.
This School Is All About Diversity. NOT! 
REPORT 
More Than a Label Remember that a word can only be a limiter if it's believed to be a true descriptor of you; therefore, define and live by your own positive words to help make your dreams and others come true.
Rinkins Report \You can have an education. You can even earn a doctorate degree. But, you will not succeed unless you value yourself. You must also have integrity, honesty and the ability to think.\
Of Course Tom And Jerry Was Racist. The Question Is What to Do About That. 
The Transformation of Justin Bieber From a White Youth to a Black Man Because many whites feel that US society is now \post racial,\ enabling them to \get their black on\ without a physical presence in the black community, white label executives package black culture and style through white artists without the burdens of racial disadvantage.
Rahm Emanuel Has 'Ticked Off A Lot Of People' 
What Sweeping Floors After His NFL Career Taught Terry Crews About Pride 
John Ridley On Directing 'Jimi 
6 Ways To Stop Being An Angry Black Woman Thanks to a recent New York Times article, I learned what makes a black woman appear angry. All this time I thought I was just being a regular person with regular emotions. Turns out, black women are to be extra cautious of our actions and behavior.
How Liberians In The U.S. Are Dealing With An Epidemic Across The Ocean 
On the \A\ w/Souleo 
Contagious Racism The mechanism by which race affects has never been fully understood. Even when accounting for other factors, race exhibits a larger effect on outcomes than can be attributed for.
Justice for the Atomic Veterans - Part 2 While the economy, war, and immigration are deeply partisan, this is one issue that is not. For once, Congress can do the right thing and unify under the banner of the \atomic veterans.\ But time is running out.
How HBCUs Respond to a Call for Inclusion of LGBT Students 
What The Black Community Has To Say About Corporal Punishment 
Orlando Jones Fights 'Apathy' On Race Issues With 'Bullet Bucket Challenge' 
Emancipating Freedom James Forten's vision -- and the many courageous stories of others along the Delaware -- remind us that freedoms are hard won by those willing to sacrifice to make the world a better place.
Midnight Vistas In February 2015, the first-of-its-kind Afrofuturism conference, Midnight Vistas, will bring together artists, writers, scholars and activists from across the United States - and throughout the world - to convene.
30 Years Later, 'Cosby' Kid Is Busier Than Ever 
Tommy Davidson Talks 'Black Dynamite' Season 2 
Kid Lit Equality -- Fantasy or Reality? The publishing industry can't solve this problem, but the relative lack of children's books by and about people of color nonetheless functions as a kind of \symbolic annihilation.\
Chris Brown To Ray Rice 
New Book Says Bill Cosby's Jokes Masked Pain 
5 People Who Aren't Helping Race Relations in 2014 This year, no one is safe when it comes to the ridiculous onslaught of ignorance about to people of color. Whether it was the media, celebrities, or members of our own community, the backwards advice and excuses for the degrading of our people was annoying.
Ferguson Crisis Is Symptomatic of Many Other Injustices The stark and wildly diverse perceptions that white and black Americans have of the crisis in Ferguson (and on race in general) is crucial evidence that the racial divide in our nation is still considerable.
Don't Exploit Ferguson for a Net Gain Ferguson is one of those situations that forces us to reevaluate where we are as a people, as a culture, as a society and what things need to be improved.
Everything You Need To Know About Michael Brown's Record 
Police Allegedly Mistake Black Actress Kissing White Partner For A Prostitute 
How The Notorious B.I.G. Turned Fear and Rage Into Genius \Ready to Die\ is a multifaceted masterpiece, but its driving force is Biggie's supplication for America to recognize a young black man wrought with the fear and rage of existing in a life rooted in continuing stagnation.
Ferguson and the Dilemma of Black Journalists It seems there hasn't been this many black journalists on TV since Trayvon Martin and therein lies the problem. Diversity in the newsroom is not only a necessity but needs to be constant.
Read 'Death of a King 
Dispute Over Duke Ellington Royalties Lands In Court 
Black Twitter Won't Let Vogue Forget Epic Article Fail 
Where's the Outrage Over Oklahoma Cop's Alleged Assault on Black Women? Despite the mind boggling charges, and subsequent kid glove treatment of Holtzclaw, there's been no indignant spate of articles and features in the national press on this injustice, no rallies, demonstrations, and marches from women's groups, and most tellingly, not a word of protest from civil rights groups.
Actress Taraji P. Henson's Heartfelt Message To Mike Brown's Mother 
Black Gain Is White Pain -- How the White Right Justifies Racial Injustice To the modern right, black gain is white pain. The more respectable among them have learned that if you pretend to believe that racism does not exist, despite the undeniable evidence, you can perpetuate white supremacist outcomes indefinitely.
A Reminder that America Is Not Colorblind, But It Can Be We grasp tightly onto our dirty, old habits of prejudice by focusing on the surface issues of race, when instead I believe the world is much more dynamic and simplified if we infuse a larger dose of humanity back into it.
What It's Like To Be A Black Cop In St. Louis County 
You May Not Be Racist, But These Words You Use Every Day Are 
You Should Love Beyonce! You should love Beyonce. Yeah, that's right. I said you should love Beyonce. You shouldn't love her because she's beautiful. You don't even need to like her music. You should love Beyonce, because she's a black woman at the top of her game. We need it.
New Michael Brown Shooting Witness Comes Forward 
This HBO Show Used 'Brownface' And Pissed Off A Lot Of People 
Seeking Transformative Justice in Ferguson, Dearborn, and Beyond Justice for Michael Brown, for Renisha, for Trayvon, for Eric requires that we confront and acknowledge the legacy of racial hatred and violence that infects our communities and has launched the epidemics of criminalization, brutal, abusive policing and mass incarceration.
What the Michael Brown Case Tells Us About Women, Fear, and Black Males In our daily interactions with news and pop culture as well as anti-racist movements and protests, Black men become the representation of violence in America. However, Black women seem to fade into the background, as do the women who have raised them, cared for them, and loved them.
It's Hard To Learn A New Language. But It's Way Harder To Learn A New Culture. 
On Labor Day Because of the injustice he saw inflicted on his grandparents, Fred Redmond has sought to ensure through collective bargaining that workers receive fair compensation for their labor and that every worker gain entrance to the middle class.
Hillary Got It Right on Ferguson and Race It was worth the wait for Hillary Clinton to speak out. Clinton skipped the platitudes and echoed the uncomfortable truths that black men are routinely profiled, disproportionately pack America's jails and prisons, and get longer sentences than white males.
Ferguson Protesters Hope To Transform Anger Into Change 
Police Tactics Again Under the Spotlight in Racially Charged Demonstrations Let's get real, America.  Only by acknowledging and dealing with the continued importance of race as a principal underlying cause of our deficiencies can we ever hope to deal with and resolve those defects in our nation.
UN Condemns U.S. Police Brutality 
Year-Round Schooling Closing the achievement gap for minority students is always the topic of discussion and it seems to me that we have at least a partial solution right in front of us. Implementing year-round schooling will lead to minority students who are more engaged with their academics.
The Myth of a Post-Racial America The election of Barack Obama was the Lexington and Concord in the latest great battle of race in America. We are a nation at war with itself. For all of our desire to move beyond the narrow confines of many of the events of our tragic history, we cannot. The president's election gave new life to what had been lying dangerously dormant for the better part of 50 years.
Terri J. Vaughn Talks 'Girlfriends' Getaway' 
Any Negro Will Do Could it be that, in a nation that has legalized racial profiling through such policies as \stop-and-frisk,\ the persecution of pigmentation makes African Americans indistinguishable from each other in the eyes of the law -- so much so that all are feared as imminent threats?
Most New Yorkers Want To See Criminal Charges In The Death Of Eric Garner 
Long-Simmering Anger Over Police Violence Erupts At St. Louis Forum 
Watch Elementary School Nicki Minaj Share Her Career Aspirations 
Can Taylor Swift Teach Us Anything About Ferguson? Escalating racial tensions, and the puzzled response from white America, reminds us that many in suburbia still have no clue about American's complicated history with race. Taylor Swift's \Shake It Off\ may be bubblegum fun, but it does not deserve a ghetto pass (regardless of her playful \I'm such a dork!\ tone).
How A Massive March For Justice In Staten Island Was Not Anti-Police 
Michael Brown's Body Was Left On The Street For 4 Hours 
More Than Race Fuels the 'Support Darren Wilson' Campaign The instant Wilson was fingered as the shooter of Brown, the money train rolled into high gear complete with rallies, counter demonstrations, badge-signing parties, and pitches to Americans to flash blue lights on their front porches backing Wilson.
22 Years After The Rodney King Riots, America Still Boils 
Activists Carry Coffin Of Mentally Ill Woman Killed By Police To City Hall 
The Grand Jury In Michael Brown Case Is Mostly White 
Black Mother Speaks Out 
WATCH 
What Black Parents Tell Their Sons About the Police 
Radio Show Publicly Blasts Floyd Mayweather 
Black Women Call Taylor Swift's New Video 'Really Troubling' 
Good Times and the War on Poverty A possible interpretation of the theme song and the show being is that you have to be grateful for the good times (the positives) in order to see your way through the remaining challenges.
'Hercules' Actor Calls Ferguson Protestors 'Animals,' 'Losers' 
If We Bend Not Our Energies The nation's focus on the killing of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri confers yet another opportunity for deeper racial understanding, but like other (too many other) teachable moments arising from the tragic loss of young black life, the opportunity is fleeting and frail.
Spike Lee 
Heartbreaking Illustrations Document The Last Words Of Unarmed Black Men 
Lone Man Tries To Take On A Crowd Of Looters In Ferguson 
Ferguson Events Highlight Continued Tensions Between Police and Poor Urban Residents The events in Ferguson remind us that it important to address allegations of police brutality and to assess the underlying causes of the subsequent violence that continues to occur in that community.
Fewer Than Half Of American Students Are Ready For College 
For Now, Young Black Males Matter... Until the Cameras Go Off It's almost as if they are saying please don't go away, please stay, because the moment you leave or turn the channel, no one will care anymore. They will go back to struggling in silence and irrelevance.
Gucci Mane Sentenced! 
Shared Vision, Varying Styles 
Resident Recalls Police Harassment In Ferguson 
Toward Our Shared Humanity Some predominantly white school districts in greater St. Louis area are voluntarily cutting tuition for transfer students to ease racial segregation. More districts need to take the initiative to integrate schools, and the state.
The Aging of a Black Boy in America One day my grandson won't be six and little and cute. In fact, in 12 years, he'll be the age Michael Brown was on the last day of his life. And it won't matter what values his family has instilled in him, nor what the \content of his character\ is.
Michael Brown's Family 
New Video Shows Aftermath Of Michael Brown Shooting 
Ferguson On Edge On First Night With Curfew 
The Second Slaying of Michael Brown The instant the news broke that 18-year-old Michael Brown was slain by a Ferguson, Missouri cop the inevitable happened. Police officials dusted off a well-worn \cover themselves\ template.
Photo Emerges Of Darren Wilson, Cop Who Fatally Shot Teen 
Ezell Ford's Parents Mourn 'Free-Spirited' 25-Year-Old Shot By LAPD 
Poet Destroys The Fallacy Of 'Black-On-Black' Crime In Under 2 Minutes 
Why I Fled St. Louis I have many nephews and godsons who are growing up Black in cities that are notorious for the abuse of Black boys. I promise them that I will support them with anything that they dare to dream. But what I cannot promise them is safety from the police.
Convenience Stores and Convenient Narratives Like Emmett and Trayvon before him, the surrounding details are disputed. Yet, the final outcome is the same. Once again, history may never know what exactly took place because Michael is not here to speak for himself.
Ferguson Shop Owner 'Overwhelmed' By Community Support After Looting 
Ferguson Protesters Guard Stores From Looters 
Darren Wilson Identified As Officer Who Fatally Shot Michael Brown 
FLASHBACK 
4 In 10 Black Americans Think Relationships With Police Have Gotten Worse In Last 20 Years 
Ferguson Police Chief 
Witness Claims Photo Of Man Dead In Street Is Michael Brown (GRAPHIC) 
#MyBlackLifeMattersBecause Spreads Powerful Message That Race Shouldn't Affect One's Value 
New Report Shows 'Stark' Racial Inequalities In Service Jobs 
Is Claudia Jordan Joining 'Real Housewives Of Atlanta'? 
'Oh, They Shot Him In The Leg? Must've Been A White Guy' 
Who Should Play Richard Pryor? 
T-Boz Adds More Fuel To Ongoing Drama With Former Manager 
Sitting at the Feet of Jill Scott You probably know that Jill Scott is a critically acclaimed actress.  But you may not know some of the dues she paid to get there. She discovered the hard way that there is no book, nor dummy's guide to dealing with fame in Hollywood.
Palestinians, Blacks, and Jews Living in a World of Trauma All three groups have been dehumanized as the \other,\ the bogeymen that will destroy if they are not destroyed. And all of us know what it is like to be trapped in the ghetto and have the walls close in on them, and all know how it feels when the lynch mob comes.
Porsha Lands A New Gig! 
Please Shut Up About Iggy Azalea I am not at all saying that Iggy Azalea is a saint. But I place the blame on the current state of female hip-hop, the forever growing resistance for music taste to evolve and us, the consumers.
The Black Panther Unleashed Storms of Carnage
Why I'd Rather Be Called a Black American Than an African-American 
Concert-Goer Taken Into Custody At 'On The Run' Tour Stop 
5 Ways To Decompress From The Stress Of Traveling 
The Whitewashing Of James Brown James Brown was the blackest entertainer in the history of America. The blackest. There was nothing integrationist about his art, at all. He never tried to crossover. You had to come to him. He was iconic and not just musically.
The Perfect To Keep A Sexy Bod And Still Enjoy Your Vacation 
Jamie Foxx Gears Up For Another Biopic 
How School Suspensions Can Punish You For A Lifetime 
10 Things you Should Know About the 39th Annual NABJ Convention and Career Fair #NABJ14 The 39th Annual NABJ (National Association of Black Journalists) Convention and Career Fair will be held in Boston from July 30th through August 3rd
To Be Black, Trans and Brilliant Lourdes is a self-described black, trans revolutionary, academic and orator residing in Brooklyn.  As co-founder of the Trans Women of Color Collective (TWOCC), she is leading a transformative movement that uplifts the narratives and leadership of trans people of color.
Race Will Continue to Haunt Rand Paul Kentucky GOP Senator Rand Paul is far and away the only 2016 GOP prospective presidential candidate who has made even a smidgen of an effort to crack the GOP's toughest of tough sales, and that's to woo black voters.
Why Renisha McBride's Case Makes Me Wanna Holla Ultimately, the jurors will be the judges of the facts and what is reasonable. However, where race and gender clash, the black woman usually ends up on the short end of the deal.
The Real Reason Why Tupac-Inspired Broadway Musical Closed 
Renisha McBride, Trayvon Martin And How Race & Gender Have Affected Coverage 
Mobilizing to Reduce Hepatitis C in the Black Community Hepatitis C infection is a major public health concern for people of all races. To help increase Hepatitis C awareness, testing and access to treatment for individuals infected with the virus, we recognize National African American Hepatitis C Action Day (NAAHCAD) on Friday, July 25.
On the \A\ w/Souleo For Jennifer Hamilton it wasn't enough to be the only one wishing her husband a happy birthday. She decided to try and get the whole world to say it along with her.
Black Women Still Suffer From Wage Gaps Here we are 50 years later, and if you're a woman of color, then you're still facing inequality in the workplace. According to a recent study, black women are making far less than their white, non-Hispanic male counterparts in the same jobs and positions.
5 Subjects White People Should Never Initiate in a Conversation With People of Color These conversations were always awkward for me and never satisfying.
Why You Need a Place of Your Own, Right Now Privacy is key to having a healthy space. The girls that we work with tell us that they need something that belongs to them where they could do what they want and need to do to better themselves.
The Black Church and HIV On July 20, the NAACP will recognize the Day of Unity, to combat the disparate impact that HIV has on Black America. As an ordained minister, I know the power that faith communities can wield by providing life saving education and advocacy. This is not the time to be quiet. This is the time to speak.
Black Philadelphians and Their Ungodly Fear of Police To hell with political correctness, it's time to talk about the black elephant in the room.
Woman Raising Money For Mother Arrested For Leaving Her Daughter At The Park 
Dear Rachel 
8 Pictures Revealing the Little-Known World of Black Jews 
Sunne's Gift's I have a four year-old and a one year-old and I can't imagine putting a relaxer in their hair because, like most kids their ages, they are busy-bodies. My mother relaxed my hair when I was four years old and my sister got her first relaxer when she was three. It really boggles my mind now.
'Holler If Ya Hear Me' Star Shares Love For Hip Hop on Broadway 
Beyonce's Father Slapped With Another Paternity Suit 
One Woman with Many Voices Tells About Passage from Guyana to the USA 
The Most Racially Segregated Day of the Week When growing up I heard that Sundays were the most segregated day of the week. Not that there is anything wrong with voluntary segregation. But interesting that when left to our own devices we tend to segregate based on race and ethnicity.
LOVE 
California Highway Patrol Freeway Beating Casts Ugly Glare on Assault on Black Women The horrid history of racial stereotyping that indelibly links crime and violence with African-Americans can't be ignored in trying to answer the question about why now African-American women are fair game for physical abuse.
Wynton Marsalis Trumpets Youth, Musical Diversity At Annual London Residency 
LISTEN 
Song of Redemption I caught up with director N.C. Heikin to ask her what inspired her to want to bring to life the \reality\ of Frank Morgan's life and she graciously took the time to give me some insight into her journey.
WATCH 
The Secret Epidemic, HIV In the black community, the number of HIV cases continues to increase. Why?
Tupac Shakur's Love For Women Discussed By His Broadway Show's Female Stars 
Columbus Short Ordered To Pay Spousal, Child Support To Estranged Wife 
Black Voters' New Path To Power 
Three Myths Hurting Young Black Men and Boys As a result of these myths, we're putting an entire generation at a severe disadvantage and wasting the lives of millions of people who, with reasonable investment, could become vital contributors to our economy and society.
French Montana Guilty Of Driving Without A License 
Love Handles, a New Web Series, Tackles Relationship Weight Gain 
Kara Walker's Sugar Sphinx Evokes Call From Black Women 
The Real Reason Why We Never See Kandi Put Mama Joyce In Check 
Redskins Owner Dan Snyder and Donald Sterling America in 2014 typically condemns racist behavior in the sports world -- just look at what happened to Donald Sterling. However, we've stood idly by for decades when the object of the racism is Native Americans.
Black Actors' Roles Are Seriously Changing 
How Corporate America Enforces Unspoken Rules On Black Women's Hair 
50 Cent Slams Jay Z As Overrated 
A Pilgrimage, the CORE Murders and Juneteenth I've always found it a very tragic and sad irony that the same weekend that we celebrate Juneteenth, we also remember and commemorate the loss of life of three heroic Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) members and volunteers
On the \A\ w/Souleo In an unfurnished New York City apartment with bare white walls, Wendell Headley paces the room with an intense energy bordering on unease. He's indoors--at what will soon be the home of an art installation featuring some of his avant-garde fashion designs--but he longs to be outside in the park across the street.
The O.J. Case 
Teen's Journey From Foster Care To College Is Too Heartwarming For Words 
Civil Rights Need Economic Rights The clash between American's declared values of fairness and justice and the functioning of its contentious and uncaring economic system is a potent deterrent to racial progress.
Why 2014 Should Be Another Freedom Summer After so many marched, organized, petitioned, registered voters, and risked their lives and livelihoods -- and some even died -- how do we as a country allow their victories to be stripped away before our very eyes?  If there was ever a time to have a renewed Freedom Summer, that time is now, in 2014.
NWA Biopic Casts Its Dr. Dre, Eazy-E 
Stalker Claims To Be Sanaa Lathan's Husband 
Honoring Our 'Other' Fathers Because we live in times with extended and blended families, for example, parenting goes far beyond the boundaries of immediate family. As the annual holiday approaches, I find myself thinking about those who act as fathers to a neighborhood, a church, or even a city.
'RHOA' Season 7 Lineup Announced! 
FIRST LOOK 
Kerry Washington Makes Her Post-Baby Red Carpet Debut 
Wayne Brady Hosts Special Apollo Theater Gala In Style 
Koch Brothers' UNCF Gift Is Worst Symptom of HBCU Financial Crisis One of the nation's richest and most influential companies with political leanings that weigh heavily against the mission and the culture of historically Black colleges and universities, is one of the largest benefactors to our most vulnerable institutions.
Code Word Use of the term \uppity\ has experienced a revival since Barack Obama's election as the nation's first Black President.  More than a few of Mr. Obama's detractors have taken to calling him \arrogant\ and at times, they have dispensed with the veneer of political correctness by even calling him \uppity.\
The Neglected Story Of African Americans On D-Day 
Not Just a Book The stories in this book are designed to educate and motivate our children of all colors (and even adults) on black heritage, roots and the entire black race.
Notorious B.I.G's Son Graduates From High School 
She's Baaaaack! 
Biracial Woman Talks To KKK Members To Confront Racism Face-To-Face 
Houston Designer Uses Kickstarter To Grow Her Line 
Maya Angelou My friends have been writing, reminding me of my Maya Angelou story, of my brief but meaningful time with her.
LOOK 
Maya Angelou's Most Inspirational Quotes 
Mark Cuban Got It Right About Stereotypes 
You've Got Friends!  Really? If you frequently post about the happenings in your life, and your friend list is becoming unwieldy, maybe it's time to pare it down or categorize. Truthfully, in today's world you might as well consider all of your posts public because you really have no idea who is viewing them.
Bishop T.D. Jakes on Using 'Instincts' to Triumph In Bishop T.D. Jakes's latest bestselling book 'Instinct,' he discusses how anyone can and should listen to their gut despite what data may say or which naysayers may surround them.
Being Mistaken For Kitchen Help Just Made This Exec More Outspoken 
Angela Bassett Set To Direct Lifetime's 'Whitney Houston' Film 
Why New York City's First Lady Chirlane McCray Is Inspiring 
11 Reasons Why We're Still In Love With Naomi Campbell 
Seth Rogen Charges Macklemore with Anti-Semitism, but Fails to See the Issues in His Own Film Some may not see the connection between these two situations, but I'd argue that Ike Barinholtz using a slur that offends black folks, and Macklemore donning a getup that offends Jews, are strikingly similar.
WATCH 
WATCH 
Apollo NIda 
America's Racial Carnival We are in a fun-house mirror period with respect to race. It has been a sobering reminder of the persistence of not only racism, but of those in power who massage its ailing limbs.
How Five Days in Johannesburg Changed My Perception of Color It had nothing to do with black pride and everything to do with what I saw in the eyes of that little boy
Eric Holder Cues HBCU Advocates to Focus on \Subtle\ Racism Education is the last and most precious commodity in the ongoing pursuit of social justice, and African-Americans should consider more seriously the notion of access to better facilities, racial diversity and larger classes being false signs of opportunity and equality.
50 Cent To Produce Season 2 Of 'Dream School' 
Cicely Tyson Set To Receive Honorary Degree 
WOW 
Why Do We Keep Saying 'I'm Fine'? To some, the strangest part of the Solange affair wasn't the brother-in-law/sister-in-law feud but the fact that a couple of minutes after the physical fight in the elevator, Beyonc\u00e9 walked out like nothing had happened. I don't know why women are shocked. We all do the same thing every day, especially black women.
60 Years After Brown The blame for the chronic school re-segregation is the deep persistence of housing discrimination, poverty, and the near universal refusal of federal and state courts to get involved in any more school desegregation cases.
Statement on Election of Cornell William Brooks as President and CEO of the NAACP 
Motown the Musical -- The Story of Berry Gordy and His Music 
From Solange to Porsha Stewart We should all do more to challenge the authenticity of the images presented to us and encourage diverse portrayals of black women and men in the media and society.
Does Lupita Nyong'o's Rise Signal the End of 'Giving In to the Man' in the Entertainment Industry? It seems as if in almost every way Lupita Nyong'o defies the traditional Hollywood standard of beauty. \u00a0She shows us that beauty has no formulas.
Military's Ban on Nappy Hair African American female servicemembers comprise the highest percentage of women in the military.
If the Clippers Win the NBA Championship Does Racism Win as Well? If the Clippers win the championship, as the franchise is handed the Larry O'Brien trophy, it signifies that consumerism has triumphed over morality. It makes it clear that we all just want to celebrate, even if the host we are celebrating with despises us.
Anita Wilson Takes Gospel to More Relevant Heights With New Album \Vintage Worship\ On June 24, 2014, music lovers around the world will hear a new sound of gospel that hasn't been experimented like this in years.
How To Raise Your Kids To Be Good Citizens 
Mothers Share Thoughts On How Being A Mom Has Changed Their Lives 
Resolution on Dalits Commendable But Outdated For many years, the complex social practice of caste in the Indian subcontinent (and to a lesser degree, the South Asian Diaspora) has been the subject of activism and reform efforts.
WARNING 
PHOTOS 
UGH 
'SNL' Writer Defends Controversial Slave Sketch 
Why You Should See From the Rough 
On the Need to Validate Young Black Men An African-American presidency does not make a post-racial society, but creates a racial backlash. Black men are the perennial defendants, guilty until proven innocent of no crimes in particular, and everything in general.
Denzel Snubbed For Tony Nod? 
Donald Sterling and the NBA's Black Mark Donald Sterling's alleged words about African Americans are poignant to a culture of denial. These comments seem to show a thought process that epitomizes the great American contradiction.
#BeyonceDoesntRepresentUs It's time that women of color and feminists alike begin to shift from trying to impose our beliefs and standards on an individual who obviously couldn't care less and begin to empower those who do seek to enact such change.
Sterling's Gold If our society complacently allows power brokers like Donald Sterling to go unpunished for their prejudice, it will be maddeningly difficult for America to progress towards a more just and equitable future.
LISTEN 
Donald Sterling's Long History of Racism Is anyone really surprised by the alleged recorded statements of Donald Sterling to his girlfriend? Hasn't it been well-documented that he has made racist comments such as these multiple times in the past?
Snoop Dogg Has A Blunt Message For Racist NBA Team Owner 
Diversity in Media There are many programs that offer great opportunities for diverse college students to succeed in media, and they have fostered meaningful learning experiences for young professionals for years now.
On the \A\ w/Souleo She's the self-proclaimed \drama queen\ with sass and vocal power to boot. But KeKe Wyatt, star of TV One's hit reality series, R&B Divas
The Untold Significance Of Easter Sunday 
Top 10 Best Ways We Should Start Measuring Black Success It's finally time that we have that long awaited talk about measuring black success. For far too long we have given many a pass when it comes to what they say and how they go about navigating what it means to achieve for the community.
Suspected Shooter Of 13-Year-Old Choirboy In Custody 
Anthony 'Treach' Criss Of Naughty By Nature Arrested In New Jersey Hey! Ho!...No! Anthony \Treach\ Criss of hip-hop group Naughty by Nature has reportedly been arrested in Union City, New
Five Books By Black Authors That Should Be Made Into Movies During the past award season, a familiar refrain was that 2013 was \u201cthe year of black film.\u201d Of course, those films have
Beyonce Wants You To Know She Decides For Herself In New Toyota Commercial In its 30 seconds, Bey goes from fetus to full-blown diva, delivering her usual inspiring mantra. \I had a choice
Hot Rap Songs Chart 25th Anniversary To honor the 25th anniversary of Billboard's Hot Rap Songs chart, we\u2019re counting down the tally's top 100 tracks ever. Read
Nick Cannon, NFL Stars Warren Moon And Jarvis Green Victimized In NBA Scam Prosecutors charged a Los Angeles man with nearly a dozen felonies in connection with an alleged scheme to fraudulently sell
Vogue Publishes Yet Another Blackface Fashion Feature, Are You Offended? (PHOTOS) There have also been the head-shaking instances where fashion notables have taken on the skin darkening themselves -- like
Jourdan Dunn Isn't Impressed With Being The Only Black Model & Neither Should Designers Here's a look at Jourdan's cover for Miss Vogue's March 2014 issue. Supermodel Jourdan Dunn agrees and said as much in an
Children Of Black Icons Carry On Legacies And Blaze Their Own Trails Kerry Ashby Gordy (born June 25, 1959) Bernice King (born March 28, 1963) Bernice is the youngest of the King children. She's
Man Arrested For DWI Tests Negative For Alcohol, Drugs According to the Statesman, police say it's possible Davis was impaired by a drug the test didn't screen for. According to
The Promise of Affordable Health Care for Floridians March 31 is just around the corner and Planned Parenthood staff and volunteers are working double time to ensure our patients and the communities we serve have information about new, more affordable health insurance plans available to them thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
Our Favorite Black Hollywood Stars Wow At The 2014 NAACP Image Awards (PHOTOS) The 2014 NAACP Image Awards is always a classy affair, not only for its celebration of the outstanding achievements of people
When Did You First Feel Your Race? The first time I had any inkling that my color was something that estranged me from others was when I was in primary school in London.
Bow Wow, Michael Vick Launch Hair Care Line Rapper and BET host Bow Wow has teamed up with former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick to launch a new hair care
Black Twitter Shows Off The #DangerousBlackKids America Should Fear Officer
PHOTOS Why can't we have movie classics with leading black women where they doesn't play slaves or a maids? Read more on www.upworthy.com
Michael Ealy Actor Michael Ealy has arrived as a Hollywood sex symbol. The 40-year-old actor currently stars on Fox\u2019s sci-fi cop drama
George Zimmerman's Controversial Celebrity Boxing Match Canceled George Zimmerman's controversial celebrity boxing match has been officially canceled. Feldman announced in a press release
An Old-Style Jazzman, And Voices Of Iran's Past The assumption of most nonclassical music journalism, if I understand it correctly, is that everything new has the possibility
HBCU Presidents Share Insight On Sustainable Leadership - Paul Quinn College President Michael Sorrell Historically black colleges and universities have been at the center of a
President Obama To Outline New Plan To Help Long-Term Unemployed By Roberta Rampton Benefits for 1.5 million Americans expired at the end of 2013. The Senate failed in mid-January to agree
King's Legacy of Peace for Our World On the national holiday today, The King Center is calling for a moratorium on violence. Specifically, we are asking that there be no shots fired -- no shooting off at the mouth with our tongue, no shooting off physically with our fists and no shooting off of any type of gun!
How The FBI Invaded Martin Luther King Jr.'s Privacy -- And Tried To Blackmail Him Into Suicide In an effort to prove he was under Communist influence, FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover spent significant resources monitoring
Portraying Martin Luther King, Jr. on Film When I was asked to play Dr. King in Prince Jack, I knew I could not refuse, but I also knew he was so familiar and iconic to people all over the world, I was not going to try to \be\ him, but do my best to \represent\ him and what he stood for.
College Photos Of Martin Luther King Jr. Show The Icon's Life As A Student And Teacher All photos courtesy of Rev. Ernest Brooks, Assistant Dean of the Martin Luther King Jr. International Chapel Morehouse College
Martin Luther King Jr. \I Have Been To The Mountaintop\ Speech (FULL TEXT) Martin Luther King Day is an important opportunity to reflect on the Civil Rights icon's powerful words that ultimately helped
As an Actor, Bringing the Spirit of Martin Luther King, Jr. to Life I was the only African-American boy in the 5th Grade. There was no other choice, it had to be me!
Garage Magazine Editor-In-Chief Dasha Zhukova Sits On A 'Black Woman' Chair In Shocking Editorial (UPDATE) ORIGINAL PHOTO
Honoring Dr. King by Ending Capital Punishment As capital punishment laws come under closer scrutiny, we can expect to see significant progress away from the practice. However, this will not simply happen with the passage of time. It will require a greater level of engagement from the millions of people who now understand that it is time for capital punishment to end.
Only Kerry Washington Can Wear A Crop Top While Pregnant And Look This Classy (PHOTOS) So you thought you had to be a supermodel to rock a crop top? Think again! Last night at the 2014 SAG Awards, Kerry Washington
Lupita Nyong'o Gets Gorgeous In Gucci For The 2014 SAG Awards (PHOTOS) Lupita. Lupita. LUPITA! Check out Lupita's lovely look below! Are you a fan? And here are ALL the looks from the red carpet
On the 'A' w/Souleo As the nation celebrates Martin Luther King Jr. Day on January 20, actor Brandon J. Dirden hopes that people will not only remember King as a powerful reverend and activist, but also as an astute politician.
The Gift of Amiri Baraka If you are lucky, or blessed, you will meet someone of such wisdom, courage, creativity and conviction that their influence, the very force of their spirit, will abide with you for the rest of your life. Amiri Baraka was that person for me, as he was for so many others.
Making Your Home Your Best Ecosystem To ensure that you are getting as much as possible from your new and improved green lifestyle, see if you can incorporate
A Reason to Watch Saturday Night Live Again Just a day after Saturday Night Live announced the addition of Sasheer Zamata to the cast, and still weeks prior to her scheduled debut, at least one Hollywood critic was already scribbling an asterisk by Sasheer's name.
Rickey Smiley Lends His Comedy Expertise For The 29th Annual Stellar Music Awards Hosted by comedy legend Rickey Smiley and \u201cThe View\u201d host, Sherri Shepherd, the star-studded event promises to deliver captivating
Toiling To Bring Rwanda Genocide Suspects To Justice REIMS, France \u2014 ABOVE his desk in a peaceful and tidy townhouse with pots of geraniums hanging from the windowsills and walls
Lupita Nyong'o Golden Globes Dress 2014, Actress Looks Ravishing In Red Ralph Lauren (PHOTOS) We're a bit surprised Lupita didn't go for a Miu Miu (or Prada) frock since the 30-year-old stunner is now one of the faces
In Defense of Being Mary Jane and Flawed Fictional Black Women When does the obsession with putting our best foot forward deter us from telling the good, the bad and the everything of life? If we spent all our time attempting to right the wrongs of history with each black female lead, heroines like Olivia Pope and Mary Jane wouldn't even be a thought.
The Shroud Over Rwanda's Nightmare Twenty years ago this Saturday, the commander of United Nations peacekeeping forces in Rwanda wrote a coded cable to his
Devouring the Forbidden Fruit Naomi Wolf's latest book, Vagina, is my new bible. And yes, this from a licensed spiritual practitioner and former devoted Christian.
Top 10 Scholarships For African American Students With Deadlines In January 2014 The new year is here, and it's time for students to get back to work. This year, more than $50 billion dollars will be given
African American Women Have A Harder Time Losing Weight Smith Barnes said some studies suggest behavioral changes - and not just weight loss - are what matter for improving health
10 Celebrities We'd Like To See On 2014 'Hottest' Lists (PHOTOS) Each year celebrities are recognized for their physical beauty and attributes and are featured on sexiest lists in various
The Best Style Moments Of 2013 2013 feels like it went by in a blink of an eye! And if you weren't paying attention you may have missed the year's most
A Filmmaker Asked Detroiters One Simple Question. Here Are Their Hopeful Answers. What Do You Want for Christmas, Detroit? (2013) from The Right Brothers on Vimeo. More than anything, they showed that at
13 Holiday-Themed Films To Watch This Week (VIDEOS) It's that time of the year again where food, folks and fun are in abundance. When we're not relishing in the music, morsels
Black Business Leaders Call For Boycott Of San Francisco Tourism Black business leaders in San Francisco are calling for a boycott of the city\u2019s hotel and tourism industry, claiming that
Grudge Match This is a charming and disarming geezer sports movie. Somewhat formulaic, but a lot of fun regardless. In fact, you may get so caught up in the moment you'll celebrate your gray and throw your Grecian Formula away.
Three 6 Mafia's Lord Infamous Dead At 40 Three 6 Mafia founding member Ricky \Lord Infamous\ Dunigan died on Friday night at the age of 40. Read more on Rolling Stone
21 Christmas Songs To Compliment Your Holiday Season Nothing gets us more in the holiday mood than our favorite yuletide tunes. From timeless classics such as Mariah Carey's
Sasha & Malia Obama Receive Dating Advice From Their Watchful Dad WASHINGTON, Dec 20 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama says he's not worried about his daughters starting to date. After all
Teacher Disciplined For 'Santa Is White' Remark A spokesman for Rio Rancho Public Schools said the Cleveland High School teacher knows he made a \dumb\ mistake and has since
Thoughts on Closing the Achievement Gap Despite claiming equality in education for all students, there is a marked difference between the achievements of white, middle-to-high class students and their peers of color and lower socioeconomic status. So what can we do to close the achievement gap in the U.S.?
Naomie Harris Is On A Serious Style Streak And More Of The Week's Best Fashion Moments (PHOTOS) We all know Naomie Harris is drop dead gorgeous. However, the \Mandela
Assault in Academia After I restated my position of withdrawing my name again, it happened. Something happened that I could not believe; something happened that shocked me and others who sat near me.
Artist Drapes Nearly-Naked White Women Over His Shoulders As 'Trophy Scarves' In Latest Work Check out photos of Hill's work on the \Trophy Scarves\ Instagram page, and read his full Vice interview here. According
Music Is The Missing Link In Detroit's Recovery As for Motown, it wasn\u2019t just the quality of the music that made Hitsville U.S.A. stand out so prominently, it was the jobs
Delbert Tibbs, Death Row Survivor, May You Rest In Peace During times of strife, conflict and violence, we turn to the Delbert Tibbses of our world to lead us down a path towards justice and righteousness.  They know that winning the war we are fighting will not come through guns or drones, but rather with the forcefulness of our ideas, and the strength of our convictions.
Shannon Harkins, The Face Of African American Ballet Dancers' Struggle The Washington Ballet rehearsal studio is warm and humid from bodies in motion. Overhead lights reflect the sheen on the
Jennifer Hudson Strikes A Pose And Opens Up With 'The Edit' When Jennifer Hudson accepted her Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in February 2007, it was an incredible moment for a number
Howard University's First Students Were White And Other Little Known Facts About HBCU's HBCUs were established in response to the increase in the number of escaped slaves, who were considered a contraband of war
Thanksgiving Playlist With Thanksgiving weekend officially upon us, it\u2019s time to unwind, and reflect with loved ones on the principles that you
Family Films To Watch During Thanksgiving Weekend (VIDEO) 'Tis the season for quality time with loved ones and friends. And while many may be busy catching up on their clogged DVR
9 Cool Customizable Holiday Gifts That Will Definitely Delight (PHOTOS) Who doesn't love a personalized present or something no one else has that is completely customized for you? No one -- which
Kanye And Kim Craving Attention For Thanksgiving? (CARTOON) So what could two people who seem to have everything in the world actually want on their Thanksgiving dinner table? Between
Beyond Outrage The success of any lasting movement formed from these protests will rely on us using our skills and investing time in helping to create systems to ensure the accountability of both migrant sending and receiving governments.
No Tears, Just a Selfie Selfies on their own are neither good nor bad; they do not only signify narcissism nor do they signal a need to be praised, nor are they innocent images of altruism.
KKK Member Walks Up To Black Musician In Bar, But It's Not A Joke, And What Happens Next Will Astound You Daryl Davis is no ordinary musician. He\u2019s played with President Clinton and tours the country playing \u201cburnin\u2019 boogie woogie
'Catching Fire' Becomes 2nd 'Hunger Games' Film With Racial Casting Controversy Nowadays, nothing quite brings out the most insufferable qualities in human nature like a fantasy movie with an ardent fan
Kentucky Fried Chicken Candles What's the next best thing to the aroma of fried chicken wafting from a hot iron skillet? Read more on USA Today
Aryan Brotherhood Put Bounty On Black Teens Accused Of Murdering WWII Vet, Judge Says \It was just an anonymous tip that police got that they determined to be unfounded,\ Phelps said, adding that if there were
Reminiscing With MC Sha-Rock When we played superheroes and the other girls wanted to be Wonder Woman or The Bionic Woman, I always wanted to be MC Sha-Rock or Pam Grier. Sha-Rock made me feel like I had a voice, and I could and would be heard.
JFK's Civil Rights Legacy If Kennedy had lived would he have fought hard for passage of the 1964 landmark civil rights bill, or been stonewalled by his party's racists, and forced to accept a watered down bill?
Solange Knowles Gets Matchy Matchy With Her Car & More Of The Week's Best Style Moments (PHOTOS) This week our favorite style star, Solange Knowles, wowed us (per usual) in colorful printed ensemble that screamed downtown
Renisha, Jonathon, Trayvon...The New Strange Fruit? As a young adult, I was Renisha McBride.  Traveling home from college late one evening, my car stalled.  With no cell phone, and still miles away from home, I made Renisha's choice.  I walked to the nearest home and knocked on the front door.
Exposing More Students to What We Know Works Properly applied, this method of teaching instills in students a passion for learning that in turn fosters hard work, resilience, character, grit and a respect for the teamwork so necessary for success in today's world.
The Gettysburg Address and the Mission Not Accomplished How could Abraham Lincoln really believe what he said in the first line of the Gettysburg Address? He said the United States had been conceived in liberty, knowing full well that the founding of the country sealed a million black people in slavery.
Jay Z Confirms Barneys Collaboration Is Still On, But With A Few Conditions Thus far, Barneys' CEO Mark Lee has met with Rev. Al Sharpton, Marc Morial the president of the National Urban League and
New Portrait Honors Clyde Kennard, Forgotten Civil Rights Pioneer After the terrorist attack on 9-11 and the nation's response, anger and grief overwhelmed artist Robert Shetterly.
Bryan K. Williams I had an opportunity to attend Dr. Williams' vibrant presentation on Five-Star service delivery at the International Spa Association's (ISPA) Conference and Expo in Las Vegas.
The Slaying of Renisha McBride Casts Another Ugly Glare on the Peril to Black Women In far too many cases where young black women have been victimized there were endless and predictable efforts to dig up any and every bit of damaging information about their history or lifestyle to in effect virtually blame them for their own unjustified killing.
Idris Elba Dishes On Obama, His Health And His Hottest Female Co-Stars Wow, that\u2019s a great question \u2026 Well, in terms of talent I\u2019ve worked with very great actors. Ruth Wilson, who plays with me
Evidence In Renisha McBride Case Will Show Shooting Was 'Justified,' Says Homeowner's Lawyer The case has received national attention, with many wondering how a young woman looking for help could end up dead, and why
This Day In History A high school diploma was not a requirement for admission until 1903. By 1871, the requirements for admission were
U.S. Agriculture Department Official Fights To Save Black-Owned Forests \I would hope that this could be replicated throughout the country,\ said Joe Leonard Jr., the assistant secretary of agriculture
Is SNL Ready for a Black Woman? If SNL isn't finding great black female talent, maybe it's because the characters we want to play don't fall in line with the caricatures they're used to seeing. Maybe it's SNL that isn't ready -- to be progressive, break tradition and have a writing team that isn't 95 percent white for once.
Lack Of Black Women On 'Saturday Night Live' Becomes Major Issue The show still is an important part of the culture, and misses something when there's a lack of diversity, she said. She
Jay Z and Barneys Jay Z deserves his success, but with that success comes an obligation. Jay Z is one of the few individuals who has the influence and power to send a clear message to corporate America that racial equality, not the dollar is the real Holy Grail.
The Inside Game This may not be the prevailing view in the Black community, but I don't think Jay Z should drop out of his upcoming holiday collaboration with Barney's. Now before you unleash a barrage of nasty criticism in the comment box, just hear me out.
Talented and Gifted Learning Beginning in early elementary grades, TAG programs separate student peers for the sake of individualized learning initiatives. Though the ideology is sound, the reality is often a monotone, unattractive look at contemporary American public schools.
An Open Letter to Jay-Z To be honest with you, I couldn't care less whether you keep Barneys' money. It won't change a reality of more than 700,000 people -- mostly Black and Latino -- stopped and frisked by the NYPD in a single year.
Rush Limbaugh Rush Limbaugh has raised eyebrows with comments he made about the NFL\u2019s recognition of Breast Cancer Month during a recent
'Unsung' Though it seems that VH1's storied documentary-style series Behind the Music has been put out to pasture for more raunchy
Michelle Williams Has Never Looked So Fab & More Of The Week's Best Style Moments (PHOTOS) Michelle Williams delivered some pretty fierce fashion moments during her Destiny's Child days, but since the group went
Technology and Mentorship As with all aspects of K-12 improvement, finding the answers to higher achievement for urban students is a complicated process
Howard University Needs A New President The \Best Colleges\ rankings from US News & World Report are usually an opportunity for many colleges and universities to
Fake Bow Wow Meets The Real Bow Wow, Tamar Serves Up A Sexy Treat And More Pop Culture Buzz This Week With the weekend officially upon us, it\u2019s time to unwind, reflect and check out all the dope stuff that caught our attention
A'zhari Lawrence, Formerly Conjoined Twin, Dies Six Months After Separation From Sister A'zhiah Doctors separated the girls in an unusual two-stage surgery. Their livers were separated about two weeks after they were
June Ambrose Stuns In A Skin-Tight Dress And More Of The Week's Best Style Moments (PHOTOS) June Ambrose was out turning heads on Wednesday at a screening of \The Counselor\ hosted by Emporio Armani, GQ and The Cinema
Lee Daniels Lines Up Gay Action Hero Movie To anyone familiar with the works of director Lee Daniels -- whose previous films include the Oscar-winning \Precious\ and
Urban League Chapter President T. Willard Fair Honored For 50 Years Of Service Civil Rights activist, T. Willard Fair, will be honored as an icon and a revolutionary, for the work he\u2019s done to advance
Prince Serves Up 'Breakfast,' Kanye Dominates And More Pop Culture Buzz This Week (VIDEOS) With the weekend officially upon us, it\u2019s time to unwind, reflect and check out all the dope stuff that caught our attention
The Double Edged Sword Of Inclusion & Black Buying Power What\u2019s wrong with expecting makeup companies to include black bloggers in their PR campaigns? Or Marvel Comics marketing
Can CodeBlack Change Hollywood's 'Cliched' Approach To Black Viewers? For 15 years, Jeff Clanagan sold comedy specials and faith-based movies to people watching at home. When the home-entertainment
Kerry Washington Gets Pretty In Polka Dots & More Of The Week's Best Style Moments (PHOTOS) Ciara rounds up our top looks of the week with the sexy getup she wore to the Givenchy show during Paris Fashion Week. The
Timbaland Calls Justin Timberlake's Single 'Song Of The Decade,' And More Pop Culture Buzz This Week (VIDEOS) With the weekend officially upon us, it\u2019s time to unwind, reflect and check out all the dope stuff that caught our attention
Let the Fire Burn Let the Fire Burn, the new documentary from director John Osder, recounts seven years of persecution by Philadelphia police of the MOVE organization, and the city-sanctioned bombing of their home and headquarters in 1985.
Naomi Campbell Rocks White After Labor Day & More Of The Week's Best Style Moments (PHOTOS) Wearing white after Labor Day is considered a fashion faux pas, but not when you look this good. Naomi Campbell stepped out
What Does a Change to the Greek System Mean for the Historic Black Sororities and Fraternities? The history, heritage and hope that is deeply embedded in black organizational and institutional life is lost when it is assumed that racial integration is a one-way street.
Never-Ending Story The \u201cconversation about race\u201d that public figures periodically claim to desire, the one that is always either about to happen
Waivers, Blueprints and Reform Each NCLB waiver is different. For example, the Colorado Department of Education was approved for a waiver of the 14-day
Obamacare Is a Triumph for African-Americans The verdict was in even before the first enrollee inked their signature October 1 on a health care plan under the Affordable Care Act. The law is an unmitigated triumph for the millions of uninsured in America.
Jimmy Kimmel Ignites Kanye Twitter Rant, DMX On 'Dr. Phil' And More Pop Culture Headlines This Week (VIDEO) With the weekend officially upon us, it\u2019s time to unwind and reflect back on the week that was. Check out five selections
Alexander Smalls, Harlem Chef, Restaurateur, Gives '30s-Era Jazz Club Minton's Playhouse New Life \I feel that oftentimes this expression is used for people of color who cook, and it's limiting when you have spent yourself
Paula Patton, Condola Rashad, Tonya Lewis Lee And More Paula Patton's outfit has love written all over it, so it's not wonder we adore the look so much. The \Baggage Claim\ actress
65th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards History may very well be made this Sunday at the 65th annual Primetime Emmy Awards taking place at Los Angeles\u2019 Nokia Theater
Washington Watch Granted...the Administration could be doing a better (and faster) job of rolling it out, however many people with pre-existing
Listen UP There was an undeniable power of Janelle Monae's debut LP The ArchAndroid, an artistry and execution that overpowered cynics
Pour Out A Lil' Liquor For The NFL's Diva Recievers Six years ago, the Bengals opened up their season at Paul Brown Stadium against the Ravens. It was also Monday Night Football
Remembering Troy Davis and Ending the Death Penalty Two years ago, the state of Georgia ignored the facts, doubts and pleas of hundreds of thousands of people and killed Troy Anthony Davis. Today, on the anniversary of his execution, we rededicate ourselves to ending the immoral, biased and ineffective practice of capital punishment.
Mary J. Blige Over 20 years ago, Mary Jane Blige stepped into the music business with distinction.  Armed with gritty soulful vocals, honey blonde hair, street edge swag and a new blending of R&B/Soul infused with hip hop, Mary created a new path in music history.
Kerry Washington, Chrissy Teigen, June Ambrose & More Let us know what do you think of those ladies' outfits in the comments section and flip through the slideshow below to see
A Digital Future Horizon #3
Colin Kaepernick And 'Post' Post-Race America You know what? I\u2019d like to propose a toast
Two Weeks Later For the last few weeks, many have commemorated the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington. However, one must ask, will the media and ordinary citizens be equally passionate about covering the anniversary of the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church bombing?
Vigilance And Victory \Slavery had everything to do with, first and foremost, a kind of social and political status that one had, or more precisely
ODB Returns, Kanye Disses Ray J, And More Pop Culture Headlines This Week (VIDEOS) With the weekend officially upon us, it\u2019s time to unwind and reflect back on the week that was. Check out five selections
Condoleezza Rice Recalls Birmingham Bombing That Killed Childhood Friend Rice's hometown had become a place too dangerous for black children to leave their own neighborhoods, or go downtown and
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Performs At Rebecca Minkoff Runway Show, The Best Fashion Week Surprise Ever (VIDEO) That's right, \The Electric Lady,\ dressed in her signature black-and-white uniform, provided the perfect live soundtrack
Jourdan Dunn Sounds Off On Racism In The Fashion Industry Earlier this week fashion activist Bethann Hardison (yes, that's on her Twitter bio) put out a call to action
Haile Thomas, 12-Year-Old Chef, 'Rachael vs. Guy What you're looking forward to cooking most this fall? \Tomato soup! Simply delicious.\ When I'm not cooking, I'd rather
Shellie Zimmerman, George Zimmerman's Wife, Seeks Life Insurance Policy The couple, who have been married since November 2007, separated a month after Zimmerman was acquitted in July of any crime
New York Fashion Week Street Style Dapper dude! The dress is a dream, but check out that hair. L-O-V-E! You've got our attention and we love what we see! Lucky
Nelson Mandela Discharged From Hospital \Madiba's condition remains critical and is at times unstable. Nevertheless, his team of doctors are convinced that he will
Washington Watch The GOP-led House, and many of their fellow Republicans in the Senate, have made a circus of Congress the past few years
Serena Williams U.S. Open Win Sets Up All-American Clash With Sloane Stephens Williams dismissed the notion that she would be playing for revenge against Stephens with a berth in the quarter-finals at
This Map Shows Which Ethnicities Have The Largest Ancestry In U.S. Cities America is supposed to be a melting pot, and this map based on census data shows the diversity of our cities. Read more on
Denver's Five Points Neighborhood 1. Five Points is one of Denver's oldest neighborhoods, and it used to be made up of primarily German, Irish and Jewish populations
March On Washington Black gay activist, Bayard Rustin was credited for organizing the expansive gathering in just two months. Later this year
Jennifer Hudson's Son Poses With Mommy In Princess Costume (PHOTO) What little boy wouldn't want to meet a real life princess? Especially if that princess is your mom. Academy Award winner
Kanye West Regrets Taylor Swift, MTV Video Music Awards Rant The last thing I would want to happen to my daughter is some crazy, drunk, black guy in a leather shirt to come up and cut
50 Years Later, Our March Goes On As we gather today, 50 years later, their march -- now our march -- goes on. And our focus has broadened to include the cause of women, of Latinos, of Asian Americans, of lesbians, of gays, of people with disabilities and of countless others across this country who still yearn for equality.
The Black Church's Civil Rights Movement Legacy Is Both A Blessing And A Curse, Pastors Say As a second-generation pastor, Moss is familiar with bridging generation gaps. He regularly co-preaches with his father and
1963-2013 The summer of 2013 on the U.S. racial map should remind us of the endurance and current significance of some of the metaphors from Martin Luther King Jr.'s famous \I Have a Dream\ speech as well as references in Bob Dylan's \Blowin' in the Wind.\
Rutha Mae Harris, Freedom Singer, Reflects On '63 March NPR takes a look at songs inspired by the civil rights movement
Lee Daniels' The Butler (The Root) -- I watched Lee Daniels' The Butler in a standing-room-only theater on Martha's Vineyard, with a thoroughly integrated
Obama Family Hit The Beach On Martha's Vineyard EDGARTOWN, Mass., Aug 17 (Reuters) - Winding down his vacation, President Barack Obama and his family hit the beach on Saturday
In A Small Illinois Town, A History Of Failed, Ignored Rape Investigations And Hundreds Of Untested Rape Kits Rosa Pickett was 17 when she was raped in her hometown of Robbins, Il. on September 3, 1977. She was walking to a party at
Raz B In Coma The 28-year-old R&B singer was hospitalized Thursday after he was hit in the face with a glass bottle during a nightclub
Martin Luther King Memorial Changes Made, Statue Ready For 50th Anniversary The full quote, taken from a 1968 sermon delivered two months before King was assassinated in Memphis, Tennessee, was
Ted Nugent \Trayvon Martin\u2019s vicious attack on George Zimmerman and Martin\u2019s tragic death have no doubt surely dragged Mr. Zimmerman
3 Non-Truths that Make People Hate Obama Since he first assumed the role of the Presidency in 2009, Barack Obama has had his fair share of dissenters. Some of the
Trayvon Martin's Parents Renew Appeal For Changes To 'Stand Your Ground' Laws \You cannot pick a fight and then kill the person and then claim 'stand your ground',\ said Crump, standing alongside Trayvon's
Spike Lee Gets Very Heated At Kickstarter Criticism (VIDEO) Filmmaker Spike Lee discusses kickstarting his latest film project with Trish Regan on Bloomberg Television's \Street Smart
Art For Life Gala 2013 Amazing, right? Head over to the Rush Philanthropic Arts Foundation website to learn more about the organization and how
Tim Allen 'N-Word' Rant Condemned By Michael Eric Dyson On 'Melissa Harris-Perry' \No! Grow up, allow us to determine what is in and out.\ For him, the criticism that keeps any nonblack comic from using
50 Years After The March On Washington, Is Black America Free? Being \u201cquick and nimble,\u201d pivoting off of moments that capture the national spotlight, and using that energy to address the
Why Zimmerman Juror B29 Believed in His Guilt But Still Voted to Acquit Zimmerman got several benefits in his trial from the jurors. One was that he was innocent. The other was that the prosecution did not prove its case. But the biggest benefit was that even when juror B29 thought he was guilty and should have been convicted she still voted to acquit.
Dream Deferred This article is part of a Huffington Post series examining the state of Black America. To read more, click here. Samantha
Obama Rams the Issue of Racial Profiling Back Onto the Nation's Table Obama didn't speak solely because he felt obliged to make a generic observation about the anger of most blacks toward the Zimmerman verdict, or even out of remembrance of the fight he led in the Illinois state legislature. He spoke from a well-documented personal experience.
Far From The Mountaintop He told me that he has pressed the president, whose campaign he oversaw in Maryland in 2008 and 2012, to speak out and do
What the Trayvon Martin Case Means for Middle Class Blacks I cried when I heard about the Zimmerman verdict because I knew that it would tear the country apart on racial lines. I also knew that as a middle class black person that I was going to be called upon for my perspective by my white colleagues, friends and family.
Not Everybody Liked Obama's Trayvon Speech Obama's speech hit all the right notes -- there is no question that he addressed the primary issues many people of color have been deeply concerned about on this topic -- and it almost felt good to hear him talk about the \pain\ and \experience\ of black America. It almost felt good -- but it didn't.
Post-Zimmerman I am proud to live in a country that has made as much racial progress as this one has in the past half-century. We still
Sunday Dialogue Discussing the social effects and science of classifying humans. Read more on The New York Times To the Editor
Vanessa Williams, Kerry Washington, Kelly Rowland & More On Friday Vanessa Williams stopped by the \Today Show\ to flaunt her age-defying figure and beauty. The 50-year-old actress
The Hookup Elites Read more on Slate This was the question that led me to rethink what was really happening on college campuses. The vast majority
George Zimmerman Considers Law School After Trayvon Martin Murder Acquittal, Close Friends Say Experience shows that re-building life after a major trial may prove difficult, even for those acquitted of headline-making
George Zimmerman Verdict In The jury of six women has concluded its deliberations and reached a verdict in the trial of George Zimmerman, the volunteer
Trayvon's Ultimate Issue Our laws must be updated to account for implicit bias, or the only true chance at redress many Asians/Blacks/LGBT/Hispanics will have will be after forfeiting their right to self-defense.
Attorney General Holder Has a Compelling Reason to Consider a Zimmerman Prosecution If the Justice Department gives serious consideration to the civil rights violations in the Martin case, it will again send the strong message that civil rights violations will always be subject to full and public scrutiny by federal prosecutors.
George Zimmerman Acquittal Check out a few tweets (below) describing how people are dealing with the acquittal, and how they're honoring Trayvon Martin
To My Unborn Sons I love you already more than you'll ever know, and you're not even here yet. At the same time, I'm terrified to bring you into this world. Today, as generations before me have done, I will continue to hold on to hope. I will continue to believe that we can and will survive this blatant assault to our identity.
A Desired Eulogy Disturbingly, in our nation, being a black boy and walking in a gated community is a capital offence. For these young black boys, and countless others, were tried, convicted, and put to death by a system that says the lives of young black boys do not matter.
The Fear of More George Zimmermans It's the fear that a teenager with his whole life ahead of him, doing nothing but being who he was, walking at night in the rain to be with his family that seared a hole in so many of our hearts.
Trayvon Martin Case Closes, 'Fruitvale Station' Opens All In One Racially-Charged Weekend \I hope that the film will inspire thought process in the people who watch it that can lead to discourse,\ Coogler told Gawker
4 Things to Do Now to Protect Our Sons This country's centuries long narrative linking black male bodies with inherent violence and criminality has stained our culture to its core and infected far too many of those who navigate within it.
A Poem in Memory of Trayvon Martin This poem wants to stand its ground, silence force with simple words, pray you alive, anyone's \nson -- tall boy, eye-smile, walk on home.
George Zimmerman Trial Reactions Roll In \We have done our best to assure due process to all involved, and we believe we brought out the truth on behalf of Trayvon
Dear Rich Lowry I don't think Trayvon Martin was some angelic youth, nor do I think he was perfect. What 17 year old boy is? I know from first hand experience teenage boys can be a loud, unruly bunch that gets into fights, make mistakes and do stupid things which hopefully they'll be able to live to regret.
Mark O'Mara Zimmerman was found not guilty on all counts after being charged with second-degree murder for the fatal shooting of Martin
Robert Zimmerman Jr This is not the first time Zimmerman Jr.'s words have caused controversy. In March, Zimmerman Jr. tweeted a picture that
George Zimmerman Not Guilty It turned out this wasn't Zimmerman's first run-in with the law. He had previously been accused of domestic violence by a
Trayvon Martin's Father Writes Heartbreaking Tweets Minutes After George Zimmerman Verdict A few minutes after George Zimmerman was found not guilty in the death of Trayvon Martin Saturday night, the dead teenager's
Zimmerman Verdict Poll George Zimmerman was cleared of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in the shooting of Trayvon Martin. Do you agree
On the Night of July 13 George Zimmerman, you are free, you are a killer but you are free; so many of us are not, and are still waiting be seen as human, let alone equal.
George Zimmerman Video Watch as the jury reads the verdict in the case against George Zimmerman in the video above. A jury of six women found George
Naomi Campbell, Ciara and June Ambrose Could Naomi Campbell look anymore statuesque? We didn't think it was possible, but she definitely did this past week while
State Attorney Angela Corey Fires IT Director Who Raised Concerns In Trayvon Martin Case State Attorney Angela Corey fired her office's information technology director Friday after he testified last month about
I Don't See Murder Here Contrary to what George Zimmerman's lead attorney asserts, \not guilty\ -- should that be the jury's verdict -- is not the same as \absolute innocence\ in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.
Essence Festival 2013 Empowerment Experience Actors Laz Alonzo, Nathan Owens and Redaric Williams, alongside Bravo TV's chef Roble Ali, joined moderator Michelle Williams
Washington Watch The ideals upon which our country began are to be remembered, celebrated, and always held in esteem as our battle cry. There
Jay-Z and the Misappropriation of Fatherhood In his highly anticipated 12th studio album, Magna Carta Holy Grail, Jay-Z rightly notes that fatherhood can be a joyful and frightful experience, especially for a rising generation of fathers whose fathers were largely absent.
Why So Many People Believe Blacks Are America's Racists The far more insidious thing than accusing blacks of being America's top bigots is that it makes it much easier to ignore or outright assail laws, statutes, policies and initiatives that were hard fought over to put on the books to protect rights and eliminate discrimination.
'Imagine A Future' Documentary Screened For 200 New Orleans Girls During Essence Festival \I liked the movie a lot. It was so cool to see a girl like me going through the same kind of stuff,\ Oliver told HuffPost
New Orleans Gun Vigil Brings Together Grieving Moms, City Mayor (PHOTOS) \This year is the first year that Jared would have been going to the concerts with me,\ Burks told The Huffington Post. Her
McDonald's 365Black Awards Honor Philanthropy, Culture \When the door of opportunity opens, know you are ready and have the tools to do a great job. I wouldn't trade my time at
Jill Scott Gold Grill We can't wait to see! Check out Jill's gilded smile in the photos below. What do you think of the look? Jill Scott hit the
Essence Festival 2013 Street Style Stars The Essence Festival isn't just about music (although there's plenty of it). The 4-day extravaganza in New Orleans boasts
There's Something About Billy Porter During his acceptance speech at this year\u2019s Tony Awards, Best Actor in a Musical winner Billy Porter shared a poignant story
From the Block to the Mountain Top During my early childhood years in Philadelphia, I was raised in a 20-person household, in a three-bedroom row home, with two floors and a basement. As I went through childhood, going through my parent's divorce, I was labeled as a problem child.
Thankfully, America Is Still Young As we mark the Fourth of July weekend, let's pause amid the frolicking to ponder the meaning of independence and freedom -- and consider what Frederick Douglass had to say when called upon to give a widely publicized and much-anticipated oration on July 5, 1852.
Gabrielle Union Shares Sun Safe Tips And Beauty Advice Can you pass on some beauty wisdom to the younger generation who may still need convincing that protecting their skin in
Washington Watch Read More In brighter news... with the decisions on DOMA and Prop 8, weddings are free to resume in those states which allow
Rachel Jeantel, Trayvon Martin's Friend, May Have Helped And Hurt George Zimmerman's Defense Many viewers criticized Jeantel for her at times dismissive, aggressive and seemingly hostile attitude. Elura Nanos, a former
BET Awards 2013 Red Carpet Photos The 2013 BET Awards are finally upon us! Woo hoo! So far the stars are out and shining bright. Janelle Mon\u00e1e, Ciara, Sanaa
Frederick Douglass Becomes First Black Candidate Placed In Nomination For President On This Day In History 2008 Outraged at the turmoil in Zimbabwe, the U.N. Security Council declared that a fair presidential vote was impossible
Paula Deen Scandal Continues As Employees Tell Rainbow/PUSH Coalition Of Alleged Discrimination Patillo said there are strong indications that Deen's operation mistreats and limits opportunities for black employees. Responses
Sanaa lathan, Shala Monroque & Solange Knowles The 2013 American Black Film Festival is wrapping up today and the who's who of black Hollywood was out in full force--including
Black Voices Breakthrough Theater ASHLEY SHANTE has a recurring role in the web series, \u201c12 Steps to Recovery,\u201d and has also has had appearances on \u201cAs the
Nelson Mandela Remains In 'Serious But Stable' Condition His hospitalisation is the fourth since December. (Reporting by Sherilee Lakmidas; Editing by Louise Ireland) Presidential
Nelson Mandela Hospitalized SOWETO, South Africa, June 9 (Reuters) - South Africans prayed for Nelson Mandela's recovery on Sunday as the 94-year-old
Trayvon Martin Murder Case \I honestly think this is a civil rights/equal justice issue because everybody in the world is watching to see if everybody
Trayvon Martin Is Still 'Our Son,' But What About Our Daughters? While Trayvon's murder sparked much discussion about racism in our country, it should also call attention to sexism, particularly as it intersects with racism to distinctively affect the lives of African-American women.
Washington Watch Americans of all political stripes are 'concerned' over allegations of domestic spying with the NSA collecting phone and
Tiffany Brooks, 'HGTV Star' Hopeful, Talks Design's Lack Of Color, Why It's Worth Stepping Out On Chance We are so talented and creative as African Americans. We were born with something inside of us; we have stories to tell; we
Black Americans Give Entertainment Options Failing Grades All this week on Code Switch and on air we've been digging into the findings of a survey of African-American views of their
Tika Sumpter, Sophie Okonedo & Naomie Harris We already crowned the Smith family (Will and company) the most stylish family in Hollywood and now we've got to applaud
The Top 10 Best-Dressed NBA Players Since the days of Walt \u201cClyde\u201d Frasier and Earl \u201cThe Pearl\u201d Monroe, basketball players have always heeded the call of the
Tuskegee Fly-In Honors Airmen, 'A Tremendous Example For Our Youth' During the Fly-In, visitors were allowed to occupy a variety of planes, as well as be taken up for stunt diving and to visit
Zimbabwe's Mugabe Says Nelson Mandela Too Soft On Whites, In Documentary Dali Tambo, the son of South African anti-apartheid hero Oliver Tambo, produced the documentary, which will be broadcast
Olivia Ferguson McQueen, Civil Rights Pioneer, Awarded Diploma 54 Years Late From there, McQueen spent her career as an educator outside of Virginia, county school officials said. She now lives in Washington
Kelly Rowland, Selita Ebanks & Joan Smalls Check out those beautiful ladies and the rest of the week's style stars--including Janet Jackson, Kerry Washington and Will
Kerry Washington, Iman, Solange Knowles And More Since Kerry Washington is so smokin' hot right now, it's only right for her to dress accordingly. So, we loved that the \Scandal
Obama Morehouse Speech President Barack Obama, in a soaring commencement address on work, sacrifice and opportunity, told graduates of Morehouse
Barack Obama's Morehouse Moment Barack Obama visited Morehouse College on Sunday to give a refrain on the responsibility of Morehouse Men and black America to find dignity and progress in self-reliance, a refrain that has simultaneously proven exciting and excruciating for African Americans over the last four years.
Watch MissInfoTV was live on the scene for Kanye West\u2019s \u201cNew Slaves\u201d video premiere in Brooklyn. Read more on MissInfo.tv
Natalie Cole Lashes Out At Candice-JHud song Choice After stellar performances all season, Candice Glover took home the title of American Idol during Thursday night\u2019s live taping
Best Mother's Day Gifts Ever Picking out the perfect gift for mom can by daunting. Do you go with the fancy perfume, beautiful bauble or plush throw? While
Black TV Moms Happy Mother's Day! Through life, our mothers have been there to love us, nurture us and sometimes offer a stern word when
Bill Clinton Howard University Commencement Speech Bill Clinton has been dubbed the country's first black president, so it was more than appropriate for the former commander
The Importance of Mothering on Your Day Off I haven't long been a mother, but what I learned about Mother's Day in the 29 years I spent being a daughter and granddaughter is that it isn't just a holiday meant for receiving honor. It's a unique opportunity to offer others much-needed care.
Charles Ramsey, 'Ratchet' Social Media and the Exploitation of Lower-Class Blacks The experiences of Charles Ramsey, Sweet Brown and Antoine Dodson are unique in a sense that the public is making fun of their sincere demeanor.
A Love Note to Black Mothers on Mother's Day This letter is for my mother. Our mothers. Grandmothers. Aunts. Sisters. And all of the other black women who continue to raise black and brown warriors in this battlefield we call America.
Wet Seal Slapped With $7.5 Million Fine After Racism Allegations Teen clothing brand Wet Seal has reached a $7.5 million settlement over allegations that it horrendously discriminated against
Mama's Day Cards \Roses are red, violets are blue, better luck next time finding a Mother's Day card that truly represents you.\ If you aren't
Slave Cemetery Highlights New Jersey's 'Ugly History With Slavery,' Ongoing Battle For Historians Buckingham said, the state's reputation should be tempered somewhat by his finding that the Bedminster slaves bought their
Lauryn Hill Breaks Out New Music, 'Neurotic Society (Compulsory Mix)' Lauryn Hill just released a new track called \Neurotic Society (Compulsory Mix)\u201d. Check out the newest track from her new
Lauryn Hill Tax Debt Paid Ahead Of Monday Sentencing, Attorney Says She had expected to raise the money from a new recording contract last fall but only paid $50,000 when she did not complete
Despite Being British Born And Raised, People Are Always Asking Me Where I'm From Despite being British born and raised, I'm regularly asked where I'm from. \Where are you from?\ \London.\ \No where are
Larenz Tate Honored During To The Nines Gala African American contribution, community service and advocacy celebrated during the Los Angeles Urban League Young Professionals
President Obama \We can't ever be competitive if we keep the current electricity prices,\ he added, saying he hoped to more than halve his
Kerry Washington, Vanessa Williams, Zoe Saldana & More Zoe Saldana was also spotted this week wearing black-and-white while celebrating the UK Premiere of \Star Trek Into Darkness
1 In 8 Black Men Are Currently In Prison In Wisconsin The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee last week released a deeply concerning study about incarceration in the state. Among
Dawn Tyson, Chef, 'Soul' Author, At Sunday Dinner (RECIPE) After college, she said she worked in a Baltimore Thai restaurant with a master chef. \I think working for him and getting
Sanaa Lathan's Instagram Feed Has Us So Excited For 'The Best Man' Sequel \It\u2019s going to be a movie to where I think people are going to experience the whole gamut of emotions,\ he said. \I think
Tyler Perry's 'Peeples' Cast Is A Genius Combination Of Talent What do you get when you combine the amazing talent of Craig Robinson, David Alan Grier and Kerry Washington? One incredibly
Tracy Morgan Backs Himself For VP There's no question who Tracy Morgan endorses -- himself. When POLITICO asked the comedian and 30 Rock star on Friday whether
'Trombone Shorty' Carries On New Orleans Jazz Tradition Davis, in his 44th year of producing the festival, said he continues to be impressed by the depth of the local talent pool
June Ambrose, Rachel Roy, Kelly Rowland & More Speaking of sexy, did you see Kelly Rowland's eye-catching ensemble at the 28th Annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction
Jurnee Smollett, Holly Robinson Peete, Halle Berry & More Jurnee Smollett was on hand for Coach\u2019s 3rd Annual Evening Of Cocktails And Shopping To Benefit The Children\u2019s Defense Fund
Church Health Programs Needed, But Not At The Pulpit, African-American Survey Shows \u201cEven though people only go one day a week, it determines how they live their lives the other six days ... In these church
Author Cox, 81-Year-Old Man, Cuffed For Running Narcotics Sales Operation Author Cox (pictured center) was cuffed by the cops Tuesday after they identified him as one of the \u201cprimary dealers\u201d in
NeNe Leakes Lucrative New $1 Million Contract Makes Her Highest Paid Housewife! Reality pays, especially for NeNe Leakes! The Real Housewives of Atlanta star has inked her contract for season 6 of the
The Trail Blazed By Jackie Robinson The upcoming movie \42\ focuses on Robinson's remarkable rookie season, and his courage in the face of hostility and racism
Porsha Stewart Divorce Takes Ugly Turn With Kordell Stewart's Latest Allegations Who's side are you on? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. Shots were originally fired when the Bravo star
Tyler Perry, Stop Vilifying Black Success As a man who grew up in an urban environment that is now attending college at a fine Ivy League institution, I would like to let you know that I am not aspiring to become the controlling, manipulative and reckless psychopath that you continue to depict such men of color in your films.
Male African-American Unemployment Is Over 50 Percent Among Dropouts The online data shows the unemployment rates for 270 subgroups of Americans. More than half of male African-American high
Easter Sunday Style From The Archives Of EBONY (PHOTOS) Happy Easter Sunday! Aside from gathering with family and friends--and binging on bunny shaped chocolate, we love this holiday
Kerry Washington, Brandy, Solange Knowles & More Kerry Washington stepped out looking lovelier then ever in Los Angeles at the 2013 Human Rights Campaign event. The \Scandal
Time for Your Check-up! A visit to the doctor's office can be overwhelming for many of us. There is so much to remember for an appointment slot that may only last for 15 minutes. But it doesn't have to be stressful.
Sanaa Lathan, Solange Knowles, Teyonah Parris And More As sure as the sky is blue, we can always count on Solange Knowles rocking a killer printed suit. And she did just that during
Brandy On Kelly Rowland Learning To Love Her Brown Skin Recently Brandy spoke to EURweb associate Cherise (CNikky) Nicole during an event to launch the premiere of season 6 of BET's
Kimani Gray Funeral Highlights Human Cost of Stop and Frisk No one had to. At the church\u2019s altar, Kimani Gray, a 16-year-old known by the nickname \Kiki\ whose favorite subject in school
The Curious Case of Beyonce Knowles If anything needs to \bow down\ right now, it's King Bey's ego.
WASHINGTON WASHINGTON -- Rep. Marcia Fudge didn\u2019t sugarcoat her feelings about the fact that President Barack Obama has not yet chosen
Evelyn Lozada Warns Chad Johnson ... Stop Harassing Me NOW! Evelyn Lozada fired off a cease and desist letter to ex-hubby Chad Johnson ... warning him to stop harassing her online ... OR
Rap Music, Gun Violence During an interview for CBS News' \Sunday Morning,\ rapper 50 Cent spoke out about the comparison between the music genre
After Kimani Gray Shooting, Brooklyn Community Reels, Raises Questions About Race And Crime The NYPD did not respond to a Huffington Post request for information, but told The New York Times that plain clothes police
'The Call' March 17 (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co's \Oz the Great and Powerful\ worked more box office magic in its second weekend, following
Don King On Mike Tyson Mike is Mike, man\u2026those are words of love. Do you understand in the black vernacular that bad is good? The man was telling
South's Cold Cases, Reopened But Still Unresolved FERRIDAY, La. \u2014 In the spring of 1965, the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington received a letter from Concordia
Halle Berry's 10 Biggest Movie Fails Oscar winner Halle Berry hits theaters again this weekend with the surprisingly well-reviewed thriller The Call. Read more
Dwayne Wade's Ex Talks Custody Battle on \u2018Dr. Phil' Dwyane Wade\u2019s ex-wife Siovaughn Funches didn\u2019t really get her moment to share her side of the divorce story. In a recent
Bilal 'A Love Surreal' This was the fastest album that I\u2019ve ever recorded. Like five months, maybe. A lot of it was preparation, though. I prepped
Marco McMillian Funeral \Being number 50, the bottom of the list in almost everything in Mississippi, I think there are just so many other things
Race Indeed Does Matter in the Classroom There needs to be more of a balance with respect to the racial composition of teachers in urban schools -- we cannot just hire black teachers for history and Latino teachers to teach Spanish. We need teachers of color in the mathematics, science and English content areas as well.
Mariah Carey, Ciara, NeNe Leakes And More Check out those lovely ladies and the rest of the style stars including--Rihanna, Miss USA Nana Meriwether and Melanie Fiona
Cookie Johnson Proves How Normal Life With HIV Is, Aims To Get 'Noise' Going Again About The Disease For us, it was super hard. That was back in the day, in 1991, when people were dying at alarming rates. That was when people
'Whose Line Is It Anyway?' Being Revived by The CW Whose Line Is It Anyway? is coming back to television.
Prince Rocks Out With 'Screwdriver' On 'Fallon' (VIDEO) Prince made an all-too-rare television appearance last night, taking the stage on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon with his all
Dissecting the Long, Deep Roots of Racial Profiling in America At its core, racial profiling is about racism and stereotypes and assuming the worst of people based on a biased perception of reality that is then projected and multiplied, affecting and endangering everyone of that same race, ethnicity, nationality or religion.
Zoe Saldana, Danai Gurira, Solange Knowles And More Zoe Saldana looked stunning in stripes for the 2013 Film Independent Spirit Awards. The actress, who is currently working
Fashion Veteran Bethann Hardison On Num\u00e9ro \African Queen\ Blackface Controversy Fashion legend Bethann Hardison saw it as a call to action when she learned of the controversy swirling around Num\u00e9ro magazine's
Kerry Washington Wears Matchy-Matchy Floral Ensemble At 2013 Independent Spirit Awards If this is a taste of what we can expect from the stunning actress at the Oscars tonight, then we're in for a treat! Kerry
Hattie McDaniel As part of our Black History Month coverage, we will be featuring one photo a day that honors years of groundbreaking achievements
Civil Rights Sit-Ins Helped Desegregate Restaurants Nationwide Today's photo was taken in 1958, showing a white police officer reprimanding black students during a sit-in at Brown's Basement
Quvenzhan\u00e9 Wallis Oscar Dress 2013 Cute, cute, CUTE! It's the pint-sized star's night to shine. But whether she takes home the Oscar or not, this little lady
Tracee Ellis Ross, Corinne Bailey Rae And Kelly Rowland We know you can't wait for tonight's ultimate fashion show--The Oscars-- but in the meantime check out these great style
Fans Allegedly Dress Like KKK Members At High School Hockey Game In North Dakota (PHOTO) However, Lou Babiarz, sports editor at the Bismarck Tribune, tweeted on Saturday afternoon that Rerick had contacted him
It's About Time We 'Wake Up' and Listen to Black Youth We forget that black youth have important ideas to offer during critical discussions about issues directly affecting their lives. Black youth voices are routinely rendered invisible. It's a dilemma that the documentary Woke Up Black addresses head-on.
2013 Academy Awards From film scoring to production, direction and acting, African Americans have touched many facets of the film genre. As we
If President Obama Addressed Black America, Would He Cite A \u2018Travesty'? \u201cI\u2019m not the president of black America.\u201d President Obama in a 2012 interview with Black Enterprise magazine But, what if
Marcus Garvey A picture is certainly worth a thousand words. What better way to celebrate Black History Month than by taking a moment to
'Black Presidents' Barack Obama is widely known as the United States' first black president. But is he really the country's first African-American
Toni Morrison Birthday Check out the quotes in the slideshow, and let us know your favorite in the comments section below. As the first African
Meek Mill On Rick Ross Drive-By Shooting I'm from the hood, I'm from Philadelphia, where people get killed every day so this ain't nothing new to me. Seeing one of
Montgomery Bus Boycott Today's photo was taken on December 5, 1955, the first day of the Montgomery Bus Boycott. The movement, an immediate reaction
Vanessa Williams Ancestry Traced Through Mail-Order DNA Test \I knew more about my father\u2019s side because we opened the show visiting my family cemetery in Oyster Bay, New York,\ Williams
Street Style College Edition While all eyes were on New York Fashion Week and, most recently, Riri's runway debut in London, Robert Wainblat, the man
Tonya Battle, African American Nurse, Sues Michigan Hospital For Race Discrimination (VIDEO) Battle, who was taken off the case, was allegedly later told by a supervisor that the patient's request was granted. The
Michael Jackson Hollywood Walk Of Fame Star Presentation A picture is certainly worth a thousand words. What better way to celebrate Black History Month than by taking a moment to
Snoop Dogg Sippin' On Gin And $546k Tax Lien It's kinda hard bein' Snoop D-O-double-G ... especially when the IRS claims you owe more than $546k in back taxes. Read more
New York Fashion Week New York Fashion Week is officially over, so now we're setting our sights on what London Fashion Week has to offer. But before
Jordan Davis Day \u201cThis is not about money, it will never be about money,\u201d said John Phillips, an attorney representing Jordan's parents and
Jupiter Hammon, First African-American Writer, Poem Discovered By Student Hammon, who was born a slave in 1711 and owned by multiple generations of a family in Long Island, New York, is known for
Ernest Dickerson When it comes to filmmaker Ernest Dickerson \u2014 who in his directorial debut brought us the iconic urban drama Juice, having
Muhammad Ali vs. Sonny Liston As part of our Black History Month coverage, we will be featuring one photo a day that honors years of groundbreaking achievements
Betty Shabazz At Malcolm X's Funeral As part of our Black History Month coverage, we will be featuring one photo a day that honors years of groundbreaking achievements
Beyonce, Vanessa Williams, Alicia Keys And More A combination of Beyonce, Alicia Keys, Vanessa Williams and the NAACP Image Awards made for a super stylish week! Last but
Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X Although the two iconic social activists differed greatly in their views of nonviolence and resistance, they have both become
Syrena Johnson, Rising New Orleans Chef, Serves Up Super Bowl-Meets-Mardi Gras-Worthy Crawfish Etouffee (RECIPE) It's been a smooth journey, much to Johnson's surprise, since she decided the kitchen is where she wants to be. \I didn\u2019t
Black History Month Photo Of The Day (PHOTO) A picture is certainly worth a thousand words. And what better way to celebrate Black History Month than by taking a moment
Cissy Houston, Oprah Discuss Whitney Houston's Death Oprah has scored a host of big interviews. Along with her epic interviews with the Kardashian family and infamous bad girl
Angela Davis Celebrates Sixty-Ninth Birthday After a nationwide manhunt, Davis was arrested on October 13, 1970 for her alleged connection to the kidnappings and murders
Jennifer Lopez, Alesha Dixon, Kerry Washington & More While there's no denying First Lady Michelle Obama and the First Daughters, Malia and Sasha, stole the sartorial spotlight
Puzzling Leadership Gap as New York NAACP Joins Soda Industry to Fight Ban While actors in both the government and nonprofits claim to be working for the public interest and should be defending it at all costs, they are ignoring that common ground. Why aren't the leaders of these public service organizations engaging in a conversation around what constitutes their shared vision?
President Obama Inauguration 2.0 Help us celebrate today's inauguration with a look back on some of your favorite memories from 2009. Were you there? Did
MLK's Friend Says 'Get Busy!' (On Your Dreams, That Is) The question is
Obama's Inaugural Speech Salutes King, But Highlights Differences Near the end of his life, King, an avowed pacifist, took the unpopular stance of opposing the Vietnam War. He called for
Malia And Sasha Obama's Inauguration 2013 Outfits It's J. Crew and Kate Spade for the First Daughters.
MLK Day 2013 While we're glued to the Inauguration Day coverage we also want to make sure to honor and celebrate MLK Day 2013. The clothes
MLK Day 2013 \Style, after all, plays the role of silent orator in most every form of protest. And as civil-rights advocates fought for
King Is a Big Reason for President Obama An accurate, but often overlooked read of King's legacy was not just his monumental fight against racial segregation. King was also a masterful political analyst and strategist.
Why I Won't Listen to Beyonce You would have to be living in a bubble to have missed the news that Beyonce cut a reported $50 million deal with PepsiCo. Although the deal may meet Beyonce's and Pepsi's mutually-beneficial marketing needs, it does not serve the best interests of the U.S. public.
Talking About Martin Luther King Jr. and Race With My Biracial 5-Year-Old I'm not ashamed of our history. Quite the opposite, in fact. But there's something about telling your child that he was viewed/could be still viewed as a second-class citizen. I never want him to feel \less than,\ but I also want him to know of his rich history
10 Things You May Not Have Known About Martin Luther King Jr. Today is a historic day! As we celebrate the second-term of the country's first black president, we simultaneously remember
The Necessity of Racial Socialization Given the historical tenacity of injustice, it is vital that white adoptive parents help their children develop a positive racial identity and a strong set of coping skills. White adoptive parents of black children have a vested interest in understanding racial mistreatment.
U.S. Post Office Job Cuts Threaten Black Middle Class While some other sectors of the economy are seeing recovery, the biggest problems may be just beginning for the Post Office
Malia And Sasha Obama Step Out In Style For Kids' Inaugural Concert (PHOTOS) So we meet again, Michelle Obama's bangs.
Malia, Sasha And FLOTUS Look Stunning At President's Swearing-In Ceremony (PHOTOS) Malia, 14, followed suit and repeated the blue dress she wore at the 2012 DNC convention. Being the savvy style star that
Ebony Magazine Covers Happy Birthday John H. Johnson! Today would have marked the businessman and publisher's 94th birthday. As a founder of Johnson
Danny Glover Says Second Amendment Prevented Slave Revolts, Conservative Students Petition \u201cI don\u2019t know if you know the genesis of the right to bear arms,\u201d Glover said. \u201cThe Second Amendment comes from the right
The Economic Lessons of Martin Luther King Since Dr. King's time, the Black unemployment rate has remained twice that of whitesand racial wealth inequality has ballooned out of control. To truly honor Dr. King, we must remember that he died on the battlefield fighting for an agenda, which to this day remains unrealized.
BET Honors 2013 Red Carpet Alica Keys was also on hand to fete the accomplishments of the night's award recipients with a rousing performance. The 31
Famous Members Of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. Happy Founders Day to the women of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.! Members of the historically black organization have
The Social Disunity of Collegiate Black Men This is what I suggest to the black men of the Ivy League. Find yourself. Be yourself; let your inner-character be what stands out beyond these letters, symbols and titles. Be the John Doe that is very smart and funny, rather than the John Doe that is the Kappa.
Michael Strahan Named Finalists For Pro Football Hall Of Fame And Other HBCU Highlights This Week Kickbacks, refunds and Hall of Fame nods are the highlights of HBCU culture in the early stages of 2013. Check out which
Octavia Spencer, Jada Pinkett Smith And Solange Knowles It's no surprise that Octavia Spencer opted for a dazzling navy Tadashi Shoji dress at the 2013 Critics' Choice Movie Awards
How to Prevent Another Newtown Massacre Newtown, Tucson, Blacksburg and other communities where gun violence has claimed innocent lives have recently advanced the national discussion on how to curb gun violence, but black colleges have long been the unseen advocacy institutions working to end the same blight.
'Django Unchained' Quentin Tarantino thinks he can say the N-word. But I checked with all of Ni**adom and nobody knows where he got his pass
It's Absurd to Associate Django Unchained With Black Culture Quentin Tarantino's film, Django Unchained has as much to do with the history and culture of American descendants of African slaves as Dumbo has to do with the plight of Weimar Jewry.
John Liu Urges Central Park Five Settlement, Becoming First New York City Elected Official To Do So The city's chief lawyer questioned why someone who has responsibility for New York's financial health would recommend settling
College Diversity Study Finds Racial Segregation Persists In Higher Ed But Hinrichs disagrees, having found that affirmative action bans actually seemed to spur desegregation in certain states
Homeboy Sandman Opens Up On Origins, Childhood Influences (VIDEO) Check out more of Homeboy Sandman\u2019s inspirational story in the clip above. While blasting hit songs from the likes of DJ
Nene Leakes, Kerry Washington And Essence Atkins 2013 is starting off on a fashionable foot! Last by not least, we have a newcomer on our fashion radar. Actress Essence Atkins
America's Understanding of Emancipation Proclamation On Its 150th Anniversary Too Simple For Country's Own Good The collective value of the nation\u2019s 4 million slaves sat between $3 and $4 billion in 1860, more than all the nation\u2019s factories
Legacy Of Love When I first started gathering together these amazing people to help with this project, I struggled with what would become my own letter.
Emancipation Proclamation Anniversary The proclamation, which Lincoln issued on Jan. 1, 1863, in the middle of the Civil War, formally declared free millions of
A Letter To My Ancestor I write this letter with a sense of joy and a degree of cynicism within my spirit. You are the only ancestor of my family who is documented as being bought for three hundred dollars in the state of Virginia.
A Letter to Frederick Douglass on the Occasion of the 150th Anniversary Of The Emancipation Proclamation Today, 120 years after you offered testimony about black progress and an acute prognosis of America's condition, I wonder
A Letter Of Solidarity I exist in the world today because you prevailed. I remember hearing and reading the rich stories of triumph, but now I wonder what selfless leaders like Harriet Tubman, or visionaries like Frederick Douglass, might think if they were to look down upon America the beautiful, today.
Re-education of the Negro Though discrimination is rampant, the blueprint you all left behind has raised generations of Black people for whom forced genuflection at the altars of classism and racism will never be an option. But it has not been an easy road.
My Ancestors' Talking-book With the use of the Bible my ancestors also expanded not only the understanding of what it meant to be human, but also the parameters of what it meant to be a Christian; thus giving us a biblical language that could be heard. And my ancestors understood the power of that language.
With Deepest Regret Our people have risen from chains and cotton fields to the pinnacles of industry, as well as to seats of power all over the world. Yet, despite such laudable achievements, the present struggles of many of our people remain great.
A Letter to My Ancestor It has required tremendous sacrifice, but today our people have reached the pinnacle in all facets of American society. There is no level of achievement off limits or out of reach for African-Americans in this great country we call home.
The Wind at Our Backs Along the way, there have been many challenges, but you have been the wind at our backs.  You have been the constant reminder that ours is a necessary fight for freedom and a future without prejudice. And your memory continues to strengthen our pursuit of an even brighter tomorrow.
Looking Forward to the Past Never having known someone who it wouldn't attempt to destroy, evil is colorblind. I fear that we suffer from historical post-traumatic stress disorder, which has led to disturbing rates of illiteracy, violence, crime and incarceration, financial devastation, out-of-wedlock births, and divorce.
To Our Ancestors The truth is, things are not perfect for black folks today, but we have so much potential. I believe in our people so much.  I believe in our call to greatness.
To Our Ancestors With Gratitude I believe there is so much we can learn from you -- mainly the evils of complacency. What will future generations say about us at the 300th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation if we are complacent with just having an African American in the White House?
Unshackled Together We can even flash forward to another famous speech when it was declared that 'all men are created equal' and ask ourselves
A Letter to Our Ancestors Even today, after gaining the franchise and electing an African-American president, we must take care to protect these hard-won rights from slipping away as some in this new generation would divert us from the path toward a more just society.
Hope (and Change) That the Present Has Brought Us Dead are the days when Blacks had no voice. Race is no longer a defining limitation in how we choose to love, marry or serve our country. We are the future we've been waiting. But as you may have wisely anticipated, the struggle for equality continues.
Watch Night Turns 150 Throughout the African diaspora, ringing in the new year involves remembering our ancestors. In the Bahamas, a Carnival-like
Web Series The Couple Proves Black Relationships Still A Necessity On Television Fans made their support of The Couple's modernized, old-fashioned love deafeningly clear in October when they funded the web series' Kickstarter campaign, contributing $32,665 to the project and exceeding the original $25,000 goal. The money raised will go toward turning the series into a film.
Worst Style Moments Of 2012 There were plenty of stars that wowed us with their fashion choices this year. But it isn't easy delivering showstopping
'Django Unchained' Characters On this week's episode of Huff Post\u2019s BlackVoices weekly entertainment series BV 365, Teri Johnson talked to Kerry Washington
Malia And Sasha Obama 2012 Lookbook We can't believe it's been a little over four years since Malia and Sasha Obama stole our hearts. The once little girls are
A Letter To My Enslaved Ancestors On The 150th Anniversary Of The Emancipation Proclamation I don't know your names or from where you were stolen. I don't know how many of you freed yourselves or died in bondage. Yet I claim you all and I honor you.
Financial Lessons of the Holidays The holidays give us a moment to strengthen our bonds with family and show our thanks for all the blessings we normally take for granted. In the face of continued financial hardship, it's also a reminder to make the most of what we have.
Time for Obama and Holder to Truly End Racial Profiling by Law Enforcement It is long past time for Obama and Holder to end this humiliating, ineffective, and unlawful practice. The Justice Department guidance regarding the use of race should be amended in the following ways.
Kendrick Lamar Lands On GQ's \25 Most Stylish Men Of The Year\ List No one\u2019s killing his vibe anytime soon. Hip hop rookie with the Midas touch Kendrick Lamar rounds out his stellar breakout
Couple Of The Year Countdown As part of HuffPost BlackVoices weekly series counting down the top eight power couples of the year, we present \u201cBV Power
Joan Smalls Covers Vogue Brasil 'Black Issue' January 2013 (PHOTO) Joan Smalls is on a roll! The Puerto Rican beauty has just landed another Vogue issue. Joan is already ringing in the New
Blair Underwood Designs Clothing Line For K&G At first, the idea of Blair Underwood having a clothing collection took us off guard. The actor who's had a successful 27
Serena Williams Impression Williams admitted that she hadn't seen the viral video of Wozniacki, but said she didn't understand why others felt that
Nelini Stamp, Community Organizer, Discusses Her Path To Her Destiny Black Voices takes a look at the hottest influencers and tastemakers today and goes behind the scenes to provide a personal
'Central Park Five' Documentary On New York Justice System Breakdown Pulls Filmmaker Into Legal Battle Police push hard for confessions because when cases reach juries, confessions often trump DNA evidence, eyewitness testimony
Holiday Gift Guide If you're anything like us, you'll be shopping for holiday gifts up until the last minute. Finding the perfect gift can be
Black Jews What do Drake, Sammy Davis Jr. and Adam Sandler have in common? These three men share more than just fame and good looks
Couple Of The Year Countdown As part of HuffPost BlackVoices weekly series counting down the top eight power couples of the year, we present \u201cBV Power
NCAA Commits More Than $3 Million To HBCU Athletic Programs, And More HBCU Highlights This Week A leadership crisis continues in Baltimore, a star head coach stays put, and the NCAA steps in to help black college athletes
An Open Letter to Rob Parker For reasons only you could articulate, you called into question the blackness of Robert Griffin III. You went so far as to essentially grade his blackness. Have you ever publicly or privately questioned whether a white person was white enough?
Couple Of The Year Countdown As part of HuffPost BlackVoices weekly series counting down the top eight power couples of the year, we present \u201cBV Power
Jordan Davis, Trayvon Martin and the 'Threatening' Black Male We must address the elephant in the room. Black males have a history in the U.S. of being labeled threatening and suspicious even when they have broken no laws. The legal assumption of innocent until proven guilty rarely applies.
Couple Of The Year Countdown As part of HuffPost BlackVoices weekly series counting down the top eight power couples of the year, we present \u201cBV Power
Jordan Davis Shooting Result Of Florida's Gun Laws, Opponents Say \u201cJordan Davis\u2019 tragic death is the classic example of the problem with concealed carry,\u201d said Rand. \u201cWe have looked at enough
Karmin Teams Up With Coach And Rachel Zoe For Groovy 'Sleigh Ride' Music Video The renowned leather goods and fashion company tapped the two crooners for the infectious song that has a decidedly hip-hop
Engaging Churches to 'Get to Zero' The church is the cornerstone of black community, and as communities of faith increases their HIV/AIDS knowledge base and engage the process to end AIDS, so shall we see a significant decline in transmission rates for black people.
Sabrina Heard, HIV-Positive Community Health Worker, Reveals What HIV Looks Like Sabrina Heard, a community health worker with the Women\u2019s Collective in D.C. and an advocate for the D.C. Female Condom program
Now We Have a Fighting Chance Against HIV With new investments in the health of our communities and the advent of technology that can educate and communicate with more people than ever before, we have the tools to end the HIV epidemic and in particular curb the toll it takes on the African-American community.
NFL Style Series We've showed you how to show off your style during football season (here and here) and now it's time to get the party started
Couple Of The Year Countdown As part of HuffPost BlackVoices weekly series counting down the top eight power couples of the year, we present \u201cBV Power
Small Business Saturday Gives Black-Owned Stores A Boost, But Retail Still A Hard Sell \Black business owners have to do what any other business owner has to do in order to succeed,\ Anderson told HuffPost Black
36 Black-Owned Etsy Stores For Black Friday Black Friday is here and we're all looking for great gifts for our loved ones. If you're also looking to spend some of your
Thanksgiving Leftovers If you simply can't part with your beloved cornbread stuffing or that turkey you brined for days, Moore says there are a
Army Lessons Learned and the Vote My vote is not a Christmas gift, some toy or clothing item that I'm allowed to play with or wear from time to time. It is learned, informed and dedicated to the self-evident truth that fair and equal citizenship for American men and women is inherent in the American dream.
'The Cosby Show' Thanksgiving Episodes Thanksgiving is a special time where we can gather together with our loved ones, share a good meal and give thanks. As we
NFL Style Series Football is no longer just for the guys, and the NFL is encouraging its female fans to show their love of the game with their
Nate \u2018Danja' Hills Launches First Annual 'N.A.R.S. Holiday Give Back' Event (VIDEO) WATCH
Vegan Recipes For Thanksgiving | Loop21 Giving up meat? Here are some alternatives and options. Congratulations! You've finally achieved that vegan lifestyle you've
Couple Of The Year Countdown As part of HuffPost BlackVoices weekly series counting down the top eight power couples of the year, we present \u201cBV Power
Holiday Gift Guide 2012 The streets of New York are nice, or perhaps the snowy hills of Telluride, but as the classic holiday song goes, there's
Alicia Keys Responds To Premarital Rumors [They] were apart for some time before we ever got together\u2026that doesn't matter to those who take pleasure in trying to knock
The Week's Best Style Moments Allyson Felix may have accepted her honor as one of Glamour's Women of The Year this week, but she has also earned a spot
NFL Style Series We all love to watch our favorite football players adorned in their colorful jerseys compete for the big win, but when they're
Bowie State Murder Trial Verdict Announced, And More HBCU News This Week A national award for diversity, a new president for one of the nation\u2019s most prestigious colleges, and a not guilty verdict
Holidays 2012 Our holiday content will not only help you prepare for the busiest time of year, but also remind you what's most important during this season.
T-Boz Questions Nicki Minaj's 'American Idol' Credibility I don\u2019t respect half [of] the people I\u2019ve seen lately. How the hell is she gon\u2019 tell me what I should be doing when her azz
Holiday Gift Guide We can't believe it's already time for the holidays! Thanksgiving is right around the corner and you know what that means
Couple Of The Year Countdown (T) Occupation
The Week's Best Style Moments Beyonce took a page out of her sister's style book this week while attending a Brooklyn Nets basketball game with hubby Jay
'Black Girls Rock' 2012 During this week\u2019s episode of HuffPost\u2019s Black Voices\u2019 weekly entertainment news series, BV 365, host Teri Johnson was on
David Tlale, Clothing Designer, Talks African Fashion And His New Collection (PHOTOS) How would you define \African fashion\ to the world? This collection is themed \transcendence\ because it's coming from South
A Desperate God In light of the monstrous storm battering the northeast, many have said that the storm is a \sign of judgment\ from God. We need to \get right!\, they say.
God You Are My Preservation If your candidate wins, praise the Lord! If your candidate loses, praise the Lord! If you are excited about the next four years, praise the Lord! If you are worried about what will happen next, praise the Lord!
Martin Luther As African Descent communities of faith, may we welcome those moments when they arise in others. May we pray that those stances of leadership will be in the shaping of future prophetic leaders. May we be people who can't sit still in the face of injustice, error and oversight.
Pop Music Power Belters (PHOTOS) The art of singing involves various assets that are vital not only in the recording studio, but also during live performances
Discovering Detroit Rivertown If you want to be in the heart and center of Detroit city-life, then Rivertown is the place to be. Located directly
RZA Lays Out His Plan On Evolving Hip Hop Culture During this week\u2019s debut episode of HuffPost Black Voices weekly entertainment news series, BV 365, host Teri Johnson catches
Breast Cancer Awareness Month Breast cancer affects women of all races and ethnicities, but unfortunately, it has disproportionately affected many women
History Of Black Churches Celebrated By Heritage Tourism Alliance Of Montgomery County With New Guide The guide, titled \u201cCommunity Cornerstones
The Week's Best Style Moments Check out those lovely ladies and all the week's best-dressed celebs in the slideshow below. Last but certainly not least
The Mis-Education of the Negro Pastors Urging Congregants Not to Vote The fact is neither party truly cares about Christian morality, certainly not based on Old Testament scriptures. What seems instead to be driving both is power and control. Republicans care about power and control for the wealthy, while Democrats care about power and control for the not-so-wealthy.
Kurt A. Summers, Cook County Chief Of Staff, Aims To Streamline Second Largest County In The U.S. Meaningful Acronyms It\u2019s hard to believe Summers has accomplished so much in his 33 years, but he explains how the 3 P\u2019s
Gallup Poll Finds People Of Color More Likely To Identify As LGBT \This data reveals that, relative to the general population, the LGBT population has a larger proportion of non-white people
The Candle or the Mirror Haven't we all met the Christian who's so compelling to us that his or her presence inspires our faith? And haven't we also met that sister or brother whose words, actions or attitudes cause us to literally doubt our faith?
Discovering Chicago Bucktown The trendy neighborhood of Bucktown offers the best of both worlds for Chicagoans. Located near Wicker Park and
13 Relationship Tips for Women If you are going to force your boyfriend/husband to watch Steel Magnolias, Eat Pray Love, the Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood, you should have absolutely no problems watching a football or basketball game with him.
The Week's Best Style Moments Queen Latifah showed off her bodacious bod at Variety's Power of Women event in Beverly Hills. She opted for a printed black
5 Tumblrs Every Black Sci-Fi And Comic Lover Should Know About It's that time of year again. The leaves are changing, fall TV is in full effect and Comic Con is back in New York. If there's
Solange Knowles Says She Would 'Never' Start A Fashion Line \Kenzo, J. Crew are all my peeps. To work with friends is how I\u2019ve structured my life,\ she said. \I've been approached a
Lithuania No one knows for certain how the practice of putting down crosses started, but in more recent times it has come to symbolize the enduring committment of Lithuanians to their country and staunchly Catholic identity.
Toni Braxton Celebrates 46th Birthday (PHOTOS) Since embarking on her solo career in the early 1990s, Toni Braxton has blossomed as one of R&B\u2019s most talented singers. Not
Quentin James, National Director Sierra Club Student Coalition, Calls Being Environmentally Conscious 'Sexy' Quentin James, the National Director for the Sierra Club's Sierra Student Coalition declares, \Being environmentally conscious
The Week's Best Style Moments Solange Knowles continued her reign as our favorite fashion gal of the moment Wednesday night, in an adorable pink Twenty8Twelve
Discovering D.C. Logan Circle This hipster neighborhood is home to funky furniture stores, chic clothing outlets and cool boutiques like Lettie
The Week's Best Style Moments Last but definitely not least, Laila Ali makes our list after stepping out at the 27th Annual Great Sports Legends Dinner
Swizz Beatz Accepts Role Of Global Hospital Ambassador, Honors Legendary Doctor Who Saved MLK \When I go home tonight, I'm going to write in my journal... today's date, because it marks history,\ Dean went on to say
Discovering New York Brooklyn Heights A more affluent area of Brooklyn, Brooklyn Heights offers beautiful views of the city and Brooklyn Bridge
Nicki Minaj's Craziest Comments (PHOTOS) Nicki Minaj\u2019s eclectic sense of style and catchy Pop records has transcended across popular culture in recent years. Last
Does Jesus' First Miracle Prove He Was Married? Reexamining John 2:1-12 It's time for even persons like me who really want to put an end to these questions of Jesus being married as an absolute \no\ to not ignore the signs that there is considerable evidence that he was.
Mitt Romney 'Out Of Touch' We've been watching this trend for a while and we keep wondering
The Week's Best Style Moments Here's a look at those stunning gals and more of the week's style standouts in the slideshow below. Across the pond, Corinne
Black Children's Books Bedtime reading is one of our favorite childhood memories. There was nothing better than being told stories about princesses
Mitt Romney's Black Leadership Council Aims To Woo African-American Voters There's no doubt Romney hopes to turn a corner with black voters as election season winds down, but the question is, will
New York Fashion Week New York Fashion Week is in full swing and as we marvel at all the amazing designs we'll be rocking come spring 2013, it's
S'mores Bread Pudding Summer may be over, unofficially, but not without a sweet sendoff from our resident weeknight-recipe guru, Chef Danielle
The Week's Best Style Moments Power couple Gabrielle Union and Dwyane Wade were also in NYC to help fete Calvin Klein Collection\u2019s FNO event. Both stars
20 Celebs Who Look Better With Short Cropped Hairstyles In light of our girl Rihanna going back to her signature short hair (which almost everyone mimicked for a spell), we're highlighting
The Ten Most Popular Black Celebrity Hairstyles I thought it might be interesting to check out the global monthly search stats on the hairstyles of black celebrities, to see whose was the most popular.
From Gabby Douglas to the RNC Before the sun sets on the summer of 2012 - we wanted to take a look back at some of its more interesting happenings. From Gabby and Serena's awesome athletic exploits to our president navigating the murky waters of country-running...
'White Graduates Only' Party Planned For 1973 Class Reunion In Louisiana Sparks Outrage (VIDEO) Liza Chance, one of the organizers of the event, told KATC that she was bewildered by this backward step. \'We've been doing
Wendell Tucker, Chicago Theater Artist, Undergoes 40-Day Fast To Raise Awareness About Black Men And Suicide AAS statistics also show that African-American men are five times more likely to commit suicide than African-American women
Beyonc\u00e9 Style Evolution Flip through our many other Style Evolutions. As Mrs. Jay-Z's celebrates her 31st birthday on Tuesday (September 4th), we're
Closet Confidential We've all heard the age old adage, 'No white after Labor Day.' Still, many fashion rules are definitely meant to be broken
Artur Davis' Drift Toward Right-Wing Wealth Tune in to the Artur Davis show at the Republican convention and you will see that when the right picks up a smooth, double-talking Harvard Law School graduate it can be satisfied that it has made a profitable trip to the political bargain basement.
Back To School Style As back-to-school season gets underway, it's the perfect time to refresh your style and try a few new trends. One look that
Rossville A.M.E. Zion, Black Church, Fights To Sustain Traditions As Connection To History \u201cReligious institutions are the crossroads of a community,\u201d he said, likening the role of Rossville in Sandy Ground to the
One In A Million Yesterday, we asked our Black Voices community members to share their favorite songs. We got hundred of replies and we did
Almost Spicy Lamb Burgers Backyard season may be coming to an end, but that doesn't mean grilling has to. This week's Soul Fusion mash up -- Chef Danielle
The 30 Greatest African American Athletes of All Time The US is poised to take home over 100 medals, with more than 45 golds at this year's Olympic games. As always, black athletes
Back To School As the hot and hazy days of summer begin to wind down this month, students across America are gearing up for another school
Kale & Collard Caesar Salad Chef Danielle worked her \Soul Fusion\ magic into a yummy risotto jambalaya last week and while this week's creation -- a
'The Olympian' What Williams would go on to discover about Taylor\u2019s largely forgotten story became the groundwork for his first book, \The
Fergus Falls 'First 85' Reunion Celebrates Black Role In How The West Was Won (PHOTOS) Descendants of the First 85 gathered for a reunion in 2010, a tradition they look forward to carrying on this year and beyond
Jada Pinkett-Smith In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Black Audiences Should Feel Included Rather than Targeted Although, these strategies do little to decipher the root of an even bigger issue amongst the theatre industry, they do show some process. Black audiences are now seen as a theatre market and where there's a demand, hopefully, there will continue to be shows.
Steve Harvey Left It All On The Stage Harvey will certainly be around in many other shapes and forms. When fans take in a show at comedy stages around the country and wonder where the humor with heart went, they will remember that the great Steve Harvey, one of the original kings of comedy
Target Launches 'Give With Target' Initiative To Help Raise $1 Billion For Education (VIDEO) But that's not all--Target is set to donate up to $5 million to schools across the country. Of that lump sum, $2.5 million
Flying Squirrel Nickname Nicknames will come and go. This is a time to celebrate diversity as a driver of excellence.
Back To School In keeping with BlackVoices' back-to-school theme this month, we decided to take a look at the college backgrounds of some
Risotto Jambalaya First up
The Polar Bears Of Martha's Vineyard Offer Insights On Aging Gracefully And Having Fun While Doing It (PHOTOS) Life is short and summers on Martha's Vineyard are even shorter. But a group of African-American men and women called the
President Obama Birthday Today, President Barack Obama celebrates his 51st birthday, and over the last 12 months the commander-in-chief has had more
Caribbean Carnival 2012 Pass the Torch encourages kids to create music to be played at the Caribbean Carnival. The initiative, based in the Malvern
Harvard Grad Inspires a Nation at the 2012 Olympics in London At the Olympics this year, it means everything to me to represent Haiti. Despite the fact that I consider myself to be a Haitian-American, I've chosen to represent Haiti in an attempt to inspire people and showcase my country's dignity.
Jackson Family Feud Well the Jacksons aren't the only family to have their share of troubles in the spotlight. We've compiled a list of other
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight As we conclude the Atlanta\u2019s New Leaders series, Black Voices has introduced you to a new generation of people who have not
Hollywood of the South \u201cThe wonderful people of Atlanta make the best audiences in the country and we love creating programming for people who consistently
Three-Time Olympic Medalist Angelo Taylor Says Atlanta Helped Him Go For Gold As the former capitol of the \Old South,\ Atlanta is also the same city that gave birth to the civil rights movement. Today
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed Reveals Local Gems From Downtown to Midtown A sprawling metropolis, Atlanta is made up of different communities that each have their own distinctive personalities. From
Katherine Jackson, Mother Of Michael And Janet Jackson, Reported Missing (UPDATE) yes , my grandmother is missing . i haven't spoken with her in a week i want her home now . \u2014 Paris Jackso\u03b7 (@ParisJackson
The Week's Best Style Moments Check out those ladies and the rest of this week's fashion-forward folks in the slideshow below. Back on the East Coast, Zoe
Former U.S. Olympians Have No Regrets Over 1968 Black Power Protest His 1968 silent protest has been commemorated in a school mural painted by students. While Carlos said he is proud of his
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight Affordability, says Saunderson, who initially moved to Atlanta to pursue a music career, also factors big in Atlanta\u2019s rise
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight In the Atlanta\u2019s New Leaders series, Black Voices will introduce you to three individuals who have not only maintained their
Della, African Accessories Company, Teams Up With Apple For Exclusive MacBook Cases (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Each colorful foam-lined case, which come in 11-inches, 13-inches and 15-inches--to fit Apple's full range of MacBook options
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight A sprawling metropolis, Atlanta is made up of different communities that each have their own distinctive personalities. From
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight As the former capitol of the \Old South,\ Atlanta is also the same city that gave birth to the Civil Rights Movement. Today
Gov. DeVal Patrick:I Will Not Let Obama Be Bullied Out Of Office! Patrick shared with the audience that he had been written off when he ran for re-election as governor of Massachusetts in 2010. That he had not accomplished all he had wanted to at that juncture. Just as the president has more he wants to accomplish.
My Black Is Beautiful Launches 'Imagine A Future' Initiative At Essence Music Festival (PHOTOS) \u201cThe launch of 'Imagine a Future' reflects a natural evolution of our mission to focus on both black women and girls,\ said
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight But this isn\u2019t kitschy cooking. As chefs are inspired by a local footprint in both its produce and flavorings, it\u2019s easy
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight A sprawling metropolis, Atlanta is made up of different communities that each have their own distinctive personalities. From
BlackVoices Atlanta Spotlight Our subjects for this leader spotlight have not only maintained their family\u2019s legacies, but are expanding them by adding
Usher Opens Up About Role As Sugar Ray Leonard Next year, singer Usher will put on the gloves and make the boxing ring his stage as he plays the role of Sugar Ray Leonard
Harlem's Fashion Row Looks For Talented Clothing Designers, Who Are Your Picks? (PHOTOS) To make sure the best of the best designs are showcased, Henderson assembled a panel of industry-insider judges last month
50 Books That Every African American Should Read Whether you're traveling on vacation, sunbathing on the beach, or simply lounging in the park, nothing beats a good book
Malia Obama Birthday America won't be the only one blowing out birthday candles today. Malia Obama, the country's fashionable birthday twin, is
BlackVoices Atlanta Spotlight The African American leadership community in Atlanta has long played a transformative role in the social and political tapestry
Tomato Recipes From Chefs Nilton Borges And Martell Fonville Of Amali NYC Classic or creative? Which one gets your vote? When venturing into your own tomato cookery, look for ones that yield slightly
5 Ways To Help Transition To Natural Hair From GorgeousInGrey.com
BET Awards Red Carpet 2012 The biggest night in black entertainment is finally here! The 2012 BET Awards are in full swing and we're bringing you all
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight A sprawling metropolis, Atlanta is made up of different communities that each have their own distinctive personalities. From
Black Voices Atlanta Spotlight As the former capitol of the \Old South,\ Atlanta is also the same city that gave birth to the Civil Rights Movement. Today
New Gang Law Blows into the Windy City, Causing a Backlash in Illinois New Illinois anti-gang legislation, signed by Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn in early June, permits state prosecutors to apply investigation tactics similar to that of the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act.
Solange Knowles' Birthday And they are not alone. Plenty of celebrity sisters have taken the world by storm
'Food Network Star's Judson Allen's Weight Loss Success And Favorite Healthy Recipes Breaking point
My First Day at NABJ - 2012 As I walked down the street, I noticed Trayvon Martin's parents standing outside of Morton's Steakhouse on Canal Street. I stopped, introduced myself, and extended my condolences to their family.
Watching TV Can Lower Children's Self Esteem, Study Finds \The images that our kids see through media and the news and images they see in video games informs their sense of what's
Tracy Martin, Father Of Trayvon Martin, Releases Father's Day Video On Stand Your Ground Laws Florida's version of the law allows for \deadly force\ to be used \when there is a reasonable fear of imminent peril of death
TV Land's 'The Soul Man' Kicking off last month during Atlanta\u2019s annual Jazz Festival, this week fans can have the opportunity to catch the tour as
Rodney King Dead \America's been good to me after I paid the price and stayed alive through it all,\ he says. \This part of my life is the
The Tragedy, Triumph and Tragedy of Rodney King King was the near classic protean tragic figure of interest and curiosity precisely because there was so much tragedy, followed by triumph, and in the end, tragedy in the way his life ended.
Rodney King He didn't speak from a written speech or from some political soapbox. He didn't employ a deep vocabulary. He just asked a question. Something that would never occur to someone carrying a smoldering TV.
Our Favorite Black TV and Movie Dads It's Father's Day, and it's time for all of us Daddy's girls and boys to celebrate the man that was partly responsible for
Layla-Joy Williams, Shoe Designer, Shares Her Collection And A Few Of Her Favorite Things (PHOTOS) So in 2011, the native New Yorker officially launched her signature collection of footwear LAYLAJOY. Here's a look at our
Grilled Sandwiches For And By Dads Grab your tools and make us proud, papas! Then tell us
Erica Kennedy Dead From TheRoot.com
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg Defends 'Stop And Frisk' At Black Church By Chris Francescani \All 10 were young men. All 10 were black and Hispanic,\ Bloomberg said after reading the names. \Sadly
This Week's Top 10 News Stories From Africa This week, we're reading about Egypt's ailing former dictator Hosni Mubarak, who was sentenced to life in prison last week
Pastor Creflo A. Dollar Police Report Since the news broke that \Mega-church\ pastor Creflo A. Dollar was arrested for assaulting his 15-year-old daughter, the
Recidivism Hard To Shake For Ex-Offenders Returning Home To Dim Prospects \He's been here with me ever since,\ Medina said. \We call him our bounty hunter.\ Of the 356 participants who completed
Natural Hair Short Documentary Film 'Transition' By Zina Saro-Wiwa In an attempt to understand the reasoning behind the movement and why in the past three years more and more women are coddling
This Week's Top 10 News Stories From Africa This week, we're reading about the conviction of the once-powerful warlord Charles Taylor after his sentencing for war crimes
Paula Patton And Robin Thicke Star In First Ever R\u00e9my Martin Commercial (VIDEO) Soulful singer Robin Thicke has already admitted that he and his beautiful wife, actress Paula Patton, know how to keep things
Angelica's Kitchen Teaches Classic Caribbean Cooking In Curacao (RECIPES) It's a mashup of cultures that makes its way through every corner of the historic mansion Angelique bought and restored in
Stay Schemien' There is often an asterisk assigned to the media's portrayal of black achievement, to diminish it, even though there is no evidence of impropriety.
New Study The wishful scenario many Republicans envisioned after Barack Obama\u2019s change of heart this month on gay marriage\u2014the president\u2019s
The Week's Best Style Moments Tina Turner made her way to China for the first time ever (which is a total surprise) to take in Armani's \u201cOne Night Only
This Week's Top 10 News Stories From Africa This week we're watching closely as Egyptians go to the polls to vote for their next president, as well as looking at results
Chicago Wife Fights To Free Husband Who Was Shot By Police 28 Times 40 years. That is the sentence Howard Morgan received on April 5 from Cook County Circuit Court Judge Clayton J. Crane, after
Tank In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week singer-songwriter
15 Figure-Flattering Swimsuits For Memorial Day Weekend And Beyond (PHOTOS) It's time to get fun-in-the-sun ready, which means picking out the perfect swimsuit! With the weather warming up and Memorial
This Week's Top 10 News Stories From Africa This week, we're watching as Egypt continues to prepare for its upcoming presidential elections, as candidates take to the
Magic And The HIV-Positive Girl Who Changed Him 20 Years Ago When Magic Johnson announced to the world that he was infected with HIV in November of 1991, he instantly became the face
A Look Back At The Most Stylish Black Men Let's face it, men of the former years had exceptional taste. Heading out for a stroll down Madison Avenue called for a double
My Parents and Yesterday My parents believe in equality for all people. Not just equality in the areas that they don't care about but equality in areas that may make them a little uncomfortable. My parents did not evolve overnight, it came in small steps over time; fueled by people they met and struggles they shared.
Classic Vs. Creative Classic or creative? Which recipe gets your vote? While cobbler typically rivals pie as the classic All-American dessert
Mother's Day 2012 Like the song says, \I'll always love my mama--she's my favorite girl!\--and we at the HuffPost Black Voices couldn't agree
Ziggy Marley In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
A Son Falls and Lifts Mothers Up \You can't get over the pain of losing a child. You have to be lifted up out of it\.  In these words, Helen Delaney, captured the essence of the For Sybrina Mother's Day Campaign, a tribute to Sybrina Fulton, Trayvon Martin's mom.
Dear Clair Huxtable I spent my Thursday evenings as a child glued to my family's wooden television set watching \The Cosby Show\ and pretending
Sam Russell, Celebrity Stylist, Surprises Single-Mother Of Five With $10,000 Fashion Giveaway (VIDEO) Russell's connection with Crepso goes beyond simply gifting her clothes. He understands the struggles of women like Crespo
Rev. Al Sharpton Rev. Al Sharpton told NewsOne that he regularly called his mother, Ada Sharpton, every Sunday when she was alive and it hurts
The Week's Best Style Moments It was great to see Janet Jackson hit the red carpet looking fit and fabulous, as she attended the opening of Marco Glaviano's
Henry Louis Gates Discovers John Legends Family History On 'Finding Your Roots' Henry Louis Gates has unearthed the family origins of many famous faces, from media legend Barbara Walters, to domestic diva
Jennifer Hudson Speaks Out On Verdict Of Family Murder Trial Jennifer Hudson can finally close the book on the most painful chapter in her life. Friday afternoon, her former brother
Mother's Day Songs Showcasing your love for mom can come in many different forms, whether it\u2019s spending quality time or providing a sentimental
UPDATE In an update to this story, the Weekly reports that because the school board is technically the superintendent's boss, Fisher
Camp Fit Camp Fit creates opportunities for young people to get in shape while competing to achieve their goals and win a grand prize, with no eliminations.  Not only do you have kids getting fit, but you have parents learning how to support their children to live healthier lives.
Our Favorite Fashion And Beauty Insiders On Instagram (PHOTOS) Browsing the super cool photo-sharing app is rapidly becoming our favorite pastime--fueled by the sensational snapshots from
'Dateline NBC' Series 'My Kid Would Never Do That' Tackles Discrimination (VIDEO) According to Perry, discrimination comes across in subtle, coded language nowadays, through statements like \People of color
This Week's Top 10 News Stories From Africa This week, we're reading about the rising pre-election clashes taking place in Egypt, as well as how Malawi avoided a possible
Henry Louis Gates Helps Martha Stewart Discover Her Past On 'Finding Your Roots' (VIDEO) Every week, celebrities make fascinating discoveries about their family history with the help of Henry Louis Gates Jr. On
The Week's Best Style Moments It was all about the little black dress this week... Kimora Lee Simmons, Joan Smalls and Maya Rudolph all rocked gorgeous
Halle's Ex Gabriel Aubry Drags Her Back To Court, Wants A Fortune Gabriel Aubry and Halle Berry were back in court today as Halle's baby daddy wants to increase his child support payments
Chris Brown Celebrates His 23rd Birthday (PHOTOS) Throughout the course of his career Chris Brown has managed to defy the odds of Twitter rants and his much-publicized 2009
Calypso St. Barth Features Zandile Blay And More In 'Generations Of Style' Campaign (PHOTOS) Check out their cute conversation and all the fun photos from the shoot below! Below, one of the ladies, Huffington Post
Kelli Powers, 'Worst Cooks In America' Winner, At Sunday Dinner What would you say are the biggest lessons you learned along the way? Number one is flavoring and using spices other than
White House Correspondents' Dinner 2012 Take a look at all our favorite looks from the star-studded evening in the slideshow below and let us know who you think
Hill Harper In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week New York Times
Henry Louis Gates Digs Into Samuel L. Jackson's Genealogy On 'Finding Your Roots' Watch That Was What It Was on PBS. See more from Finding Your Roots. Every week, The Huffington Post Black Voices tells you
Talk that Talk, Honey! We have to be mindful of the words that come out of our mouths. God says that we have the power to speak those things into existence that are not as if they were!
Standing for Sybrina Fulton on Mother's Day Sybrina Fulton has refreshed the memory of the debilitating pain of my mother, who could barely stand; seeing Sybrina standing at podiums and press conferences, surrounded by men and microphones, has been remarkable.
For Sybrina You can submit them directly to the For Sybrina Project Tumblr You can share them on Twitter with the tag #4sybrina You can
Michael Ealy In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Tropical Foodies Going to an Ethiopian restaurant is an interesting experience. It is not just about the food, which is delicious. It's also
Earth Day Happy Earth Day! It's the perfect time to go all in for all-natural products. From the food we eat to the clothes we wear
Aminah Abdul-Jillil, Dancer Turned Shoe Designer, Shares Her New Collection (PHOTOS) But now there's another type of fancy footwork that she wants to be known for. Check out the full Aminah collection in the
Naturi Naughton Admires Peyton Manning's Passion In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Garden Pea Recipes Here, two co-hosts of ABC's \The Chew\ give green peas a moment to shine. One, alongside carrots in a buttery, lemony sauce
Henry Louis Gates Jr. Unearths Genealogy of Religious Leaders On 'Finding Your Roots' This season on his PBS series, \Finding Your Roots with Henry Louis Gates Jr.,\ Henry Louis Gates has already helped media
12 Bible Verses Every Small Business Owner Needs Starting a small business is a spiritual journey. You should pick a verse that will inspire you. I thought it would be helpful to share some of my favorites. Use these bible verses in the good and tough times in your small business.
Empowering Our Black Boys It's well understood it takes a village to raise a child, but as illustrated through Andres' narrative, I am strongly of the opinion not only has our village abandoned our black boys, our country is actually deliberately and permanently keeping these males at the bottom rungs.
5 Cocktails Every Guy Should Know According To Mixologist Karl Franz Williams On the menu, drinks are broken out by the type of spirit each cocktail is built around, a technique that Williams says keeps
The Week's Best Style Moments It was a week full of wonderful style moments... Selita Ebanks razzled and dazzled in silver, Jessica White showed us her
Tulsa Shooting Rampage Appears to Be Case of Racial Revenge The apparently random racially motivated shootings have terrorized Tulsa's African-American community. One of the two white men arrested for shooting three African-Americans to death and injuring two others appears to have had a racist posting on his Facebook pages.
Henry Louis Gates Jr. Discovers Family Connection Between Kevin Bacon And Kyra Sedgwick On 'Finding Your Roots' (VIDEO) Last week, we told you about how renowned Harvard professor, Henry Louis Gates Jr., helped media legend Barbara Walters uncover
Judy Smith, 'Scandal' Muse, Shares 10 Tips For Preventing Crises At Work Our work dramas may never escalate to the heights that they do on ABC's new series \Scandal.\ On the first episode alone
J.B. Smoove Opens Up On Tiger Woods Losing His Cool In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
A Look At Classic Easter Sunday Hats And Ensembles From The EBONY Archives (PHOTOS) \Now they stroll up and down the aisles of the church, stars of splendor, beauty beyond measurement. Black ladies in hats
Bethanie Mattek-Sands & Others Land On List Of Best & Worst Dressed Athletes PHOTOS
Hear My Call Outside of the shower, whatever vocal ability that I dream to possess fades drastically, so I am careful to keep my illusions of grandeur there. I am fine with preaching, \spoken word\ poetry, and other individualized public presentations, but singing is another story altogether.
Racism without Racists The conundrum of racism without racistscreates a society in which black males are perceived always and everywhere as the perpetrator, never given the dignity applied to a victim.
A Troubled Experiment's Forgotten Lesson in Racial Integration The year 2012 marks the fortieth anniversary of my Puerto Rican mother and Irish-Italian father's unusual wedding. They met and married in an experimental community called Synanon, where I was born.
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Martin I am from Seattle and although we've never met, I feel your pain all the way over here. I'm an advocate for homeless youth and out here, every day is a risk, especially if you're a person of color.
This Week's Top 10 News Stories From Africa This week, we\u2019re reading about a singular problem facing Zimbabweans
The Fierce Urgency of Now  I believe that there is a fiercely urgent need for us to take the time to learn about people who look differently than we do, live differently than we might, worship differently than what is familiar to us. Because violence is often rooted in ignorance and fear.
Henry Louis Gates Jr. Helps Barbara Walters Uncover Her Past On TV Show 'Finding Your Roots' (VIDEO) Renowned Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. has helped a number of celebrities discover integral aspects of their family
Fried Chicken Recipes Classic or creative? Which recipe gets your vote? It's a soul food staple and a Sunday dinner favorite that Roots' drummer
Trayvon Martin Shooting \I took all of the screams and put those together, and cut out everything else,\ Owen says. The software compared that audio
Tamia Takes Credit For Her Children's Athletic Gifts In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Wanted Black colleges need Black churches. Through support of Black colleges, Black churches can make change at a much larger level.  They can assist with the education of African Americans committed to social justice and positive change throughout the world.
The Black Mother's Burden I do not know Sybrina Fulton. Nor can I claim to understand the depth of her pain. Yet, we share a deep connection. You see, Ms. Fulton is living my nightmare. A constant worry that has lingered in the back of my mind since the birth of my eldest son, some sixteen years ago.
Trayvon Martin's Death Sparks A Familiar, Fraught Conversation About Race And The Police \My son did not deserve to die,\ Trayvon Martin's mother tearfully said into a microphone. The Union Square crowd murmured
'Black Love' Wedding Announcements Just married? Celebrating a wedding anniversary? If so, share your love with us, here at BlackVoices, and get featured on
Jamillah And David Lamb Share 'Perfect Combination' To Happily Living And Loving Together Since we work together everyday was make a thousand decisions a day and the only way we're able to do that and not get into
Privilege and silence of white \beyond evangelicals\ When the uproar over the killing of a black child, Trayvon Martin, goes viral, most white evangelicals are silent.  Despite adhering to a religion that came from the margins, many white evangelicals' privilege keeps them silent.
Joe Oliver, George Zimmerman's Friend, Defends Shooter In Trayvon Martin Case Sanford police did not arrest Zimmerman, saying the evidence could not disprove his account of self-defense, though the case
Gates's 'Finding Your Roots' Is Beginning Its Fourth Season It wasn't a question of whether his ancestors had been slaves. Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.), a son of the Old South and one of
Running From Race in Our Minds The tragedy of Trayvon Martin's death is the loss of such a young life. But the tragedy of his last moments is that he had every reason to run... from Zimmerman or nearly anyone else.
Craig Sonner, George Zimmerman's Lawyer, Says Client Is Not Racist During CNN Interview He went on
Trayvon Martin Case SANFORD, Fla. -- A 68-year-old man was arrested on Friday a day after threatening to kill beleaguered Sanford police Chief
Spring Greens Recipes Which one gets your vote? The classic or the creative? Spring is on its way in, bringing with it a colorful assortment of
Kladogo A recent 30-minute video about Joseph Kony and the Lord's Resistance Army has captured the world's collective imagination
Queen Latifah's Most Memorable Roles (VIDEO) Since breaking into the music business in 1989 with her debut opus All Hail the Queen, Queen Latifah (born Dana Elaine Owen
Estelle Opens Up On The Miami Heat's Style Of Play In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Trayvon Martin Killing's Youngest Witness, 13, Still Can Hear The Screams His mother says he's been arguing with his siblings more than usual. His 8th grade teachers have called home saying that
'Black Love' Wedding Announcements Bryan and Janelle first met at Hampton University during her freshman year and his junior year. They reconnected years later
Trayvon Martin Case Recasts Century-Old Battle Lines For Local Activist Soon after the takeover, Sanford officials dismantled the Goldsboro post office, jail and many of the black-owned businesses
The Temptations File Class Action Royalty Suit Against Universal \u200eMusic Legendary soul group The Temptations are reportedly suing Universal Music Group seeking millions of dollars in revenue for
Trayvon Martin Case The case has drawn national attention and has outraged many residents of Sanford, a town about 20 miles north of Orlando
Jesus Puts Business Out of Business I wonder what Jesus would do if he were to walk through our church doors some Sunday morning and see the merchandise we sell in our church and the clothes we wear there. Have we become so materialistic that we have turned our houses of prayer into dens of robbers and markets?
Boris Kodjoe On Giving Back To The Community And Dressing For Success On what's next for ALFA
Black Clergy Aims To Register One Million Voters On Easter Sunday \u201cOur vote is going to be very critical in this election,\u201d Bryant added. \u201cBecause we don't have super PACs, we have the people
Travis London, Celebrity Chef, At Sunday Brunch \I'm Mexican and black, so I grew up with southern food, enchiladas and tamales. I know it all, but no one in my family eats
Anthony Hamilton Professes His Love For The Ultimate Fighting Championship In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
'Black Love' Wedding Announcements (PHOTOS) \Black Love\ Wedding Announcements
George Zimmerman, Neighborhood Watch Captain Who Shot Trayvon Martin, Charged With Violence Before The teenager was on his way back from a convenience store during halftime of the NBA All-Star game when Zimmerman began following
Kanye West Disturbs The Royal Family In London \Every room was a studio. The Royal Family below were complaining like, 'We got all this loud-a** rap music above us and
HIV Among Black Women 5 Times Higher Than Previously Thought According to a report by News One
Robin Thicke Turns 35, Singer Celebrates With Big Birthday Bash (PHOTOS) In celebration of his birthday, here's a look at Robin's star-studded party and at some of his most stylish moments over
The Noah Syndrome In the midst of being obedient to God, we may become weary, fearful, embarrassed, or even regretful that we stepped out on faith only to face ridicule.  It is in this place that we have to have the Noah Syndrome.
Melanie Fiona Talks New Album, Whitney Houston And Starting Her Clothing Line (PHOTOS) What do you splurge on? Shoes! I think I have over 300 pairs. But I buy with classic in mind. I rarely buy a shoe that is
Blair Underwood Explains What America Can Learn From Jeremy Lin In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Viola Davis Viola Davis may be one step closer to winning her first Oscar. With the Tony Award-winning actress up against Glenn Close
Vivian Green Opens Up On The Philadelphia Eagles Disappointing Season In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
'Black Love' Wedding Announcements (PHOTOS) \Black Love\ Wedding Announcements
Why Racism Hasn't Died It is interesting that after more than three hundred years of black history in America, racism does indeed still exist. The question is then
White House Black Market Spring 2012 'Work Kit' Commerical Starring Coco Rocha (VIDEO) So, as we were patiently waiting for the Oscar red carpet to begin a flash of fabulous appeared on the screen--White House
Viola Davis' Style Evolution (PHOTOS) She has already picked up a SAG award, Critic's Choice award, an NAACP Image award--and with the Oscars just hours away she
Manouschka Guerrier, 'Private Chef Of Beverly Hills,' At Sunday Dinner In Guerrier's family, Sunday dinners happened every night. \My grandmother and my mother cooked every single day,\ she says
Most Memorable Sports Figures In Film (VIDEO) Throughout the years notable athletes have not only used their talents in hopes of winning a championship in their respective
Lending Discrimination Other Findings While race was the largest factor in determining loan funding, the study also detected other biases on the
Amar'e Stoudemire And Jermaine O'Neal Among NBA Players With Clothing Collections (PHOTOS) NBA All-Star Weekend is here! New York Knick Amar'e Stoudemire, Boston Celtics Jermaine O'Neal and Phoenix Suns Steve Nash
Rebecca Taylor, Doo.Ri and Nicole Miller Fall 2012 For her fall 2012 collection, designer Doo-Ri Chung reminded us of two things
Interracial Marriage for All Americans Well into my adult years, despite the fact that I preached diversity, I held the belief that black men should marry black women and conversely, black women should marry black men.  I have grown to learn how wrong I was to hold that belief.
Jeremy Lin doesn't make you Larry Wilmore Jeremy Lin is much more than a fortune cookie. Treat him as such.
Rufus Buck's Anti-Black History Month History Lesson The Rufus Buck gang were neither saints, nor victims. But they are part of our history -- the part we foolishly agree to ignore because it does not fit the normative view of who we ought to be.
Harriet Tubman's Descendants Draw Strength From The Matriarch's Legacy Valery Ross Manokey doesn\u2019t make the trip as often as she used to, but every now and then she\u2019ll head down to her family\u2019s
Kenny Lattimore Professes His Love For Tim Tebow In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
BlackVoices History Quest, Black History In Your Backyard Today's edition of Black Voices Black History Quest is based in Detroit. You can plan a trip with your family to these places
The Duo Dishes Bloggers, Chrystal Baker And Amir Thomas, At Sunday Dinner \As a kid I would always hang out in the kitchen with my aunts and my grandmother and just watch,\ Amir says. \That's when
Whitney Houston Dies, Her Iconic Style Remembered (PHOTOS) Beyond her unforgettable voice, Houston was praised and idolized for her sensational style. Houston could work a sequin gown
Samuel L. Jackson \He needs the support of the African-American community in order to continue to bring positive change to our community,\ campaign
Celebrate the Feast of Absalom Jones This Sunday, we celebrate the Feast of Absalom Jones, the first African-American priest in what is presently, the Episcopal Church, U.S.A.  This day of devotion is annually set aside in February, to commemorate this pioneer of religion, social action and transformation.
BlackVoices History Quest, Black History In Your Backyard Today's edition of Black Voices Black History Quest is based in Los Angeles. We have some great places for your next trip
Roland Martin's Controversial Tweets Draw Attention To Issues Faced By LGBT Blacks, Activists Say The National Black Justice Coalition called these attacks \a clarion call that more deliberate action within the black community
Grammy Awards 2012 With this year's annual Grammy Awards scheduled for this Sunday, two days before Valentine's Day, HuffPost Black Voices thought
Kelly Rowland's Birthday As one of the original members of Destiny's Child, Kelly Rowland has been dressing like a superstar over the past 15 years
Ciara Debuts Two-Tone Hair At Pre-Grammy Party, Yea Or Nay? (PHOTOS, POLL) Singer Ciara attended the Red Zone pre-Grammy party last night and debuted an interesting new 'do. The Grammy Awards are
'Black Love' Wedding Announcements (PHOTOS) \Black Love\ Wedding Announcements
BlackVoices History Quest, Black History In Your Backyard Today's edition of Black Voices Black History Quest is based in Atlanta, Georgia. Atlanta has a special place in many of
'Black Love' Wedding Announcements (PHOTOS) \Black Love\ Wedding Announcements
Who Said We Have to Agree? It is no secret that many of our nation's institutions do not operate to their highest potential because of division. Many of the world's problems exist because the people are busy taking sides instead of working together. In no other institution is this issue more prevalent than in the Christian church.
Laz Alonso On Quarterbacks Becoming The Face Of NFL Franchises In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Super Bowl Pizza Recipes That Put Delivery To Shame Chef Carla Hall makes hers focaccia style. \At home I tend to use my focaccia dough for pizza,\ she says. \It's not as crispy
BlackVoices Preach! This Sunday, we join Rev. William E. Flippin in learning about the African principle, Ubuntu. \The philosophy of Ubuntu derives
Ubuntu The philosophy of Ubuntu derives from a Nguni word, ubuntu meaning \the quality of being human.\ Ubuntu manifests itself through various human acts, clearly visible in social, political, and economic situations, as well as among family.
BlackVoices History Quest, Black History In Your Backyard Today's edition of Black Voices Black History Quest is based in Augusta, Georgia. Ranging from the beautiful to the downright
Omarosa, Television Personality, Still Nursing A 'Broken Heart' From LeBron James In our weekly \Love Of The Game\ series, HuffPost Black Voices talks sports with a person of note. This week we caught up
Hudson Jeans Launches Phosphorescent Jeans (VIDEO) And what is \phosphorescent\ you ask? It's basically a fancy word for neon. However, as the video so fabulously illustrates
'Freeway' Rick Ross Rick Ross definitely didn't invent crack, but he mastered its promotion and got incredibly wealthy along the way. What began
Course Instructions for Dreamers In the book of Genesis, Joseph had a hard time as a dreamer.  I believe that along with his relationship with God, Joseph kept some spiritual course instructions in his mind. There are course instructions for us today as well, to keep us from wavering off of the course of purpose.
UNCF Honors Students With \An Evening With The Stars\ Still holding true to their motto, \A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste\, UNCF awards more than 10,000 scholarships and internships
Oprah Winfrey's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Regal is the best way to describe Oprah Winfrey's sensational style. After all, she is the queen of all media. Billowing
Max Hardy, Amare Stoudemire's Personal Chef, At Sunday Dinner Perhaps Michael and Magic had their personal chefs already lined up, but Hardy's determination lived on, landing him in the
Darkness Ain't Cool If being in the dark sucks so much, why would we want to live in spiritual darkness? Why would we want to live in proverbial fear, feeling our way around life, trying not to stumble and fall?
Would Martin Luther Vote for Barack Obama? If Luther was living today and had the opportunity to vote, I believe wholeheartedly that the political views of President Barack Obama would resonate with his vision of universal needs for all.
