Cornell Frat's 'Pig Roast' Gave Points For Sex With Heaviest Woman Zeta Beta Tau was slapped with probation.
Norm Pattiz, Accused Of Sexual Harassment, To Resign As UC Regent The media executive submitted his resignation letter, but made no mention of the allegations against him.
Radio Mogul Under Pressure To Resign From Powerful California University Board Several women have accused Norman Pattiz of sexual harassment.
When ICE Comes Calling In The Ivy League We must resist.
As College Costs Rise, Congress Must Save The Perkins Student Loan In today\u2019s highly competitive global economy, a college education has never been more important. Tragically, it has also
The Collaborationists Harvard\u2019s pandering to the Trump crowd as if they were legitimate political actors. They\u2019re not. They\u2019re collaborationists.
What College Is About On the night of Sept. 26, shortly after historian Ibram Kendi introduced American University\u2019s new Antiracist Research and
Milo Yiannopoulos The far right has a new playbook, and it\u2019s important we all recognize it.
Forget Cheat \u2018Sheet\u2019 \u2014 Student Outwits Professor With Enormous 'Cheat Poster' \u201cWell played and lesson learned for me.\u201d
Student Protestors And Their Faculty Allies At The Evergreen State College Win A Battle But Lose The War Four months have passed since the riots that brought The Evergreen State College to the attention of the world occurred and
Keeping A Clear Mindset During School \u201cNew semester, new me.\u201d This is something I tell myself at the beginning of every school semester, determined, excited and
It's Not The End If You Don't Get Into Your College Of Choice A lot of what I do entails helping students achieve the best ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank, sort of like the SAT
Want To Study Abroad? Here\u2019s How To Ace Your Application There are a number of ways to better your odds provide yourself ample opportunity to see the world.
Why Universities Are Phasing Out Luxury Dorms As colleges increasingly worry about boosting their retention and graduation rates, campuses are returning to their old-school ways.
Today Is Not A Normal Monday For Us In Charlottesville Today is a day to feed your outrage and channel it toward progress.
Head Of UVA College Republicans Condemns Nazis, KKK While President Trump Hesitates \These hateful groups chose the conservative movement, our movement, in order to try to gain some form of legitimacy.\
Here's What College Students Really Want On Their Back-To-School Shopping Lists Is it really a dorm room if it doesn't have LED string lights?
I Hope This Week\u2019s Graduates Acquired What I Did At College By Meg Scharf UCF Forum columnist What will this week\u2019s UCF graduates take with them when then leave campus? Many will
Outspeak Wants Your Videos For Back To School It\u2019s August, which means it\u2019s almost time to go back to school. This time we\u2019re not bummed \u2013 it\u2019s Back To School Month here
From 'Unruly Hearts' To Open Minds Commencement was over, and we had awarded diplomas to the more than 800 graduates in a timely way. I had made remarks, as
10 Of The Best Prime Day Deals For Your College Kid One for you, one for your college student \u2714\ufe0f
How To Embrace Change Although it can be terrifying, I love the idea of having my whole life in front of me.
The Best College Graduation Gift Ever The Department of Education predicts that nearly 2 million students will receive bachelor degrees this year. If recent trends
The Evergreen State College Implosion The reality of what occurred is far more complex, and, in fact, far more insidious than the caricature presented in most media reports.
It's Time To Dispel The Myth That Athletics Can Bankroll A College The wealth of universities cannot currently rely on athletics to drive their finances. Here's how to change that.
I Just Graduated College, And I\u2019m Already Freaking Out About Debt! Are you barely out of college and already panicking about debt? Fortunately -- well, really, unfortunately -- you\u2019re not
A National Imperative Our national discord weighs on all of us but none more than the fresh, young minds of our nation.
If You\u2019re Graduating This Year, You Need To Read This Congratulations you smarty pants! You\u2019ve done it! You graduated!!! No matter how many years it took you or how you managed
Is It Time To Level The Playing Field For College Athletes? By Ali P. Gordon, UCF Forum columnist I love college sports. I\u2019ve got the Knights, Yellow Jackets, Tar Heels, Hoyas, Maroon
Are Universities Responsible Persons? If institutions can have the rights of persons, should they not also be subject to the corresponding responsibilities?
The Commencement Speech No One Asked Me To Give (Yet) Look for the people with less and you will find where you should help.
Princeton\u2019s Asian Stereotypes Comments Fuel Fear And Insecurity And they undermine American values.
A Tale Of Two Commencement Speeches This past weekend, two very high-profile alumni from two very high-profile academic institutions went back to their alma
Millennials Are Uncertain, Not Entitled Stories about entitled, apathetic millennials just keep coming. A sense of entitlement is one of the diagnostic criterion
An American's Reply To UMD Commencement Speaker Yang Shuping Maybe we should worry less about what Yang said, and focus on bettering the world.
You've Graduated! Now What? By
How To Dress Your Resume For The Job You Want (Not the Skills You Have) Before settling into my career as a professional college essay advisor and part-time acrobat (one of those things might not
Elite Universities Are Compromising Student Mental Healthcare Amid Heightened Stress Culture There should be an overall awareness that not all students are privileged to stable mental health conditions.
Etiquette Tips For Celebrating Graduations There are few milestones more celebration-worthy than a graduation. Whether moving on from high school or completing college
For A Moderate Conservative At UC Berkeley, A Battle On Two Fronts Right now, I would settle just to be tolerated.
9 Things Graduates Should Know About Post-College Work Over the next few weeks many students will be graduating from colleges and universities and starting that tough search for
I Was An Activist In College. I Still Am. Twenty years ago, in the spring of 1997, I was starving. I was an undergraduate at the New School for Social Research, on
7 Ways College Students Can Get Their Voice Heard There is new dawn of political activism and engagement for America\u2019s young people (as well as old!). As a college student
10 Ways College Grads Can Make Their Resumes Stand Out If you are one of approximately 1.8 million students receiving a bachelor\u2019s degree this year, you\u2019ve probably been working
Beyond The Prestige Race Size, of course, matters.
Low-Income Students Are Vulnerable In A Shifting College Access Landscape By consistently raising the standards, the state has pulled back resources for students who are most in need.
Supporting Our International Student Community This is a challenging time in which to be an international student \u2015 or a prospective student \u2015 at an American college or
How I Got Involved In Campus Safety As A Student Activist Working this last month with Students Against House Bill 51 at the Georgia state Capitol has reminded me of my own time as
Georgia Campus Sexual Assault Survivors And Advocates Oppose Last Minute Move To Pass Controversial Campus Rape Bill Georgia\u2019s controversial House Bill 51, which would require colleges and universities to report rapes (and other felonies
A Third Way for Universities In higher education, people like to pick sides and stay there, often in the face of stubborn facts. Such is true of the ongoing
Anti-Semitism's Threats Transcends The Jewish People As president of Yeshiva University, the largest Jewish university outside the State of Israel, and as a human being, I am
The Myth Of The Liberal Campus If liberal indoctrination were real, how did Betsy DeVos make it through college without adhering to a radical political agenda?
The Debacle At Berkeley The violence at the UC Berkeley campus Wednesday night which cancelled the speech of alt-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos
Yale Reverses Course On Symbols Of White Supremacy Months after a dining hall worker broke a window glorifying slavery at Yale\u2019s Calhoun\u2019s college, the university appears to
Silencing Milo Every time the left tries to silence Milo instead of debate him, Milo wins.
Dear Minnesota Football Players Future victims now have to contend with the possibility that an entire community will turn against them.
The Desirable American Name When did it become the norm for an American to forget about his identity?
Smoke and Mirrors 
Jargon, Legalese And The Bluebook U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Richard Posner knows a thing or two about the law. In 1981, President Ronald Reagan appointed
New Years Resolutions of Self-Growth for My Fellow 20-Somethings 
After My Injury, It\u2019s Time To Head Back To School A lot of people these days take a gap year between high school and college to learn, explore, and mature. Some take a year
To My High School Classmates Who Thought My Identity Was Worth Sacrificing Making an effort instead of reinforcing tropes is a good starting point.
Letters To The College Athlete Being a college athlete, you already have many things that demand your attention.
University of Chicago Offers Students \Trump 101\ Class If you live anywhere near a college campus these days, you\u2019ve seen it
A Feminist Meets Fidel Castro Can Women End War? A Feminist Meets With Fidel Castro I met him. I had a drink with him. I argued with him. Fidel Castro
Experiencing This Mo(u)rning From A College Campus How are we supposed to respond to this tragedy when some people believe this isn\u2019t a tragedy at all?
This Election Decides Our Future For A Generation This election is about more than the next four years.
Reporter, Publication Held Liable In Rolling Stone Rape Story Lawsuit The reporter was found liable with malice on six claims.
'I Was Naive' Says Subject Of Discredited Rolling Stone Rape Story Columbia Journalism School described the story as \a journalistic failure.\
Rolling Stone Defamation Trial The 2014 story \u201cA Rape on Campus\ was debunked and retracted.
What All First-Generation College Students Must Know Maybe I\u2019m just not meant to go to college, I remember thinking, in tears.
Rolling Stone Defamation Trial Over UVA Rape Story Begins \A Rape on Campus
On Behalf Of The Amherst Men's Soccer Team That is not our locker room.
Jimmy Carter, Donald Trump And Violence Against Women In November of 2014 I attended a lecture by former President Jimmy Carter in Memorial Church at Harvard. He spoke about Violence
From Chennai To New York Julia Gillard, Education Comissioner & Former Australian Prime Minister Kailash Satyarthi, Education Comissioner & Nobel
10 Things I Learned While Everyone Else Was Getting Married The truth is nothing can complete someone but themselves.
Mad About Brock Turner? Maybe You Shouldn't Be. This should surprise no one.
How To Figure Out What You Should Do For A Living When you're 23, you don't know that being great at writing emails can be the framework for a job.
Judge Who Sentenced Brock Turner Quits Criminal Court Judge Aaron Persky believes switching to civil court will reduce \distractions that threaten to interfere\ with his duties.
I Don't Use My Parents As A Piggy Bank, And Neither Should You Parents, the best gift you can give your kids is financial education.
Stanford's New Hard Liquor Ban Actually Isn't Unusual Such regulations have become more popular since Dartmouth College adopted a ban in 2015.
Graduate Students At Private Universities Can Now Unionize A big decision against Columbia University could impact private universities throughout the country.
I\u2019m With Her, And So Should You! On the whole, I think I\u2019m a pretty average college student. I go to class, go out on the weekends, and have Dominoes
Why I Went To Summer Camp I had no idea what I was getting myself into.
Starr Leaves Baylor University Faculty Post After Sex Assault Scandal The resignation is effective immediately.
A 'Slush Fund' At Mr. Jefferson's University? Public higher education institutions often plead poverty, as many state legislatures have cut their support.  These reductions have, in turn, prompted many schools to shift more costs to students and their families, a scenario that partially explains the almost overnight explosion in student debt.
Data Complicates Student\u2019s Claim That Columbia Is Biased Against Men In Sexual Assault Cases The university finds most accused students not responsible in campus rape cases.
Colleges Rarely Apologize For Mishandling Rape Cases, And Survivors Are Sick Of It A social media campaign is demanding that schools do the \bare minimum\ by saying sorry.
Law Professors Defend Use Of Preponderance Standard In Campus Rape Cases Arguing for a higher standard of proof would mean sexual harassment is treated differently than any other type of discrimination, they assert.
Are Professors Too Liberal? Are college professors too liberal?  Do we need more conservative professors?  Has a lack of political diversity turned campuses into centers of liberal indoctrination?
These Researchers Are Trying To Take The Guesswork Out Of Combating Sexual Assault For too long, colleges haven't tracked whether their policies and programs are effective.
What Redditors Wish They Knew Before Starting College Major \ud83d\udd11 alert
On 50th Anniversary Of First Campus Mass Shooting, Texas Students Can Now Carry Guns A grim way to mark half a century since the Bell Tower attack.
9 Things To Make The Most Out Of Your High School Senior Year As the summer break nears its end, many of you will start off with our senior year of high school. Having graduated high
114 Colorado Professors Condemn Donald Trump's Rhetoric As He Speaks At UCCS Campus The GOP candidate may have a legal right to speak, but he's awful, the professors say.
New Jersey Student Loan Agency To Staff It\u2019s yet another obstacle for borrowers from the country\u2019s largest state-based college loan program.
Who's Fighting For College For The Forgotten Majority? Adult college students are struggling too.
Democrats Want To Open More Doors To College, But Can They Help Students Graduate? It's unclear if the Democratic Party platform could actually increase the number of low-income Americans earning college degrees.
Debt-Free College Isn't As Simple As Waiving Tuition If you're going to a public college, tuition is only one part of your financial worries.
College Presidents In Cleveland Would Rather Not Talk About Donald Trump Most have nothing to say about the man being nominated for president in their city.
The Republican Plan For Higher Education \u201cRepublicans are very concerned that we get a good return on the money we are spending.\u201d
Yale Worker Facing Felony Charge For Breaking Stained-Glass Window Depicting Slaves \u201cIt\u2019s 2016, I shouldn\u2019t have to come to work and see things like that.\u201d
Students From Donald Trump's Alma Mater Some 1,400 students and alumni from the Wharton School condemned the GOP candidate's \prejudice and intolerance.\
For White People Who Believe Colorblindness Is Enough If we don\u2019t see race, we can\u2019t see racism.
I Graduated. Where's My Job? Nowadays, most college students are so busy attending classes and working full or part-time, that they are not always thinking
Transgender Men Now Allowed To Join One Of Nation's Oldest Fraternities \We hope this opens the door to further discussion about inclusivity.\u201d
Major LGBT Rights Group Condemns Harvard Policy On Final Clubs Campus Pride says students should have the right to join the influential single-sex organizations.
Obama, Biden Won't Visit Universities That Fall Short In Addressing Sexual Assault The vice president said he'd like to take away federal funding from those universities.
UCLA Professor Accused Of Sexually Harassing Grad Students Is Returning History professor Gabriel Piterberg took a European fellowship while he was serving a suspension.
Rolling Stone Wins Lawsuit Dismissal Over Debunked UVA Rape Story Rolling Stone apologized for \discrepancies\ in the article, but 3 members of a UVA fraternity claimed it harmed them.
Thomas Pogge Has 'Done Damage' To Yale Philosophy Department, Colleague Says More professors are vowing to not work with the well-known philosophy professor in light of recent allegations of sexual harassment.
An Alarming Number Of Cal State Students Go Hungry, And The University Is Trying To Find Ways To Help The university system is hosting a conference this week to figure out how to address the problem.
The Best Advice From Obama's Commencement Speeches As President Let's recap what he told grads over the past 8 years.
How Feminist Academics Dealt With An Ethics Professor Accused Of Harassment Philosophy professors have worked behind the scenes for years to warn people about allegations against Thomas Pogge.
Dear Graduate We can acknowledge the past, honor and celebrate it, but we shouldn\u2019t get stuck there.
Facing The Coach That Gave My Rapists A One-Game Suspension In a few days I will board a plane to Lincoln, Nebraska. As the day draws near I find myself becoming more anxious and emotional
Wharton Class of 2016 Graduation Speech \Do not forget how blessed we have been and that what ignites true happiness is giving back.\
Vanderbilt Rape Trial Finds Brandon Vandenburg Guilty He could face up to 25 years in prison for the rape of an unconscious woman in 2013.
Valencia College Mourns 7 Of Its Students Killed In Pulse Nightclub Shooting The college president urges hugs and support for Hispanic, LGBT and Muslim students impacted by the attack.
Prosecutor In Rape Trial But his defense attorney blames it all on drinking and partying.
Ken Burns Offers Blistering Takedown Of Donald Trump In Stanford Commencement Speech \Asking this man to assume the highest office in the land would be like asking a newly minted car driver to fly a 747.\
'A House Divided Against Itself Cannot Stand' You are the latest generation and you are, whether you are yet aware of it or not, charged with saving our Union.
Stanford Sexual Assault The rape survivor support group meeting at Stanford University on Tuesday started with birthday cake. But when the sweets
Brock Turner Lied About His Past With Drugs And Alcohol He said he \never really\ used alcohol. Court records show otherwise.
UCLA To Launch Taskforce Into Campus Shooting (Reuters) - A week after a gunman shot and killed a UCLA professor and then himself, the university has begun a security
Students Want Stanford To Apologize For Brock Turner's Sexual Assault A petition with nearly 60,000 signatures says the university should acknowledge its role in the campus attack.
Ohio State University Disciplines 85 Veterinary Students For Cheating (Reuters) - Eighty-five students have been disciplined for cheating on quizzes and tests at Ohio\u00a0State University veterinary
Festival Drops Band Whose Drummer Supported Brock Turner Good English's drummer blamed political correctness for the ex-Stanford swimmer's sexual assault conviction.
Former Football Star Brian Banks, Who Served Five Years For Rape He Didn\u2019t Commit, Disgusted By Brock Turner Ruling Brian Banks, a promising high school football player who had committed to play at Southern Cal, was an innocent man accused
Commencement Speakers Remind Grads It's OK To Take Their Time There will be good and bad times, but it's worth living through it all.
Here Is The Powerful Letter The Stanford Victim Read Aloud To Her Attacker A former Stanford swimmer who sexually assaulted an unconscious woman was sentenced to six months in jail because a longer
This Year's Commencement Speakers Want Grads To Try A Little Peace, Love And Understanding Our civil discourse has gone off the rails, and it's up to the Class of 2016 to help fix it.
Oregon State University To Open A Dorm For Recovering Addicts Students in recovery for drug or alcohol addiction will have a new housing option just for them.
The 'Heartbreaking' Messages From 9-Year-Olds In The Age Of Trump \I am worried that the next president will bring back racism.\
University Of Akron President Resigns After Financial Controversies The university once spent $556 on an olive jar for his home.
Do College Students Care More About Mental Health Than Administrators? Non-profit organizations have been created to help college administrations better respond to mental health challenges.
Harry Edwards Tells Graduates To Become The Next 'Greatest Generation' \Always remember, a struggle is not easy \u2013 that is why it is called a 'struggle' rather than a 'picnic.'\
Harry Connick, Jr. Tells Grads Uncertainty can be a benefit.
States Investing The Most In Higher Education The total cost of attending college in the United States has risen dramatically in recent decades \u2014 faster than inflation
A Harvard Grad's Mom Once Lit His Hand On Fire. Here's What He Learned From That. That event 15 years ago helped inspire his career goals.
Arianna Huffington Also, it's rude.
University Of Oregon Fraternity Suspended After Trashing Lake Shasta During Wild Party Weekend \My personal guess is they have no respect for mankind.\
Univision Anchor Booed At Commencement After Speaking Spanish, Mentioning Trump Graduates reportedly yelled things like \Trash!\ and \Get off the stage!\
College Chancellor Decides His Cell Phone Is More Important Than Graduation A professor said he used it for 40 minutes while onstage!
Arianna Huffington Tells Grads They Must 'Recharge And Refuel' To Show Real Leadership If you don't take care of yourself, you aren't going to be able to help others, she said.
UW Madison Frat Suspended Over Racial Slurs The university said the SAE chapter created an environment that breeds discrimination.
Designing Ways To Move Beyond Diversity On Campus How a liberal arts college attracted students from all walks of life -- and decided that wasn\u2019t enough.
Mount Holyoke Commencement Speaker Thanks Activists For Their 'Disruption' \You\u2019ve challenged the forces of racism by disrupting the veneer of complacency, to speak the truth.\
The #SleepRevolution College Tour Hits Over 300 College Campuses When the #SleepRevolution College Tour launched in April,\u00a050 college campuses signed on to host fairs, pajama parties and
Condoleeza Rice Tells Grads To Find People They Disagree WIth \Don\u2019t allow yourself the easy course of the constant amen to everything that you say.\u201d
UC Berkeley Wins #SleepRevolution Tour's Biggest Prize Nap your hearts out, Bears!
Cory Booker To GWU Grads The New Jersey senator urged the Class of 2016 to push for a better world.
Sheryl Sandberg Talks About Husband's Death In Personal Commencement Speech \For months, no matter what I did, it felt like the crushing grief would always be there.\
Millennial Grads Refuse to Let Ignorance Triumph For the long game, place your bets on this year's graduating class. Their immediate prospects may have been hobbled by standardized tests and a rigged economy. But when push comes to shove, they know what matters. They understand the virtues of compassion and courage.
Professors Are Being Forced To Reveal Sexual Assault Confidences, Like It Or Not Many colleges are adopting mandatory reporting policies.
Military College Citadel Denies American Muslim's Hijab Request \The Commandant of Cadets, after considerable review, determined the uniform exception cannot be granted.\
Colleges Pressured By Feds To Avoid Asking About Criminal Records On Applications The Education Department wants colleges to \ban the box.\
Bill Clinton Tells Grads To Focus On The Future, Not On Getting Even For The Past The 42nd president called for unity during his commencement speech.
Oliver Stone Warns UConn Grads \You may have hidden talents, skills, passions, you just don't recognize them yet.\
Penn State President 'Appalled' By Media Coverage Of Paterno Cover-Up Allegations Eric Barron says he's \appalled by the rumor, innuendo and rush to judgment that have accompanied the media stories surrounding these allegations.\
Beating Of Black Iowa Student Investigated As A Hate Crime The 19-year-old had his front teeth knocked out and needed a dozen stitches.
Georgia Governor Vetoes Guns On Campus Bill No one bothered to address his concern that guns could be taken into daycare centers on campuses.
University Of California Regent Violated Ethics Rules, Review Finds A secret 2015 report found that a doctor on the UC board of regents tried to negotiate a deal between his eye clinics and UCLA, and engaged in discussions in which he had a financial interest. He denied wrongdoing but resigned as chair of the regents\u2019 health committee.
Michael Bloomberg Slams 'Safe Spaces' And 'Trigger Warnings' In Speech To College Grads A cranky Boomer tells Millennials to toughen up.
Yale Keeps Residential College Named After White Supremacist \u201cWe cannot erase American history but we can confront it, teach it, and learn from it,\ the university president said.
How To Get Students On The Autism Spectrum To Succeed In College One program shows how a little support goes a long way
UC Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi Placed On Leave Over Claims Of Ethics Violations Katehi has come under scrutiny since the Sacramento Bee published documents it said showed the university paid consultants to quash negative posts about the school.
Commencement 2016 Lineup \ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93
Massachusetts Unveils First U.S. College Tuition Rebate Program Massachusetts on Thursday unveiled what state officials called the first initiative in the country to offer tuition rebates
Kansas State Refused To Investigate Sexual Assaults Because They Happened Off-Campus, Lawsuit Says Both women suing the school said they were raped at fraternity events.
UC Davis Chancellor Apologizes For Trying To Scrub Pepper Spray Incident From Google But she hasn't heeded the calls for her to resign.
University Apologizes For Telling The Wrong Students They'd Been Accepted Apology, accepted?
College Paper Ad Warns Prospective Students That Rape Could Be Part Of The Price Of Admission A print ad appearing in Harvard University\u2019s student newspaper on Saturday has a controversial message for students
California Lawmakers Want UC Davis Chancellor To Resign SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A California lawmaker on Thursday joined at least three of his colleagues in seeking the resignation
These Are The College Campuses Dotted With Hateful Pro-Trump Graffiti People have chalked things like \Deport them all\ and \Build that wall\ in public spaces.
Trojan Condoms Is On A National Consent Campaign On College Campuses #AskforConsent
Michelle Obama Gave Sasha And Malia Some Great College Advice \u201cI don\u2019t want them to think, \u2018Oh I should go to these top schools.\u2019\
How Students Decorated Their Dorm Rooms In 1900 Established in 1845 by the final Congress of the Republic of Texas, Baylor University in Waco is the state\u2019s oldest continually
#SleepRevolution College Tour Gets Students Thinking About Zzzs Snooze on, students!
Stanford Refuses Call For A New Sexual Assault Survey Students claim the last survey produced a distorted picture of the reality on campus.
What People On Campus Are Saying About HuffPost's College Sleep Tour \ud83d\ude34
Yale Could Rename Calhoun College. Why Hasn't It Made A Decision Yet? Under Peter Salovey, the Yale Corporation gains influence. And it's slowing things down.
Why The Huffington Post Is Going On A Sleep Tour On College Campuses The motto \Sleep, grades, social life
Live-Blogging The #SleepRevolution College Tour At over 50 campuses across America, we are partnering with major brands to start a cultural conversation around sleep\u2019s importance.
More Berkeley Professors Shown To Have Violated Sexual Misconduct Policy New documents revealed sexual misconduct at the university involving twelve staff members.
UVA's 'Jackie' From Discredited Rolling Stone Article To Be Deposed In Lawsuit A dean claims the magazine defamed her in the article as a villain in Jackie's case.
George Mason Tweaks Scalia Law School Name Over Unfortunate 'ASSoL' Acronym Sophisticated humor.
Princeton Won't Distance Itself From Woodrow Wilson However, the university said it \needs to be honest and forthcoming about its history.\
How One Tiny Vermont College Is Taking On Big Agriculture A small school uses its \large voice\ to call for a new approach to farming.
UC Berkeley Announces Another Sexual Assault Task Force, And A Review Board For Sanctions But after multiple federal complaints and lawsuits, some students are skeptical of another task force on sexual assault.
It Just Got Easier For Detroit Students To Pay For College Some rare good news for kids in the struggling school district.
Why More Americans Should Study Abroad 
Paul Nungesser's Suit Against Columbia Over Mattress Protest Is Dismissed Emma Sulkowicz's art project received international attention, and he insists the school should have done something about it.
Melissa Click Appeals Her Firing From Mizzou The board \bowed to conservative voices that seek to tarnish my stellar 12-year record,\ she says.
Asian Americans Need to Own Their Identities and Start Standing Up for Themselves It's so ironic that a culture that cares so much about concepts like honor does so little to actively address affronts on their dignity. Asian culture emphasizes stability, but seems to undervalue the sanctity of feeling safe and empowered in one's own skin.
Texas A&M Student Who Allegedly Taunted Black High School Kids Has Left Campus One student was suspected of making racially charged comments, according to initial reports.
'Till It Happens To You' A Capella Covers Are Going To Give You Chills Students are making covers to spread awareness about sexual assault, and they are hauntingly good.
Middlebury Bans Energy Drink Sales, Citing Link To 'High-Risk Sex' A student argued that selling the drinks on campus promoted a culture of stress and bad work habits.
Title IX Official Resigns After Being Accused Of Sexual Assault An Indiana University Bloomington administrator was accused of assaulting an NYU student conduct official.
Unique Job for Teens Leads to Full-Ride College Scholarships Caddying offers more than merely employment for young men and women. It affords exposure to successful role models, new friends and life lessons. Better yet, it gives those who might not otherwise have the opportunity to attend college a chance at a higher education.
UW-Whitewater Chancellor Reprimands Students After Mistaking Skincare Product For Blackface Two students trying to improve their skin were condemned in a campus-wide email as \racist.\
These Startups Want To Create College Media Powerhouses Several new websites are challenging  \dinosaurs\ at campus newspapers, as they overhaul reporting on campus.
Purdue University Staffer Quits Amid Furor Over Rape Threat Claim The employee said an anti-abortion group fabricated the threats and the university took sides against him.
Outdated Pell Rules May Discriminate Against Low-Income Students Federal grants cannot be used for many post-secondary courses that lead to good jobs.
Mizzou Chancellor Condemns 'Verbal Assault' By Melissa Click During Homecoming Parade New footage emerged of the controversial professor clashing briefly with police in October.
Not the Disruption We Need It's one thing for a board to hire a president who can incite necessary change; it's quite another to pour gasoline all over the house.
Why Sororities Are Creating Campaigns To Challenge Stereotypes They're not letting any pushback hold the campaigns down, either.
Fallout Continues In Student Conduct Group's Sexual Assault Case The accuser says an investigation into her claims was handled \unfairly.\
College President Fires Professors Who Criticized His 'Drown The Bunnies' Comment [UPDATE] \You just have to drown the bunnies ... put a Glock to their heads,\ the school's leader apparently told professors.
Professor To 'Part Ways' With College Over Comments About Islam Professor Hawkins said Christians and Muslims \worship the same God.\
Higher Education Group Roiled By Sexual Assault Claim Against Board Member The organization trains administrators to handle sexual misconduct cases on campus.
Leaked Racist Emails Reveal 'Toxic' Culture At University Of Chicago Fraternity Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity members at the University of Chicago referred to a Muslim student-activist on campus as a \u201cterrorist
Runaway Goat! Search For University Research Animal Enters Fifth Day School officials say the goat is in \excellent health and poses no public health risk.\
College Students Are Listing Their Dorms On Airbnb, And Getting In Trouble For It We found listings for dorm rooms at campuses in New York, Philly and Chicago.
University Of Delaware Police Release Drake Parody \You can call us on your cell phone whenever you need our help.\
In Boston, Student MBTA Passes Are an Equity Issue It's no secret that the T is suffering from significant financial and structural problems, including a $242 million budget deficit and aging trains that often fail to run in cold and snowy conditions. But many parents are already struggling to send their children to school, and finding the extra money for a fare hike seems like an unfair burden.
How a Homestay Will Make Your Experience Abroad Richer Many students are deterred from opting for a homestay when weighing their study abroad choices, simply because they don't want to live with strangers. However staying with a local family, living and breathing the culture and being a participant in your new country will make your experience so much more beneficial in all aspects of your trip.
Mizzou Professor Who Called For 'Muscle' Against Student Reporter Suspended She's also been charged with misdemeanor assault.
Mizzou Chancellor Says He's Not Going To Rush To Fire Melissa Click Due process must play out for the tenured professor, he says.
What Are States Going To Do To Make Higher Ed More Affordable? Students who applied early to the University of New Hampshire will know by the end of the month if they were accepted. Then
FSU Settles Lawsuit Over Jameis Winston Rape Allegations The school allegedly covered up a rape to protect the prized football program.
Stanford Has A Trust Problem When It Comes To Sexual Assault Activists and student government leaders say the school is putting its public image above fixing the problem.
Professor Says She Was Fired Unconstitutionally For Cursing Teresa Buchanan's lawsuit against LSU blames the federal government for her termination.
Obama Administration Wants To Expand The Pell Grant Program By $2 Billion Some students could get a reward for taking at least 15 credits a semester.
'Whiteness History Month' Stirs Up Controversy At Oregon College It's not what you think.
Bard College Now Facing 3 Federal Complaints Over Sexual Assault Recent allegations say the college referred to choking as \erotic asphyxiation without consent.\
Hillary Clinton Gets Very Little Support On Yik Yak During Democratic Debate Yik Yak posts show young voters are \feeling the Bern\ and aren't big fans of Hillary.
12 Great Reasons to Study Abroad Studying abroad widens your perspective of the world. By integrating yourself into a community and culture different from your own, you gain a better understanding of the world and that can make you a more empathetic and well-rounded person overall.
UMD Reviewing Study That Suggests Chocolate Milk Can Help Football Players Who Had Concussions University officials said not to rely on what they stated in their press release.
People Are Complaining To The Wrong Wheaton College *head desk*
Aristocracy Or Meritocracy? Just 3 Percent Of Kids At Top Colleges Are Low-Income The admissions process at prestigious universities tends to favor the well-off.
Ithaca College President Announces Retirement After Campus Protests Students demanded Tom Rochon's retirement for his handling of racial tensions on campus.
UVA's Jackie Must Turn Over Documents Related To Rolling Stone Rape Story CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) -- A young woman at the center of a debunked article in Rolling Stone magazine about a campus gang
Another College Takes Back Bill Cosby Honorary Degree The entertainer's lawyers sought to dismiss criminal charges in suburban Philadelphia.
These Are The States Where College Students Are Hardest Hit By Tuition Hikes 
Professor Threatened With Firing Says Wheaton College Is Changing The Rules She challenged the Christian college's version of events in a news conference Wednesday.
Forget Pundits, This Is What People On Yik Yak Say About Obama's Gun Control Action These posts on an app popular on college campuses provide a glimpse into how students feel about the announcement.
Law School Sends Acceptance Emails To Thousands Who Never Applied Who needs the LSATs?
Penn State Frat Won't Face Criminal Charges For Hazing HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan 5 (Reuters) - Members of a Penn State University fraternity will not face criminal charges for hazing
What Three College Presidents Learned From Campus Racism Protests Students aren't naively demanding that colleges make the world perfect, these leaders say.
These Are Messages Sexual Assault Survivors Want You To Hear A new app is helping victims regain their voice.
Higher One Must Repay Millions To Students Over 'Deceptive' Financial Aid Practices Regulators say the campus debit card giant failed to tell students how to avoid fees related to their financial aid.
Bernie and Bloat Is administrative bloat real?  And to what extent is growth in administrative salary lines responsible for the increased cost of higher education?
Faculty Sharply Divided On Mounting Cost Of College Athletics At universities outside \power\ conferences, deep concern about the huge sports tab, HuffPost's survey reveals
University Moves To Fire Professor Who Is Sandy Hook Truther BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) \u2014 Florida Atlantic University has taken steps to fire a professor who has repeatedly raised questions
Actually, Some People Do Wish They Slept More In College And plenty of campuses are busting the myth that sleep is just time wasted.
Why The Founder Of The Notorious Bored@Baker Finally Shut The Site Down Despite the cesspool of a website at one campus, he thinks there's a way to build positive communities elsewhere.
The Re-Education of Justice Scalia Justice Scalia should know better; if nothing other than judicial temperament could guide him, he should know that a wise judge must think twice before opening his mouth to say something really stupid and highly prejudicial in front of the parties arguing their case before him.
Yale Concludes SAE Fraternity Didn't Have A Racist Halloween Party Were members aggressive and disrespectful? Yes. But not racist.
Gun Advocates Plan Mock Shooting At University Of Texas In Austin The campus was the site of the first mass shooting on an American college campus.
Yale Faculty Member Who Wrote Controversial Halloween Email Stops Teaching Her email was tame, but the backlash became too much.
Fraternity Surprises 12-Year-Old Cancer Patient In Most Adorable Way Bravo, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Bravo.  \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Campus Ministry To GOP Lawmakers Clergy, faculty and students are sticking up for the University of Tennessee's efforts to be inclusive.
Ivy League Universities Drop The Term 'Master' Amid debates about systemic racism, elite schools make a symbolic change.
Rural Colleges Are The Best Our small towns are vibrant hubs for innovation and creative collaborations because we all need to pull together to tackle community issues.
Liberty University President \Let's teach them a lesson if they ever show up here.\
Fraternity Group Declares 'A New Day' With Reform Package The trade organization plans a PR blitz and wants fraternities to speak with a \unified\ voice.
National Fraternity Group Plans To Keep Up Lobbying Efforts Following \constant media scrutiny,\ fraternities are plotting to launch a \sophisticated\ public relations effort in the coming years.
Man Arrested For Allegedly Making Threats Against Black Students At Western Washington University The male student was booked into jail on suspicion of felony malicious harassment.
Charter Bus Carrying College Students Overturns, Injuring Dozens RICHMOND, Va. (AP) \u2014 A charter bus carrying college students to three Virginia campuses overturned, leaving one person seriously
'Dorm Room Chemist' Pleads Guilty In Wesleyan Drug Overdoses He sold the drug from his dorm room and counseled students on how to take them.
Free Community College Is Already Happening In Red And Blue States Several different programs across the country could show us how to get every high school student the option of free community college.
Gun Threat Prompts Class Cancellation At University Of Chicago \It was pretty specific in terms of time and place.\
FSU Official Says Athletes Get Favorable Treatment Most sexual assault victims don't press charges due to fear, she says.
30 People Were Injured In A Bloody Pillow Fight At West Point, So It's Banned Now Plebes suffered injuries like a broken nose, fractured cheek and multiple concussions.
University Of Kentucky Will Cover Controversial Mural LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- University of Kentucky President Eli Capilouto has decided to cover a campus mural from 1934 that
Western Washington University Shuts Down Due To Racist Threat And Online Hate Speech \I need to be very clear here
Princeton Students Protest Protesters Some students are fighting back against attempts to highlight Woodrow Wilson's racist legacy.
Florida Frat Suspended After Woman Dies After Attending Their Party She had gone to a formal event at a hotel off-campus.
University Of Kansas Professor Investigated For Racial Slur Students say Andrea Quenette made \deeply disturbing remarks\ during a class discussion about race.
Missing Maryland College Student Who Prompted Campus Closure Found Dead He was wanted on four charges after displaying an antique gun at his frat house.
Castleton University Would Like Its Mascot Costume Back It's been gone for a month.
Brown University Will Spend $100 Million To Improve Race Relations PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- Brown University says it plans to spend $100 million over the next decade to address diversity and
This University President Is Sick of Reading About Pampered, Coddled Students It must be easier for conservative columnists to fret about those crazy students instead of focusing on the intellectual wasteland sprouting from what was supposed to be their think tank driven \revolution of ideas.\ These writers are aghast that students from groups long discriminated against aren't just grateful to their institutions for allowing them on campus.
An Open Letter to Florida State University President Thrasher We respectfully but emphatically disagree with your criticisms of our film The Hunting Ground. Instead of making unwarranted and unsubstantiated attacks on the film, we urge you to take a leadership role in addressing the problem of sexual assault that exists on your campus and far too many others.
Your College Dean Might Be Spying On Your Yik Yak Posts Most college officials surveyed say they monitor social media feeds.
University Of North Dakota Picks 'Fighting Hawks' To Replace Native American Nickname The NCAA said their old nickname was \hostile and abusive.\
Hundreds Of Occidental College Students Demand The School's President Quit The president said last week, \I'm happy to resign.\
A Missing Student Who May Have A Gun Is Prompting Washington College To Close Until After Thanksgiving The student was kicked out of his frat, resigned from student government and was going to face an honor code hearing.
Princeton Students Confront University President Over Woodrow Wilson's Legacy The Princeton president acknowledges the former U.S. president was a \racist,\ but says there are \no easy answers here.\
Few Black Faculty Are Employed At Flagship Public Universities Most schools have around 1-in-20 faculty that are black.
Harvard University Evacuates Four Buildings After 'Unconfirmed' Bomb Threat The threat comes three days after the Paris attacks.
Campus Racism Protests Didn't Come Out Of Nowhere, And They Aren't Going Away Quickly Mizzou seems to have catalyzed years of tension over inequality and race.
Racial Tensions Grow At University Of Kansas LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) \u2014 Racial tensions are growing at the University of Kansas with a call for three top Student Senate leaders
University Of Missouri Starts Reviewing Demands From Student Activists The demands are strikingly similar to those from 1969.
National Fraternity, Sorority Groups Withdraw Support For Safe Campus Act The groups gave up after spending months lobbying in favor of the bill.
Students Nationwide March For Free Public College \Change starts when people demand it in the street.\
Elon Football Player Demitri Allison Dies In 10-Story Fall An Elon University football player has died after falling from a 10-story dormitory on the campus of the University of North
Ex-Student Pleads Guilty In Connection With Wesleyan Drug Overdoses 10 students overdosed when they took what they thought was Molly.
Mizzou Administrator Who Tried To Block Journalist Put On Leave Janna Basler's actions amid this week's protests will be investigated.
Pressure Increases On Yik Yak To Do More About Harassment On The Anonymous App Campus activism is frequently met with online harassment.
Mizzou-Inspired Protests Coming At Other Colleges Ithaca president Tom Rochon, like Missouri's Wolfe, has been under fire for his perceived soft handling of racially sensitive incidents on campus.
Let's Not Lose Sight Of The Real Problems At Mizzou This isn't about the media.
Mizzou Police Arrest Man Suspected Of Threatening School He wasn't on campus while posting threats to social media, they say.
Some Students Want Harvard Law's Seal Changed Due To Slavery Connection They say it's a symbol of racism.
A Glance At Recent Racial Tension On American College Campuses A glance at several recent incidents on U.S. college campuses involving race
Fox Host Says He Would Have Replaced Mizzou Football Players \Fine, goodbye. We'll find 25 or 30 new ball players to sit in.\
Mizzou Announces Diversity Initiatives After Student Race Protests The measures aim to \ensure that our campuses are free of acts of hatred\ and \embody a culture of respect.\u201d
Mizzou Students Divided Over President\u2019s Resignation Student activists have presented the school with a list of demands for increasing campus diversity and acceptance.
University Of Missouri Football Team Joins Protests Against Campus Racism COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) \u2014 Long-simmering protests at the University of Missouri over matters of race and discrimination got a
Another Mizzou Leader Steps Down Amid Racism Protests University of Missouri Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin will transition to a new role in 2016.
What's Going On With The Protests At The University Of Missouri? Catching you up on why students are threatening to walk out this week.
Alabama Students Hang Ugly Hurricane Katrina Banner For Louisiana Rivals Banner beware!
Yale Admins' Comments On Offensive Halloween Costumes Spark Protest They criticized an email warning students to be culturally sensitive.
Investigation In Notre Dame Student-Tutor Sex Scandal Reveals Startling Accusations The student told an investigator his academic coach asked about the sex between him and her daughter, and about the condoms they used.
College Humor Is Using A Bear To Get Bros To Stop Dismissing Sexual Violence Would you care more about college sexual assaults if they were bear attacks?
Mizzou Law School Eliminates Policy That Banned Being Mean On Social Media The Student Bar Association says the policy was only meant to apply to members of a private Facebook group.
As College Tuition Spikes, Soup Kitchens Are The New Cafeteria The number of food banks on campuses across the U.S. has soared.
Professor Sues Navy Claiming His Free Speech Was Violated He criticized sexual assault prevention efforts he said put an unfair burden on male students.
There Is No College Bubble The student loan system works very well if the government is doing the lending.
Who Keeps Billions Of Taxpayer Dollars Flowing To For-Profit Colleges? These Guys Accreditation agencies are supposed to make sure that colleges are putting students in a position to succeed. That\u2019s not happening at schools overseen by one accreditor in particular.
Notre Dame Student Claims Tutor Pressured Him To Have Sex With Her Daughter His lawsuit against the school alleges the acts were \racially-charged.\
Winston-Salem State University Shooting Leaves 1 Dead, 1 Injured Both victims are believed to be students.
University Of Louisville Sorry A Bunch Of Its Staff Wore Sombreros And Fake Mustaches The president joined a number of employees wearing stereotypical Mexican garb.
George Lucas Foundation Donates $10 Million To USC Film School The money will help black and Latino students in the university's film school.
Frat Bros Who Beat Up Student Were Also Trying To Steal A Statue The attacked student suffered a concussion, several broken teeth, a ruptured eardrum and had a bruised lung.
After Sexual Assault, Woman Says University Lawyers Accessed Her Counseling Records Laura Hanson says University of Oregon attorneys obtained her counseling records without her permission. The university says it did nothing wrong, but has since changed its policy.
These Are The Colleges Where Students Stay Up On Dropbox The Latest. Nerds. Just go to bed.
This University Leader Showed How Colleges Should Own Up To Failures On Sexual Assault Cases Why a chancellor decided to apologize for his school's handling of campus rape cases.
2 University At Albany Students Charged After Pledge Dies In Hazing Incident Police say it happened at an unsanctioned fraternity initiation.
Indiana University Expels Student For Attack On Muslim Woman He's accused of shouting \white power\ and \kill the police\ as he grabbed her by the neck.
Judge Declines To Block University Of Dayton Player's Suspension For Sexual Assault The judge says he's \not likely to succeed on the merits of his claim.\
MIT Announces 'Action Plan' To Combat Global Warming BOSTON (AP) -- The Massachusetts Institute of Technology announced a five-year plan Wednesday to combat climate change but
Professor Accused Of Harassment Is Gone, But Debate Isn't Over Some say the University of Miami overreacted by forcing Colin McGinn out, but others say the school didn't do enough.
National Fraternity Group Deletes Webpage To Help Promote Campus Rape Bill The organization used statements from groups that do not support the legislation to argue in favor of it.
The Voice of a Misunderstood Black Millennial Voter As African-Americans and citizens of a country that values political participation, this country is always asking for political engagement from blacks but if it's not in the manner deemed appropriate, we are asked to sit down and be silent.
University Of California Will Review How Harassment Complaints Against Tenured Faculty Are Handled The president announced it after a controversy how recent allegations were handled.
What A Successful University Mental Health Program Looks Like On May 20, Karen Arkin was standing in the common room of her son's dormitory at Northwestern University. The day before
UConn Chef Says Drunk Mac And Cheese Kid Should Join The Military STORRS, Conn. (AP) -- A food service worker involved in a confrontation with a drunken University of Connecticut student
Georgia Tech Frat Punished After Members Allegedly Used Racial Slurs The alumni insist the racial slur allegation is false.
Berkeley Professor Resigns Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations Geoffrey Marcy\u2019s resignation was immediately accepted by UC Berkeley leadership.
UC Berkeley Defends Handling Of Astronomer's Sexual Harassment Charges He's basically on probation now for allegations dating back to 2001.
Drunk UConn Mac And Cheese Student Issues Apology Apparently, people wanted to send him mac and cheese.
Hundreds Welcome UCC Students Back To Campus For First Time Since Shooting They waved signs and displayed American flags above the road leading to campus.
UConn Students Want To Give Dining Hall Workers A Night Out After Viral Video Of Drunk Jerk The students who started the fundraiser are awesome. That drunk kid is not.
UCLA Frat Says No One Wore Blackface At 'Kanye Western' Party Multiple media reports say students wore blackface, but no photos have emerged to prove it.
UCLA Punter Arrested For Rape, Suspended From Team The investigation lasted nearly a year.
Knowing What To Do If There's A School Shooting Still Hazy At Colleges Some of them have yet to figure out how to get people to read, much less absorb, the information.
Eastern Kentucky University Cancels Classes, Citing Threatening Graffiti The graffiti said
ATO's National Office Revokes Charter From Indiana Chapter Over Oral Sex Video The national office says no pledge was forced to participate, but it's still \highly offensive.\
Harvard's Debate Team Loses To New York Prison Inmates They were arguing over whether whether
Princeton Gets Richer, Has $22.7 Billion Harvard and Yale are also getting richer.
Why Student Debt Is Worsening For College Graduates Three reasons that help explain what's happening.
North Dakota Sports Bar Doubles As University TV Studio FARGO, N.D. (AP) -- With North Dakota State enjoying a stretch of four straight national football titles since it moved up
Richard Dawkins Universities are supposed to expose you to ideas you disagree with, he declared.
Why A Pizza And Wine Night Is Better Than Going Out 
Home Isn't Where The Heart Is 
20 Ways Your Weekends Change After You Graduate College 
Campus Bookstore Is Sorry For Selling 'Perfect Female Specimen' Doll The inflatable doll was a mistake.
One Way To Make College Worth It A new report serves as an endorsement for the value of fraternities, sororities, honors colleges and other communities.
Colleges Offer Free Legal Help To Students' Startups MIT wants to make sure their students aren't stopped by state investigations, again.
Let's Make Higher Education Reform Equitable Sanders' College for All Act and Clinton's New College Compact both present universal reforms of student aid that are reasonable, much-needed, and fair to both public and independent colleges.
First Responder Pens Emotional Letter After Florida Student's Death \u201cI am sorry I failed you. I'm sorry you lost your life so soon.\u201d
Frat Guide Includes Freshman Hotness Scale To 'Get You Guys Laid' \Now this is a little creepy thing to do but necessary so let\u2019s keep this low key.\
Students Punished For Sexual Assault Should Have Transcripts Marked, Title IX Group Says Most colleges do not include any notation when students are sanctioned for sexual misconduct.
Those Weren't Nooses At University Of Delaware The University of Delaware says three items found hanging from a tree on campus were not nooses, but remnants of paper lanterns left over from an event.
We Know One Way To Stop Sexual Assault, But Students Aren't Doing It A survey of 150,000 students reveals a major gap.
A Single Letter Is Apparently Enough To 'Kill' Syracuse's Kiss Cam Um... are we serious here?
Virginia Task Force Says Liquor Agents Should Be Able To Make Arrests, Despite Screwing Up Multiple Times Arresting someone who bought bottled water, slamming innocent student to the ground are not enough to spur major changes.
More Charges On The Way In Connection With Baruch College Hazing Death Ten more people have been charged in Pennsylvania in the hazing death of a New York City fraternity pledge.
UVA Student Groups Urge Campus To Look Forward On Addressing Sexual Assault The feds say UVA mishandled dozens of cases.
Most Universities Plan To Release Individual Results Of AAU Survey It's one of the largest attempts to study student experiences with sexual assault in college.
As Joe Biden Visits, Ohio State Announces Several Steps To Address Campus Rape Joe Biden
More Colleges Are Using Gender-Free Pronouns Experts say it's fueled by changes in pop culture.
Placing Noose On Ole Miss Statue Results In 6 Months Of Prison For Student He pleaded guilty in June.
University Of California May Outlaw Intolerance, And Experts Say It'll Violate The First Amendment Free speech scholars are confused by the system's attempt to \uphold free speech by banning free speech.\
Nonprofit Started By Virginia Tech Families Declines To Support Safe Campus Act The bill would add new rules for college sexual assault investigations.
5 Fraternity Brothers Face Murder Charges For Hazing Death 32 other students from Baruch College also face criminal charges.
Graduating College Early May Not Always Be The Best Decision Students can save money by graduating early, but may miss out on other chances.
Few Colleges Cover Full Financial Need Only 62 out of 1,136 reviewed make the cut.
College Scorecard Sandbags Equity in Higher Education The College Scorecard completely ignores the increasingly non-traditional nature of the nation's undergraduate student body today, and instead, presents data as if most college students are privileged children whiling away four years in some grove of academic luxury.
Colleges Flush With Cash Saddle Poorest Students With Debt Many private universities with lavish endowments give little aid to poor students, according to new data.
Back To School And Already Bored? Try This! Seriously, though, you should pay attention in class.
\u2018Big Victory\u2019 ...But keeps $10 billion in holdings in other fossil fuel and energy industries.
Phallic-Looking Starship Causes Problems For Kansas State Marching Band Don't make your Star Trek references look so much like male genitalia next time.
Thoughts on Starting College for Parents of New Students Every year I speak to the families of new students at Wesleyan University just before they say goodbye and we start our semester. Having just dropped off my daughter (far from home) as she starts her first year in college, this was particularly poignant for me.
Gay Man Says North Dakota Frat Choked, Beat And Stripped Him He had to hide behind a bush in his underwear until a Good Samaritan gave him his clothes back.
Michigan State Took Too Long With Sexual Assault Cases, Federal Investigation Finds But the university isn't hiding its annoyance with the lengthy investigation.
Daily Pot Smoking On College Campuses Is At 35-Year High The amount of college students smoking daily has almost doubled in 8 years.
How NYC's Commissioner On Domestic Violence Wants Colleges To Address Rape The most important thing is to validate the victim's experience, according to Rosemonde Pierre-Louis.
Oregon Ducks Mascot Blows Glitter, Mocks Sorority Recruitment Videos Pretty on target.
Professors Try To Figure Out What 'Bae' And 'On Fleek' Mean \On fleek\? These professors can't even, but they do feel bad for everyone being on top of someone named \Fleek.\ Lehigh
University Of Kentucky Survey Finds Most Sexual Assault Cases On Campus Go Unreported Nearly 5 percent of students at the University of Kentucky say they were sexually assaulted in the past year, but most of the cases went unreported, according to a survey conducted by the college.
Yale Has A College Named After A Racist, But That Might Change NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) -- Yale University's leaders on Saturday urged a campus conversation about whether to change the name
University Removes Jefferson Davis Statue The decision comes in the wake of the South Carolina Confederate flag controversy.
Safety and Security Colleges and universities are soft targets for legislators; it doesn't take much moral courage for a Senator to beat up on a university that allows a predatory quarterback or arrogant frat boys to get away with horrible offenses against women.  Shame on the university presidents who have looked the other way.
Columbia Cites Free Speech In Defense Of Allowing Mattress Protest The school says letting the student continue her mattress protest was a \decision at the heart of academic freedom.\
Student Killed In Shooting At Savannah State University SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) \u2014 Authorities are investigating after a shooting at Savannah State University killed a student and prompted
Georgia Tech Investigating Fraternity For Alleged Racial Slurs ATLANTA, Aug 28 (Reuters) - The Georgia Institute of Technology is investigating allegations that white members of a campus
Janet Napolitano Discusses How Schools Should Handle Campus Rape University of California system President Janet Napolitano credited sexual assault survivors and their advocacy groups with raising the issue of rape on campus to a point where school leaders can no longer avoid the issue.
Americans Think Colleges Are Doing Are Bad Job Handling Sexual Assaults Across party lines, people aren't happy with colleges and universities.
Here Are The Months College Students Are More Likely To Experiment With New Drugs December could be when students try study drugs and painkillers.
New York State Police Create Unit Dedicated To Campus Rape Cases Officials say this is a first-in-the-nation team.
The Most 'Swiped Right' College Campuses, According To Tinder There isn't a ton of crossover between the guys and gals' rankings
Sigma Nu Chapter At Virginia Wesleyan Responds In The Best Way To Offensive Banners These are the real frat stars.
Carnegie Mellon Student Pleads Guilty To Making App That Would Spy On Android Phones The software allowed people to remotely control Android phones.
Activists Use Paper Bag Puppets To Mock University Of Akron Administrators This \ridiculous\ video is the only appropriate medium to mock school officials, the activists say.
Another Sigma Nu Chapter Suspended Over Offensive Remarks About Women It's the second Sigma Nu chapter this month accused of saying horrible things about women.
The 19 Most Generous Colleges In 2015 According To GrubHub Data A ranking to definitely be proud of.
Banners At Old Dominion University Declare Students' House A 'Freshman Daughter Drop Off' Site The university issued several statements this weekend to make sure everyone knows how awful they think the banners were.
Advice on College Application Essay Writing Because one essay will be a testament to your passions, strengths and character, it can be an important component of the application. Thus, it is worth spending some time to compose something that accurately represents you, and stands out against the backdrop of other applicants
Baylor Will Review Whether They Totally Botched Investigating Football Player Who Raped Student The school said there wasn't enough evidence to move forward on Sam Ukwuachu's charges, but a court just convicted him of sexual assault.
UCF Frat That Chanted 'Let's Rape Some B*****s' Did Not Break Rules, School Says ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A University of Central Florida discipline panel says a fraternity that was suspended over a member's
The 12 Colleges With The Biggest Sweet Tooth, 2015 Ranking By GrubHub Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake.
The University Of Texas Makes Major Investment To Address Deficits In Campus Sexual Assault Research The university system is putting $1.7 million into a multiyear effort.
Back Away From Students' Medical Records, Feds Warn Colleges Schools were accused of looking at sexual assault victims' therapy history.
Man Falls To His Death Trying To Save Suicidal Teenager In Hawaii The man was reportedly attempting to bring the distraught teen in from a ledge.
Some Students Are Living In College Employees' Basements It's not unusual for students to get sent to living in dorm alternatives like hotels, rival schools or even a waterpark.
Hey College Students, Going On A Roof Or Balcony After Drinking Is Dangerous Far too many college students are injured, or killed, falling from high places.
Alabama Sorority Video Called 'Worse For Women Than Donald Trump' Such videos are pretty common, but this one is getting a ton of attention.
Andrew Lohse's Memoir About Frat Life At Dartmouth Might Become A Movie The memoir about binge drinking, hazing and cocaine use at a Dartmouth College fraternity might become a movie.\u00a0 Confessions
Frat Suspended After 'Rape Some B*****s' Comment Caught On Tape The recording follows rape allegations that led to a student's suspension.
'Drunk Mode' App Is Redefining the College Party Experience With the amount of pressures being placed on college students to succeed in today's culture, this app is extremely important in being able to provide students with a virtual buddy system to keep track of their emotional needs and location, when they perhaps wouldn't be able to do it themselves.
Do Trigger Warnings On Campus Cause More Harm Than Good? In an age of political correctness, these two men think it can discourage open discussion.
University Of Illinois Plans To Fire Chancellor, Won't Give Her A Bonus The chancellor was caught using private email accounts to avoid public scrutiny of their communications on university business.
University Of Texas Will Remove Jefferson Davis Statue \While every historical figure leaves a mixed legacy, I believe Jefferson Davis is in a separate category, and that it is not in the university's best interest to continue commemorating him on our Main Mall.\
University Of Kansas Under More Scrutiny On Sexual Assault Cases The federal government is reviewing how the school navigated a series of complicated laws.
Clemson Pledge Was Forced To Walk Narrow Bridge Railing Before His Death, New Documents Claim The family of a deceased pledge claims the fraternity tried to cover what happened.
Cincinnati Campus Police Had Surge In Citations Against Black Motorists And Pedestrians CINCINNATI (AP) -- The University of Cincinnati police chief has expressed alarm after a newspaper found a recent surge of
Virginia Alcohol Agents Involved In Bloody Arrest Return To Duty The agency won't say what they found in the review of the controversial arrest.
These Groups Are Hoping To Help First-Generation College Students Make It To Graduation Two unique programs aimed at helping students make it through school are having a big impact.
Why It Matters University Of Illinois Officials Used Private Emails For Work CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (AP) -- University of Illinois Chancellor Phyllis Wise's surprise resignation was followed closely by an
Virginia Wesleyan College Demands Rape Victim's Entire Sexual History The school says these details will help establish Jane Doe's credibility.
University Of Illinois Chancellor Resigning Following Multiple Controversies URBANA, Ill. (AP) -- University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Chancellor Phyllis Wise said Thursday that she is resigning
Cincinnati City Council Votes To Limit University Cops Patrolling Off Campus CINCINNATI (AP) -- The Cincinnati City Council voted unanimously Wednesday to suspend the off-campus patrols of University
Cincinnati Shooting Begs The Question The campus cop's shooting of an unarmed black man raises other questions.
Education Department Opens Investigation Of Grinnell College, But Not Because It Asked For It The small, progressive college wanted a federal review. The Education Department declined that request, but is still opening an investigation.
Rolling Stone Sued By UVa Students Over Rape Story The backlash for Rolling Stone over  an inaccurate rape story continues.
George Washington University Drops Admissions Test Requirements The D.C. university joins a host of other schools ditching their SAT and ACT requirements.
USC And UC San Diego Are Fighting Over A Research Project, But Now A Judge Has Intervened LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A judge has ruled that control of a landmark project on Alzheimer's disease belongs to the University
Spelman College Drops Bill Cosby Professorship Spelman's move follows the release of a document where Cosby admits getting drugs to give women for sex
New Jersey Colleges Might Have To Disclose Their Data About On-Campus Suicides The legislation was drafted in response to the death of Madison Holleran at the University of Pennsylvania.
Cosby's Lawyer Faces Call To Step Down As Chair Of Temple Trustees The university is standing behind Patrick O'Connor, who served with Bill Cosby on Temple's Board of Trustees.
University Of California Raises Minimum Wage To $15 State law only requires it to be $9  an hour.
When Colleges Threaten To Punish Students Who Report Sexual Violence Victims turn to their universities for help, but get warned that they, too, could face disciplinary charges.
Colleges Are Finding Ways To Increase Diversity Without Affirmative Action Sorry, legacy students.
College Junior Shares His Strategy For Getting The Most Out Of Tinder Dating apps make the opportunities for on-campus romance even more endless, and Armstrong State University student Kebin
UTC Greek Community Starts Online Fundraiser For Chattanooga Shooting Victims The fraternities and sororities of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga started an online fundraiser this week following
What Happened At A Texas Frat When They Thought No One Was Watching When Derek Elrod was rushing a fraternity at the University of North Texas (UNT) in the fall of 2013, he was having, as he
Clemson Officially Denounces 'Pitchfork Ben,' A Racist Founder Of The School The man, for whom one of the school's buildings is named, boasted about killing black people.
Yik Yak Is Now Allowing Users To Post Photos The company warns people against posting things they wouldn't send to their mother.
USF Student Who Deleted Emails About His Sexual Assault Charge Latest To Lose In Title IX Lawsuit Some male college students say their schools violated Title IX by disciplining them for sexual assault. They aren't having much luck in court.
Brooklyn Law School Offers Partial Refund If Grads Don't Get Jobs Brooklyn Law School is offering a 15 percent tuition refund to graduates who aren't able to find jobs of their choice within
New Study Challenges Assumptions About Serial Rapists On Campus Experts say we face a \whack-a-mole\ problem with campus rape.
Should Dixie State University Change Its Name To Drop Confederate Reference? \It's a bit of an embarrassment because of the connotations with it.\
Switching From A College To A University Could Mean More Money, More Students Even dropping the word \state\ could bring more money for school.
Dorm Room Essentials for the Student Traveler After traveling abroad, turn your new home into a first class cabin with our Pottery Barn picks.
Colleges Begin Establishing Exchange Programs In Cuba BOSTON (AP) -- As the U.S. and Cuba mend ties, colleges in both countries are forming partnerships that once were heavily
Universities Are Trying To Teach Faculty How To Spot Microaggressions Student activists demanded colleges make campuses more inclusive, and many universities are trying to do just that.
Education Department Dismisses Complaint From Asian Americans' Group Against Harvard WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Education Department on Tuesday dismissed a complaint against Harvard University by some Asian-American
Kenyon College Student Conducts The Weirdest Interviews In Videos For Prospective Students \We're currently on a hayride because you could say I might be a thrill-seeker, an adrenaline junky.\
Gates Foundation Proposes FAFSA Reform The Gates Foundation has 3 ideas to fix FAFSA.
Someone Vandalized A Clemson Building Named After A Racist Politician A campus building honoring a violent racist was hit with graffiti calling him a \violent racist.\
Commence to Move Forward Commencement is not only the day your diploma or degree is conferred, but the start of you using the knowledge you've gained to advance yourself and create more than income but a fulfilling life.
6 Tips to Boost Your Career Before beginning your job search, it's important for you to change your perspective. Job searching is more than just finding a \job;\ it's finding the right opportunity to broaden your experience and cultivate the necessary skills to propel you further in your career.
Fordham, Education Department Sued Over Student's Mental Health Records ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- A graduate student has sued Fordham University, seeking $5 million in damages and saying the college
SAE Fraternity Hires Woman To Lead Diversity Efforts Sigma Alpha epsilon faced national scrutiny in March when a chapter in Oklahoma was caught signing racist lyrics.
How Obama Reversed Course On College Ratings Administration bails on controversial college ratings system, but declare it's not a \retreat.\
LSU Insists Fired Professor Had A History Of 'Verbal Abuse' Against Students Teresa Buchanan says she was fired for cursing in class, LSU says it worse than that.
University Of Kansas Plans To Create Meditation Room The meditation room will exist in addition to the university's nondenominational chapel.
Family Sues Pi Kappa Phi, Cal State-Northridge Over Pledge's Death LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The family of a California college student who died during a grueling fraternity hike sued the organization
Clips From 'Game Of Thrones,' 'Girls' And Other HBO Shows Provide Life Advice For College Grads To go with it, HBO has preloaded a ton of GIFs with more advice over at Popkey.
Washington State Moves To Cut Public University Tuition By Up To 20 Percent Experts say this is a rare move that could influence other states
Liberal Arts-Professional Divide Is an Illusion A decade ago I might have revealed my perception that there existed a strange and even dirty little secret within the liberal arts college sector -- that many national liberal arts colleges have offered robust \professional\ programs, but that they could not talk about them openly.
Today We Celebrate, But Tomorrow We Get Back to Work People need to acknowledge, that though this is a huge victory, there are more victories to be had. I still have a lot to be thankful for as a cisgendered, straight male. It is still not easy to be a gay or transgendered person in the United States. But this is a definite positive. Today we celebrate, but tomorrow we get back to work.
4 Wishes For The Class of 2015 I believe your generation will do a better job than mine at fixing the problem of gender inequality. So we turn to you. You are the promise for a more equal world. Great leaders don't just develop people like them, they develop everyone. If you want to be a great leader, develop the women -- as well as the men -- at your companies.
Sign Up to Stand Up for Global Academic Freedom Perhaps the greatest threat to academic freedom may be the Department of Education, which has promoted a definition of harassment so broad that cases like Laura Kipnis's are all but inevitable.
Your Older Sibling Might Affect Your College Choice A new paper on sibling influence in college choice proves, once again, that it's always Marcia, Marcia, Marcia. An older
What the Liberal Arts Did for Me 
Columbia Adds Toni Morrison, But Not Trigger Warnings, To Required Reading 
South Carolina College Presidents Join Calls For Confederate Flag's Removal 
The Shade Room Is More Than A Gossip Blog 
University Security Investigated For Claim They Physically Restrained Sexual Assault Victim 
Class Clown to Class President There was always something inexplicably attractive about receiving attention, so throughout my childhood, the sound of laughter was my muse. I had an appetite for approbation (clearly not from teachers, but from my peers).
UVA Is Naming A Building For A Former Slave Couple 
Private Student Loans Are Trapping Co-Signers, CFPB Finds Consumer watchdog agency worries private student loan companies are unnecessarily keeping parents and grandparents hooked on their kids' college debt.
Indiana Strikes Again For the many students who sit in Spanish, French, or German class every day and resent having to memorize vocabulary words and learn new grammar rules, the change initially seems like a positive one.
3 Steps to Build Confidence as a First-Time Job Hunter I vividly remember hunting for my first real post-college job. It was scary. It was brutal. I moved home and was met with a staggering 13% local unemployment rate. Needless to say, it definitely tested my patience and my resilience.
More College and University Students Facing Mental Health Challenges There is a quiet crisis brewing on college and university campuses across the United States. Increasingly, the mental health needs of students are more complicated than in the past and cannot be adequately met by overwhelmed mental health services.
Columbia Students Reveal University Missteps In Sexual Assault Investigations A HuffPost examination of Zachary's case, as well as those by two others students -- based on hundreds of pages of Columbia's investigative reports and emails exchanged between university officials and students -- shows that Emma Sulkowicz's case is not an isolated incident. These documents show that both before and after the investigation of Sulkowicz's alleged sexual assault, Columbia has taken missteps in handling other cases, failing to adhere to federal guidance and standards.\n\nTitle IX, the federal law that mandates gender equality in education, advises sexual assault cases be fully resolved within 60 days of the initial reporting. Columbia's policy goes further, stating that investigations will take no longer than 30 days and that once the investigation is over, a hearing will wrap up a case two weeks later.\n\nAccording to university documents, Zachary's case took seven months. In another case from 2014, a transgender Columbia sophomore said xe* waited over six months for the investigation to be resolved. And, Sarah, a rising senior, filed two sexual assault cases in 2013. One took four months to resolve; the other took six.
Mind the 'Expectation' Gap More than 3.6 million students have or are about to graduate from postsecondary U.S institutions. And when people graduate college, they tend to have certain expectations.
Graduation, Not Goodbye UCLA is this massive experience. Like a force of nature, it happens to you
Federal Officials 'Concerned' About Loophole In Privacy Law For Rape Victims The U.S. Department of Education confirmed in letters to Sen. Ron Wyden and Rep. Suzanne Bonamici, both Democrats of Oregon
The Leveling of the College Playing Field Until college is no longer treated like a business in America, it will continue to create an unlevel playing field. Those who are genuinely enthused about learning deserve a chance at higher education.
Signs to Good Words American Sign Language started with a casual comment from an eighth grade teacher. Visual learners tend to acquire skills in learning sign language.
5 Cooper Union Trustees Resign In Protest Five of the 23 members of the Cooper Union board of trustees resigned Tuesday. Chairman Emeritus Mark Epstein, board vice
A Modest Proposal to Halt Rising Tuition Costs 
A Fast-Forwarding Strategy for 2015 College Graduates As the college graduating class of 2015 make their way into the world, many may find themselves facing strong economic and financial headwinds. Landing your first career position will be a job unto itself. But you'll also find yourself setting the stage for a lifetime of financial management.
What Emma's Mattress Means For Medicine I am a medical student, yes. I am also a survivor of sexual violence. The recent surge of articles surrounding Emma Sulkowickz prompted me to reflect on this latter identity. I know I will always carry the mark of my trauma with me -- and I am learning how I will better empathize with patients because of it.
An Open Letter to John Paulson Perhaps there was another motive for your gift.  Perhaps this was less about the deficiencies of the East Coast's technology landscape and more about winning the game of \one-upmanship\ that wealthy donors and institutions tend to play.
We Need More College Graduates It is college commencement season, a glorious time of year, when spring flowers and joy are blooming on campuses across the nation. For millions of diligent college students, hearing their names called and being handed a hard-earned diploma is a watershed moment. It is a genuine cause for celebration for students and their families.
68 Public College Presidents Make More Than President Obama 
6 Job Tips for Recent Graduates You might have taken Psych 101 but chances are you never took a class on how to get a job or what to do when you scored your dream gig.
Joe Biden Stands Up and Speaks Out About Assault We have to keep talking about rape culture in our country and the double standards that many athletes and certain groups of young men are given.
A Brother to All I saw many of my peers finding their own places in football, academic clubs, and the arts. They all seemed content, and I made it my mission to find my own comfortable niche at Lawrenceville as I had at my previous school.
New SAT Today, the long-awaited redesign of the SAT exam takes a step forward with the debut of Khan Academy's online SAT preparation program. The redesign responds, in part, to some harrowing shortcomings of the current iteration of the exam.
Should I Put My Money in Forex or Stocks? People and corporations that participate in currency trading, clearly, have very different and ubiquitous goals in mind. Speculative trades are in most cases executed by banks and large hedge funds.
Northwestern Student Drops Complaint Against Professor In Laura Kipnis Case 
Six Degrees to Skilled Labor The idea that we can be separated into categories by our career paths into white collar and blue collar; professional and vocational; lofty and lowly; is almost absurd. In order for our economy and our communities to function and thrive, we need everyone.
One Hundred Days of Summer A few rejected internships later and a Boston College junior washes ashore Martha's Vineyard for the next three months. Here we go. Live heaven on earth, plain and simple
Reflections on a Historic Summit of the Americas The digital snapshot seen round the world depicted a brief handshake between U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Ra\u00fal Castro.
Graduating This Year? Read This First Accept the fact that you know very little and don't have all the answers at the beginning of this new adventure, but know that you can definitely find the answers.
WATCH 
Educating for Democracy We live in an age of magical thinking. It is a time in which whatever confidence we have that there will be a future for humanity is promised through the wonders of technology wedded to the wonders of \the market.\
How An Essay On 'Sexual Paranoia' Caused A Frenzy At Northwestern University 
My Vassar College Commencement Speech for the Class of 2015 As someone who runs a 24/7 digital media company and who uses every form of social media ever invented, I hope I have some street cred when I urge those of you graduating this year to build boundaries, introduce digital detoxes into your life, learn to regularly disconnect from the jumble and the cacophony and make time to reconnect with yourself. There will be many profound and fulfilling relationships ahead of you, but the relationship with yourself is the most important relationship you'll ever have. And, like any relationship, it can't be taken for granted. If there is one thing I wish I knew when I was graduating from college, it's that the Delphic admonition \Know Thyself\ and Socrates' admonition that \the unexamined life is not worth living\ are not ancient philosophical platitudes, but in fact the most relevant and important guiding truths for our lives.
SEC 
How to Maximize Your Federal Student Loan Refinancing Savings Depending on when you took out your federal loans, your interest rate could vary by several percentage points since federal loans are influenced by market conditions. If you are wondering what you can do to help reduce these higher interest rates faster, here are some options to consider.
University Of Washington Frat Put On Social Suspension Following Rape Accusation 
UNC-Chapel Hill Decides It Shouldn't Have A Building Named For A KKK Leader 
Here's The First College To Adopt Callisto, A New Rape Reporting System 
How Texas College Students Are Using Yoga And Tailgating To Stay Sober 
Why Merida Matters With their massive fan bases and critically praised stories, movies like Brave, Frozen, and The Princess and the Frog have gained so much positive attention.
'Why Columbia' and 'Pitzer's Values' 
A Graduation Toolkit Today's graduate, just like the rest of us, faces an uncharted world. Creativity, not conformity, is the new security. Booyah.
The Greatest Love of All I have written and spoken many times about the fiduciary responsibilities that we have as adults today. We are \trustees\ of our children. We must protect and safeguard them so that more young Victor Casillas Valles can graduate from USF and other colleges and universities throughout the United States. Loving and protecting our children is the greatest love of all.
Educating for Democracy Since the media have been regularly reporting on indictments and investigations of corporate crime and those responsible for billions of dollars through illegal activity, it becomes apparent that these rich and powerful figures, who now have \the best government money can buy,\ enjoy a \law of the rulers\ instead of the \rule of law\ for which many Americans have fought and died.
The Gentrification Of Higher Ed 
10 Reasons Why We Can't Break Our Spirit Jersey Obsession 
Why There Is No Shame In Graduating From A School Of The Arts I am not on top of the Washington Square Arch, but if you'll bear with me, I have a proclamation:\nLet today be the last day we joke that we are stupid or crazy. It's not clever to pretend we hate what we love, and it wasn't wrong study it.
Studying Abroad With a Gluten Allergy Although having a food allergy is a struggle, do not be discouraged to study abroad! There are ways to make the most of your study abroad experience while avoiding gluten.
Advice To College Grads 
At the University of Texas,  Echoes of its Confederate Past Reverberate in the Present Instead of promoting outdated values, the University should vigorously reeducate its students, if not by removing the statues, at least rededicating the them in a way as to tell the story of the tragedy of needless blood spilled, not of a \glorious past\ that existed only in the minds of those who refused to let go.
It Takes Mentors to Make Commencement Dreams Come True Even if you've graduated from college, it's never too late to start networking and build your team of mentors.
Free Speech at Duke Faculty should be hired and evaluated on the basis of their teaching, research, and professional service, and should be free to speak as citizens and persons without fear for their jobs.
Tolerance and Totalitarianism A disturbing trend is sweeping across American colleges and universities under the guise of protecting students from allegedly offensive speech -- defined differently by different interest groups -- with demands for everything from \trigger warnings\ to banning speakers from campus.
Your Grown-Up First Day First days are so important to a career because it sets the precedent for the employee you are, who you want to be, and who you will someday become. Things might go wrong, but it is normal when you are adjusting to a new environment.
Despite Dangers, University Provides Free Tanning After $3 Million Deal 
Forest Whitaker Tells Grads 
Posters Near Columbia Accusing Emma Sulkowicz Of Lying About Rape Get Ripped Down Fast 
Going to an Ivy Doesn't Suck Mr. Schwartz's article made going to an Ivy seem like an empty dream - maybe even a hoax. Honestly, after two years, I wouldn't trade my time at Penn for the world. If you have the opportunity to go, I strongly recommend it.
A Number Of Colleges Are Under Scrutiny For Sexual Harassment, But You Wouldn't Know It 
The Best Ways to Tackle Your Student Loan Debt I believe the rule of thumb is to not take out more in student loan debt for an education than you expect to earn as an annual salary. However, none of this matters now, so I won't go on with scolding. You may regret the amount you have taken out for your education, but never regret having received a quality education.
The Students Mobilizing Against Campus Racism Nationwide Hate crimes, discrimination and microaggressions are issues currently facing all American institutions of higher education -- public and private, secular and religiously affiliated, progressive and conservative.
The One Thing Missing on Your Post-grad Checklist While everyone is ordering their caps and gowns, applying to jobs, continuing their education, or just planning for the future, there's one important factor that often gets overlooked
Tim Cook 
Ed Helms Destroys Rolling Stone's Rape Story Scandal During UVA Speech 
Grace Helbig's Commencement Speech Reveals Secrets Of Her Success 
College Student Falls To Death One Day Before Graduation 
Every College Student Should Try This Throughout my first two years at Penn, I have had the opportunity to learn from world experts and renowned researchers. But what would I say has been the most valuable part of my Ivy League education?
Md. Governor Gives OK to Student Social-Media Privacy Law Students who attend public or private colleges in Maryland were granted an extra layer of online privacy protections on Tuesday when Gov. Larry Hogan signed a law to shield their private social media accounts from administrators' reach.
Who Needs the Apple Watch? This Startup Is Building Straps That Make Any Regular Watch 'Smart' By now, we have all heard of the \legendary\ new Apple Watch. But will it really be that legendary? Ingenious marketing and even more groundbreaking products have allowed Apple to build a brand that carries an aura that consumers trust.
Valuing Philosophy Without Valuation \What are you going to do with your philosophy degree?\ In graduate school, this question proved to be a favorite among those with whom I was getting acquainted for the first time.
Millennials Moving Back in With Their Parents Are Entitled? What if Parents Move in With Them? I won't live with my parents forever, and we won't always agree. For right now, this situation is appreciated by all of us
Anti-semitism at My Alma Mater Three weeks ago I received a strange email. \Did I know,\ my friend wondered, \about the antisemitism brewing on the Stanford University campus?\
Choosing Joy in a Selfish Place Embracing these last couple of weeks is difficult to do if we are constantly criticizing, quantifying the validity of our experiences by counting the number of \likes\ on our Instragram photos, rather than internalizing our own happiness.
Missing Student Found After Parents Arrive For Graduation And Learn He Dropped Out 
Ebola Doctor Tells Grads Why He Didn't Feel Like A Failure When He Lost Patients 
Colleges Suspend Students For Sexual Assault, But Don't Actually Ban Them From Campus 
The Radio Shack Phenomenon and the Future of Private Independent Higher Education What might the future of higher education look like? This new world of higher education will have fewer institutions serving larger numbers of students. The focus, however, will not be on the institutions themselves but what happens (or does not happen) in the classroom.
Private Scholarships -- A Billion-Dollar Rip-Off Every year there are billions awarded in private scholarships, and who benefits? None other than these \poor\ institutions of higher learning enriching their billion dollar endowment funds at the cost of their deserving students.
Women in the Performing Arts During this Spring and Summer, I am spotlighting a handful of remarkable women educators in college theatre in my blog series entitled, Women In The Performing Arts.
From Community College to the White House Administration I'm the U.S. Chief Data Scientist -- and I got my start in community college. Yes, I've got a Ph.D. in applied mathematics, have been fortunate to help build amazing companies like LinkedIn, and have been at the forefront of the data science movement.
The Year of Self-love I have gone from uttering the words with no feeling to looking at myself with admiration instead of disgust. That is what I have dedicated this year to be; the year of self-love.
Students Are Using Yik Yak To Cheat On Exams 
What You Should Know About The Experience Of Black College Students 
Women's Colleges Are Admitting Trans And Gender-Fluid Applicants. Now What? 
Higher Ed Lobby Quietly Joins For-Profit Schools To Roll Back Tighter Rules 
University Report Card 2.0 Universities are positioned as institutions devoted to the research and discovery of innovations for the benefit of the public that supports them.
How to Solve Dartmouth's Diversity and Inclusion Challenges Discussions of sexual assault at Dartmouth's students are geared towards the heteronormative sexual and social relationships that emerge primarily in fraternity basements. Dartmouth cannot afford to fail these students by neglecting to prepare them for the spectrum of situations they may encounter.
Working Out on Campus To be successful in college about working out, you've got to pause that Netflix and get out of bed.
Career Tips for the Class of 2015 For millennial aged graduates entering the career world, you must be armed with tools and strategies to distinguish yourselves from the pack.
Cultivating Your Inner Adam II What's the most important thing that college students should worry about as they further their education and pursue the rest of their lives?  It's in the form of a question, and that question is
Postmodern Magic 
The End of College? (or Maybe Just the End of Kevin Carey's Career) Everything will, instead, be online.  Education will be free. It will be worldwide. It will be accessible. It will be meritocratic. Gone will be professors.  Gone will be PhD degrees. Gone will be Harvard. Carey now knows The Secret of Education.
The Worst Way To Start Your Career Search We all need to make these career mistakes and I'm sure my initial letters were not as eloquent as I would have liked. Graduates need a wakeup call and I'm hopeful that after reading this they'll get one.
The Reason Starbucks Employees Were Hesitant To Embrace Its College Tuition Program 
How One College President Is Opening The Conversation On Race And Equity 
A Bunch Of Crap The Class Of 2015 Needs To Ignore If unnecessary stress is your jam, then by all means, listen to a bunch of people who have no idea what they're talking about.
Your Role in the Movement to End Campus Sexual Assault Students who experience sexual violence should know that they are never alone, and there are many ways to ask for help, from contacting the local police department or notifying campus police to seeking support of friends and family or contacting a local crisis hotline.
Why the American Flag Is the Least of My Worries If the American flag should be a metaphor and a symbol of anything, it should be of radical possibility -- where the black and brown citizens at the margins are central to America's care and concern, where calls for patriotic response is not the mask of those who refuse to admit the nation's terrible truths.
5 Books to Get You Out of Your Literary Comfort Zone While many of you likely don't have the time to read right now with finals and papers and all that fun stuff, you should remember this list for the summer time. Here is a list of books I've read and enjoyed that'll help you step outside your literary comfort zone!
Before a Decision It's true that one of the hardest places to be is right before a decision. Options to weigh, pros and cons to think about and discuss, research to do and connections to make can be a few of the mind queries before a decision is made. Before a decision is made about which college to attend, several variables should be carefully reviewed
Last-Minute Advice for Parents Paying for College - Part I Four years of homework. Two years of SAT madness. Half a dozen AP classes. And countless hours at volleyball games, debate team competitions, and soup kitchen volunteer work.
UNC Students Respond To Anti-Muslim Comments With #NotSafeUNC 
Man Caught Taking Candid Photos Of College Women And Posting Them To Porn Site 
Why Attending a College in a Big City Is the Fastest Way to Grow Your Career College is an important decision. That idea is instilled in many Americans at an early age. We're told that where we go and what we study will determine the life we will lead.
Of Course I'm Stressed, I'm In College When my eye started twitching fairly consistently for about week, I was annoyed. I can't be talking to customers or writing an essay if my eye won't stop twitching. The doctor's orders were to \Get more sleep, drink less caffeine, and alleviate stress.\
The Case For Closing The Opportunity Gap Hong Deng's story is just one of thousands. Every day our country misses out on the talents, dedication and creativity of students like her because we don't give them the tools they need to go to college and launch a career. It's time to change that.
Choosing a College? Don't Do This It's getting down to the wire for members of the Class of 2016, who have until May 1 to put down a deposit at the one (and only one) college they'll be attending.
National Fraternity Groups Step Away From Controversial Campus Rape Proposal 
An Open Letter to My Freshman Year Laugh a lot, cry a little, and continue to make the memories of a lifetime. Always choose to live by your rules, and let others live by their own. This is your time, your moment, your life, and you're going to be great. So be proud of yourself, you're surviving on your (almost) own for the first time in your life.
The 15 Most Environmentally Responsible Colleges 
How to Teach Men of Color As scholars of the male of color experience in college, we are often asked whether all faculty can effectively teach men of color. Most often, what is really being asked is whether White faculty can teach these men.
Ohio U. Student Newspaper Suspends Editor for Cutting Secret Deal With School President One interesting journalism ethics question emerging from the kerfuffle
Notre Dame, Stung By 'The Hunting Ground,' Is Under U.S. Investigation For Sexual Harassment Cases 
Life Will Still Go On Over the past few weeks, millions of anxiety ridden, adrenaline-filled high school seniors have been receiving those \my life hangs in the balance\ envelopes from various colleges and universities they have applied to.
College Hockey Player Confesses To Rape, But School Decides Against Expelling Him 
Dollars in Democracy -- Part I Immense amounts of money from super PACs are flooding in to support politicians. The implications of lobbying are up for debate. However, it seems that lobbying provides a significant amount of political clout going to those with the greatest wealth.
When the Financial Crisis Looms There are a handful of colleges -- largely research universities and the most selective private liberal arts colleges -- that have the endowment, diversity of funding sources, and enrollment brand strength to wait out or even ignore the looming higher education financial crisis. But these are few in number.
Bridging the Divide Last fall, for the first time in our history, America's public school students were likely NOT majority white. If U.S. Department of Education projections are accurate, white students numbered 24.8 million and non-white students 25 million.
Mind the College Financial Aid Gap Last week, I visited two public schools in Los Angeles to help lower and middle class seniors decide which college to accept by May 1. After speaking with these struggling students, I re-designed my presentations for the rest of this month to focus on these five topics.
Marco Rubio Is the Biggest Threat to Hillary Clinton in 2016 It'd be na\u00efve for democrats to think that these demographic and geographic advantages won't boost the young, handsome and telegenic Senator into a pretty good position against their all-but-anointed nominee.
6 Things You Can Only Learn About Life By Traveling Growing up in Canada, I always knew that I wanted to explore the world. I researched doing a student exchange in high school, and was always fascinated by National Geographic. It wasn't until university that I got the chance (and the motivation) to pursue this dream.
Far More College Students Riot Due To 'Drunken Idiocy' Than For Activism 
The Hidden Benefits of Rejection In the deepest darkest moments of grief over your rejection, remind yourself that you are not alone, that this is normal and that this experience doesn't have to be a waste.
A New Grad Student's Guide to the FAFSA If you're going to grad school and new to the world of financial aid, or want a refresher, this guide will walk you through what you need to know to complete your FAFSA.
From Rain to Riches? We've dealt with this unwanted houseguest for nearly four months, and still it lingers in dirty patches. Even when it seems like the snow is ready to leave, like the river might mobilize again, it changes its mind and sits back down.
8 Ways to Make College More Accessible to Low-Income Students Amidst our platitudes and promises of equity and justice, there are some pretty clear-cut reasons why low-income students are dropping out, failing out, or never even starting college.
Ethnic Studies Background Increases Job Marketability You pitch yourself every day. Whether it be to a friend or a client, a job or a new business venture, pitching is a daily process of life that involves knowing people, knowing about people, and knowing how to communicate with people.
Reply All Email Creates Havoc For Case Western Students' Inboxes 
March Madness Contenders' Research Programs Put to the Test For three consecutive years, inspired by the NCAA's March Madness, Thomson Reuters has hosted \Metrics Mania\ a competition that takes these teams off the court for a faceoff on the strength of their scholarly research programs.
Reflections From Ivy Day Am I proud of her because she got into Yale? It brings up the problematic question of whether I would be proud of her if she didn't get in -- and of course I would be. I am always proud of her, because she is brave and brilliant and she is my sister.
Should I Have Gone to Bard? While I am not planning on transferring to Bard anytime soon, I hope our university will return to its commitment to dialogue and diversity of opinion, and finally restore the Brandeis University-Al-Quds University partnership.
Strive for Rising Expectations Ultimately, setting goals is the president's responsibility.  Remember, though, the institution is best served by reaching high. As Robert Browning famously said, \a man's reach should exceed his grasp or what's a heaven for.\
Spare Change At a time when Washington seems gridlocked if not totally broken, and just as our economy is turning around, I worry that too many people will be left out of the rebound.
Punishment For Sexual Assault At UVA? A Letter In His File 
UNC Charlotte Students 
In 22 States, You Could Lose Your License For Not Paying Your Student Loans 
Why Students At The University Of Washington Want To Put Their Phones Away 
It's April!  What You Need To Do During This Final Stage of College Admissions With a few exceptions, April 1st is the day by which colleges release their admissions decisions to applicants. Hopefully, all of your waiting will be over and done with in a few days. I hope that you are happy with your choices.
Student Loan Victims Pay the Price of ED Inaction If legal remedies for borrowers, such as defense to repayment, exist only on paper, they are not worth very much. Meeting with Corinthian borrowers is the first step in the Department's necessary recognition that it needs to be more proactive and protective when it comes to student borrowers.
Universities, Public Spaces and the Democratic Way of Life Public spaces allow for expressions of higher education's best democratic values -- free exchange of ideas, thoughtful discussion, appeal to evidence and respect for different perspectives. Such spaces can engage people's private interests and identities.
'Brograine' 
Leadership Equity at Public Liberal Arts Colleges As colleges and universities mark and celebrate Women's History Month, it may be worthwhile to reflect on the relationship between institutional history and efforts to advance gender equity at the presidential level.
The College Admission Frenzy, Greek Life Gone Wild and Income Inequality As this divide becomes more stark and difficult to bridge, it would seem likely that there is erosion in the sense of connectedness with others unlike oneself. Communities become either more homogenous or more disconnected.
You Got the Job -- Now Here's What to Expect If your first full-time job is locked down by the time you cross the stage on college graduation day, you're probably feeling a mix of excitement and relief. But looking back on the past four years doesn't usually come without a hint of anxiety for the future
Seeing the College Admissions Glass as Half-Full The happiest students in this process are willing to attend several colleges on their lists; they realize that these colleges will offer them extraordinary programming, including merit scholarships.
Duke Investigates Reports Of Student Taunted With Racist SAE Chant 
The 39 Most Iconic College Town Food Joints Across North America We strongly believe that few things strike the core of a college's essence than where its students choose to hang out and chow down.
Why the American Flag Fiasco Is the Best Thing to Happen to UC Irvine I saw first-hand this story escalate through the ranks of social media and television media. The sole reason this controversy was brought to light was because our student body refused to remain silent.
Bracketology Instead of bracketing off college experience as foolishness, we should take what happens at college more seriously
Office Hours to the Rescue Being so close to the finish line and seeing the relationships some of my friends have built with their favorite professors, I wonder if maybe it would have been a good idea to push myself a little, face my fear, and maybe learn more about my professors than I did by simply sitting in their classes day after day.
Sweet Briar College and the Homogenization of U.S. Higher Education While in the end every school must be a good steward of its resources, a society in which any college is largely interchangeable with another will be a poorer one, and the closure of schools like Sweet Briar College moves us further in that direction.
Will Ferrell Says Racist Frat Song 'A Real Argument For Getting Rid' Of Fraternities Altogether 
How I Used Instagram to Land My Dream Internship Everybody uses social media in some capacity. Just look around you; whether it's your parents trying to maneuver their way through Facebook, your favorite clothing brand on Instagram, or your friends on Twitter, we are all connected online in some way.
Invisible Here was where the concept of invisibility first occurred to me
Your College Degree Won't Protect You From Institutional Racism The experiences of Martese Johnson and Lawrence Otis Graham prove that adhering to the code of respectability politics does not guarantee protection from the sensory and institutional aspects of racism.
OU Frat Chant and Civics The Constitution does not rest in hibernation, on call to periodically adjudicate what one may perceive to be a specific injustice. It instead must live in ongoing tension.
SAE Sets Up Anonymous Hotline To Report Racism By Fraternity Members 
Police Say Penn State Fraternity Circulated Nude Photos Of 'Unsuspecting Victims' 
The Questionable Success of My 21st Birthday Good News
Americans Think Closing SAE Frat Over Racist Song Was The Right Call 
Leave Second-Guessing to Others 
Comparing Federal Student Loans to Other Household Debt is Popular -- It's Also Wrong Is it really appropriate to compare student loans with mortgages, auto loans and credit card debt? If I put on my consumer hat, it feels like we should. If I put on my economics hat though, student loans seem absurdly incomparable to practically every other form of household debt.
One Speaker's Thoughts on Campus Litigation, Free Speech and Hostile Environments I have concluded that the productive discussion I envisioned cannot occur in the shadow of active litigation and the resulting present intense polarity. For these reasons, I will not lecture at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in the spring of 2015.
Applying the Lessons of Self-Defense to Anti-Semitism Whether we'd like to admit it or not, anti-Semitism on campus is not going to go away that easily. College administrations have done nothing to stop the anti-Semitism of Students for Justice in Palestine or other hateful organizations.
UMD Frat Brother Allegedly Sent Racist Email, Signed Off With 'F*** Consent' 
How to Make It In America Eventually I found my feet, started working on my practical skills and basically realized that opportunities were not going magically appear. I needed to create them for myself. Here are some things I learned along the way that I think are vital parts of any practical skillset when job-hunting.
The Ten Commandments of Networking Emails 
On \Thesising.\ Or, Academic Privilege. I, too, am part of the thesis tribe, and it is a strange, bewildered one. While we are all aware of the stress of completing these daunting documents, all theses are hugely idiosyncratic and often difficult to explain in an elevator pitch to others.
The March Is Not Over Yet Television scenes of nonviolent demonstrators beaten by police shocked the nation. As the movie Selma details, the March played a critical role in the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.
'Melodrama' 
Dozens Of Students Stage Anti-Racism Protest At University Of Oklahoma 
Hey College Students, Being Smart Is Okay Don't feel guilty for having your hard work pay off. Don't feel guilty for not wasting your time and money. Don't feel guilty for realizing your potential and most of all never feel guilty for achieving the goals you set for yourself.
UC Irvine Student Government Bans American Flag, Others From Campus Area 
How Internship Success Can Jumpstart Your Career I vividly remember the first piece of advice my university tour guide told me as I took my first steps through campus
UC Santa Cruz Student Protesters Cause Traffic Jam And Shut Down Campus Millennial angst, for lack of a better term, fueled the 96 hours of demonstrations by students at UC Santa Cruz. Gen Y students are protesting on other University of California campuses against issues like 'police terror,' tuition hikes, and having to pay for education in general.
Why Going Online Could Cause Girl Scouts' Values to Crumble This year, the Girl Scouts of the USA have gone digital.  Girl Scouts can now control all aspects of cookie sales completely online.  Young Scouts have the ability to track orders, handle money, and communicate with buyers through a digital platform.
What Yeezy Taught Me While Kanye West might not be the hero our generation wants, he is without a doubt the hero our generation needs. Along with how to artfully toe the line between confident and cocky, here are five other lessons that we can all learn from Mr. West.
17 Suggestions for Choosing Classes in College Discussion-oriented classes in which you learn to articulate your perspective and respond to that of others are valuable not only for clarifying and refining your thinking, but also for developing essential tools for participating as a valued team member at work, in your avocations, and in the civic life of your community.
Two Words We Need to Hear More in Higher Education There are so many other me toos that we -- the students of challenging, top tier universities -- don't talk about, me toos that we shove down and brush away and keep inside.
How Hashtags Evolved And Changed The Way We Communicate We've already pretty much streamlined the communication process so we basically don't even talk to each other in real life anymore.
Staggering Number Of Colleges Request 'The Hunting Ground' Screenings 
This Is What Passes As #CollegeGourmet On Campus 
Campus Debit Cards This is another area where Congress should step up to the plate. Students need to be protected from deceptive marketing. And debit card agreements between companies, colleges and universities should be subject to the same transparency requirements as campus credit cards.
Flipping the Way Students (and Professors) Do College Being read to, besides being redundant, is demeaning and frustrating. I need a professor not as a middle-man for information, but as a motivating and encouraging figurehead of the classroom.
Why Smartphone Use Helps Develop 21st Century Skills in Higher Education The future of mobile use in education promises apps specifically designed to support 21st century skills like self-regulation, which set a foundation for growth and development throughout a lifetime.
Why I've Stopped Apologizing While elementary school taught me the importance of saying sorry for my mistakes, my experiences in college have shown me how to live life unapologetically.
Financial Aid Guide For Families Most families aren't able to cover the full cost of their children's college experience, which means financial aid will play at least a part of their college planning. If you're thinking about applying for financial aid for your college-aged student (or thinking ahead for a child who's got some time left to go), here are the fundamentals you need to know.
New York Is a Leader in the Fight Against Sexual Assault on College Campuses Sex assault and rape are huge problems on our campuses in New York and across the country. Indeed, evidence suggests that the information gap in this area adds to the problem and proves to be highly misleading for students and families.
Soon Student Loans Will Look Like the Tax Code Colleges make it simple for students to borrow by packaging several different types of federal loans... Sometimes, schools even give students more loans than they need. The students have to accept the package and deal with the loans when they leave, whether they graduate or not.
No, More Campus Guns Won't Decrease Rape Several members of various state legislators have trotted out the idea that what is missing from college campuses, particularly the hands of 18-year-old women, are six shooters, or even better, semi-automatic handguns.
Have We Already Solved the Student Debt Crisis? Kevin Carey posits that the market dominance of federal student loans combined with income-driven repayment plans has solved student debt crisis. It's an intriguing and optimistic thesis.
The Challenges of Transfer Application Essays Transfer applications, often due March 1, pose challenges that students did not face the first time around. Some supplemental essays are so redundant it's as if the schools' admissions staffs have never read the personal statement prompt.
The Razor Scooter Incident Maybe my father has been there at every accident, but he has also been there to pick me up and dust me off after every one.
The Hidden Value of Serving Salad Upon reflection, I believe there are many reasons why business schools have not been as effective in teaching generosity over greed. One is that we rarely are placed in circumstances that cause us to change our thinking about people, problems or the cost of poverty and neglect.
21-year-old  Eastern Ky. University Woman Loses 175 Pounds in 14 Months Outside of our shared love for Eastern Kentucky University, Elizabeth and I came at the decision to do the gastric sleeve surgery from very different perspectives.
You Should Have Your Heart Broken at Least Once Once you have accepted that the past is in the past, you can finally do the hardest feat imaginable. Let go.
Prejudice Why did being \skinny,\ \black\ or walking in a neighborhood become perceived as the sign of a perpetrator or criminal? Why did a communication barrier give an officer the prerogative to throw a fragile grandfather to the ground?
In 5 Minutes, This Student Destroys Our Double Standards For Men And Women One College Student Used Sports To Break Down Double Standards For Men And Women
Meningitis Bacteria To Blame For Oregon Student's Death 
Storied Princeton Eating Club Elects First Female President 
Students Fight to Keep Affordable College From Becoming Extinct Much attention has rightly been paid to reforming student loans, such as making sure borrowers can refinance high-interest loans and expanding income-based payment options. These programs, though they would help millions of struggling borrowers, aren't a tourniquet, but only a bandage on a $1.2 trillion student debt crisis.
Animal Housing Sorry alumni. But it's a different world than the one you knew, and it's not pretty.
4 Reasons to Rethink Entrepreneurship Education Students need to know how to grow a successful business, whether it's their own or a fledgling startup, many of which need employees who understand entrepreneurial and sustaining business practices. Our success -- and that of our students and their new ventures -- depends on it.
Working With the College Financial Aid Office Paying for college is a major financial commitment for students and their families. Fortunately, there are many sources of financial aid that can help reduce the price tag of a college education. And one of the best places to learn about your options is the college Financial Aid Office.
Stanley Fish on Academic Freedom Interested in academic freedom?  If so, you should read Stanley Fish's new book, Versions of Academic Freedom
Why Your Power Nap Is Definitely Worth It As a college student, I can confidently say that napping is something that most of our demographic does pretty well. Whether we're making up for an all-nighter or just catching up on snoozing during our free time, napping is a common college activity across the nation.
3 Questions When Choosing a College Are you stressed out over where to go to college? Congratulations! It probably means you're taking this whole thing seriously. My goal as a counselor and teacher who writes about this stuff is to make sure you don't take it so seriously that it starts messing with your head.
Hazards of the 'Me' Culture Whatever the case, Brian Williams' downfall is symptomatic of our culture. No doubt Williams felt compelled to spiff up his newscasts.
5 TED Talks for Encouragement and Motivation I decided to take a couple days to revisit hobbies I love (because there are more kinds of love than just the romantic kind), like blogging on a more consistent basis than I have for the past six months. So, if you ever feel stressed or like you're in a rut, or even if you're just flat out bored, check out some of these amazing TEDTalks for inspiration!
Social Media Is Another Canvas for Millennial Artists I want to be a master in my field, so I don't have time to get caught up in a distraction that shouldn't exist. I want to be a great artist someday, and that won't happen if I become satisfied by likes and nice comments from being a \good\ artist.
Frequencies I've noticed that as soon as I allow myself to worry about something, it begins to take over all my thoughts. Worrying only leads to more worrying, so instead of allowing anxieties to plant themselves in my mind, I replaced them with more positive things.
Hamburger for My Valentine This Valentine's Day, McDonald's should make a concrete commitment to serve meat raised without the routine use of antibiotics. This commitment would go a long way for public health, and might have millennial's saying \I'm lovin' it\ again.
New School, New Start The truth is, being a transfer is not easy. But the experience is only as difficult as I allow it to be. I know that I will find my footing soon, and in the meantime, I will focus on the people who matter most to me.
Poetry 
Everyone Seems to Be Doin' Valentine's Day Wrong Why is Valentines Day a day that some people dread? It is a day to appreciate or admire your relationship, or those who are in special relationships.
This University Tumbling Team's Flight Got Delayed, So They Channeled Beyonce 
Have the Guts to Go With Your Guts 
5 Questions to Ask Before Making a Career Change What is it that I truly want out of my career? Answering this question honestly is hard. More money? Prestige? To feel like I'm contributing to something bigger than myself?
Yeah, It's Winter in New England. Chill Out. I did it. I wished for this. When it started snowing -- a couple of weeks ago now -- in Boston, I confided to a friend
Out of the 'Boat', And Into the Frying Pan The ABC network show is giving the American population a brief, but authentic window into the life of an Asian American family. TIME has hailed the Eddie Huang creation with \the makings of an American original.\ And that's exactly what we are -- American originals.
Seeking a Secular Community in College We should spend less time denying there's a big man in the sky and more time wrestling with its moral implications -- trying to build lives as rich, purposeful and filled with beauty as those of the faithful.
Positive Post-It Note Day Sheds Light on a Tragic Year at Appalachian State University Thousands of vibrant colored notes were posted across campus -- some included funny pick-me-ups, others encouraging words of motivation, while more featured memorable quotes. Bender described it as \a blur of colorful optimism.\ All with one collective purpose
CM's Top 10 Schools for Cheerleading For anyone who has seen Bring It On, you know that cheerleading is not all fun and pom-poms. What you don't know is what happens to talented cheerleaders once they graduate from their kingdom -- high school.
Comp Me, Baby, One More Time The way we structure community here doesn't just affect us in this place, at this moment. It affects the kinds of powerful, scarily driven, sleep-deprived, sometimes demagogic people we as an institution are putting out into the world.
Why College Might Cost So Freaking Much Can the rise in this average price be pinned on general economic principles (the \cost-disease\ argument) alone, or might there still be room to blame inflation in higher ed partially, or entirely, on Bennett's \greedy schools?\
Don't Just Go Abroad -- Volunteer Abroad Ask anyone about their study abroad experience, and they will tell you it was nothing short of amazing. But there is a secret to making it even better -- volunteering. You'll learn that service is a two-way street and you may be surprised with who receives the most at the end.
College Student Survey Suggests We've Made Little Progress Eliminating Racism 
University Blacklisted For Publishing Jack White's Guacamole Recipe, Contract 
Why Harvard Officially Banned Professor-Student Relationships 
Dear Little Sister As if your AP books aren't heavy enough, I see all these weighing on you. And somehow, you manage to carry on, but who's carrying you?
The Top 15 Colleges That Pay You Back The Most 
New College Cool For the past two-years I've connected with women's colleges across the country as well as with their future students, current students, and recent alumnae intending to blog about my findings. During this time I learned about the many wonderful things going on in the world of women's colleges, all contributing to this cool influx.
American Sniper Amid the debates and staggeringly strong ticket sales, student journalists nationwide are weighing in with their own reviews of American Sniper and commentaries on its political and cultural significance.
Why the President's 529 Proposal Just Didn't Add Up Approximately two weeks ago, the president announced an educational reform initiative that included removing the federal tax benefits from 529 plans. Under current law, savings in a 529 plan grow tax-free and withdrawals are not taxed when used for higher education.
Who Am I? Homesick in My Last Semester of College As my parents shared themselves with me through physical items and printed photos, I realized the way I will share myself with my future children and family is digitally. My virtual timeline will be accessible by a few clicks of a button. Social media is a snapshot of moments of our lives, all in one place.
College Students People will make snap judgments about you, but how you live up to your outer image will alter their impression. It's much easier to adjust your reputation now, than it will be to do it later in the professional world.
Why I'm Choosing to Move to NYC The thought of moving can definitely be overwhelming, but the unique lifestyle will be more than worth it. Step out of your comfort zone and into a new experience -- now is better than ever before.
What's Next After College? Above all your happiness is key. If you hate what you are doing, it is not the end of the world, try something different. Life is too short to be unhappy with what you are doing.
Uh Oh 
An Open Letter to President Obama Mr. President, just like health care, access to high-quality universities without student loans should be a right for all Americans. We are the nation's competitive advantage; shouldn't the government be investing in us, rather than the less than efficient F35 jet? Please start investing in this nation's students.
Ranking Of Colleges With The Most Drug Arrests Per Capita Counts Several SUNY Campuses 
Teacher Regulations Worthy of George Orwell Who will remain to teach the nation's schoolchildren when the U.S. Department of Education (USDE) succeeds in its plan to force every single pupil, teacher, school, college and university to conform to its Orwellian plan for constant surveillance and measurement of teachers via standardized tests and surveys?
Yes, an Unpaid Internship Is a Job There are several reasons usually cited by those who would say that an unpaid internship is not a job. The first is always of course, that they are unpaid; the second is that the work being done is often of an unskilled nature. None of these reasons are valid.
Financial Sense 201 It is not possible for every student to graduate from college debt free. However, it is crucial to make smart financial decisions while still in school to limit the financial burden as much as possible, as this will have a direct and lasting impact on your financial health for the rest of your life.
Why Your Twenties Don't Immediately Make You an Adult I'll probably never take myself completely seriously if I'm being honest, but that's okay. Even though it's little by little, I'm certainly starting to figure this \grown up\ business out.
UVA Students Say Banning Sorority Members From Frat Parties Is 'Dangerous' 
Police and Students of Color The failure of our universities to assume proper responsibility, to fully comprehend the larger picture, and explore fully new ways in which men and women might learn, live and work together can only lead to an extension of the present state of thoughtlessness and polarization that continues to divide the nation.
Dartmouth Creates New Rules, Bans Liquor To Tame 'Heavy-Drinking' Culture 
Penn State Task Force Calls For Disclosure Of Sexual Assault Punishments 
Illinois Educational Funding -- Expect Deep Cuts Within 24 hours of Governor Bruce Rauner taking office, numerous media outlets reported on his immediate steps to rectify Illinois' dire financial situation.
17 Ways to Make Your Resume Fit On One Page You may look at your resume and think that everything on it is too important to be left off. But let's get real. You're looking for an internship or entry-level job, which means you have just a few years experience.
Watch Some NYU Frat Bros Play Beer Pong In The Street During The Blizzard 
University of Southern Mississippi to Offer Study Abroad Program in Cuba What better way to expand your worldview than to study somewhere like Cuba? The educators who graduate and have studied in this program will be better connected to their students and classroom experiences and will have a unique perspective on students with Cuban roots.
Institutionalized Misogyny in the Greek System Boys' Bid Night -- an occasion marked by oversized, glittery neon tank tops and new fraternity members eager to celebrate their acceptance to their respective houses -- is now being erased from many a university woman's agenda.
App Tells Parents And Professors If Students Go To Class 
You Can Get A Scholarship For Playing Video Games 
Financial Sense 101 As students look forward to attending school and experiencing all that college has to offer, they may not be thinking about how to properly manage their money. Making smart financial choices while in school will not only ease the burden of college debt, but also set them up for financial success beyond graduation.
6 Reasons I'm Thankful You Fired Me Had you never fired me, I'm not sure that I would have made the changes necessary to perform well at the following summer's internship in public relations (yes, someone else actually hired me) or, really, any of the professional endeavors which followed. Failing my first internship taught me many things.
Victim In MIT Online Course Sexual Harassment Case Comes Forward 
American Sniper and the Fetishization of Patriotism These kinds of films overwhelmingly contribute to the commodification and the fetishization of patriotism that often force people to choose not to voice criticisms for fear of being called unpatriotic.
Several Fraternities, Sororities Utterly Destroy Two Michigan Ski Resorts 
Intellectual Diversity on American University Campuses University students should rightly be exposed to a plurality of viewpoints as part of their intellectual growth, rather attending the \flock of sheep association of like-minded individuals.\
Faculty Alert What can educational institutions do to improve the low marks given their graduates by their employers?
How To See Exactly What Admissions Offices Think About You 
Review Of \The Girl from Human Street\ By Roger Cohen A man who has assimilated very well, Cohen knows the pleasures and also the loneliness of diaspora. In writing his stirring memoir, in constructing a past with which he can live, he wrestled with demons both historical and personal.
Are We Prepared For President Obama's Free Community Colleges? While the proposal is not likely to survive, it does introduce a new dynamic into the debate on how to increase access in American higher education. And it's at this point where the philosophical must meet the practical.
This Sorority's Pre-Rush Week Beauty Standards Are Pure Madness 
How One College Student Turned Studying Into Art 
Fraternity Booted Off Campus Denies Harassing Anti-Rape Activists 
Takeaways From Serial Entrepreneur Jen Groover's Talk on Innovation and Perception Last semester, I got the chance to listen to one of the best talks I've heard on campus during the launch of the PennVention Innovation Competition. A few days back, I got to listen to the recording I took and the talk was just so inspiring and energizing.
Spice Up Your Resume in 2015 They say that the first three months in a job is when your learning curve is the steepest
Empowerment Within Engagement Participating in Model UN can improve your public speaking skills, sharpen your critical thinking and develop your research abilities.
Come at Me, (Frat) Bro! Even if fraternities aren't directly responsible for every instance of sexual assault and inebriated death on a college campus, they engender an attitude that is no longer permissible in the 21st century.
Meet HuffPost's Newest Campus Editors-At-Large 
Blame the Schools! If you read enough books and articles, or watch enough news segments about why colleges cost so freaking much (and supposedly deliver little for the price), a consensus emerges that tends to include the following premises.
'Free' Community College President Obama's \America's College Promise\ proposal for \free\ community college is a great idea!  A similar program in Tennessee, the site of President Obama's announcement, is apparently hugely successful. What could possibly go wrong with such a simple concept? Plenty.
Worthy of Free Expression Let us remember the journalists, police and other brave souls who were killed by those who could not abide difference and challenge without resorting to murder. Let us cultivate the spirit of satire and of critique, but also of reverence and of affection, in ways that challenge the conventions of the moment.
Just Not Feeling it -- Or When You Don't Love a Subject You Have to Take Sometimes it helps get interested if you have to explain material to those who are not familiar with it as a way of testing your own understanding. Students who tutor younger kids find it helps them too.
Atheists Demand Apology Over Public University's Email About Religion 
Duke Student Athletes Speak Out on the Power of Language I am proud of my peers for leading by example in challenging marginalizing language and bias both on and off the field, building safer and more inclusive communities, and validating the identities and experiences of people of all backgrounds.
Jesse Friedman's Case and the Appearance of Impropriety In plain English, Judge Corrigan should remove herself from this case to maintain public trust in our judicial system. Such an act is not atypical for judges since they must project the highest level of professionalism in the legal process.
Learn to Delegate 
Prestigious Women's College Joins List Of 94 Schools Facing Sexual Assault Probes 
This Professor Uses Slave Narratives To Teach Empathy To Future Public Servants 
Princeton Police Investigated Allegations Against Tiger Inn Bouncers 
How to Get a 4.0 in Fraud Prevention Living with roommates, making online purchases and communicating through social media channels are just a few of the ways students can leave themselves dangerously open to thieves on the hunt.
Kaplan To Pay $1.3 Million Settlement After Allegations Of Unqualified Teachers In Texas 
New Year's Resolution -- Let Colleges Lead the Way to a New Normal in Cuba President Barack Obama's unexpected decision for the United States to \normalize\ relations with Cuba provides an opportunity for universities to create a bridge of education and understanding between the two countries located just 90 miles apart.
New Year, New Semester 2015 will certainly be an exciting years for juniors! It's best for juniors to start their college prep early. There are so many details to consider. If juniors plan properly, they may even enjoy the process.
10 Colleges Where The Most Alumni Donate 
4 Ways to Prepare for Next Semester Now While you\u00a0enjoy your winter break, next semester may be the last thing you want to think about. But if you want to make it the best one ever, we both know that now is the time to start preparing.
End the NYPD Hissy-Fit Instead of turning its back on the mayor and calling \foul,\ maybe the NYPD should grow up, stare de Blasio and the rest of the city in the face and answer the criticism.
China and the US My sense from engaging many levels of Chinese society is that China does not want an aggressive relationship with the United States; it wants to forge a partnership of mutual respect and opportunity.
Harvard's Failed Sexual Assault Response Triggers Policy Changes 
How Not to Reinvent the Wheel in College Accountability At a well-publicized speech in Buffalo, New York on August 22, 2013, President Barack Obama announced that he would create a plan for sweeping reform of higher education. The details were sketchy, but the projected plan would institute a rating system of colleges and universities nationwide.
Your 20s Matter It has become more and more common for people to underestimate 20-somethings. The message is that you don't need to be responsible or have a direction in life when you are in your 20s. But your 20s do matter!
Lessons Learned From a Not-so-Merry Christmas When you think of Christmas, you think of joy. You think of glamorous d\u00e9cor -- bits of tinsel littering lawns and living rooms; trees bloated with shiny bulbs; strings of colorful lights draping porches and garages. But not all Christmases are wrapped perfectly in glossy silver paper with a white bow on top.
The 20 Colleges With The Best Campus Food 
The Mid College Job Crisis Somewhere around 21 years old, everyone hits the mid-ish life crisis that no one ever warned you about. While most college students are thrilled that finals are over and preparing to eat every crumb of food left in their parent's fridge, college seniors are peering into the dark abyss of life.
Not Just Ayotzinapa So much continues to go unreported in Mexico's Narco-ravaged cities. This becomes especially jarring when you've been living in Boston for the better part of the last year. This is what a normal day looks like at home.
How to Survive the Holidays at Home Going to college breeds a newfound sense of independence. You redefine your sense of normal and your sense of home.  Then, you're thrown back into the time warp that is your childhood home and it brings the back all the feelings of being of child without actually being a child.
Title IX Administrators Discuss Emotional Demands Of Job 
When Terrorists Win I say that these terrorists were successful because they simply were. They achieved their intended goal. They kept this film from being released, so that audiences could not see the material in it, which they deemed offensive.
Teaching, Learning and the College Ratings Framework By dismissing the primary work of colleges and universities --- teaching and learning --- as impossible to measure across institutions, the proposed framework exposes the utter folly of the Administration's plan to impose some kind of generic rating system on the thousands of disparate institutions of higher education in this nation.
The Truth About Transfer Admissions Colleges won't admit transfer students without really compelling reasons for the transfer, so be detailed and thoughtful in your essays. This is where your research will really come in handy!
My Circle Inspired Me to Open a Conversation Beyond Just Tech I wasn't given the opportunities I deserved and I was often silenced when I wanted to take things to the next level. People treated me differently because I was a woman.
How to Welcome Opportunities If you think of yourself as risk-averse, try to look at risks in a different light. As one of my closest friends would say
Doing the Right Thing As we continue to seek strong leadership for institutions in all sectors of higher education, I believe we should seek people who exemplify these \Five \C's of Leadership.\
The Lost Art of Partying Gone are the days when people tried to make the best of an awkward situation, or strike up a conversation with someone you wouldn't have otherwise met. Instead, we go to parties to all sit in our respective corners and stare at our phones, waiting for something better to text us.
Sexual Assault Statistics Are Not The Point 
2 Men Who Are Doing Great Work on Campuses I had the privilege of speaking again at St. Joseph's College in Long Island in November. I really love this school and their commitment. The staff is committed to dealing with sexual assault prevention and response head on.
WATCH 
Walking the Deferral Tightrope While getting deferred is disappointing, the students are still under consideration. The deferring college just wants to look at them in the regular admission pool. While chances of ultimately getting accepting are somewhat less than regular admissions, they still have a chance.
College Rejection Doesn't Have to Mean Frustration Students can do a great deal, both before and after applying, to ensure that they maintain their sanity, embrace colleges' decisions, and actually increase their chances of getting into their favored schools.
What Not to Say to College Students Oh, you know, writing a couple of 1,000 word essays a term with barely any contact time is just a walk in a park. Seriously. A college degree isn't meant to be easy -- come on people.
The University of Virginia and the Risky Illusion of Validity As events continue to unfold at the University of Virginia, we are seeing a common element form in the actions and response from each of the major players involved
Ivy League President Criticized For Joining Protesters' 'Die-In' 
Are College Students Tempted To Sleep With A Hometown Ex During Breaks? 
A Little Nuance With Frats, Please Individual fraternities vary about as widely as humans do. As with any organization, it depends on who is in them, particularly their leaders.
To My Unborn Son The Yale Black Men's Union launched the To My Unborn Son campaign as an intimate conversation with the parents of Michael Brown Jr.
Mexico's Malinchismo If we hope to truly address the rampant corruption and lack of accountability that has plagued Mexican politics, we first have to acknowledge the self-defeatist attitude and deep social divides that have existed in the country since its inception. This is a battle to be fought by everyone.
How to Write a Harvard-Worthy College Application Essay When you allow a bit of mystery into the end, you let the reader know that you're okay with not knowing everything. That shows maturity, and it lets the colleges know that you're in a perfect place to dive into the complicated issues you're going to face in your college classes.
How Not to Go Broke This Holiday Season The holiday season is hard on everyone, but the best suggestion I can give is to remember that the gifts are not the important part. The final gift that you can really give, and for some it costs nothing, for others a lot, is to try to find a way to be there for the holidays.
Why I Still Believe Rape Survivors As people begin to question the integrity of the Rolling Stone journalist who broke the UVA rape story, the veracity of the survivor, and whether this whole issue should ever have been raised in the first place, there are many lessons we can all learn as this story continues to unfold. We need to stand together against sexual violence.
Jimmy Carter Pushes Colleges To Get Tougher On Campus Rapists 
College Students Greet Eric Garner Decision Already Primed For Protest 
Why It's Not Worth It to Settle for Just Any Job After College We all know someone who is chasing their dreams and following their passions before graduation, so why stop once you have the diploma?
Three More Flaws in Harvard's Sexual Harassment Policy It would behoove Harvard administrators to include meaningful protections for accused students and consult in advance with those who might identify due process problems before the policy goes live.
14 Ways To Successfully Wrap Up 2014 The holiday season may present a packed calendar with parties, trips, and work to finish up, but don't wait until 2015 to make resolutions, start something new, or to make self-improvements.
I Tagged Along With an EDM DJ for a Night in New York. Here's What Happened. I looked out over the crowd from the DJ booth. They lolled beneath the fumes for the first hour of the show.
US-Pakistan Relations What is Pakistan's problem? Let us come back to that first. Pakistan needs to make its stature clear and work on the common interests which will be of essence be it trading or opening up safe and secure paths to foreign investments.
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly of Student Loans Acquiring student loan debt can be an intimidating, confusing process; however, in today's educational environment, it's often a necessity in order to finance a college education. With proper advance knowledge and research, student loans are a worthwhile option.
College Presidents Promise To Help The Poorest, But They've Done The Opposite 
An Ovation for Jefferson County You know the moment when you ready yourself to leap to your feet at the end of a symphony, only to hear that glimmer of a violin note that keeps you glued to your seat and safe from mortification? That was me a few weeks ago at the College Board Forum.
The Top 7 Essential College Video Games No dorm or college pad is complete without the essentials. The bean bags or futon, the cards against humanity and, of course, the video games.
Women in College Leadership As you explore options for college, you are likely to ask about programs, affordability, facilities, housing, sports, and safety. Are you, though, asking about leadership?
Can Change At UVA Make Campuses A Safer Place? 
Top 5 Reasons to Drop Your Ex This Break Up Season Tis' that dreadful time of the year once again, Break-Up Season. I know what you're all thinking, \Bae and I will never end.\ Aw, so precious, yet so na\u00efve and oblivious (Side note
Why We Should Ditch Complaining and Actually Do Something About Our Problems Complaining leaves us nowhere, no better than before the complaint left our mouths. It's \madness\ and it makes us the victims in our own life stories. Instead of complaining in vain, we have three options we should use instead.
Life of a Resident Assistant You hear free living, free dining, and cheap parking and you immediately jump. Especially as a college student. But that's not what entirely pulled me in to applying to be a Resident Assistant.
UVA Official 
Northwestern Scraps Possibility Of Payday For Professor Accused Of Assaulting Students 
Mirror, Mirror, On The Wall, You're to Blame When Our Confidence Falls Whether it's 8p.m. on a Friday night or 8a.m. Monday morning, mirrors are an important part of our daily lives. They see us during our worst moments and at our finest. But what do we see in them?
A Master Plan Abandoned Student fees have yet again been raised at the University of California, with the University of California Regents on the precipice of approving a plan to increase fees over the next five years, resulting in an eventual 25 percent increase from current rates.
UVA Wants Investigation Of Alleged 7-Member Fraternity Gang Rape, 2 Years Later 
A Letter to My Fellow Students Sexual assault is not just a crime; it is a gross violation of our human rights. As the conversation about sexual violence ignites on the national platform, small-scale, university-focused efforts are the key to impacting sustainable change.
Phi Kappa Psi Frat Vandalized, Students Protest After Rolling Stone Article 
We Are More Than an Ivory Tower The documentary Ivory Tower debuts tonight on CNN, and it identifies some very real problems with higher education in this country. It is unacceptable that we would ignore the message of Ivory Tower at our own peril.
When Does a College's Obligation to Its Students End? The idea that graduates' collegiate mentors should remain in touch hardly seems shocking; speaking personally, both of us have had mentors who have stayed in touch decades after we first met them.
For college freshmen, Mental Health Help Should Come Early On 
Kickstart Your Career By Finding - and Funding - Inspiration Abroad As more millennials have entered the work force, the competition for the perfect job has become increasingly stiffer. Once an impressive addition on a resume, a college degree is no longer a meaningful differentiator.
An Open Letter to Chancellor Syverud As I asked that student in 1986, I ask you now, Chancellor Syverud
It Takes Teamwork to Make a Dream Work 
Training Tomorrow's Leaders in Higher Education By the time the offer is made, the Screening Committee has assured itself that they have managed to attract a uniquely qualified candidate who represents the very best of the search firm's virtual rolodex.
The Intrinsic Value of Liberal Education A liberal education is an expansion of consciousness
White House-Sponsored Week Of Action Aims To Raise Awareness Of College Sexual Assault 
This App Wants To Help Your Drunk Self 
A Week in Seoul While understanding the barriers and limitations to some applications, it is extremely useful to talk to people in different environments to see what has or hasn't worked. In our global community, we can all do more to share ideas and best practices.
We Still Need Women's Colleges I am convinced that educators should work aggressively to save women's colleges because they offer a significantly differ learning experience that is valuable to many women.
Survey Finds Continued Lack of Institutional Support for Part-Time Faculty As the ranks of individuals employed in part-time academic appointments have grown, many part-time faculty lack the support of the colleges and universities where they work. A new report highlights that many part-timers even lack institutional email accounts.
Hey, All You 20-Somethings Everyone my age has some dangling worry trailing around after them everywhere that they're somehow not doing everything, that what they're doing is not altogether the right thing, that they are missing out. The doubt is natural, and everyone you know -- yes, even that person -- carries it sometimes too.
Why Every College Student Should Work on a Political Campaign Recently, I had the opportunity to intern with a local state senate campaign. As a communications major pursuing a career in entertainment media, I didn't imagine how much I would learn about politics, my community, leadership, and myself.
The Value of Collegiate Athletics We cannot allow the prestige and money that follow top-tier college sports programs to blind us to our overriding purpose
Know Your BFA \Must-Haves\ With so many BFA offerings, students and families can be overwhelmed with the task of compiling a college list that fits their needs.
Why Transgender Students Belong at Women's Colleges Sometimes the fear of consequences appears so great that we hold on to tradition much longer than we need to. That was surely the case more than 100 years ago when the revolutionary idea of higher education for women was introduced. We are at another such groundbreaking moment now as women's colleges face the decision of whether and how to admit transgender women.
Searching for My Identity and the Right House The unknown path in Peru is as liberating as my view of the future. I am excited with the feeling of not knowing where I am going. The foreign is as comfortable as the familiar. Thus, I am satisfied not knowing my dream house since I will keep creating it as I continue to evolve.
A Letter From 21-Year-Old Me to 18-Year-Old-Me There's so much uncertainty surrounding what the next few years might look like, but you're going to be okay. Through all the stress and worries, you're going to be okay. I promise.
For America's Future, Engineering Needs to Diversify With the bright science students we see at UC Davis, we know that bias is unfounded, and we have programs designed to help get young girls excited about science.
'Stuff' That's Difficult to Find -- Let Alone Understand -- But Important to Know for College Applications In September, I offered a HuffPost blog entitled, \Help for the 6 Most Confusing Parts of the New 2014-15 Common App.\  Since that time, a lot of other questions have come up from students and parents. Here are some of the more frequently asked.
We All Lose Under Current Student Loan Bankruptcy Rules 
3 Tips to Startup in College From a Successful Studentpreneur Recently, I asked Co-Founder and CEO of New Grounds Food, Johnny Fayad, his opinion on how more college students can start up their own ventures because he is currently operating a startup all the while attending Northeastern University.
Help Out a School Counselor? I'm In, With #hscc2015 Two dozen colleges know that in order for good college counseling to occur for everyone, the college conversation has to include everyone -- which means my fellow college guide authors and suppliers of college application support have some catching up to do.
#TheMeccafest Howard University's Homecoming celebration is one known for its immense turn out to events with even bigger names attached to them. For 90 years, the celebration has garnered a public filled with Howard students, alumni, the DMV Community, and of course -- those out-of-town friends who crashed on couches to experience such an epic weekend.
What It Means to Seize Your Youth There is no \right\ way to seize your youth, as everyone's path is different. You are as young as you'll ever be in this very moment, so whatever age you are, don't just seize the day, seize your youth.
Lost in Translation As I hopelessly imitated our teacher, I tried to avoid looking at them. I'm not ashamed of my body but I''m not amazed by it either. I'll even be the first to admit that self-confidence isn't one of my strong suits.
The Father of Freakonomics Dr. Becker won almost every award there was to win in his profession -- including a Nobel Prize in economics and the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President George W. Bush. Becker's book Human Capital (1964) is already as iconic as Adam Smith's writings on laissez faire.
Here Are Disturbing Examples Of A 'Pro-Rape' Attitude At A Georgia Tech Frat 
A Commitment to Making College Accessible to First-Generation College Students As a first-generation college student myself, I can personally attest to the life-changing impact college has had for me, and for many people I have had the privilege to know because of my choice to attend college and further continue my studies.
'Rapebait' Frat Encouraged Sexual Violence Among Members 
7 Ways to Test Out If a Career Is Right For You Graduation is just a few months away, and you still have no idea what you want to do after college. Well, you can take solace in the fact that you are not alone. The feeling is common, especially for students whose college major doesn't directly align with a career path.
Consultant's Report Blames Sexual Assault Activists For Campus Unrest 
The Two College Strategy Reduces the Benefits of College he selection of colleges seem to focus and where and how to get the best post-graduation jobs.  In order to accommodate (pay for or get into) the best possible college, there is growing acceptance of, and curiosity around, what I call the Two College Strategy.
Gratitude and 6 Other Things I Learned at Boarding School Now that I am more than two years removed from my Porter's graduation date I have truly come to appreciate the experience.
Why These Five Numbers Shouldn't Limit Your Potential When we remember that these numbers do not confine us, we can start creating the life we want to live. No more limitations.
Why Social Media Guidance Is Important Social media Web sites have become a global information network that undoubtedly has many benefits. However, with this increased exposure, it is vital to make sure our students are wise and remain safe as they post information online.
Looking Beyond the Classroom to Award/Earn College Credits With the median age of a college student closer to 27 than 19, we need to provide options that enable students to capitalize and benefit from their experience. The advent of Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) is a definite step in the right direction.
Save Your Pennies High school students and their families getting ready to apply for college are probably most focused on the cost of attending, but they also should be aware of the hefty costs associated with just applying to college.
I Live Because I Dance I will never be a professional dancer, and that's okay. Because I'll always be able to perform for someone, teach someone, share the happiness of dancing with someone... and that is all I could hope for.
What Americans Want To See Happen To Frats Caught Hazing 
Do You Live In The Most Expensive Dorm In the Country? 
Breaking the Debt Cycle Peer-to-peer lending is one of the hottest trends in this new world of loans, and can change the way we look at debt -- particularly the crushing burdens of student loans and the growing expectations of post-graduate degrees.
From a Recruiter And if you are a junior or senior (or an eager freshman or sophomore), chances are you will be attending a lot of events this fall ranging from formal corporate presentations to more casual networking lunches. The tricky part? You won't be alone.
Higher Education and the Public Good In short, the societal benefits of higher education far outweigh the benefit to any individual, and investment in higher education is easily repaid to the nation many times over.
With College So Expensive, How Do You Choose Where to Visit and Apply? How do you know which colleges to visit? When? What to do? Here's how to choose the right college amidst fierce competition and rising costs and how to determine the ROI (return on investment) of a college education.
How Philadelphia Is Bringing Together the Country's Top Millennials 
White House Civic Summit on Higher Education The meeting on October 16 brought together about 50 White House aides, agency officials and staff, higher education leaders and community activists and civic leaders.
Pumpkin Festival Turns To Total Mayhem 
Multiple People Allegedly Given Date-Rape Drugs At UC Berkeley Fraternity 
What I Learned From 10 Days Without Shampoo Backpacking has taught me a lot, and I will carry all of those lessons with me into the future, but here's the thing -- I don't plan on carrying much else.
Affordability and Attainment Economic diversity at most top universities remains low. But the conversation on this issue is often one-sided, focused narrowly on why there aren't more low- and middle-income students enrolled. Equally troubling is what happens to these students when they manage to get in the door.
Do This to Improve Your College Chances It's time to stop thinking about getting into college, and start thinking about going to college.  Do the schools on both lists offer the same majors?  Have about the same class size?  Do the students at all schools care equally about learning, or thinking, or Friday night?
Ask, Memory Interrogation differs from reflection. Reflection has a dreamy quality to it, where memories drift in as if harnessed to clouds. Reflection relies on chance. Interrogation is forceful. It's deliberate. It exposes every fact, feeling, and idea that it can.
Rethinking Community Service It turns out that there is a simple way each and every one of us can help. That is through a humanitarian mapping global collaboration.
Out of the Blue The Nobel Prize in physics was awarded last week to Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura, who devised a way to create a semi-conductor that emits blue, thus enabling the LEDs that illuminate our phones, televisions, and computers. They provide an opportunity for us to reflect back on the cultural potency of blueness.
Sexual Assault Will Not Be Solved by Public Relations After survivors filed federal Title IX and Clery Act complaints against UC Berkeley for sweeping cases under the rug to the U.S. DOE, spearheaded state and federal legislation and created a national dialogue about campus sexual assault, how does UC Berkeley respond? By hiring a few people, making a website and creating posters.
6 Things Your Sloppy College Years Will Teach You Even if you are newly graduated and daunted by your new life as a \real adult,\ don't be afraid. Your college self is still there somewhere (probably in your heart and somewhere in the damage to your liver).
Life After College?! 
7 Perspectives From International Princeton Students While it is important to be well-read and keep up with the news, it can be equally important to make sure the news stories mean something to you personally.
Colleges Are Reporting More Sexual Assaults, And That's A Great Sign 
At Florida State, Football Clouds Justice 
College Rankings There isn't a definitive list or a guide to tell you how to get the perfect job in a desired profession; and there is (absolutely) no list available to tell you which college to attend to get a job in your desired field.
Students Shaping the Future On Friday, Lynn will open its doors to several renowned social and environmental activists as well as delegates from around the world.
Lady Intern I'm a 40-something intern in Hollywood. I know. For some of you, that may sound like a fate worse than death. Others may applaud my moxie for taking a chance at the mid-point of my life.
Want to End Campus Sexual Assault? Tackle the Primary Issue Being Ignored Until we're willing to deal with the fact that young people are sexual people who need more realistic, developmentally appropriate guidance when it comes to sexual expression and satisfaction, the situation is not going to change.
Callous or Callow Southerners love their \heritage\ because it has enabled many of them not to confront their history. Those two young women with their Confederate flag and Southern pride had to travel all the way to Bryn Mawr to learn that history.
The Secret Sauce of College Admissions The numbers suggest that the older ways of recruiting a class must change quickly if tuition-dependent institutions are to continue to be viable.
E-Mails Are Forever it is unethical to discuss such personnel issues outside of the committee to begin with, but by revealing the decision-making process in writing, he inadvertently gave his colleague and her lawyer a document that later became the centerpiece of a successful lawsuit.
Stop Hitting the Snooze Button Why are goals so important and more importantly, why are they so hard to complete? Goals add direction and purpose to an individual's life. They represent progress and when accomplished, provide a feeling of self-worth.
Making Your Post-Breakup Masterpiece, One Location Permit at a Time The excitement that comes from doing what you love is, also, seemingly, the remedy to the romantic blues.
UGA Football Overshadows Yom Kippur On Sept. 30, myself, along with four other students at the University of Georgia came together to write a letter on behalf of the UGA Jewish community in response to the University scheduling Homecoming on Yom Kippur.
What Gameday Looks Like At These College Campuses 
Transferring From Community College to Top University Can Be Done Contentedness is simpler -- more comfortable, and often appears in the guise of safety. However it will almost always hinder progress, making it impossible to move forward.
Money Mistakes Freshman Can Make if You Don't Talk to Them About It While Parents' Weekend and the chance to see your new college student face-to-face may be right around the corner, don't forget how much they would like to hear from you between now and then, and add in some practical money tips for good measure.
Where Can I Sign up for the Activities Fair? Yes, we probably shouldn't all up and quit our jobs every few months. Probably not the best tactic. But there is absolutely no harm in exploring other curiosities. You may not be in your dream job, but you may not know what that next step may be just yet either.
Let Delta Chi At The University Of Maryland's Ice Bucket Challenge Remind You That Not All Frats Are \u2018Bad' 
The Constant Conflict Between Feminism and Nationalism While the word Delhi flashes images of friends and family, it also stands for fear and embarrassment that I often feel. The condition of women in our country is a disgrace, I feel myself turning red with shame every time it is discussed.
Forbes Column Warns Drunk Women Will Ruin Fraternities 
The Importance of Partnerships Junior and community colleges were created as partnerships between local governments and state governments to help provide affordable access to higher education and it worked well.  College has been the doorway to a brighter future for millions of Americans, but that door has been closing.
A Freshman's Guide to Feminism in College Feminism is not a movement that advocates shaming, hating, or prejudice against men. This is a movement of equality, not one of gender domination.
This College Student Is Trying To Eliminate Small Talk One Big Question At A Time 
Elite Colleges Demand Big Changes At Fraternities 
Will Only Full Payments Count Towards Public Service Loan Forgiveness? 
Lost in Translation Being abroad this semester in Salamanca, Spain, the word 'lost' has taken on new meaning. 'Lost' for me now extends to homesickness, jet lag and culture shock. It's wondering if other students will ask for your company tonight, or hoping service on Viber isn't too fuzzy to talk to your mom.
Teaching the Next Generation of Leaders 
Shonda Rhimes Rules the World Shonda Rhimes. Her name alone elicits the kind of prestigious, yet thrilling notion that John Gresham or Dick Wolf would have in the mid-nineties. But this time around, she's a powerhouse of inspiration and childhood nostalgia that I could've never imagined looking up to in all of my 19 years of being a straight American male.
Why College Students Are Stealing Their Textbooks 
Spending a Summer as a Camp Counselor Could Be the Best Decision You Make in College Camp counselors are given numerous opportunities to teach, listen, support, mediate, aid, lead, and make critical decisions. There is no career that doesn't implement these skills, meaning there is no person who would be wasting their time by spending a summer at camp.
Insomnia, Hemingway's Mouth, and the Cultural Referent All this leads me to consider something I encounter when I try to engage my college students
Am I the Only Virgin in College? I often hear this question, spoken with anguish, in my office.  It's not the real question being asked, but it's the one that's easiest to pose. The short answer is \no.\ You can't take it back so listen to yourself, think about what kind of experience you would really like, and don't worry how many virgins are wandering around campus.
6 Must-Have Pieces of Advice for College Graduates As a fairly recent college graduate, there are a few lessons I have learned along the way that have truly helped me thrive in my professional career and garner the experience needed to keep moving forward and achieving my goals. If you're college bound, halfway through, or about to graduate, these tips are definitely for you.
Dear Ernest, #2 It might sound clich\u00e9 at a glance, but there is actually a way you can still be yourself while also being the kind of person that exults leadership.
The 17 Best Public Colleges In The Country 
Students To University 
Is ISIS Not as Powerful as You Think? I'm not trying to argue that we shouldn't be fearful of ISIS, but I do think it's important to gauge exactly how much fear is appropriate before we start deciding what to do about it.
Growing Up in the Shadow of 9/11 As an incoming sophomore in college now, I understand even more about the extraordinary impact that 9/11 had on America.
College Relations For most of American history, America's colleges and universities have sat in isolated splendor as \cities upon a hill\ separated by gates and green lawns from the towns in which they lived. In these circumstances, the college relied on its non-profit status as an educator and saw little value in extending its relationships very deep into the neighborhoods that surrounded it.
There is More to Life Than Freshman Year Sometimes you have to completely throw yourself into something and not look up until all you see is clear sky. I think expectations, snap judgments, and insecurities cloud the conscience; they keep us from living and investing in the present.
Perfect v. Good Real life is notoriously imperfect.  Somehow, this ill-conceived quest for perfection in higher education seems rooted in nostalgia for an outmoded collegiate ideal.
WATCH 
This Man Ate 100 Chipotle Burritos To Help His Fraternity Brother With Cancer When one fraternity brother wanted to raise money for a good cause, he started eating burritos. Lots and lots of burritos.
Opening the Doors of Elite College When I transferred to NYU, my dream college, the experience was starkly different. Catering to traditional students -- younger than I was, financially dependent upon parents and without children -- NYU fell short in addressing my needs.
What to Look Forward to as a Senior Britney Spears said it best with \I'm not a girl, not yet a woman.\ We seniors are standing at this awkward intersection, but there is so much to look forward to this year and beyond.
An Accounting of Word Counts Whenever I used to advise students on early drafts of college essays, I assured them that I didn't care about word counts. \Write it long, write it short -- I don't care,\ I'd tell them. \Just get your thoughts on to the page.\
How My Love Life Went From 50 Shades of Grey to Gay A few weeks went by with what some would say was conversation, but felt more to me like he was reading my soul. I felt like he had me all figured out, more than I had myself figured out. I remember being frustrated that he hadn't asked me for my number yet.
Escaping the Higher Education Stockholm Syndrome I wouldn't be one of the thoroughbreds the article describes, circling an endless track of exams, interviews and extracurriculars just to hit the next career step. At the very least, I'd build my own track.
4 Back-to-School Myths About College Textbooks 
University Considered Community Service Too 'Punitive' For Rape Punishment 
Dear Ernest, #1 College students spend more time trying to unify themselves to the same expectations that high school required without appreciating the opportunity to create their own unique standard.
Academic Freedom at the University of Illinois I hope there will be justice for Professor Salaita, but we must distinguish his First Amendment right to free speech from the more general question of academic freedom.
School District Cuts Ties With Christian College Over Anti-Gay Request 
College Must Be More Than Just a Classy Trade School Sure, we must pay attention to what our graduates will do with their education, and we must give them the skills to translate what they learn in classrooms to their lives after graduation. But we shouldn't reduce our understanding of \their lives after graduation\ to their very first job.
A Meditation on Violent Language Chancellor Phyllis Wise's letter to the campus was a prime example of violent language -- all the more violent because of its calm, rational, removed tone.  This is the kind of bureaucratic language that has the power to do much more harm than an angry expletive posted about a war.
Napping Around 
Attention, Freshmen Don't be scared. You will struggle and you might even fail a course or two. You might even break down and cry a few times. But if you work hard and stop second-guessing your every decision, you will get through it all and succeed.
Education Is the Avenue to Prosperity in America America's most affluent have made their fortunes in different ways, but one thing is clear
University's Planner Features Lovely Photo -- Of The Wrong School 
These 25 Famous Former Interns Are Proof That Hard Work Does Pay Off 
Educational Challenges in \Flyover Country\ Our remote, rural location means the national issues churning around higher education -especially the proposed solutions - are often irrelevant, if not detrimental, to our situation.
You Can Now Study Reddit At MIT 
Why Colleges and Universities Should Be Worried About Campus Sexual Assault Investigations The storm of criticism, investigations and lawsuits arising from the campus sexual assault crisis suggests that this is a critical opportunity for colleges and universities to self-examine the weaknesses in the existing systems of prevention and investigation of sexual assaults.
The Overachiever's Guide to Junior Year Identify a second faculty mentor for research. Meet at least once a semester with both of your faculty mentors to explore research opportunities, including paid summer experiences. Also, if you plan on applying to graduate school, request letters of recommendation.
No, Northern Illinois University, Your Web Policy Really Isn't OK Why would a student accessing Wikipedia receive a warning about \Illegal or Unethical\ content if NIU is just trying to address sites that \pose an active security risk?\
Starting College With memories of high school graduations still strong but sadly beginning to fade, as in the cascade of summers before,  millions of families are busily preparing for a signal event in their lives.
University of Illinois Repeals the First Amendment for Its Faculty It is not an exaggeration to say that the Chancellor and the Board of Trustees have now declared that the First Amendment does not apply to any tenured faculty at the University of Illinois.
WATCH 
5 Ways to Get More Out Of Your Classes This Fall The classroom is where you'll learn all of the information that you apply to your internships and your professors are great professional contacts for you and can be sources of recommendations in the future.
13 Ways You Know You're a Broke College Student 2. You wipe your mouth with the napkins you hoarded from Chipotle. What, is the huge corporation going to miss a few napkins? You're basically Robin Hood.
9 Things a Millennial Will Never Admit Millennials are constantly wary of being \called out\ in person or online.
Maison de Madness The pressures for obtaining a convenient and comfortable home is still very evident as real estate in Kingston, and many other Canadian college towns, is slowly being exploited to the market imbalance of the newly emerging student housing business.
10 Surprising Facts About The Sex Lives Of Single Men 
Extra, Extra! How to Get Your Face On Screen Most movie extras are not professionals in the acting business, but rather just people who you would see on the street. Everyone has the opportunity to become a movie extra, if they only know how.
Is College Worth the Cost of Attendance? With the cost of attendance rising across the board, for universities and community colleges across the country and student debt rising exorbitantly, more and more students, parents, and educators worry about the overall value of higher education and the return on investment.
The Overachiever's Guide to Senior Year For nearly two decades, I've been committed to preparing the most inspiring and motivated college students for graduate/professional school and lifelong achievement. I have learned that my very best students were focused, driven, and disciplined enough to follow these key steps-to-success during their senior year.
How College Students Order Food 
10 Things to Pack When You Go to College Whether you are heading off to college this fall as a freshman or as a returning student, it is critical that you think about your preparation -- not just in the practical matters of packing to outfit your residence hall room -- but also in preparing your mindset so you can truly get the most out of college.
Diverse Conversations Many higher education professionals often complain that the higher-ups at their institutions are not transparent in their dealings. This can have a negative impact on faculty morale and thus a devastating effect on the functioning of an institution.
Diverse Conversations Recognizing the trends of higher education is important for those of us who are involved in it on a professional level. But what are the trends?
Ferguson's Lessons for the Fall Semester As students return to school this fall with the echoes of gunshots and angry protests reverberating across the country, how will teachers address the lessons of Ferguson?  Will they even be able to do so?
How Would You Redefine Study Abroad? A new initiative at the International Institute of Education is sparking conversation, asking us how we can increase the cultural awareness in our students and encourage them to learn in environments outside of their comfort zone.
Recapping the Women's College Advantage As a women's college alumna, my contention is that women's colleges are today's best kept secret in higher education. It's the main reason I started blogging and with so many advantages, it would be remiss of me not to continue to do so.
Hundreds Call On Dartmouth To Make A BIG Change 
Still Correct to Not Hire Anti-Israel Prof Yesterday, Stanford professor David Palumbo-Liu wrote a response to my piece, in which he claims that I am either willfully ignorant or distort facts. Readers can sort much of this controversy for themselves. However, I would like to briefly address several of Palumbo-Liu's assertions.
A Reply to Nathaniel Zelinsky Critics of UIUC's action do so not to defend someone critical of Israel -- it is to defend all scholars against the capricious will of administrators to deny employment to faculty who hold unpopular beliefs.
Iowa State Students Look For Replacement To Annual Rage Fest 
Diverse Conversations Up there with the tenure system, the peer-review process is perhaps one of the most baffling and convoluted aspects of modern academia. What is it, though, and how exactly does the process of peer-review work?
Diverse Conversations More and more academics are recognizing the potential to supplement their income from higher education positions with out-of-the-box projects and schemes.
The Randomest, Awesomest Things That Make College Students Happy 
Dartmouth Posts Fundraising Record Amid U.S. Sexual Assault Probe 
An Instagram Worth a Thousand Likes Within the flurry of social medias, it's unsurprising that Instagram has steadily gained clout over other popular platforms. How else could the phrase \selfie\ blossom? Underneath who-knows-how-many layers of Lo-Fi and Valencia filters, the answer -- quite literally -- is staring us in the face.
We're All on Our Way Out I don't have a younger sister, but if I did, this is what I would tell her, and what I wished someone would have told me.
Does Political Correctness Work? While our lexicons are being updated to reflect a changing understanding of prejudice, it's hard to imagine that some of us aren't losing our relation to the real-life problems that our language is trying to solve.
Student Debt May Have A Bigger Impact On Your Life Than You Realize 
Parents of Young Athletes Need to Keep Everything in Perspective You should be your kid's biggest supporter. But for parents of high school athletes, in particular, it's important to maintain perspective. Don't lose sleep worrying about catering to every need of your athletic child.
Sticker Shock! College Performing Arts Costs As you investigate colleges and costs, ask questions of admission and recruitment offices. They are more than happy to give you straightforward answers. And the department heads certainly have a point of view about the affordability of their particular programs.
Weed Was Way Cheaper On Campus 40 Years Ago 
3 Books Every Girl Should Read Before Starting College Gone are the days of assigned summer reading, so the summer before entering college is the perfect time to catch up on some enlightening reading for what little summertime we have left.
College President Gives $90,000 Of His Salary To Lowest-Paid Employees On Campus 
BYU Had A Great Reaction To, Once Again, Be Named The Most Sober School 
U.S. Air Force Academy To Probe Reports Of Rape, Drug Use 
Which College Athletes Smoke The Most Weed? 
Are College Students Sleeping With Toxic Flame Retardants? Mattress toppers are incredibly common in dorms around the country ,and it appears that most contain flame retardants that seep out and become part of our children's toxic body burden.
American Dream Fraud While I've been a true believer and I've perpetuated the belief in hard work as the great poverty buster, now when I talk to some of them I feel that I've perpetuated a great fraud upon them.
New Bill Would Shed Daylight On Schools Under Investigation For Sexual Violence 
George Ossei In the late 1700s there were about 427 free black men and 48 slaves living in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island. By 1825, Providence had 1,414 free black men and four slaves.
Adjuncts Would Get Student Debt Wiped Away Under New Proposal 
White House Counseling Summit Raises Hopes, Questions, and Possibilities 
This Man Dropped Out Of College To Make A Statement Against Circumcision 
What Year's Worth Of Campus Blotter Reports For One Party School Looks Like 
The Real College Financial Crisis If you want to understand the real college crisis in rising college costs, you don't need to look to the Ivy League or even your state's flagship university. Simply take a look at your local community college.
College Advice from the People Who Matter Most (Pt. I) The world enjoys no shortage of advice, both good and bad, about how students can get into college. But for all the thousands of dollars that families spend on preparation, all of that support vanishes once students actually enroll.
Iggy Azalea and Macklemore The braggadocio nature of a lot of hip-hop songs and the genre's roots as an outlet for African American youth has made Iggy Azalea's rise to popularity controversial. She has the longest run for a female rapper as #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with \Fancy.\
The 10 Best Colleges For Your Money 
Anthony Weiner's Former Mistress Lived In My Apartment For A Week 
What K-12 Systems Can Learn from Best Education College Rankings Student success stems from teacher capability. The educators who oversee today's classrooms directly determine how much their students learn.
Dorm Shopping 
How I Paid Off $117K Of Student Loans When Richard Kline graduated from law school in 2003, he had $117,000 in debt and jobs in the legal field were scarce, so he took a job as a mortgage loan officer. Despite his hard work and a housing market that was just starting to boom, he was barely making a dent in his balances.
What Education Of The Future Will Look Like 
I Learned Nothing in College As I reflect on my undergraduate experience, I feel that it was a colossal waste of time. My memories are a vague blur of hanging out with friends and cramming for exams --forgetting all the information on my way out the door.
College Women Gain Valuable Career Experience This Summer The summer months are the perfect time for college students to add relevant experience to their resume. This experience, whether you're going on to graduate school or launching your career after graduation, gives you a chance to stand out.
How to Stop 'Saving' the English Major I sometimes lie awake at night cursing the heavens, wishing that God had never forged a love of the written word from the steel of my very soul and instead forged something that would have allowed me to invent Candy Crush.
College Students Helped End the War in Vietnam; Can't They Stop Rape on Campus? These high achievers who are committed to academic excellence, community service and leadership are the dreamers who imagine what they want society to look like and will put in the time to create it.
To DC, With Love How can the place we live be comparable to say a boyfriend or a girlfriend? How can the streets we walk, the people we see, and the corner establishments we frequent be so impactful on our happiness?
Higher Education and Rising Inequality Higher education today embodies individualistic, hypercompetitive achievement norms which contribute to inequality in a number of ways.  And it has enormous, if often unacknowledged, power shaping career plans of its students and helping to authorize \what counts\ in the intellectual life of the nation.
Advising Students About College in This New Economy We wouldn't dare give a young person who is just starting out the same advice today about bank interest rates or real estate values that we did ten years ago. So why are we still giving out the same old advice about college?
The Curious Mechanics of EDM and How It Became Distinct From Electronic Dance Music Dispensable income and social networking tendencies of EDM fans have bolstered the global EDM market to the tune of $6.2 billion dollars. The commercialization of EDM has embittered fans and DJs alike, causing Deadmau5 to rename the genre \Event Driven Marketing.\
To Move Back in with Your Parents After You Graduate or Not After the caps have been thrown and the goodbyes have been said, it's time to decide where you are going to live post-college life. Moving back in with your parents is always an option, but is it the right one for you?
The Best of Summer 2014 Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is an incredible thriller like no other. It's much smaller in scale than its predecessor, but that only allows for it to tell a more intimate story. The political and family drama is intensely engaging and the action-packed climax is the most fun half hour you'll spend at the movies this summer.
4 Ways to Make Money After Graduation Let's face it
Possibly The Only Back To School To-Do List You'll Need 
Competition Through Cooperation in American Higher Education 
Don't Fight Summer Fun -- Make It Educational Some youth will go off to summer camps, or spend their free time exploring museums and nature; however, others will find themselves without important learning opportunities. Inevitably, a lack of exposure to learning opportunities from one school year to the next leads to summer learning loss.
The Top Five Myths About Attending An All-Women's College As soon as I leave the bubble of Smith College, I find myself having to explain or clarify various misconceptions that friends from high school -- and even the parents of these friends -- have about what it's really like to attend a school without any boys.
Staying in a College Town Over the Summer As clich\u00e9 as this probably sounds, college isn't just some step in your journey. It is its own adventure, filled with endless opportunities and lessons. And, where you are is a big part of that journey.
Doing Academic Time For those on the track leading to the awarding (or denial) of tenure, academic time plays a cruel joke
A College's Handling Of A Reported Rape Made The Victim Wish She Had Stayed Silent 
How to Prepare for College A student needs to develop the necessary skills to pursue a college degree, although in truth there are many kinds of colleges and some are far more difficult than others, both in terms of admittance and performance expectations.
My Mother Hated Tattoos, So Naturally I Got One For Her Mom was hysterical. Equal parts angry, touched and relieved I wasn't with child. \How can I be mad?\ she asked, I had hoped hypothetically. She loved it. But she was definitely kind of mad.
The Echo Chamber Is Getting Louder I dread social media during election seasons. I have friends who sit all across the spectrum of political ideology. The constant barrage of vitriolic online postings from both sides of the aisle is like being trapped inside a bass drum in a marching band.
5 Ways to Impress a Tough Boss Whether your boss is ignoring you or just being plain mean, we came up with some tips for how to handle even the toughest of bosses.
The Future of Higher Education If leadership ultimately must come from within higher education, will the disruptive innovators who understand the history and traditions step forward to make change happen?
UT Austin President Enters Standoff Over Resignation 
Choosing Your Professors and Keeping Those Ties Among the most important people who will influence your college life and, even life after, will be your professors. And they will help you increase your grades if you know how to engage them.
Writing the Common Application Essay and What to Avoid Your essays will bring authenticity to your application and allow the admission officers to learn who you are. You need to make sure this happens. So just how should you start writing your essays?
Declaring Our Independence Through Education On this July 4 we should dedicate ourselves to recovering the American promise that education should increase our independence. Since the founding of this country, education has been closely tied to self-reliance, to declaring one's independence through one's ability to think for oneself and creatively contribute to society. In a quickly shifting economic landscape, it is understandable that some parents and pundits are calling for streamlined learning to train people quickly. But gearing education only to meeting current economic conditions is a ticket to conformity -- and also to economic and cultural mediocrity.
I've Graduated.. But Don't Have A Job. Now What? Congratulations! After years of hard work, you've finally accepted your diploma, crossed that stage and entered the Real World.\n\nAnd you have zero job prospects lined up.
Is Pro-Marijuana Pro-Propaganda? 
Roy, Huck and Siddartha Last fall I was granted a sabbatical. I shared with my colleagues that I planned to practice the piano, focus on wellness, and re-read some of my favorite books, including The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.  One of the senior faculty asked me
A Cure for Microwave Spectrum Disorder When challenged about the effect on their psyches of what I generically dub anti-social media, students assure me that they are fully social, but their integration and communication is with a society other than the one in the room.
Hey Yale, Can You Tell Me What's Going On? Moving forward, when a sexual assault is reported on a college campus, it is investigated thoroughly and quickly, with an outside party overseeing the procedure. The outside party could be local law enforcement or a federal agency.
Soul Searching for Today's High School Student By the time I left SUNY at Albany in 1990, I knew attending college wasn't the right place. I did however, have to go through those two tough years to figure out what my soul needed.
How We Spent Our Summer Vacation In public higher education, many system-wide coordinating boards use the summer to conduct workshops aimed at briefing different groups of administrators on new regulations and at coordinating efforts among the system's various institutions.
Professor Arrested for Assault on Police, But Video May Tell Different Story At the time Professor Ore insisted that there was much more that happened that evening, but her story was not taken seriously and certainly it appeared nowhere on the news.
64 Colleges Are Under Now Investigation For Their Handling Of Sexual Assaults 
Review of Adam Phillips, Becoming Freud Phillips does tell us that, as a young child in the 1860s, Sigmund regularly found himself displaced by the birth of new siblings -- six in seven years. As newlyweds in the 1880s, Freud and his wife practically repeated this history, welcoming new children -- six in eight years.
Professor Slammed To The Ground By Police, Arrested For Allegedly Assaulting An Officer 
NYT Column Asserts We have this test, and it proves that our colleges and universities are terrible. I wonder if the solution will turn out to involve government regulation and private corporate take-overs. I would try to figure it all out, but gosh, I graduated from an American college in 1979, so I am probably too dumb.
What It Takes to Keep Your Cool I looked forward to the day when I could finally say I knew what it takes to be cool. I couldn't fathom it would be something that would disappoint me. That maybe I wouldn't want to be cool. But I don't. I can't.
5 Things to Help Millennials Take Back Their Lives What is it about millennials that makes us constantly forge happiness? I have faith in my generation. If we believe that we can break free from social media mania and adjust our lifestyles to reflect authenticity instead of deceit, we might be able to admit that life is not perfect.
Breaking Bad in Bavaria The best preparation I ever had for becoming a college president wasn't the Harvard IEM seminar or the administrative program at Cornell. It was breaking my ankle in Bavaria.
Why #FelonCrushFriday Should Change the Way We Think About Incarceration #FelonCrushFriday should be used to raise public awareness about the reforms needed in the criminal justice system and how each of us can extend a hand to those caught in its revolving doors. We can change the way we think about crime and incarceration.
\I'm Sorry to Say This About the Chinese\ From time to time, people who are about to condemn the Chinese apologize to me. They preface their comment with, \I am very sorry to have to say this,\ and they give me a pitying look.
TIME Magazine's Rape Crisis Article Perhaps, as we continue to talk about this horrible issue, and work collectively to eliminate it, we can help remove the stigma. When people feel ashamed they shut down or act out. Shame is directly connected with addiction.
A 360-Degree View on Studying Abroad Moving beyond borders for a novel experience can be the solution to your post-teenage existentialist crisis; discovering yourselves in different environments is both challenging and bold.
Setting the Record Straight on Sexual Assaults on Campus Student activist groups suggest that we should be skeptical of the number of assaults that universities track and they are frustrated with the denial and minimization of the problem of sexual assault on college campuses.
When Your HS Graduates Choose Community College It scares me how much the negative stereotypes of community colleges have crept into the national psyche. Because they creep into community college students' psyches as well and make them feel unworthy of success before they've even begun.
The 8 Most Important Lessons from My First Year Out of College During college, your hobbies are limited to drinking, eating, and maybe a small quotient of attending class. Not to say maintaining a good relationship with Netflix isn't a respectable way to spend your time... just maybe not all of it.
Starbucks and Arizona State Create a New Education Pathway The first lesson is it's about the student. The promise of an education is not a \point in time\ moment but a life long, evolving, arduous road filled with roadblocks and hidden surprises.
'The Drunk Song' Understands Your Drinking Habits Too Well 
Financial Advice for Recent College Graduates 
Beginning the Struggle It takes a novelist to remind us of something that is difficult for us to see from our perspective at the center of our own experience, namely, that our lives follow the curve of a narrative.
The 28 Lessons You Learn On Birthright 
Teagle Promotes Collaborative Humanities Learning at Stanford Professor David Lummus's \Italy
Here's How Much It'd Cost To Launch A Radical New Tuition Model 
Graduation Ceremonies Turned Into Silent Protests At Elite Universities 
How Your Student Debt Can Make You Sick And Depressed 
Diverse Conversations 
An Open Letter to Graduation Speakers We are shaming a whole generation into thinking there is something wrong with wanting a steady job, a good marriage, and perhaps some children, as if doing all those things and only making a modest living doing it somehow constitutes being a failure.
Large Number Of Recent College Grads Still Rely On Money From Parents 
Swarthmore College President Surprises Community 
The Day I Met James Franco Of all his 32 years, James Franco has become this generation's definitive inspirational scholar and this video validates that statement to the 10th power. For years, I've watched this video whenever I needed a bit of a boost of inspiration.
Sex Talk...Part 2 In an earlier post, I wrote about when I first started speaking on college campuses it was about addictions
Alumni Feel 'Deja Vu' On College Sexual Assault Controversies 
Recent College Grads Are Flocking To These Cities 
Manufacturing Jobs for Women Even when you tell them about the many high-paying jobs that are available in the manufacturing industry, it is just not a career that they are considering. And of those few high school students who might show an interest, fewer yet would be young women.
Professor Says CSU Fired Him For Appearing On A Beer Can 
Corley Gibbs Plants live a sedentary life (in case you forgot) but that doesn't mean they live a boring one. In order for plants to survive they must be constantly responding to the environment around them.
10 Easy Tips to Take You from College to Success in Jobs, Love and Life Graduation speakers generally leave out specific, practical information about the steps you need to take to move from the world of school to the grown-up world of work and relationships.
Why the Lack of Women in Politics? The main problem is that there are currently not many women holding significant positions, making it harder for young women to find role models.
Intersecting Ideas The truth is, the solutions to our toughest problems will not be found through a narrow specialization, but rather through an interdisciplinary approach, where each field of study can provide a stepping-stone to the eventual solution.
Why the Santa Barbara Shooting Is a Hate Crime Elliot Rodger's crime was not a blind one but a targeted one, aimed primarily at the women he felt rejected him, but also at the men he saw as competitors for women's sexual attentions. Either way, this was a misogyny-based hate crime. This was violence against women.
The Problem With Percentages and Education The national focus on elite and other selective post-secondary institutions obscures the enormity of the positive work other institutions provide and undermines the valuable information they can share about successful strategies for first-generation college students.
Let The Controversy Commence! History shows us that critics--outliers, whistleblowers, radicals of various kinds -- are usually the first to be silenced, so we should never be complicit in the work of silencing those with whom we disagree.
My Message to Harvard Kennedy School Grads Even as some countries continue steadily along the path toward greater democracy, others have taken some concerning steps back with respect to political rights and civil liberties. Your challenge is to ensure that democracy expands, deepens, and delivers.
Remarks to Babson College Even if you're not yet an entrepreneur, you can be entrepreneurial in everything you do. If you view each stop as an opportunity to learn something, there is always something you will take away from that experience.
Years Later It seems more done for the re-issue of the fun -- on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and for a while, Snapchat. The actual experience may be less important than the postscript and interpretation.
Top 10 Things Not to Say to Your 20-Something As parents of 20-somethings, you may be idling uncertainly between Mother's and Father's Days, wondering where you belong, until you realize
Inequality Deepens on University Campuses As the incomes of the 25 best-paid public university presidents soared, the livelihoods of their faculty deteriorated. Students comprise another university constituency that is faring poorly.
Human Trafficking The demand for this slave labor derives from the search for commercial sex or cheap labor. So why isn't the current slave trade an issue of more concern?
Amherst President Tells Grads To Take Pride In Starting A National Movement 
Brown Honors Graduates, Fails Survivors Brown failed me. Now, I want to make sure that it doesn't fail the next generation of students.
In Defense of Light and Magic Originally, one attended a \university\ to study the universe and to seek one's niche in it. The best universities are still such places, where the connections that bind us to one another and to the cosmos are unveiled. Being an educator -- helping students celebrate the mystery and explore the connections -- is, on good days, magical indeed.
How Not to Defend the Humanities The greatest threat in defending the humanities is that our true motivation become the love that dare not speak its name. We must not let that happen.
Working Toward the Future 
How American Universities Turned Into Corporations 
Fraternity Suspended For Putting Hot Sauce On Pledges' ... Um, Areas 
Pomp. Circumstance. Panic. Long ago, I was a nervous young graduate forced to appear in public wearing a humiliating cap-and-gown ensemble. What the real world had in store for me, I did not know. I presumed it would be like The Real World, whereby a television producer would provide me with a spectacular free loft to live in with a group of fun-loving peers.
Emerson's Advice to Millennials Our generation needs to always remember that over a hundred years before us, people stood right where we were and felt very similar things, struggling with the same issues. People have always had to dig themselves out of messes they had nothing to do with creating.
6 Totally Unsolicited Tips For My Little Brother On Graduation Weekend My little brother is graduating college this weekend, which makes him the first person in my immediate family to do that. It's a big accomplishment. So, naturally, I wrote him a list of 6 tips he didn't ask for and will probably ignore. You know. To celebrate.
Why Public Liberal Arts Colleges? The answer, I believe, is rooted in a particular history and vision of what post-secondary public education in a healthy democracy ought to look like.
How To Give A Commencement Speech In 8 Steps 
How to Fill Those Empty Spaces on Your Resume Throughout most of my twenties, I questioned my resume and its legitimacy. But lately, I have also begun to question the legitimacy of resumes, period.
Student Pays Tribute At Graduation To Twin Sister Shot Dead By Cops 
Black Men at Princeton Share Their Experiences This group's perspectives, sentiments, and realities are often not shared publicly in a setting where a history of elitism, privilege, and power is deeply-rooted.
When's The Right Time To Leave A One-Night Stand? 
Peyton Manning Goes To Graduation, Starts Throwing Passes To Seniors 
Why Happiness Is Like Cotton Candy 
Love Makes Space Each year at this time, when I'm called upon to send 600 graduating seniors out into the world, I'm struck by how differently the educators, the graduates, and their families perceive the moment.
Being Intentional About Defining 'College Life' There are many different types of institutions offering different education models.  But when consumers think about college, the first image that comes into the mind of many is that of the residential liberal arts college.
Reforming College Debt, Part I 
The Bright Side Of Getting Rejected From College 
Suggestions for Seniors Graduating From College Be aware that staying the course is considered by many a virtue, and flitting from one path to another every six months is not an advertisement for your persistence or stability when applying to graduate programs or seeking employment.
White House's Pick For Tackling Sexual Assault Has Some Problems Of Its Own 
College 
Tuition Cuts and Tuition \Cuts\ In a recent report on the state of legal education, Moody's, the credit rating service, noted in passing that tuition cuts are not necessarily an effective tactic for improving enrollment. The rationale is important for people to understand.
Be a Girl Who Writes Be a girl who writes because you'll better understand when life throws unexpected hurdles in your way -- as plot twists give us necessary segues -- and because you'll know that some relationships need to end when there are no more plotlines left to have between two people.
Four Ways You Can Seek Back Pay For An Unpaid Internship 
The 4 Things Every College Graduate Needs To Hear About What Not To Do 
Lawmakers Say More Work Needed After White House Task Force On Campus Rape 
Getting Serious About Ending Campus Rape Cases involving drugs or alcohol may be challenging to investigate if the victim is impaired. But that makes it all the more important to conduct a thorough investigation to put the evidence together.
Unions and College Football While the Northwestern decision will probably not change college football as we know it today, it could stimulate a reasoned discussion on the contributions of college athletes to the revenue generated by football and basketball.
Rutgers Invites Paralyzed Player To Speak, Then Takes It Back 
Freedom With a Twist of Maturity The only reason I actually studied and did my work in high school, I thought, was to get into a good college and to keep my parents out of my hair. But now that I am at good college, why am I still working hard?
Student Texts 'Goodbye Mama' In Final Message Right Before Tornado Strikes 
To The Princeton Privileged Kid 
Defense Against Offense In the same way that the apology has slowly begun to put the impetus of offense on the offended, it has now become the job of every Internet user to pretend to be as detached and armored as possible.
Motivational Psychology and Leadership in Higher Education Motivational psychology has been a popular topic recently as private-sector employers have been turning to social science for ideas on how to better motivate employees, improve performance, and increase their bottom lines.
Sexual Assault Prevention Three years ago, the American University administration announced that it would not be signing off on a grant proposal to the US Department of Justice for $300,000 in funding for sexual assault prevention resources because there would be a mandatory education component for students.
A Final Lesson for Grads If your boss needs results by Friday, deliver them Thursday. If she asks for two good solutions for some challenge, give her four great ones. Over-delivering is key.
For-Profit College Offers Students Pizza to Lobby Against Obama Regulation While it storms government offices with high-priced lobbyists, the for-profit college industry also is aiming to flood Washington with cards and letters from their students and staff opposing President Obama's gainful employment rule.
The Jets, Michael Vick and a College Dilemma Having served his time, is Michael Vick entitled to resume his profession? I'd say yes. Are people entitled to protest him and his animal abuse past? Also yes. But what about the bigger question
Elite Colleges Are Getting Harder To Get Into 
Is the American Dream a Dream Deferred? As an immigrant who became a citizen as a teenager, I have no choice but to understand and embrace these issues. However, real change and real difference will not happen until those who can't relate or don't understand decide to embrace the core issues plaguing our education system.
This 'What You're Like Drunk vs. Sober' Video Is Sadly On Point 
Higher Accountability for College Dropout Rates 
Another University Stops Students From Passing Out Copies Of The Constitution 
Applying Third Metric Principles to the College Application Process My only son will enter college as a first-year student in the fall. For the most part of the last year, he, and his parents, were immersed in the college-application rat race. It is very easy to lose sight of what is really important in the college search and application process.
From Days of Auld Langdell 
How State Lawmakers Are Using Budget Cuts To Control Colleges 
Supreme Court Decision Undermines Education and Opportunity University admissions programs are not the place to promote partisan visions of social justice, but they are the place to produce the most dynamic and profound learning environments.
Can We Finally Get Rid Of This Frat Now? 
A Q and A On Everything College Myths as rumors are often untrue and exasperate any situation. This is the case with the college admissions process as so many students and parents hear things that are just not the case.
Student Athletes or Employees What we need is truth in packaging and promotion. What we also need is a system that puts the concerns of all of those who participate in college sports first.
Taking Back Ownership of Our Food Let's grow our own food, and build communities supporting each other's production. Let's learn to do so in all kinds of spaces from neglected urban spaces to suburban backyards.
Start a Protest in Your Library 
The More You Pay, the More It's Worth Those lists are what stick with readers, even though The Atlantic, Slate and The Economist cite flaws in the report's methodology and acknowledge the complexity of determining the true value of higher education.
Student Athletes or Employees We want to believe that when we are watching college sports that we are seeing amateurs competing for the joy of competition and the love of the game. But, as we examined things more closely we got a different picture that caused us to modify our view and might also change public opinion somewhat.
How Much College Football Players Should Be Making 
How To Figure Out What You Really Want To Do In Life 
Bowdoin's Double Bogey This is American higher education today
Why Being Rejected By Your Dream School Isn't The End Of The World 
'The Only Way I Can Do This Research Project Is If I Become A Stripper' 
