She left her husband. He killed their children. Just another day in America.
State prosecutors say almost $84,000 had been deposited into her bank account while she was receiving public assistance.
\u201cWe thought we were going to die,\ one of the students said.
A male student, believed to be the suspect, has been detained, according to police.
The victims, who are now adults, were enrolled in a church-run program designed to give troubled teens a safe place to live.
The gunman was found dead after soaking his apartment in gasoline.
A case of road rage in Texas quickly escalated into a hateful and xenophobic diatribe.
Authorities confirmed the deaths of 10 people in the mass shooting. Here are their stories.
Federal prosecutors allege Melanie Murphey and others at Novus Health Services in Texas were trying to maximize profits.
\He's really lucky to be alive,\ a neighbor said.
\u201cThe dual mission of the Manhattan D.A.\u2019s Office is a safer New York and a more equal justice system,\u201d said District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr.
\u201cThat\u2019s my self-torture, I guess you could say. Yes, she was victimized. Yes, I was victimized, to myself.\u201d
\It's clearly despicable,\ said an attorney for the girl's family.
The victim is in stable condition after being shot in the arm.
Joseph James DeAngelo has now been charged in a dozen homicides.
\u201cI can only describe it as a horrific situation,\u201d a police commissioner said.
Michigan cops say Arthur Ream bragged \about murdering four to six people.\
Christann Shyvin Gainey was arrested after the 84-year-old died of a head injury at a nursing home last month.
\This is not something we commonly see,\ a cop said.
Prominent attorney Gloria Allred is representing the unidentified plaintiff.
Brandon Lecroy, 25, was indicted by a grand jury on charges of murder for hire.
Zimmerman appeared to threaten to feed the investigator to an alligator.
\We could finally have answers to one of the greatest whodunits of all time,\ a criminologist said.
It\u2019s the first time an annual death toll in active shooting incidents exceeded 90 since the FBI began tracking the crimes in 2000.
Rex Whitmire Harbour, 26, wrote that Nikolas Cruz was a \hero,\ officials said.
\He was only enjoying a glass of beer with his friend,\ the victim's wife said.
Police said the man \u201clikely saved\u201d the 18-year-old suspect's life with his bold move.
An official said the drones livestreamed video while they buzzed over the agents.
A suspect is in custody.
Connecticut authorities say a man took his wife hostage in their home for several days.
This is the first time she has spoken out since Bill Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault.
A Nevada Supreme Court has ordered Las Vegas police to release bodycam footage and audio from 911 calls from the night of the deadly rampage.
If convicted, Andres Lopez Elorez faces up to life imprisonment.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was driving without a license near a Florida high school. His probation banned him from getting close to schools.
A jury recommended a 10-year jail sentence and $20,000 fine for the attack on DeAndre Harris.
The plane and its crew had been actively involved in hurricane relief efforts.
Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault last week, but sentencing has not been set.
One supremacist allegedly \used a hatchet to chop off a portion\ of a victim's index finger.
One of the suspects is the son of Guinea's first president, CNN reports.
Bill Cosby's guilty verdict is a rare victory for survivors. But it will take a lot more to combat sexual assault myths that run rampant in courtrooms.
He was found guilty, but the system is still stacked against victims.
\This could be a serial killer's dumping grounds,\ a criminologist said.
Joseph James DeAngelo, 72, was arrested in connection with the string of crimes on Tuesday.
\u201cI think you got him, Michelle.\
Amber Wagers was last seen getting into a white car on Wednesday.
The 80-year-old comedian was accused of drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004.
Cosby's outburst came after the prosecutor said the comedian was a flight risk.
One alleged victim claims she got a serious infection after they extracted several teeth.
\I support the girls,\ Judge Rosemarie Aquilina said.
\For over 40 years, helpless victims have waited for justice,\ a district attorney said.
It's been nearly 50 years since the first homicide.
Officer Rogelio Santander, 27, died the day after the shooting.
\It got to a point where I couldn\u2019t control it anymore,\u201d he said.
Tennessee lawmakers presented James Shaw Jr. with a resolution that calls him \a hero twice over.\
Travis Reinking, 29, was armed when he was arrested Monday, police say.
The father allegedly told his daughter, \u201cWhat did you do? Were you playing with daddy\u2019s gun? ... You aren\u2019t supposed to play with daddy\u2019s gun.\u201d
The unidentified gunman was found dead outside the restaurant. Officials have not given a motive.
An incarcerated woman said that she and her partner were involved in Shawn Arthur's death.
The actress is accused of recruiting women who were forced to engage in sex with a cult leader.
The Me Too movement has launched a national discussion on sexual violence. But experts are skeptical about its power inside a courtroom.
The perpetrator in Wales barbarically left the little creature to die, but it survived.
An attorney for Diante Yarber's family called it the worst case of \excessive and unnecessary force\ he's ever seen.
A gusty Mother Nature spoiled the getaway.
More than 600 people have been shot in the city this year.
\She may be the only victim to testify in their own murder trial,\ a defense attorney said.
Asked if she wanted to hurt herself or anyone else just hours before shooting, she told California officers
He gave Chelan Lasha a warning and told jurors to disregard her comment.
One man's death is linked to the alleged crime spree.
Crooks hear the siren song.
A woman chanting \women's lives matter\ reportedly jumped in front of Cosby as he made his way to the courthouse.
The federal government had seized the classifieds website, which featured ads for sex work, days before.
Monsignor Carlo Alberto Capella was first reported by American and Canadian officials.
The comedian's sexual assault retrial will hold new twists, even for people who have closely followed the case.
Police fatally shot Vassell, an unarmed black man, on Wednesday.
The man was pointing a pipe at people that police and 911 callers mistook for a gun.
Walmart employees in the next building used their windows to show some love.
Misinformation spreads like wildfire after a shooting. But it doesn't have to.
Four people were injured in the attack at the company's headquarters.
John Schooley, lead designer of the deadly Verr\u00fcckt water slide in Kansas, was nabbed at a Texas airport.
Couch, who killed four people in a 2013 drunk-driving crash, wants to go forward \as a law-abiding citizen,\ his lawyers said.
A couple and their six adopted children are believed to have been killed.
Jury selection in the comedian's sexual assault retrial starts Monday and testimony is set to begin April 9.
Like many infamous prisoners before him, accused Florida gunman\u00a0Nikolas Cruz\u00a0is receiving\u00a0torrents of fan mail\u00a0from people
Noor Salman's family said she was a victim of Omar Mateen's violence, not his collaborator.
But prosecutors could still appeal that decision.
Prosecutors say she helped her husband's terror attack. Her supporters say she's innocent and the case is \u201crooted in gendered Islamophobia.\
The FBI was expected to disclose the arrest on Tuesday, a source said.
William Strampel is also accused of willfully mishandling the abuse claims against Nassar.
Lawyers for Noor Salman, the gunman's widow, have asked the judge to toss the case against her.
The women were charged with third-degree burglary and aggravated criminal damage.
Parents of the Texas teen have been charged with child abuse, and it's \highly likely\ a man who offered the family $20,000 to marry her will be arrested.
The attack pilfered more than 31 terabytes of academic data and intellectual property.
Mark Anthony Conditt, the suspected bomber who died in a police confrontation Wednesday, didn't drop many hints about his intentions.
\There was no package explosion,\ police say.
The suspect has been identified as 23-year-old Mark Anthony Conditt.
\u201cThis is an outcry by a very challenged young man.\u201d
Relatives of the suspected serial bomber said they were shocked to learn of his involvement.
The package blew up on a conveyor belt in a local sorting facility in Schertz, Texas.
Minneapolis police officer Mohamed Noor killed Damond in July after she called 911.
Police say the latest explosion involved a bomb that may have been detonated by a trip wire.
Suspects are accused of taking $2,200 in merch from the warehouse club.
It's dangerous. And you could face fines.
He knew there was a shooting, but chose not to enter the building.
On Snapchat, 18-year-old Morgan Roof said she hoped the protests were \a trap and y'all get shot.\
The Tempe arrest came after the women posted video on Facebook.
Opening statements in the federal terrorism trial began on Wednesday.
The cashier assumed the robber was actually white because his skin tone appeared irregular and blotchy.
Nikolas Cruz, 19, faces dozens of charges for the Valentine's Day attack that left 17 people dead.
There were no injuries. This time.
Noor Salman is accused of aiding and abetting her husband. Her lawyers say she\u2019s innocent, and is herself another victim of Omar Mateen.
Three female employees and the gunman were all found dead after a daylong siege.
\u201cStay at least 500 feet away,\u201d the now-disgraced deputy warns in newly released police radio recordings.
Three female employees and the gunman were all found dead after the daylong siege.
One girl hid in a room the gunman shot into. It was her birthday.
A second student is in critical but stable condition, while an adult employee was treated and released at the scene.
He still faces federal hate crime charges.
Nikolas Cruz faces a maximum sentence of either execution or life in prison.
\u201cI grossly underestimated the resources that would be necessary to hold an event of this magnitude,\ said Billy McFarland.
The billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner has denied the allegation.
Experts say that police impersonation is a crime that should be taken more seriously.
Officials said the kids were not being held captive, but they did not have running water or electricity.
Police said the shooting was a result of a \domestic situation.\
These deaths appear to make up a small proportion of overall gun homicides, but exactly how small is anybody's guess.
The Fox News host's wife was there at the time.
The suspect, wanted for murder in Russia, targeted a woman who looked like her and spoke Russian, authorities said.
The accused gunman left a rifle and 180 rounds of ammunition in the school, officials said.
Police say 55-year-old Prentis Robinson may have been targeted for outing suspected drug dealers on the video streaming platform.
Members of the hate group Atomwaffen have been linked to five killings in recent months.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott commuted the death sentence of a convicted murderer less than an hour before he was set to be executed.
The arrest of dozens of students since the Florida massacre spotlights a mental health epidemic.
School Resource Officer Scott Peterson was suspended without pay while the Broward County Sheriff's Office investigated his inaction during the school shooting.
Nikolas Cruz \talked about killing our parents, our friends, boyfriends and girlfriends,\ said Ariana Lopez.
\u201cEverything everybody seems to know, we didn\u2019t know,\u201d James Snead said of the 19-year-old.
\This is the last school shooting that\u2019s going to happen. Never again shall we allow this to happen.\
The school has been hit with sexual assault scandals in the past.
And if we continue to do nothing about mass shootings, there's no reason to believe the next one won't be.
\Stricter gun laws,\ 17-year-old Arianna Ali said about preventing a future tragedy.
The leader of the Republic of Florida, a white nationalist militia, had initially told reporters the suspect participated in the group's drills.
Raphael A. Sanchez allegedly targeted seven people whose cases were being processed by the agency.
Terrill Thomas died of \profound dehydration\ in 2016 after guards cut off his water supply for a week.
Officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli were met with gunfire upon their arrival, officials said.
Look closely. Can you see it?
Morgan Geyser was convicted for stabbing a classmate 19 times in 2014. The victim survived.
Randall Margraves lunged at the disgraced convict after two of his daughters gave impact statements.
Shannon Smith says she has a \very hard time believing\ that all of these women and girls are telling the truth.
The weapons were kept in patrol cars \in case we accidentally hit somebody,\ the former detective testified in court.
That's gotta hurt.
The gunman was on life support after sustaining a possibly self-inflicted shot to the head.
Jennifer Kesse's family is filing suit for access to police records.
The letter says all three inmates survived the escape.
More than 100 prosecutions involving Officer Richard Pinheiro Jr. have been dropped.
Wishing rape on anyone -- even a serial sexual abuser -- is unacceptable.
A quarter of U.S. parents fear for their children's safety while at school, according to a Gallup survey.
It has been zero days since President Trump last called CNN \fake news.\
The \massage parlors\ can be fronts for human trafficking, Polaris reports.
D'oh!
The 16-year-old suspect is in custody.
The officer is accused of having sex with Celeste Guap when she was only 17.
\Now that I\u2019m an adult and I look back, I see things that I didn\u2019t see then,\ Elizabeth Flores said.
Samuel Woodward, 20, was charged Wednesday with the murder of his former high school classmate.
The home where police found that 13 children and young adults had been held in horrific conditions was listed as a private school.
Police found Bernstein's body, which had been stabbed over 20 times, in a park in California last week.
The siblings, ranging from ages 2 to 29, were found padlocked to beds and malnourished.
The charge means Sherin Mathews' father could face the death penalty or life in prison if found guilty.
God made him want to clear his conscience, he says on camera.
The Texas couple was additionally sentenced to seven months in jail for the abuse.
But it's still not clear if workers saw Stephen Paddock \u2014 or his arsenal \u2014 the day he killed 58 people.
The FBI found weapons hidden in his Missouri home after he pulled the brake on an Amtrak train while armed.
A spokesman for Hillary Clinton called the probe \a sham.\
Witnesses say they saw a person pull a gun and shoot at a car while walking near the Capitol.
After no one admitted to owning the stash, police hauled in dozens of people because the pot was \within everyone's reach or control.\
Police have a suspect in custody.
The teenager allegedly used an assault rifle to fatally shoot four people in his parents' New Jersey home.
There were several shootings around the U.S. on New Year's Day.
He does not appear to be Nigerian or a prince.
Feds dropped their case against him in May, but Milwaukee investigators determined he had abused his authority, the filing reveals.
The gunman was reportedly an attorney fired by the firm.
The suspect also prematurely changed his relationship status on Facebook to \widowed.\
The victim's 2-year-old daughter was later discovered crying near her mother's body.
Acting U.S. Attorney Bridget Rohde said the verdict sent a message to lawyers that they will be held accountable when they \u201cuse their legal expertise to facilitate the commission of crime.\u201d
There were a number of high-profile tragedies this year.
The family's bodies were found in a basement apartment one day after Christmas.
Scott Fricker and Buckley Kuhn-Fricker were shot and killed after reportedly separating their daughter  from the boy.
Kameron Prescott, 6, was struck by a stray bullet.
Witnesses described the suspect\u2019s vehicle as a dark-colored pick-up truck with oversized tires.
The 16-year-old girl was convicted for stabbing a classmate 19 times in 2014.
The vet had allegedly sent hostile texts to the owners about the dog's barking.
The suspect faces a criminal negligence charge.
Police have described the circumstances surrounding the deaths as \suspicious\
\It's just a freak thing,\ said the man who made the most recent find.
\Our pain was not acknowledged,\ one of the victims said.
Once again, the U.S. leads the world in weapons sales, notes SIPRI, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute
Laney Sweet's husband was shot with an AR-15 rifle bearing the inscription \you're f**ked,\ court documents state.
He crashed into two cars and assaulted a driver before stripping off his clothes and jumping onto that truck.
The victim, who fell 45 feet into icy waters, is recovering from injuries.
The passenger claimed she needed to smoke for \the anxiety.\
There is no known relationship between any of the victims.
The suspect, Akayed Ullah, was the most seriously hurt in the rush-hour blast.
The suspect told police he was in the woman's apartment to fix a hot water heater.
The 7th Circuit ruled that his confession to aiding in a rape and murder when he was 16 was not coerced.
Originally posted on Kenya\u2019s Daily Nation A week after the world marked the International Day of Older Persons on Oct. 1
He \was a wolf in priest's clothing,\ the prosecutor said.
Her vehicle and cellphone have been found, but there's no sign of her, the police said.
Joseph Hayden Boston said he was 10 years old when he began sexually assaulting kids, according to authorities.
Ontario, California, police say they have identified the suspect but have not yet found him.
Retired Army Capt. Julia Jacobson and Boogie disappeared 3 months ago.
Mariah Woods, 3, is presumed dead by authorities.
A 70-year-old woman is accused of sprinkling ricin on the food of other seniors.
He was head-butted several times.
Kristy Woods says she last saw her daughter when she put her to bed Sunday night.
Howell Donaldson III is accused of killing four people in the same neighborhood in a matter of weeks.
Gunman allegedly fired from 8th-floor window onto the street below. One injury is reported.
Sharing students\u2019 criminal records with schools may violate their privacy, but some lawmakers think it will make teachers
The military branch is probing an estimated 60,000 incidents in the wake of the Sutherland Springs massacre.
Husband Ryan Dorsey says she struck him on the lip and head.
An infant was in the vehicle's backseat at the time, according to authorities.
The victim, Rosemary Billquist, was walking her dogs close to her home in western New York state.
The 17-year-old was found dead of an overdose in his home in April.
Miguel Angel Lopez-Abrego, 19, is believed to be one of 10 people who lured a man to his death in Maryland.
Baltimore's police commissioner says the evidence suggests Sean Suiter's death was not related to his testimony.
The suspect faces federal charges after making a series of threats to his estranged wife.
Unfortunately, many times when brown-skinned people call 911 for help, they get killed instead.
The infamous mass murderer is serving a life sentence in a California prison.
A 1986 police report said the girl was allegedly forced into having a threesome with the actor and his bodyguard.
Authorities say Kevin Janson Neal killed his wife late Monday before going on a shooting spree the following day.
Alcohol is suspected in the death of the 20-year-old Phi Kappa Psi pledge.
I can\u2019t even begin to wrap my head around what would provoke a student to write such a horrific message...
Randall Saito was found not guilty by reason of insanity in a 1979 killing.
Alva Campbell Jr. is sick. He is going to die very soon, but not of natural causes. Tomorrow morning, he will shuffle down
Orson William Black, who fled sex charges in Arizona 15 years ago, was turned over to police.
\I want the cops to come so that they can f**k you up, that\u2019s what I want,\ she can be heard saying in an audio clip.
Previously, the mother was married to another child, her biological son.
\The seller needs to develop a conscience,\ said a victim advocate.
Shortly before Haley Krueger, 16, was slain in a massacre, she wrote about heaven in her notebook.
\When something like this happens it breaks your confidence,\ the victim said.
His Air Force co-worker said Kelley told her he bought the dogs on Craigslist.
As a nation, we must find ways to decrease gun deaths and eliminate horrific mass shootings.
But Angelika Graswald's defense attorney said she may be out on parol by next month because of time served.
Ryan Sceviour claims he was disciplined for including admissions of drug use and prostitution in his report.
Shocked. Fearful. Uncertain. These are all emotions that many of us find ourselves navigating after several churchgoers in
A police raid that included Mexican and American law enforcement officials caught the wanted man, who years ago fled Arizona on pedophilia charges.
We have become so inured to gun violence, we barely register it anymore.
As a convicted abuser, Devin Kelley was not legally allowed to purchase firearms. He fell through the cracks.
The victims' ages ranged from 18 months to 77 years old.
\She not only put herself and the horse in danger, but also anyone who was driving on the road,\ local sheriff Grady Judd said.
The suspect entered the store  calmly and opened fire, then walked out, police said.
\u201cAn attack on one of us is an attack on all of us, and we will never stand for violence against those who are innocent.\u201d
Wubbels said she will donate part of the money to help others obtain body cam footage from police.
The inmate, who allegedly received the exorcism instead of medical help, later died.
The officers have pleaded not guilty to a 50-count indictment, saying the sex was consensual.
Multiple people were killed.
Local authorities urged parents to inspect their children's candy before letting them eat it.
A \person of interest\ was seen running from area after first Tampa shooting.
The pastor denies the allegations.
John Kapoor, 74, stepped down as chief executive of Insys Therapeutics in January.
Adam Lanza thought children were being brainwashed by adults, and was obsessed with mass shootings, newly released documents show.
No, crashing a wedding to throw a drink on a guy and allegedly punch his dance partner is not proper etiquette.
Police say Wesley Mathews confessed to moving his daughter's body, which was found in a culvert. He initially reported her as missing.
Police say the body is \most likely\ that of Sherin Mathews, the 3-year-old Texas girl missing for more than two weeks.
The University of California study indicates gun-related deaths and injuries increased 70 percent in neighboring areas after such events.
Sherin Mathews's adoptive father told police the girl was being punished for not drinking her milk.
The incident occurred in a treehouse; a 13-year-old friend is custody.
Three people have been shot and killed this month, and police suspect the slayings are related.
The former sheriff's request to wipe out his criminal conviction was denied.
We never want another family to go through the pain we did.
Don't go to jail over a practical joke.
Gerald Wallace could face up to 20 years behind bars.
Last night, the state of Alabama executed Torey Twane McNabb. After McNabb refused a last meal and was strapped to the gurney
Thirty people were wounded in the 2016 attack.
The 27-year-old from Maryland took her first steps since the massacre.
Officials released a new timeline one day after MGM said their revised timeline was incorrect.
On June 10, 2016, police were called to the Columbus, Georgia home of Cleopatra Harrison. Harrison, then 22, told the officer
William Johnson needed money, so he searched the internet for a bank robbery how-to, police said.
Mandalay Bay's parent company offered its own timeline of events, which differs from the one released by police.
\u201cI have lost faith and confidence in your ability to continue to serve,\u201d the police chief told Salt Lake City Detective Jeff Payne.
Las Vegas police face new questions after it was revealed the gunman shot a security guard before opening fire.
The NYPD had evidence but didn't do anything with it, according to the New Yorker.
The woman, who was 12 when she was impregnated, seeks protection from her attacker under the federal Rape Survivor Child Custody Act.
Sherin Mathews' dad allegedly took her outside at 3 a.m. as punishment. When he returned she was gone.
The smell of feces and urine was so strong at the Texas operation that investigators could smell it from the road.
Tannerite can cause severe burns and \major blast injury,\ according to the EPA.
Jesus Campos, wounded in a barrage of gunfire, said he was \just doing\ his job.
Stephen Paddock's motive for the Route 91 Harvest Festival massacre is still unknown.
She said the money he sent her before the shooting was to buy a house for her and her family.
Police found 12 firearms fitted with a \bump stock\ device in the shooter's hotel room.
Investigators are still mostly in the dark about Paddock's motive.
\I\u2019ll admit that what I did was not legal.\
Author\u2019s note
This is a human issue.
The gunfire \just kept coming,\ a witness said. \It was relentless.\
Police said the \sole aggressor\ of the mass shooting killed himself.
Festival attendees described a scene filled with chaos and confusion.
Simpson won his parole in July after 9 years in prison.
\They were dumb enough to post these publicly with a tagged location,\ said a Reddit user who reported the videos to police.
Several players are accused of taking the pills before a game.
Cops are trying to determine if the man has links to the February slayings of 13-year-old Abigail Williams and 14-year-old Liberty German.
Sheila Keen Warren -- now married to the victim's husband -- is accused of fatally shooting Marlene Warren while wearing the creepy disguise.
\u201cIt\u2019s outrageous, unacceptable, incredibly unprofessional, and cannot be tolerated.\u201d
Neighbors shouted at the officer that 35-year-old Magdiel Sanchez could not hear his commands.
The dad said he wanted to scare his daughter into behaving, but she ran screaming into a stranger's home.
Demonstrators broke windows and attempted to block a ramp to an interstate highway, police and witnesses said.
This is more than simply filing a false police report. Brent Ahlers, a 25-year-old security guard employed by St. Catherine
Police in Jacksonville found the gigantic pipe strapped to the roof of a vehicle.
Law enforcement officials said one student died while trying to stop the shooter.
Shkreli was convicted in August of defrauding investors of two hedge funds he ran.
When the company offered victims of the hack a free service, many pointed out a problematic clause in its terms of use.
Crystal McDowell was last seen the day before the storm ravaged the area.
\u201cIf you see someone is pregnant, you\u2019re not going to hit them. I don\u2019t get that,\ the store owner said.
All of the victims are expected to recover.
\u201cProtecting the rights of others is truly a heroic act.\u201d
\u201cI have blood all over me, and there\u2019s a bloody knife on the bed. And I think I did it,\u201d the man told a 911 dispatcher.
Binary options fraud is everywhere. The industry has been turned upside down, with many countries banning binary options
The nurse refused to let Detective Jeff Payne take blood from an unconscious patient without having a warrant.
Border Patrol agents uncovered the hidden tunnel while arresting the recently smuggled suspects.
The Broward County Sheriff\u2019s Office said 28-year-old Kristen Ambury was armed. But details of the tragedy remain scarce.
\It was the only way my sister would get a decent burial.\
A man entered a restaurant holding a weapon and reportedly declared, \I am the new king of Charleston.\
A nearly 3-week search ended when a cadaver dog led police to a burn pile at the family farm.
\He never saw it coming,\ authorities said of his arrest.
Judge Joseph J. Bruzzese Jr. is expected to recover.
Esmeralda Medellin, 18, has been arrested and charged with aggravated sexual assault.
\u201cLet me be very clear - last night\u2019s violence against our law enforcement community is reprehensible and has no place in our state.\u201d
The wrinkles on Manson's face make his swastika tattoo stand out.
State police and national guardsmen watched passively for hours as self-proclaimed Nazis engaged in street battles with counter-protesters.
\u201cIf you\u2019re not outraged, you\u2019re not paying attention,\u201d read Heyer's last public post on Facebook.
The crash happened seven miles from the white supremacy rally.
\These terrorists aren't trolls -- they're terrorists,\ a witness said.
Authorities just released the shocking video.
Her 12-year-old alleged attacker has been charged with assault.
A 50-year-old man was taken into custody two days after the video was released to the public.
The victim, a Canadian citizen originally from Hong Kong, said he's moving.
The boat may have hit a power line stretching across the lake, electrocuting the Scouts.
The city had recorded a record 204 homicides for the first seven months of the year.
A preschool teacher seated behind a man reported seeing him send \disturbing\ text messages about children, police said.
No one was injured in the blast at the Islamic center in Bloomington.
\u201cI hate that someone had to lose their life, but he shouldn\u2019t have come and brought his ass in my house, excuse my language.\u201d
Much like Michelle Carter, Knox was once cast as a \femme fatale\ in a high-profile case.
She'd reportedly watched a \hot water challenge\ video.
Fort Worth Officer Matt Lesell was able to get himself off the highway and detain the driver who'd hit him.
Noel Grullon, 32, fled the scene after the alleged attack.
Body cam footage appeared to show one officer planting drugs at a crime scene, while two other officers looked on.
In 2015, Lt. Aaron Allan was recognized as officer of the year.
\u201cI f**king killed my sister, OK? I know I\u2019m going to jail for life,\ she said in footage after the suspected DUI crash.
Cregg Jerri, 58, had been minding his own business in a California Starbucks when the would-be robber walked in wielding a knife and fake gun.
Mark Redwine's arrest comes nearly five years after his 13-year-old son vanished during a court-ordered visit.
Dozens of others found suffering from heat-related ailments in what San Antonio Police Chief William McManus calls a \horrific tragedy.\
More than 40 people were shot in the city from Friday to Sunday morning.
The undated video shows a plainclothes officer walking away when the man filming the incident questions him.
Guys used to come up to me on the yard and try to convince me that I needed to write about them. They would bring newspaper
People were reportedly trapped in the building more than an hour after the fire department arrived. The cause is not yet known.
The filmmaker says he was angry over a missed checkout time and told her \This isn't Africa\ before shoving her.
Cosmo DiNardo has already confessed to his involvement in their deaths.
\It looked like something straight out of 'Thriller,'\ a witness said.
Frank Leo Huner Jr. faces a second-degree murder charge.
YIKES!
State police say they believe the incident was not intentional.
Aramazd Andressian's lawyer cautions against \rush to judgement.\
Cedrick Jelks, 38, may face criminal charges for possession of the firearm.
The victim had just graduated from high school.
\u201cOn a Fourth of July weekend, where we wish to anticipate having fun with our friends and family, this is certainly a terrible, terrible tragedy.\
She was covering a shift for another coworker.
Five years ago this week, as another term of the United States Supreme Court was coming to an end, I can still recall the
The suspect was the administrator of a \u201cWhite Privilege Club\u201d Facebook group, where he called his wife a \u201cslant eye import.\
Aramazd Andressian is being held in a Vegas jail two months after his child vanished.
In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence\u201d for KCRW, Robert Scheer speaks with James Forman Jr. The Yale Law School
Surveillance footage showed four men carrying the unconscious victim into a dorm room.
\My heart is breaking for these dogs,\ Humane Society worker says.
On May 26, 75-year-old Tommy Arthur died by lethal injection in Alabama\u2019s Holman Correctional Facility, ending a decades
The U.S. Department of Education increased fines for violations of the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy
A \few seconds either way and the outcome could have been terrible,\u201d he says.
Accuser Andrea Constand broke her silence in powerful testimony.
Witnesses reported they heard the kids crying and told her to bring them in.
Introduction Good morning, and thank you so very, very much for the privilege of speaking to you in peace today away from
\I don\u2019t know what took over me.\
Lannette C. Linthicum President of the Executive Committee of American Correctional Association 206 N. Washington Street
Cops say they found only two small scratches on his arms.
As sheriff's department officials clam up, the sentencing in an Orange County massacre remains mired in misconduct.
Connecticut is the first state to pass this kind of legislation, a professor says.
\u201cPrayer WILL change things,\u201d Matt Bevin vows.
The suspect was seen after the attack with the victim's backpack.
\Let me see your hands now or you will die!\ an officer can be heard shouting.
Does he have the will?
Jacquelyn \Daisy Lynn\ Landry vanished after leaving home to walk to a friend's house last week.
A dog walker is credited with finding the little animal, since named Donut.
\Without them, we probably would be dead right now,\ Destinee Mangum said.
The alleged gunman was involved in a domestic violence dispute with his estranged wife.
As a minister in the United Church of Christ living just blocks from the incident, I am left sickened.
Jeremy Joseph Christian faces a judge Tuesday in connection with the killings.
Police arrested a 35-year-old man with white supremacist ties after the attack.
\Opioids are a monster that is slowly consuming our population,\ the D.A. says.
Where's the beef? With the fries!
Devon Arthurs said he had \a common neo-Nazi belief\ with his roommates before he converted, according to Tampa police.
With an overwhelming 2.2 million people behind bars, it\u2019s tempting to focus reform efforts on those convicted of non-violent
Police say the suspect had been drinking. FBI escorted him off the plane in handcuffs.
\u201cI hope that you will learn about me and my community and one day consider me you brother too,\u201d the victim told his assailants in court.
The \textalyzer\ would scan your phone for usage after a crash.
Herrera blasts \carnage and murders\ in her native Venezuela.
He's a very good boy.
Brandon Bostian faces eight counts of involuntary manslaughter and numerous counts of reckless endangerment.
One victim says it's too extreme to be called \hazing.\
Marinna Rollins and her boyfriend were accused of tying the pit bull to a tree and shooting it several times.
Police said the officers \feared for their safety\ before striking him \multiple times.\
A search of the couple\u2019s home reportedly found blood on the walls as well as a scrawled message of retribution.
Timothy Piazza fell accidentally, but frat brothers are accused of failing to seek help and covering up what happened.
The criminal probe adds to the problems facing the struggling company.
The racist assault on a Manhattan street appeared to be random.
Police say the gunman fatally shot one person and then killed himself.
Police say there is no evidence at this point to suggest the crash was intentional.
Drew DeVoursney, 36, and Francesca Matus, 52, had been missing for nearly a week.
Federal prisons are not the only penal institutions fighting synthetic marijuana.
Just once wasn't enough!?
The tanker's driver reportedly escaped with only minor injuries.
The shooter had \a beer in one hand and a gun in the other,\ one witness said.
A suspect with a large hunting knife was captured.
The death toll is expected to rise as recovery efforts continue.
At least 4 people were reported killed.
Officer Coleman Martin bought a raft, cement blocks and rope - but it's all a ruse, police say.
Eric Frein was convicted of murder after the fatal shooting of a state trooper and a massive manhunt in Pennsylvania.
Just in the nick of time.
They took travelers' valuables and were gone in 30 seconds.
The last time a state executed two inmates on the same day was 2000 in Texas.
Ryan Ciampoli was driving directly behind the bus when his dash cam filmed the horrifying scene.
\It wouldn\u2019t be that bad, could it?\u2019 No, it\u2019s worse.\
The decision came three hours before the state planned to execute Ledell Lee.
\u201cWith other violent crimes, victims are not responsible for paying for the damage that results from the crime.\
\I hope one of your kids gets raped.\
Tyson Benz's mother says a 13-year-old girl charged in connection with her son's death is not facing a harsh enough punishment.
\u201cThe families have waited far too long to see justice, and I will continue to make that a priority.\u201d
Kori Ali Muhammad made Facebook posts with anti-government sentiments, police said.
The NYPD is investigating the assault, which took place just hours after a \Turban Day\ celebration in Times Square, as a possible hate crime.
Pedro Hernandez was convicted for the infamous 1979 New York abduction of the child on the milk carton.
\u201cIt\u2019s that nightmare every woman has in New York,\ the 22-year-old said of the attack.
A medium-sized great white had been spotted in the area twice in the past week.
\u201cIt disappeared behind the tree line, and then we heard a big bang,\u201d a witness said.
\u201cThis ensures situations like Flight 3411 never happen again,\u201d a spokeswoman said.
Police say he is being held on a $10 million bail.
The suspect is accused of taking the life of an elderly man who just happened to cross his path.
The tragic accident happened just a few feet from his family's table.
The abuse, which involves at least 12 faculty members, date back to the 1960s.
Joseph Jakubowski, 32, was taken into custody on Friday morning.
An in-depth look at the inmates the state is rushing to put to death.
A man upset with a neighboring business was charged.
\You'll never take my life!\
Oops!
\It's time for change,\ the suspect says in a video shared by police.
Roof was charged in state court with murdering nine African-American parishioners as they closed their eyes in prayer at a Bible study session.
\u201cWe are coming for you. Run.\
Alarms blared for more than 90 minutes as worried callers clogged 911 centers.
The accused assailant, a former employee, shot himself after opening fire.
Alix Tichelman's crimes are \grounds for removal,\ an immigration judge rules after the Canadian citizen is freed from prison.
The scam reportedly targeted thousands of Americans, netting more than $300 million.
A Michigan woman's Magic Kingdom fairy tale took a dark turn this week, according to Florida police.
\I think his conscience was bothering him,\ the sheriff said.
\u201cHe told the people we were thieves, that we were cold-blooded thieves.\
\If these guys come back I'm afraid to call police,\ the victim said. \They're not on our side.\
The 13-year-old told deputies that she had been sexually assaulted and injected with meth after being offered a ride.
The 17-year-old could face up to 15 years behind bars.
Oops!
Bruce Fanning left to get his gun, but didn't call the police until after he shot an elementary school teacher three times.
Her death \was a tragic accident,\ police say.
Police said the attackers asked Kurdish-Iranian teen Reker Ahmed where he was  from before beating him.
An arrest warrant has also been issued for a 15-year-old boy, Chicago police announced Sunday.
Authorities said the homeowner left to get a gun and then shot him multiple times before calling 911.
Hotel staff found several youths lying motionless on the pool's deck after CO levels reached 16 times the safe limit.
Derrick Stafford was convicted in the 2015 killing of a 6-year-old boy who died in a volley of gunfire after the officer chased his father\u2019s car.
No casualties have been reported.
A lone gunman opened fire just before 4 p.m. at the Nadia Fish and Chicken restaurant in the South Shore neighborhood.
\I know I got to go,\ the Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy says, \but I\u2019m not going to go.\
The former nurse's aid was serving multiple life sentences after admitting to killing three dozen people.
Thankfully, the ponies were found in time and are now well on the road to recovery.
Members of a criminal gang allegedly wanted to hold his body for ransom.
Joseph Scott Giaquinto is suspected of throwing rocks and a Bible through the mosque's glass doors over the weekend.
The suspect walked directly to the stockroom, where she allegedly filled a box with dozens of iPhones.
\u201cThey were outnumbered and outgunned.\
\This may be a case of \u2018stand-your-ground,\u2019\ a sheriff's spokesman said.
\u201cThere\u2019s no doubt in our minds that we averted disaster there,\u201d the sheriff said.
Tara Lenich plotted a \long-running scheme\ to forge court documents to spy on her would-be lover and a co-worker.
Firefighters reported at least one person is believed to be dead.
Authorities believe multiple gunmen were involved in the Sunday morning shooting, which grew out of \some kind of dispute\ inside the bar, Police Chief Eliot Isaac said.
The puppy underwent reconstructive surgery after her muzzle was painfully bound with electrical tape.
\He was running for his life and kept looking back.\
Craig Cobb, who recently bought the historic property, claims the fire was \u201c100 percent arson.\u201d
Nearly 400 acres has been swept up by the blaze near Jacksonville, Florida.
A massive manhunt is underway for Tad Cummins, who allegedly abducted 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas.
A robot was reportedly brought in to inspect the vehicle on Saturday night.
But authorities haven't defined what level of drugs is over the line.
The kidnapper had been driving to ATMs, withdrawing money from his victim's account.
Sen. Ralph Shortey was under investigation after he was allegedly found in a motel room with a boy last week.
Either it was an accident, or someone was feeling VERY generous.
Staffers say several copies of the religious book and a Bill Clinton autobiography were damaged.
If a DNA test finds Capone is a wolf hybrid, he could be sent away or euthanized.
He allegedly told officers he filmed an encounter with a passed-out victim.
Shouts of \u201cOh my God! Oh my God! No, get in!\u201d are heard in video footage.
Police are searching for more than a dozen suspects involved in the attack.
The suspect fled with an undisclosed amount of cash.
\u201cOnce again, Alabama law enforcement has failed to protect children.\u201d
The 42-year-old faces charges including rape and indecent treatment of children.
\u201cWe love that our three children have their own views and concerns about current political issues,\u201d his father said.
Police also accused the suspect of slashing 100 bike tires.
\u201cIt\u2019s a terrible, chaotic scene,\u201d the local police chief said.
A dad reports seeing one gunman and a man with a pipe running away in suburban Pittsburgh.
Miguel Pena Rodriguez says that a juror's racist remarks are proof he was denied a fair trial.
Jacqueline Watts' body was found less than a mile from her car, which was left running with its flashers on, police said.
Police in Washington state are investigating Friday's shooting as a possible hate crime.
Photos of the service members were reportedly shared on a closed Facebook page.
The reporter shared the clip, hoping to find his assailant.
\You cannot imagine what animals endure,\ says vet.
The deaths were described as murders but did not provide details about the incident.
Teresa Seely said her son could have died from the alleged prank.
She was charged in January, six months after her late husband opened fire at Pulse nightclub.
\u201cThis is an individual just trying to make us afraid,\u201d said Rabbi Gary Mazo.
Surge of hate crimes is also bringing Americans together.
The ugly altercation in Virginia is part of a surging tide of incidents across the nation.
\u201cI was more than happy to risk my life to save the lives of others,\ said Ian Grillot.
The pair faced some of the most serious charges out of 15 members of the group \u201cRespect the Flag\u201d indicted over the incident.
The case is the only criminal prosecution resulting from accusations by more than four dozen women.
Police said the driver was \highly intoxicated.\
The incident follows a wave of anti-Semitic acts in the U.S.
The woman drove 2 miles with a dying man on her car in 2012.
Mayor Bill de Blasio blames Trump's \horrible, hateful rhetoric.\
Daryl Easton, 61, was due to perform at the private club when he was found dead, employees say.
Maritime authorities alerted police after noticing the mom was missing during a head count of disembarking passengers.
\u201cAlmost every single room had been converted for the wholesale production of cannabis plants.\
The victim \was a brilliant, budding engineer who had a bright future ahead of him.\
The white off-duty officer confronted the Latino boy after he walked across his property, police say.
Lucky was \pretty close to checking out.\
Police said they \can\u2019t definitively say whether kidnapping or abduction was the end goal.\
Christopher Duntsch operated and people were left paralyzed. Two died.
The hospital was given an \u201call clear.\
In an ideal world, correctional institutions should aim to rehabilitate young offenders. When this works, youth make gains
A group of middle schoolers in Palm Beach, Florida, allegedly plotted tossing the two-by-four block.
A K9 is credited with leading the officers to the 2-year-old boy.
The man was unarmed and did not have a plane ticket.
The girl's fatal shooting was one of three child killings in the city in just days.
\I have never seen anything like it, it was just a sea of yellow. And the noise was unbelievable.\
Gregory Green, who served 16 years for murder, has confessed to another brutal crime.
The suspect disguised bombs in packages of breakfast bars, pasta and stuffing mix, authorities say.
The disturbing video comes six months after another inmate sued the facility after a similar video surfaced.
\u201cThere were a bunch of items on display here that I managed to break on their heads,\ he said.
In four days, three children in Chicago have died because of shootings.
The contraption was being used to hurl bundles of marijuana into the U.S., officials said.
Frank Ancona was shot in the head while he slept, Missouri police say.
No, he didn't get the role.
\Out of all the bad decisions he made, he at least made one good one and brought back the deceased person,\ a police spokesman said.
Jennifer Santos fell as she was trying to retrieve her sister's hat, said officials.
Holdalls containing the drug washed ashore in eastern England on Thursday and Friday.
Investigators believe she had her arm in the bin when her step ladder collapsed.
He could've faced up to six months in prison for lying about the Twins Plus Go-Go Lounge.
Suspected killer William Boyette Jr. died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Alleged accomplice Mary Craig Rice was taken into custody.
Two blockheads were arrested after setting up a green house near Queen Elizabeth II's Windsor Castle home.
Heather Mack appears to exonerate her boyfriend in her mother's murder in Bali.
Henry Sembdner, 12, was put in a coma after he was allegedly assaulted by a classmate, his family said.
The incident cost him more than $1,500.
Authorities said \u201ckey pieces of evidence\u201d indicate that they have found Zuzu Verk\u2019s body.
The customer said he felt threatened by the suspect and thought he had a weapon.
Authorities confiscated 5,500 packets in what they say is the biggest haul ever in Hernando County.
\Within about two minutes, all the Nazi symbolism was gone.\
Police don't believe that Chanel Lewis, 20, knew the victim.
She says she endured years of harassment from her colleagues at the NYPD.
Passenger claims he was harassed for shaking his head at the tough-talking lawman.
The uprising began midday on Wednesday and lasted overnight.
\We know that the institution is going to change for the worse.\
Rob Stewart, who was using rebreathing equipment, disappeared while exploring a shipwreck.
He played Pokemon Go as a way to connect with his kids and grandkids.
Two victims were in critical condition but the injuries to the third were not life-threatening, police said.
Turns out, the daughter was at a relative's house all along.
Years before his homicide, Rev. Rene Robert said he did not want his hypothetical killer to pay the ultimate price.
Some reportedly were warned to skip school or use a \safety word\ to avoid being killed.
The New Hampshire killings of an unidentified woman and three little girls may date from the 1970s.
Edwards was convicted along with co-defendant Kirk Edwards, of killing Mickell Goodwin and Tommy Walker during a robbery.
The officer allegedly turned off his body camera before taking money from the suspects' wallets.
A 12-year-old girl was among the victims.
The kids claimed they were just trying to prank an unsuspecting motorist.
Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of opening fire in the baggage claim area of the Fort Lauderdale airport on Jan. 6.
The gunmen who fatally shot Damarlon Thomas remain at large, authorities said.
The sheriff called the deputy's alleged actions \a disgrace... to law enforcement professionals everywhere.\
Pittsburgh police said the suspect bit off a \significant portion\ of another man's ear.
\u201cThey shot the wrong guy,\u201d the victim's ex-wife said.
Everett accuses Purdue Pharmaceuticals of turning a blind eye to boost profits.
\u201cHe was looking to be pardoned by the Obama administration before the Trump administration came in.\u201d
The suspect currently does not have custody of the kids.
Loyd is also wanted for the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend.
Members of the Seattle area mosque are \overwhelmed\ by the support so far. But they need more.
Rony Otoniel Mendez's sentence does not include the possibility of parole.
\It couldn\u2019t have gone better,\ Alexis Manigo\u2019s biological father said.
The mother may face charges, police say.
A roommate tells police she estimates he abused the family dog 100 times.
\I don't know that he would be alive today\ without the help, says chief.
There was allegedly a gun on the  floor and the woman driving said she was going into labor.
The worker flew into a rage when his bosses asked for ID to put him on the payroll, police said.
Authorities say the officer kicked the inmate's head like \a soccer ball.\
The girl's parents, who reported her missing Monday, now face charges over her death.
Several hostages were held in an office near the University of Alabama.
\I felt like I had to do it, and I still feel like I had to do it,\ he said of killing nine black Bible study members in 2015.
Police say vets couldn't determine the neglect was the cause of death.
Taylor Trupiano said he left his car idling for just a few minutes.
\I want to apologize from the bottom of my heart.\
Santiago could face the death penalty if convicted on charges that include carrying out violence at an airport and killing with a firearm.
The two are accused of \unspeakable\ crimes against 14-year-old Grace Packer.
The FBI said Santiago loaded up in an airport bathroom and came out shooting
Without warning, he pulls out a 9mm semi-automatic handgun and fires it repeatedly.
Shiloh Heavenly Quine kidnapped and fatally shot a man in 1980.
\That would have been my back,\u201d Steve Frappier told CNN's Anderson Cooper.
Body of Olivia Gonzalez and the couple's two dogs were found by wreckage below Pacific Coast Highway.
\I was saying, \u2018Could you please let me go see my dad? Please, he\u2019s dying.\u2019\u201d
\You don't text, you don't call back and haven't accepted our friend request.\
The professional slackliner said his skills prepared him perfectly for this.
Authorities said the video \clearly depicts\ the officer striking the woman.
It was the second major accident involving New York City\u2019s commuter railroads in the past three months.
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty.
Wow!
And now it's national news.
The judge also banned relatives of the victims from attending the hearing.
\u201cIt felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head,\u201d Rep. Armando Martinez recalled from a hospital.
The 15-year-old also wounded the victim's mother before turning the gun on himself, police say.
Another sobering reminder about the nation's problem with gun violence.
He seems surprised by the litany, caught off guard by how fervent I am while in such a weak state. I also sense a beating
Dozens of victims at the popular hot spot were foreigners.
We get it, you're racist.

Nursing home workers tell police they saw it more than once.
Their phones went dead the day they left more than a week ago.
It took a tranquilizer gun, beanbag gun and stun gun to subdue the dog.
She has been in prison longer than any other female in California history.
Syed will now stay in prison and wait for the appellate court to decide whether he gets a new trial.
Authorities are hoping the e-commerce giant's virtual assistant can provide a breakthrough.
\We need more cops like this.\
\u201cHey Alexa, will anything I say to you be used against me in a court of law?\u201d \u201cI\u2019m sorry, I cannot answer that question at
It's a \win-win for officers and the public.\u201d
Authorities were seen removing a mattress from the Berkley, Michigan, residence.
The city is wrestling with tough questions amid the highest rate of killings in almost 20 years.
The missing mom once told authorities she feared her ex would \hurt me or even kill me.\
One of the men is considered dangerous.
The suspect was out on bail on another attempted murder charge.
The Pennsylvania couple likely died within minutes of each other.
It was dressed with tinsel, twinkling fairy lights and had a golden angel on top.
\Thank you for believing in me,\ he wrote.
Acen King was shot because his grandmother's car \wasn't moving fast enough,\ police said.
Four of the injured are firefighters.
It all began with a viral video, \Two Idiots at Night in Ikea.\
The suspect allegedly planned to break his sister's neck before setting sights on his stepmother.
The number of new death sentences in 2016 is expected to hit 30, a low not seen since the U.S. Supreme Court declared existing death penalty statutes unconstitutional in 1972.
\I'm flipping out,\ her husband says.
The announcement comes a week after Danielle Stislicki's family told HuffPost they believe she was abducted.
Police say they're unable to \move ahead\ with the case now that the man has lawyered up.
The tragedy may be linked to drought in the area followed by recent heavy rains.
The child was sitting in the back of his grandmother's vehicle when he was fatally shot, police said.
\u201cIt\u2019s a miracle more people weren\u2019t hurt or killed,\u201d a Baltimore city official said.
Jurors have yet to decide if he will be put to death.
Company says the Santa is \no longer at Petco.\
Federal investigators have tacked on two more charges since the initial indictment.
He allegedly attacked a Muslim in a scuffle outside Simi Valley Islamic center.
Election rhetoric is a key factor in the attacks, says a letter requesting a sit-down with the president-elect.
She had said three men on the train tried to rip her hijab off. Now she's charged with filing a false report.
The suspect killed himself inside a home after a standoff with police.
Crooks hit up the same outlet twice in one week.
You're a mean one!
\u201cI went to that church in Charleston and, uh, I did it,\u201d Roof said of the shooting that killed nine.
It's legal in nine states
A spray-painted message on the home read
\u201cIt was a brutal, vicious, violent, very violent attack,\u201d Garfield County Sheriff James Perkins said.
As officials finish recovering bodies, the district attorney is exploring the possibility of criminal liability.
He said he\u2019d rather let the victims\u2019 parents \u201ctear at my flesh than answer these ridiculous questions.\
Derick Ion's Facebook post didn't mention that many people had died.
At least 36 people died in the fire, and as many as 20 tenants may have lost their homes.
Officials confirmed that victims included children and foreign nationals from Europe and Asia.
\Go back to your country,\ suspect told Aml Elsokary after shoving her son, cops say.
He wrote an anonymous letter of apology to the little girl whose Christmas display he stole.
The 35-year-old was found guilty of intentionally leaving his 22-month-old son to die inside a sweltering car.
Multiple responders were reportedly injured.
Lee Manuel Viloria-Paulino, who was last seen Nov. 18, was found dead on Thursday.
At least 36 people have been confirmed dead in the fire, which started Friday night.
Fire officials are still trying to determine how the blaze started.
A suspect had been arrested in connection with the killing of the man.
Marlon Jones was wanted in connection with a fatal shooting at a birthday party.
A woman at the local sheriff's office said a hoax had not been \ruled out,\ but the sheriff later said they believe the abduction was real.
Fleeing a traffic stop, Scott was shot by the officer and the incident captured on video.
At least 11 people were held hostage.
Abdul Razak Ali Artan, a 20-year-old Muslim student at the school, plowed into pedestrians with a car and then exited the vehicle to stab other victims on Monday.
Rogelio Chavez, who rappelled from the Santa Clara County jail using clothes, remains on the run.
\As I would say, this leprechaun grabbed a pot of gold,\ a police detective said of the brazen theft.
The Muslim student plowed a car into people at the campus, then stabbed others.
Artan\u2019s actions fit the pattern of lone-wolf militants who carried out other attacks in the United States.
ISIS news agency AMAQ described him as a \soldier\ of the group.
A 55-year-old woman was reportedly left with a gunshot wound to her neck.
Police fatally shot the suspect, OSU student Abdul Razak Ali Artan.
He's accused of fatally shooting 9 people in a Charleston, South Carolina church.
The incident happened just before 1:30 a.m. Sunday.
\I will find you.\
An 8-week-old girl was among those shot dead.
\These evil crimes have left entire families, a community and a nation in shock.\
Earlier this month, defense attorneys had raised concerns for the first time about whether Roof was able to understand the nature of the proceedings against him and to assist in his defense.
Two men were dead at the scene, and the wounded suffered non-life-threatening injuries, police spokesman Dwight Mitchell said.
Tiffany Alberts was allegedly trying to get her 15-year-old son moved to a better facility.
In a city that for some time has been plagued by an undercurrent of tension, due to \u2018carding\u2019 there was a level of hope, that
The inmates somehow managed to cut through the Santa Clara County jail's bars, authorities said.
\u201cI thought he had a pocket full of fireworks and then I realized he had an e-cigarette.\u201d
The graffiti included references to the KKK and to Donald Trump.
Rose, 29, was a five-year veteran of the force's canine unit.
The crash occurred on a road that wasn't part of the driver's designated route.
Johnthony Walker, 24, faces five counts of vehicular homicide, reckless endangerment and reckless driving charges,
5 children were killed
The attack occurred hours after a similar ambush in San Antonio, Texas.
Police said Yesenia Sesmas, 34, knew the infant's mother for years before she took her life and then her child.
\I started screaming bloody murder.\
The San Antonio police officer was sitting in a squad car when he was shot twice, the city's police chief said.
Authorities say he's targeted four Massachusetts banks since Oct. 31.
Sandra Harris's remains were found two days after her husband said she was taken against her will.
The plane crashed in a parking lot near an airport.
Two teens broke into the home and shot the 15-year-old.
Two people were taken into custody at the Dallas home where the baby was found.
Dassey's murder conviction was overturned in August by a judge who said his confession was coerced.
The judge cited a shield law for tech companies that protects them from prosecution for content posted by third parties.
\Oh my God, he tried to kill me,\u201d the woman said as she watched the blaze.
He suffered brain trauma.
Police are searching for the child's father over the woman's death.
The victim, Michael Winchester, was the father of a Kansas City Chiefs player.
Victims were stabbed in either the neck or upper torso, before the attacker was taken down by stun gun.
\The culture of law enforcement needs to change.\u201d
The judge had earlier tossed out Dassey's confession.
Alexandria Duval was apprehended Friday in upstate New York.
Prosecutors accuse two women of failing to protect 3-year-old Aaron Minor after his mother was flagged to Child Protective Services.
\Curious kids and loaded guns have deadly consequences,\ the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department later tweeted.
\u201cDennis had a very special relationship with young people and a special place in our hearts at the sheriff\u2019s office.\u201d
\As a parent, I find the video appalling. As your Sheriff, I have ensured the child is safe.\u201d
Body-camera video showed the officer shoot DuBose after pulling him over for a missing license plate.
The murder of a Sikh boy, Gurnoor Singh Nahal, has been described \u201cas a bit of a head-scratcher.\u201d Police are investigating
The shooting was not believed to be tied to the protests over Trump's election.
\Who robs a pregnant woman?\ the victim wants to know.
The magazine reported that a female student as \Jackie\ was raped at a university fraternity house in 2012.
A nearby school was on lockdown and two polling places were \impacted,\ authorities said.
The thief still managed to escape in a getaway car.
\u201cHe is the only suspect we have at this time,\ authorities said of Kayla Gomez-Orozco's family member.
Todd Kohlepp, a registered sex offender, reportedly admitted to the killings after the woman was found on his South Carolina property.

A suspect was also injured and taken into custody.
His attorney says he joked about it, but never actually did it.
The suspect admitted he had no real proof that they destroyed the sign.
Another officer was injured amid gunfire in the Bronx.
A $13,000 reward is being offered for information leading to Kayla Gomez-Orozco's recovery.
Feds say the school violated the law for disclose that Sandusky was going to be criminally charged for sexually abusing children.
\u201cI think it\u2019s deplorable,\u201d one official said.
Police have identified Justin Martin, 24, and Anthony Beminio, 38, as the victims.
The prosecution wants to bring in other women to testify about alleged sexual assaults.
A firefighter and the mother of a toddler reported tampered treats.
A Baltimore school bus with no students aboard smashed into an oncoming commuter bus on Tuesday, killing at least six people
The request targets more than a dozen women who have accused the 79-year-old of sexual assault.
\u201cHe wanted to take a stand. Unfortunately, he was arrested and taken to jail.\u201d
She did not rule on the other 911 calls made the night of the shooting.
The child driver crashed head-on twice.
\What am I to do here when my people are getting killed over there?\ the shooter asked a police negotiator.
He was killed by police after a caller reported a car matching one allegedly stolen by Vance was seen near Hammon, in western Oklahoma.
Police believe someone sprinkled cremated ashes during the second intermission.
The search for a gunman remains underway.
Meetkumar Hiteshbhai Desai, 18, faces three felony counts of computer tampering.
At least eight people were injured after an American Airline flight blew a tire on the runway.
Ravi's roommate Tyler Clementi committed suicide after Ravi broadcasted images of him kissing another man.
Dozens of women have come forward about business student Alec Cook since his arrest last week.
Thieves made off with 192 pumpkins worth as much as $3,000.
\u201cIt\u2019s a miracle, honestly.\
Billy Lewis is now charged with attempted murder.
\u201cYou\u2019ve got to be pretty drunk.\
Mayda E. Rivera-Juarez is now charged with felony assault.
District Judge John McKeon sentenced the man to 60 days of incarceration and probation, far less than the plea agreement recommendation of at least 25 years in prison
Schools were evacuated and residents urged to stay indoors because of the spill at the facility.
No adults were at the home when the killings occurred.
He\u2019s wanted over an alleged attempted kidnapping of a young girl.
Lawler's attorneys called for clemency, arguing he had recently been diagnosed with autism.
\We understand people will be hot. We understand people will have their own opinions. I think we can agree to disagree peacefully,\ one official said.
Four male suspects were seen fleeing the scene.
Authorities are now investigating why the officer did not use a Taser instead.
Dakota Access suffered about $2 million in damages.
The 15-year-old daughter of Olympic sprinter Tyson Gay was fatally shot outside a Kentucky restaurant Sunday.
Authorities said the truck's driver survived and was later charged with driving under the influence.
The upright walking bear had been seen walking around New Jersey after injuring his two front paws.
An argument at the house serving as a makeshift restaurant preceded the shooting.
The 39-year-old woman, who was under arrest for domestic violence, managed to escape her handcuffs.
\If people want to call me a monster that's fine,\ Amber Pasztor said in a jailhouse interview.
The plane, which crashed in the street, was supposed to land at Hartford-Brainard Airport.
The man appeared to have his hands in the air before being shot.
911 callers said the clowns were chasing cars.
No one was killed, and early reports indicate that there were no serious injuries.
They were called to an apparent domestic dispute.
The engineer applied the brakes less than a second before the train crashed.
The boy was holding a replica gun, police said.
Nheru Gowan Littleton faces up to 40 years in prison over the alleged Facebook posts.
Cops have charged 18-year-old Alexsandra Conley with making false alarms.
Police say the 18-year-old was fleeing in a stolen vehicle, and turned toward officers with a gun.
The 14-year-old sustained facial injuries while riding the Hogwarts Express train at Universal Orlando.
Jacob Hall, 6, died from his injuries on Saturday.
The death was one of two fatal police shootings of black men in California in the past week.
He cradled the baby girl in his arms. \u00a0But he did not beam with pride; instead, his face took on the sober look of someone
North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University said a male suspect managed to flee the scene.
Many are questioning if the operation was worth the effort.
One person was killed and more than 100 people were injured when the train plowed into a platform.
He also assaulted his teenage daughter and two other women.
Nathan Carman was a suspect in the 2013 murder of his grandfather, which is still unsolved.
Falling debris killed a woman standing on the platform.
Like many men who commit atrocious acts of mass violence, Ahmad Khan Rahami is accused of first targeting those closest to him.
Two students and one teacher were injured.
Some victims and the suspects are suspected to have ties to a community of people who dress up in animal costumes.
A teen armed with a pistol was seized. The suspect's father was found shot to death nearby.
The man was in a military-style uniform with Nazi items, and police found thousands of rounds of ammo in his car.
Nathan Carman, 22, was found in a life raft off the coast of Massachusetts Sunday. His mother is still missing.
Nathan DeSai was shot to death by police after wounding 9 people.
He was taken into custody on Saturday evening.
The shooting by three gunmen is believed to have been in retaliation for a Labor Day shooting.
Victims ranged in age from mid-teens to mid-90s, and included a mother and her daughter.
A manhunt was launched to find the suspect.
Four women were killed in the attack, and a man who was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries died overnight.
Proposed legislation could be disastrous for the city's pit bulls.
Hours before Omar Mateen was killed in a shootout with police, he complained about U.S. strikes on ISIS.
Video seen by officials and the victim's family has not settled the disagreement over whether Scott was armed.
The student involved is now in custody.
Police around the country say they're seeing similar scenes on a regular basis.
The killing of Keith Lamont Scott sparked clashes between protesters and police, who disagree on whether the man was armed.
Police and protesters disagree over whether Keith Lamont Scott was armed.
But a friend from church is helping Dennis Ferk get back on his feet.
Kevin Bell, 39, and Nikki Reed, 37, a mother of three, had been missing since Saturday.
\He's going to kill us,\ a man whispers to a 911 dispatcher in one call.
He later recanted the statement in which he called his son a terrorist, saying it was made in anger.
The case is one of a string of prosecutions targeting Rikers employees in recent years.
Federal prosecutors portrated Rahami as a jihadist who begged for martyrdom and praised Osama bin Laden.
Authorities reportedly are interested in Rahami's foreign trips.
Authorities believe alleged attacker Dahir Adan acted alone.
Mohamed Abbas says he's been targeted in the workplace many times for his religion.
Locals called Ahmad Khan Rahami \friendly.\
Who's he trying to kid?
Police wanted the public's help in their search for Ahmad Khan Rahami.
Bag containing explosive devices was found in a wastebasket.
\u201cHe could be armed and dangerous,\u201d New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said, warning that residents should be vigilant and report sightings to authorities.
He was arrested after a shootout in Linden, New Jersey.
\u201cI think the jury failed, I think the judge failed and I think justice was not served,\u201d the child's mother said.
Several people were detained late Sunday in connection with the bomb.
None of the eight victims were believed to have suffered life-threatening injuries.

The two separate indictments come amid tension over police conduct in Ohio, where a teen with a pellet gun was killed by an officer.
Masina could face a life sentence if convicted for the assault.
Apperson fired a single bullet into George Zimmerman\u2019s vehicle.
Top criminal defense organizations threw their weight behind Syed's push for a new trial.
Seventeen bags reportedly landed in a Colorado doggie day care's play area.
Officers encountered the man as he was attempting to remove a boot from a car.
Cherelle Locklear's mother accuses William Paterson University of failing to adequately investigate her daughter's attack.
\How did they lose track of him?\
\u201cIt\u2019s bizarre, its just hard to believe.\u201d
The suspect allegedly posted anti-Islamic material online.
Among multiple Islamophobic crimes, a man set a Muslim woman on fire in New York.
Incident may be considered a hate crime.
Jacob Barajas, 25, admitted to handcuffing his 9-year-old nephew to a chair for eating the cake without permission.
\u201cThey\u2019re 95 percent sure it was human,\u201d the Norwalk police chief says.
The fire comes after multiple threats were made against the mosque this summer.
All six victims were bystanders.
Hinckley shot Reagan after becoming obsessed with Jodie Foster in the film \Taxi Driver.\
3 workers tried to stop the attackers, the report revealed.
That's right -- babies.
Zambrano\u2019s death was among a series of police shootings across the United States that have put law enforcement agencies under scrutiny over their use of force against minorities.
Cops say they've apprehended a suspect.
Officers allegedly gave a teen info about police operations in return for sexual favors.
Police say a shooter is dead and another is person injured.
Rina Patel, 32, went overboard southwest of the Bahamas early Wednesday, officials said.
\I\u2019ve never seen her in my life,\u201d the car's owner said.
\u201cI think they did the right thing because he was defending me; that\u2019s what a husband does,\ said Nenegale Diallo of her spouse.
Police said nine people were hurt in the crash.
His parents became tireless advocates for missing children after his disappearance.
D'oh!
The suspect had three active arrest warrants.
Court filing claims the parents should also be named as defendants in lawsuit against the former Subway pitchman.
Brown managed the response to a shooting that killed five officers.
Couch is serving 720 days in jail -- 180 days for each of the four people he killed while driving drunk in 2013.
Their \u201conce in a lifetime trip\u201d may end with a lifetime behind bars.
Prosecutors and the officer disagree over what led to the killing.
Lyle Jeffs, one of the leaders of a fundamentalist polygamist church, has been missing since last month.
Joseph Moreno, 37, and Penny Rascon, 37, had been wanted in California.
Hundreds of travelers poured onto the airport's tarmac late Sunday.
A disfigured lizard was also dumped outside Tybee Island Police Department's station.
The pair are described as \u201cdocumented gang members.\u201d
The pilots were reportedly arrested in the cockpit of the New Jersey-bound flight, just before it was set to depart.
Officers pursued the woman's son after he ran a stop sign, police said.
Rodney Earl Sanders, 46, faces two counts of capital murder.
Nykea Aldridge, 32, a mother of four, was shot in the head and arm by crossfire in Chicago\u2019s Parkway Gardens neighborhood.
Thomas Hanna faces felony charges of sexual assault of an at-risk adult and sexual conduct with an inmate, as well as misdemeanor counts of official misconduct and soliciting prostitution.
The chaos followed allegations that the server \messed up\ the customer's order, a witness said.
\If I still had arrest powers, I would have arrested them quite a few times,\u201d a neighbor said.
Robert Hammock didn't mess around.
Most of us are used to seeing traffic lights above eye level. Whether we are driving, biking, or walking around Boston, traffic
A special task force has been set up to try and stop the drones from dropping off contraband to prisoners.
But officers weren't tricked by Shaun Miller's mask.
Police say the suspect broke into the house where his girlfriend was staying to escape his abuse.
Police believe there were at least two shooters.


Wood was convicted as an accomplice to murder, with a controversial psychiatrist testifying that he would commit more violence.
Residents are demanding that authorities treat the brazen daylight shooting as a hate crime.
The suspect was arrested after a hit-and-run accident on the day that the two men were killed exiting a mosque in Queens.
Sheborah Thomas faces two counts of capital murder after her kids, ages 5 and 7, were found dead Sunday.
A crowd of more than 100 people hurled rocks as police officers attempted to disperse the protesters.
Kina is recovering from two gunshot wounds she suffered in Wednesday's deadly shooting.
Police said the lone gunman shot both men in the head.
Their SUV was reportedly packed full of loot stolen from a construction site.
The plane reportedly crashed into trees after a botched landing attempt.
\u201cGot marijuana?\ local police wrote on Facebook. \We do!\
About 30 people, including three firefighters, were treated for injuries sustained from the blast and blaze.
The girl is estimated to be about 2 and is not believed to be related to the California couple.
The mother of two was hit by a live round fired during an exercise where participants make decisions on using lethal force.
Demonstrators were marking the second anniversary of the death of Michael Brown.
Vanessa Marcotte's death came just days after another New York City jogger was found dead. Police say the cases are not related.
A $140 million judgment led the media company to file for bankruptcy protection
He was gunned down in a busy San Francisco park.
The Paralympic gold medalist is currently in jail for killing his girlfriend.
\It looks like something went out of sequence.\
Temperatures in the area reached above 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with high humidity.
She's accused of feeding her daughter an entire teaspoon of salt.
An undercover detective created a fake online profile to catch Silverthorne.
A court complaint alleges that Erick Jamal Hendricks told an unnamed person his goal was to create a sleeper cell for carrying out attacks in the U.S.
Pinky the flamingo was 19 years old.
'The allegations in this case are profoundly disturbing.\
Officers are investigating the deaths of Natalie Henderson and Carter Davis.
Police pursued the man who was allegedly in a stolen car in 2015. Security video captured the officers hitting the suspect after he fled on foot.
The balloon's basket caught fire after hitting power lines and killed 16 people in the crash.
The father reportedly said \whatever\ when deputies told him they'd found his child.
The three people killed have been identified as Anna Bui, Jake Long and Jordan Ebner.
Police are still searching for the gunman.
\u201cI think he wanted to capture him and have him arrested,\u201d the local sheriff said.
It is one of the worst such accidents on record.
Many of those present were young.
The 16-year-old is charged with capital murder over the shooting.
An autopsy found the man had 15 broken ribs.
In a shocking video released by several news outlets, Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida is caught verbally assaulting and getting physical with a Politico reporter.
The shooting followed a traffic stop, late Thursday night.
The \Batman-style throwing star\u201d was found embedded in the front of a Seattle police SUV following a chase, authorities said.
The death of the 24-year-old rocked Washington D.C., and contributed to the fall of a congressman.
The case exemplifies how wildly unreliable roadside drug tests are.
The reptile's shell was broken and its head crushed.
Broward County Sheriff\u2019s Deputy Peter Peraza argued that the 2013 shooting was in self defense.
The device contains sealed sources of radioactive material that police warned could be a danger to the public if manipulated.
A gamer was also wounded in the gunfight in a Las Vegas park, police say.
\This kid was going places,\ a friend wrote of Stef'an Strawder, 18, who died early Monday.
A child was among the victims.
Van Houten is serving a life sentence for multiple murders, but maintains she was manipulated by Manson.
The department had been struggling to recruit new officers.
The sheriff's deputy was one of three lawmen killed in an ambush July 17.
\Being a cop wasn't just what he did, it was who he was,\ the police chief said at the slain officer's funeral.
Temperatures inside a vehicle can become dangerously hot faster than many people realize.
\Opie wasn\u2019t a dog,\ the boy's mom said. \He was our family.\
The officer who shot the unarmed therapist was identified as a SWAT team member.
The men allegedly expressed support for recent mass shootings, and hoped to join ISIS.
The DOJ alleges that a production company used millions stolen from a sovereign wealth fund to finance \The Wolf of Wall Street.\
\u201cThat's what I get for playing this dumb-ass game.\
The slain lawmen include a new father, a 24-year sheriff's veteran and a rookie who had served multiple tours in Iraq for the Army.
Lili Huang, 35, faces five felony counts related to human labor trafficking.
The attacker posted videos under a pseudonym in which he rejected peaceful protests to end systemic racism.
The explicit, handwritten note reportedly referenced the movement and two black men recently killed by police.
Will the prospect of hooking a Charizard prove too tempting?
The homeowner mistook the duo for burglars.
He grabbed the shotgun as it was being held inches away from his face.
Mari Johnson was found dead inside the French Robertson Unit, near Abilene, on Saturday.
Governor Edwards called the shooting a \diabolical attack on the very fabric of society.\
The officer fired one shot and struck Devaris Caine Rogers, 22, in the head, a district attorney says.
Kamayi Matumona's upbeat mood didn't last for long, say police.
The events are a small, positive step in many cities where trust is broken.
Someone smashed the windows and painted \Muhammad Prophet of butchers\ on the building.
The men say they looked up when the game froze and saw the fugitive touching a boy at a park.
It was a \one in a billion\ shot.
Rest in peace, Totti.
Four women and one man were wounded in Monday night's incident.
Surveillance video has raised doubts about officer Wayne Isaacs' claim that he fired in self defense after being punched.
An inmate grabbed an officer's gun and opened fire.
Be careful out there.
\Now those weapons are out there,\ the store owner said.
The district attorney has a personal relationship with one of the officers' parents.
He left the letters \RB\ in the building where police killed him.
Just two days ago, a sniper killed five officers in the city.
Officers were attacked in Tennessee, Georgia and Missouri.
\I was sure he would not shoot me. He came to rob me, not to kill me.\
\We were all in a panic. Everywhere I looked, people were crying and in disbelief of what they'd just witnessed.\
Michael Kevin Bautista streamed footage of the shootout with police.
\Nobody got hurt and that\u2019s a good thing.\
\I hope people can appreciate what these police officers did,\ said Harry Houck.
\It was just an endless stream of gunshots,\ she said.
Minneapolis area police officer Jeronimo Yanez was identified as the patrolman who fatally shot Philando Castile.
Jon David Guerrero's arrest in the savage attacks on San Diego's streets comes four days after another suspect was released.
The fuel feud ended with a broken arm and aggravated assault charge.
The shooting comes amid a frightening surge in anti-Muslim hate crimes in the U.S.
\u201cShe was just screaming, crying. She couldn\u2019t believe it\u201d
The act of vandalism is the latest in a string of alleged anti-Muslim crimes during the final week of Ramadan.
The 26-year-old tried to buy weapons for ISIS and give the group money, the Justice Department says.
The attack early on Sunday was at least the third involving Muslims in the U.S. in recent days.
Authorities say there is no threat to the man's Idaho community.
A homeless man was taken into custody Tuesday on suspicion of aggravated homicide.
The child's dad, Matt Graves, was injured after being attacked by the second gator while trying to rescue his son, emails reveal.
Authorities don't believe the device was intended to harm anyone.
There was disagreement on whether the attack was racially motivated.
Police said there's no indication that the attack was a hate crime, but its proximity to the mosque has some members worried.
Ekwan Hill, 42, faces charges for not one but two feces attacks against women in Manhattan on Monday.
An image on social media shows two rabbits inside a small glass tank.
\u201cIn the moment he was handing him the camera he lost his balance and fell,\u201d a witness said.
A U.S. national is among three men arrested over the plot in New Zealand.
Needless to say, he didn't get the job.
The children, aged 4, 3 and 2 years old, and 6 months old, were found shortly after noon on Friday in an apartment.
\Mr. Sheats will have to live the rest of his life with this horrible memory.\
Caught on video.
Threats made on social media are still real threats.
\We do whatever it takes to get them into custody,\ the tactical flight officer said.
Somchai Lisaius, 42, and Krystin Sorich Lisaius, 26, face felony drug and child abuse charges.
Shanika Minor is only the 10th woman to be placed on the list since 1950.
This trick was no treat for the victim.
\Kill me!\ suspect says.
Neighbors say the woman only recently moved into the Portland home with her two kids.
The 41-year-old man will face charges for killing Pamela Nightlinger, 42.
Luckily, little Didik was rescued just in time and is now on the slow road to recovery.
Two buffoons got into a gunfight... but only one was named after an actual clown.
Several victims suffered critical injuries.
The state is being challenged by inmates who claim the use of the drugs is unconstitutional.
Bulger was at the top of Boston's criminal underworld for a quarter-century, then going on the lam for 16 years before his capture.

Hundreds of thousands of people are without power.
Derp.
Daniel Peabody, 50, faces felony charges after leaving a dog to die in a hot car and possibly shooting another to death, authorities said.
The alligator snatched the toddler on June 14 as he played at the edge of the Seven Seas Lagoon, a manmade lake at the Walt Disney Co resort.
The FBI says the case has no \terrorism nexus.\
WASHINGTON, June 21 (Reuters) - An 18-year-old man who planned to fly to Morocco and travel to Islamic State-controlled territory
Students were performing drills when a weapon discharged, shooting James Baker, 64.
The FBI has released transcripts of Omar Mateen's 911 calls during last weekend's mass shooting.
The judge's decision comes six months after she allegedly helped her son jump bail and flee to Mexico.
Hundreds of people blocked members of the anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church who showed up to protest at another funeral.
The department is wrapped up in sex and racism scandals.
The teen told investigators she was the mother of two of the children found in the Pennsylvania house.
The mother wrestled the boy away after hearing his cries from outside their home, authorities said.
Colon, who was critically injured in the shooting, was pulled to safety by Officer Omar Delgado.
Resort had ongoing concerns with guests feeding gators, insider tells TheWrap
The \Harry Potter\ tribute honored Luis Vielma, a victim of the Orlando shooting.
What happened to Sidney Cranston remains as much a mystery today as it did when he vanished on June 16, 2015.
The 2-year-old boy had been wading in the water with his family Tuesday night when the attack occurred.
\This is New York City. The most diverse place in the world. And in New York, we protect our own.\
The trial is scheduled to begin on Nov. 7.
The former Marine said he wished he could've \saved more.\
The children are believed to be with Jason \Travis\ Simon, 37, and his girlfriend, Sarah Joy VanOcker-Dunn, 36.
The LGBT community refuses to hide.
The international LGBT community is responding to hate with a massive showing of unity.
It was last call early Sunday morning at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Josh McGill and his roommate were with hundreds
\In my opinion his current condition warrants hospitalization,\ the psychologist said of the former Paralympian who was convicted of murder.
ORLANDO, Fla., June 12 (Reuters) - A gunman killed at least 20 people and injured 42 others in a crowded gay nightclub in
A New Mexico man is accused of fatally shooting his wife and four daughters in their family home and then fleeing in his
The armed man reportedly threatened to kill a member and attempted to run over others.
\He was always angry, sweating, just angry at the world,\u201d one former co-worker says.
An FBI official cautioned that proving the suspected link to radical Islamism required further investigation.
\We don't know why he chose our club ... It's a safe space and everyone knows that.\
The last text she received said
\u201cThe one thing that we can say is that this is being treated as a terrorist investigation,\u201d said President Barack Obama.
\We're apologizing for the whole incident,\ his father said.
Well here we are again. Waking up to reports of a mass shooting. This time in Orlando.
Officials say he looks like a pit bull, which are banned in the township.
A man dressed like an Apple store employee waltzed into the company's New York City SoHo location and used the disguise to
Brock Turner may have a short stint behind bars, but he\u2019ll have a lifetime ban from the pool.
Police say the man was involved in a domestic dispute and rushed the police officer.
Another man is still missing after a mudslide at Green Brothers Gravel Pit near Crystal Springs, Mississippi.
The sex offender and former Stanford student is scheduled to spend just 3 months in jail, where he will be under protective custody.
Lottie Belk of Chester, Virginia, was 55.
William Powell was shot in the neck when a police officer fired his weapon after the 63-year-old did not comply with orders to drop his handgun.
An Arizona jury on Wednesday convicted the co-founder of a border militia group of molesting a 5-year-old girl but acquitted
The New York City Education Department has a pattern of discrediting and punishing victims of sexual assault, particularly
The powerful leader of the union that represents New York City correction officers, whose alliances with mayors and governors
\Six months for someone who viciously attacked a woman, especially after she was so brave to come forward, is outrageous.\
If convicted, Roof will likely face the death penalty.
It's the first major prosecution amid state and federal corruption probes.
Some dogs were reportedly found inside the walls of the Howell Township home.
The challenge led to a brief shootout in the family's El Paso County home Wednesday, authorities said.
The 31-year-old had been dead for some time when they discovered her, police said.
Dayshen McKenzie died while running for his life. The black Staten Island teen, fleeing what witnesses described as a mostly
They are to be charged with murder.
He could have been free for the cost of a cup of coffee. A Queens man spent nearly five months at Rikers Island \u2014 from November
A surgical technologist accused of swapping needles to steal powerful drugs from Swedish Medical Center has tested positive
Investigators found the list while searching the crime scene in a small office in an engineering building on the UCLA campus.
The campus is safe after a two-hour lockdown.
Anna has made the trip to Rikers hundreds of times in the nearly six years her son has been awaiting trial. Each time, a
Nouman Raja was in plain clothes and in an unmarked van when he shot Corey Jones as he waited for help.
\Could it be a homicide, could it be a suicide, could it be natural, a fisherman? We don\u2019t know,\ police said.
\I thought the guy was trying to kill us, obviously,\u201d the injured biker said.
\This is something you don't do. This is a form of desecration.\
The fall killed one woman and critically injured another.
The deceased pilot was called an \extraordinary,\ aviator.
May 29 (Reuters) - Police in Houston killed a gunman on Sunday in a chaotic shootout that left one other person dead, six
At this time, no arrests have been made.
The victim's family alleges in a $10 million lawsuit that coaches and administrators failed to stop months of racist abuse.
May 22 (Reuters) - A central Massachusetts police officer was shot to death during a traffic stop early on Sunday, prompting
Most shootings with four deaths or injuries are invisible outside their communities.\u00a0And most of the lives they scar are
The dog was found in a motel room with meth, heroin and nicotine in his system.
The 54-year-old Bornean orangutan was a mother of four and surrogate to two babies at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.
Stephen Gidcumb allegedly printed the counterfeit cash at home.
Zimmerman has said he will use the funds to combat anti-police groups and Hillary Clinton.
Embattled Chief Greg Suhr submitted his resignation after the mayor asked for it.
Jurors ruled in favor of Cinemark USA Inc in the lawsuit filed by more than two dozen surviving victims and relatives of the dead, court spokesman Rob McCallum said on Twitter.
Authorities said he had refused to drop the weapon during the rush hour scuffle.
The Los Angeles school district will pay $88 million to settle sexual abuse cases at two elementary schools where complaints
\I feel blessed,\ John Nolley, 42, said after leaving a Texas courtroom Tuesday.
Zalayia Jenkins would have turned 10 this Tuesday.
\Would I like to put you in the dumpster? Yeah,\u201d the judge told Michael Andrew Sutton.
Samantha Broberg, 33, was reported missing and might have fallen overboard about 195 miles from the Texas coast.
Samantha Broberg, 33, was sitting on a deck railing and fell backwards into the water, a Carnival spokeswoman said.
The state has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn Vernon Madison's stay so it can move forward with his execution.
Bidding had hit $65 million on Friday.
Authorities have called the officers' behavior \disturbing.\
Claims he'll use the money against Hillary Clinton, Black Lives Matter and the state attorney who charged him with second-degree murder.
By Keith Coffman COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - The man accused of killing three people and wounding nine others in
The disaster killed 15 people.
TV cameras pulled back and broadcasters used euphemisms rather than describing what happened.
Video shows the deputies punching and hitting Petrov with batons at least three dozen times as he screams \I'm sorry,\ \Help me,\ and \Oh my God.\

Tordil is suspected of killing his wife, two strangers and wounding three others in a two-day shooting rampage.
He seemed a little flushed.
The FBI warns the robber is armed and dangerous.
The shooting victims - two male and one female - were taken to a hospital.
Police say Eulalio Tordil, 62, fatally shot his wife on Thursday, and opened fire on two shopping centers Friday.
Kyle Andrew Bessemer, 29, was charged.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (Reuters) - A U.S. Homeland Security Department watchdog unit is investigating alleged \profiling\ of Somali
Los Angeles police investigators obtained a method to open the locked iPhone belonging to the slain wife of \The Shield\ actor
The gunman was heard shouting \y'all ruined my life\ before he started shooting.
The National Transportation Safety Board revealed its findings about the crash on Wednesday.
A $20,000 reward is being offered for information on Joseph Micalizzi's shooting near the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
Mark Raden's fine comes less than a year after he was accused of shining a laser in a police officer's face.
The messages made fun of Muslims, African-Americans, Latinos, women and victims of child abuse, among others.
The former Penn State assistant football coach is serving 30 to 60 years in prison after being convicted of molesting 10 boys.
This past week, a Milwaukee toddler fatally shot his mother after finding a handgun in the back seat of the car they were
At 16, Tyler was the youngest person on Louisiana's death row.
Federal agents arrested three people, including the older brother of San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook,\u00a0on charges
\u201cIf anybody sees any blue men running around, call 911,\u201d police said.
151 passengers were aboard.
The three were arrested on charges of federal conspiracy, marriage fraud and making false statements.
The 2-year-old grabbed a gun his mom's boyfriend had left in the car.
\She shouldn\u2019t have asked a kid to get off the bus, at all,\ the boy's mom fumed.
The investigation comes just days after 31-year-old Nicole Mittendorff's death.
Sean Morkys, 20, allegedly posted the threat on Twitter and told a friend to warn relatives attending the event.
The students were leaving Antigo High School when they were wounded by a suspect armed with a rifle, police said.
The mother of one of the boys hopes the iPhone will reveal what happened to them.
There's no public safety justification for stripping people of their right to vote.  In fact, it's more likely that exercising the right to vote contributes to normalcy and law abiding behavior than the opposite.
\My whole family, they are shocked over it.\
The suspect was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He's been re-sentenced in the 1999 murder of 81-year-old Marjorie Nugent.
Federal law enforcement investigators are searching in at least three states for more than 500 pounds of explosives stolen
No butts about it.
Police say each staff member was handed half a gram of the illicit drug.
Other relatives have been warned to take \particular caution.\
Two students were taken for questioning by police.
Surveillance video released Wednesday captures the last moments of a popular hotel cocktail server who was punched and knocked
The former officers were convicted in 2011 over an incident in which police fired on unarmed people walking over the city's Danziger Bridge in September 2005.
One of the Palm Beach Zoo's four Malayan tigers killed Stacey Konwiser, a keeper and tiger expert, last Friday.
Around 2 a.m. on Sunday morning, a 20-year-old Marine was gunned down in San Bernardino, California.
She accused the Democratic presidential candidate of laughing about gun violence and having no compassion for victims.
\I don't know what to do!\ the driver called as his car sank with him inside.
John Reed, 53, and Tony Reed, 49, are both convicted felons and considered \armed and dangerous,\ authorities said.
That's not creamer!
The firefighters were responding to a routine welfare check.
Talk about throwing the book at them.
\He took out the racks and made himself a nice cubby hole.\
New evidence corroborated an alibi for McCullough.
Leslie Van Houten is serving a life sentence.
Cosby lost a previous bid to fend off the same lawsuit on similar grounds last year.
Fults claimed he shot his neighbor in a \dream-like state,\ which was determined to be a lie.
On a Saturday in February, Chivy Ngo, who owns Mister Bo Ky restaurant in Brooklyn, took a rare three-hour lunch break, closed
Jaime Galvan\u2019s family made no sound on the frigid morning when they visited his grave. There were no bereaved memorials, no
For Prentiss Mayo, negative interactions with the criminal justice system are a part of life. The 34-year-old native of Oakland
Robert Lewis Dear is charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder.
\We couldn't ask for a better outcome as far as the sentence is concerned.\
Kelless Twohearts Lory consumed a toxic substance after the verdict was read out.
\We want to be clear. We will not tolerate this behavior,\ the school's superintendent said.
\I just want to get teeth in my head and go on.\
Some people will do anything for a Five Guys burger... allegedly.
The Super Bowl winner was reportedly killed, and his wife injured, after a minor traffic collision.
They thought the cloak would help them beat the alarm system.
Wayne Allen Huntsman will also pay $60 million for causing injuries to California firefighters.
Cory Batey faces a sentence of 15 to 25 years in prison.
Brenda Delgado, who was on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List, was detained in the city of Torreon.
Only in L.A.
The suspect reportedly threatened the officer with an axe as sheriff\u2019s deputies and public housing officials were serving her an eviction notice.
A civil jury cleared Sergeant William Flores, who shot a man in the head after the suspect fell to the ground.
\u201cIt wasn\u2019t meant to go up into the sky.\u201d
Pablo Vasquez, 38, will be put to death by lethal injection for the 12-year-old boy's gruesome killing.
He\u2019s either California\u2019s luckiest or unluckiest driver.
New Mexico's Blue Hole has been closed to the public for 40 years, but Shane Thompson had permission to venture inside.
In a country that has only a fraction of our incarceration rate, even Germany's deepest-end prisons are humane and decent in ways that, at least at present, are difficult to fathom in the U.S. context.
\We don't know if it's a hoax, but there's no nexus to the murders.\
Jeffrey Dahmer committed his first murder inside the house.
The beating left the victim with serious injuries.
The San Diego Police Department trains dogs to enter a building and bite the first person they find.
One evening last September, Pamela Anderson\u2019s 33-year-old son was threatening her and needed to go to the hospital for medication
The group denounces the lack of HIV testing and treatment inside parish jails.
Hyongtae Pae, 72, reportedly threatened to kill passengers who tried to get him back in his seat.
Police say the woman cut a 2-inch gash in her own face as part of the lie.
Robert Wilson will spend the next 30 years behind bars.
She could have received a refund... had she not eaten half the pie by the time police showed up.
Vandals destroyed a statue of a toy solider dedicated to a 6-year-old hailed for his heroism during the massacre. Now Kellie
The shooter is also dead.
Modie is serving 18 years to life in prison for the 2002 murder of a 26-year-old woman in Cleveland.
EAST ORANGE, N.J. (CBSNewYork) \u2014 A taxi driver managed to drive himself to a police station to get help after he was shot
FAA regulations bar any pilot from flying within eight hours of having a drink.
Ryley Smith was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison.
The rope was hung over the memorial to James Meredith, the school's first black student.
He's charged with sexually abusing four women in ER.
Three women told the court that Ghomeshi hit them, pulled their hair, or choked them during intimacy.
Maybe he just should've left a bad review on Yelp.
Ward's lawyers had sought to halt the execution, arguing he suffered from severe mental illness.
Flames were shooting out of a dormitory window, according to police.
Somebody needs to review his mall bunny training.
The incident, which happened during SXSW, is under investigation.
He should have stuck to blending in.
The toddler was airlifted to the hospital suffering from second- and third-degree burns.
It's the second time in four years a skull has been found there.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is investigating.
The case exposed a tradition of sexual abuse at the prestigious school.
Authorities said this week they feared Adriana Coronado was in \great danger.\
The student stabbed four people and was shot dead by police last fall at UC Merced.
The suspect called his mother before killing himself.
It is the first ISIS-related prosecution to reach trial in the U.S.
The two-page hand-written lawsuit says it's Uber's fault Dalton is in prison.
\The only reason I do this is because it's the right thing to do.\
Officers say the music represented \an intentional act... to incite the crowd.\
The beatdown came just two months into the former Subway pitchman's sentence.
He reportedly wore a surgical mask during the fight so he wouldn't catch germs.
Prince George's County Police Chief Henry Stawinski said he did not believe the officer who fired the fatal shot had deliberately targeted a fellow officer.
Video caught someone throwing the felines over a fence.
The police chief says the incident was no joke.
The accident sheared off part of a streetlight.
The five-hour rampage left 6 people dead and two more injured.
Police \flooded\ the area to pursue an outstanding suspect.
\He probably saved lives in this case,\ an official said.
Four officers discharged their weapons during the gunfight, but authorities are not yet ready to identify which officer fired the fatal round.
It was just another late Friday night at Wichita State University \u2014 so late that it might have been early Saturday.
Officers opened fire after ramming the police car on Sunday night.
Police in Fort Worth, Texas, say they are reviewing body and dash cam footage of the incident.
\She was trying to prove that she can do it,\ her mother said.
The officer was treated with non-life threatening injuries.
The alleged assailant killed Nash, a 3-year-old male dog.
A petition is calling for the dog trainer to cancel his show.
Authorities say the boy's father may have taken him during a violent domestic dispute.
\It was like a vision of God when I saw those lights.\
At this time, the suspects are still at large.
The pup had escaped from home and bitten a woman trying to read her tags.
The dogs were living in their own waste, caged without food or water.
The Secret Service reportedly took Kyle Odom into custody on Tuesday night after he allegedly threw unspecified objects over the White House fence.
Stuart Dryburgh, who was nominated for an Oscar for his work on \The Piano,\ was arrested in New York City.
None of the injuries were life-threatening.
Pablo Antonio Serrano-Vitorino may be armed with an AK-47, police say.
The terrifying accident was caught on the vehicle's dashcam.
James Edward Loftis claims he shot the men after they forced their way inside his home demanding money, according to police.
Assemble the gang!
Philip Scott Fournier, 55, was taken into custody over the killing of 16-year-old Joyce McLain.
What was the murder weapon? And what happened to it? And how exactly did the murders take place in the crowded space in front
He allegedly made several high dollar purchases using cloned credit cards.
A 40-year-old Californian was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle him over the border from Mexico.
Michele Anderson gunned down her relatives after a dispute over money.
As part of a plea deal, Samuel McHenry admitted only to sexual misconduct.
Police say these surveillance images show Ellis Battista paying for his loot.
\We all know the emptiness inside when we lose something so valuable.\
\The body is sacred,\ the defendant's son said. \That may include the genitals. In fact, I'm pretty sure it does.\u201d
The 18-year-old is accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman who he \treated\ for stomach pain.
His family says they had no idea he even had a gun.
Somehow, this was not a Will Ferrell movie.
A judge has ordered him to remain at least 100 yards away from any Girl Scout event.
The report found a marked increase in the shooting of mentally ill people from the previous year.
The district attorney says guards in a county jail watched as prisoners were pitted against each other.
Several Klan members were arrested this weekend after stabbing three people who were protesting their rally.
\What can I say. I did abuse the system, yes. Yes, I did.\
Ronald Williams Hamilton is suspected of killing his wife and a police officer and wounding two other people.
Two of the young men were Muslim, but local police do not believe it was a hate crime.
Maci Madelyn Lilley, 5, was found a few miles outside the Fort Peck Indian Reservation two days after she went missing.
The suspect was a volunteer for a group that opened and organized mail and gifts sent to the child.
The man fatally shot himself in front of police after an hours-long standoff.
One Klan member stabbed a counterprotester with the tip of a flagpole.
Police say he fled with around $2,000.
The suspect, who is bald, reportedly has taken thousands of dollars of the hair-growth formula from multiple stores.
The man reportedly killed himself in front of law enforcement.
\I marveled at his maturity,\ a former school district official said.
Witnesses say the red Corvette was driving around 70 mph when it crashed into a tree Tuesday.
The announcement comes about a year after 19-year-old Jessica Chambers was found dead.
The driver's alternative requests were \PETALOL\ and \8SLUGTHG.\
\u201cHe would follow the cars and when he would realize that it was not his owner's car, he would just stand there and look helpless.\u201d
Uber driver Jason Dalton crashed his SUV fleeing the first shooting scene and was driving a second vehicle when he was arrested.
The alleged attacker is only 13.
Jason Dalton, an Uber driver, allegedly picked up passengers in between the shooting rampage.
The defamation case was brought by seven women against the disgraced entertainer.
Gregory Jennrich, 31, has been charged with felony auto theft.
Jason B. Dalton is expected to be arraigned on multiple counts of murder.
\They could easily have Googled me and they didn\u2019t.\
They turned 18-year-old Jonathan Ratcliff over to police.
This shooting is just the latest in a series of incidents that has left four other NYPD officers dead since December.
The talented Bradley Doyley may have been forced to drink a toxic substance.
Advocates have said for years that breed-specific legislation just doesn't work.
And it wasn't the popcorn shrimp he was after.
Jefferson Parish authorities on Wednesday arrested the girlfriend of Eric Harris, the man fatally shot in Central City last
He was indicted on 16 felony charges, including conspiracy, assault on a federal officer and obstruction of justice.
Travis Hittson, 45, was convicted of murdering 20-year-old Conway Utterbeck during a weekend leave. A third sailor assisted in the gruesome coverup.
Maybe they thought it was baking class.
Police say they recovered seven marijuana plants and a cache of firearms and ammunition.
One of the officers allegedly told a victim, \Why don\u2019t you cut out that tough-girl crap.\
Iaron Brooks' mother had publicly pleaded for the return of the 23-year-old's body after he vanished in December.
Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer is being investigated by the NYPD after allegedly assaulting a woman at the ritzy Plaza Hotel, sources
Zachary Marr was last seen around 1:40 a.m. Saturday, according to police.
One of the darts reportedly sunk two inches into a man's thigh.
Michael Sykes was charged with three counts of murder.
The 17-year-old's arm was ripped off after his alleged victim drove an SUV into him, surveillance video shows.
The pair lost the key and called cops, who realized there was a warrant out for the husband.
\There was no rhyme or reason as to who he was going after.\
\This was not an active shooter situation. We realized that when we got on the scene.\
It was just a few minutes into 2016 when shots rang out in El Cajon, California.
Cliven Bundy, the controversial Nevada rancher at the center of an armed standoff with federal officials in 2014, was arrested
Sheriff's investigation ongoing.
A customer at a Wendy\u2019s drive-thru allegedly threw a three-and-a-half foot alligator into the window at one of the restaurant\u2019s
They were reportedly too intoxicated to do so themselves.
Charles Sebesta lied and presented false testimony against Robert Carter for the murders of six people.
A man who admitted stabbing his wife to death in 2011, but was found not guilty by reason of insanity can not get her $21,000
\His eyes were rolled back,\ rookie police officer Peter Liang said, his voice breaking. \He was just laying there very still.\
The 12-year-old, who also goes by Gabi, was found safe Monday morning in Oakridge.
Claudia Castillo's phone number and other details were posted on social media.
He makes sure accused dealer is the fall guy.
Benjamin Tiller fatally shot McKayla Dyer in a fight over her new dogs.
The 58-year-old man dropped out of the 5-mile race before getting to the part where runners down a dozen glazed doughnuts, organizers said.
The suspect wore the superhero's famous mask and a \bat\ shirt for the holdup.
Murder, at its core, is relatively uncomplicated. One person, either out of anger or the promise of some kind of personal
He had gained viral fame last year after posting a touching video of his therapy dog.
Derek Medina will spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Charles White also has \Nazi\ inked on his throat.
He told a detective it was \easy\ to do.
One suspect died from apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Machine takes pictures if it's manipulated or damaged in any way.
Prosecutors in California want Durst in connection with the 2000 killing of writer Susan Berman.
Brandon Astor Jones killed a convenience store manager during a 1979 robbery.
\It\u2019s typical San Francisco
Steven Lawrence Wright was awaiting trial for a gang-related murder.
The victim's mother spoke out about her daughter's life.
The man with saggy pants is wanted by cops in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Natalie Keepers and David Eisenhauer, arrested one day apart, face charges in the murder of Nicole Madison Lovell.
A tip from an observant woman led police to the location of the escaped inmates who had been on the run for more than a week.
Seven people were reportedly taken to area hospitals.
They're now planning on suing the park.
Now, the man who hid the stash in the first place is leading the search.
The officer wants to adopt the police dog, but state law is in the way.
The Justice Department says they denied access to water and police protection to nonchurch members.
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) \u2014 Police captured one of three fugitive inmates on Friday after they escaped a week ago from a California
Four people remain at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, ignoring calls to go home.
It remains unclear what led to the chase that preceded the alleged exchange of gunfire.
Unfortunately, the force was weak with these two.
\It's just a shock,\ said a neighbor. \This is a close-knit neighborhood.\
A call for delivery pizza tipped off authorities to Couch's whereabouts.
Police are searching for two suspects who fled into a nearby wooded area.
Orange County's district attorney described Hossein Nayeri as \sophisticated, incredibly violent and cunning.\
The El Paso City Council today moved today to curb the practice of routinely locking people up for unpaid traffic fines without
The city won't turn over records about the bizarre incident.
The 14-year-old was left suffering a brain aneurysm, a crushed eye socket, and needing 48 staples to his head from the botched escape game.
Killed was Robert \LaVoy\ Finicum, who had acted as spokesman for the militants.
Two 10-year-old children were hospitalized with serious but non-life-threatening injuries.
Cleveland officials said Tuesday they're firing six police officers involved in a 137-shot barrage that killed two unarmed
After a report of shots fired, the center encouraged people to \run, hide or fight.\
Jail officials didn't realize that the three inmates, charged with violent felonies, were missing until long after they vanished Friday.
Police Officer Peter Liang is accused of shooting into a darkened stairwell, accidentally killing Gurley.
Zelich is also charged in the death of a second woman, whose body was found in a suitcase along a Wisconsin highway.
The men, who authorities say cut their way through steel bars, face charges including murder, attempted murder, kidnapping, and torture.
Sheriff\u2019s investigators Sunday were continuing to search for three dangerous prisoners who escaped from the Orange County
A Claremont man was in the Catawba County Jail on Saturday charged with murder after he allegedly fatally shot a good Samaritan
Investigators don't know whether the customers or the owners started the shooting Saturday afternoon at McLemore Gun Shop near Picayune, Miss.
Police haven't said why the man was denied in the first place.
He was allegedly found face down behind a dog kennel with a gun and \bacon covered in an unknown substance.\
Husband calls the cops, and then gets charged with murder.
Chief Eric Tade was stabbed in the hand and leg.
Here's another reason to microchip your pets.
Some people aren't exactly happy about him getting reinstated.
The most recent in a string of surreptitious recordings by employees of nursing homes and assisted-living centers.
\Run them over. Keep traffic flowing and don't slow down for any of these idiots.\
St. Louis police said the officer shot the suspect after he refused to lower his weapon.
'Plucked from relative obscurity to lead a sprawling flock of lawyers.'
Danville Officer Thomas Cottrell was found dead just hours after a woman warned that her ex-boyfriend was looking to kill.
Reports seem to indicate that the children were unharmed.
The blond, blue-eyed boy hasn't been seen since Thursday, though authorities say there's \no reason\ to suspect foul play.
Officer Douglas Barney, a married father of three, was fatally shot while helping search for Cory Lee Henderson and his passenger Sunday.
Bruce Castor will be a key witness for the defense at a Feb. 2 hearing over what Cosby's lawyers have called a \non-prosecution agreement.\
The attack comes amid increasing anxiety in the United States over the threat posed by Islamic State.
Tornadoes are not common in the area, but more likely during El Ni\u00f1o systems.
(CNN) --\u00a0A former district attorney in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, claims he agreed more than a decade ago that his
Would fairytales really have happier endings if there were more guns involved?
The suspect told his victims to meet him the next day with $1,500. Guess what happened.
Comey declined to say whether Archer had been radicalized.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel has said he didn't understand the gravity of Laquan McDonald's shooting death at the hands of a Chicago
We can all breathe a sigh of relief.
Guillermo Aillon was convicted in the 1972 killings of his estranged wife and her parents.
\My personal opinion is that the state did not meet its burden.\
\An unusual start to the workweek.\
Video shows one of the two siblings clinging to the hood of their moving car.
State police say the constable fired one shot at an armed man. The bullet passed through the man's arm and hit his daughter.
While officers raced to a recent 911 call about a man threatening his ex-girlfriend, a police operator in headquarters consulted
\I am disgusted and deeply saddened by the horrific attack,\ New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said.
\He's lucky it wasn't feeding day.\
\We want her home and we'll do whatever it takes.\
Ryan Duffin was a freshman at the University of Virginia when he met a student named Jackie.
The suspect remembered his p's and q's.
Authorities say each of the suspects took turns raping the 18-year-old.
Ashley Olsen, 35, was found in her Florence apartment with her neck bruised and scratched, police said.
\There\u2019s not a doubt in my mind that that dog saved officers\u2019 lives today.\
Jesus Ibarra allegedly sold the sweet treats from his garage.
Nicholas Severino Jr. continued cashing checks his father received under fictitious name.
The incident was captured on cell phone.
\I don't care whether they are kidnapped or a runaway; they are still missing and may be in danger.\
The suspect ran away, but was quickly apprehended by other officers.
The city mayor calls the shooting a case of mental illness, not radicalization.
\He took advantage of me. ... It wasn't right.\
In the first case, the woman miscarried. Now he's accused of rape.
A female and \several other people\ were allowed to leave the home, but the toddler remained inside with the suspect.
Convicted of felony assault. Sentence
The attack was captured on video.
\u201cThey didn\u2019t even reach out to me or care one bit.\u201d
Judge temporarily postpones the deposition of Bill Cosby's wife.
DECATUR, Ga. (AP) \u2014 A standoff at a motel outside Atlanta that involved a number of children ended Tuesday morning with the
Kaya said she painfully peeled herself off the seat before running to her mom in tears.
John Patrick Hannan escaped from prison in England in December 1955.
The shots fired by 58-year-old Randal Ratledge caused no injuries.
The boy had wandered away barefoot and without a coat during a New Year's Eve party.
Video surveillance captured him outside the home of a former \Jersey Belle\ reality TV star.
Gideon Swartzentruber was initially only sentenced to probation.
A man shot three people before his own son killed him, according to police.
An attempted murder suspect who was fatally shot by Las Vegas police was holding a cellphone that was mistaken for a gun
Pei told police that 28-year-old Eter Nikolaishvili grabbed his right forearm and forcefully twisted it Dec. 13.
\We're scared, but we're trying to keep positive thoughts in our head,\ his sister said.
Authorities say Delia Ann Stacey told her family she was going to visit a friend.
While Asylum is unlikely, experts say Ethan Couch could use a human rights law to delay deportation.
Here's a look at what has happened so far and what could happen in coming days or weeks.
Restaurant owner John Page says Lutchman \caused more trouble than positive.\
\All that water's coming south and we have to be ready for it,\ Louisiana Lieutenant Governor-Elect Billy Nungesser told CNN.
RIVERSIDE, Calif. (AP) \u2014 A grand jury has indicted the man who provided the guns used in the San Bernardino massacre on counts
Ethan Couch's deportation was delayed by a Mexican judge.
Police say Laquinton Banks stole more than $1,600 from motorists who didn't speak English.
About 6,000 uniformed police officers will be patrolling the area where more than one million people are expected
Amalia Lopez De Mansilla died after she was stabbed nearly a dozen times in the chest and torso.
\The FBI remains concerned about people overseas who use the Internet to inspire people in the United States to commit acts of violence where they live.\
The officer allegedly wrote this his wife wanted to have sex with strangers.
One couple at the church lent the man $400 and then he borrowed their new $450 electric generator and returned it \broken and unusable.\
They had one job.
Illinois' governor has declared disasters in seven counties as hundreds of homes face a rare winter flood being blamed for at least 20 deaths.
Kyle Burford, 29, allegedly struck his nephew with enough force to \knock him off his feet and into a wall.\
The security breach is the second at Van Nuys Airport in two years.
\We are trying to think of a scenario where he is still alive -- hoping against the odds.\
Police said they noticed drops of blood on the suspect's eyeglasses.
Couch, 18, and his mother, Tonya Couch, were taken into custody on Monday evening in the Pacific Ocean resort of Puerto Vallarta.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) \u2014 A Puerto Rico policeman fatally shot two high-ranking officers and a policewoman on Monday following
Neighbors tried to help the victim, but she died at a hospital.
\u201c(You) stop to help somebody and they stab you.\u201d
Backroad Anthem singer Craig Strickland and friend vanish after tweeting about a trip into \Winter Storm Goliath.\
No arrests were made, and the mall reopened a day later.
Flying piece of metal hit 29-year-old in the head.
Police said the \violent encounter\ involved a man who threw a brick or rock.
Nearly a thousand times this year, an American police officer has shot and killed a civilian.
Michael Stasko allegedly shot wife and daughter dead before turning gun on himself.
The 23-year-old spent his school break on a search for the body.
\We're thinking the police are going to serve us, take him to the hospital. They took his life.\
Jackie VanTyle allegedly stockpiled the body waste in a bucket.
The adult video store worker said the problems were down to \operator error.\
Another child alerted the teacher that the girl looked \like a vampire.\
Police said there was an \officer involved shooting\ inside Northlake Mall in Charlotte.
Nearly half the 184 Georgians shot and killed by police since 2010 were unarmed or shot in the back, an Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Not a great plan.
Josmel Herrera was on a video call with a relative when he accidentally shot himself.
Fiona Gordon-Macleod, 69, was allegedly furious that her 76-year-old roommate wanted to live.
Selections from exceptional journalism we read this year.
The grand jury reached no decision on whether the trooper who arrested Bland should face charges.
BOSTON, Dec 22 (Reuters) - A man who lent the convicted Boston Marathon bomber the gun used to kill a police officer three
Another round of homicides over the weekend in Baltimore \u2014 and the death of a student stabbed last month in a school classroom
Tonya Couch may be with her son, Ethan, the Tarrant County Sheriff's Office said.
Where this man was going, he didn't need roads.
Police believe Lakeisha N. Holloway, 24, intentionally mowed down people on a busy stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard, killing one and injuring dozens of others Sunday night.
TORRANCE, Calif. (AP) \u2014 A man brought to a hospital after attacking police was shot to death by a Los Angeles officer in
The female driver left the scene, but was later taken into custody.
Anthony Cumia was arrested shortly after his 26-year-old girlfriend accused him of breaking her hand in a Periscope video.
STEPHEN SINGER, Associated Press A fatal weekend house fire in Massachusetts has eerie similarities with an even deadlier
The suspect went full \Mission
They worried about Seeger's \Communistic sympathies.\
Judge imposed 26-years-to-life sentence on Ka Yang.
Police believe that the shooting was random.
Amos Frerichs \used his vehicle as a weapon,\ police say.
The suspect told police the cat was evil.
Video shows the man fall to the ground among a group of protesters as more police rush in and drag away the man.
Police said the man followed the victim home.
Marquez was also charged with defrauding U.S. immigration authorities by entering into a sham marriage with a woman in Farook's extended family.
\Love makes you do stupid things,\ the recently divorced 24-year-old said.
No one came to court with her that day, except her public defender.
Manassas City Police Det. David Edward Abbott Jr. was wanted for allegedly having inappropriate relations with two boys.
The DA who tackled the accused said the courthouse courtroom is like \being in the Wild West.\
He said he wasn't bluffing, and he proved it.
The volunteer allegedly exposed himself outside a Food City in Tennessee.
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will face general court-martial in connection with his 2009 disappearance from his base in Afghanistan
Dec 14 (Reuters) - A Maryland man has been charged with attempting to provide material support to Islamic State, the Justice
The mayor's wife was interviewed and no charges have been filed in the case.
\I'm the guy they're looking for,\ Jasper Harrison allegedly told police.
\Not even the baby Jesus could save him,\ one Twitter user quipped.
Deputies say the man was armed, but the victim's family calls the shooting unjust.
The mosque is about 75 miles from San Bernardino.
A grand jury voted this week not to indict the officers.
Homicide was ruled out, and investigators say suspect Marvin Banks may have died of natural causes.
Witnesses called police when the driver got stuck trying to turn the bus around.
Three educators got sick from eating the tainted food.
Riverside County sheriff's deputies called the fire at Islamic Center of Palm Springs arson.
The DJ also made oinking noises over the microphone.
Ailsa Jackson says Sgt. Michael Walker wanted his wife gone. He says he loved his wife, with whom he was trying to have a baby.
It was not clear whether any bikers had similar guns to the police that day.
\It hard to accept, even in your drunken state, you were not aware of it at all,\ judge says.
The device had the firepower of \two large firecrackers.\
No shots were fired.
BOSTON (AP) \u2014 A six-car train with passengers on board that left a suburban Boston transit station without a driver Thursday
Officer William Porter told  jurors that he didn't call an ambulance for Freddie Gray because Gray was alert, appeared uninjured and didn't complain of any pain or wounds in the back of a police van.
Theresa Vail is known for her military service and rugged TV show.
Brian Keith Terrell, 47, was put to death for the June 1992 killing of John Watson.
Glenn Evans faces charges of aggravated battery and official misconduct for the 2013 incident.
Surveillance video appears to show it being thrown from a pickup.
Paul and Joshua Rojek allegedly took the wings from the restaurant they worked at.
The suspect can be seen careening up a one-way street in the wrong direction.
May the police force be with you!
The deadliest incidents understandably generate the most intense interest. Meanwhile, the everyday gun violence that plagues
The county's health director, who survived the shooting, relived how the victims held each other as the attackers opened fire.
At least one witness thought the fight was a performance with fake blood.
The FBI said they'd been radicalized \for quite some time.\
The tiny infant was hidden under asphalt and loose dirt.
He reportedly told investigators that the weapon fired accidentally.
Buddy the Chihuahua suffered severe burns and had to be humanely euthanized.
The 10- and 11-year-olds were allegedly upset about an older friend being bullied.
RIVERSIDE, Calif., Dec 5 (Reuters) - Federal agents in Riverside conducted a search early on Saturday at what neighbors say
By Mark Hosenball and Diane Bartz WASHINGTON, Dec 6 (Reuters) - U.S. investigators are increasingly convinced the California
The 73-year-old reportedly wanted a quick hit as a cop checked his documentation.
Svein Johannessen allegedly made two calls from inside Philadelphia International Airport.
Two people were taken to the hospital and are expected to recover.
Tashfeen Malik's path to accused mass killer in California began in a small city on the Indus River in Pakistan's Punjab
Arizona couple Fernando and Sophia Richter were convicted of kidnapping and child abuse charges.
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE One startling disclosure came from social media network Facebook, which confirmed that comments praising
\This was a person who was successful, who had a good job, a good income, a wife and a family. What was he missing in his life?\
Farhan Khan is desperate for answers.
Eric Kohler was found one day after HuffPost received a tip he was in the town of La Paz, Mexico.
It's called the \bullet button loophole.\
The officer was evacuating people from the Inland Regional Center, the site of a mass shooting.
Nikey Dashone Walker and Shadeed Dontae Bey allegedly used the victim's cell phone to film the attack.
A teacher tipped off authorities after finding a written plan to attack a nearby high school.
\There's a shooter at work.\
Several staff members at the San Bernardino facility thought it was a drill.
He did limit the call to \licensed handgun owners.\
Police identified the killers as Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and Tashfeen Malik, 27.
Samantha Leialoha Watanabe allegedly smacked her daughter in the face and yanked out clumps of hair to keep her quiet.
No criminal charges will be filed against a former California Highway Patrol officer who punched a bipolar woman as she walked
A Colorado voter registration form listed Robert Dear as female, sparking some speculation that he is transgender. Officials
Other officers \watched as his eyes fluttered and he became unresponsive.\
Michigan Humane Society is begging the public for help.
Sophia Richter says her girls were never mistreated, though police say abuse was ongoing for years.
Kai Xu, 27, was busted after seen with \irregularly shaped bulges\ under his sweat pants.
Bail was set at $1.5 million, of which 10 percent had to be posted.
Eric Kohler mysteriously disappeared two days before Thanksgiving.
Jabari R. Dean, 21, of Chicago, threatened to kill 16 white male students or staff at the school.
A 36-year-old mother. A 29-year-old Iraq vet. A 44-year-old police officer.
A verdict is likely to set the tone for the city.
Kenneth Brown was reportedly propped up in his favorite armchair.
The 69-year-old returned from Florida to find his Long Island home  gone.
Garrett Swasey was a \very selfless man who truly cared,\ church friends say.
CLEVELAND, Ohio \u2014 Attorneys for the family of Tamir Rice released reports Saturday from two use-of-force experts who determined
The man was responsive during part of the rescue.
Chicago Police Superintendent said  that two other men are also suspected in Tyshawn Lee's murder.
Is it artwork or \someone trying to be sick\?
The Saint Nick tied the pilots up at a small farm outside Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Is this the next stage of anti-abortion violence in America?
Beverly Giannonatti, 79, and her son Greg, 57, haven't been seen since late October.
Garrett Swasey was a leader in his church and was married with two children.
\If you talked to him, nothing was very cognitive,\ a former neighbor said.
\We're here to gather together to remember that we're not alone; to remember together we can change the world.\
\I've never experienced anything like that before.\
The stash was sewn inside eight dresses.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) -- The New Orleans police have identified a suspect in a shooting last weekend at a playground that wounded
Ronald Pritchett also allegedly stabbed his mother.
Precious gems gone in 30 seconds.
He is in custody with a $2 million bond.
\Help the police catch the people who hurt me.\
One officer and two civilians were killed, and nine others were injured, during a lengthy standoff.
George Christie is on a mission for relevancy. And he's taken that mission across the airwaves, via the History channel's 6 part series -- Outlaw Chronicles
David Charles stole jars of brains and other tissue from the Indiana Medical History Museum.
Samantha Lockhart was found guilty of vandalism.
The baby's umbilical cord was still attached.
City officials have framed the cop who killed McDonald as one bad apple, but the department has been rotten for almost a century.
The man clutched a knife in his mouth just feet from their beds.
The case of Abigail Hanna--the pretty, blonde 21-year-old who allegedly kidnapped a toddler she once cared for--has the media fascinated. How can someone like her become, as the Daily Beast calls her, \the babysitter from hell\?
HONOLULU (AP) \u2014 A hybrid aircraft that crashed in Hawaii this year, killing two Marines, flew in sandy or dusty conditions
\I am disheartened and I am outraged at an unbelievable level,\ said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu.
Two prisoners face additional charges after the phony weapon was discovered inside a cell.
Move follows Florida Supreme Court ruling that some juveniles sentenced to life in prison can be eligible for a new sentence.
Andres Zamora was allegedly receiving tens of thousands of dollars in Social Security disability payments while selling the illicit goods.
Several passengers were \unruly,\ an FBI spokesperson said.
Flames and smoke poured out of the 50th floor in the John Hancock Center.
Daisy was filmed digging around in the suspect's bag, just seconds after he'd stashed the cash.
\As I got closer, I saw these eyes peering out at me and they looked pretty desolate.\
TULSA, Okla. (Reuters) - A woman accused of killing four people and injuring dozens more at Oklahoma State University\u2019s Oct
Alfredo Huerta Zavala allegedly invoked the \name of God\ and told the girls he'd been \chosen by Christ.\
Dr. John Wolf is accused of trading services for methamphetamine and possessing child pornography.
It was still unclear who gave birth to the child or if the victim was the mother.
Marcus Ray Johnson, sentenced to death for a 1994 rape and murder, maintained he is innocent.
Prosecutors are seeking a 12 \u00bd-year sentence, while Fogle's attorneys have asked for five years.
Despite the threat of hefty punishment, laser pointers remain cheap and offenders are rarely caught.
A woman in Williamsville, New York, whose husband had vowed to kill her was sent home by her manager because \she was a threat
\He said, 'I'm praying for you guys, I hope you find her.'\
The teen's mom is worried the footage is so horrific it will start riots.
By Susan Guyett INDIANAPOLIS, Nov 19 (Reuters) - Former Subway sandwich chain pitchman Jared Fogle on Thursday was sentenced
Allen Engelman received 15 stitches after a spinner shark likely mistook his hand for a fish.
The 65-year-old woman had just finished loading groceries into her car when a man pulled her to the ground and ran her over multiple times, police say.
North Carolina sheriff's deputies reportedly broke down John Livingston's door.
\I counted over 30 baton strikes. I'm not sure what facts would justify that sort of brutal beating.\
As rioting erupted on Baltimore's streets in April, the city police Command Center \u2014 where top decision-makers had gathered
CLEVELAND (CN) - On the heels of a new report justifying the police shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice last year, Rice's
The former Penn State coach's payments stopped after his child sex abuse sentencing.
Activists demanded the appointment of an independent prosecutor to investigate the death of the 12-year-old.
The woman says her abductor duct-taped her to his body at night to prevent her from fleeing.
The man who filmed the fleeing burglars says it's good to know your neighbors and be willing to ask for help.
Jones was on the phone with roadside assistance when he was shot.
The 10-year-old was taken in \guarded condition\ to a local hospital.
The plot reportedly involved  \shooting or bombing the occupants of black churches and Jewish synagogues\ and \conducting acts of violence against persons of Jewish faith.\
A former Georgia sheriff\u2019s deputy, convicted for using a stun gun on a restrained detainee who later died alone in his cell
The man's blood-alcohol content was allegedly several times the legal limit.
\This kind of thing doesn't happen over here.\
Police killed dog when it charged at them.
She says she was speaking to a relative in Swahili when a stranger smashed a beer mug in her face.
But the reason she wanted that was actually very sweet.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) \u2014 Two Louisiana law enforcement officers remained jailed Saturday while their colleagues tried to sort out
Sgt. Michael Walker's girlfriend allegedly stabbed his wife to death in their bedroom.
The boy was allegedly treated at two different hospitals.
\They were seen alive and fine at midnight and then found at 2 a.m.\
Three days after a 6-year-old was shot and killed by officers in a barrage of gunfire that also critically wounded the child's
Two Louisiana police officers were arrested after a car chase on Tuesday ended with the driver critically wounded and his
Luckily, both victims are in stable condition.
FOX LAKE, Ill. (AP) \u2014 An Illinois police officer who staged his suicide to make it look like he was murdered had a troubled
A two-page \manifesto\ in Faisal Mohammad's pocket listed a specific target he planned to attack for removing him from a study group, police said.
The jurors were shown graphic video footage of the fatal encounter.
\If I want to fly the Confederate flag, it's my right,\ alleged victim says.
A 4-year-old girl was also found unharmed inside the house.
MERCED, Calif. (AP) -- A male student stabbed and injured five people as classes got underway at a rural university campus
The shooter reportedly had a high-powered rifle.
Police are scouring a creek outside Myrtle Beach, SC, for a missing infant who disappeared under suspicious circumstances
The officer\u2019s death prompted a massive and costly manhunt.
\I didn't want to have to shoot him, but he made me.\
Demouria Hogg \posed no reasonable or credible threat of violence,\ the wrongful death suit says.
Jack Yantis, the bull's owner, arrived with a rifle just as deputies decided to put down the animal.
\He told her it was to shoot the bad guys,\ sheriff says.
The customer who shot him was a licensed concealed carry holder.
WEST SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) \u2014 As darkness falls, the most tattered section of this town's main drag feels more desperate
\Trip's ended.\
\It just didn't look real ... like this is a Halloween joke.\
The number is unquestionably an undercount because it represents only those officers whose licenses to work in law enforcement were revoked, and not all states take such action.
The panel advocated more investigation of a second case -- a white officer's shooting of Anthony Hill, an unarmed black man.
LOS ANGELES, Oct 30 (Reuters) - A Los Angeles-area doctor was found guilty on Friday of three counts of murder for over-prescribing
Four officers fired back, killing the suspect.
\We are not satisfied with the police investigation at this point, but we hold in our hearts that the truth about his death will come to light.\
\Sometimes I just feel like I gotta admit/ That I don't know this s**t.\
Earlier this month, a jury ordered Badger Guns, one of the country\u2019s most notorious \u201cbad apple\u201d firearms retailers, to pay
She had refused to leave class because she \thought it was an unfair punishment.\
\I'd do it again. If I know there's a child choking, I'm going to do my best to help her.\
Suspect allegedly cursed up a storm as he was being arrested.
At least seven people are being evaluated for injuries.
The prosecutor has been a target of criticism by activists and attorneys for Tamir's family for what they perceive as delays in presenting evidence to the grand jury.
Fields and other officers are in schools \to serve as role models,\ a deputy said.
A former St. Louis prosecutor covered up a violent assault on a handcuffed arrestee, who was beaten by a police detective
Take a look at the \old-school Mafia guy who's going to go down fighting.\
Her lawyer says she was not drinking and may suffer from a mental illness.
Some people may quickly say that inmates are in prison for punishment and therefore they should not get healthcare paid for by taxpayers. That thinking is not consistent with our American values.
The driver was allegedly drunk.
Timothy Fagin ran a red light while chasing a driver who wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Tony Lee, who lost one foot, was holding the eyeball when he finally escaped to the surface.
Gregory Graf is accused of killing his stepdaughter and having sex with her corpse.
Lilly Garcia was riding in the backseat with her 7-year-old brother when someone in a Toyota opened fire on the family as they traveled down the main east-west freeway in Albuquerque.
The 33-year-old police officer died after being shot in the head.
\The best thing for you to do is to turn yourself in,\ top cop tells shooter.
Last year, the prison failed to report 98 percent of sexual abuse complaints.
\People were actually laying out here, in front, stabbed, laying in cars with all their wounds.\
\He had been threatening him to do bodily harm,\ an official said.
The gunfire broke out just before midnight.
\It started so normal, the day that is.\
The children were reportedly playing \cops and robbers\ when one of the brothers found the gun.
Authorities say the attacker's girlfriend asked him to euthanize the Labrador retrievers.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 A gunrunner who smuggled more than 100 weapons from Atlanta and Pittsburgh into New York City on cheap interstate
Shawn Whirl is the first of Chicago police torture victims to win a new trial.
One attacker was allegedly drunk and lacked legal custody.
\Put the gun down. We don't want to kill you. Just drop the gun.\
On\u00a0the evening of April 29th last year, in the southern Minnesota town of Waseca, a woman was doing the dishes when she looked
\u201cIt\u2019s unacceptable, that\u2019s what it is.\u201d
Authorities say the girl was taken by her mom's ex-boyfriend.
The officers were supposed to be de-escalating the situation.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) \u2014 A white Cleveland police officer was justified in fatally shooting a black 12-year-old boy holding
\I thought I could see a cop drop, then I saw muzzle fire.\
Four teenage boys are suspected of the attempted attack.
HOUSTON (AP) \u2014 One person was killed and another wounded during a shooting at a Texas Southern University\u00a0student housing
This is the second shooting at TSU this week.
This is the second shooting at TSU this week.
It's safe to say he wasn't having a great day.
Investigators say Harper-Mercer's mother has told them the son was struggling with some mental health issues.
SANTA FE \u2013 Corrections officers at some of New Mexico\u2019s state-run prisons say long days working mandatory overtime shifts
It's unclear if the woman, who had a concealed carry permit, will be charged.
\I have such a small one that I would not want anyone to laugh at me.\
He wrote something to the effect of
No life-threatening injuries have been reported.
Oct 4 (Reuters) - Four northern California students have been arrested for plotting to carry out a\u00a0shooting at a high school
Cheyenne Fitzgerald's recollection is consistent with other witnesses' accounts.
The suicide occurred during a firefight with law enforcement officers.
Adult film actress allegedly invited to practice for \life-counseling sessions.\
\He was over 20 years old when we talked, but his mindset was like a teenager.\
\The toxic rhetoric directed at Planned Parenthood has dangerous consequences.\
\You will not hear anyone from this law enforcement operation use his name.\
Our hearts go out to the families and survivors.
Reports say the shooter had three handguns and an assault weapon.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey is appealing the decision.
Inmates at the Clinton Correctional Facility in northern New York said the guards who beat them in the days after a brazen
The suspect, a student, is in custody.
The mural was supposed to inspire big dreams in the troubled neighborhood.
She allegedly beat the woman she suspected called 911 about her son.
Andrea DelVesco's body was found in her apartment after the building caught fire.
\He didn't see it coming.\
A Facebook photo appears to show her and another woman harassing the protected species.
Debra and Mark Constantino had appeared on the Travel Channel's series, \Ghost Adventures.\
OKLAHOMA CITY \u2014 Tondalo Hall, a battered woman whose lengthy prison term in a child abuse case has outraged women\u2019s rights
Four people died and 12 others were critically injured when a charter bus and a popular sightseeing tour bus collided head
Police say they have connected him to just four of the 11 total shootings.
\It's a shame that it had to come to this over a Nutella sample.\
\I appreciate that [the sheriff] recognizes that I shouldn't have to take off my clothes to see my clients.\
Victim Joseph Felice was shot six times for no apparent reason.
A three-year-old dog is safe in a Texas foster home after her owner attempted to take out a hit on her. A woman in Troupe
His first wife also died under suspicious circumstances while he was alone with her.
James Minter was arrested after the shooting Sunday at the Oasis Church in East Selma, Alabama.
\I know with all my heart that Rachelle Bond would never, ever do anything to hurt anybody.\
He's been blamed for a salmonella outbreak that killed 9 people and left hundreds more ill.
Prosecutors said he didn't want to pay child support; he said she died in an accident.
\We actually train, the pilots train, to shoot from helicopters.\
PHOENIX (AP) \u2014 A landscaper who is the suspect in a series of Phoenix freeway shootings told a judge Saturday that authorities
Great job, jail.
The shootings have caused anxiety for motorists using the stretch of I-10, the southernmost transcontinental highway in the United States, which runs through the Phoenix metro area.
Alexander Tran allegedly shot 2-month-old Lyrik Poike, her grandmother Heike and another man.
It's unclear how she got so far from shore.
He told the FBI that he had not known the specifics of Roof's planned attack.
If a reporter asks John Gray to do an in-person interview, he insists that the backdrop is the same
\I am so very sorry. I wish I could take it back.\
\There's a lot of shame around it, and you think you're the only one going through it, but you're not.\
The campus is still on lockdown.
The firefighters were trying to raise money for muscular dystrophy.
The victim has been identified as Ethan Schmidt, a history professor.
A 4-year-old was found eating a dirty, dry cup of ramen noodles.
Brian Short was the founder of a social networking site for nurses.
\This woman is lucky to be alive.\
A good Samaritan intervened, only to get mauled himself.
The twin-engine plane ran into bad weather.
Only in Hawaii...
She hid under a blanket before swinging at the officer with an 18-inch blade.
The gunman was shot when heavily armed officers stormed the restaurant.
\I 100 percent thought I was going to lose her.\
A circuit judge said he would need more time to decide whether to grant bond.
Police said the woman \ended a two-year relationship\ with the victim's boyfriend.
LAS VEGAS (AP) \u2014 An engine on a London-bound British Airways jet caught fire Tuesday while the plane was preparing to take
Many Native Hawaiians consider Mauna Kea to be sacred land.
Authorities urged motorists to be on guard and report any suspicious activity.
He saw the man hold a gun to his mother's head.
The child's toddler sister survived.
\The oath is colorblind.\
\She admitted that she conspired with an unnamed individual.\
\I couldn't believe how long it was going on.\
\This is an appalling act of violence towards Planned Parenthood.\
\It all happened so fast.\
Images on the video matched the description of the two white men and one black man suspected in the case
\This policy will do nothing but kill healthy animals for no reason.\
The suspect, who was also injured, was taken to a hospital and arrested.
Police said the teen was an intruder, but witnesses said younger boy went on attack.
\He wanted to die, he wanted to end it all.\
\They put him away for life, they buried him.\
The heads of prisons across the country call for a big reduction in the use of solitary.
Don't point guns at people, or yourself.
\A few seconds later it was followed by sounds like a car crashing.\
Police are still trying to piece together exactly what happened.
The inmate was in protective custody on a misdemeanor drug charge when he died from internal bleeding.
The gunman authorities were searching for on Wednesday doesn't exist.
The trial is underway for an officer caught slamming an Indian man to the ground.
But one critic calls the decision \the height of anti-gun stupidity.\
There's a second video of the incident that authorities have not released.
Prosecutors say workers encouraged toddlers to fight each other and filmed it
They had told him to stop smoking in the BART station.
Does that justify the use of force?
The claim comes from an interview the suspect did with a TV journalist.
It's \not in the interest of justice\ to try them together, a judge ruled.
Though Holmes had \constant homicidal thoughts,\ he had never revealed specific targets or plans before the attack.
Prosecutors and defense attorneys spar over important points of contention.
The judge called the defense's argument \condescending.\
The boy allegedly displayed the weapon to scare off bullies.
The suspects are considered armed and dangerous.
Turns out what he thought was \something fishy\ was actually something illegal.
\We're a country that loves our pets.\
Miles is facing capital murder charges in the slaying of Harris County Sheriff's Deputy Darren Goforth.
He must serve one year under house arrest.
\He runs up... puts the gun to the back of his head and shoots.\
The girl underwent surgery and is in guarded condition.
Remembering one of the two victims of the on-air shooting.
\The delay in executing these two is just nuts because it didn't have anything to do with their guilt.\
The 17-year-old is charged as an adult with raping the girl, now 9.
Harris County deputy Darren Goforth was shot in the back multiple times, police say
A bystander standing near an armed suspect was struck and killed.
The deputy was shot multiple times in an apparent ambush while pumping gas.
It's believed that Ryan Arnold shot his ex-girlfriend before dumping her body from a moving car while police chased him.
Deputy Darren Goforth was pumping gas about 8:30 p.m. Friday when a man approached him from behind and fired multiple shots.
Viewers watching on Periscope egged on the suspects and encouraged them to use the gun.
Courtney Howell sad she spiked her girl's bottle with the drug to help her sleep.
\Supposedly he took her into another area using his official position, being in uniform, and she thought it was a part of his official duty,\ an airport spokesman said.
\u201cHe never did anything serious, never harmed anybody.\u201d
Crime of the Century? Don't Take Obama to trivia night.
Writings and evidence seized from Flanagan's apartment showed the man \closely identified\ with people who have committed mass murders.
\I had no criminal intent,\ the shooter said.
\Two years later, Jonathan Ferrell is still looking for help.\
He admitted deleting 119 Facebook messages, including a boast that he \pulled every trick in the book\ to have sex with her.
A park spokeswoman said drought conditions may be to blame for the dangerously high water temperature
\They were just bright and shining stars who brought so much joy.\
\I saw people jumping out of first floor windows.\
The jury heard closing arguments in the high-profile case on Thursday.
She pushed the boy in the face, causing him to fall and strike his head.
It's the fourth time the board recommended releasing the convicted killer.
He took a swig of whiskey after the shooting, but was stunned to learn that he didn't shoot any Jews.
The prosecution alleges the mom was jealous of the attention her husband gave the boys.
Eric Barnett wasn't handcuffed at the time.
\We're hurt enough that we want to express our anger.\
Suspect's shirt reportedly read \Only God can judge me.\
Two people are dead after the suspect unleashed violence on the town of Sunset.
Vester Lee Flanagan II was fired from at least two stations for conflicts with co-workers.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 A casino bus crashed into a three-story brick building Monday, sheering off a large part of the structure
Two years later, he's been captured.
Several women have come forward.
\I regret my error in judgment,\ the high-ranking Vatican official said.
Police said the suspect admitted  saying she wanted someone killed, but said it was just a joke.
Costello's 26-year-old son, Christian Costello, was arrested for first-degree murder.
The incidents seem to accumulate at a staggering pace
Other drivers stopped to help.
\Tragically these things happen far too often around the country.\
\It's like finding a needle in a haystack.\
\My AR-15 says you lose.\
Authorities revealed new details in the shooting that ended in the deaths of two people.
The 10-year-old girl was reportedly found hiding in a back bedroom.
TOMS RIVER, N.J. (AP) \u2014 The owner of the home where Rosie\u00a0O\u2019Donnell\u2019s missing teen daughter was found earlier this week has
St. Louis police chief says being shot in the back \doesn't mean he was running away.\
A gunman slipped through a side door of a Manhattan federal building late Friday, fatally shot a security guard, then killed
Contractors working at night were injured in the blast.
The jury deadlocked after four days of deliberations.
He faces more than the penalty box.
\At the end of the day, there's nothing that we can do to take this pain away from him,\ the victim's father said.
A worker smelled gas and pulled the fire alarm, saving the lives of dozens of guests.
Police are still looking for a possible motive.
While he starved, she collected his Social Security benefits, cops said.
Man was already subdued when officer fired and called him a \piece of s**t.\
The officers said they believe they were in \imminent danger.\
David Sweat is already a convicted cop killer.
\It's like the Clampetts have come to town.\
The disgraced Subway pitchman will pay his 14 victims $1.4 million in restitution.
He was sentenced to 5 years in prison for violating women's civil rights
The local medical examiner ruled the death of Gregory Towns a homicide.
The teen told jurors she was \frozen\ when her alleged attacker became aggressive.
Prosecutors say the porn was produced by the ex-director of his charity
Protests later broke out at the scene of the shooting.
The WWII vet said he got out of his car to ask two men for help. They got into his car and drove away.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) \u2014 A man who can't use his arms because of a spinal condition has had a New Jersey gun possession charge
If convicted, both could face up to life in prison.
\He was not a threat when they shot him.\
The arrest of two others in recent years led cops to Cruz.
STILLWATER, N.Y. (AP) -- Police say an upstate New York man had his 10-year-old drive his pickup truck while he was sitting
Investigators say the shooting started with a dispute over a pickup truck.
\There was no planned response for when the suspect vehicle stopped.\
Though Cross allegedly shot at Jewish sites, the three people he's accused of killing were not Jewish.
Three workers from the city's Recreation and Parks Department helped put out the flames.
The attacker is thought to have acted out of revenge
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) \u2014 St. Paul's School boasts a glittering roster of alumni that includes senators, congressmen, a Nobel
SAN DIEGO (AP) \u2014 Five people were killed as two airplanes collided while nearing an airport in Southern California, authorities
Korey Kauffman had been missing since 2012.
Those arrested either played a part in the killing of the 26-year-old Korey Kauffman or helped cover it up, officials said.
The judge had told the man he could go to jail for 15 days or marry his girlfriend within the month.
\u201cWe understand the post is controversial,\ the St. Louis Police Department said.
HOUSTON (AP) \u2014 Relatives of a Houston couple and their six children who were fatally shot in their home can't understand
The suspect's lawyer says dancing on a stripper pole is not simulated sexual intercourse.
He shipped some of it to the islands hidden with a Golden Nugget sweater.
Police recovered handguns from two of the victims.
He jumped the fence to retrieve his dropped phone and wallet.
\We'll be on the alert, that's for sure, until we know what really happened.\
At least six police dogs have died in hot cars in the U.S. this summer.
The victim had little food, water, and only a bucket.
\We need EMS... we have a report of a firearm... firefighter shot.\
Jayceon Chrystie was just 4 months old.
He's free, but could still be retried.
Lawyer defends fired cop who killed teen football player
One fundraising event brought in $14,000, authorities said.
A gun was pointed at her as she went into labor.
Up to 23 traffic accidents could be related to the fraud.
Some forms of police conduct are split-second decisions gone wrong -- officers who are too quick on the trigger (or the Taser
Several were hospitalized with stab wounds.
A FiveThirtyEight reporter tells HuffPost Live about the way \risk assessments\ could change criminal justice.
Night had fallen at the Clinton Correctional Facility when the prison guards came for Patrick Alexander. They handcuffed
\His behavior and his intimidation is completely inappropriate. I've never been disrespectful to him.\
\Everybody's seen the movies and I thought, 'Oh no, I'm gonna have inmates scatter and we're gonna have 50 fugitives.\
Someone wielding a \chainsaw\ -- actually, a leaf blower -- decided to ruin everyone's evening.
Memo calls officials fighting for police accountability \inept and spineless.\
\Nobody should have to go through this.\
Officers recovered five shell casings near a basketball court across the street.
He's holding a gun, but the video doesn't show him shooting it.
MEDINA, Ohio (AP) -- A man charged with corpse abuse after a cable technician found his young daughter's decomposed body
Authorities told KTVI, the local Fox affiliate, that one man was shot by police and taken to an area hospital.\u00a0 During
Before she died, police said a woman texted her mom that she was being held at gunpoint.
She's also suspected of killing two cousins and an aunt.
But the dealership said there's no footage from the showroom where the shooting occurred.
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Jerry Hartfield's capital murder conviction in 1980.
The 13-year-olds could face decades in adult prison.
The alleged suspect had previously been in a relationship with the mother.
Video purportedly shows the tense encounter.
If he's proven guilty, Fantastic Negrito vows to retire.
Police are trying to unravel what connects the shootings in two houses on the same street.
\Both doors were wide open, and I walked into the living room, and that's where I saw my mom dead.\
\I don't feel protected by the police.\
A Maui man, caught by cops who tracked the victim's stolen iPhone, was held for trial.
Some juvenile detention centers may double as holding places for abused children, but they remain juvenile detention centers nonetheless. I am all too familiar with this phenomenon because, like the Tsimhoni children, my sister and I were incarcerated in a juvenile detention center for refusing to see our father at the age of 14.
He fell from an 8-foot wall.
Let's say you die in some spectacular way ... and then nobody finds your body for a couple of weeks. Who the hell cleans
\I could hear someone trying to be quiet and crying.\
The suspect already had an arrest warrant on a charge of attempted second-degree murder.
He was serving 15 years for armed robbery.
The court will announce the jury's decision at 5 p.m. MDT today.
MEDINA, Ohio (AP) \u2014 An Ohio man was indicted by a grand jury in connection with keeping the body of his dead 1-year-old daughter
\This was not a racially charged incident,\ the police chief said.
Lawsuits against the Newtown school board and the maker of the assault-style rifle Lanza used are unresolved.
\u201cHe\u2019s shouting at people that he\u2019s Tarzan.\
Joel Doseau allegedly met the girl online and lied about his age.
The man filming said he was trying to protect himself.
His mom says he was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
In the video, you can hear the 12 shots the officer fired at the unarmed man looking for help after an accident.
Pittsburgh police say a man upset that his ex-girlfriend wouldn't name their newborn son after him fatally stabbed her 15
Shots were reported outside Camp Shelby, a military post in Mississippi, for the second straight day, federal and state military
Report comes in the wake of Sandra Bland's death behind bars.
\I think they might be inside.\
\Our person of interest has some ties to a faith or religion that is indicative of that,\ the sheriff said.
Police say the man amputated part of his own arm and gouged out his eye after the attack.
The local police chief had earlier said that Hammond was \not shot from behind.\
SILVER SPRING, Md. (AP) \u2014 Authorities say a man left his 6-month-old baby in a truck parked at a Metro station in Maryland
A person as drunk as Matt is likely to suffer loss of balance and muscle control, vomiting and dangerously impaired judgment.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Pittsburgh police say a man upset that his ex-girlfriend wouldn't name their newborn son after him fatally
A 25-year-old Florida woman was charged with murder after allegedly killing her father and 6-year-old daughter and then using
The crash happened just weeks after she was named Miss Crawford County.
With a name like that, how could it not spread anxiety
\We go up and we sit in Alex's row ... and we sit next to him.\
NEW YORK (AP) -- Authorities say a tourist has been arrested on charges she carried two loaded handguns at the Sept. 11 memorial
\u201cIf the people haven\u2019t cried enough yet, prepare to cry a great deal more.\u201d
The ex-con was on probation for an armed bank robbery
At least 15 people were shot, including two young children, in\u00a0shootings across Chicago since Sunday afternoon, police said
He told the cops he'd taken meth.
His brother was sentenced to 70 years.
\I don't know what happened.\
Police say the shooting of a 12-year-old girl was accidental, but they are investigating.
Two officers are charged with murder.
\I have a right as an American citizen to defend my property.\
\He's a coward.\
\I killed my son.\
Police say a manhunt is underway.
\First time something like this has happened.\
\I looked down and saw my teeth in my hand.\
They're demanding the release of gang leaders, among other things.
A woman interrupted the prosecutor, screaming, ''Mental illness is real,\ and, \Don't kill him, it's not his fault.\
Could his death have been prevented?
\I don\u2019t see too many swords,\ an officer said.
He's being held on a $25,000 bail.
He was \incoherent\ and threatening before police caught him, a motorist said.
The two officers restrained a mentally ill patient while another cop shot him with a stun gun.
He put too much gunpowder in the weapon.
Zachary Hammond's family and attorneys say the police department's version of events doesn't add up.
The prosecutor says Ray Tensing's body cam video shows he was lying.
The cop's lawyer says his client feared for his life.
The victim's grandmother found photos and messages on the teen's phone.
Police say the 15-year-old lived in the same apartment complex as the victim.
He also considered detonating bombs at Fourth of July celebrations.
Only their daughter survived.
\I don't feel that I should be taken in right now.\
SALEM, Ore. (AP) \u2014 Authorities in Oregon are investigating suspicious packages sent to government buildings around the
Fifteen-year-old boy is being questioned by authorities.
The violence was discovered Saturday when a neighbor went to check on Heisch and noticed her husband's arm was cut off.
The suspect was shot in the face.
A man was stabbed to death and his wife was seriously wounded on Sunday night during an attack at a Korean prayer center
The girl was last seen riding her scooter outside of a community center.
A Florida landscaper accused of cackling as he \u00a0deliberately ran over a family of ducklings with a lawn mower probably isn't
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) \u2014 A man who allegedly traveled around Arizona pretending to be a hair dresser so he could take sexually
NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Namath has also joined the search.
LAS VEGAS (AP) \u2014 A fire at a hotel's swimming pool sent large plumes of black smoke high above the Las Vegas Strip but left
In the years leading up to the theater shooting on Thursday in Louisiana, suspected shooter John \Rusty\ Houser was becoming
Cops are interviewing victims and witnesses and hoping to discover why the killings happened.
It gets worse.
The judge in the Colorado movie massacre trial sent the jury home until Monday after a member of the panel complained early
Every time there's a mass shooting like the one in the Louisiana movie theater, we see opinion pieces engaged in soul-searching -- but repeated efforts at gun control have failed miserably for decades and they'll keep failing no matter how much anguish we suffer.
\Out of tonight\u2019s tragedy, you are beginning to hear stories of heroism and self-sacrifice.\
Volunteer civilian \guards\ have been kicked off the grounds outside a military recruiting center in Lancaster, Ohio, after
The victims of a Thursday night shooting at a movie theater in Lafayette, Louisiana, were identified by police at a Friday
A friend says John Russel Houser's behavior became stranger over the years.
Authorities on Friday morning identified the gunman in the Lafayette, Louisiana, theater shooting as a 59-year-old \drifter
\Criminals do silly things.\
BROKEN ARROW, Okla. (AP) \u2014 Police in eastern Oklahoma say five people have been found dead and two teenagers were taken into
Five people were shot and two killed in spate of attacks.
The jury will now decide if James Holmes deserves to die.
A predator has been roving around Puyallup, Washington state where he's tried to lure young children into his vehicle, police
Sandra Bland, the black woman found hanging dead in a Texas jail days after a traffic stop, smoked or possibly swallowed
Authorities have released images of a person of interest in the case.
David Bruck previously defended Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
CLEVELAND (AP) -- A man who posted a cellphone video of a grisly car crash that killed one teenage boy and critically injured
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) -- Gun-toting citizens are showing up at military recruiting centers around the country, saying they
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A San Francisco Bay Area police sergeant was shot and killed during an early morning traffic stop Wednesday
Suspect told investigators he was tired of cleaning up after \park rangers.\
Four others were seriously injured in the crash
The near-fatal attack follows other violence against the homeless.
\Our truck couldn't carry it all. We had to go back and make another trip.\
Police found roughly a pound of suspected marijuana in his car, though it's unclear what he was wanted for.
MODESTO, Calif. (AP) -- Police said Monday that a suspect in the homicides of five people whose bodies were found in a Northern
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) -- The N.C. Department of Public Safety says its Division of Adult Correction has reached a $2.5 million
BALTIMORE (AP) \u2014 A Baltimore judge won't prohibit defense attorneys from releasing\u00a0evidence in the high-profile Freddie
And if so, is the U.S. government guilty of the same thing?
Police said the mistress was upset about a trip the NFL veteran planned to take with his wife.
WAILUKU, Hawaii (AP) \u2014 Police say a pedestrian has life-threatening injuries after being hit by a car driven by an 11-year
The SUV is said to have t-boned the limo, the second deadly crash on Long Island in recent days.
\For many years, our son suffered from depression. It grieves us beyond belief to know that his pain found its expression in this heinous act of violence.\
A U.S. Navy sailor has succumbed to injuries sustained in this week's deadly Tennessee rampage, bringing the victim death
BYRON, Maine (AP) -- Four people from Massachusetts have been found dead in a Maine cabin due to apparent carbon monoxide
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The deadly shootings at military sites in Tennessee illustrate the threat that FBI officials have warned
Several people were rescued from the crash which happened a month after a similar accident that killed nine.
Hours before the Tennessee shooting that killed five U.S. servicemen, the suspected gunman texted his close friend a link to a long Islamic verse that included the line
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., July 17 (Reuters) - U.S. authorities are investigating travel to the Middle East by the suspect in the
Fire on the highway
Lance Cpl. Squire \Skip\ Wells in a photo from his Facebook page. \u00a0 Wells was a graduate of Sprayberry High School\u00a0in the
Yes, he threw rocks, but was he a \lethal threat\?
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) \u2014 Hailey Bureau still recalls the quote her high school classmate Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez selected
A man suspected of robbing two girls running a lemonade stand\u00a0in southern California has been arrested, The Associated Press
Attack doesn't appear to have been inspired by ISIS
Cops are investigating as a possible homicide.
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) \u2014 An Alabama police chief says he hopes releasing more than two hours of video and audio footage dispels
BONNE TERRE, Mo. (AP) \u2014 A Missouri inmate who sexually attacked a 19-year-old woman before tying her to a cemetery tree and
Will jurors believe that he was guilty by insanity?
National outcry over police shootings brings old footage to light
SEATTLE (AP) \u2014 A driver picked up a teenage girl who survived a small plane crash in a mountainous area in Washington state
Hotel dishwasher \was immediately relieved of his duties\
July 12 (Reuters) - A man who opened fire on police with a\u00a0 shotgun was killed as\u00a0 two officers returned fire at a suburban
He began having breathing problems after officers pepper sprayed him during a struggle, officials say.

Numerous cities have seen a spike in homicides this year.
They're going to summer camp instead
'You Have No Manners'
The home of Subway spokesman Jared Fogle was raided in connection with a federal child porn investigation. \u00a0 NBC's WTHR
A jury will soon decide whether James Holmes is guilty or not guilty by reason of insanity. Last week, one of his victims, Ashley Moser, took the stand in her wheelchair.






Is violence a function of our culture? During a recent 2015 Aspen Ideas Festival session, New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu (D) and Senior Editor and National Correspondent for The Atlantic Ta-Nehisi Coates explored this complex and provocative question.






It's increasingly clear that prosecutors have essentially unbounded discretion in deciding whom to charge in a case like this, and extraordinarily broad legal weapons to use against their chosen targets -- a troubling combination for anyone concerned with the rule of law.
The last time that I saw Frank Hickey, we were both around seven years of age, drawing with crayons on the wall of his bedroom. It was allowed. Had I done that in my brownstone, two houses away, I would have been killed.
Very high youth unemployment in Tunisia, due in part to substantial corruption, as well as increasing activities by radical Islamic groups all contributed, I believe, to influence the mad gunman, 24-year-old Seifeddine Rezgui, to kill 38 people, mainly tourists.
A shocking report by Amnesty International found not a single state in the U.S. has laws that meet international human rights standards for \use of force\ by police officers.





Does someone who is mentally healthy commit unprovoked, premeditated murder? This type of overwhelming, all-consuming hatred cannot exist within an emotionally healthy human being.













\Free worlders\ is prison slang for those who are not incarcerated behind prison walls. Supposedly, those fortunate souls live in the \free world.\ However, appearances can be deceiving.
In my work as an advocate and writer, I've encountered countless men and women who are incarcerated for crimes they did not commit. There is a particular tragedy to these cases.

The announcements that several defendants in the FIFA case have pled guilty and are cooperating with the government signaled that this case will showcase one of the most controversial aspects of the American justice system.

















Political leaders like President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Rand Paul have been speaking in a unified voice on the need for prison reform. But prison and sentencing reform will require more than talk.

The news of your death is heartbreaking. It has stirred my soul and inspired me to action. It is soul stirring because I refuse to let your death be in vain. I cannot, shall not and will not allow your story to go quietly away.









The potential that Nike may not face charges connected with the recent FIFA scandal would be all too consistent with the trend of corporations getting away with criminal activity, with hugely detrimental effects for the protection of human rights.

Whether data compromises give rise to breaking news stories or pounding headaches, anything less than a zero-tolerance attitude toward identity-related crimes won't get us to the place we need to be.



While it's no surprise some women can behave as badly as men, when a woman is found guilty of a dreadful crime, it's easier for society to accept it by saying, \Well, she must be crazy,\ -- even if the woman is found to be perfectly sane.
No attorney who is just a year out of law school should be representing someone when their life is at stake. Everyone should be entitled to effective counsel. My innocence could have been proven from day one if I'd had effective counsel at trial.
Some may find it strange that the CEO of a publicly traded company would speak with a man who served 26 years in federal prison. But Lew Cirne, founder and Chief Executive Officer of New Relic, took time out of a busy Friday to meet with me in his office.
Targeting corruption in prison education programs without targeting it elsewhere only serves to limit options for an already-disadvantaged population without solving any wider problems.







Once upon a time police, they said, were a child's best friend; the friendly cop on the corner with the big belly and the funny hat patted lost kids on the head and returned them to their mammas. Of course that was true -- a gazillion picture books said so.
In efforts to limit the radicalization of American youth by ISIS, it is wise to employ strategies that have been most effective in combating the recruitment of young people by domestic criminal street gangs.






It's important that we continue discussing domestic violence, but it's also important that we take action to ensure victims get the justice they deserve and abusers get the help they need.
Growing political unity on the Left and Right on the need for criminal justice reform is an important development. But if bipartisanship fails to incorporate the experiences and voices of those previously ignored, it won't lead to the breakthrough we need.
While is it common knowledge that dogs, in particular male dogs, urine scent mark their territories, human males often mark their territories in other forms more noxious and poisonous than urine.


Identity theft was the number one consumer complaint at the Federal Trade Commission last year. So far in 2015, the data breach problem that drives so many identity-related crimes has gotten worse. The massive compromises at Anthem and Premera alone put a combined 91 million records in harm's way.



We slaughter the innocent and guilty alike in the United States. As parents, we teach our children that killing is wrong then send them off to war and celebrate when an alleged criminal is put to death.
I surrendered to the U.S. Marshals Service after a week of constructively avoiding the FBI while I negotiated (through my attorney mostly, though at times in joint conference calls) with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.




The extent, nature and consequences of drug use in criminal behavior are well known and well documented in the literature.








If you want a recipe for disaster, this is it
















On some social media pages a parallel world exists, where Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is viewed as innocent, not guilty; A parallel world where Tsarnaev has achieved near rock star fame












At 81 years of age and the Founder of The Fortune Society, I was the old man in the room. The legal status of marijuana was of minor interest to me. Keeping these young people out of jail and prison was my major goal.
If you find yourself in the challenging position of having made such a recording, whatever you do, don't go it alone.  Ideally, find that lawyer or advocate you can trust.  If that is not realistic, find a person who recognizes that you will deliver the video, but who has your best interests at heart.









The cellphone video \reality footage\ just doesn't stop. Black men are shot, killed, handcuffed. The shortcomings of their prematurely terminated lives soon become public knowledge, vaguely justifying the shocking wrongness of the officer's action -- always poisoning the grief.
We are Boston Strong in our resolve to remain united in the face of tragedy. We are Boston Strong in our ability to show mercy amid our grief. We are Boston Strong in our belief that in the midst of tragedy, we may now truly begin the healing process.





















In this way those of us who bump up against the challenge of all-out forgiveness could learn to let go while leaving those proponents of pain mentally behind. And maybe then we can forget, and, therefore, forgive; not exactly a proof-back guarantee that a future generation will escape the memories of trauma, but close.



I was a police canine handler for 8 years. My dog Bach was as gentle as a puppy unless he was provoked or he detected a threat against me. I had absolutely no problem bringing him into preschools and letting the children pet him and play with him. He was a part of our family, and with 4 sons, the house was always full of kids.




\I think the death penalty itself should be killed. The whole system is fatally flawed.\
Nothing drives me crazier than people with phony service dogs. I can't count the times I have been at a well-attended event to find a cute Pekinese decked out in a tiny service dog vest. This \service dog\ spends most of the evening barking and nipping at heels when he is placed on the floor.


The promise of a second impression is to simplify the job search for people with records and to leverage consumer power to either support progressive employers or put pressure on employers who fail to adopt more progressive hiring policies.







Stats should never be an \outcome\. The only measure of police success should be the absence of crime in a community and the ability to work with the community to achieve that goal. Period.




The creation of the National Crime and Justice Task Force will be a step in the right direction to ensure that the United States government does more to protect human  rights nationwide and ensures that policing policies are in line with international human rights standards.
Although Green v. Chitwood seems at first glance trivial, it is both the backstory and the vague terms used in statute that make Green's arrest so outrageous and egregious.

By relying solely on non-experts as sources of information, the media wittingly or unwittingly reinforces misconceptions about domestic homicides. Domestic homicides sometimes provide experts with the opportunity to call attention to the underlying realities -- but only when the media thinks to call us.












Twelve-year-old girls are not adults.  They are children.  But, somehow, with a stroke of a pen, two pre-pubescent tweens -- who can't vote, drive, or serve in the military -- have been transformed into adults for purposes of criminal punishment. But those adults don't exist.  Anywhere. Except on paper in a courtroom.














What this boils down to is second chances.  New starts.  Fair shots.  Sounds very American to me.  As a criminal defense attorney who has represented many individuals charged with criminal acts, I have seen first-hand those clients who have a lot to offer society, but are shut out because of an isolated mistake.


I'm here among women, some of whom, I've been told, are supposed to be \hardened criminals.\ Fellow activists incarcerated in men's prisons likewise concur that the system is futile, merciless and wrongheaded. Our jailers, I'm convinced, can see this.
Jury duty is completely inconvenient. Trials can get tedious. There is a lot of waiting around in empty hallways. Yet, the next time I receive a jury notice in the mail, I won't try to get out of it.


















The problem is that the politicians aren't advocating evidence-based approaches, and the advocates aren't focusing on the fact that more than 95 percent of offenders on a registry are not going to reoffend with a sex offense.







Marijuana has been an illegal drug for less than 1/10th of one percent of the total time it has been used by humans. The pendulum - and common sense - appear to be swinging in the other direction after decades of idiocy. But who knows precisely what will happen if a cop pulls you over and busts you for possession.

Nothing's changed at the local level. Look at this past week's story from Pasco, Washington. A troubled man was gunned down for throwing rocks at police. Rocks. When will it end?




In late January of last year, the U.S. Department of Justice announced that it would be seeking the Death Penalty in the case against Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Many were outraged.




















The criminal law punishes and deters.  It is also supposed to implement society's moral values.  One is that justice is blind








Although I don't make routine stops to read every story that pops up on my screen, for some reason that day, I did.

I've heard free speech isn't free, and Brandon Duncan, who raps as Tiny Doo, has learned that the hard way.
Human traffickers target vulnerable members of our society, cruelly exploiting them for forced labor or commercial sex, depriving them of their rights and dignity, and using intimidation and fear to hold them in servitude right here in the land of the free.














Was it suicide or murder? The Ecuadorian government, hoping to answer that question, says it is reopening the case of the death of underwater filmmaker Valerie de la Valdene, whose body was found July 5, 2014 in her home on Santa Cruz island in the Gal\u00e1pagos.




As a criminal defense lawyer, I've handled a few DUI cases in my time. Still, the last thing I want is to share the road with an impaired driver. DUI defense isn't about supporting drunk or drugged driving; it's about making sure the legal system runs correctly.
During these last two years, #JusticeForEthan has evolved from the demand for answers regarding one man's death to the rallying cry focused on the need for change. Despite all that has been lost -- and it is far too much -- there is now a spotlight on where changes need to come.








Basically two things happen in court -- people try to get someone else's money or the government tries to get someone's freedom. People taken to court are either at risk of losing cash or going to prison.


For a justice system clamoring for greater transparency and fair play, it seems SDNY's actions do not always align with their expectations for others. Judge shopping is indeed \unsavory.\ Is it a crime?








































While media coverage has focused on the growing discontent over race/police relations in this country, the decisions also shed an important light on the prejudice inherent in this country's grand jury proceedings. I'm speaking from a procedural perspective.
Good trial lawyers understand the power of word distinction -- particularly in communicating with a jury -- and recognize that the legal system is a living, breathing creature that is held together by language.















While we certainly don't have all the answers, it's time to start talking about and funding constructive ways to reform policing to quell anger by improving legitimacy and community relations.



If you don't realize that a new day has dawned in law enforcement -- a day where a growing number of citizens automatically mistrust cops -- you might want to get back out on the street and walk a beat for a day or two.


None of this is to say that we need to toss all the evidence out and start at square one. Nor am I saying that the evidence supporting Wilson's account is totally false. My point is that everyone must realize that forensic science is not absolute like on television.

















As of January, Brooklyn has a new district attorney, Kenneth Thompson. After Michael Brown and now Eric Garner, how will Thompson handle the wrongful-death case of Akai Gurley? Like his predecessor, will he convene a grand jury? Or will he charge the police officer? Pass the case to federal prosecutors?
How many have caught the irony in the word Florissant (\flourishing\ or \flowering\) in the strip of shops on West Florissant Avenue in Ferguson, Missouri, that were trashed and looted on the night of November 24 after a grand jury declined to indict white police officer Darren Wilson?




We can talk all we want about provocation and perception. About chokeholds and grand juries. About the militarization of the police. But I want to talk about hopelessness. The criminal justice system is broken, and broken in a way that has harmed communities of color much more than other communities.




While it doesn't even come close to mom's egg and sausage Christmas brunch, I try to pick up a few seasonal items in my prison's commissary. Is it depressing?  Yes.  Does it hurt? Yes. But it is all that I have.

When police are permitted casually to release incriminating information to the press, we may enjoy the gossip, but we cannot responsibly claim we treat defendants fairly.





It's getting harder by the day to tell young people that we live in a nation that values freedom and which is governed by the rule of law without feeling like a teller of tall tales.





As the police profession and our greater society deal with ways to rebuild (and in many cases build) relationships between the police and its citizenry, I fear that if outsider reformers call for police to ignore disorderly offenses the chasm between the police and the community will only widen.
If you don't have experience in the arena of contingent-fee law firms, then you may wonder exactly how they make money if they happen to lose a case. The answer is that they don't. There is no catch with contingent-fee law firms. If they lose the case, they don't get paid.













So rather than take the hit back in August, he used the grand jury for political cover. He could just say


Estimates vary, but somewhere between 10 and 16 million Americans are defrauded each year in this way. Thanksgiving can be an awkward time of year for some victims, since family members account for more than 30 percent of the identity thieves.
The majority population, most of whom pollsters tell us did not believe Officer Wilson committed any crimes, may believe the country can afford to accept things as they are. People of color -- Black men and their families and those who depend on them cannot afford that luxury. They need us to get this right.






















Twenty years after his son was fatally shot by a police officer, Nicholas Heyward Sr stares out the kitchen window of his Brooklyn apartment, one hand distractedly placed on a stack of newspaper clippings related to the death of then-13-year-old Nicholas N. Heyward Jr, an honors student who loved to play basketball.
The FBI cannot prosecute a case without a victim. If you have been a victim of the anonymous #GamerGate mob, let them know. The National Center for Victims of Crime can help too.








The International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) approved a resolution calling for greater use of mandated treatment, commonly known as assisted outpatient treatment (AOT), at their annual meeting in Orlando. Research shows that AOT reduces arrest, suicide, involuntary hospitalization and violence by the most seriously mentally ill.









Millions of men and women in the country are paid slave labor wages and then charged for food and substandard medical care. They eat, sleep and bathe in dirty, overcrowded conditions--nowhere worse than in the South.











This unnamed illness that kills without discrimination has become too ingrained on a national level and the lack of responsibility is becoming the crutch of global society.









Latandra Ellington, a 36-year old mother of four children, died in a Florida prison last week.  Ellington had just seven months left to serve of her twenty-two month sentence for grand theft when she was found dead in her cell.

Gonzalez became a paid informant for the agency's office in Miami. Gonzalez's work was so impressive that he spoke at seminars and conferences, delighting in shaking hands with the head of the Secret Service. But this sly devil of deception had tricks up his sleeve all along.























Allegations of horrific and widespread abuse of Florida prisoners -- a story broken recently in a series of articles by the Miami Herald -- serve to remind us that we cannot, and should not, forget about prisoners. Take, for example, Darren Rainey and Randall Jordan-Aparo, who purportedly died in unthinkably cruel ways at the hands of their guards.









Breaking Bad may have gotten a lot of the story right, from the family nature of the drug to the penetration of the industry by Mexican cartels. Our research reveals new information about the personal nature of meth markets, the unintended consequences of legislation put in place to curb its manufacture and use, and the drug's terrible impact on children.
Despite marijuana's legalization in Colorado and Washington, forthcoming ballot measures in Alaska, Oregon, and Washington, D.C., and rising support in the polls, marijuana's prohibition still remains a powerful force in much of the country.


According to documents released by the court on September 24, Liu Tienan was accused of accepting about $5.8 million in bribes from five companies between 2002 and 2012. Liu Tienan also received a Porsche and a Beijing villa.




A recent report on the national news only confirmed what many of us have known
The recent exonerations of Leon Brown and Henry Lee McCollum in North Carolina again underscore the need to require police to record interrogations of suspects.


Those most deadly to us are those we cannot easily identity as masterminds. Normal people can become evil, and evil people can look normal.









If the \bad actors\ are acting badly because of severe, or too many, hits to the head, shouldn't everyone, especially the NFL, want to know it?
Seventeen states have introduced measures addressing backlogs. What about the others? Has your state or city take any action? Does your police department even know how many untested kits exist?



Whenever religion becomes involved, sophomoric stunts by 14-year-old boys become no laughing matter to the offended.



The people of Davis, California don't think so, as The New York Times reports this week.  Their police department is returning the Pentagon's gift of a \mine-resistant, ambush-protected\ motorized tank (MRAP).






As long as we have the death penalty, we run the risk that the State will take the life of the wrong person. Little offends democracy more than the State killing -- or even almost killing -- an innocent person.































It is not surprising that a local prosecutor would believe that a local police officer was \entitled\ to \the benefit of the doubt.\




Giving up on talking about race or facts because of the Stanford study would be a sad high-jacking of criminal justice discourse in our country.




Ferguson has resonated across the country, not because of the merits of this one particular interaction -- where the facts are still uncertain -- but because of other similar, but less deadly policing tactics in certain urban communities.









American prisons foster a culture of violence, hatred, bigotry and dominance. They take the criminally inclined, and not so inclined, and turn them into hardened convicts who, after a period of years, become dangerous men.
When execution ended in my country, a shadow faded. Something grim and primitive was gone. There's still violence and murder in England, of course, but its citizens -- including children -- no longer have to be accomplices in the most premeditated of all killings.







Crime recognizes few boundaries - urban or suburban. That's why it's so important to have police departments cooperate as regional crime fighters, especially to slow the movement of guns and drugs. But fighting crime is more than just good police work.








A botched execution also erodes public confidence because it means that something went wrong with the very process of death, which we have entrusted to our leaders. When a government hides information such as the source of drugs used in lethal injection, it erodes the public trust.




It is easier to dismiss someone as being \evil\ than to face the tangle of social failures that we're all complicit in. It's easier to hate the adult than to ask what made a child grow up wanting oblivion and finding fulfillment in a killing.





We must talk about the wrongful conviction of innocent men and women, to remind ourselves that we need to look closely at a system that is flawed and will sometimes fail. But in that vein, don't we also need to look at the consequences when those who may actually be guilty are acquitted, particularly when they are repeat offenders guilty of violent crimes?
If we're not ashamed of executing our lowlifes -- strange that rich people never seem to get executed, what's that all about? -- then let the Bible be our guide and let's kill lots of people for all kinds of crimes and let's do it brutally.



\In a time of universal deceit,\ George Orwell once said, \telling the truth is a revolutionary act.\ That maxim certainly applies to David Victorson's book, 37 Tons.






Summertime is here -- and that means sunshine and vacations. Most people love summertime, including scammers! Hackers can use this time to take advantage while we are planning vacations or on vacation or just enjoying fun in the sun. Here are some key scams to watch out for this summer.




When my jury summons notice appeared in the mail, all I could do was breathe a sigh of despair. You know how it is

Another year has passed, and it seems that we're no closer to justice for Celina than we were when the crime first occurred.


Advising the accused is not a politically popular job. But it is a necessary one. To criticize defense attorneys, the chief checks against prosecutorial abuse, is to promote a judicial system of error by stigmatizing a key motivator for better prosecution.

The total number of American law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty by gunfire so far this year is 27, versus 16 last year. Some experts blame anti-government, and white supremacist groups, and gang violence for these increases, but I believe it's much more.












When I wrote, \Amanda Knox is innocent,\ I believed it. I continue to believe it. The innocence is clear once you navigate the twisted, false and misinterpreted information published every day. That's the issue. There's a lot of faulty reportage out there.


















Can we force medication after an inmate's release without infringing on the person's right to refuse treatment? Should we make forced medication a condition of parole? If so, how do mental-health departments and corrections departments handle the logistics of ensuring that a parolee or released convict is getting the treatment and/or medication that he or she needs?




The Supreme Court unanimously ruled today that police may not search information on an arrested suspect's cell phone without an additional search warrant. In two cases from both coasts, consolidated into a single opinion the Court held that the privacy interests in protecting the tremendous amount of personal information stored on cell phones outweighs the government's interest to its immediate access by police, even after a suspect is lawfully arrested. The cases decided today forced the Court to analyze a centuries-old constitutional amendment in light of modern technological advances.


the department still grapples with the reality that at least half of seriously mentally ill people receive no treatment at all, a situation of possible danger to the entire community and, far more often, to themselves.











The United States will be riveted on Dzokhar Tsarnaev when he goes on trial on Nov. 3, 2014, for allegedly murdering three people and injuring 264 on April 15, 2013, when he and his brother Tamerlan allegedly placed two bombs near the finish line of that day's Boston Marathon. Legal experts and scholars, though, might conclude that the first Boston Marathon bombing trial is more legally significant.
While rightfully condemning the seven governors who are putting detainees in their states at continued risk of rape, some advocates and journalists have also questioned the value of the assurances offered by a majority of states.














Today, anyone and everyone has the capacity to be a journalist and to record with their smartphones potential abuses of government authority.





The Isla Vista mass murder is proof that we are past the time to break the nexus between guns, murder, and mental illness. And we should do that by enacting rigorous new gun-control legislation that takes account of an individual's fitness to own lethal weapons in light of what we are learning about the human brain.
I certainly don't want to go back to the days of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, but I wonder if our well-intentioned desires have swung the mental health pendulum too far.  Would Elliot Rodger or Adam Lanza have revealed their violent intentions during an involuntary mental health hold?




We found that interrogators who were told that their sessions would be taped were less likely to use certain high-pressure interrogation techniques such as threatening the suspect and promising leniency in exchange for a confession.
The dust has begun to settle about Donald Sterling and his strange (is there another word?) \girlfriend,\ V. Stiviano,  although one is not sure we know more now than when this episode began.  But what lessons can we learn from the spectacle they -- and it is they -- have caused?







I am utterly convinced that if every single parent paid attention to their children to the greatest degree possible, with no limitations or planned obsolescence, we would not be having as many of these dreaded conversations.


Drinking does not mean someone is \asking\ to be raped. Drinking does not make it okay to attack another person (something most men are perfectly capable of not doing). Drinking does not cause rapes to happen. The only cause of rape is sexually predatorial behavior; the only people responsible for rape are rapists.

Can something like this be prevented? Most likely, even though we don\u2019t have the details.







There's no place for such conjecture testimony in the court system or the court of public opinion. It may make for great television but it is not science.

Vanessa will hopefully make it, stay out of juvie and be able to reunite with her mother later this year. But what about all the kids who don't make it? Children with incarcerated parents are five times more likely than their peers to end up behind the bars.



Amnesty International reminds Texans and the rest of us that America is in very distinct and distinctive company among executors



If we're going to keep carrying out the death penalty in this country and if we are going to continue to grandly insist that they are \humane executions\ then only a return to a firing squad will insure a speedy and relatively pain free death for the condemned.






The bill would have allowed these private probation companies to shield details of their practices from public eyes, while still raking in millions from those they're meant to supervise.

When we discover that a police officer has lied, it raises serious questions and concerns. For every falsehood uncovered, how often does one go unnoticed? How often do an officer's lies end up becoming damning evidence against a defendant?


The Lincoln-Highlands Association is a resident organization devoted to fighting crime in Oakland, California's Diamond District.




More than 6 million Americans abuse prescription drugs, and both the number of prescription drug sales and the number of prescription drug overdose deaths have quadrupled since 1999. Are doctors to blame?





Young suspects like McCallum and Stuckey are like putty in the police's hands; they fold much more quickly under pressure.


A number of Bundy's supporters, who included militia members from California, Idaho and other states, dressed in camouflage
\You go through little towns and see people with their hands over their hearts, it's very moving,\ Reinhart said, adding
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Cross has long been an outspoken white supremacist and was the former \u201cgrand
Preparations are also under way to help those affected by the bombings last year cope with feelings that might be triggered
The man went into Margo Manhattan jewelry store on Friday afternoon and asked a 53-year-old female employee to show him some
(Reuters) - A truck driver beaten unconscious by a Detroit mob when he tried to assist a child he accidentally hit with his
While some researchers are looking for the fountain of youth, others are thinking that life extension will change the way we punish criminals. Philosophers and engineers are now exploring the possibility of making a life sentence in prison last hundreds -- and theoretically thousands -- of years.
(Additional reporting by Carey Gillam in Kansas City; editing by G Crosse and David Bailey) Witnesses have reported seeing
Anderson's attorneys are petitioning to have him released, arguing he is a rehabilitated man and making him serve his time
\u201cI watched as they carried out my limp sister out the door,\u201d Szyszka told the Tribune via email. Zuzanna was taken to an
CBS Miami reports that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals received a tip from someone who had seen the video back
One of the things I impress upon people is what never to do, and what TO do, if they suspect they're being followed on foot or by car.
Robert Siciliano\u00a0is an Online Security Expert to\u00a0McAfee. He is the author of\u00a099 Things You Wish You Knew Before Your Mobile
The criminal complaint contends that Pang Se Vang spoke to his church pastor on the phone Monday morning about his son's
(NEWSER) \u2013 It's been 62 years since then-26-year-old Inez Garcia went missing\u2014and investigators may finally have some new
A detention hearing for Talbot is scheduled for Tuesday. (Reporting by Andrea Lorenz; Writing by Jon Herskovitz; Editing
Lanier has said the search for Rudd is a \recovery operation,\ but that \we have not given up hope that we may still find
She pleaded with the suspect to bring her child home. \u201cWe\u2019ve been trying to sound the alarm that the city needs to invest
\I will tell you that without question I can't imagine police officers being exempt from the law,\ Hee said Friday. \To condone
Story continues below The suspect was thought to be in North Texas, according to the initial release. Authorities apprehended
Sheriff Joe DiSalvo said his office has faced a few difficulties during the investigation. It's the first homicide case in
Dakkari McAnuff A Los Angeles man is accused of vowing to trade retweets on Twitter for a murder. \I'm gonna laugh so hard
In August of last year, 31-year-old Emily Creno allegedly told her 4-year-old son he was going to die, and subjected him
Unfortunately in today's world, scammers are coming at us from all angles to try and trick us to get us to part with our hard earned money. We all need to be vigilant in protecting ourselves online.
The paramedic decided Keith should stay in the cell but became concerned after watching him on video for four or five minutes
Christopher Rossi in 2012 allegedly left home with $1,000 check he wrote to himself from his father's account. His father
A 31-year-old woman said Officer Deon Nunlee sexually assaulted her in her home while he was questioning her in October 2013
Wilkerson had not posted bail and remained in custody on Saturday afternoon. (Editing by Jonathan Allen and Gunna Dickson
A woman convicted of the 1976 murder of a University of Nevada-Reno college student may get a new chance at freedom thanks
An Amber Alert had been issued Friday around noon for Jaden Hanson. The boy was allegedly taken by force from his mother
Even authorities appeared to be shocked by the attack. \In 37 years this is the worst that I've seen,\ Paterson animal control
By Kevin Murphy PUBLISHERS WARY More of his writings are to come, with the volumes tracing the rise and degeneration of the
WETUMPKA, Ala. \u2014 For a female inmate, there are few places worse than the Julia Tutwiler Prison for Women. Read more on The
March 1 (Reuters) - An avalanche that destroyed a house and injured three people in Missoula, Montana, may have been inadvertently
\He is my son and a brother to my daughters now and an uncle to my grandbabies,\ Linda Jordan, Dobson's mom, told the Marietta
A 2011 study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine found that men who have had sex with animals were twice as likely
\It is a particularly horrendous case because the period of suffering for the kitten would have been awful,\ Lynsey Harris
Scott, who is five-months pregnant, was reported missing on Feb. 10 by her mother Kimberlyn. Four days later, Scott's family
Stephens continues to struggle, and can be heard screaming and crying, as four officers force her into a police car. Cops
The 5-foot-1 woman weighs about 118 pounds. She has brown/auburn hair and brown eyes. There is a $25,000 reward for information
\I have a lot of people saying that, you know, they guarantee that they're going to kill me and I'll never be a free man
An irate Noble is accused of storming out from his house and firing shots. Police said the teenagers fled the scene in a
The skiers were part of a group of seven that were near the top of a ridge on the Twin Lakes side of Independence Pass when
Hays was released on $130,000 bail. Through a statement from his attorney, he has denied the allegations against him. Authorities
And other shocking details from the Justice Department's report on the Missoula County Attorney's Office. Read more on www.motherjones.com
A Canadian man is dead after shooting his estranged wife's son with a crossbow before turning the weapon on himself. It is
Indianapolis police said that the four children may have been given a combination of over-the-counter and prescription medication
Robinson said he is concerned by the violence. He said the teens robbed him and recorded video of the attack as they beat
Smoke drifted toward downtown Savannah and its historic areas, prompting an advisory to tourists and residents to stay indoors
Neighbor Aleia Berry told WSBTV that Driver may have allowed Mays to move back in because she is \stupid in love.\ Darrika
Kenneth Thompson, the Brooklyn D.A. ultimately responsible for the men's release, is \grappling with a metastasizing wrongful
Ever consider the idea that a home intruder may force you to turn off your home alarm? Ever think that there's a way you could secretly signal this to the authorities when you turn off the alarm while your captor is watching?
ASSOCIATED PRESS Results of an autopsy being conducted by the Montgomery County coroner weren't expected before Monday. Information
An audacious, broad-daylight heist on Friday netted $300,000 for three robbers in Queens, The New York Post reports. An armored
A 65-year-old Arizona woman is being accused of attempted first-degree murder after trying to inject her husband's IV with
South Carolina State University has an enrollment of about 3,200 students. Orangeburg, a city of nearly 14,000 people, is
Alvarado was arrested Thursday for the incident, which took place on Thanksgiving, according to D.C. Metro Police. Alvarado
Chism, who was 14 at the time of the alleged murder, pleaded not guilty in December. Chism already faced an aggravated rape
Burglars would rather keep their dirty little secrets to themselves. But today, Schlage, makers of the grade one Touchscreen
Eddy posted photo tributes to her friendship with Neese on social media shortly before she was arrested and charged with
They had a New Year's Eve reservation at a bed and breakfast in the Poconos but never checked in, the Record reported. Melissa
The case has some similarities to the murder trial of George Zimmerman, who shot Trayvon Martin to death in Sanford, just
Two women have been charged in the recent stabbing deaths of two young children at a Germantown townhouse -- in what Montgomery
Daniel Clement Chafe disappeared in 1998, days before his trial for allegedly raping, sodomizing and sexually abusing at
Weiler, who the judge on Friday ordered transferred back to a medical facility, is scheduled to return to court on Feb. 21
Police charged Washburn with one count of child abuse and 25 counts of indecent exposure -- one count for each student and
Hamon reached out to an acquaintance she knew through the \pug networking\ group both belonged to and asked her to deliver
The doctor found bruises covering the boy's penis and scrotum. Those injuries would soon lead to an arrest warrant for the mother -- not because she had caused the harm, but because she did not return her son, along with his wheelchair-bound twin, to their abusers.
If witnesses are unwilling to talk to police, then no increase in the number of investigators will close these cases. The police responsibility, then, is to earn the respect and cooperation of citizens in the neighborhoods where these homicides occur.
District Court Judge Paul Gardephe is presiding over what the government has called \the most lucrative insider trading scheme ever charged.\  As the prosecution launches its case-in-chief, the following is what to expect at trial.
Sirgiorgiro Clardy was convicted of repeatedly stomping a man's face after he didn't pay one of Clardy's prostitutes in 2012
Paleologo and deputies say McCarthy got into a dispute last Saturday with her 53-year-old lover over space aliens. McCarthy
Had this home had a comprehensive security system (or at least any pre-existing one turned on), the teenagers would not have
A Baltimore woman is accused of leaving her four-year-old child in a car outside the Maryland Live! Casino for more than
A Florida couple has been charged with child abuse after allegedly encouraging a teenage relative to smoke pot, drink beer
The boy is recovering at an area hospital and is expected to live. Police said the boy's mother and grandmother were in the
Robert Ball, of Hennepin County EMS, told KARE that victims were injured by burns and, in some cases, trauma sustained while
Crime stories dominated the headlines in 2013 like no year in recent history. In the past 12 months we've seen the Boston
Since the beginning of the United States' economic decline in 2008, incidents of parents stealing children's identities is
People tend to say the darndest things when they're in a tense situation. Brain-to-mouth filters be damned, they speak the
Gomez's grandfather, Jerry Carpenter, told the station that Gomez was recently released from juvenile detention. He said
Although Maryland law requires people convicted of the crimet to register as sex offenders, prosecutors did not request that
When U.S. officials warn about \attacks\ on electric power facilities these days, the first thing that comes to mind is probably
A California man, in the midst of a domestic dispute on Christmas Eve, allegedly threatened to 'eat' his roommate and then
He was allegedly drunk at the time, according to the woman, who says Kenton forced his way into the house and began arguing
I also learned about true friends from those who supported me from outside of prison. They stood by me during the trial and
More than 600,000 men, women and children are reported missing in the United States each year. Please take a few moments
Police contend that Wilson hired Eugene Spencer, 22, to carry out the killing, station WLS reported. Lorian Johnson, 23, was
Cayce Johnson said the authorities have assured her family they are looking into all leads. \It was a complete nightmare
Student-teacher sex scandals were widely reported in 2013. In some cases, convictions brought closure to victims after years
READ THE COURT RULING
The Sacramento-area school district distributed a memo to parents about the alleged sex scandal, Place County Online reported
Just before midnight on Christmas Eve, Gareth Long woke to a noise outside his bedroom door. He got out of bed, grabbed a
The burst of violence took place around 12:45 a.m at Slick's GoGo Bar and Slick's Tavern in Irvington, The Star-Ledger reports
\You grieve and then you try to put it all back together,\ Whitcomb told the paper. The other two drivers weren't injured
You can have peace of mind while away from home during the holidays by implementing the following home security tips.
A 20-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly breaking a four-week-old baby boy's leg while changing a diaper. Lajeunesse
Police told ABC7 they are still investigating and believe the shots came from a second story window in a nearby building
They didn't see him die. Byrnes asked to decorate Schrama's home since it sits on Walnut Avenue where the cars pass. He rented
Police arrested Snipes on Friday. A high school psychologist is accused of engaging in sexual acts with a 16-year-old pupil
The 23rd time was the charm and Darby was paroled - with the fund was mostly depleted, he said. The Texas parole board said
Jose Oliver, Jeremiah's biological father, told the Sentinel & Enterprise that he hasn't seen his son in years because of
Huff's arrest closed what was the oldest open case in the Lone Star Fugitive Task Force's cold case unit, reports ABC News
On Tuesday, she abruptly adjourned the misdemeanor drug court that she founded after being in session for only 90 minutes
By Keith Coffman It was not immediately clear when a trial would begin for Holmes, or whether he would continue to be viewed
Both Browns were arrested Dec. 7. Both have since been released after posting a $20,000 bond, police said. Police said at
Carpenter also noted that the baby's abdomen was so caved in that her spine was nearly visible, and said the child hadn't
The rampage lasted only 80 seconds. Pierson was found dead inside the school of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound
This defense obviously doesn't work for black and poor youth. Yet, news outlets are spiraling about 16-year-old Ethan Couch who caused the deaths of four people by drunk driving. His defense was that he suffered from \Affluenza\ -- a disorder that only the affluent have.
Authorities have identified 18-year-old Karl Pierson as the student who allegedly opened fire at Arapahoe High School in
Jamaican has been trying to crack down on a local multimillion-dollar lottery scam targeting mostly elderly Americans out
Addlespurger says the security footage has been used to identify the supposed \trend\ -- and it's played on TV news shows
\She's scared, she's terrified ... and she knows she's blown it, but she is willing to go to treatment if she can just have
Though they may run counter to conventional wisdom, these 10 research-backed policy ideas could reduce crime in the United States. Here's how -- and why.
The jail's giant, new high-tech kitchen can serve between 25,000 to 30,000 meals a day--far more than three squares meals needed for nearly 2,400 inmates now. Meanwhile, the Phase II jail will be able to house 1,438 inmates.
The fire ultimately caused damage to the rectory of the Ocean City church, but did not seriously damage the sanctuary, according
He is accused of killing three people and injuring hundreds more in a bombing that shook Boston and the nation. Only 33 percent
A robbery suspect in Southern California has taken his own life after a standoff with police that lasted nearly six hours
Raccosta's horrific murder was said by officials to be a revenge killing
\She asked me questions like 'why doesn't Juan Martinez love me?' And I'm like, love you? He's your prosecutor, he's there
Restorative justice is a system that fundamentally views crime as injury rather than wrong-doing, and justice as healing rather than punishment. Whilst visiting New York, Minneapolis, Hawaii and Texas I've uncovered some remarkable US-based programs that bear this out.
The Post-Standard highlights several examples, including a Star Ledger report of a man who was pepper sprayed by police after
In this time of economic strain anyone who doesn't look at ways to cut their personal or business budget is just not being responsible. Same goes for the justice system.
Edwards also said the state should set up a thorough parole review process. The state had argued the Supreme Court's rulings
Last week U.S. Rep. Trey Radel (R-Fla.) pleaded guilty to cocaine possession. While this is likely not an easy time for the congressman, let us be clear
Websites
With a very heavy heart, as a mother and advocate for drug policy reform, I wish other mothers and fathers who are victims of the drug war a \happy\ holidays -- but can one truly have a \happy\ holidays when there's an empty chair at the family table?
Sheriff Paul Babeu said Fernandez choked, then stomped McNaughton to death, according to the Associated Press. Although investigators
\She was the most giving person ever,\ said Bill Okuly, who was a member of the Rolling Thunder motorcycle club with his
As you can see, decisions rendered in court are not based on all of the evidence -- just all of the legally admissible evidence
Celebratory gunfire is rather common among revelers in the country. According to the Yemen Times, wedding guests shoot live
Pate, who was arrested for disorderly conduct Nov. 11, has been held in jail since then. He was charged with James' murder
Anyone with more information about the shooting can call detectives on the Homicide Tip Line at 918-798-8477 or send an email
Olander Cuthrell, 41, a former minister of music at Gospel Shepherd Baptist Church, appeared briefly before U.S. Magistrate
Todd was living a \u201csafe, healthy and otherwise living a normal life\u201d in Queensland, U.S. Attorney Bill Nettles said in a
Teets, 66, was arrested in Pennsylvania Thursday and charged with unlawful restraint, corruption of minors, unlawful contact
This is the most recent sexual assault -- involving an alleged police impersonator -- to be reported in Texas. Investigators
But according to ABC 11 News, prosecutors argued that the woman, who has a \history of physical violence toward boyfriends
The unsuspecting 27-year-old victim was walking in the Columbia Heights neighborhood around 10 p.m., Thursday, when a group
\I can assure you that we have only just begun our investigation into what has happened, and we will pursue it to its fullest
Deputy Sheriff Chad Palmer was suspended without pay over this photo. Palmer's face and arms are painted in the photo, and
Authorities won't name the man they want to speak to, but they could be close to solving what was dubbed the \Valentine's
Is there liability on the part of a nursing home when one resident harms another
George Stinney was convicted on a shaky confession in a segregated society that wanted revenge for the beating deaths of
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 A grand jury has indicted 11 bikers, including an undercover New York City police detective, on various charges
The teen's family has been notified and her community is relieved that the teen is safe. \This was very heartbreaking for
The Associated Press reports that the four individuals accused in Thornton's death are being held without bond. Each of the
Beckley, Bluefield Ford's wife said she saw him burning the box, but didn't know it was filled with kittens and full-grown
In August, 11 women and one man who say they were filmed by a surveillance camera while undressing and using the toilet at
\I've got the gun now,\ Molchak says in the video. But once he retrieves it, he accidentally discharges the weapon, shooting
Police said the girl, who was nicknamed \Coco,\ found a loaded handgun and that it discharged, local NBC affiliate WNCN-TV
Sadly, it appears this incident is not the first time Hunt had tried to hurt her baby. According to police, on Oct. 13, Sasha
That month, Acevedo was charged with a 1993 rape he allegedly committed in the same area where Pemberton's body was found
When officials raided a house in Detroit, they stumbled on quite a haul. Wayne County Sheriff's deputies and Bureau of Alcohol
At first, Negron denied any involvement but later told investigators that Dillen ran up to the SUV with a wallet after robbing
\u201cIt wasn\u2019t my intention to be hurtful. I violated their trust,\ Kloman said Friday, according to WJLA. I am embarrassed, horrified
Watch the video above and let us know what you think in the comments section. As the controversy over stop-and-frisk heats
In the interview, Smart recalls her first time at the site, where she was met by a strange woman in long linen robes ordering
The drug is accessible and marketed to recreational drug users who believe it to be less dangerous than its predecessor, which
But authorities said Karas has been accused of cheating before. The marks gave Karas an unfair advantage by helping him identify
Diocesan officials are asking that anyone who may have been sexually abused by Paulish contact local law enforcement. Paulish
Meanwhile, another cocaine investigation was wrapping up on the ground. Cops seized another 881 pounds of cocaine from a
Christopher Swanson, 41, was found dead early Friday in front of a fountain on the Mercyhurst University Campus in Erie. He
\My children, Marlon\u2019s family \u2014 we\u2019re very disappointed,\ the victim\u2019s ex-wife, Krystal Brown, told the New York Daily News
The fire was eventually brought under control with the initial investigation revealing the presence of improvised explosive
Wen Jones, a 43-year-old father of two, was leaving Juno Beach Park in Florida on May 19 when he noticed a pack of 20-year
Iowans have always been able to carry a firearm in private, but a new law passed in 2011 extends that right to the public
SWAT then released gas into the room, which police say caused Isadore to fire at officers. A SWAT entry team entered the
A man who faked his own kidnapping to extort money from his father is facing more charges after allegedly sexually assaulting
Desiree Young called the effort \two solid days of searching\ as more than 100 volunteers around Portland hunted for clues
Arias, an Arizona woman convicted of murder in the brutal slaying of her boyfriend, currently awaits a re-trial of her sentencing
\Take accountability, step up, turn yourselves in so that way we could move forward,\ Cpl. Jamaine Crawford, of Wilmington
WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports \Although a motive for the shooting is unknown at this time, investigators
\Parents, hug kids before you go out the door,\ father Bennie Rison said in 1993. \Believe me, you don't know how much I
The case is still under investigation. James DiMaggio's friend was worried the kidnapping suspect would kill himself on Saturday
On Friday, police found the car that belonged to DiMaggio while investigating a tip that two horseback riders had spotted
View the slideshow below to find out what happened to these scammers. Many of the suspects we've written about (seen below
Liam Neeson on child abuse. Read more on upworthy.com
A California news crew was robbed at gunpoint Friday while shooting a segment during broad daylight in West Oakland. The
Glenda Estell, 54, and her son, Derrick Estell, planned the July 28 escape from the Garland County Jail during phone calls
Michael Donahue and [Brian] Halloran were allegedly killed by Bulger and another man in 1982. Witnesses testified that Bulger
Ariel Castro, who harvested three girls off of the street to enslave, rape and torture them for 10 years, was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years. Good riddance.  But, let's be clear, while Castro might seem psychotic, there is no shortage of cases with similarly staggering details.
At a meeting in chambers with the judge and defense counsel, we discussed scheduling for the afternoon. The judge then looked at me and said words I'll never forget
Arden Fair Mall officials were alerted to the incident by the victim, a 22-year-old man with disabilities, according to local
A recently released registered sex offender was arrested once again on Friday after a neighbor grew worried that someone
Newser puts together a compilation of the 5 craziest crimes from the past week. Surprisingly, only 1 of the crimes was committed
Two men allegedly kept a 15-year-old sex slave in a toolbox and forced her to work on their Lake County, Calif. marijuana
It is now clear to me that Zimmerman's prosecution for shooting the unarmed black teenager would have unfolded in a dramatically different way if a series of decisions, large and small, had been made.
One person is in custody, but there may be other suspects. CORRECTION
Esparza's son, clearly distraught, reportedly tried to run onto the tracks but workers escorted him off the ride. At about
It's unclear whether the women were living in the Texas home or being held against their will, the Houston Chronicle reports
Domel, a married mother of two small children, is accused of an inappropriate relationship between educator and student, a
The locked, converted garage that 31-year-old Walter Renard Jones allegedly forced the men to live in had no beds, no bathroom
If you want to fix the criminal justice system, stop using anecdotes to advance your theories about what's wrong. Stop fetishizing individual actors in individual cases. We're looking for what is exceptional in the Zimmerman verdict, when we should be looking for what's routine.
KING 5 News reports
Those who believe George Zimmerman should have been found guilty, and those who believe the verdict was correct, share the same somber feeling that something is wrong. Zimmerman was morally wrong, but he prevailed in a legal sense.
To be black in contemporary America is to wrestle with this history of cyclical mourning and cyclical anticipation. The racial pain of yesterday is never far enough behind us, while the redemptive promise of a better tomorrow always seems too far ahead of us.
The toddler was last seen wearing pink socks and an orange pajama set with pink hearts. Oakland police have said that Webb
For five days, 29,000 inmates in California's state prisons have refused all meals in the largest hunger strike and prison protest in state history. Your actions speak loudly. We can hear you. We know things must change.
It's time we as a society must decide whether or not the tools we use to protect us will eventually be our undoing.
\u201cI wasn\u2019t just going to let someone leave that just killed my friend,\u201d the 16-year-old told the Des Moines Register. Moten
The animal was allegedly locked outside the home for hours without water, shade, or food on a day where temperatures reached
Would you believe these collectors buy serial killer's autographed photos, artwork and handwritten letters sent to people outside prison walls?  Even an envelope bearing a handwritten return address commands a pretty penny.
\It's terrible,\ Bedard said. \We've never seen anything like it. The Metro store, Dollarama, everything that was there is
\The question you need to ask is why are they not digging up a gravel driveway,\ Birch said to HuffPost in an email. \It
Officials say the Tampa woman had been confined to the bed for three years with rheumatoid arthritis, and her bed sores were
A sixth driver is still in the hospital, but is expected to be charged with a DUI after being released, WSBTV reports. A
We are a civilized society, and the death penalty is barbaric and senseless and in so many cases. There is no question that those who kill should be accountable for their horrible actions.  And prison is that punishment.
The course is only about 3 1/2 miles long, and there are longer and more difficult mountain races, but possibly none with
\That's just the type of person he is, you know? That's just the type of person he is. Business is business. 'I got to take
I head over to the Arthur Fiedler Footbridge, but it's closed off to pedestrian traffic. This upsets me. In the old days, I could enter the event at any point along the Charles River. No more. A single entrance has been established by Homeland Security.
\u201cI am not pleading guilty out of guilt, but out of fear I won\u2019t get an unbiased or fair trial,\u201d Dorman said in a written
A grand jury indicted a 73-year-old man on Thursday for the alleged murder of his first wife more than 50 years ago who he
Curtis Dressman, a 23-year-old student at Xavier University in Cincinnati, sued the city and county government for the beating
When a Broward jury convicted Omar Loureiro for murder and his judge sentenced him to death; neither he, his defense lawyers, nor the jury knew that the prosecutor and judge were secretly chatting and texting hundreds of times throughout the course of the trial.
\u201cThis dog wasn't after him. This dog was just running up going, 'Hey what are you doing?' and they have a right to do that
Perrywinkle is described as a 4' 3\-tall, 60-pound, white girl with hazel eyes and brown hair. She was wearing an orange
Police have not commented on the cause of Perrywinkle's death. CORRECTION
More from the Associated Press
Former school bus driver Ariel Castro was indicted on Friday on 329 criminal counts in connection with the imprisonment of
Lester Huffmire and Petra Huffmire, both 41, were arraigned on Friday after two female relatives, aged 5 and 10, were found
In October 2009, someone vandalized a sign on the Roloff property. The family heard gunshots and found that a sign advertising
Fischer's parents own a condominium in West Jefferson, N.C., but neighbors told police they had not seen her and there were
Authorities recovered an assault rifle, a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition from the suspect, who was said to
He had not spoken to dispatchers and had apparently stopped to pick up debris that had been deliberately placed in the roadway
\That claim will be demonstrated in the evidence we will provide,\ said Benton County district attorney John Haroldson, whose
HuffPost Crime thanks Tanay Tewani for translating research materials for this article. \u201cIt saddens me to learn that the
A tweet from the Sacramento Police confirms the suspect died while in custody
Three Chicago teens accused of gang-raping a 12-year-old girl at gunpoint and posting the video to Facebook will face charges
Citing numbers from Mexico's Federal Police, Mexican newspaper El Universal wrote that 1,093 kidnappings were reported in
After the girls stopped fighting, Sanders ordered all the students back on the bus, where the teens fought again, the police
While [New Orleans Police Department Superintendent Ron] Serpas said there were about 300 to 400 people in the Mother's Day
In February, Andrew Mendoza pleaded guilty to public lewdness and criminal trespassing for trying to make a baby with his
Apparently, Spring is a traditional time when many decide to pick up and start fresh somewhere new.In fact, the month of May is National Moving Month and crooks have already marked it on their calendar.
Knight was 20 when she disappeared in August 2002. Amanda Berry went missing at age 16 in 2003 and Gina DeJesus went missing
Mel Hughes, whose girlfriend is Enclade's other daughter, said that Monette called her family in California nearly every
According to the Jackson Free Press
After a person dies, we clearly need to make decisions regarding final disposition, for public health reasons as well as closure for the family and community.  But what happens when the remains are those of a person believed to have committed a horrific, recent crime?
Willie Manning is scheduled to die by lethal injection on Tuesday for the 1992 kidnapping and murder of two white college students. No physical evidence has ever linked Manning to the crime. And the Justice Department has just come clean that the FBI's forensic analysis implicating Manning was invalid.
One of the country's most bizarre criminal cases took another twisted turn on Friday when a Florida judge threw out John Goodman's DUI manslaughter conviction for the death of Scott Wilson.
The veteran prosecutor said there is no evidence to support self-defense in Alexander's slaying. He pointed to the killing
\'Here in the last hour, I yield to mercy when this could have turned bad,'\ Moore said in the signed note, according to
The lack of reference to American historical precedent over the last two centuries, which is replete with similar instances of mass violence and bombings resulting from unabated reverence for political and/or religious teachings, incorrectly builds the significance of the Boston bombings.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, died after a gunfight three nights later with police on the streets of Watertown, the Boston suburb
They say that adversity is the true test of character. Well, what happened last week was much, much more than an adversity. Yet it demonstrated that the people of Boston and its surroundings sure know how to step up when called upon; and they did so with enormous courage and dignity.
During the impromptu interview outside Fenway Park Saturday, Patrick added that Tsarnaev will need time to recover before
Daoud was indicted on two counts of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction and maliciously attempting to use an explosive
Rather than hating the bomber, it seems better to me that we should love the lesson about choice that he so painfully teaches.
While I may have left my heart in San Francisco, this week I found my heart in Boston in the courage and love that showed up in countless ways in the face of terror and violence that occurred on Marathon Monday and the days that followed.
The post 9/11 discrimination against Muslims has already started again, and it will only get worse. The only way that we as a country will be able to get over this is by standing together. We are all American.
The last 24 hours have been surreal. While I have had more than enough time to wrap my mind around this situation at hand, I still feel as though I am living in a slight haze.
Armed with handguns, rifles and at least six bombs -- some of which were hurled at officers from the stolen vehicle -- the
CLICK HERE for live updates Soon after the FBI released photos and videos of the young men at the Boston Marathon, Suspect
I recognize, as a lawyer, that when you infringe the rights of one citizen you threaten the rights of all citizens. But #2 arguably abandoned and disavowed those rights when he (allegedly) declared war against his people and his country.
From the very first Facebook friend post -- \omg explosions at the Marathon\ -- I knew that something big, even huge, was upon us here in Boston and upon me. Little did I then guess how big. Or how damaging.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was reportedly clinging to life after he was surrounded and apprehended in a Watertown back yard. He
Over the next few days we will learn more about Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, from their childhood in Central Asia and their arrival to America up to the last days before and after their alleged attack against the Boston Marathon.
Henneberry tipped off police, leading to the eventual capture of Tsarnaev Friday night. David Henneberry may not have tried
\He (Tamerlan) was 'controlled' by the FBI, like, for three to five years,\ she said, speaking in English and using the direct
I take for granted how wonderful it is to live in a country where, on the average day, I do not fear for my life. I know not all Americans have that luxury. But ever since 9/11 and the upswing in mass shootings, I've been uneasy. This week has been a wakeup call that we are never truly safe.
Let's see, there are 26.1 million annual tokers, 17 million monthly tokers, and 2 million daily tokers in America. Two of them are alleged terrorists. That's literally, at best, a one-in-a-million risk.
As I'm writing this, the surviving suspect is being carted off to the hospital under police escort.We're free. We're proof that being free is not the end of the world. It's the end of his world.
The mystery of 'little Jane Doe,' a 4-year-old girl who was abandoned on a doorstep late Tuesday evening, has been solved
Authorities revealed on Friday that they expanded their search for Hakken and his wife Sharyn to the waters, NBC Miami reported
A man who went to the house to buy a dog told authorities about the deaths on Friday afternoon, Semrad said, adding that
A prosecutor might say that such a case is \u201cin the interest of justice,\u201d Tierney, a former Maine attorney general, told HuffPost
My goal was to attract 1000 respondents to establish a credible level of confidence in the accuracy of the results. However, after one day of people sharing the links via social media and the Huffpost article, the numbers began to swell at a rate of 100 respondents per hour.
A Massachusetts middle school vice principal suspended a student Wednesday for the grave offense of bringing a knife to school
The alleged fraud began in January 2006, and ended in mid-2012, the Boca Beacon reports. When Ruth Amen gave her boss a surprise
Police determined that the shooting was an accident. Neither brother has been named. It is unclear where the teen got the
While some are plausibly speculating that the murder of Tom Clements was possibly a direct organized hit by a violent gang, the 211 Crew's role could also have been a more nuanced one, of creating a violent lone wolf, from an unstable youth, who would later act on his own against a list of shared perceived enemies.
Defense attorney Walter Madison countered by highlighting inconsistencies in the accounts of various witnesses, one of whom
Trent Mays and Ma'lik Richmond had been accused of sexually assaulting a female acquaintance while she was severely intoxicated
The suspect, identified as 43-year-old Kenneth Harris, is charged with substantial battery and could face up to three and
The following essay is by William Blake, who has been held in solitary confinement for nearly\u00a026 years. Read more on Solitary
In October, a similar five-day sting operation -- also in Florida -- netted 23 arrests. In this operation, sheriff's deputies
The revelation that Williams may have committed the crime -- in which a woman was held at gunpoint and sexually assaulted
A man with a long rifle and body armor was reportedly spotted in a building at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Strickler and Nolen have a 7-year-old adopted daughter, though it's unclear what effect the incident will have on custody
Police said the child reeked of cat urine, and wore the same pull-ups to school on multiple occasions. They allege that the
Frederick County State's Attorney Charlie Smith said his office is reviewing the incident and has not decided whether to
From the Wichita Eagle
Federal prison officials isolated Yousef because they deemed him to be a threat to national security even inside the maximum
A blow to the head killed Sierra, who'd also visited Amsterdam and Munich as part of her two-week trip to pursue her interest
Read on to read Jodi Arias' most bizarre statements
Authorities found the boy's mother passed out in her home, according to the Hernando County Sheriff's Office. Fox6Now reported
Hundley has been charged with simple assault within maritime and territorial jurisdiction. Her son has become \apprehensive
Natais was found spread-eagled, naked, beaten and strangled near a lifeguard's stand. Sand was in her mouth and the murderer
Chris Kyle, a former Navy SEAL who wrote the best-selling book American Sniper about his service in Iraq, was shot and killed
Over the last decade there have been dozens of reported cases where an attorney has dug deep into the case file and found untested DNA that could exonerate their client. But often when they return to court to ask for the right to test the new evidence they are told judges don't have the power to force prosecutors to re-test.
In another crazy case of \Catch Me If You Can,\ 18-year-old Matthew Scheidt was arrested in September for impersonating a
The marriage became publicized now, because Shipman pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of resisting arrest last month, the
Karam vanished that day, although she exchanged text messages with her mother that said she wanted to be alone, KFMB reported
Elfers' attorney Eric Deters told ABC 9 On Your Side that Elfers did not have sex with the student. He noted that Elfers
An argument turned the celebration into a tragedy as Kelly Suckla, 43, allegedly killed Kristi Suckla, 44, near the front
Although we should applaud the president's and vice president's intention to throw the kitchen sink at gun violence, there is a real danger in a lack of laser focus on sweeping bans of all assault weaponry.
\The BCA relies on entities in the criminal justice system to provide data on an individual which then populates the individual's
Police expect to release surveillance footage of the incident. Five people suffered non-fatal injuries in the incident, according
The women were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries, it added. A Las Vegas police spokesman did not immediately
Strong's remarks were broadcast the same day closed-door negotiations between his lawyers and prosecutors broke down without
The cat, which Haynes allegedly purchased online, died on Christmas Eve in the woods. In April, Haynes turns 19, the N.J
Between 100 and 150 more pigeons, housed outside of the home, have not been removed. Jessica Garringer, spokeswoman for the
The jury will return next week to decide a sentence of anywhere from five years to life behind bars, KTVT reported. If it

The public will soon get its first look at the evidence against Aurora theater shooting suspect James Holmes. \He was really
More from the Associated Press
Our attempts to pursue equality and opportunity are inhibited, not only by actual rape, but by people's malevolent tolerance for it. Rape is useful, even the rape of boys and men
MORE PHOTOS
\I'm not going to stand here and try to convince you that I'm not the bad guy,\ he said to a chorus of boos. \You've already
Exposure to lead has also been shown to damage brain function. \Ten years ago it was an intriguing idea, but the evidence
Pinsky said last week he was approached by the child's parents within a week of the shooting. The survivor, referred to as
Police arrested a 22-year-old suspect who allegedly opened fire during an argument inside a bar in Old Sacramento, CBS reported
Several slayings marred the New Year's revelry in many of the nation's cities. The count of the dead has not yet been fully
One by one, the minivans rolled into the parking lot, booster seats in the back filled with bright-eyed, eager children. The
The soldier appeared to have died from a gunshot wound, according to the three-sentence statement (PDF) from Lt. Col. William
But authorities say there's no doubt about the quality of the people he killed on Christmas Eve. A gunman -- later identified
Police secured the area by 10 a.m. and firefighters started combating the blaze, which spread to four houses, according to
The shooter has been identified as William Spengler, 62, a convicted murderer, who spent 17 years in prison for killing his
I'm not sure why, but I expected more from the NRA on Friday. I anticipated a more conciliatory attitude, a more constructive tone. I thought maybe, finally, the NRA would consider reasonable measures to limit the number and type of guns that find their way into the hands of dangerous people.
Editor's Note
National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre admitted he has \been feeling a strange and vague sense of responsibility, and having trouble sleeping through the night.\
Much like slave rebellions, mass shootings aren't rational acts, but personal mutinies against a society that doesn't make sense, a culture in which people feel alienated and alone.
There were no shortage of surprising, headline-grabbing stun gun stories in 2012. Whether they were alleged jaywalkers, small
A grieving community will lay the final victims of the Sandy Hook shooting to rest this weekend. Josephine \Joey\ Grace Gay
With everyone in our world talking about guns and America, I woke up this morning to find an All in the Family clip on YouTube that we produced over 30 years ago that has Archie Bunker on a local news channel doing an editorial on gun control.
After Christmas 2010, Adam Lanza had no contact with his older brother, Ryan, who had moved away for a job in New York City
Authorities are still investigating the circumstances of the children's death. \She frequently told me, 'I can't wait to
Mills allegedly told cops he swiped the car to teach the boy's father that he shouldn't leave his child unattended. Mills
READ MORE at WSBTV.com Two parents face criminal charges for allegedly encouraging their daughter to fight in a bus stop
The Times Tribune reports that the boy testified on Thursday in Luzerne County, Penn. Court, that, when he was 7, his dad
\Adolescents are egocentric and they say it's not going to happen to me,\ Cimini said to HufPost. \Ads such as this when
Gabriel was last seen on Dec. 26, 2009, according to police. Johnson, 26, and McQueary shared joint custody. On Dec. 27, the
She was also charged with possession of cannabis and possession of drug paraphernalia. Florida mail carrier Beth Dickison
He is now back in jail. Weaver walked out the door of the prison at about 11 a.m. on Thursday, headed to a bank a mile away
Fryer boasted to a friend about his acts in 2011, the Nottingham Post reported. The friend thought Fryer was joking, but
State Superior Court Judge Correale Stevens jokes that he can't understand why someone would want to break into his office
Just because charges have been dropped, however, doesn't mean Hoffner automatically gets his job back. University spokesman
The disappearance of the mother of one remains a mystery, and as the holidays approach, her family finds the prospect of
The women, who had worked at nightclubs, karaoke bars and salons in the nearby area, were held for periods between two and
A 28-year-old man from Maine allegedly burned two children with a lit cigarette in an attempt to teach them how to meditate
Police in upstate New York arrested Karl Karlsen on Friday following a probe into his 23-year-old son's 2008 death, the Syracuse
Police arrested a 19-year-old who allegedly attacked his sleeping father with an ax in their Texas home on Wednesday. Police
The remains, which were stuffed inside a suitcase, were transported to the Chief Medical Examiner's office in Baltimore for
Both victims told police that Fletcher texted them naked and half-clothed photos of herself, and often performed oral sex
Police say officers responded to the shooting shortly after noon on Black Friday, one of the busiest shopping days of the
It's believed Faris was killed sometime in November. Authorities have not yet determined how she died. Frederick Hengl looked
It took about one minute for her child's breath to cease, Goodson said. \Its eyes weren\u2019t open but I felt to see if it was
The Harris County Sheriff's office hasn't established a connection between the slayings, but is looking for leads, an official
It's unclear what led them to believe she had a weapon. It's believed that one agent fired multiple times at the teen in
Jeffrey Pyne, now 22, stands accused of killing his mother by stabbing her 16 times in the neck and hitting her repeatedly
Leonel Contreras was tried as an adult and will be sentenced Dec. 5, according to KFMB. Rodriguez's lawyer, Dana Feuling
Officials say it took about two hours for the woman to free herself from the laces. Police located Connolly and Dean at a
According to The Associated Press, the teenage girl does not have cancer and lives with relatives in Seattle. An Idaho woman
At first, Ruiz denied the accusations when confronted by deputies, but he then allegedly admitted he took an empty feeding
On Monday in Philadelphia, a man rescued from a collapsed building was suspected of looting, according to NBC Philadelphia
The former brewery employee claimed that the young child \flirted\ with him before pushing him down and forcing her tongue
According to court officials, Chidgey's efforts to conceal Howells' death and keep the pub open went beyond hiding his remains
\They brought an army to take out a 16-year-old boy. To kill a 16-year-old boy,\ said Nick Messina, the boy's dad, in an
Police told ABC News that Jonathan Holt, 24, who's accused of sexually assaulting and shooting 21-year-old Whitney Heichel
He has escaped one major pitfall -- he has not been criminally charged for obviously prosecutable crimes in what anti-doping officials have called \the most sophisticated doping program in history.\
The court rejected the appeal. A man sentenced to 13 years in prison for growing one of the largest marijuana crops in Australia
WTMJ describes Haughton as a 6-foot-1-inch tall, 270 pound African-American man with a bald head and brown eyes. During a
Milwaukee County Sheriff's deputies released this photo of Haughton. More from the AP
For background on the story, view the report by KABC-TV featured above. Another source threw water on that alibi, telling
Police say the Calera 12-year-old used the family's gun to shoot and injure an alleged home invader on Wednesday, KFOR reports
Most adolescents understand intellectually that to kill another human being is wrong. That is precisely why we condemn it and punish those who commit it. But because of the lesser culpability or blameworthiness of young offenders, the punishment should not be as harsh as it is for adults.
A California businessman is in custody on suspicion of murdering his wife, who has been missing since Wednesday. The couple
Anyone who's had the good fortune to spend a few days in this part of America's idyllic Northeastern coastline would likely acknowledge this as a pretty accurate description -- except they left out the bit about the Zumba-workout-gym-turned-prostitution-ring.
The lawsuit, acquired by RadarOnline.com and dubbed the \craziest lawsuit ever\ by gossip columnist Perez Hilton, reads
Princeton Harlan, 18, star quarterback at Mt. Pleasant High School in Maury County, was arrested on Wednesday morning. The
An infant was found dead and buried in a Long Island backyard -- and his parents never reported him missing. Neighbors reportedly
Carr is charged with theft by deception, a felony. Rickey Carr, 53, was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly convincing several
KCAL reported that the abduction attempt happened in a well-lit park with many parents and soccer players around, and that
In February 2009, Hunt and other officers assigned to the county's drug task force assisted in the arrest of Phillip Alberternst
Hey, want to buy a serial killer's foot scrapings? Nevertheless, Kahan said he hopes these laws help curb another burgeoning
\u201cWhat do you want done with Bob Meredith?\u201d the friend asked. 'I want him killed,\u201d the man, who prosecutors say is Pepe, replied
Also in February, investigators recovered three more sets of remains tied to Shermantine from an abandoned well near a former
The two boys took jewelry, loose change and a purse from Olson's home, then stole her car and drove it to get pizza, the
The messages, released Friday upon request by multiple media organizations, were heavily redacted, according to USA Today
For young black men in Philadelphia, sometimes just walking down the street is all it takes to earn a two-month stint in jail.
A Florida woman paid $890 for two rounds of what she believed were vitamin treatments. They weren't.
Curtis, who has a long rap sheet, recently met the man on dating website Singlesnet.com. In just one week, the romance quickly
Ce ne sont pas des \islamistes\ qui se sont d\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9s hier, mais des gauchistes pro-islamistes. Il y avait bien quelques \enfants\ naturels (j'entend politiques) de Tariq Ramadan, d\u00e9cid\u00e9ment tr\u00e8s amers. Mais surtout des gauchistes persuad\u00e9s que toute critique de l'islamisme est forc\u00e9ment raciste puisque dans leur monde binaire, digne du choc des civilisations, il y a le monde de l'Islam contre celui de l'Occident blanc.
Mones said the allegations revealed in the Oregon case are not necessarily comparable to the Catholic Church's sex abuse
On Friday, after being discharged from the hospital, he appeared in court on the attempted murder charges. He had allegedly
The authorities couldn\u2019t have more effectively made the Occupy movement look like a danger to the republic if they had scripted
Anyone with information about Kaelynne Paez\u2019s whereabouts is asked to call Imperial County investigators at 760-339-6324
Few other details are available. Hall County Police say they've narrowed down the case to several persons of interest, but
Appeals for Wellons were initially rejected by several courts. In 2010, however, the Supreme Court ordered a federal review
Darden's remarks came after Dershowitz, a fellow panelist, called Darden's decision to have Simpson try on the glove for
DePalo was charged with first-degree aggravated sexual assault, second-degree sexual assault and endangering the welfare
Doris Thompson's 20-page rap sheet dates back to 1955. The 82-year-old career criminal was arrested again late last month
After a toddler refused to give up the mic at a karaoke parlor in Xi'an, China, a series of events lead to two men being
\He handed out flyers knowing all the while he was the one responsible for taking her,\ said Lott. \That makes me sick to
Hat Tip
On the evening of May 7, 2008, a twenty-three-year-old woman named Rachel Hoffman got into her silver Volvo sedan, put on
The Supreme Court halted the Texas execution last week to give it time to rule on arguments that Balentine had inadequate
The financial woes engulfing Camden that forced it to slash its police department have been a stubborn symptom of the city's
Exactly what Blanchard did is unknown, but the emergency room doctor who examined Noah said it's consistent with shaken baby
\I'm f**king rich,\ Gao reportedly told Hurring at the time and later told the police he'd won the lottery. The Australian
\She stated all her life she cared for everyone else and nobody cared about her or paid attention to her,\ Cumberland County
Harmon was taken to a hospital before she was led to jail. Court records reveal that she has a previous felony conviction
KPTV - FOX 12 Wynn is locked up in the Clark County Jail and scheduled to go on trial on September 17. In addition, charges
She bought the trailer from him five years ago this month... And just about two weeks ago, [she] hired Hobbs to do some work
The FBI maintains, however, that subsets of the Juggalos \exhibit gang-like behavior and engage in criminal activity in violence
Grable said the family had pinned hopes on additional media coverage. People interested in helping search or donating funds
\One of the things [Michael Pollara] would do was he would use a reward card,\ Rossman said. \Obviously, for his small-ticket
In the diaries, Steven acknowledges that his behavior \might be considered sociopathic\ questions his own normalcy. \I mean
According to the AP, at least 6 other people were killed and many others injured. Police said that they did not believe there
The Indian embassy in Washington said it was in touch with the National Security Council about the shooting and an Indian
\You don't have a presumption of sealing,\ said Jonathan Sherman, an attorney at the law firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner who
Several people have been shot after a gunman opened fire on the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin, Patch reported. The incident occurred
The man that Morgan says is the father has been interviewed by police, MyFox Tampa Bay reports. Morgan is 5-feet-2 and weighs
Attorney Harland Braun, who has represented doctors in malpractice cases, said Bystritsky may raise a strong defense that
\We always say, do what you have to do to get out of a situation to make yourself safe,\ Renee Witt of the Seattle Police
During the robbery, one of the men hit Martins, a Portuguese immigrant, with the gun. But despite the laceration, she refused
42-year-old teacher Derek McGlone was well known at Calderhead High School in Scotland for making up stories to get out of
Does the public ever know how many prosecutors have sat in their offices crying because they believed so much in a case and the jury said \not guilty\? That's the side of a prosecutor that nobody chooses to explore. That's the life that some of us lead.
The contention that Harpersville and JCS sent the indigent to a so-called debtors prison is untrue, Egan said to HuffPost
What's the best advice to those facing a polygraph test?  \Let your body do what it does naturally.\
Simchuk had already returned to his native country at the time of the birthday party sting. It is unclear what prompted his
After 19 years these shadows still follow me. And I wasn't even there. But in an infinite number of imagined memories I was there. I process my own mortality all the time, constantly. My own death over and over. How does Bobby feel? How do the families of my former coworkers process this?
\Report of a drunk male at the rec centre with no shirt and his pants around his ankle,\ they tweeted. \He should stand out
Nearly half of all Americans -- 47 percent -- now own firearms. And the killer who gunned down moviegoers in Denver obtained all his weapons legally. Reasonable minds question if it's a good idea to introduce hundreds of millions of firearms into the general public.
All three men are being held without bond at Gilmer County Jail. The biggest find on Thursday, however, occurred when officials
The woman also reported approximately $3,000 worth of jewelry stolen. Police believe the incident occurred sometime between
\She wants very badly to help us identify Mollie's murderer,\ Portland, Texas, Police Department Chief Randy Wright told
The app is currently only good in New Jersey, where it is legal to tape police encounters, but other states may have different
The next morning, however, Millner allegedly showed her videos of himself and another man forcing her to perform sexual acts
Sinnett was charged with aggravated child abuse. He has 15 years of previous convictions, the Sentinel reports. Sinnett faces
CORRECTION
\I feel sick to my stomach,\ the victim's mother Gloria Weidner told the paper. \I don\u2019t understand closure, but this doesn\u2019t
\What was found is actually related to the 11th homicide on our territory -- that is, the Magnotta case,\ said Montreal Const
Determined to see justice served for his son, Thomas Smith is attempting to raise the money for the arrest himself. He has
A woman has been hospitalized in China after a drunken bus driver allegedly attacked her and began gnawing on her face. Du
According to Sweet, Billy the Kids original marker was shot up or stolen long ago and the tombstone he has now has been in
Local authorities have said the gang ordered the killing on the northern border because the consular officer was thought
An Ohio woman was jailed Friday after allegedly luring a 13-year-old girl into a sexual relationship with her boyfriend's
BELLEFONTE, Pa. -- Jerry Sandusky entered the Centre County Courthouse Friday as one of the most celebrated figures in the
The plaintiffs acknowledged that none of the defendants were personally involved in the study, but claimed that the defendants
BELLEFONTE, Pa. -- If convicted child molester Jerry Sandusky has any supporters left, they were noticeably absent from the
Those close to him -- even his attorney -- were almost certain the man would be convicted. Sandusky was convicted Friday
One man's unique case may have uncovered a loophole in Florida law that allows for certain forms of oral sex between humans
The Arizona Republic reports that the girl was with 15 other suspected undocumented immigrants who were traveling to the
The incident, however, was purely an accident, say investigators. A coroner has confirmed that the broken glass of the window
You want to know exactly where a candidate has gotten money to stage their expensive campaign? I sure do. Election campaign laws were written and passed by members of Congress -- the very people who would be held accountable to them. No wonder it's such a muddle.
\She won't wear short dresses or go to the beach any more,\ Goodin's attorney, Stuart Fraenkel, told The Huffington Post
\It came to the point where I just felt that we couldn't do it anymore,\ he says. \This had to be stopped.\ The office's
There have been false convictions in pedophile cases, evidenced by innocence projects nationwide, and the cases, in general
Mondesir, 52, was charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bail, according to MSNBC. A woman
When Pavon lost a molar and developed a serious oral infection, however, she sought treatment at an emergency facility, where
Cadedra Cook, 18, was apprehended a day after the incident, after allegedly fleeing on foot with a 15-year-old boy, whose
While Medrano and her husband called 911 and attempted to revive the baby, he was pronounced dead on arrival at the local
\Davis is an acquaintance of the family. He used to live in Fairfield. How they became acquainted is still part of the investigation
Investigators are currently interested in whether or not the victims were alive when the fire started, he said. The SUV had
Perdue allegedly confessed to agents that she has been distributing child pornography since 1999, ABC reports. Court documents
The mother Catalina Clouser, 19, was booked into jail on child abuse and aggravated assault charges, he said. The infant
While the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2010 that it is unconstitutional to sentence a minor to life without parole -- except for homicide -- cases like Rodrigo Caballero's fall under a gray area based on the wording of the law.
Bolaris wanted to give the painting back, so he agreed to meet up, according to the New York Daily News. That evening, Bolaris
When a single act of cannibalism is reported, it is as unfathomable as it is unsettling. To have five such incidents dominate
Arkansas Inmates Break Out of Jail With Hacksaw Authorities brought in a K-9 dog unit to search the area after jail staff
The girl's mother and a friend found the girl tied up after they returned from a trip to the gym, Fox News reports. The mother's
He was thrown into his prison-like room because he snuck food out of the fridge, Metro reported. The boy's biological father
22-year-old Latonya Bowman was dropping off her ex-boyfriend, who is allegedly the father of her unborn child, at the home
Another time, the neighbor said he witnessed the couple force the girl to pull them around on a horse cart. Police released
Authorities released more than 550 pages of case files, more than a month after Celis' father called 911 to report that the
But Mayer, who worked with the Find Foundation in Louisiana, did listen and followed up on the tip. Canadian authorities
\u201cLouisiana is the world\u2019s prison capital. The state imprisons more of its people, per head, than any of its U.S. counterparts
Pedro Hernandez, the suspect who allegedly admitted to killing Etan Patz more than 30 years ago, knew \intimate details\ about
He walked into Huntington Bank at about 3 p.m. Wednesday, wielding the gun and demanded money from the tellers, NBC 4i reported
The Middlesex County Prosecutors office filed paperwork on May 10 with the court, saying Ravi should be imprisoned, because
Also released from the prosecutor's office was a 15-minute interview with a former co-worker of Zimmerman's who claims Zimmerman
\You can't do anything for Willingham except clear his name,\ Baird told The Huffington Post. \When they tried Willingham
Isabel Celis' Father Barred From Seeing His Sons See A Timeline Of Events In The Isabel Celis Case According to a statement
After receiving the DNA test results, prosecutors in Orange and Los Angeles counties began to examine other cold cases. The
Miss New Hampshire is now also miss rap sheet. The Union Leader reports that Miss New Hampshire 2010, Nicole Houde, was arrested
The Daily What pulled out an interesting section of the Oregonian article in which Davidson's lawyer, James Rice, appeared
Arrest reports obtained by WKMG stated that Waguespack hid three pen cameras on metal shelves inside the storage closet and
Every interrogation starts with analysis.  That is, getting to know the detainee, researching their background, exploring their relationships with others, reviewing any available information and figuring out what makes them tick.
\All in all she's a courageous woman who got out when she could,\ Holt told the station. At the end of March, a passerby
The power prosecutors have to charge people with crimes is often overlooked.
As in other cases brought before it, this grand jury has a very serious task at hand; however, this time, the whole country is watching and waiting.
A group of people took the man's belongings, as onlookers laughed and pointed. It appears the man attempted to retrieve his
If justice determines that Zimmerman walk, then so be it. But who could fault parents demanding that they get to the bottom of why their son, who went to buy a can of iced tea, is now in a grave.
A K-9 unit alerted officers to the smell of marijuana, which led them to the big find
His two children didn't see the incident, but Sear was charged with child abuse because his kids saw him return from the
A bigger question that must also be asked is \Who is Florida?\  We could ask a question about the direction America is headed on race and violence but let's stick to Florida for a moment.
On at least one of the 911 calls logged by neighbors, a man is heard crying in distress just before the fatal gunshot is audible. Who was it, Zimmerman or Martin?
Police suspect that Luka Bojovic was the ringleader of the cannibalistic murder. Bojovic was captured in Valencia last month
The bones were found about a mile from the home of the mother of Hailey's mother's boyfriend, who had been named as a 'person
Yes, today, we may all be Trayvon Martin. But by our silence and inaction we may also be complicit in the continued wanton gun violence that kills so many other Trayvon Martins.
Maybe it helps to make sense of Clementi's death by creating a narrative, a cause and effect. Maybe it helps to make sense of Clementi's death by fabricating a villian. But incarcerating and/or deporting Ravi only compounds this tragedy.
With the jury's guilty verdict in the so-called Rutgers University webcam spying case, Ravi, it appears, has been turned into the proverbial sacrificial lamb for society's collective guilt about its own bias intimidation against homosexuals.
Nicole Madril told the TV station that her mother was unaware that she had been stripping until that day, and had come because
Details about the taser incident on Tuesday are few, but the Coshocton Tribune reported that the officer had been called
Almost a decade and a half ago, an elderly man hiking through an Alabama forest discovered a decomposing female body. The
The two exchange words inside a nearby shop before the man forces her to leave at about 7:40 a.m. on March 4. The footage
In the Amish and Mennonite communities of rural Sugarcreek, Ohio, Monroe Beachy was a respected financial figure for decades
This kid needs to be grounded. The teen, whose name has not been released, \never brandished a weapon but made inferences
\I will be drawing up maps of both areas,\ he wrote. Padilla said he has sent a preliminary $2,000 check to Shermantine and
\He said he was meeting a friend, and I wish I could remember that friend's name,\ she told the station. A woman named Lisa
Poking her stink finger into another none-of-her-business, Nancy Grace managed to make the death of Whitney Houston somehow more tawdry.
The U.S. Attorney General recently announced a revised definition of rape so that it can be more accurately reported and prosecuted. Here's how the new law differs from the old one.
The court documents also showed that Huguely took Love's laptop from her room the night she died. Feb. 3, 2012 Judge Edward
The Associated Press reports a spokesman for the Utah West Valley City Police declined to comment on why it took authorities
USA Today noted that Huguely, who had cried at earlier points, sat attentively but impassively. The fate of George Huguely
The private prison industry has devoted time and money to ensuring that crime legislation benefits their financial interests. They have donated millions to political candidates and parties, as well as helped pass more punitive sentencing laws.
ABC News announced in July it had hired Smart as a contributor on stories about missing persons. (Writing by Steve Gorman
20-year-old Hannah Kelley died Saturday morning after being accidentally shot in the head at a St. Petersburg church. Investigators
The legislature also created the Timothy Cole Advisory Panel on Wrongful Convictions to help prevent future such convictions
I'm an advocate of gun control, and a knee-jerk opponent of the National Rifle Association (NRA). It's extraordinary that I find myself concurring with the NRA about 2 tourists recently arrested in NYC.
Police have not yet released a cause of death in the case but have confirmed that are investigating Swift's death as a homicide
