First Nighter Although Athol Fugard turns 82 in June and his protagonist in The Shadow of the Hummingbird is already 84, the two-year difference in ages doesn't keep the deeply charming and charmingly deep 60-minute exercise from instantly registering as autobiographical.
Every Dance Move From A To Z Showcased In One Ridiculously Insane Video In this incredible video, a group of highly talented dancers demonstrates every dance style from A to Z on the rooftops of
'F*cking Tourist' Series Will Make You Think Twice About How You Travel Photographer Nicolas Demeersman makes the universal aversion to tourism very, very clear in his photography series \Fucking
Stunning Photos Of A Homeless Boxer's Mansion See more photos on Slate. Even on a peninsula populated by handmade, ramshackle structures, Anderson\u2019s place, half home and
Raymond Pettibon's Surf Paintings Are Pure Punk Poetry In his current exhibition \Are Your Motives Pure?\ Pettibon compiles surf-centric artworks from 1985 to 2013, ranging from
Let's Get Ready to Rumble! Some plays are well worth the wait, and I would definitely include The Lion and the Fox in that category. Because CentralWorks creates its plays using an extremely organic process that is guided by people who have worked together for nearly two decades.
Your Favorite Artists And Architects Are Hosting A Giant Easter Egg Hunt In NYC The Faberge Big Egg Hunt has its own map (downloadable as an app on your smartphone) to help you track down the masterpieces
'Orpheus,' Four Larks, Los Angeles It's an odyssey of love and loss portrayed, appropriately enough, as an opera, a junkyard opera, that takes place in hell. Its experience is edgy and ethereal. The costumes and set material are made from repurposed objects.
This Is What Gun Ownership Looks Like in America By David Rosenberg See more photos on Slate. Another image, of teenager Elizabeth Lamont with her gun at home in Virginia
Wonder-ful Tale You might leave Then She Fell with more questions than answers, but that's part of the amazement. This immersive theater experience pushes you to examine the limits of reality and to free your mind to possibility.
Stolen Paintings Found 40 Years Later Italian authorities manage to recover two French masterpieces after they were stolen from a London home in 1970. Read more
Hong Kong Zeros in on Creativity We have known for some time that public art with sculptures, statues, and murals everywhere, and buildings with their uniquely carved doorways, cornices, and columns are usually what distinguish one city from another.
The Getty Black Book Several graffiti writers were approached and given an opportunity to go to the Getty Research Institute and examine the rare manuscripts, and to grant them the opportunity to be a part of the entire process, from birth to execution.
Surrealism Is Alive And Well In Roberto Gil de Montes' Dreamy Depictions \I paint as a way of discovering stories hidden within myself, peeling away layers, digging deeper each time, revealing images
Nude Portrait Series Reveals The Beauty And Strength Of Breast Cancer Survivors The connection between the relics her images are based on -- existing today in varies altered states -- and the transformed
First Nighter On January 20, 1980 Mary McCarthy, never known to mince words in print or in person, was asked on Dick Cavett's PBS talk show whom she considered overrated writers. After a moment's thought, Lillian Hellman came to her mind.
Racing Against Time It's not exactly a secret. Timing is everything -- and time waits for no man. Whether someone is a handsome young rock star battling an addiction or an angry alte kocker trying to provoke a fellow geezer into playing one more game of King of the Mountain, the clock keeps ticking.
San Francisco Ballet in the Exhilarating Shostakovich Trilogy You do not have to be an admirer of Shostakovich or a ballet junkie to be moved and exhilarated by San Francisco Ballet in Alexei Ratmansky's Shostakovich Trilogy.
Protesters Rain Down Thousands Of Bills In Guggenheim Rotunda At 6:45 pm ET this evening, a handheld bell sounded in the rotunda of the Guggenheim Museum in New York, signaling the second
Aisle View Lester is a creative associate of the Tricycle, and husband to playwright Chakrabarti.  This is incidental information; Lester's performance in Red Velvet, under any circumstances, is a marvel of thunder and spellbinding power.
Theater A little more aerial work and then the big finale with everyone trooping out for bows and Amaluna fades away. Half moon? Quarter moon? Take your pick of imagery to reflect a show that doesn't begin to do justice to the standards of Cirque Du Soleil.
Revealing The Many Faces Of Vincent Van Gogh On His 161st Birthday Today marks the birthday of Vincent van Gogh, the Dutch post-Impressionist who brought the world unforgettable visions of
Theater I really do love Les Miserables. I listened to the cast album(s) again and again long before I saw the show in person. I first saw it in Florida in some cavernous space -- my seat was up in the rafters and the stage was a mile away
Milwaukee Ballet and the Modern Quest for Beauty Artistic director Michael Pink has built an ensemble that deliberately eschews the cookie-cutter look of traditional ballet companies; these are dancers of striking individuality, many of whom have risen through the ranks of Milwaukee Ballet's second company.
A Visit to the Centre for Contemporary Art Ujazdowski Castle in Warsaw, Poland (VIDEO) Last year, the Centre presented an exhibition about Ukrainian art, this year, new art from Romania is the focus of an extensive group show that is titled A Few Grams of Red, Yellow, Blue and features artists such as Mircea Cantor and Victor Man.
The Memorandum, Santa Monica Rep The humor is based on the tangles of corporate bureaucracy, including blindly obeyed harebrained schemes to which no one claims ownership and an avalanche of paperwork and procedures.
Duke & Satchmo's Jazz Manual The answer to gloom?  Swing.  Jazz. Trombones. Big band music.   It bubbles over with passion, blaring \Squeeze the moments. Feel the beat.  Live life large.\  Dance on tables, scat a solo, or swing your partner.
10 Shocking Photos That Will Change How You See Consumption And Waste Cell phones #2, Atlanta 2005 Photographer Chris Jordan works with the debris we as a society leave behind, photographing
Questionable Role Models Although it is never clearly stated in either script, both dramas are about throwaway children. Children who, instead of ending up in NeverLand, have been abandoned by parents who are ill-equipped to provide for their offspring or are too self-involved to cope with a child's needs.
Think of Me When it was announced last week that Sierra Boggess and Norm Lewis would step into The Phantom of the Opera this May, most of the press was about the fact that Lewis was to become the first black Phantom on Broadway. I didn't care about that.
Art Activists Use Sex Dolls To Protest Spain's Controversial Anti-Abortion Law (All photos courtesy Luzinterruptus/Gustavo Sanabria) Check out images of the sex doll extravaganza below and let us know
Reunion,  South Coast Repertory, Costa Mesa Gregory S. Moss' Reunion, directed by Adrienne Campbell-Holt for South Coast Repertory, is a corker of a story that examines, at times in excruciating detail, the complex relationships of boys who became men who, for one night, became boys again.
Russia's Amazingly Glamorous Retired Artists Many people find retirement homes to be dull, sterile places. But this is not so in the case the Savina House for Veterans
Chris Trueman's Electric Canvases Will Leave Your Mind Spinning How, if at all, has California contributed to your aesthetic?I think California has been a big influence -- the color, the
One Of Disney's Most Influential Female Artists Finally Gets Her Due \u201cShe brought modern art to Walt in a way that no one else did,\ the late animator Marc Davis once recalled of Blair's work
And Now for Something Completely Different Traditionally, style was the artist's signature or trademark, the unique and distinctive means by which he expressed his ideas or perceptions. The break with this traditional conception was pioneered by Picasso.
In Pursuit of Magnificent Obsessions The winding path from curiosity to passion and onward to embracing a full-blown fetish is a very strange one. Sometimes a person's enthusiasm for a certain type of object is sparked by a gift, a novel idea, or a gateway experience.
ODC's Electrifying boulders and bones Much of his work is ephemeral, expressly designed to be obliterated by wind, rain, snow or heat. Other structures, like his recent Culvert Cairn, a private commission in Marin County, will likely be around as long as Stonehenge.
Ai Weiwei Gets The Shepard Fairey Treatment \I admire Ai Weiwei for his art and his activism. His art is beautiful in form, and in function embodies the principles of
Met Opera The action then mirrors the original. There is a love triangle that becomes more complicated as the story unfolds. Amina and Elvino are about to be married, but Lisa, who was once engaged to Elvino herself, still carries the flame.
An Art Show Dedicated Entirely To Hot Sauce Is Making Our Spicy Dreams Come True Los Angeles Grocery by Patrick Martinez A new, utterly revolutionary art exhibit in Los Angeles dares to go where no hot
Heartbreaking Photo Series Captures The Final Years Of Two Brothers And Lifelong Best Friends H\u00f8yland's black-and-white photos are quiet yet powerful, mirroring the humble yet fierce existence of these two inseparable
New York's Fabulous 1980s and '90s Club Scene Ernie Glam (his club name) met Di Biasio in the late 1980s at a party, and as they struck up a friendship, he learned more
Kandinsky on Creativity In 1916, in an essay vaguely titled \On the Artist,\ the painter Wassily Kandinsky provided a precise and thorough analysis of the difference between conceptual and experimental artists.
Memorable One-Night Stands In rare moments of nostalgia, I miss the good old days of gay bathhouses. Staged readings of new plays pretty much work the same way. While each holds the lure of literary promise, what you get is little more than a dramatic crap shoot.
\Frida Kahlo, Her Photos,\ The Museum of Latin American Art Wouldn't you love to peek inside Frida Kahlo's personal photo album? To see the images that have special meaning for the artist, images that paint a picture that varies greatly from the tortured individual portrayed in her paintings? You can.
Zoran Milosavljevic on the ImageBlog Hong Kong. A woman waiting for her lunch.
8 Things You Didn't Know About Split, Croatia -- As Told By Indie Darling Lovely Quinces \The whole city is an attraction because it is 1,700 years old and it was centered on the structure of the ancient Roman
15 Vintage Japanese Travel Posters That Spark An Urge To Travel Space And Time The bold works, relics of Japanese art deco design at its finest, show that what's waiting in your mailbox may one day be
Meet The Little Known 1970s Artists Who Placed Gorgeous 'Billboards' Around San Francisco An exhibition at Stephen Wirtz Gallery aims to shine a light on these provocative conceptual artists and their impact on
When Art Worlds Don't Collide In Ventura, California March 5th was the closing day of the second ever Representational Art Conference -- TRAC 2014 -- an international gathering that had attracted over 300 artists and others interested in exploring \the aesthetic principles and values implicit in the representational art of the 21st Century.\
Sassy and Sophisticated After 20 years of charming East Bay audiences, Walnut Creek-based Diablo Ballet tipped its hat to the past with an anniversary program that segued movingly from film clips of past performances to live performance of the same pieces, but also nodded vigorously to the future with a brand new work by resident choreographer Robert Dekkers.
Creative Age Cities What makes people creative and innovative is still being debated. Clearly our schools and the educational curriculum must change. But what too, about the communities where young people spend more than half their lives and where their families, friends and fellow citizens live and work. Communities, indeed whole cities, need to reinvent themselves.
Faces All images are courtesy and copyright \u00a9 Julia Christe Via trouvaillesdujour The series Faces is on Faith, a female greyhound
\The Melville Boys,\ Little Fish Theatre, San Pedro, CA But if Lee doesn't have a secret, then he at least tends to the biggest elephant imaginable in the room. It explains his
10 Comics That Depict Your Darkest Feelings With Freakish Accuracy The best ideas usually come while I'm occupied with something else. Mindless tasks are the best
15 Kickass Female Artists We're Eternally Grateful For This International Women's Day It's International Women's Day and here at Huff Post Arts & Culture we're expressing endless gratitude for the dazzling female
Stage Door Now at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theater, Broadway darling Kelly O'Hara and hunka hunka burning love Steven Pasquale play star-crossed lovers who, for four glorious days in 1965, find their soul mate.
Trapped in Limbo Two Bay area premieres showcased the struggles of unlucky souls trapped in radically different cultures on opposite sides of the planet.
Deliciously Freaky Neonscapes To Satisfy Your Cartoon Fantasies \Supernatural\ runs until March 29, 2014 at Sandra Gering, Inc. in New York. James' canvases are jam-packed with electric
Derek Walcott, Old Master Psychologists might take a lesson from the writer Teju Cole, whose review of a new edition of Walcott's poems presents a succinct description of Walcott as an experimental poet, interested above all in making art based on perception -- the way things look.
The First Graffiti Artist Of Britain Isn't Who You Think It Is Imagine someone comes up to you and asks, \Who was the first graffiti artist?\ and you're all, \I don't know, Banksy?\ And
Eric White on the ImageBlog 1973 Ford Pinto with Tanguy Sky (3 Women), 2011 Oil on canvas 40 x 60 inches Courtesy of Martha Otero Gallery
Finding Art In Transit Arteries To experience a train's journey as it climbed a long, slow incline between stations, rose out of the ground into the sunlight, or disappeared down a dark hole in the ground was a cheap and easily renewable thrill.
Sister Corita Kent Retrospective in Berlin (VIDEO) The retrospective exhibition Sister Corita
Coming Out As Gay Via Long-Exposure Photography By David Rosenberg For Pillsbury, coming out as a gay man while shooting \u201cScreen Lives\u201d directly influenced the work. He
Kimberly Brooks' Hypnotic Paintings Depict Memories That Were Never Yours Aristocratic portraits that once hung in the halls of a half-remembered dream, elaborate banquets you read about in a historical
Creating Connections With Nature Via Art Some take the beauty and transpose it into an entirely new medium such as a canvas; however, some artists actually manipulate nature and turn it into art. This is most commonly called \Land Art.\
Dizzying Photos Capture Swarms Of Starlings In Flight By David Rosenberg When Barnes began the project almost a decade ago, he was using a Hasselblad camera; all 26 images in
Tim Vermeulen Tim Vermeulen's recent paintings are awkwardly confessional
In The Future You Could Be Picnicking In A Giant Bubble Park Orproject proposed the design as a response to the rising pollution affecting cities in Asia, as a way to filter the air
New Web Series Will Challenge Your Narrow Definition Of Art \Hold on, I understand why this is, like, beautiful and metaphorically resonant, but this is not The Metaphorically Resonant
Creativity This is by far the greatest error in the scholarly (and popular) understanding of creativity. The scholars who study this believe there is only one kind of creativity, in which young artists and scholars make sudden and dramatic discoveries through highly deductive leaps.
Alex Kanevsky on the ImageBlog Annunciation, 2012, 66\ x 66\, oil on linen
God Save This Queen The bottom line is simple
'Hot Chicks' Drawing Series Has No Hot Chicks, Many Pixelated Boobs (NSFW) For his exhibition \Hot Chicks,\ Green invited a series of artist friends including Dustin Yellin, Devendra Banhart, Alia
11 Contemporary Baroque Still Lifes That Will Lure You To The Dark Side Photographer Tara Sellios is more than aware of this peculiar phenomenon, using it to lure unsuspecting viewers into her
This Weirdly Realistic Human Typeface Will Leave You Traumatized \I first made the letters in old-school 3D with modeling clay,\ Debroize told Co.Design. \We shot pictures of the letters
Saudi Stilettos Meet Poetry And Prose Shiny stilettos. Bursting diaries. Nervous laughter. The call to prayer. It's the first public gathering of the Riyadh Writing Club in Saudi Arabia, and the young women are ready to start.
\Leon Kossoff Isolate a square foot (Yes, they're that big), preferably in a corner along the edge of one of Leon Kossoff's paintings in \London Landscapes,\ his exhibition at L.A. Louver. Forget its subject.
Stage Door Photo
Corporations, Once Happy Buyers of Art, Are Now Happy If They Can Get Rid of It A much happier subject than this is the joy of collecting art. The newspapers are full of record sale prices for artworks
If Music Be the Food of Love, Pig On Any play with a character named \Sir Toby Belch\ should leave you rolling in the aisles, but it's rare to see a production of Twelfth Night that actually brings this Shakespearean comedy to life.
Met Opera In a winter dominated by headlines from the Olympics in Russia and nonstop snowstorms in New York, the Metropolitan Opera is offering its own tribute to Russian heritage and a refuge from the weather with a lavish and captivating new production of Borodin's Prince Igor.
Cubism Meets Nintendo In 8-Bit Watercolor Paintings Mona Lisa at the Louvre IronBat Coney Island Mona Lisa Penny The Kiss \I start with a pencil drawing, blocking in a few of
10 Drawings By Female Artists Whom History Has Underestimated 7. \ufffc\ufffcPat Steir 9. Nancy Spero \It\u2019s 2014, and we\u2019re still having this conversation,\ Harris explained to GalleristNY. \The
Trying to Put a Ring on It A gay film from Israel presents a hair-raising depiction of the obstacles faced by two gay men who quickly fall in love despite the fact that they are surrounded by the kind of tribal hatred as old as the feud between the Capulets and the Montagues.
By The Light of the Feminist Moon In truth, much of the world has come a long way from the crude Freudian symbolism which insists that anything long and straight represents a male and anything resembling a circle represents a female.
Silence, El Segundo Museum of Art As befits an art space that calls itself a 'lab,' the interior of the El Segundo Museum of Art is sparse. In the center of the space rests a chair and, piled with art books, a small table. The walls are lab white, the ceiling high.
Photographer Looks Into the Gazes of the Blind He sees a parallel to his work in the novel Blindness by Jose Saramago about characters who suddenly lose their sight and
Bring On the Night Art is inside the artist and finds its expression through the instrument. The guitar. The camera. For Andy Summers they were the instruments without words.
Ballet Is an Art, Not a Sport When attending a ballet performance, an audience member will never be able to see the strain on the body because of the ballerina's ability to convey emotion, passion, and artistry.
Readers, Writers, Non-Readers and Me I am humbled. A note from a stranger whose life I have influenced means as much, if not more, than the same honor from a friend. Across space and time, with nothing more than words, it turns out to be possible to change the world at least a bit.
Odilon Redon Goes On View In Switzerland, Remains As Dreamy As Ever Redon's exhibition runs until May 18 at Fondation Beyeler in Switzerland. Le Cube, 1880 Vase au guerrier japonais, ca. 1905
Artist Transforms Ordinary Objects Into Ghostly,Two-Dimensional Versions Of Themselves Aside from giving the collection of rejected objects an artistic afterlife, Greig's artworks challenge us to readdress our
Photographer Travels The World Documenting Children's Wildest Dreams Stewardess -- Iceland Harry Potter -- India Engineer and Architect -- India Businessman -- India Hunter -- Greenland Airport
Kindly Allow This Abstraction Of Google Earth To Blow Your Mind The Color Project at IFP Media Center from MPC Digital on Vimeo. Simultaneously displaying the uniqueness of each place and
What Makes a Jackson Pollock Painting Worth Millions? It strikes me as ironic that an artist we value for his rebelliousness and innovation has now become a figure that is somehow
Russia Today It's hard to put into words what it's like to witness Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812 in person. You're sort of crashing the party just by turning up on their set. Don't expect anything you've ever seen before.
The 39 Steps, The Norris Center for the Performing Arts, Rolling Hills Estates Directed by Ken Parks for the Norris Center for the Performing Arts, The 39 Steps adapted by Patrick Barlow and based on the novel by John Buchan and the eponymous movie by Alfred Hitchcock, presents an incredibly staged story of love and espionage.
Steve Fromholz -- A Guest In My Heart Recently in Ft. McKavett, Texas, I joined a large group of family and friends for the burial and farewell to the late, great Steven Fromholz, legendary Texas singer and songwriter, husband, father, grandfather, friend, river boatman, sometime golfer and fulltime lover of life.
Artists Create Mesmerizing Miniature Worlds, All Within The Confines Of A Fish Tank The following images come to us courtesy of the Russian and Eastern European artists who competed in last year's Planted
A Ballet For The Children, With Enough Joy For The Whole Family Before Alice (Elena Zahlmann) burst out of her dollhouse, kids in the audience were encouraged to work through a series of
Artist Creates Enchanted Specimens From Vintage Materials A self-trained textile artist who goes by the name of Mister Finch has crafted a miniature world of flora and fauna that
The Weird and Wonderful World of Animal Shows Photographer Amy Lombard grew up in a house filled with pets and has always loved animals. After finishing a series on IKEA
Eyes as Big as Plates, the 'Sublime Elsewheres' \u00a9 Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen \u00a9 Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen All images are courtesy and copyright of Karoline
Keep the Frames You must be getting a lot of well-meaning advice right now, and I hope you won't mind if I offer you a few tips to aid you in your success. My advice is meant both to be helpful, but also to make you smile.
LA Art Show-Stoppers It's clear the LA Art Show, now in its 19th year, is no ordinary art fair, which in the last few years has drawn the attention and participation from major, celebrated galleries like Ace Gallery. Once inside the exhibition area, it's necessary to have a pathway map to guide you intelligently and efficiently to the areas you want to explore.
The Monuments Men The story of the \Monuments Men\ is fascinating and truly deserving of the attention it will garner through this film. Irene Rawlings calls it \the greatest treasure hunt in history.\
Tackling Torture Video Contest Finalists Announced -- Jury and Audience Voting Begins The Tackling Torture Video Contest has chosen eight finalists for its first competition. The five Serious video finalists
'A Picasso,' Promenade Playhouse, Santa Monica Jeffrey Hatcher's \A Picasso\ begins as Miss Fischer (Natalia Lazarus), a Nazi cultural attach\u00e9 (how's that for an oxymoron?), interrogates Pablo Picasso (Vincent Lappas) in an underground vault in Paris in 1941.
OMG It's A Box Full Of Money! Hey, Wait A Second ... Visit Randall Rosenthal's website to see more of his incredible sculptures. An artist based in Long Island, N.Y., Rosenthal
Clever Self-Portrait Series Presents The Many Shades Of Feminine Beauty Ill-informed beauty standards have never felt so heavy, no? For images, check out Calypso's website here. \I draw upon personal
Romantic Conspiracies Last fall, the San Francisco Opera presented new productions of two of the operatic art form's greatest works. Each is a rollicking comedy in which young love triumphs over extremely vain and selfish elders who claim to have the ingenue's best interest at heart.
Artist Transforms The City Of Chicago Into A Giant Typography Playground Cast in noir-style darkness, the minimalist letters radiate an ominous and powerful air, showcasing their power to stand
Watch All 156 Episodes Of \The Twilight Zone,\ Right Here, Right Now, At The Same Time As you may have suspected, watching all 156 episodes of \The Twilight Zone\ is a supremely trippy experience. See for yourself
Carrie Mae Weems Explores Inequalities Embedded In Artistic Institutions Most of us who have ever wandered the halls of an art museum have felt the uncanny power of experiencing a multitude of voices
'The Shawati' Interviews' One man who has been working extensively in both Doha and Abu Dhabi is Palestinian filmmaker Scandar Copti. I caught up with the filmmaker to interview him for my piece on cinema in the Gulf featured in Shawati' Abu Dhabi.
Curses! Foiled Again! From The Mummy's Curse to The Curse of the Werewolf, from the tale of King Midas to the legend of Sleeping Beauty, literature is filled with curses.
Calling All Book Nerds The 1654 work of art by Carel Fabritius -- a character, of sorts, in Tartt's 2013 release -- is on view at the Frick Collection
When Barcodes Become The Basis For Contemporary Art What if the barcode on your favorite cereal box could be transformed into a glitched-out, abstract artwork, dripping with
David LaChapelle on the ImageBlog Still Life
Finding God In A Maximum Security Prison That trip was the beginning of a 2\u00bd-year project for Levy that ultimately took him to six maximum-security prisons and one
Photographer Captures Surreal Visions Of People Walking On Their Hands \The main idea was to illustrate the French expression 'marcher sur la t\u00eate' -- to act foolishly, to go against common sense
A Star Is Torn Two new productions look at artists in the midst of their creative process as they work on honing their craft. In each case, the audience watches an individual follow an uncharted path.
Luciana Souza She's a vocalist who once said \each phrase for me has a certain gestalt\ and she invites you to savor both the notes and the spaces between them. Souza is spectacular in a Jo\u00e3o Gilberto kind of way -- you have to listen attentively to fully appreciate all the nuances.
Art And Science Have Never Looked So Good Together Beatriz Monteavaro Beatriz Monteavaro The far-out exhibition is comprised of two parts, Beatriz Monteavaro's \Ouroboros\ and
First Nighter Burstein scored so consistently that an observer might be excused for wondering whether--after having been handed Beane's
The 12 Weirdest And Rarest Items On The Auction Block Last Year Want to know the going rate for a Sickle-Leaf Persian rug from the early 17th century? The answer would be $33.7 million
Documenting A Way Of Life Along The River Gambia By Alyssa Coppelman Jason Florio\u2019s travels around the Republic of the Gambia read like tales of adventure from centuries
George Sluizer and River Phoenix Leaving \Dark Blood\ in the RED, filming shut down and the insurance company took over, thinking that they would be able to get the money back from Phoenix's estate within a few weeks.
The Conscience of the King Tony Scherman is a painter's painter, because other painters who paint with a seriousness of purpose immediately recognize in his distinctive work a high command of skill, idiosyncratic maturity, captivating inventiveness, and an obvious love of picture-making.
This Is What Happens When You Combine The Simpsons With An Erotic Photographer (NSFW) We're not sure if either Newton fans or Simpsons fans will feel comfortable with this unorthodox union, but there is something
Rachel Hovnanian on the ImageBlog Fake Flowers
Patricia Terrell-O'Neal on the ImageBlog Title
Michael Hafftka on the ImageBlog \Growing Pains\ 16 in. X 36 in. (triptych 16 in. X 12 in. ea.) oil on canvas 2010 http://www.hafftka.com
Launching the Dicterow-DeMaine-Biegel Piano Trio In the world of Classical music, one of the most exciting developments of 2013 is pianist Jeffrey Biegel's very recent announcement of the formation of a new piano trio consisting of himself, violinist Glenn Dicterow and cellist Robert DeMaine.
In Search of Fresh Holiday Fare For some theatre companies, the challenge of the holiday season is to find a way to make an old story seem relevant to contemporary audiences. Two of 2013's Bay area productions (based on classic pieces of literature) offered audiences an unintentional opportunity to do just that.
Mark Allen Inside a suburban Kansas City Wal-Mart on Black Friday 2013, (the so-called inaugural holiday shopping season immediately following Thanksgiving) artist Mark Allen zips himself inside one of his custom body bags and plays dead. Allen gets the reaction he expects.
Sanjay Theodore on the ImageBlog All photographs variable size taken 2011-2012
The Top 10 Arts Stories Of 2013 4. James Turrell Lights Up Light artist and cosmic Santa Claus James Turrell cast a glowing light over the art world this
These 'Human' Sculptures Are Enough To Make Your Skin Crawl Clock, 2009, Mixed Media, 4cm x 2.5cm x 18cm Artists are often eager to push the boundary between perceptions of the beautiful
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog Colorado Sunset Series. Summer 2011.
Woody Allen Is Zhenya Gershman's 'Sunny Side Up' Woody Allen's films have global meaning across many generations. As an artist his work has personal resonance. In most of his films art is treated with reverence alongside the main characters.
Sculptor Louise Bourgeois Would Turn 102 If She Were Alive Today Bourgeois, born in Paris in 1911, began studying art in her twenties while enrolled at the renowned French academic institution
Gregory Euclide on the ImageBlog WITH MY DISTANCE REACHING TOWARD THE BLANKET EMBRACING OF YOUR ADVANCE \u2022 CATEGORIES
The 10 Most Unorthodox Artistic Depictions Of Jesus May we humbly present our Christmas gift to you, our 10 favorite unorthodox depictions of JC himself. The following collection
The 12 Most Talented And Tiny Child Prodigies Of 2013 6. Umi Garrett, 13 years old NC Child Prodigy Suffers from Debilitating Disease Nigerian photographer Onafujiri \Fuji\ Remet
'Eyes Wide Open, an Afghan Journey' \My pictures show great devastation, but also many cheerful faces, especially those of children at schools. The reconstruction of many schools, above all, seems to give hope to the Afghan people.\
Finding Freedom in Poetry Writing poetry for me is a way to recapture some of the independence I've lost... albeit virtually, by enabling me to fly freely here and there by way of my mighty pen... and through that journey, blow off a little steam.
Stage Door The scathingly funny actress brings her latest cabaret act to Joe's Pub in Hebe For The Holiday. Hanukkah came early this year, but her stand-up, which relies on dark, child-hating humor, hits in time to end the year with a zetz.
Caught Off Guard It doesn't happen often, but on those rare and blessed occasions when it does, oddball works of art give a person multiple reasons to be grateful. These are situations in which one's expectations (large or small) are completely upended.
MOCA's Art + Comedy Night Leaves Us Laughing, Sort Of Freaked Out The evening's main act was the premiere of \Ambiance Man,\ a comedy series by Alix Lambert featuring Fred Armisen, Jack Black
Artist Profile When Jesus Max made the transition to move out West, he was already thirty-seven, he didn't speak English, and he didn't drive or have a driver's license, but he was determined to learn and grow.
For the Holidays As an multidisciplinary artist and teaching artist, the unique gift I can give myself and others is the opportunity to create something through artistic expression. But, we all, as humans, have the power in us to do the same. Why?
Dancing in the Streets In addition to offering a host of new songs to go alongside the nostalgia, the show gives a wonderful glimpse into the ups and downs of Berry Gordy's quest to make this \black music\ transcend and be accepted by audiences of all races, ages, and locations.
Star Warhols Is The Nerdy Pop Art Mashup You've Been Waiting For A (not so) long time ago, in a galaxy (not so) far, far away, one revolutionary artist decided to collapse the distinction
Giant Wooden Skyscraper Wins International Architecture Competition C.F. M\u00f8ller's Wooden Skyscraper Wins International Competition originally appeared on ArchDaily, the most visited architecture
Women on the Verge of a Psychotic Episode Two women, performing on opposite sides of the wall this fall, delivered monologues that were radically different in their displays of physical energy. Each dealt with some of the more curious aspects of being an introvert.
First Nighter Even before the piece proper begins, Wilson sends out three sleek Dobermans to gallivant among fake cardinals scattered on
Infrared Photos Transform Nepalese Landscape Into Psychedelic Wonderland We expect that if you captured the beauty of the Nepalese landscape through a snap of the camera, the results would be nothing
'LATINO/US Cotidiano,' an Exhibition of Photographers of Latino Descent Demographers quantify the growing Latino presence in the United States but the 12 photographers in LATINO/US Cotidiano, curated by Claudi Carreras for the Museum of Latin American Art, qualify it.
Step Inside Roger Ballen's Asylum Of The Birds Do you feel like the rise of digital photography and Instagram is negatively shaping the future of photography? Birds in
Dreamy Paintings Capture The Dark Realities Of Climate Change Longstreth's color palette is restrained -- ranging from white to green to brown to blue and back again. With carefully placed
13 Ways to Make Money From Your Songs With all of the different ways your compositions can be used in both industry models, there's a good chance your songs are generating money you're not even aware of, which means you're missing out on collecting your money.
These Photos Of Faces Hiding In Everyday Life Are Your New Favorite Twitter Addiction 13. This horrified audio set-up. 1. This frightened bottle opener. 9. This contented boat. 8. This agitated car interior
7 Contemporary Russian And Eastern European Artists You Should Know A woman looks at a painting on the so called East Side Gallery featuring the famous kiss between then Soviet leader Leonid
The Ridiculous Man Caves Of Australian Bros In rural Australia, a man\u2019s shed is his kingdom. It\u2019s a place to drink, hang out with his buddies, work on his car, or do
Reverse-Engineering A Genius (Has A Vermeer Mystery Been Solved?) David Hockney and others have speculated\u2014controversially\u2014that a camera obscura could have helped the Dutch painter Vermeer
Punk Icon Kathleen Hanna Brings Riot Grrl Back To The Spotlight Yup. No, absolutely not! I think it's the same way Ian MacKaye felt about straight edge. He was just writing shit in his
You Thought A Rubik's Cube Was Hard? Check Out This Rubik's Building Puzzle Facade from Javier Lloret on Vimeo. We can't decide if we're fascinated or horrified at the prospect of the urban
The Most Breathtaking Photos From Around The World This Week Indian fishermen move boats away from the coast following a cyclone warning in Puri, 67 kilometers (42 miles) away from the
In The Shadow Of The Holocaust ONE day Hollywood will spin its yarns around Cornelius Gurlitt, the eccentric 80-year-old recluse who lived quietly for decades
Gingerbread Art Museums by Caitlin Levin and Henry Hargreaves Recently completed for display at Dylan\u2019s Candy Bar during Art Basel Miami, these towering architectural creations of the
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog From Sky Landscape Series. Ongoing project. Air planes shot at a low exposure crisscrossing the sky.
Stage Door Dickens, a fierce critic of the Victorian class system and the treatment of the poor, marries social realism to sentimentality here. It succeeds in this crisp rendition because Scrooge's ethical awakening isn't forced.
Jacob Hashimoto on the ImageBlog Superabundant Atmosphere / Infinite Expanse of Sky, 2008 Paper, silk, wood, nylon Installation view Courtesy Studio la Citt\u00e0
Christie's Tired To Sell The Proclamation That Established Thanksgiving, Signed By George Washington Now therefore do I recommend and assign Thursday the 26th day of November next to be devoted by the People of these States
This Infinite Staircase Will Make You Believe In Miracles Art On a good day, art can be a portal to another dimension. On a great day, it's a staircase to nowhere. Meet \Diminish and
Expanding the Grid Barry Nemett's recent paintings and drawings are a testament to a lifetime of uncompromised practice and ceaseless development.
Stage Door The travails of Bernie Madoff's family illicit little sympathy from angry, destroyed investors, but first-time playwright Amanda Peet has used it as the backdrop for The Commons of Pensacola
First Nighter The new cast of Eugene Onegin, the season opener at the Met, has weighed in.  Turns out -- hooray! -- they're a troupe of heavyweights, especially as conducted by debuting Alexander Vedernikov, who appears to have Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky deeply embedded in his DNA.
John F. Kennedy and Poetry Kennedy thought highly of poetry's wisdom and of its ability to reset a perspective warped by power and politics.
Norman Rockwell's 'Saying Grace' Turns 62 Today Color Study for \u201cNorman Rockwell Visits a Country School,\u201d 1946 The Gossips The now iconic image is heading to Sotheby's
Olek on the ImageBlog I Love The Shit Out of You, crocheted acrylic yarn and metallic ribbons on canvas, by Olek
Doug Argue on the ImageBlog Prehistory, 35 x 47 in., Oil/Linen, 2010-2011, dougargue.com, edelmanarts.com
700 Hot Air Balloons. One Mind Blowing Time Lapse Video. If we had to guess, we'd suspect watching 700 hot air balloons float into the sunrise would be quite a sight to behold. But
82nd & Fifth The Met was originally a self-contained structure in Central Park. The addition of the Great Hall reoriented the building
82nd & Fifth Curator Rebecca Rabinow was awestruck when she discovered Matisse's illustrated book Jazz, which depicts subjects ranging
To Be Young, Gifted and a Classical Musician Some writers like to reflect on modern history from the distance of a decade or a generation. Others prefer 25 or 50 years as appropriate reference points. Very few stop to think about how our lives have changed over the most recent third of a century.
82nd & Fifth A highly trained engraver as well as a poet and a visionary, William Blake worked out of the mainstream. \He believed he
82nd & Fifth Shitao was a monk for some forty years; he then went on to seek fame and fortune as a painter in Beijing. \This is a guy
82nd & Fifth Robert Rauschenberg used discarded printing plates from The New York Times to create this work, which he began in 1962. \It's
82nd & Fifth Nose ornaments, which fit over the mouth, were fashionable with high-level men in the ancient Americas for hundreds of years
82nd & Fifth It took three brothers ranging in age from about fourteen to twenty some four years to illuminate this exquisite work. \In
Catching Up With Mansun's Paul Draper Draper was kind enough to speak with me detailing everything about The Anchoress, an L.A. rapper also called Mansun and the real story behind his mysterious solo album.
An Interview With Photographer Leonard Nimoy \It's liberating for me. I don't have to perform -- don't have to take on other identities. It's using a different part of my creative process, which I enjoy. It's refreshing.\
On the \A\ w/Souleo Stax Records was more than a music machine releasing hits by the likes of Otis Redding and The Staple Singers.
The Anonymous World Of Quilting, Viewed Through The Eyes Of A Feminist Star of Bethlehem Quilt, circa 1830, Cotton, 95 x 95 \u00bd in. (241.3 x 242.6 cm), Brooklyn Museum, Gift of Alice Bauer Frankenberg
Val Britton on the ImageBlog Outlier Medium
Reflections on Eddie Peake's Performa 13 Commission On Thursday, I had the pleasure of seeing Eddie Peake's Performa 13 Commission, Endymion, at the Swiss Institute. I had to
This Is How You Turn A Single Tissue Into An Entire Zoo The video above begins with a tissue --- commonly known for receiving the sorry end of a sneeze -- and ends with the most
In Santa Barbara The Santa Barbara Museum of Art is currently presenting Delacroix and the Matter of Finish featuring 27 paintings and 18 works on paper
Miyoshi Barosh on the ImageBlog Landscape with Added Surprise and Impact #1, 2013, ink-jet print on fabric, acrylic paint, and bleach, 6 \u00bd x 10 inches. Part
Why I Love Talkbacks and Why You Should Too There are those who think poorly of talkbacks. They think theater, in many ways an ephemeral art, is to be experienced, not analyzed. This is the same argument made by those who think you shouldn't hold poetry interpretation classes.
These Dazzling Blinged Out Skulls Will Leave You Yearning For The Afterlife That time is no longer, thanks to an intoxicating photo series by Los Angeles based art historian Dr. Paul Koudounaris. Koudounaris
In Praise of Musical Intelligence I'm old fashioned. I have deep respect and undying love for great songs. Some of them were written for Broadway shows; others to be performed at parties and in nightclubs. Some became popular over the radio or because they were included in beloved movie musicals.
15 Remarkable Colorized Photos Will Let You Relive History Colorized by Jordan J Lloyd 14. Charlie Chaplin in 1916, at the beautiful age of 27. Colorized by Mads Madsen 7. The tragic
Verdi's Egypt Today, Egypt is troubled. As my country becomes more politically polarized, sectarian violence continues to rock its society.
First Nighter If you know William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream and Julie Taymor's several publicity-nabbing productions -- many theater-goers are quite familiar with both -- then you kind of know what to expect when the latter Taymor takes on the former Shakespeare's comedy of love confused.
10 Hyperrealistic Paintings That Will Forever Pervert Your View Of Art History (NSFW) \How can I introduce this idea of introducing the invisible foreground?\ he recalled. \How can I include the viewer in the
Mesmerizing Photos From The Largest Spiritualist Community In The World She certainly wasn\u2019t the first photographer to do this, as spiritualism and spiritualist photography have long been connected
Discovering Muslim Women in Six Words If you had to write your entire life's story in six words, what would those six words be?
Wangechi Mutu on the ImageBlog Sit squat siamese, 2012. Collage on linoleum, 25.75 x 23.75 inches. Image courtesy of the Artist and Susanne Vielmetter Los
Doug Argue on the ImageBlog Isotropic (Detail), 9.5 x 13.5 ft., Oil/Canvas, 2009-2013, dougargue.com, edelmanarts.com
Americana in Revival Bay area audiences recently had an opportunity to experience revivals of two celebrated works which, several decades after their world premieres, seem to have lost some of their appeal. Though something was missing at the core of each show.
Really Got a Hold on His Dreams Charl Brown had to postpone his birthday trip by a few days because he had to audition once again for the role of Smokey Robinson in Motown
From the Boardroom to the Gallery, Women Shut Out In Gagosian Gallery's new exhibition, \The Show Is Over,\ of the 35 artists featured, just one is female; a staggering reminder of how much work there is left to be done in furthering gender equity within the arts.
Stunning Vintage Photos Of Traveller's Children In 1980s London This was the subject of Colin O'Brien's photography series, entitled \Traveller\u2019s Children in London Fields.\ The photos
'Calvin And Hobbes' Animated Short Makes Everything Right In The World (Hat tip, MSN) Describing his homage as a \fan interpretation of Calvin and Hobbes' dance moves, made for fun and no money
Artist Tackles Beijing's Smog Problem With A Giant Vacuum Cleaner Artist, environmentalist and dreamer par excellence Roosegaarde aptly titled his fantastical system \Smog.\ Smog will employ
Lou Reed Lou Reed is with us always. It was a privilege to be his friend.
Stage Door A Mind-Bending Evening of Beckett distills human experience to its most elemental
Moscow Maelstrom The 5th Moscow Biennale, which closed October 20, saw Political Correctness rear its head beneath the Kremlin walls as feminist Belgian curator Catherine de Zegher turned the swanky Man\u00e8ge exhibition center into a Global Bazaar.
Somali Pirate Movies Take Hollywood Of course, what he calls \movieness\ still pervades Hollywood depictions of real-world events. \Captain Phillips\ has been
Humiliation, Family Style As everyone knows, the 1960s was a time of great civil unrest, a subculture embracing hallucinogenic drugs, exuberant celebrations of free love and new music. However, at 1750 Stuart Street in Brooklyn, sounds of celebration and joy were few and far between.
The Most Amazing (Unknown) Buildings In the World Another trend in \u201cforgotten architecture\u201d is for Eastern European landmarks, whose history is heavily affected by the area\u2019s
1,000 Epic Shipwreck Photos Reveal The Dangerous History Of Life At Sea Admittedly, it's difficult to accurately frame the dynamic intensity of a crashing wave, but one family of 19th century photojournalists
Meet Franksy, Banksy's Biggest (Canine) Fan If you've roamed the internet at all in the past month, you almost surely know who Banksy is and probably know who Hanksy
Christopher Colville on the ImageBlog Untitled W.O.F .04-08-13 8.5x 6 5/8. Unique gunpowder generated silver gelatin print, 2013. I am excited to share these new
Paula Modersohn-Becker Paula Modersohn-Becker
Totem, Cirque du Soleil, San Pedro, CA If you could amend the Nobel Prize charter to consolidate all the individual awards into one, Cirque du Soleil's \Totem,\ written and directed by Robert Lepage, at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro would be the first, if not only, recipient.
Do Ho Suh Turns Household Appliances Into Ghostly Specimens Through his works, Suh envisions the home as a site for the uncanny to grow and play, mirroring the unsettling middle ground
Why Kansas City Swing Means So Much to Me He was famous among black fans who watched him play and white fans who would read about him in the paper. When he finally was called into the major leagues in his forties, by far the oldest rookie ever, he said this
These Artists Were Brought to You By the Letter \C\ As I struggled to find a link for two reviews, I noticed that two words which kept coming to mind shared the same first two letters (\C\ and \H\). So I decided to look them both up on Wikipedia. The results were fascinating
14 New, Must-See Public Artworks Across the Globe On the eve of her 100th birthday (November 21), the renowned Japan-born Brazil-based artist Tomie Ohtake just launched a
Artist Hetain Patel Turns Old Ford Into Transformer (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Patel and his dad stand in front of the completed Transformer. \My first car was a 1988 Ford Fiesta gifted to me by my father
Alex Solis' \u00dcber-Creative Instagram Makes Us Feel Bad About Our Own Instagrams You thought your filtered selfies were artsy? Wait until you see the quirky brilliance that lives and breathes on the Instagram
Stage Door Tennessee Williams turned his life into art. The blueprint for his family travails, The Glass Menagerie, put him on the theatrical map in 1944, creating indelible characters. His \memory play,\ in its latest Broadway revival at the Booth Theater, is stunning.
Is Music The Key To Success? - NYTimes.com CONDOLEEZZA RICE trained to be a concert pianist. Alan Greenspan, former chairman of the Federal Reserve, was a professional
20 Famous Architects Design Doll Houses For Kids AMODELS. Image Courtesy of A Dolls Mae. Image Courtesy of A Dolls Dolls\u2019 House Designs for KIDS Unveiled originally appeared
First Nighter Looking over the relatively lighter crowd coursing into the first revival of Benjamin Britten's Midsummer Night's Dream at
7 Out Of Control Lego Sculptures That Will Leave You Speechless 3. The DJ Turntables DJ Console (2007) \u00a9 Kevin Guoh 1. The Terrifying Fortune Demon The Fortune Demon (2012) \u00a9 Mihai Marius
Bold Exhibition Explores Man Ray's Other Passion, Printmaking Behold, the best proof out there that Man Ray was as much a painter and printmaker as he was a photographer. Enjoy. Poire
May the Lord Take a Liken To You, North By South Theatre Los Angeles, Glendale, CA May the Lord Take a Liken To You describes a story of martyrs to causes, of following leaders because they're charismatic but whose motives, upon closer inspection, are not pristine
Agents of Change The 2013 San Francisco Jewish Film Festival included documentaries about two men with as much chutzpah as blood flowing through their veins. While not an international celebrity, each is a heroic figure in his own right.
Angel of Peace Award Granted for Extreme Good I am Founder of the Peace Angels Project whose sole function is to melt down weapons indigenous to a region, and create Peace Angel monuments to strengthen the power of place.
Character Assassin, Act Out Mystery Theatre, Long Beach, CA Don't play with your food. That's our what parents used to say. Perhaps they'd be a little more obliging if they could see Act Out Mystery Theatre's Character Assassin, staged at the Reef Restaurant.
A Stunning (Color Coordinated) Photo Journey Through Kenya Normally we'd expect a photographic documentation of a foreign country to take us on of people, places and things. The nouns
Impossible Dreams While it's possible that those who aspire to less enjoy life more, I have no doubt that every generation of humanity has had its ass kicked by reality.
Alchemy and Star Stuff According to Lovitz himself, the interconnectedness of all things in the universe, and the notion that we are all made of cosmic dust, inspire much of his creative activity.
'Modern Nature' Exhibit Explores Georgia O'Keeffe's Love Affair With The Adirondacks Georgia O\u2019Keeffe, Petunia No. 2, 1924. Oil on canvas, 36 x 30. Georgia O\u2019Keeffe Museum. Gift of The Burnett Foundation and
First Nighter Massive Attack, by the way, was seen from time to time when the three screens at the end of the hall were backlit. (There
New Exhibition Explores Andy Warhol's Relationship With Books A new exhibition titled \Reading Andy Warhol\ is out to explore the still mysterious relationship between the image-obsessed
'K-Surrogates' Examines Femininity In Contemporary Korea \K-Surrogates,\ co-curated by Gary Krimershmoys and Jieun Seo, runs fro September 26 until November 9, 2013 at (Art) AMALGAMATED
Damaged Goods While popular mythology might suggest that most gay men are handsome, buff, financially secure and enjoy active social lives, that's not always the case.
U-Melt Rides Again Last Saturday, the New York based improvisational-progressive band, U-Melt, played their first show in nearly three years to a packed house at the Brooklyn Bowl in Williamsburg.
A Shattered 'Glass Menagerie' Is there anyone who pretends to know anything about the theatre who has not seen or read The Glass Menagerie?  It's the production that counts, and there have been entirely too many to count.
NYFF Guide, Week 1 As the festival opens Friday with the premiere of Captain Phillips, starring Tom Hanks, ARTINFO has chosen its top five films to see in the first week of the festival.
First Riot Grrrl Exhibition Explores The Lasting Impact Of The Punk Feminist Movement The Riot Grrrl movement exploded in the 1990s, bringing feminist perspectives to the forefront of punk culture. Using zines
Photographer Captures The Monopoly Properties In Real Life h/t Petapixel It's always nice to know where your money's going, even if that money is fictional paper bills used in the
Art as Response to Attacks on LGBT Rights in Russia on the Eve of the Sochi Olympics Against the backdrop of increasing, institutionalized homophobia in Russia, I looked for positive and realistic images of LGBT Russians. As a photography historian and film curator, I am aware of the potency of visual representation -- the affirming power of self-representation in particular.
Kubrick's 2001 I imagine it's been a long time since the New York Philharmonic played with so much chatter going on in the audience. But the screening of 2001
Strange And Beautiful Hunting Rituals From Around The World Rozendaal embarked on the project in 2009 and expects to continue until 2015, traveling the world and documenting the rituals
Artists Bring Giant LED Sun To Darkest Parts Of The World Norwegian artists Lisa Pacini and Christine Istad are on a seemingly impossible mission to bring sunlight to the parts of
The Devil Is in the Details The moment in which a critical truth is revealed needs to be carefully placed for maximum impact. Several shorts presented this year by Frameline 37 and Theatre Rhinoceros show how the \reveal\ may be acutely ironic and come out of left field.
Facebook as an Artistic Platform Her Wall's back-story, part of which is included below, explains not just her shared, almost-daily paintings but the transformation in her approach to art as well.
Deliciously Bizarre Cartoons Turn Puppies Into Bros, Frogs Into Nerds Here's an illustrator you and your awesome third grade neighbor can both appreciate. Andrew Ho's colorful portrayals of the
Fall Art Exhibitions 2013 It's that time of year, art lovers. Winds are blowing, leaves are crunching and the streets are buzzing with talk of the
Poster Boy As those of you know from reading my observations on creativity, I have certainly penned plenty of film and book reviews, which often supplement my standard fare of art essays about talented artists that I admire.
Artist Creates Perfect Illustrations For Roald Dahl's Wonderfully Dark Tales Before your foray into adult literature, your imagination was likely visited from time to time by Roald Dahl's colorful and
\That Which MIght Have Been, Birmingham, 1963\  September 15, 1963. A car travels North from Valle de Bravo, Mexico toward the border of Laredo, Texas. Artist John Henry Waddell, age 42, and his family have spent the past two and half years living in Mexico.
First Nighter David Staller is likely the current world authority on George Bernard Shaw. For quite some time, under the auspices of the
Equus at the Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre A troubled teenager blinds three horses in a stable. A prosecutor plea-bargains treatment for jail time by calling in a favor with a child psychologist. At the end, both men undergo a catharsis. For the patient, presumably, it's a breakthrough. For the doctor, we're not so sure.
13 Miniatures Bravely Exploring The Great (Big) Outdoors In his series entitled \Un Petite Monde,\ Moses captures natural scenes that would make life size humans feel small, toying
Who Wore It Better Ford then juxtaposes each image with a close-up shot of a clothing item, illuminating the unexpected patterns that emerge
Bed, Betrayal and Beyond Two recent productions brought the rights of women into sharp focus by showing audiences societies in which women had little or no rights.
Andrew Brandmeyer For me, his most impactful and thought-provoking work is that which revolves around his devotions
Has The Art World's Enfant Terrible Bjarne Melgaard Kept His Edge? The Norwegian creative force, the art world's equivalent of the Energizer Bunny, has been on an art-making rampage the last
Best of Toronto 2013 In her latest project My Love Awaits Me by the Sea, Palestinian filmmaker Mais Darwazah decides to fall in love, and through that love, show the homeland she also discovers for the first time.
Girls Gone Wild Bad behavior fueled by a toxic combination of narcissism, neediness, and alcoholism lie at the core of Halley Feiffer and Ryan Spahn's new movie, He's Way More Famous Than You.
Liz Glynn On Building A Cosmological Yurt For Doug Aitken's Art Train Though Glynn will be operating in this tightly confined space (\The yurt was a little challenging to be honest,\ she says
Doug Aitken's Nomadic Extravaganza 'Station To Station' Kicks Off Moving images were provided by the masters of the field, including Ryan Trecartin, Yayoi Kusama, Kenneth Anger, Raymond Pettibon
Hyperrealist Artist Painted Eyes Until He Got Really, Really Good At It \u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200bForget the old saying \the eyes are the window to the soul.\ In Simon Hennessey's hyperrealistic paintings
Meet Julia Margaret Cameron, The Victorian Queen Of Contemporary Photography Philip Stanhope Worsley Alfred Lord Tennyson Cameron was 48 years old when she obtained her first camera, given to her as
At the Zoo, Dreaming of Home Berry grew up riding and training horses and has always loved animals, but doing the series made her more attuned to issues
Astounding Personal Shots of Hurricane Sandy As the one-year anniversary of Hurricane Sandy approaches, New Yorkers are starting to reflect anew on the disaster and its
Guy Diehl This refined look of my work has always been there, even as a kid I drew things to look real. My dyslexia and the anxiety of what I was going to do with my life, pointed me in the direction of realism. At the same time, (the mid 60s) photorealism was taking hold as an art movement.
Trippy Fractals Capture The Kaleidoscopic Beauty Of Architecture Vancouver-based photographer Cory Stevens does just this, cleverly arranging snapshots of ceilings, walls, windows and cupolas
High Line-Inspired Park Could Be Coming To Queens (Read original story here) By Barbara Porada Susannah Drake,\u00a0principal of\u00a0Dlandstudio, stated
Gorgeous Black-And-White Storm Photos Will Make You Feel Really, Really Small Dobrowner's \Storms\ will go on view from September 7 until October 26 at Kopeikin Gallery in Los Angeles. Through Dobrowner's
The 20 Best Ai Weiwei Selfies 1. The traditional \Selfie with Shadow.\ 19. The requisite \Selfie with a Gas Mask\ 20. \3D in 2D\ 13. \This Is Not A Pipe
Why Poetry Makes Sense Stephen Burt and I discussed the instructive and useful nature of poetry
Ghosts, Expo Arts Center, Long Beach Ghosts is neither supernatural nor scary. There are no chains that rattle in the middle of the night to scare the bejeezus out of the characters or the audience. In fact, it's almost unbearably human in its portrayal of the secrets behind a superficially respectable family.
Amazon Art - reverie arts - Peace Angels Project The Peace Angels Project is a work of Art. At its core it is a contemporary implementation of swords to plough shares. Using art, state of the art technology and media, the Peace Angels Project brings forward the concept of choice, to go to war or to create.
Rites of Passage Out of a total of 238 films, June's Frameline Film Festival included 82 features and 155 shorts from a total of 27 nations. Frameline 37 also included 14 first-time feature filmmakers. Among the films which show that \the kids are all right\ are the following.
Mapping in a Major and Minor Key Their fabrication is obsessive. Some of the pieces are dense
The Cosmos Through The Eyes Of Sci-Fi Film Directors Magrethea, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Beta Quadrant, Star Trek Scroll through the images below and let us know
The Daily Lives Of Wookiees, As Captured By Photographer Mako Miyamoto Miyamoto has been operating under the moniker Neon Werewolf for two-and-a-half years now, and is drawn to the visage of the
Catching Up with Jordan Rudess I recently sat down Jordan Rudess in Las Vegas before the Vegas Rocks! show. Yes, Rudess is primarily known as the multi
Dana Schutz Paints The Most Beautiful Awkward Moments You've Ever Seen I feel very free in that way; I love the feeling of physically working on the painting and wiping it out and then starting
Anna Craycroft C'mon Language is a project that was designed to include the public in my private process of play and discovery. I have created an exhibition that is a public meeting place, inviting guests and audiences to explore these inquiries with me.
Everyday Household Items Transformed Into Dazzling Visual Landscapes Hangers Finding inspiration in the bottom of desk drawers and kitchen cabinets, Albertson turns household materials into
Just Relax and Enjoy It A series of shorts that were screened at the recent Frameline 37 Film Festival revealed thrilling combinations of imagination and technique. Some were animated, some were not. What each film boasted, however, was an abundance of fantastical possibilities.
A Behind the Scenes Look Into Putting an Exhibit Together Putting together an exhibit is, frankly, an exhaustive and exhausting undertaking.  Creating the body of work, selecting a theme (or thread) -- so many little things go into making the final exhibit.
These Grotesque, Dreamlike Portraits Are Gonna Stick With You Check out some stills from the video portraits below, best perused with a nightlight and blankie. \ PORTRAIT\ work in progress
What Would The Original Vamp Say To Her Therapist? How did this particular project come to be? Part of what I do is try to put the viewer off balance in some way. I am interested
An Interview with Taymour Grahne, on the Occasion of the Opening of His Gallery in New York A prominent collector of Middle Eastern and North African art as well as the creator of the wildly popular \Art of the Middle East\ blog, Taymour Grahne is about to open an eponymous gallery on September 7 in Tribeca.
The Empire Strikes You know that little game where corporations like Netflix, TiVo and Amazon.com try to \recommend\ products they think will appeal to you? That process is based on meticulously crafted algorithms that apply artificial intelligence to retail choices.
Generative Gatsby To be honest, the text is not so legible and it would be uncomfortable to read a novel in such way. It is more piece of art
Theatre of the Auto-Immune System Diseases have often provided great plot twists for stage and screen.
Get Excited, Walter White Fans, A 'Breaking Bad' Exhibit Is Open In NYC -Alanna Martinez, ARTINFO Like what you see? Sign up for ARTINFO's daily newsletter to get the latest on the market, emerging
Catadores at Picture This Gallery, Long Beach, CA There's an art to cigars
Musician Turns Ukulele Into A Hip-Hop Beat Machine Yes, we said it. This is probably the best ukulele video ever made. If you're thinking the claim is a bunch of hyperbolic
Talking with the Hitman Like many people, I am addicted to Breaking Bad, for my money the single greatest drama in the history of television. I recently
Knitted Bridge Will Be The Biggest Yarn-Bombing In The United States \Knit the Bridge celebrates the history of Pittsburgh as a city of bridges and steel as well as the region\u2019s thriving, contemporary
Chuck Close \This is our best show ever,\ exulted Guild Hall Executive Director Ruth Appelhof, repeating what she says every August, as
10 Of The Most Expensive Artworks On Amazon Art BONUS
Minimalist Vine Videos Behold
The Kitchen Witches, Little Fish Theatre \Kitchen Witches\ is a comfort food production, a human comedy of frailty, forgiveness, and letting bygones be bygones. It's like that Mason jar of sour dough starter you keep in the fridge for decades. Opened, it may smell like hell, but oh what wondrous creations it can make.
'Ravens & Writing Desks,' The Garage Theatre in Collision with Alive Theatre, Long Beach, CA Poor Alice (Tian Walker), the heroine of \Ravens & Writing Desks,\ written by Angela A. Lopez and Ryan McClary, directed by Lopez, and given its world premiere at The Garage Theatre in collision with Alive Theatre.
A Closer Look at Poe's Windfall Poem A handwritten, signed manuscript of \The Conqueror Worm,\ one of Edgar Allan Poe's most disturbing poems (and that's saying a lot), sold at auction for $300,000 last week, at 15 times its estimate. The poem is memorable for its strange and powerful allegorical frame and its brutal detail.
A Deep Melancholy That's Not Just Personal A couple of days ago I was in a deeply melancholic state because of various personal struggles, including health and financial issues and an ex-wife I still love, but it all is leavened with the sense that as one approaches the end of life, the world becomes a much more apocalyptical place.
Massive Rotating Skyscraper Is An Actual Design By Dynamic Architecture (VIDEO) Watch the video above and make your prediction regarding about the building's future in the comments. Did we mention there
Nan Goldin's Intimate Side On Display At QF Gallery (PHOTOS) Nan Goldin's upcoming exhibition, entitled \wish you were here,\ is the coolest memory album you never had. The show, dubbed
Marlene Dumas Birthday It wasn't until 1976 that Dumas was able to fully experience the global art world. That year, the artist won a two-year scholarship
Marcel Duchamp Birthday Readymades were found objects that Duchamp reclaimed as works of art. They began with a project called \Bicycle Wheel\ (1913
Vince Low Pays Homage To Famous Dyslexics With Realistic Scribble Sketches (PHOTOS) \We used well-known celebrities who were dyslexics to illustrate that dyslexia is not a curse, but a gift,\ Low said in an
Sunset Boulevard, Musical Theatre West The staging was monumental, the better to highlight Norma's megalomania and her fall from grace from a once luminous career.
The Body Is Absent In 'Antibody' (PHOTOS) The gallery explains how the exhibition offers up \the body in flux, extended, mediated, free of boundaries and full of possibilities
The Power of Three There is something magical about the power of three. Is it because of the geometrical sturdiness of a triangle? The ability of one person to pick up a story thread while the other two fade into the background? Or is it just a factor of good marketing?
Behold The Glory of '70s and '80s Jersey Shore (PHOTO) When he got out of the Army, Maloney eventually became a member of Light, the groundbreaking gallery in New York with a big
Artist Pablo Iranzo Creates Series Of Vomiting Musical Icons (Photos) What\u2019s better than seeing Bjork or Bruce Springsteen rocking out, and spewing puke all over themselves? One artist thinks
Geometric Sand Castles Like You've Never Seen Before (PHOTOS) \Once I begin building and forms take shape, I can start to see where things are going and either follow that road or attempt
James Turrell Artwork Found In Malibu Beach House According to the Wall Street Journal, Costen was exploring Turrell's LACMA retrospective when she first saw the light, so
Judy Chicago Birthday You have explored a wide range of media in your works, including artisan skills that tended to be more heavily associated
Barre None The last moment I would like to share has to do with the show I saw tonight. It is called \The Drowned Man\ by the same London
'Lost Utopias' Kickstarter Aims To Photograph Every World's Fair Site In North America (PHOTOS) To do so, she\u2019s launched a Kickstarter campaign
Water, Water, Everywhere Man has always had a love-hate relationship with salt water. How curious then, that San Francisco's recent DocFest should feature three documentaries (each with a different length and theme) which investigate man's relationship with the salt water in his life.
Bergen International Festival Celebrates the Old and Welcomes the New \The new is born in Bergen,\ said Anders Beyer, the director of the International Festival in the port city of Bergen, Norway. \The festival's become one of the most recognized and prominent cultural spaces for contemporary music.\
Michael Hafftka on the ImageBlog \u201cTrue\u201d 28 in. X 22 in. oil on canvas 2012 \u201cNew York has scarcely seen figure paintings of such unrelenting solemnity and
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog Abandoned building in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. New York city offers many possibilities for urban exploration. Abandoned buildings
Mickalene Thomas on the ImageBlog Monet\u2019s Salle a Manger Jaune, 2012 Rhinestones, acrylic, oil and enamel on wood panel 108 x 144 inches Courtesy of Mickalene
Edward Albee and Faith Ringgold at ArtHamptons in Its Sixth Installment At the VIP (polo) lounge set up at Nova's Ark, a Bridgehampton sculpture field, two giants went head to head
Shinique Smith on the ImageBlog SHINIQUE SMITH This Yellow Shell 2013 Clothing, fabric, bamboo, ribbon, rope and twine 65 x 15 1/2 x 12 in.
Mie Olise on the ImageBlog Watergame, 300x400 cm, acrylic on canvas, 2013
They Left Their Hearts in San Francisco Coming up at this month's San Francisco Jewish Film Festival is a wonderful new documentary entitled American Jerusalem which details the history of the Jews who helped to build San Francisco (from the days of the California Gold Rush and up to the 1915 Pan-Pacific International Exposition).
Vincent Kartheiser As Mr. Darcy Is that Pete Campbell? Gaze upon the new Jane Austen protagonist below. Can we talk about those mutton chops? Ashley Rose
My Secret Summer With Anna K. I have a dozen things I am supposed to be focusing on this summer, but for the past month, what have I snuck off to do whenever I have had a spare moment, like an addict looking for a fix? I am re-reading (for the third time) Anna Karenina.
Rescued Art To answer this question we turned to the king of thrift store art finds, Rodney Parrott. Head of the online organization
Amateur Singer Emma Robinson's Voice Naturally Sounds Auto-Tuned (VIDEO) \I don't even know how [to] use autotune, this was recorded on an iPad,\ Robinson said in the comments section of another
Brian Stokes Mitchell To Open 'Starry Summer Nights' Series At NYC's Town Hall Few people are as enthusiastic about the future of musical theater as Brian Stokes Mitchell. The Tony Award-winning actor
Marc Chagall Birthday In honor of Marc Chagall's birthday, we are revisiting a post originally published last year honoring the artist's life and
Gosia Wlodarczak's 'Room Without A View' Shows What Happens When An Artist Spends 17 Days In A Box (PHOTOS) \u201cThis project will be an experiment where I deliberately deny myself the complex stimuli of my senses, especially the sense
Dancing Till Dawn in Warsaw There's something shakin' in Poland these days. Musicians who are curious about their folk legacy (the real one) have been discovering its joys, and are passing that joy along to a whole new generation of young people. And they are dancing up a storm... to the Mazurka.
Teachable Moments Sometimes bad parenting kills people. No amount of input from a teacher can save a child who has not yet even learned how to read. Nor can it always prevent a child from being harmed by his parents' hyperreligiosity, laziness, substance abuse, tendency to commit acts of domestic violence and/or gun fetish.
Vigils, Long Beach Playhouse Studio Theatre, Long Beach A Widow's fireman husband (he's called Body) dies trying, without success, to rescue a Child trapped in a burning building. Instead of letting his Soul ascend to heaven, she keeps him in what looks like a coffin but is really a grandfather clock.
Jaime Rojo on the ImageBlog A construction crane and airplane approaching La Guardia airport in New York. The New York City sky landscape is always peppered
Brigitte Engler on the ImageBlog Are, ink on rives paper. 46\x20\ http://cnp-la.org/event/post-lahttp://cnp-la.org/event/post-la
Joshua Dildine on the ImageBlog In Good Company, 2012, acrylic and spray paint on photograph, 21\u2033x 24\
Post:Ballet's Playful New San Francisco Season Robert Dekkers couldn't abandon time altogether, but in field the present shifts he has relinquished the concepts of beginning and end. He chose a playful, elegant device, shaping his dancers' bodies into silhouettes of the letters in American Sign Language.
The Gospel of Mary Magdalene I've come away excited after many memorable evenings with San Francisco Opera, but perhaps not quite so much -- and certainly not in the same way -- as I did after seeing the world premiere of The Gospel of Mary Magdalene, with music and libretto by Mark Adamo.
Frida Kahlo Birthday Today marks the birth of Frida Kahlo, a Mexican artist celebrated for her dedication to indigenous tradition and female expression
Laura McPhee Laura McPhee walked me through her exhibit, River of No Return, at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. We discussed her life and the show's twenty-three mural sized chromogenic prints she photographed over several years in the ranch land and wilderness of central Idaho.
'The First Sounds Ever Heard on Earth' In June, Bernie and I had a wide-ranging conversation regarding our mutual interests in education, technology, and the artistic process. Specifically, we discussed his evolution as an avant-garde artist, as well as the human evolution as both listeners and music makers.
Barre None You can find Sara Mearns on twitter here
Joachim Seinfeld in the ImageBlog Neighbours \u2013 Berlin
James Williams III on the ImageBlog EJW1303, hay horse cattle, 2013, 24 \u00bd x 19 inches, enamel on paper, edition of 6 Courtesy of the artist and Envoy Enterprises
Pieter Hugo on the ImageBlog Pieter Hugo From the series Permanent Error Yakubu Al Hasan, Agbogbloshie Market, Accra, Ghana, 2009 Digital C-Print \u00a9 Pieter
Miyoshi Barosh in the ImageBlog Miyoshi Barosh, Love, 2007, repurposed afghans, acrylic yarn, black-and-white pom-poms, canvas, grommets, 8 x 10 ft, courtesy
Moving Image Welcome to \Moving Image,\ our slideshow of the best photos of the week from around the world. The following photos tell
Paco Pomet's Surreal Paintings Take Vintage Photography To The Next Level (PHOTOS) \Humor is very important,\ Pomet explained in an email to The Huffington Post. \Humor and comedy don't always seem to be
Hollywood Fringe Proving that love is blind, not to mention merciful, the production takes two hapless characters, gives them a motive, an opportunity, and a means to get together, and then allows them to forge what passes for a relationship.
Tom\u00e1s Saraceno's 'In Orbit' Is His Largest Exhibition To Date (PHOTOS) The museum describes the experience of interacting with the piece below
Betty Draper Photo By Frank Ockenfels Will Fulfill Your 'Mad Men' Fantasies (PHOTO) That golden light, that perfect coif, that tantalizing cocktail -- Betty Draper sure knows how to drink her problems away
Inez & Vinoodh Photographs Head To Gagosian Gallery (NSFW)(PHOTOS) Inez & Vinoodh's exhibition will run from July 12 until August 23 at Gagosian Gallery in Beverly Hills. Bill Murray - New
'Sound+Image' There has always been an unspoken connection between visual art and music. It is in this vein that Bushwick-based artists Alessandra DeLaCruz and Sarah H. Reynolds have paired up with Sol Republic to present an interactive exhibit titled \Sound+Image\ that couples music and visual art.
When It Comes to Redheads, Color Me Smitten I've got paintings of redheads on my walls and seek out gifts and cards with photos and drawings of those luscious locks. So naturally, I took notice when I saw the ad on the back of an LA city bus -- a fetching, red-haired woman named Tanna Frederick was starring in a play called The Rainmaker.
Taking Responsibility For Our Own Decisions Recently screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival, Tall As The Baobab Tree focuses on two young Senegalese women, Coumba and her 11-year-old sister, Debo, who are the first generation to leave their family's remote village in order to attend school in a nearby city.
'Displaced Visions' Exhibit A new exhibit at Jerusalem's Israel Museum is reconsidering the careers of nearly 100 photographers of the black-and-white
Father's Day Art On this momentous occasion of Father's Day, we'd like to honor all the Dads out there for their guidance, wisdom and love
'Boy! Oh, Boy!' Explores Cultural Resistance Via Male Photographic Portraits (PHOTOS) It's not often that a single photograph can trigger a wave of cultural resistance, let alone a straight-forward portrait
Underwater Poker Game From 1951 Is Our Photo Of The Day (PHOTO) We thought poker was a stressful game on land, so we can't fathom the added pressure of holding your breath underwater while
Jason Yarmosky Celebrates Aging Childhood Icons In Painting Series With His Grandparents His series, entitled \Dream of the Soft Look\ portrays elderly subjects revisiting their childhood alter-egos. For his models
City on Fire The Boston Marathon bombings forced many people to ask an age-old question. Is someone's behavior shaped by nature or nurture? Some of life's tragedies are undeniably due to natural cycles. Two shorts screened at the 2013 San Francisco International Film Festival demonstrated this process with a wry sense of humor.
First Nighter By 1959 when Tennessee Williams got around to presenting Sweet Bird of Youth on Broadway, as directed by Elia Kazan and starring
Hollywood Fringe In \If You're Watching This, I'm Dead,\ written and performed by Lisa Cole, directed by Marcella Hawk, and staged at the Elephant Stage's Studio Theatre in conjunction with the Hollywood Fringe Festival, Cole makes a video testament for the people she's leaving behind.
'Jew York' Art Exhibition At Zach Feuer Gallery Looks Divine (PHOTOS) What do expressionist painter Marc Chagall, surrealist photographer Diane Arbus and tech-happy sculptor Jon Kessler have
Mark O'Connor, Violinist And Former Child Prodigy, Celebrates 40 Years Of Music (PHOTOS) At just 13 years old, a skinny, braces-clad Mark O'Connor was awarded the title of Grand Master Fiddler Champion. The violin
Audrey Niffenegger Art Niffenegger's show will include including fictional illsutrations of her literary characters, dreamlike compositions, and
Tony Awards 2013 The 2013 Tony Awards are taking over Radio City Music Hall tonight, led by four-time host and general theater darling, Neil
When Poetry and Astronomy Meet Poets and astronomers have a connection after all.  The two disciplines, so unalike in practice, both attract practitioners moved by the desire to discover and joined by a sense of wonder at discovery.
Hollywood Fringe \Cold Feet\ features Lisa Arturo as Sarah. She has second thoughts about her pending marriage, made more difficult by her
Thomas Williams London-based art dealer Thomas Williams has managed to pull of quite a coup. He has orchestrated Britain's first ever group exhibition of postwar San Francisco Bay Area art
Frank Lloyd Wright Birthday Today marks what would have been the 146th birthday of Frank Lloyd Wright, the man who designed more than 1,000 architectural
Mike Kelley, 'Eternity is a Long Time,' In Milan (PHOTOS) From the very first piece, we see the borrowed works on display are given ample room to assert themselves in the cavernous
Theater Few things are scarier than having a friend insist you come to their relative/best friend/ co-worker's play/rock band/reading/art show. But it's not every day they say, \Come to my brother's opera.\ It's even rarer when that experience is actually fun.
If These Walls Could Talk One often hears people mutter \If those walls could talk, I'll bet they'd have stories to tell.\ This concept has great appeal to playwrights and producers who are looking to keep their budget for scenery within reason and have a series of short plays to showcase over the course of an evening.
Through the Lens of Helmut Newton As Wallis Annenberg, of the Annenberg Foundation, said
Tala Madani's Painted World Of Middle Aged Men (PHOTOS) Madani's largest solo exhibition to date, including over 80 paintings, will show at the Moderna Museet Malm\u00f6 until October
'Search For The Unicorn' Exhibit At The Cloisters Spotlights Everyone's Favorite Mystical Horse (PHOTOS) Unicorns are taking over The Metropolitan Museum of Art -- the institute's Hudson River haven, The Cloisters, to be exact
Beauty In Truth In Beauty In Truth, Parmar tells Walker's story by letting her narrate her own tale, in that beautiful trademark voice of hers, a woman who has lived through so much but still looks at life with enthusiasm and generosity.
Little Shop of Horrors, Long Beach Playhouse Mainstage Theatre Jones' Mushnik nails the rags to riches to compost proprietor of a flower shop. His stentorian voice alone would ensure this production could work as a radio show; it defines his character
Children of Darkness The Best of Playground Film Festival celebrated its second season in May with a series of films based on outstanding 10-minute dramas that were created as part of this important local playwriting incubator program.
Barn Bocock's 'Brand Wars' Rivalries between soda companies or athletic shoe designers can be pretty cut throat, but is the inter-industry competition
Ice Cream Art On a hot summer day, there's no better treat than a tasty ice cream cone. From perfect scoops to melty messes, we've put
National Accordion Awareness Month In February North Korean accordionists stunned the world with their jaw-dropping cover of A-Ha's \Take Me On.\ In honor of
Tselkov In New York After wowing London with his Last Supper at Saatchi during the Winter, Oleg Tselkov hit New York this Spring.
Young David Bowie Looks A Bit Different Without The Glitter (PHOTOS) Do you recognize this adorable little blond from somewhere? We'll give you a hint, the young lad would grow up to be a gender
Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen on the ImageBlog Eyes as Big as Plates # Jaska (2012) Karoline Hjorth & Riitta Ikonen Digital C-Type 120 x 100 cm Recess Redhook
Nicola Samor\u00ec on the ImageBlog L'Occhio Occidentale, 2013, oil on copper, 39 x 39 inch. This painting was exhibited at \Die Verwindung\ at Galleria Emilio
Of Middle East Cinema and Filmmakers in Cannes As much as I admire filmmakers, they are modern-day heroes for managing the nearly impossible feat of creating the magic of cinema despite financial restraints and all kinds of obstacles, we must recognize and applaud, encourage these cultural organizations that aid and assist.
Preview, \Made for You and Me To experience the work in \Made for You and Me
In Memoriam My initial inspiration for this series came from looking at ancient drawings, existing in places such as Takht Jamshid and
We Appreciate Arrested Development Better Today, But We're Losing Something Else The Internet has unquestionably reformed how we consume. If only we approached everything with the same curiosity and attention that we give to Arrested Development, that would be a world full of openness, positivity, growth, and education.
That Ain't All, Foulkes Llyn Foulkes is a maverick, his body of work, a revelation. The Hammer's gifted curator, Ali Subotnik, told NPR
Dorothea Lange Birthday A critic once commented that after seeing a Lange photograph \You will find it hard to forget this material of human erosion
Levalet Street Art To find the perfect spots for his works, Levalet wanders around Paris taking measurements. He then draw his figures in black
Frank Gehry Models Show New Perspective Of Architecture Legend (PHOTOS) The gallery will feature over 30 process models from 1985-2012, showing Gehry's designs in all their metallic, organic and
Caesar Sant, Four-Year-Old Violin Prodigy From North Carolina, Suffers Debilitating Disease (VIDEO) Caesar Sant is a four-year-old child prodigy with a gift for playing the violin. He started learning the instrument just
Class Acts For me, watching a film or a live theatrical performance is a bit like making love. I'm often in the dark, unsure of the next move. Whether or not my hopes and expectations will match reality remains to be seen.
Sanford Biggers on theImageBlog Cartographer\u2019s Conundrum, 2012, Multi-disciplinary installation, MASS MoCA, North Adams, MA, February 5- October 30, 2012
Wayne W. White on the ImageBlog HILLBILLY silkscreen
Sanjay Theodore on the ImageBlog All photographs variable size taken 2011-2012
Wangechi Mutu on the ImageBlog Wangechi Mutu, The Storm Has Finally Made It Out Of Me Alhamdulillah, 2012. Mixed media collage on linoleum, 73\ H x 114
Lyndie Benson on the ImageBlog Re-inspired to sculpt.
Flight Attendant Photos Let us know your best memories of vintage travel in the comments. Before the Lebanese photographer picked up a camera, he
Wang Xingwei Exhibit Showcases Artist's Humorously Bizarre Paintings (PHOTOS) Wang's body of work is humorous yet subversive, entangling elements of Yue Minjun's light-hearted figure paintings with the
Young Marilyn Monroe Photo If you guessed Marilyn Monroe, then you're right! It's like the blonde beauty was born for the camera. This smiling image
The Doha Film Institute in Cannes There have been quite a few momentous changes at the Doha Film Institute in the past 12 months, including a switch in management, an allegiance dissolved and a clear trend to return to its well-intentioned roots. But perhaps the most important step is what was just announced.
Carole Bayer Sager on the ImageBlog \Global Warming\ Oil on Linen 4ft by 4 ft I recently completed a two month art show at the William Turner Gallery in December
Leviathan There should be a warning for this movie, because while it's labeled a documentary, with its chiaroscuro lighting, it could be called an impressionist kaleidoscope dream, culled from real-life footage.
Joan Snyder on the ImageBlog Joan Snyder, Break in Two My Heart..., 2011. Oil, acrylic, silk, velvet, paper, graphite on linen, 37\u201d x 59\u201d. Courtesy Gering
David LaChapelle on the ImageBlog David\u00a0LaChapelle Flaccid Passion, 2012 chromogenic print 40 x 32.77 inches Edition of 5 \u00a9 2013\u00a0David\u00a0LaChapelle\u00a0Studio.
What Doesn't Kill You Can Only Make You Stronger With nice supporting work from Mitchell Lewis and Gustav von Seyffertitz (I just love the sound of that man's name!), The Docks of New York proved to be a highly atmospheric surprise.
Yoshitomo Nara Exhibit Surveys His Unique Brand Of Kute Kulture In New York (PHOTOS) His works are so menacingly delightful, in fact, that they've attracted the attention of synth god David Byrne. \On the surface
Matching Music To Color Not surprised by the findings? The study -- which prompted 100 participants from the U.S. and Mexico to match classical songs
'Contemporary Green Buildings' By Taschen Are Gorgeous (PHOTOS) In case you missed the memo, climate change is happening. Luckily those of us who wish to wise up and cut down on our energy
World Nomads Tunisia What attracted you to the art world of Tunisia? The timing of World Nomads Tunisia was particularly great. The explosion
'War And Peace' Sings! Colin Quinn Gets Scholarly! 'Family' Flops! Turn the sprawling masterpiece War And Peace by Leo Tolstoy into a musical? Well, it worked for Les Miserables, so why not?
The Man Inside by Karim Goury The Man Inside follows Karim Goury on a journey inside the room in Kuwait where his father lived the last few years of his life, and places him on the path of several momentous discoveries.
Mike May on the ImageBlog Illustration for Coolidge's poem, Kubla Khan
Vera\u00a0Iliatova on the ImageBlog Person You Choose,\u00a02013 oil on canvas 42 by 36 inches
Mother's Day Art On this holiest of days HuffPost Arts would like to express our eternal gratitude for all the hard-working moms out there
The Mastery of Isadora Duncan Isadora Duncan invented an open-hearted, graceful form of dance. Her work was so beautiful that it radiated a shocking yet lyrical urgency -- and it forever opened the world to the possibilities of physical, musical expression by the human body.
Rives Granade on the ImageBlog Kandinsky's Bathmat, oil on canvas, 80\ x 48\, 2012
Miguel Palma on the ImageBlog RESCUE GAMES (2008), Metallic structures, wood, mechanical and electrical systems, electronic system, water, 1800 x 1050
Maya Bloch on the ImageBlog Untitled (Yellow fingers), 2012, Acrylic on Canvas, 150x120cm.
\The Bald Soprano\ and \The Chairs,\ The Garage Theatre, Long Beach The two productions reflect the meaninglessness of the world a few years after the end of World War Two, a world devastated by unimaginable tragedy carried out on a monumental scale, all conducted with the infuriating and mechanical banality of \I just followed orders.\
Peter Hoffman Photos Show What Happens When You Set An Oily Negative On Fire (PHOTOS) In an email to the Huffington Post, Hoffman explained
Salvador Dali Birthday In the late 1930s, Dali's artistic style took a turn for the more traditional, a trend reflected in his political leanings
First Nighter Perhaps it's this reviewer's imagination, but it seems that more than the usual number of plays set in the workplace are
Together, Wherever We Go Togetherness sounds cute but can often be quite challenging. Four short films screened at the 2013 San Francisco CAAMFest show four very different approaches to companionship.
Frieze Art Fair 'Seen And Heard' Edition Gets Real (PHOTOS) The stateside edition of Frieze Art Fair has officially taken over Randall's Island in New York City, bringing hordes of
Bruce Helander on the ImageBlog Camera Obscura, 2012, Original paper collage on museum board, 11 x 8 \u00bd in. From a 1920s illustration of a cameraman \u2018obscured
Kenya Robinson on the ImageBlog Title
Enrique Martinez Celaya on the ImageBlog Enrique Martinez Celaya The One Who Has Taken Its Place, 2012 oil and wax on canvas 78 x 100 in. (198.1 x 254 cm) framed
Sine Waves Animation OSCILLATE from Daniel Sierra on Vimeo. Even if you hated math class, you'll be entranced by Daniel Sierra's new computer
M.M. Green's 'What's Good' Series Features Killer Portrait Of Lil' Wayne (PHOTOS) While pursuing the project, the artist met Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr. -- aka Lil' Wayne -- in L.A., and asked him to be a
Witnesses Say Flea-market Renoir Was Seen In Family\u2019s Home Decades Ago Robert Musser was living at Marcia Fouquet's Fairfax County home in the early 1980s when, he said, he noticed a tiny painting
Sanford Biggers on the ImageBlog Lotus, 2007, Steel, etched glass, colored LED's. 7 ft. diameter, courtesy of the artist and Grand Arts, Kansas City. The
Pieter Hugo on the ImageBlog Pieter Hugo, From the series The Hyena and Other Men Animal handler with Ajasco, Lagos, Nigeria, 2007, Digital C-Print \u00a9 Pieter
Diablo Ballet Does Balanchine and Modern Urban Nightmares Tina Kay Bohnstedt's new work From Another Time was a mysterious, absorbing glimpse into a dream world, set to a plaintive piano score composed and played live by local pianist Justin Levitt.
Mexican Artists We Love Whether you are celebrating Cinco De Mayo by brushing up on your history, whipping up some guacamole or getting slurry with
Michael Silber's 'Kaleidopope' Is An Insanely Awesome Interactive Digital Artwork Inspired By The Papal Election Michael Silber's hilariously awesome \Kaleidopope\ is like a visit to the Vatican Museum on acid. Scroll over his interactive
'Branding Terror' Book Examines Power Behind Terrorist Logos (PHOTOS) In the preface to his book \The Swastika
Greg Colson on the ImageBlog \Unfriending\ 2011
Barre None Welcome to Barre None, my new video blog exclusively on Huffington Post. I'm Sara Mearns and I hope to be your tour guide
All Your Books Are Belong To Us There's an old saying that \knowledge is power.\ However, long before anyone had written up a job description for an \intellectual property\ lawyer, people were battling over who should and should not have access to knowledge.
Mira Schor on the ImageBlog Mira Schor, Beginning of Summer, 2012. Ink, oil on gesso on linen, 12\u201dx16.\u201d In the summers I get to sit under a tree, read
Chris Duncan  on the ImageBlog BALANCE. light and shadow
Haiku Reviews HuffPost Arts' Haiku Reviews are regular features where we invite critics to review exhibitions and performances in short
Neal Fox, Illustrator, Speaks On Bowie, LSD And His Affinity For Leather Jackets (PHOTOS) NF
Keith Haring Birthday Although he was condemned by some critics for being too accessible, Haring's generous images for everyone were both easy
Star Wars Day Artist Sean Starwars is presenting his work at Coagula on May 4, showcasing a series of woodcut fan art in an exhibit titled
Viktor Hertz's Pictograms Are Clever Illustrations Packed With Dark Humor We know Viktor Hertz as the Swedish artist who made charming pictograms from famous songs and popular films. This year, however
Pay No Attention to the Folks Behind the Curtain Last summer, as I was riding home on BART from a performance at the Berkeley Repertory Theatre, an aspiring young playwright from Los Angeles who had noticed the press kit in my hands started to chat me up. After inquiring what play I had seen that night, he got right down to business.
Yves Klein Birthday Today marks the birthday of one of the art world's most debated, yet utterly beloved figures, Yves Klein. Known for his rich
Miyoshi Barosh on the ImageBlog Miyoshi Barosh, Monuments to the Failed Future, 2012, fabric, foam stuffing, fabricated wood pedestal, courtesy of the artist
Doug Argue on the ImageBlog Little Sorrows, 75 x 89.5 in., Oil/Canvas, 2013, dougargue.com , edelmanarts.com
Wangechi Mutu on the ImageBlog Wangechi Mutu, The End of eating Everything (film still), 2013. Animated video (color, sound), 8 minute loop. Commissioned
Don't Miss the Poetry Out Loud Finals This Week The Poetry Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts created Poetry Out Loud in 2005 to help spread a stronger appreciation for poetry in America's schools.
'Learn To Say F**k You To The World' Learn to say \u201cF*** You\u201d to the world once in a while. You have every right to. Just stop thinking, worrying, looking over
'Faith Ringgold's America' Tells Vivid Tales Of A Black Woman Living In America (PHOTOS) In an interview with Oxford Art Online, Ringgold explained her decision to address activism in her art
Rachel Hovnanian on the ImageBlog Beauty Queen Totem, Carrara Bianco Marble, 11 ft.
Hermann Lederle on the ImageBlog TRANCE, Oil on canvas, 50\ x 38\, 2012.
Richard Prince Tweets Composite Of Seinfeld's Girlfriends In One Face (PHOTO) How is Richard Prince celebrating his recent fair use victory? From the looks of it, by watching a lot of Seinfeld. The appropriation
Describing Matilda's Miss Trunchbull Numerous critics described The Trunch's appearance in very colorful terms and went out of their way to otherwise paint a picture of the dirt-colored, gold medal-winning child hater.
Laser Forest Installation It's hard not to like the works of Marshmallow Laser Feast, an art collective with a unique vision for far-fetched, futuristic
The Nation Puts a Poem in Its Pocket Thursday was National Poem In Your Pocket Day, perhaps the most popular of the many events that highlight National Poetry Month.
Julia Schwartz on the ImageBlog narcissus on the rocks 2012, oil on canvas, 24x18 inches. From 'trading maps for stars' series. ( exhibited Bleicher Gallery
Charmaine Felix-Meyer on the ImageBlog ALL NEW CONSTRUCTION! 2009. Cut and carved drywall, wood, sand bag. Dimensions variable. For this exhibition at Jaus, Los
Thomas Whittaker Kidd on the ImageBlog Thomas Whittaker Kidd, PERFORMANCE TREE, 68x55\, oil on canvas, 2012. The aged New Orleans pavement is alive, moist, yearning
Mike Kelley 'Eternity is a Long Time' At HangarBicocca (PHOTOS) Mike Kelley, \Extracurricular Activity Projective Reconstruction #1 (A Domestic Scene)\ Detail, 2000 In 2008, Glenn O'Brien
Urs Fischer Retrospective Delights And Repulses At LA MOCA (PHOTOS) \Fischer's wizardly ability to present objects on the brink of falling apart, floating away or undergoing psychic transformation
Real and Persistent Struggles of Billy Elliot Billy Elliot is more than a remarkable musical. It is a window on recurrent struggles that many face; and more should be done to empower and enable them to succeed.
Three Irish Stars Form New Neo-Trad Constellation This month sees the appearance of a new constellation of neo-traditional stars in the Irish music firmament
Awash in Nostalgia Some people believe that hindsight is 20/20. I think it's warped by sentimentality, wishful thinking, and rose-colored glasses. Whether one listens to Betty Buckley singing \Memory\ from Cats, or Barbra Streisand's version of the title song from 1973's The Way We Were, memory tends to play tricks on clarity.
Jody Zellen on the ImageBlog Installation at P\u00d8ST gallery in Los Angeles, CA in July 2012 where I presented a grid of my recent gouache on paper paintings
Margaret McCann on the ImageBlog \Image Caption for JPG#2\. My Halloween costumes feature wacky headdresses - a giant rat, homemade Medusa wig, manikin leg
Wayne White on the ImageBlog HIGH DOLLAR RIG acrylic on canvas >>About Wayne White
Odilon Redon Birthday However you choose to call these creatures, in the 1890's these nightmares turned into dreams as Redon's works suddenly became
Paris Photo Fair Heads To Los Angeles For The First Time (PHOTOS) Correction
Record Store Day 2013 Called the Voice-o-Graph, the refurbished 1947 machine is a \make your own record\ booth that spits out six inch phonograph
Candyland Landscapes By Pip & Pop Take Us Into A Sugar-Coated Dream Wold If you've ever wanted to stroll through the Lollypop Woods or hike up the Gumdrop Mountains of your childhood Candyland game
Art Books April Edition April ushers in lively spring, and the newest art books this month get us in the mood for warmer weather. From photography
William Copley And BFBC Inc. Join Forces For Sugary Sweet NSFW Exhibition, 'Gang Bust' (PHOTOS) Venus Over Manhattan Gallery explains
Rebooting the Game Imagine trying to reconstruct Beethoven's Ninth Symphony from a handful of reviews of the original performance. This is the task that dance historians Millicent Hodson and Kenneth Archer embarked upon, when they began to piece together The Rite of Spring.
Mick Haggerty on the ImageBlog Harvest. >>About Mick Haggerty.
Robin Mitchell on the ImageBlog Robin\u00a0Mitchell, Third Eye 2010, gouache on paper 24\ x 18\, courtesy Craig Krull Gallery, Santa Monica, CA. >>About Robin
Vera Iliatova on the ImageBlog Simple Men,\u00a02013, oil on canvas, 42 by 36 inches. >>About Vera Iliatova.
How Much Are Great Poems Worth? The sale of poet and scholar Roy Davids' remarkable poetry collection, part of which took place at Bonhams Auction House in London this past week, offered us a glimpse of just how valuable collectors consider rare poetry manuscripts to be.
Coffee Art \I kind of want to be like Willy Wonka with coffee,\ Breach says in the video above. \Make it something interesting and fun
John Williams, Outsider Artist, Creates Moving Historical Collages (PHOTOS, INTERVIEW) Art allows Williams to channel his energy toward his artistic vision, although Williams specified that he's most appreciative
Monica Nouwens Photo Exhibition At Foam Gallery Presents Ambivalent And Bewitching Image Of LA (PHOTOS) Known and loved for its blue skies, silver screens and tan physiques, Los Angeles might look unfamiliar through Monica Nouwens
Anna Sew Hoy 
Stage Door To discourage her, she's sent to a prison-like school run by the maniacal Miss Trunchbull (an extraordinary Bertie Carvel), who sings to her maligned charges
Kate Jenkins' Crocheted Foods Are The Most Delicious Crafts You'll See Today (PHOTOS) And just when we thought we couldn't handle any more cuteness, we perused Jenkins' website, which reads
Remembering Maria Tallchief As she touched my hand to adjust it, I was keenly aware that this same hand had also touched Balanchine, Nureyev and countless others. It was hard to wrap your head around. I was thirteen years old and I had never been more intimidated. Or more thrilled.
Bruce Helander on the ImageBlog Sending Out an S.O.S., 2009, Original acrylic on canvas with printed background, 79 5/8 x 50 in. A reminder not to attempt
Delia Brown on the ImageBlog A Fashionable Woman Lunches in the Arts District with Her Daughters, 2008, oil on panel, 12\ x 20\. The project \Precious
Joachim Seinfeld on the ImageBlog Neighbours \u2013 Berlin
First Nighter Buyer & Cellar, a one-man intermissionless 90-minuter showcasing an extremely adroit Michael Urie, could easily be dismissed as a merely silly time-killer for La Streisand fans. Yet, in a larger sense, it inadvertently implies a reality about the American obsession with fame.
Before the Parade Passes By If one is lucky, certain theatrical moments reach out and grab an audience with their magic. For many of us devoted to the magic of live theater, it is the quest for a special kind of moment that keeps us coming back for more.
Jeffrey Braverman  on the ImageBlog Arthur, 2012 (color photograph) An in depth portrait documenting photographer Arthur Tress. Tress has spent his career taking
Mike May on the ImageBlog Binder >>About Mike May
Awol Erizku on the ImageBlog \Awol Erizku, Girl with Versace Pants, 2011. Digital chromogenic print, 65 x 50 inches, Edition of 5. Courtesy of Awol Erizku
AIPAD Photography Show 2013 It's that time of year, New Yorkers, when the Park Avenue Armory's massive indoor space is transformed into one of the city's
Gorgeous New App Helps You Memorize Poetry Just in time for National Poetry Month, Penguin has teamed up with app developer inkle to bring you a high-tech, enjoyable way to memorize classic poetry.
A Very American Chic Payne Bradley's new suite of dances entitled Up in the Air appear to be her way of having a conversation with legendary, long dead choreographers. She speaks the language of classical ballet with fluency and a modern accent. There is also an elegance, a very American chic.
The BMFA's Phantom Japan Collection and the Empty Swinging Door Perhaps the MFA with its increasingly contemporary orientation is no longer so interested in opening the doors to other, older cultures.
'LetterScapes' By Anna Saccani Puts Typography In The Spotlight (PHOTOS) What began as Saccani's doctoral thesis turned into an ode to the art of large-scale public typography projects. Besides
The Week In Arts&Culture The Metropolitan Museum of Art, that well-known behemoth of the New York City art scene, has been the subject of some not
Saya Woolfalk on the ImageBlog Saya Woolfalk, The Empathics
Tom Lawson on the ImageBlog \u201dSubject to Debate, 2012, 72 x 66 inches, oil on canvas, Courtesy of the artist and David Kordansky Gallery.\u201d >>About Tom
\u2018Orphans\u2019 Regroups With Alec Baldwin And Ben Foster Is anything ever easy with Alec Baldwin? An Emmy Award-winning star whose periodic outbursts have made him a tabloid treasure
The World's Greatest Beethoven Festival In addition to the social and artistic goals that were accomplished, the festival further defined Teatro Mayor director Ramiro Osorio's vision of theaters as public workspaces to the point where that vision can now serve as a template for replication and localization.
Molly Crabapple's 'Shell Game' Paintings Depict A Year In Crisis From Occupy Wall Street To Anonymous Hacks Activist artist Molly Crabapple's new series of paintings titled \Shell Game\ at Smart Clothes Gallery in New York portray
Rachel Kaye on the ImageBlog M8\u00a0Colored Pencil on Paper 9\ x 12\ 2011.\u00a0Included in the exhibition\u00a0Shebam! Pow! Blop! Wizz!\u00a0at\u00a0Johansson Projects, December
Joachim Seinfeld on the ImageBlog Neighbours - Berlin
Charles\u00a0Garabedian on the ImageBlog Charles\u00a0Garabedian\u00a0Willie Snake, 1985 acrylic on canvas (three panels) Overall
Will Ryman's Bird On View in Flatiron Plaza Constructed of both actual and fabricated nails, Bird is the first art structure to be displayed at this location, and part of DOT's new effort to bring more contemporary art to the public space.
Easter Art Break out your oversized chocolate creatures and neon pink Peeps, because the Easter bunny has officially landed. That's
'The Shoemaker,' Short Film By Dustin Cohen, Tells The Touching Story Of A 91-Year-Old Brooklyn Shop Owner (VIDEO) \I'm not the retiring person,\ Mr. Catalfumo states in the video above. \You've got to keep moving in life.\ 'The Shoemaker
Joseph Keckler Is On Our Radar JK
A Brief Guide to National Poetry Month April is National Poetry Month, poetry lovers!  An annual celebration (since 1996) sponsored by the Academy of American Poets, the event aims to spread the gospel of poetry and celebrate the art's rich past and vibrant present.
From Egg Lady to Egg-xecutive My mom Daniela Mahoney celebrated her 30th anniversary as a nationally-recognized Czech folk artist in the United States this year. After many setbacks under the Czechoslovakian regime, she finally found personal and financial freedom through the traditional craft of egg decorating in the U.S.
The Week In Arts & Culture The record has gone down in history as one of Rolling Stone's 500 greatest albums of all time (along with \Led Zeppelin,\ \Led
Vincent Van Gogh Birthday Of course, it's no secret that the artist, who died at the age of 37, lived a tortured life, suffering from mental health
Atilio Pernisco on the ImageBlog Untitled 2012 oil on canvas 12 x 16 in
Brigitte Engler on the ImageBlog Bobby, ink on rives paper. 46\x 20\ http://cnp-la.org/event/post-la
Craig Taylor on the ImageBlog Secret Picnic Spot 30 x 26 inches oil on canvas 2012
Francisco Goya Birthday Happy Birthday, Goya! We are thankful for you and your ability to paint the most frightening eyeballs we have ever glimpsed
LaToya Ruby Frazier Photographs \A Haunted Capital\ runs from March 22 - August 11 at the Brooklyn Museum. Scroll through the slideshow below to see some
Post-Apocalyptic Pastorale Jazz-minh Moore is painting figures in landscapes, in acrylic paint, on birch panels. She often distresses the boundaries of her panels, or otherwise incorporates the physicality of her substrate into the work itself.
Kenya Robinson on the ImageBlog Title
Patricia Terrell-O'Neal on the ImageBlog Boy in Orange Shades, oil on canvas, 42\ x 30\
Bruce Helander on the ImageBlog Post Triangle, 2009, Original acrylic on canvas with printed background, 56 \u00be x 39 \u00bc in. -- A structured composition of disparate
Tilda Swinton Sleeps In A Glass Box At The Museum Of Modern Art Swinton debuted \The Maybe,\ a collaboration with artist Cornelia Parker, in 1995 in London, and later reprised it in Rome
Comedian Matt Graham Talks SNL, Scrabble Championships And His One-Man Show, 'This Too Shall Suck' (PHOTO) What are you hoping to achieve with \u201cThis Too Shall Suck\u201d? And you finally ended up in Boston? It's been quite an honor. At
Affordable Art Fair There's nothing we adore more than an art organization with a democratizing attitude, so how could we not fall in with New
Christo and Jeanne-Claude's New Massive Installation 'Big Air Package' In Germany Is The 'Largest Ever Inflated Envelope Without A Skeleton' Christo and the late Jeanne-Claude are the grandparents of fantastical large-scale installations. The pair draped a 400-meter
Old School Hollywood Royalty Once upon a time, Hollywood stars were worshipped like gods and goddesses. No photographers were trying to snap pants-less crotch shots as someone stepped from a car. Nor were they terrorizing people in traffic and threatening the lives of innocent bystanders with their self-aggrandizing stunts.
Dannielle Tegeder on the ImageBlog Having grown-up in a family of steamfitters that planned and built large scale electrical and heating systems in industrial
Robert Minervini on the ImageBlog Lone Bather, acrylic and oil on canvas, 50 x 60\ 2012 Courtesy of the artist and Marine Contemporary
Kenyatta A.C. Hinkle on the ImageBlog March 23, 2013 The Uninvited, Acrylic paint on polyfilm printed photo, 20 x 30 2009-12 This piece is from \u201cThe Uninvited\u201d series that is
The Week In Arts&Culture This week we got a whole new batch of artwork from the artist formerly known as President Bush and we celebrated some holy
An Interview with Lebanese artist, Pascal Hachem, from London's Selma Feriani Gallery, Art Dubai 2013 PH
It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's Superman' I loved comics as a boy. Drawing comic book characters always intrigued me, and Superman was a favorite.
Three Non-Traditional Poems of Spring Spring officially arrives on Wednesday, a season that has always been seen as a symbol of rebirth and renewal, and the unquestioned darling of poets.
\Twice Removed Rare is the chance to see work that, piece by piece, so clearly merits a visual dialogue.  Such is the case here. Greg Mocilnikar does to space what Juan Gris, with his Synthetic Cubism, does to form.
An Interview With Bisi Silva, Curator of Art Dubai's 'Marker' Project This third edition of Marker, curated by Lagos-based Bisi Silva for the seventh edition of Art Dubai, describes the societal changes sparked by the rapid development of West African cities.
Irish Artists Happy St. Patrick's Day dear readers! We hope you are wearing green, drinking appropriately colored beer and finding four
The Big Reveal Some people may be horrified by my attitude toward spoiler alerts, but the Internet has changed the nature of arts criticism. If an important plot device can't be discussed in print, it means that the playwright and producer lack sufficient faith in their material to trust their audience.
Walter Pierce, Architect Of Modernist Homes, Is Dead At 93 Read more on The New York Times Had Paul Revere made another pass through Lexington, Mass., only this time in the 1940s, he
Paris Photos By Joanna Lemanska Capture Serene Reflections Of The City of Light (PHOTOS) \First thing that I do when a see a potentially interesting reflective surface, like puddle, window, floor, is to look around
The Week In Arts & Culture \Mirror\ continues the multi-disciplinary artist's explorations of space and time. A kaleidoscopic LED display will wrap
Women's History Month Artists WHERE
MOCA-National Gallery Of Art Deal Is An Empty Prospect A proposed five-year collaboration deal between the troubled Museum of Contemporary Art in downtown Los Angeles and the National
CAPTION THE ARTWORK In 1546 Angelo Bronzino beautifully painted the ultimate Mannerist family orgy, also known as \Venus, Cupid, Folly, and Time
Learning From the Masters If you want to see an example of creativity as \intelligence having fun,\ watch the opening sequence from 1920's The Scarecrow as the 5'6\ Buster Keaton and 6'3\ Joe Roberts sit down to one of the most elaborately choreographed breakfasts you will ever see in your life.
In Sydney, Opera Grabs the Bull by the Horns Outdoor opera is artistically risky. Some say it compromises the art form and that amplifying the singers' voices destroys opera's unique element, the sound of the unadulterated human voice. As a means to draw new audiences, the gamble is paying off.
A New Collection Shines Light Rudyard Kipling, the Poet Though he was a Nobel Laureate, Kipling is a controversial figure in the literary world. He was a strong voice for colonialism and the British Empire -- at times, from a contemporary perspective, shockingly so.
Women's History Month Artists HuffPost Arts&Culture is celebrating Women's History Month with the help of our favorite artists -- female artists, of course
'Iran Modern' Exhibit At The Asia Society Illuminates 20 Years Of Contemporary Art In Tehran (PHOTOS) In \Argo,\ we see a mob of angry Iranians storming the embassy during the 1979 revolution, and in \Reading Lolita in Tehran
Edo Pop During the Edo Period in Japan (1615\u20131868), Tokyo quickly became a cosmopolitan city with a lively arts and culture scene
Optical Illusion \As a child, I often thought about being very huge, being able to see everything from above. I imagined things like a giant
Pilobolus Dance In the video above, a troupe of talented dancers perform to Alicia Keys' \Empire State of Mind,\ contorting their bodies
The Week In Arts & Culture Click here to read more. And finally, behold, the 10 art trends dominating Armory Week 2013. Share the trends you noticed
6 Artists on their Road to Broadway and Engaging Audiences Since last week, Paul's next play has been announced at Signature Theatre in Arlington; Santino opened to positive reviews in Cinderella; Kinky Boots has had a bravura first few performances, and the theatre world keeps turning.
Women's History Month Artists WHY
A Who's Who Explanation Of Everyone Involved In Bolshoi Ballet Acid Attack The real-life drama surrounding Russia's Bolshoi Theater reached all new heights of absurdity this week when it was revealed
Trans-Mongolian Short Film Documents Train Journey From Beijing To Moscow (VIDEO) Trans-mongolian 
Nude Sculptures By Ron Mueck Bring Hyperrealism To A Whole Other Level (PHOTOS) The image above, which was previously on view at Hauser & Wirth in New York, shows a naked middle-aged woman desperately
When Musicals Reflect Our Lives Musicals are one of America's most beloved forms of entertainment. And they have often offered audiences a chance to explore controversial topics of the day.
Invasion of the 'Deathxperts' I like to think that I'm the first to notice, love, and highlight a fantastic new phenomenon that's out there
Week In #Instagigs When it comes to commanding stage presences, few indie pop stars hold a candle to Solange. With her velvety voice and killer
A Rare Charlotte Bront\u00eb Manuscript Up for Auction The manuscript of a poem by Charlotte Bront\u00eb is up for auction in London next month.  Best known for her novel Jane Eyre, Bront\u00eb also wrote hundreds of poems during her lifetime.
Duane Keiser DK
The Photo Of The Day In \Prejudice\ 22-year-old Osvald captures a balance between grief and beauty well beyond her years.Yet according to Colossal
World's Fair Photos For more on Ive Mae's exhibition at the Nelson-Atkins Museum in Kansas City, see our previous article on his work here. Let
Allison Schulnik Interview Allison Schulnik
'Music Is Enough for a Lifetime But a Lifetime Is Not Enough for Music:' Van Cliburn (1934-2013) I hope, with the tremendous loss of Van Cliburn, the vacuum it leaves, of this gentle, magnificent soul, we will, I hope be able to console ourselves slightly with these not yet issued recordings by one of the greatest lyrical pianists the world has ever known. Fingers crossed.
Women's History Month Artists WHO
Subway Font \The passenger will be given the information or direction only at the point of decision. Never before. Never after,\ reads
Rhye's 'Woman' Mike Milosh and Robin Hannibal operate under the collective pseudonym, Rhye, a simple, slightly mysterious band name that
Sweating Out a Surrealist Nightmare Do your nightmares make you feel like you've entered The Twilight Zone? Do you feel trapped in a surrealistic cesspool? You are not alone.
CAPTION THE ARTWORK In 1475 Renaissance favorite Sandro Botticelli took a break from painting goddesses and muses to capture a particularly chiseled
LP Cover Art Vinyl records have certainly been making a comeback in recent years, with fans and musicians alike returning to the retro
Photography Magazine 'Aperture' Relaunches With 'Hello, Photography' For The Digital Age (PHOTOS) Sixty years after it's founding, \Aperture\ is back with an attitude. Aperture Foundation, a not-for-profit photography organization
'The Art Show' Celebrates 25 Years Of Art Loving With Knockout Fair (PHOTOS) When an art fair refers to itself only as \The Art Show,\ it certainly challenges itself to live up to the name. Yet after
The Buddy Miller and Jim Lauderdale Show -- Live! Some music needs to be heard in concert to be fully appreciated. No amount of spin doctoring by journalists or peer pressure from fanatical fans can justify an act unless one catches said act live.
The Week In Arts & Culture We've been waiting for the day when Carrie Brownstein and Fred Armisen would tackle the hazy boundaries of conceptual art
Oscars Greenroom 2013 Cinephiles everywhere are counting down the minutes until the 2013 Academy Awards, carefully reviewing their picks for Best
Child Conductor Jonathan Okseniuk may be young, but according to his mother, he developed an interest in classical music at a mere eight
Screwing Up The Skivvies appeared. They took off all their clothes, except their underwear, which was not minimalistic but pretty revealing. There was a drummer who also took off his clothes. All three were ... well-made.
Ray Smith at Parade Ground The exhibition at Parade Ground represents a new brand of Ray Smith, who showed his work at Sperone Westwater, Gagosian, Bruno Bischofberger and elsewhere throughout the 1980s.
'Gone Too Soon' Exhibit Sends Michael Jackson's Jacket And Whitney Houston's Pants Across The Country (PHOTOS) HP
Week In #Instagigs Once upon a time, Mumford and Sons, Haim and Ben Howard all took the stage at the same time at Barclay's Center in Brooklyn
Artist Titus Kaphar Talks Memory And Madness In His Latest Installation, 'The Vesper Project' (INTERVIEW, PHOTOS) HP
Robert Rickhoff Photos In an email to the Huffington Post Rickhoff explained, \I wanted to re-interpret the idea of public space with humor through
Verdi by the Numbers A small blip in the history of opera occurred this week in Bilbao, Spain. It occurred a few seconds after the curtain came down on the dress rehearsal of Verdi's 1855 French opera, les V\u00eapres siciliennes.
Moving Image Welcome to \Moving Image,\ our slideshow of the best photos of the week from around the world. The following photographs
The Week In Arts&Culture Artemisia Gentileschi, \Judith Beheading Holofernes\ (1612-13). Oil on canvas, 199 \u00d7 162 cm (Wikimedia) The art world experienced
Ray Chen Is ON OUR RADAR HP
\Proposals,\ The Norris Center for the Performing Arts, Rolling Hills Estates Because we identify with each and every one of the characters and their issues, we leave feeling as if we've known them for
Barbie Loves Israel The Italian couple may have looked like typical tourists, visiting the sites and shooting photos, but it was the objects in their photos that attracted the curious stares. Accompanying the couple during their travels, were Barbie and Ken, the iconic plastic dolls.
Richard Artschwager, Whose Multifarious Work Defied Categorization, Dies At 89 Richard Artschwager, who crafted a protean and enigmatic body of work over the course of more than half a century, has died
Week In #Instagigs For more on #instagigs, check out last week's article (featuring the one and only Cat Powers). As always, submit your own
Why It's Time for Galleries to Dump the Jargon You might think that it was fine for art sometimes to \question\ things, but that most of the \questions\ that were being raised were questions that had been raised in art quite a lot before.
Rejected By Sotheby\u2019s, Florida Pastor Is Arrested In Sale Of Forged Art To hear Damien Hirst's critics tell it, his works may be among the easiest to duplicate in the art world. They can seem startlingly
Bill Clinton Transforms LA President Bill Clinton, Inventor Dean Kamen, White House Chief Technology officer Ken Park and Astronaut Leland Melvin were among the big name speakers at this year's by-invitation-only TRANS4M conference, held at the California Science Center in Los Angeles this past Thursday.
The Week In Arts & Culture If there's one thing Philip Glass knows how to do besides compose an avant-garde masterpiece, it's curate an impressive musical
SEEN AND HEARD Our new series, \Seen and Heard,\ introduces the best quotes and snapshots from the past week's art exhibits. From hilariously
Artist Dana Hoey On Her Upcoming Exhibition \The Phantom Sex\ And Her Obsession With Sean Young (INTERVIEW)(PHOTOS) DH
Norman Rockwell Birthday Today is the birthday of famed 20th century painter and illustrator, Norman Rockwell. Popular for his depictions of everyday
'Sharp Suits' Thus Sharp Suits was born, an anonymous space for ad creatives, designers, animators, directors and illustrators to visually
The Best Animal Poetry I've collected a few animal poems here that speak to the essence of an animal, but also illuminate the human condition.  In order, they address our faith, doubt, passion and dread.
A Super Bowl Poetry Roster As we gather 'round our national campfire for the Super Bowl, of course it seems like poetry -- for one thing, the Ravens are named for Baltimore's tragic own poet-in-residence, Edgar Allen Poe, and his poem \The Raven,\ and the coaches quote Shakespeare.
In Conversation With Saul Williams Alright, so we know Saul is full of magic, but how do we go beyond the quotes and a performance (his performances are one of a kind experience and highly recommended) and get in conversation with Saul?
Aperture's 'Photography' Exhibition Combines Big Names, Punchy Colors And Fujifilm X-Series Cameras (PHOTOS) William Eggleston is the classic American veteran, Nan Goldin the grimy provocateur and Martin Parr the extra-saturated satirist
Afghan and American My father came to the midwestern United States in 1956 for an education. Born and raised in the environs of Kabul, he certainly was in for an education, but perhaps not entirely the one he envisioned.
Crowdfunding 201 Enter Seed & Spark, a (very) new entrant in the crowdfunding space. I met up with them at Sundance, via mutual friends. A
The Week In Arts & Culture Tina Fey has once again announced plans for a possible musical adaptation of her classic teen film, \Mean Girls,\ giving
Erik Kessels Found Photography Book Chronicles Adventures Of Wedding Photographer Larbi Laaraichi (PHOTOS) All Kessels' books are available at KK Outlet. Which of Laaraichi's looks is your favorite? Let us know in the comments. Correction
Kyle Staver Diane & Actaeon, 2012, oil on linen, 68 x 154 inches (detail) In the central panel Diana, a cubist bombshell with a well
Keith Haring's Tokyo Pop Shop On Display At The New York Historical Society (PHOTOS) Now you can see a rotating display of the objects sold in his Tokyo Pop Shop at the New York Historical Society. The ceiling
Photographer Wang Wusheng's 'Celestial Realm' Entrances At Barry Friedman Ltd. (PHOTOS) See a preview of the exhibition below and let us know your thoughts in the comments. In his dramatic, large-scale photographs
An Inauguration Week Poem That Deserves More Attention Here's hoping Sandburg's poem can inspire some sensible debate about addressing gun violence.  At least, in a week of new beginnings, it's a good place to start.
50 Years Of NASA's Space Food Packaging Documented Responsible for providing flight crews with food systems that are safe, the advanced food technology project from NASA focuses
Rich Dudes Fighting Over Jasper Johns Paintings Of \Hairy Testicles\ It goes without saying that most rich folks have a bit of money to throw around on their hobbies--that $1.9 million teddy
Aleah Chapin's Nudes Show The Beauty Of The Aging Human Form At Flowers Gallery (NSFW PHOTOS) Chapin, who grew up on an island off the coast of Washington, paints women she grew up with, dubbed \aunties.\ Placing her
Peter Doig At Christie's Peter Doig has been known to fetch a high price at auction, attracting eager bidders with his tranquil, snowy landscapes
Barbara Kruger Birthday In honor of Ms. Kruger's birthday, watch a time-lapse video of the Hirschhorn installation process here, and view a slideshow
NYC-ARTS News In theater news, the 2012 Pulitzer Prize-winning drama, Water by the Spoonful, extends its run by two weeks. This play is the second in a trilogy by Quiara Alegr\u00eda Hudes.
The Week In Arts And Culture On Thursday, we were entranced by Brian Finke's photo series on pumped up forms. And who could forget the presidential inauguration
Contribute to the Unofficial Inaugural Poem Organizers have asked us (!) to harness our most patriotic and poetic instincts (!) with the hashtag #prezpoem. At times, we might come off as a little too earnest, and we might go a little crazy with our adjectives, and we might not even take the time to spell \thru\ correctly, but don't judge us.
Garry Winogrand's Photography Retrospective Brings 250,000 Unknown Images To SFMOMA (PHOTOS) With visual puns, odd personas and absurd juxtapositions, Winogrand turns ordinary American moments into extraordinary photographs
Parking Lot Art? Indianapolis' Hotel Commissions Graffiti Artist Nick Walker To 'Vandalize' Garage (PHOTOS) What can you expect from a $44 million, boutique style art hotel, though? Of course they would hire an artist to creep around
All Hands on Deck! I tip my hat to Kathleen Marshall, who directed and choreographed the revival of Anything Goes with the intention of adding plenty of snap, crackle, and pop to a show that is nearly 80 years old. The result is quite astounding.
Cindy Sherman's Birthday In honor of Sherman's big day and blockbuster year -- she recently had retrospectives at MOMA and SFMOMA -- we'd like to
The Week In Arts & Culture Greetings, dear readers! This week we were seething with jealousy over memorabilia from Studio 54 but then became hopeful
Artist As Applicant The artist as applicant is an artist who is applying for an award that offers money, a studio residency, or an honor. The artist as applicant may be nominated or may respond to an open grant application call. Sometimes there are restrictions (age, locale, gender, education). The artist as applicant often but not always, has another source of income -- a day job, a part-time job, or the actual sale of their art. Some artist as applicants rely entirely on grants for their income.
Marc Quinn's sculpture of a Giant Baby unveiled at Gardens by the Bay \To me,\u00a0Planet\u00a0is a paradox - hugely heavy, yet the bronze appears weightless; overwhelmingly\u00a0 big, yet also an image of
Robert Indiana Wins Suit Over Hindi 'Love' Sculptures A federal judge has ruled in favor of the artist Robert Indiana, best known for his \LOVE\ sculpture featuring a tilted letter
Janis Joplin Birthday Today is the birthday of psychedelic goddess and raucous rock icon, Janis Joplin. The front woman of groups like the Full
Wolfgang Laib Is ON OUR RADAR WL
Virtual Choir 4 Contemporary composer, conductor and TED talker Eric Whitacre is well-known for creating choral works and scores, but recently
When Beer Inspires Poetry Just thinking about beer, it seems, encourages me to write nonsensical phrases like \mmmmCREAMYIPA!\ and, no, I wasn't drinking when I wrote that.
'What Is That Art Worth?' The New York Times recently contrived to use its banner of influence to revile contemporary art by flagging in two separate editions the same letter parading the moth-eaten defamations of the contemporary art world.
'Magical' Feminist Art Show HP
\Intimately Wilde,\ Olio Theatre Works at Long Beach Playhouse But the story would be nothing without a faultless ensemble effort. Knudson's Constance (apt name, that) nicely captured
'German Expressionism 1900-1930 \German Expressionism 1900-1930
Live and Dangerous Tomorrow Never Knows is known for successfully blending up-and-coming artists with nationally known rock-centric indie acts -- last year's lineup included Grouplove, Theophilus London and Chairlift.
The Week In Arts & Culture We're starting to get excited for the Golden Globes Opening Theme Song, a string-drenched, sweeping affair that -- be honest
Pont Des Arts' Love Padlocks The bridge was conceived by Louis-Alexandre de Cessart and Jacques Dillon, who imagined the structure as a suspended garden
The Lost Generation in the Audience It is our responsibility in the field to continue to push the artform to exciting new levels, and to also offer educational opportunities to the next generation.
The Week In Arts & Culture Read the hilarious story here. The administrators at Herriman High School received permission from the copyright owners of
Falling in Love With Dance One of my very first jobs in New York City was working at the box office at The Joyce Theater. Ballet Hispanico performed that season. The company danced Good Night Paradise by Ramon Oller, and I was totally taken away. It swept me off my feet.
Surreal Textbook Illustrations Lucky for us, he recently contacted 50 Watts to showcase his still-astonishing textbook art, filled with images of floating
High Copper Prices Force Sculptors Into Post-Bronze Age As poor as he was, Vincent van Gogh didn't use 10 percent less paint on his canvases to save money, and Michelangelo didn't substitute quartz for marble. But the rising price of copper, the main component of bronze, has forced more and more sculptors to economize.
All the World's a Stage for James Latus The producers of the NBC hit, SMASH should give James Latus a call to learn how it's done.
Alfred Stieglitz's Birthday Alfred Stieglitz, \Venetian Canal\ (also called \A Bit of Venice\), 1897 Stieglitz was born in Hoboken, New Jersey in 1864
The New Abnormal Yes, We're Open is filled with many San Francisco-centric jokes that will resonate with hipster haters (\I'm going to a bacon party at an art gallery\). As Luke's hapless friend Brett, H.P. Mendoza gets to wear one the worst neckties ever seen onscreen in the history of cinema.
New Year's Art Happy New Year! We hope your New Year's Eve was filled with overambitious resolutions, overflowing champagne flutes and an
Test Your Color Matching Skills With This Addictive Web Quiz (QUIZ) Since Pantone's official color for 2013 is emerald, we made a slideshow homage to the classic hue
US Dot Map By Brandon Martin-Anderson Shows The Population Like You've Never Seen It Before (PHOTO) Have you ever felt like a small dot in the vastness of the American terrain? Well if you were on of the 308,450,225 lucky
Black Love Django Unchained is a film that in spite of, or maybe because of the veracity of its violence, imagines black womanhood\u2122 beyond the superhuman stoic into a paradigm of the pretty.
Zaha Hadid Adding to the client's expected anger at a structure that will look exactly the same as a privately commissioned one, the
Dramatic Art Finds Of 2012 What's the best deal you got this year? Whatever it was, your score probably doesn't compare to paying $7 for an original
Child Prodigy Recap As we look back on the year nearly behind us, there's one area that's particularly fun to recap
The Week In Arts & Culture Emperor Hadrian is believed to have funded \the Athenaeum,\ as it was known at the time; it was a 900-seat complex created
This Past November 24th As if on cue, Tom asks us all into the sunroom. The chairs blocking the doors are removed. We wonder aloud what marvels await us on the other side.
Beyond Hollywood Bottom line, if you're not watching films from or about this part of the world, you're not really watching films.
Edward Deeds, Outsider Artist, Leaves Behind Hauntingly Innocent Drawings From Mental Institution (PHOTOS, INTERVIEW) Outside the Lines\ is an ongoing series addressing the prickly genre sometimes referred to as outsider art. \Talisman of
Louise Bourgeois's Birthday Later in her career, Bourgeois dabbled in teaching, working at institutes like Pratt, Cooper Union, Brooklyn College and
Unholy Jesus Art Merry Christmas, dear readers! Last year we celebrated the holiday with the ten best depictions of Jesus in art. This time
David Ansen Recalls When AIDS Silenced The Arts On Wednesday Jan. 6, 1993, the great dancer Rudolf Nureyev died in Paris. The initial, official cause of death was said to
5 Art Trends In 2012 We hate to discuss art trends because it makes art sound like fashion, but, alas, they're real and they happen. Remember
Cultural Influencers Share Their Favorite Personal Photos Of 2012 AS WE LOOKED back on the year, we grew curious \u2014 what would it look like if we rummaged through the cameras of some of today\u2019s
Breaking the Ice Are we dancers, acrobats, actors, circus artists or stunt people? The answer is yes, all of the above! We believe that in today's world this is what audiences are ready to see, we just don't have the right words to describe it yet.
Theater Last year I listed 18 shows and this year only 13. Was it a bad year? No, I just didn't make it to London, where any avid theatergoer can see great shows at bargain prices.
Gun Art Each piece took two to three months to create, according to Lighton's artist statement, with the more complex composite works
Review The artists presented in Now Dig This! conjoin aesthetic concerns with cultural, ideological and political critique to produce artwork that, on the whole, is affecting and galvanizing. Kellie Jones' corralling of this work into a single exhibition is nothing short of a stroke of genius.
Dorothea Tanning Exhibition Explores 'Unknown but Knowable States' (PHOTOS) Tanning and Ernst enjoyed an art-filled love affair, encircled in surrealist figures including Lee Miller, Yves Tanguy and
Washington, D.C. Unleashes the Christmas Poems It's the holiday season, when even Washington, D.C. gets a little poetic.  The big, bland federal government sends out an official holiday poem each year. The poem's purpose (here's where the magic ends) is to educate federal employees on the dos and don'ts of accepting holiday gifts.
Math Museum (MoMath) Is First Of Its Kind In North America (PHOTOS) Behold... when art meets math! The museum, or MoMath as the cool kids are calling it, aims to spark curiosity in both kids
The Week In Arts & Culture Get ready to waste an hour or four, because today we're bringing you the 20 most delicious, innovative and bizarre music
Benjaman Kyle's Million Dot Drawing See Endara's incredible artwork below and learn more about Benjaman Kyle here. To complicate matters even further, Kyle is
Finding Broadway's Voice on Social Media For Broadway, it isn't so much about a specific voice -- let's call it the Marketing Mamet Effect -- rather it's a tone that drives social strategy.
Psy's Anti-American Song Psy topped Justin Bieber to have the most-watched YouTube video of all time for his \Gangnam Style\ visuals, which became
Let's Have a Comedy (I Want to Have a Comedy) My previous history with The Flea Theater's commitment to the various periods and themes of their plays already had me looking forward to Restoration Comedy. I'm happy to say that The Bats and the artistic personnel at The Flea surpassed my high expectations.
Poetry Cleans Up After James Dyson's Criticism A poetry row in the UK last month led to a victory for verse in the country's public schools when the UK's Department of Education awarded a half million pound grant (about $800,000) to the \Poetry by Heart\ national recitation competition.
Asia Pacific Triennial of Contemporary Art Hits Australia (PHOTOS) APT7 will feature two co-curated projects that address inter-regional diversity head-on -- \0-Now
Art Basel Miami Beach 2012 It's no easy feat getting chosen to participate in the country's biggest art fair. And even if you are accepted into Art
Psy Apology \I will forever be sorry for any pain I have caused by those words,\ he added. Psy issued the apology after reports surfaced
Sustainable Housing For Sandy Survivors WK and CDK
Eitaro, Japan's Only Male Geisha, Is Doing It For His Mom (PHOTOS) We first heard about Eitaro from a lengthy picture essay in the Daily Mail that captures him in his role as house master
Matthew Rolston's Ventriloquist Dummies In 'Talking Heads, The Vent Haven Portraits' (PHOTOS) The photographs are compiled in the book \Talking Heads, The Vent Haven Portraits,\ which we predict would catalyze superbly
The Week In Arts & Culture Art Production Fund teamed up with the hotel to present the project, which beams seven colored lights from the roof toward
The Way We Were As we commemorate World AIDS Day, it's timely to notice how three recent documentaries about the AIDS crisis have helped to focus attention on the raging epidemic that should never have happened -- a plague that has now claimed more than 35 million lives around the world.
William Burroughs Documentary AB
\Monsters With Maidens\ Posters Will Make You Appreciate Your Boyfriend (PHOTOS) What do Frankenstein, Dracula and Godzilla have in common? Aside from successful movie careers, they all have love interests
'A Bigger Splash The playful exhibition takes its name from a 1967 David Hockney painting, in which a perfect suburban pool of cool colors
Must It Always Be a Man's World? If the past six months proved anything about the battle between the sexes, it was that many men have absolutely no idea how women think or feel. And although show business is often cited as an indicator of cultural progress, sometimes it sends mixed messages.
The Week In Arts & Culture We did some digging and found 15 instances of artists abusing or at least questionably involving animals in their artwork
The Third Wave 
What Art Can A Million Dollars Get You? (PHOTOS) Christie's Auction House in New York recently announced the final price tag on its Fall Postwar and Contemporary Art Evening
Artists Vs. Animals This fall has been a rough month for animals in the art world. First, we found out that British bad boy Damien Hirst killed
Paul Insect's 'Out of Chaos' Brings The British Phenomenon To The US (PHOTOS) Entitled \Out of Chaos,\ the upcoming exhibition at Opera Gallery explodes with colorful mashups of tradition, rupture, violence
Meaningful Music Influenced by bands like U2, Pearl Jam and Coldplay, Mayday Radio's songs explore issues ranging from capitalism and religion to human rights and global poverty.
What I Learned From Hollywood's 'Guru of Gurus' About Why Stories Matter Some creative writing teachers can name a handful of successes. With Robert McKee, the list goes on and on.
Pussy Riot Vodka, Part Two Pussy Riot is the most recent martyr in an extensive history of Russian dissenters. We have created a piece in honor of Pussy Riot -- using satire and pop culture to manufacture the world of Pussy Riot Vodka.
Michal Chelbin's 'Sailboats And Swans' Features Haunting Prisoner Portraits (PHOTOS) The project, which was completed over a six year period, has now been compiled into a monograph by Twin Palms Publishers
Ruslan Khasanov's 'Lumen Type' Brings A Whole New Meaning To Bubble Letters (PHOTOS) The experimental and ephemeral font is far superior to the 90s conception of bubble letters, although reading too many may
Tales From The Autism Spectrum The power of art and creativity to illuminate the world for others is not simply a cultural benefit, but also a deeply important tool to help the authors themselves navigate their way through their own emotions, experiences and journeys.
Aerial Images Capture the Hindu Color Festival by Katrin Korfmann See more images in the original designboom article here. 'Kolorit - Yellow' by Katrin Korfmann Katrin Korfmann
Black Friday 2012 For those who dare to perform in the sometimes deadly event that is Black Friday, two skills are required
Gabriel Orozco's 'Asterisms' At The Guggenheim Is An Exquisite Journey Through The Mundane (PHOTOS) When it comes to mundane materials, there is perhaps no artist alive today who can unearth the poetic beauty of found items
Thankful For Tasty New Rock Music! It's been a terrific month for mining new music. With the holidays around the corner, here are some early suggestions for music very much worth sharing with friends, lovers, bosses, and family.
Gift Guide 2012 The most wonderful time of the year is coming up, and with it all that un-wonderful pressure about finding the perfect gift
Met Opera Passion, jealousy, vengeance, and regicide returned to the Metropolitan Opera stage Friday night in a revival of La Clemenza di Tito that boasts a fine cast led by a superb Elina Garanca, who captures all the pathos and anguish of thwarted love and betrayed loyalty in Mozart's last opera.
Studio View 
El Anatsui at the Brodsky Center for Innovative Editions El Anatsui came to the United States from Nigeria to install his work at The High Line, the Diller Scofidio + Renfro and James Corner-designed park in New York City.
Seapunks, Rihanna, And Other Artists Who Steal (SLIDESHOW) Most outsiders are declaring this an unfair fight, arguing the case from a seapunk point of view. But who's protecting the
Post-Election Prescription A person moves toward poetry out of need, says Robert Bly, when religious instruction perhaps fails to resonate deeply enough, or when trying to get in touch with one's senses.
What Did the 2012 Election Mean for the D.C. Arts Community? While local arts organizations only expect a small percentage of their budget to come from government funding, that funding is critical to a healthy and bountiful arts ecosystem.
Five Minutes to Stardom Thinking of those dreaded auditions, I thought I might share some tales from the trade.\nIt also might encourage those who may feel rejected or that they didn't do so well well, since I still was able to make a great career in spite of myself.
'Morbid Anatomy Anthology' For more taxidermic wonder, check out the work of UK-based artist Tessa Farmer in the slideshow below. The Kickstarter recently
The Week In Arts & Culture Movember originally came into being in 2003 when 30 \Mo Bros\ in Melbourne decided to bring awareness to prostate and testicular
Turkey-Lurkey Time It doesn't have to be a dark and stormy night outside for a critic to wonder if reviewing the evening's performance will be a dark and dirty job. All kinds of questions run through a critic's mind as he sits through a less than thrilling night at the theatre.
Hand Turkey Drawings So in the spirit of family-friendly festivities, we want to extend the joy of hand turkeys to the pages of The Huffington
The Week In Arts & Culture With over 30 Obama oil paintings to his name, Keas is perhaps the most prolific Obama artist of all time. We don't know about
'Sleep Song' At Harlem Stage Gatehouse Tells The Unbelievable Stories Of Civilians And Soldiers In Iraq And Afghanistan Poet-musician Mike Ladd's new piece is called \u201cSleep Song,\ and it joins together an ensemble of Iraqi, French and American
Skyfall Although some hyperbolic early reviews somehow made this sound like the new Citizen Kane, don't expect something other than a Bond film. But Skyfall is terrific, entertaining proof that Bond can age and thrive in the world of today.
Britain Discovers a New (Yet Very Old) War Poet Like famed World War I poet Wilfred Owen, Dennis Wilson paints a harsh and unflinching portrayal of war from a soldier's perspective.
Veterans Day The exhibit is an exploration of the work of more than 280 photographers who operated in 28 separate conflict-torn nations
Change Is the Only Constant The word zeitgeist frequently gets bandied about in Christopher Chen's new play, The Hundred Flowers Project, which received its world premiere a week before Election Day from the folks at Crowded Fire Theater Company.
Legendary Illustrator Tomi Ungerer Talks 'Far Out Isn't Far Enough,' And Returning To America (INTERVIEW) The Huffington Post
Election 2012 Enough of the cultural silent majority. What's real is that the arts and their peers are well on their way to Armageddon no matter what may take place by a government near you in early 2013.
Why Anyone Who Values the Arts Should Care About This Election Please don't just vote for someone because of how you think it will affect your wallet -- vote for someone who wants to improve your quality of life on many different levels. Let's encourage Americans to continue innovating in every area that we are capable of -- including the arts.
Arcade Fire's Win Butler Endorses Barack Obama For President Butler, an American living in Montreal, wrote an essay for novelist Dave Egger's Obama endorsement blog 90 Days, 90 Reasons
Guns Will Be Blazing At Cincinnati Art Museum In Preparation For 'Crown' Exhibit Let us know what you think of the museum-turned-target-range in the comments section. And scroll down for a slideshow of
A Poem Guaranteed to Make a Huge Impression Felix Dennis made his fortune in the magazine business, but the British entrepreneur-turned-philanthropist is now determined to make a more permanent mark on the world, quite literally.
Happy Birthday, Mike Kelley! (SLIDESHOW) Throughout his life, Kelley took on the roles of student, critic, curator and artist, fashioning himself as a force to be
Coming to America While many conservatives whine \I want my country back,\ they forget that America's strength has always been built on the backs of immigrants (like their very own ancestors). People from every corner of the globe have looked to America as \the land of opportunity.\
Diane Gaeta's 'Lolitas' Exhibition Turns Adolescent Girls' Facebook Pictures Into Creepy Works Of Art (PHOTOS) Artist Diane Gaeta got in contact with a Parisian teenager named Heidi via email. Heidi proceeded to send Gaeta Facebook
Happy Birthday, Roy Lichtenstein! (PHOTOS) Check out images from the retrospective below and let us know how you are celebrating the pop fiend's birthday in the comments
The Week In Arts & Culture Read the rest of Homeboy Sandman's blog post on commercial rap here and join the conversation. Twenty-five thousand years
Deborah Kass On Appropriation, Barbra Streisand, And The Dissolving Middle Class (PHOTOS, INTERVIEW) DK
The Smithsonian Celebrates the Faces of American Poetry The Smithsonian exhibit is great way to meditate on how American poetry has changed in response to American culture, and how it will continue to change.  As Whitman put it \I tramp a perpetual journey, (come listen all!).\
Steve McQueen At Art Institute Of Chicago Steve McQueen. Bear, 1993. Photo courtesy of the artist, Marian Goodman Gallery, New York /Paris, and Thomas Dane Gallery
James Rosenquist, Pop Art Legend, On Romney, Multiple Universes, And Young'uns Who 'Don't Know How To Paint' (INTERVIEW) (PHOTOS) Correction
Edward Boccia Dead Boccia continued his prolific painting career until his death, developing a style referred to as \figurative expressionism
Musings, Music, and Monologues There I was, trying to find a hook that could unite my thoughts about curious solo turns when I came across a headline on The Huffington Post that screamed
Yves Klein Sponge Relief Expected To Nab $10 Million At Auction (PHOTO) The piece is essentially a large-scale sponge relief soaked in the artist's signature color -- International Klein Blue (IKB
Birds Photographed Like Human Models (SLIDESHOW) But after four months, and many a beak injury, he\u2019d managed to turn even the fiestiest red-tailed hawk into an elegant model
Ramon Bruin's 3D Drawings Jump Off The Page (PHOTOS) The Dutch illustrator is creating realistic 3D renderings of snakes, birds and bridges using a pencil, paper and what we
The Week In Arts & Culture This week on the Arts & Culture page we learned all about Paul Ryan's package to prosperity and saw what happens when Harvard
'Alan Cumming Snaps!' When he's not destroying political enemies as Eli Gold on the CBS drama The Good Wife, Alan Cumming practices a different
Tolkien's Take on the Arthurian Legends It will be interesting to see how Tolkien handles the old legends, and how readers respond to the old form in the hands of such a talented and popular author.
Stirling Prize Winner 2012 Is 'Modest' Sainsbury Laboratory, Not Koolhaas, Not Olympic Stadium (PHOTOS) Not only has Stanton Williams never before won the Prize -- which the past two years has gone to work by architecture hotshot
Ahead Of MoMA Exhibit, Art Collector Claims 'The Scream' Has Nazi History Already under fire by heirs of Jews whose art was stolen, the Museum of Modern Art plans to display what one man claims is
David Mamet's November at the Mark Taper Forum David Mamet's political farce November, which ran for six months on Broadway in 2008, gets a crackling revival at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles.
Lost Gustav Mahler Photo Pits Schoenberg Family Against L.A. Resident Cliff Fraser (PHOTO) The Schoenberg family maintains that the likelihood that Arnold voluntarily parted with the photograph, first discovered
'My Little Pony Project' Hester Pop-Up Shop Updates The Retro Toys  (PHOTOS) Don't lie, you had a My Little Pony. You spent hours combing its tail with those pastel plastic brushes and chanting \Friendship
Jason Shawn Alexander's 'SIC' Blends Figurative Painting And Graphic Illustration (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Jason Shawn Alexander's {sic} will show from October 13th through November 26th at 101/exhibit Los Angeles. Alexander will
The Week In Arts & Culture Damien Hirst refers to 'Verity' as a \modern-day allegory for truth and justice.\ Those who have to look at it, like Northam
Real Men Perform Monologues Three of the manly monologues performed at the 2012 San Francisco Fringe Festival focused on masculinity issues that folks like Mitt Romney would much prefer to discuss \in quiet rooms\ (if at all).
Halloween Costume Ideas For Art Lovers In 2012 The pressure is rising to secure a good Halloween costume, and The Huffington Post is here to help. Who needs ghosts, witches
'Rube Goldberg Freerunning' Cartoonist Rube Goldberg was best known for his illustrations of \machines,\ intricate and over-engineered contraptions designed
Esprit de Corpse Every body needs a buddy. That buddy may come in the form of a coroner who is totally dedicated to his work or a mortician who loves the smell of formaldehyde.
Big Bird in Romney's Sights and the National Endowment for the Arts Is Next Governor Romney may call himself a Republican, but he is not a Republican of the iconic stature of President Reagan. President Reagan fully understood the importance of the arts to the formation of the nation's character.
On 'Cats' 30th Anniversary, A Brief History (SLIDESHOW) Today marks the 30th anniversary of Cats' Broadway premiere. Based on the whimsical poems of T.S. Eliot\u2019s \u201cOld Possum\u2019s Book
Dale Chihuly As A Young Man Dale Chihuly, Traveling in Turkey, 1963 It's glassblowing tour de force Dale Chihuly at the ripe age of 22. This photograph
The Week In Arts & Culture Ever wonder what happens when you combine firearm expertise, underwater experimentation and precious stone collecting? We'd
Beth Frey, Etsy Artist, Offers Customers The Thrill Of Fame With 'You, Warhol, Unicorn' (PHOTO) If you're still not sure if Frey's work is for you, read the artist's own description below to see if you're meant to ride
Grace on Broadway The play Grace takes stylistic liberties, showing the end at the beginning, and playing scenes in reverse, almost cinematically, so that the actor Paul Rudd walks backwards trying desperately to return to pre-cataclysmic grace.
Happy Anniversary, 'The Jazz Singer'! (SLIDESHOW) Blackface, as we know, did not end with \The Jazz Singer.\ The contested makeup method had a life before the 1927 film as
Breaking Up Is Hard to Do 
'Young Mona'? Doubts Grow as Experts Hostile, Evasive or Say 'Misrepresented' Last week, a version of the Mona Lisa, that had languished unseen in a Swiss bank vault for nearly half-a-century, was unveiled with all the razzamatazz of a new Ferrari.
The Week In Arts & Culture This week things got hot and heavy on the Arts & Culture page as people were peeved about \Piss Christ,\ perfected their
Exclusive Interview With Yo Yo Ma on the Spirituality of Music Tonight in Chapel Hill, N.C., Yo Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble will give the world premiere of Dmitry Janov-Janovsky's hour-long Stravinsky fantasy called Sacred Signs at the University of North Carolina.
Happy Birthday, Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio! (PHOTOS) In honor of Caravaggio's birthday, we've put together a slideshow of his best works. Check out the images below and let us
'La Boheme' At Philadelphia Opera Uses High-Tech Van Goghs And Renoirs (PHOTOS) Throughout the performance, Van Goghs, Renoirs, Manets, and more will be projected in high resolution on the set's backdrop
Chris Roberts-Antieau's 'Fabric Paintings' Are Bright, Ingenious, And Downright Kalman-esque (PHOTOS) The color and humor of Chris Roberts-Antieau's childlike fabric paintings may remind you of the brilliant Maira Kalman. Writing
Four Poems for Autumn Here are poems by William Shakespeare, Robert Frost, William Blake and Carl Sandburg that explore what the fall can teach us about our humanity.
The Week In Arts & Culture Chihuly's work may not say much, but it sparks an exciting conversation about what constitutes a work of art in terms of
Interview with the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Limor Tomer Today I am sharing with you an interview with the general manager of concerts and lectures at the Met.
Kim Jong-Un's Goes 'Gangnam Style' In New North Korean Psy Parody Song From 'Key Of Awesome' (VIDEO) Oppa Kim Jong Style! Are you ready for this? In the latest Psy parody video, we see a faux version of North Korea's young
Artist Amy Stein Captures Stunning Photos Of Animals Out Of The Wild In Her Series 'Domesticated' (PHOTOS) In an e-mail to The Huffington Post, Stein described her series as follows
'Ferdinand Hodler The extensive exhibition will cover Hodler's most influential pieces along with 45 photographs of the artist, many of which
Lady Gaga, FAME and The Age of Aquarius Scaaaary Move!!\ Lindsay Lohan was tempted, but then refused to have her photo taken for Heide Hatry's \Schrodinger's Cat
The Week In Arts & Culture This week in the Arts & Culture world we oozed jealousy over whoever found a flea market Renoir, got all squeaky about the
Some Mistakes Are Built to Last George Michael's body of work may ascend to the heavens but our unforgiving memory will always make sure he is associated with that which we deemed regrettable. If some mistakes are built to last, we must also believe that some mistakes are built to dissolve.
A Poetry App Worth a Look (and a Listen) True to Hart's vision, readers can study all of the app's offerings quietly, or can call on the voice of a skilled reader. The app features a star-studded lineup, including Ralph Fiennes, Jeremy Irons, former James Bond actor Roger Moore and playwright Harold Pinter.
Top Ten Tips for Art Gallery Hopping t can be intimidating if this is your first time to an art opening or art fair; but, despite some quirky old misconception that has hung around for way too long, art is not just for the rich or privileged. Art is for everyone. It's practically one of the Ten Commandments.
Happy Birthday, Jean Arp! (PHOTOS) Today is the birthday of French avante-garde artist Jean Arp. The sculptor and painter, who when speaking in German referred
Musical Hijinks at the 2012 San Francisco Fringe Festival Each year's San Francisco Fringe Festival is bound to contain a few surprises. Legacy of the Tiger Mother is an intriguing one-act musical by Angela Chan and Michael Manley that isn't afraid to grab a tiger mother by the tail and whirl her around in the air.
Louise Fishman On Fifty Years Of Fitting In While Sticking Out (INTERVIEW, PHOTOS) Fifty years of Fishman's work is showing at the Woodmere Museum in Philadelphia this October. She will show alongside two
Daniel Edlen, Vinyl Artist, On The One LP He Wouldn't Paint (SLIDESHOW) As a teenager with a lot of time and records, I combined my love of music with a couple high school art projects. My teacher
Joo Heng Tan's Sand Sculptures Take 24 Hours To Complete (SLIDESHOW) For some of Tan's work, click through the images below. If you like what you see, head to his site \Sandworkz\ for more. In
Alex Katz Celebrates 85th Birthday At Essl Museum With Largest Ever Austria Exhibition (PHOTOS) Born in Brooklyn in 1927, Katz attended the Cooper Union art school in the late 1940s. When Jackson Pollock and his splatter
Poems About (Skipping) School The end of summer in America brings with it two absolutes
Papermoon Puppet Theater Portrays Indonesia's Darker History (INTERVIEW) Papermoon's performances reveal intimate moments of Indonesia's past, but the company maintains that a discussion of politically
The Week In Arts & Culture Artist Shepard Fairey was sentenced to two years probation in a U.S. District Court in Manhattan Friday. We know there are
It's Payday For The Winners Of Damien Hirst's Spot Challenge (PHOTOS) By our math, a New York-London-Paris-Rome-Athens-Geneva-Hong Kong-New York bender costs a cool $3,799. (You could swing it
A Dance Performance Choreographed In Your Own Home \This Town is a Mystery\ runs as part of the 2012 Philadelphia Live Arts Festival from September 7 through September 22. Find
Wolfe von Lenkiewicz Goes Mad Scientist On Hieronymus Bosch's 'Garden of Earthly Delights' (PHOTOS) Lenkiewicz mirrors the style of Renaissance old masters, with a devoted craftsmanship that makes every jeweled speck of paint
Kathryn E. Delmez on Carrie Mae Weems at the Frist I would be hard pressed to think of anyone in the visual arts who has done more to make public the centuries old discrimination of race and gender, the oppressive effects of power, the intricacies of domesticity and our general sense of place as human beings than Carrie Mae Weems.
The Week In Arts & Culture If Mitt Romney has his way in November, the checkmate crowd would see their program eliminated altogether. Doodles have since
Artists Who Were Late Bloomers More often than not, our cultural heroes are barely of drinking age when they make their mark
Two in the Memory The specific positioning towards the topic of memory in Bird in the Hand is my favorite thing about the play. In this piece, memory is something that self-consciously interacts with imagination and mental self-preservation.
Russian Christians Overrun Museum Of Erotic Art In Moscow Footage of the Orthodox activists at the aMuseum of Erotic Art. The stunt's organizer, Dmitry Enteo, told RIA Novosti that
Inside Temp, Alex Ahn's And Ari Lipkis' Gallery For Post-Millennials (INTERVIEW) NYU grads Alex Ahn and Ari Lipkis are testing that premise in Tribeca with the opening of Temp, a gallery for their peers
The Great Communicator Leonard Bernstein's legacy is more vital than ever in a time when the arts face a threat greater than a lack of public funding
The Women Who Haunt Us From the sirens of the silver screen to the fierce feminists who helped change the world, many a proud woman has left her mark on civilization.
The Week In Arts & Culture For his \u201cRedhead Girl,\u201d based on the photograph by Russian photographer Kristina Taraina, he used seven different colored
A Re-imagined Ancient Mariner Calls for Change Michael Bloor, a professor at Cardiff University's Seafarers International Research Centre, has spent twelve years uncovering the harsh and unjust working conditions faced by an often overlooked group
Theater You can't really dislike a show that warms up the audience with the second half of Bruce Springsteen's Born To Run album and there is care and craft on display. When Harlan grapples with characters as deftly as he handles concepts, it will be worth checking out.
Happy Birthday, Dorothea Tanning! (PHOTOS) Though the artist focused more heavily on her poetry at the end of her life, her impact on the Surrealist movement was never
Tim Tadder's Photo Series \Water Wigs\ Captures Beautiful Intersection Of Baldness And Water Balloons (PHOTOS) TT
The Circus of Life Time flies when you're having fun. It's hard to believe that half a century has passed since A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum debuted at the Alvin Theatre on May 8, 1962.
The Week In Arts & Culture Albinism is a hereditary condition resulting in the absence of pigment in hair, skin and eyes, which can lead to serious
Animal Collective's New Album 'Centipede HZ' Will Premiere And Stream Tonight On Animal Collective Radio (WATCH) Tonight at 9 PM eastern, the psychedelic indie-band Animal Collective, in association with The Creators Project and Domino
'Jean-Michel Othoniel The French artist, who is only 48 years old, is housing a retrospective at the Brooklyn Museum of Art, featuring his beaded
Matthias D\u00fcwel's 'Eden' Comes To Martha Otero Gallery (PHOTOS) Matthias D\u00fcwel's \Eden\ presents a plastic-coated world, constantly shifting and proliferating itself. A never-ending roller
Pussy Riot in Edinburgh The Edinburgh Fringe Festival held an event in solidarity with the Pussy Riot artists yesterday. About 35 people attended. About 10 took part in the direct organization and performance. Was it significant?
Christophe Honore Discusses His New Film, Beloved, Starring Catherine Deneuve (INTERVIEW, PHOTOS) Unfortunately not. I wasn\u2019t in a school. When I arrived in Paris, I didn\u2019t know anybody. I was lucky because I sent a letter
'The Art Underground' 00:54 - New York in Transit, 2001 by Jacob Lawrence (Times Square Station) 00:15 - Empress Voyage 2.22.1794, 1998 by Bing
Production Designer Paul Smithyman On NYC's First Serial Killer Gallery Exhibit 'Killers Photo by Joshua Hoffine Each year brings a new iteration of Nightmare with a new theme, this year focusing on the most gruesome
Poetry and the Bottom Line Does poetry have something to teach the business world?  Simon Bainbridge, a literature professor at Lancaster University, believes it does.
The Week In Art & Culture In her 1988 memoir, \Famous For 15 Minutes
Can She Sing? Big Maybelle The woods are dark and deep, and rife with loss, chance encounter, menace and mischief in the revival of Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine's musical Into the Woods, well staged amidst the foliage at Central Park's Delacorte Theater.
Bay Area Local Arts Tie-Ins Much of the evening's success is due to Wilma Bonet's performance as Vieja. Short, squat, and filled with foreboding, the emotional and dramatic power of Bonet's nurse make the self-satisfied machismo of Creon and Jason seem downright puny.
Cheech Marin Gets High on Chicano Art, Ya'll (VIDEO) I had the opportunity to film Cheech Marin in his Pacific Palisades home and show the world his infamous art collection. Sometimes warm, sometimes cynical, and sometimes profound, I found Marin's passion for the artists he champions as real and sincere.
Quay Brothers 'On Deciphering the Pharmacist's Prescription' Debuts At MoMA (PHOTOS) \On Deciphering the Pharmacist's Prescription for Lip-Reading Puppets\ is on view from August 12, 2012\u2013January 7, 2013 at
Words and Not Enough Words and Words Don't Say Enough There are words and not enough words about the outbursts of violence in Wisconsin and Colorado. In the artistic realm, many of us strive to carve out, or even go as squatters into, a place where the search for meaning uses other resources than words.
The Gang's All Here Friday was the opening of Beach Life, the new exhibition at Guild Hall, and Guild Hall's annual summer gala under a tent at nearby Gardiner's Farm.
Marina Abramovic Makes 'Girls' Star Jemima Kirk Cry During 'The Artist Is Present' At MoMA (PHOTOS) Jemima Kirke has had, by all accounts, an awesome year. She plays dreamy bohemian Jessa on Lena Dunham's hit show \Girls
Marilyn Monroe Supercut Video By Scott Blake On The Anniversary Of Her Death (VIDEO) Do you remember the moment Marilyn Monroe walked into your life? To refresh your memory, we are providing you with a supercut
The Week in Art \[I] wanted to push the sort blank graphic style of text artists like Lawrence Weiner and see if I could make it a vehicle
Can You Hear Me Now? During the 30-year period from 1970 to 2000, the wall between contemporary opera and musical theater was pretty thoroughly demolished.
Colorful Camouflage We came across Jean Paul Bourdier's work over at Designboom and couldn't help but be in awe of his 'Bodyscapes' project, which
Zacron Dead Zacron, the visual artist known for his iconic album cover for Led Zeppelin's seminal 1970 album \III,\ has passed away after
Guilty Pleasures Has YouTube become the new porn?
The Week In Art Speaking of heroes... PBS released a gem of a video remixing the late and great Bob Ross and his \Joy of Painting\ instructional
Lily Simonson's 'Wet And Wild' Insect Soap Operas Hit CB1 Gallery (PHOTOS) Weaving art and science Simonson shows the strange beauty of a bug's biology. She depicts physical makeups so bizarre they
D-L Alvarez's 'MATRIX 243' Brings Granulated Horror To Berkeley Art Museum (PHOTOS) The second series of the exhibition is called \Something To Cry About (I and II)\ and features patchwork bodysuits draped
Matjames Metson's \Method Attic\ 
London's Mayor Gets to the Greek How good was London Mayor Boris Johnson's recitation of a poem at the Olympic Gala this past Monday? And he did it speaking ancient Greek, no less.
Happy 125th Birthday Marcel Duchamp! (PHOTOS) In the few years following, Duchamp dabbled in musical compositions, art-science experiments and kinetic studies, and continued
Underwater Photography Exhibit By Andreas Frank Debuts On Sunken Ship (PHOTOS) Check out footage from the exhibition and see the images themselves in the slideshow below. To show his exhibition, dubbed
Luzinterruptus Exchanges Plastic Bags For Museum Tickets For 'Plastic Garbage Guarding The Museum' (PHOTOS) The work was installed outside the Gewerbemuseum Winterthur in Switzerland. After collecting around 5,000 plastic bags, the
Telling Harrowing Tales About Child Abuse Black N Blue Boys/Broken Men is a deeply disturbing and powerful one-woman show written and performed by Dael Orlandersmith.
Happy Birthday, Edward Hopper! (PHOTOS) So don't forget to raise your glass to Edward Hopper's Birthday today! And check out the slideshow below of some of the artist's
Martin Roemers' 'The Eyes Of War' Provides Striking Photographs Of Those Blinded In World War II (PHOTOS) Photographer Martin Roemers captured black-and-white portraits of 40 survivors of World War II for his series \The Eyes of
'The Architecture Alphabet' By Designer Stephen Wildish Supports '99% Invisible' (PHOTO) We had a lot of fun with \Project Twin's\ A-Z guide to unusual words, the alternate alphabet that illustrated the meaning
The Mosaic Man Jim Power Restores His Legendary Mosaic Trail In Manhattan's East Village (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Jim Power has been beautifying lamp posts and storefronts in the East Village since 1985. Three years later, the Village
William Trost Richards Painting 'Adirondack Landscape' Donated To Adirondack Museum (PHOTO) The moment we saw this image we had to hold ourselves back from hopping on the next flight to the Adirondacks, mostly because
Viewing Life Through New Lenses Imagine a documentary in which the natural beauty of a film that might have been created for the National Geographic Channel is combined with the subversive anti-gravitational thrill of a carnival ride. Then fasten your seatbelt and enjoy \u00a1Vivan las Antipodas!.
A Stage for One In some of my experiences, galleries have found it challenging to accommodate artists who work in a D-I-Y aesthetic or believe there is no need to provide certain technical requirements, just because... it's D-I-Y.
Happy Birthday Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn! (PHOTOS) Rembrandt's artistic career was so prolific it is nearly impossible to attribute a distinct style or subject to his work
Are We Teaching Artists to Fail*? I wish more programs on the business of art would include more expanded ways of thinking in their offerings. Failure or success is never final.
Truth, Beauty & Desire in Vienna (Klimt's Drawings at the Getty) The Getty exhibition \Gustav Klimt
Happy 150th Birthday Gustav Klimt! (PHOTOS) Today is the 150th anniversary of the birth of Austrian symbolist painter, Gustav Klimt, known best as the creator of the
The Chicago Tour Diary 
What a Piece of Work Is Man While each has its unique moments of despair, a ribald sense of optimism courses through each filmmaking effort. It's too bad these films have such limited potential for distribution. My hope is that each finds a wider audience.
Jenny Saville At Modern Art Oxford One thing that remains consistent throughout Saville's work is skin, skin and more skin. Yet a glimpse into Saville's world
Happy Birthday Marc Chagall! Chagall's dynamic career included theater sets, stained glass, Biblical interpretations and so much more. Yet he remained
The Week In Art The AP tells us
French Photographer Leo Caillard Captures South Beach's Vibrant \Miami Houses\ (PHOTOS) Alas, the volatile southeastern weather patterns were not kind to Lane's original designs, and many of the first towers were
Fourth Today is the Fourth of July and I am thinking about war.  There will be barbeques.  There will be parades.  There will be fireworks.  But I am a military wife, and today is the Fourth of July, and I am thinking about war.
Living Life on Their Own Terms Most people recall the phrase \life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness\ as they celebrate Independence Day. Some, however, think of what individual freedom means when it comes to defying the expectations of others.
Kyrgyz Artist Aida Sulova Confronts Waste Problem in Bishkek (PHOTOS) The waste management dilemma in Kyrgyzstan has been an ongoing problem for the post-Soviet country, and the Bishkek municipal
Only in America 
15 Iconic American Images In Celebration of the Fourth of July (SLIDESHOW) In honor of the 4th of July, we've put together a slideshow of the some of the most iconic images of American art. From Norman
Sing For Your Supper What happens to children who have figured out that nothing can stop them from making music for the sheer fun of it? In 2001, a group of Swedish musicians produced a deliciously droll short film entitled Music For One Apartment and Six Drummers.
Haiku Reviews HuffPost Arts' Haiku Reviews is a monthly feature where invited critics review exhibitions and performances in short form
The Week In Art FlippyCat, also known as \Van Dominogh,\ recreated Van Gogh's \The Starry Night,\ after 11 hours and a whopping 7,067 dominoes
'Alighiero Boetti Boetti's sense of tempo and articulation seemed to dance with his tongue-in-cheek challenge to the viewer to mentally interpret for themselves what is meant and what is not intended to have meaning.
Lucian Freud's 'Naked Truths' Documentary Premiers In Conjunction With 'Portraits' Exhibition At The Modern Art Museum Of Fort Worth (PHOTOS) With paintings that are the anti-photoshop, Freud captured the true, frustrating, stimulating and often repulsive experience
Theater and the University If the relationship between the not-for-profit theater and the university may have sometimes been a scene of marital strife, the extension of non-profits into the commercial theater is a serious misalliance that may lead to a divorce between the professional theater and the university.
Gonif With the Wind If there is one drawback to Annenberg's film it's that viewers may be torn between trying to read the rapidly changing subtitles while listening to people speaking conversational Yiddish onscreen for the first time in decades.
'Ends Of The Earth' Brings Land Art To MoCA (PHOTOS) It is no easy feat to fill a gallery or museum with massive, ephemeral works, all spread around the world. Yet Land Art always
LUMEN Festival Transforms 150,000 Tons Of Salt Into Surreal Playground (PHOTOS) Brambilla will show his renowned \Sea of Tranquility,\ shown above, a time lapse of the first U.S. moon landing depicting
The Week In Art In Maes' works, he uses intensely saturated colors and large-scale prints that draw out the still-present grandeur of the
Sharon Hayes Performance 'There's So Much I Want To Say To You' At The Whitney Museum Of American Art (PHOTOS) Yes, I think so. I can also answer it more complexly to say the two political conditions I\u2019m most deeply informed by as a
Happy Birthday, M.C. Escher! (PHOTOS) Photo
Father's Day Happy Father's Day to all of fathers who help your children to go on struggling to do their best. There is reason for this faith, but reason alone doesn't quite justify it. There is a gap. Love fills the gap.
Don't Let Go of Your Dream 
The Australian Ballet's Infinity at the Koch Theater Maybe TAB's dancers just needed to forget for a moment that they were ballet dancers, subject to ballet's oppressive standards -- because it was when they put on face paint and body paint, loincloths and headdresses, that they looked most like a world-class ballet company.
To Die For You heard it here first
Primary Sources,The Studio Museum's Annual Artists in Residence Exhibition For all three 2011 - 2012 Artists in Residence -- Njideka Akunyili, Meleko Mokgosi and Xaviera Simmons -- Primary Sources is a big moment; it's a send-off show, concluding their residencies at the museum.
The Art Of Fatherhood HuffPost Arts would like to officially thank all the Dads out there for all of their hard work, generosity and insight. We
David Bizer's Waveform Necklaces Using Audio Samples (PHOTOS) If you are interested in donning one of these interesting pieces, Bizer has laid out some useful tips for picking the perfect
The Week In Art Well, that was our week. Let us know your favorite moments. Have a wonderful and relaxing weekend, readers! Montreal-based
International Festival Of Arts And Ideas Kicks Off In New Haven (PHOTOS) The two week festival was founded in 1996, differentiating itself from the other established art fairs with its interdisciplinary
David Hockney's 'A Bigger Picture' Spends Summer At Guggenheim Bilbao (PHOTOS) Since 1960 David Hockney has charmed the world with his Pop-primitivist paintings, which, never taking themselves too seriously
Talented Newbies No one expects a teenager to suddenly be hailed as the next Mozart or Martin Scorsese. But, as three films screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival clearly demonstrate, an impressive new generation of filmmakers is starting to deliver some very exciting work.
Happy Birthday, Gustave Courbet! (PHOTOS, NSFW) Continuing to punctuate his talent with a bit of naughtiness, Courbet turned towards sexuality to rumple the feathers of
A Bakhshi in Central Asia Can it withstand the lure and easy listening of the pop music one hears all over Uzbekistan? Will another generation find meaning, wisdom and strength in its messages? Time will tell.
The Week In Art Marc Quinn, Self Marc Quinn is perhaps not surprisingly a member of the controversial team of Young British Artists, alongside
Brilliant After Breakfast On Their Tech-Savvy Museum Hijacking (PHOTOS, VIDEO, INTERVIEW) HP
Fishing Expeditions From ancient tales of the lost city of Atlantis to Jules Verne's 1870 classic, 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea, life under the sea has been a never-ending source of fear and fantasy.
Michael Knight's 'Wayward' Opens At Luis De Jesus Gallery (PHOTOS) Brushtop, Michael Knight \Wayward\ will show at Luis De Jesus Gallery in Los Angeles from June 2 to July 14. The tiny paintings
The Week In Art This week we heard the heartwarming story behind a Beastie Boys fan's tribute to Adam Yauch, with a little help from Shepard
Stage Door One of the more provocative forums of engagement is theater. We've come a long way from enforced segregation, but as Clybourne Park ruefully notes, we have yet to realize Martin Luther King's dream of a color-blind society.
Russian Street Artist Nikita Nomerz' 'Living Faces' (PHOTOS) Nomerz' industrial makeovers go beyond the typical street art creations. Instead of merely using the buildings as a canvas
Art and Money The numbers are in. The prices of blue-chip art are bigger than they have ever been at a time when whole countries have contemplated fiscal bankruptcy and currency devaluation. Fine art is a art is a global currency less volatile than the euro, dollar or drachma... or Facebook stock.
A Landscape of Irrational Exuberance 
\I've Never Seen Anything Like It\ When Fernando Botero had his first solo exhibition, in 1951 at the small Leo Matiz Gallery, in Bogot\u00e1, his work was so heterogeneous
Julian Hibbard's 'Tales of an Unknown Aviator' Fighter Plane Series (PHOTOS) Other references for Demetrious would be the images of Louviere and Vanessa and Loretta Lux's work. What artist or artwork
Lana Shuttleworth's 'Ethnomorphic Landscapes' At George Billis Gallery (PHOTOS) How much attention have you given to safety cones? Aside from swerving to avoid them, or fleeing the scene if you did... have
Farewell to Cannes His film was premiering in Cannes, the Mount Olympus of film festivals. In a way, he had already won. And so had the rest of us.
Two Young Playwrights Show Great Promise If any theater company's artistic director is looking to produce an evening of white-knuckle drama with a small cast, I can't recommend Sam Leichter's trilogy of short plays strongly enough. His writing is exquisite, his plotting meticulous, and his characters are unforgettable.
Happy Birthday Dorothea Lange (PHOTOS) doroth Lange was married to an economist, and when the Depression era began the two began interviewing and researching exploited
The Week In Art In \Finding Francesca Woodman,\ Jillian Steinhauer writes about the morbid fascination with the young photographer's suicide
Allison Schulnik's \Salty Air\ Brings Mermaids And Scallywags To Mark Moore Gallery (PHOTOS) Yet most frightening of all may be Ariel herself, who is given legs by an evil queen in exchange for her tongue. Some of
Lesley Dill's 'Faith & the Devil' Comes To George Adams Gallery (PHOTOS) The mission of Lesley Dill's 'Faith & the Devil' could not be any more ambitious
Don't Miss FWD 
The Week In Art Lastly, we enjoyed Ryan Enn Hughes animated GIFs of people jumping around with sparklers. Sometimes art doesn't have to be
Ofri Cnaani's 'Special Effects' At Andrea Meislin Gallery (PHOTOS) \Magic on Hold,\ is a sculptural installation which explores the mechanics of trickery. Moviemakers act as projection devices
Fusebox This podcast features writer Robert Faires (photo credit
Sufi Pop Rocks the Asia Society (VIDEO) Arif Lohar brought his electrified Sufi music to the Asia Society and pretty much tore the place apart.  Lohar wooed the audience, and the audience responded in spades.
'Roger Ballen Photographs 1969 \u2013 2009' At Marta Herford Gallery (PHOTOS) A collection of Roger Ballen's work from 1969 \u2013 2009 will show at Marta Herford in Herford, Germany is on display until June
Fighting Back Against the Bullies Despite the tendency of many Americans to think that the whole world revolves around them, the phenomenon of bullying takes place in any society where power games lead to one person attempting to dominate another.
Kehinde Wiley On 'Economy Of Grace,' His First Exhibition Featuring Women (PHOTOS) KW
Innovative Educational Program 'Hi Art!' Immerses Little Kids In High Art (PHOTOS) Bellen-Berth\u00e9z\u00e8ne sat the kids down to continue watching Rimsky's \Sadko,\ an opera they would watch and interact with over
Dana Schutz's 'Piano In The Rain' Debuts At Friedrich Petzel Gallery (PHOTOS) \Piano in the Rain\ imbues bizarre scenarios with a personal intimacy. One character looks both like a monster and an over
The Art Of Motherhood HuffPost Arts would like to officially thank moms everywhere for their countless gifts of strength and inspiration. What
Artist Mother Artist Son Here's another big thing about her
Skywalking Russians Take Amazing Photos (PHOTOS) Correction
The Week In Art While not the most comforting aspect of the exhibition, Andres Serrano's morgue portraits will definitely grab your attention
Jennie Ottinger's 'What To Do With Your Orphan HP
Cinco de Mayo Artisphere is the first and only venue in the United States to present Frida Kahlo
Stage Door There is a difference between an apparition and the real thing -- and the same can be said of a Broadway show. It can be rendered cinematically, as in Ghost, The Musical, thereby becoming a musical that thinks it's a movie.
D.I.Y Urbanism The project is open ended, but the 43 square kilometer site is anticipated to include 15,000 dwellings, provide 26,000 jobs
Mitchell Johnson The Italian colors, the clay earth, the buildings, the vast quilts of man-made fields really overwhelmed me. I was clueless as to how to make the shiny saturated colors coming out of my tubes comment on the experiences I was having discovering a new world.
The Week In Art Most often artwork made with a cardboard box is referred to as a diorama and is made by a third grader, but sometimes the
Fumi Nakamura's 'Our Hands Will Eventually Destroy Everything Beautiful' (PHOTOS) Fumi Nakamura's drawings contain all of the elements of a fairytale except the narrative flow itself. The drawings invoke
MOST at Salone del Mobile, by Tom Dixon (VIDEO) Tom Dixon, now almost a veteran at the most anticipated design fair of the year -- Salone del Mobile -- managed to transform The Museum for Science and Technology into an ambitious environment for innovation and culture, MOST.
HuffPost Arts Interviews 'Bel Borba' Filmmakers Burt Sun and Andre Costantini (VIDEO) BS
Valerie Hegarty's 'Altered States' At Marlborough Gallery Makes Deterioration Look Good (PHOTOS) Somehow both patriotism and horror are palpable in Valerie Hegarty's works, which she mutilates and brings to new life in
'Gender in Izolyatsia' Explores Identity In Ukraine (PHOTOS, NSFW) We recently featured the work of JeongMee Yoon, who explored gender norms as manifested through various children's color
The Magic of Mamma Mia! I took in the experience and something occurred to me. I looked around at the packed theater and wondered how Mamma Mia! could still draw such a huge crowd after \100\ years?
Stage Door One Man, Two Guvnors is simply the funniest play on Broadway. From its stupendously silly one-liners to its outrageously silly plot, the show is a triumph of slapstick and satire. End of the Rainbowis also a tour de force.
The Week In Art In one of the most extraordinary new music documentaries to come in recent memory, Academy Award-winning director Kevin Macdonald
Brandon Balleng\u00e9e's 'Collapse Do you think art can effectively raise awareness for environmental causes? What is an issue you care about? Let us know in
\Archizines + Arch-Art! Books\ Comes To Storefront For Art And Architecture (PHOTOS) The double exhibition \Archizines + Arch-Art! Books\ will show that even if print is not the norm, its importance and influence
Katharina Wulff's Whimsical Mysteries Hit San Francisco Museum Of Modern Art (PHOTOS) Berlin-born Wulff now lives and works in Morocco, weaving the winding streets of Marrakech into her ghostly pieces. Her latest
Week In Art Artist Nina Katchadourian has a creative way of passing the time on a long-haul flights
Meet Contemporary Art's \Bad Girls Of 2012\ (PHOTOS) Narcissister, \I'm Every Woman\ video still. Spaces such as Artists Space, A.I.R, and Franklin Furnace have influenced me
Charlotta Westergren's Stunning Exhibition 'Survival, Evasion, Resistance, Escape' (PHOTOS) The other paintings depict Biblical animals with the precision reminiscent of traditional Flemish masters. Isolated, vulnerable
Nari Ward's 'Liberty and Orders' At Lehmann Maupin (PHOTOS) View a slideshow of his work below, and let us know your thoughts in the comments section. I usually see something, which
6000 Miles Away -- Or, A Love Letter To Sylvie Guillem 
The Week In Art What art stood out to you this week? Let us know in the comments section. Happy weekending, everyone! This week at HuffPost
Jonathan Schipper's Slow Motion Car Crash Art Installation (VIDEO) For today's edition of things you would not expect to see in an art gallery
Stage Door A trio of loopy, but gifted magicians perform a unique blend of magic and mayhem. Now at St. Ann's Warehouse in Brooklyn's DUMBO neighborhood. Or as they call it
\Faux Real\ Exhibition Displays Prolific Forger's Work On April Fools' Day (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Do you think this exhibition is in good taste? Let us know what you think! Aaron Cowan, the director of galleries for the
The 10 Best Art Pranks In History (PHOTOS) Ever since Marcel Duchamp hung a toilet bowl in a museum gallery, the overlap between artists and pranksters cannot be denied
What Does Trayvon's Shooting Mean for Architects and Urbanists? With the death of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida, the worlds of architecture and urbanism cannot afford to hear no evil/see no evil this time.
The Week In Art In \Mid-Century Ads
Haiku Reviews HuffPost Arts' Haiku Reviews is a monthly feature where invited critics review exhibitions and performances in short form
Wang Jun, Artist, Spends One Month On A Scale To Lose Weight With his weight permanently displayed on the monitor, a web-cam will live-stream his project online where he will interact
Happy 45th Birthday, Matthew Barney! Barney was born in San Francisco, but soon moved to Idaho until his parents divorced, allowing the young artist to spend
\Voices Of Light\ Channels Joan Of Arc At Berkeley's Zellerbach Hall (PHOTOS) The New York Times said the film \takes precedence over anything that has so far been produced. It makes worthy pictures
Dario Escobar Makes Objects Go Pop In Latin America, it is hard to avoid the distinction of being controversial or politically-charged as Escobar found out
Week In Art The AP reports
Behind The Curtain See a slideshow of the work below, and let us know what you think in the comments section. The exhibition will run until
Getting to Know Gregor Piatigorsky It was yet another high point of the Gregor Piatigorsky International Cello Festival
The Week In Art Well, that was our week. How was yours? Hello again readers! We had an action-packed week, filled with office supplies, ghost
March 2012 L.A. Art Reviews I went out with a camera and avoided any copyright infractions by running outside onto public property to discuss the work
Stage Door Events change, stars come and go. We live in a world littered with pompous plutocrats, but the nuttier, inexplicable aspects of pop culture and star power, remain. That's good news for the sassy, high-energy Newsical, which could run for years.
\Thank You, Slamdance\ The mix of material ensures that whether or not you get all 15 or so of the clever allusions included in a three-minute piece or none of them at all, you will still laugh your head off.
The Week In Art When parents around the world started getting Facebook, kids everywhere started panicking. Who wants mom seeing your \zomg
'Hijacked III' Bridges The Gap Between UK And Australian Photography Petrina Hicks, Emily the Strange, 2011, Lightjet print, 100 x 98cm, Edition of 8 + 1AP, Courtesy of the artist and Stills
Brendan Monroe's 'Observations Of Light and Matter' At Cooper Cole Gallery The flowing forms and ambiguous movement of Monroe's work has the capacity to satisfy the most aloof daydreamer and the hard
Victor Enrich's Surreal City Portraits (PHOTOS) In Enrich's world, buildings zip open down the center, stick out their tongues, bend like accordions... yet each magical
Oliver Vernon 'Tilts' Our Perceptions At David B. Smith GallerY Oliver Vernon, Past Present Future, 2010-2012, Acrylic on canvas, 66 x 84 in. (167.6 x 213.4 cm) Vernon goes beyond mere
\Glasstress New York In the past many artists have explored the limits of this natural (and affordable!) gem, yet its contemporary presence was
The Week In Art As if alcohol didn't already offer so much to love... Researcher Michael Davidson found if you put it under a microscope
Theater Critic Howard Kissel Dies At 69 Kissel was a prolific blogger for The Huffington Post; his last essay, \How I Spent My Summer Vacation,\ was posted a mere
Happy Birthday, Renoir! Today marks the 170th birthday of Pierre-Auguste Renoir. The French artist with a keen eye for feminine beauty did not come
The Week In Art What a week it's been here at HuffPost Arts! We saw incredible art from all different part of the world, from amateur Instagrammarians
Mandy Barker's Psychedelic Soup Has Eco-Friendly Message (PHOTOS) \Soup\ is a term to describe the layer of plastic garbage suspended in the ocean. Yummy. Mandy Barker's photo series uses
Women on the Verge Joy Carlin has directed the Bay area premiere of Body Awareness with a keen sensitivity to the kinds of remarks that can quickly escalate a misunderstanding to the point where two people might seem close to ending a relationship.
Review But the program's choreography -- all of it by artistic director Jean-Christophe Maillot -- didn't show us the full range
Nina Chanel Abney's Paintings Mix The Pretty, The Political And The Perverse (PHOTOS) NA
Robert Davidovitz's \Woven Paint\ Series (PHOTOS) RD
Damien Hirst Damien Hirst is the leading flim-flam man of the contemporary art scene, perhaps the all-time greatest.  That alone makes him worth noting, if not entirely admiring.
To Compete or Not to Compete As a singer, vocal competitions are a necessary way of gaining notoriety and funding. I was never really a competition winner. Even still, I had a twenty-year career at the Met.
'Hanksy' Is At Krause Gallery And On The Streets Ryan Gosling by Hanksy Hey girl, we know that you love Ryan Gosling. But we also know that you appreciate Ted Danson's work
\Italian Conversations - Art In The Age Of Berlusconi\ Captures The Best Of Contemporary Italian Art (PHOTOS) A peek into the book Italian Conversations-Art in the age of Berlusconi from Robert Hamelijnck on Vimeo. We know you're interested
The Week In Art William Utermohlen was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and his mind slowly started unravelling. To better understand himself
Journey Into Rob Matthews' Mythical Back Yard (PHOTOS) Somewhere between the banal and a bacchanal, Rob Matthews finds his inspiration. His drawings depict haunting symbols mingling
Happy Birthday, Yoko Ono! (VIDEOS) If you're anywhere near Fort Lauderdale this weekend, stop in to see \Remember Love
Alexi Torres' Images Made Of Woven Leaves, Feathers And Organic Materials (PHOTOS) Cuban-born artist Alexi Torres wanted to create works that captured the creative powers of the universe as well as the problems
Kyung Sunghyun's Chameleons And Ghostly Visions (PHOTOS) Kyung Sunghyun creates uncanny portraits that resemble shaky, overexposed photographs. Yet these tremors are not a mere technological
The Week In Review Fabian Ciraolo gives historical figures from Marilyn Monroe to Frida Kahlo hipster makeovers, complete with Daft Punk T-shirts
Dennis Koch's Colorful Supersystems (PHOTOS) Check out Koch's delightful slideshow. You may like it so much you will look at it on loop. For all the heavy theory behind
The Last Portrait of Artist Mike Kelley? The recent passing of the artist, musician and LA art hero has given a simple photo shoot a grave and life-changing significance.
Cooper Cole Gallery Deals In The Undefined For \Transmission Lines,\ Cooper Cole Gallery in Toronto brought together two artists who specialize in the ambiguous, challenging
The Week In Art This week was one of many discoveries at HuffPost Arts. We found out that the Mona Lisa is not alone and that seashells are
Large Shop of Horrors This was a perfect opportunity to do something creative, but instead Jim Findlay does nothing but reproduce a fetishized female sexuality... in a plant.
'The Art Of Not Making' Explores The Intentions And Effects Of The New Artist/Artisan Relationship (PHOTOS) Check out a slideshow of some of the 115 artists mentioned in Petry's book; we have to say, the works do look good, and often
Fictional And Real Life Women Kick Butt In The Film 'Wonder Women! The Untold Story Of American Superheroines What inspired you to make the film? I'm curious what you think about Wonder Woman's outfit. Hot? Objectifying? Thoughts? Kristy
'Don't Think' Amid cheers and the occasional \Here we go!\ from the theater's speakers, the duo danced alone for a few songs. Eventually
Matthew Marks Discusses His New LA Gallery Was it an obvious choice to recruit Ellsworth Kelly for your inaugural exhibition, this being his 15th solo show with Matthew
Allard Van Hoorn's 'Urban Songline' Explores Relationship Between Sound, Space and Materials (PHOTOS, VIDEO) A recent exhibition at Storefront for Art and Architecture is shifting the connection between song and space from the nomadic
