The Controversial Way Some California Schools Are Handling Students' Misbehavior By David Washburn The two 9th-grade girls heard the laughing the minute they walked into their third-period class that December
California School First In The Nation To Be Digitally Mapped For First Responders By David Washburn Among the many disturbing truths that came to light following the 1999 massacre at Columbine High School
States Are Favoring School Choice At A Steep Cost To Public Education The current debate over school funding must move beyond teacher salaries and whether the books in public schools are tattered.
Girls Reportedly Bleeding Through Pants Due To Charter School Bathroom Policy The school system is now allowing girls to tie their school sweatshirts around their waists.
Desperate For Teachers, Districts Beg Retirees To Come Back \It\u2019s difficult not to respond when you hear there is such a significant need.\u201d
Why More School Districts Are Holding Class Just Four Days A Week Small rural school districts have long sought to save money and attract teachers by dropping a school day. Now some urban
Beyonc\u00e9 Announces $100,000 In Scholarships For HBCU Students The program will give $25,000 each to Xavier University, Wilberforce University, Tuskegee University and Bethune-Cookman University.
Kentucky Is Learning That You Can't Have School Without Teachers Dozens of school districts will close again as Kentucky teachers protest the \dismantling\ of public education.
Parkland School District Votes Against Arming Teachers \I have not met one teacher or one student who is in favor of arming teachers in Broward County,\ a school board member said Tuesday.
Pennsylvania School District Arms 500 Teachers With Mini Baseball Bats \It is the last resort, but it is an option,\ the Millcreek School District superintendent said.
Hey, Laura Ingraham, David Hogg Actually Did Get Into UC Irvine The Fox News host mocked the teen survivor of the Parkland school shooting for college rejections.
Chuck E. Cheese\u2019s Now Offers 'Sensory Sensitive Sundays' For Special Needs Children The music and lighting will be dimmed to make the experience more enjoyable for children with autism and other special needs.
Puerto Rico To Shutter 283 More Schools This Summer As Education Crisis Deepens The U.S. territory's Department of Education blamed plummeting enrollment since the hurricane and ongoing financial woes.
Oklahoma Teachers Begin 110-Mile March To Protest Education Funding Many of the state's school districts have shut down through the end of the week.
Teachers Swarm Kentucky Capitol To Protest Pension Changes, School Budget Cuts \u201cWe feel demoralized, we feel assaulted, and we feel like we\u2019ve been marginalized. We\u2019re angry.\u201d
Lullaby Of Algebra On and off throughout their lessons, students sing math formulas and do math-related dance moves.
Threat Assessments Crucial To Prevent School Shootings In the small number of very serious threats, schools can recognize the danger, collaborate with law enforcement and keep schools safe.
How American High Schools Teach The Iraq War It's hard to teach history that isn't quite history yet.
The West Virginia Teacher Strike Not Over Yet Schools in West Virginia will remain closed Thursday, despite a deal between union leaders and the governor.
Tentative Deal Reached To End West Virginia Teacher Strike Teachers will get a 5 percent raise, and state employees will get a 3 percent raise. But there's no clear fix to the employee health care plan.
Why West Virginia Teachers Are On Their First Strike In 28 Years It's not really about the money. It's about keeping teachers in their home state.
Universities Tell Applicants That Protesting Gun Violence Won\u2019t Affect Admissions Student walkouts for gun control have gone nationwide following the recent shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
West Virginia Teachers Are Making Sure Their Students Get Fed While They're On Strike A lot of kids would go hungry if not for school. That's one reason the teachers announced their walkout well ahead of time.
The Simple Way A Growing Number Of States Are Hoping To Improve Kids' Brains By Lillian Mongeau, The Hechinger Report APPLETON, Wisc. \u2014 Middle school students at Kaleidoscope Academy, a district charter
Texas District Says Students Protesting Gun Violence Will Get Suspended \A disruption of the school will not be tolerated,\ says the head of the Needville Independent School District.
Company That Sells Bulletproof Gucci And Herm\u00e8s Bags Sees Huge Sales In School Backpacks The\u00a0Florida school shooting\u00a0that left 17 people dead has triggered a rise in the sales of bulletproof backpacks. On Thursday
While Teachers Fight For Better Pay, West Virginia Lawmakers Discuss Opossums On average, teachers in West Virginia are some of the lowest paid in the U.S.
Homeless Students, Destroyed Campuses, \u2018Invisible Injuries\u2019 In Santa Barbara County, the fires and mudslides are among the worst disasters in county history.
Columbia University Refuses To Recognize Graduate Student Union The Ivy League school is digging in for a long legal battle -- and relying on Donald Trump to help them out.
What Common Core Won I\u2019ve said often that the Common Core failed in its creators\u2019 central goal \u2015 to establish a set of national standards followed
Texas Schools Illegally Excluded Students With Disabilities \u201cEvery child with a disability must have appropriate access to special education and related services that meet his or her unique needs,\u201d Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said.
Children Forced To 'Deal With It' And Bundle Up As Classrooms Lose Heat Up and down the East Coast, the incoming storm is making infrastructure problems worse.
New Mexico Charter School CEO Steals Public Money For 15 Years. How\u2019s That For Oversight? On Dec. 23, 2017, KOB.com (Albuquerque) published an article concerning the survival of the Southwest Aeronautics Mathematics
Newly Reelected New York City Mayor Decides His School Renewal Plan Failed But Still Claims Success The DOE, Farina and de Blasio also fail to explain a number of things about the new program.
'Sesame Street' Wins $100 Million Grant To Create Programming For Refugee Children The MacArthur Foundation grant is the largest of its kind.
New DeVos Loan Forgiveness Plan It took Betsy DeVos nearly a year to take any action on the nearly 100,000 applications by former students who assert that
Hungry on Campus We need to do much more to facilitate these struggling students\u2019 success.
How One California School District Is Leading The Way On New Science Standards By Carolyn Jones As schools nationwide take on the most comprehensive overhaul of science standards in 20 years, a school
Want To Start School Later? Avoid These 10 Common Traps Some these could save years of wasted time, effort and resources.
To Rewrite Obama Rules, DeVos Picks People Tied To Predatory Colleges DeVos is letting the foxes draft rules for the henhouse.
DeVos Stands With Scoundrels, Not Students -- Part 2 The U.S. Department of Education under Secretary Betsy DeVos this week began the next step in dismantling the rules issued
DeVos Department Meeting Again Stalls Over Opposition To Livestreaming Last month the Department of Education\u2019s first meeting on rewriting the Obama \u201cborrower defense\u201d rule for student loans stalled
Data, Numbers, Education And Audiences During the last week, Pat has shown a 6.3 rate of response in class, with a score of 75 on the Hendrix Orientation Scale
The Political Is Personal The House GOP plan would tax tuition waivers, opening a new front in Republicans\u2019 war on higher education. This plan is particularly
Judicial Negligence Compounds Political Negligence In South Carolina The state's longstanding apathy toward the plight of the its poor population and people of color is clear in its courts and its legislature.
Fizz! Pop! Bang! Teachers Find New Science Standards Fun, But Costly By Carolyn Jones With their emphasis on hands-on experiments, California\u2019s new science standards have turned classrooms into
Florida's Teacher Gap Is No Mystery There is no reason to be surprised that Florida teachers are \u201cfleeing.\u201d
The New Tax Attack On Overly Elite College Endowments Has Potential Merit But the legislation would hurt students, too.
Network For Public Education Study Exposes Charter School Scams It concludes charter schools are a \u201cfailed experiment.\u201d
Our Children\u2019s American Life This is the world our children go to school in. This is the world our teachers work in.
A Call To Action For Sleep-Friendly Schools Another health organization calls to start school later \u2014 and the NEA and National PTA agree.
Bridgepoint SEC Filing Raises Questions About Continued Federal Funding A filing Monday with the Securities and Exchange Commission by troubled Bridgepoint Education raises questions about the
DeVos Department Stacks Negotiations Deck With For-Profit College Lawyers When Betsy DeVos announced she would repeal and replace the Obama administration\u2019s rules to protect students and taxpayers
Strategies For Evaluating The Trump Presidency In A High School Classroom At recent meetings a number of social studies teachers asked me for suggestions on how to evaluate, with their high school
DeVos Stands With Scoundrels, Not Students The department will be on the wrong side of history, the wrong side of justice and the wrong side of our people.
DeVos Department Tries To Block Public Streaming Of Student Debt Hearing This is an open government meeting, the record of which should not be censored.
Teacher Seniority You wouldn\u2019t travel a long distance in your car without strapping on a seatbelt. So why do you think teachers should spend
Why Does Congress Want To Take $250 From Every Teacher? My wife teaches music in Iowa\u2019s most urban school district. She is assigned to ten different schools where she often teaches
Owner Of Troubled, Closed Texas College Now Advises Another For-Profit School Betsy DeVos has turned her back on students hurt by predatory colleges. Look what happens when accountability is weak.
Times Editorial Hypes Charter Schools Do the editors of the New York Times read their own newspaper? The opening line of their pro-charter school editorial offered
Los Angeles Charter School Operators Demand Less Oversight And Accountability, And Fewer Investigations A number of Los Angeles charter schools up for renewal this week are throwing a tantrum if they don\u2019t get their way. Charter
Trumpism Enters Schools When School Officials Become The Bullies Trumpism
University Of Wisconsin-Inferior The University of Wisconsin-Superior became the latest college to try out an education fad while slashing their budget. With
Democracy Requires Citizenship Education, Now More Than Ever In an 1816 letter to Colonel Charles Yancey, former President Thomas Jefferson wrote
Why Harvard Law School Matters The esteemed institution's bicentennial celebration grants us an opportunity to grade its accessibility and the value of its work.
As California Prepares For Earthquakes, Some Charter Schools Skirt Safety Rules Last week, students at Los Angeles\u2019s Alliance College-Ready network of charter schools dropped to the floor, crawled under
Ohio Charter E-Schools Under Investigation \u201cYou can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear\u201d is an old English proverb (c. 1500) that basically means you can\u2019t turn
School Choice Segregation and the evil twins\u2013racism and inequity\u2013are the divide and conquer gifts that keep on giving\u00ad to the rich and
Peter Cunningham\u2019s Education Post Chaperoned By Broad Foundation On September 01, 2014,\u00a0Lyndsey Layton of the\u00a0Washington Post\u00a0officially introduced Peter Cunningham\u2019s\u00a0Education Post\u00a0to the
I Am An Eagle Scout. I Would Join Girl Scouts If They Let Me. If Girl Scouts decides to accept boys, I will be one of the first to join.
Returning To Class The Morning After A Massacre Children are especially vulnerable to the trauma caused by acts of community violence, which is particularly noteworthy when the trauma is all-encompassing.
Yes, It Is True! I Don't Like School Choice! I Admire Teachers' Unions! Public schools are part of the promise of America.
C\u2019mon, Matt Damon. You\u2019re Better Than This. \u201cDid you know that you were in the trailer for Backpack Full of Cash? Sounds like you actually coined the phrase.\u201d That was
Louisiana Has A Five-Year-Old 'Parent Trigger' Law That No Parent Has Ever Used On the Louisiana Department of Education (LDOE) website, there is a curious link for \u201cparent petition\u201d
I Was Blocked From Facebook For Criticizing School Privatization \u201cJournalism is printing what someone else does not want printed
Why Marginalized Youth In Des Moines Need Spoken Word Poetry Growing up in a predominantly rural state, with very few people who reflect you as a person, can be isolating.
Why Teachers Suck Papers, papers everywhere. Susan\u2019s school also has a mandatory mentoring program for new teachers.\u00a0 Not a bad thing.\u00a0 However
Housing Crisis In California Forces More Students Into Homelessness Since 2014, the number of homeless children in California has jumped 20 percent.
Arizona Teachers Are Abandoning Ship. Here's Why. The state's poor teacher pay and low teacher qualification standards are creating a vacuum that will harm students.
New Research The findings indicate that these dual enrollment classes may be another tool as California grapples with a looming shortage of college-educated workers.
Show Up For Kids So They Can Show Up To School We are missing out on the full potential of almost seven million students because they are absent.
Immigration Crackdown Taking Heavy Toll On California Students \We may see it all as rhetoric and posturing, but I\u2019ve witnessed kids from elementary school to college level stressed out and traumatized.\
Want Innovation? How About Integrated Equitable Schools? Secretary of Education Betsy Devos says that students in the US attend schools that are a \u201cmundane malaise that dampens dreams
Reflections Of A 50-Year-Old Teacher A few years ago, while in my late 40s, I was trying to impress upon my students the importance of \u201cliving in the moment.\u201d In
Ravitch Responds To DeVos And School Privatization In conjunction with their 4th annual conference in Oakland, California on October 14-15, the Network for Public Education
Teach For America\u2019s Houston T-shirt Sale It looks less like altruism and more like opportunism.
To The Woman Who Thanked Me For Being A Teacher Who Cares Her words struck a chord with me and made me realize my passion for my job.
A Classroom Of Tomorrow Good morning, children, and welcome to today\u2019s classes in the Mr. Edbrand Fifth Grade Room, brought to you by Exxon here
Internship Ideas For Aspiring Journalists (Besides Editorial) Editorial internships often seem like the only logical job for an aspiring journalist to pick up in college \u2015\u00a0or at least
Why Teachers Need Their Freedom The mandated curriculum, we decided, would never be enough to encourage our students to love reading and writing.
Dear Teachers There is a force out there that\u2019s working to destroy our profession.
What Trump World Schools Look Like Donald Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos champion the privatization of public education in the United States. They
Senate Appropriations Has No Funding For Betsy DeVos\u2019 Private School Voucher Hopes During his campaign for president, in September 2016, Donald Trump said that he planned to devote $20 billion toward an education
Welcome Back To School BOOK REVIEW
The Wisdom Of The New York Times Magazine's Special Issue On Race And Education All sides of our education civil war need to see our internal battles within the context of the travesties recounted in this amazing special magazine issue.
Every Teacher Should Be Bad At Something Many of our students have to get up every day and go to a place where all day long, they are required to do things that they are bad at.
'Waiting For Evidence' Before Granting Charter Waivers \u201cWaiting for Superman\u201d (2010) was a propaganda movie promoting charter schools. I call this blog \u201cWaiting for Evidence,\u201d because
Betsy DeVos Just Threw Campus Rape Survivors Under the School Bus There is very little evidence that wrongful accusation is even a problem.
Dear Secretary DeVos I\u2019m having a little trouble trying to figure out why you chose to go into education.
California Colleges Undaunted By Trump's Decision To Phase Out  DACA By Carolyn Jones Undocumented immigrant students will remain welcome at California colleges and universities, regardless
Voucher Champs Take Note On August 31, 2017, Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner signed into law a bill that includes a $75-million provision for \u201ctax
What I Know About Teaching And Learning (With Apologies To John Dewey) It is the beginning of the school year. Periodically I am asked, somewhat suspiciously, \u201cWhat would you do if educational
Teachers Are Still Bringing 'Harry Potter' Magic To Their Classrooms 19 Years Later Ten points to Gryffindor.
Relief In Sight For Defrauded Student Borrowers By Jane Greengold Stevens and Danielle Tarantolo, Co-Directors of Special Litigation Unit, New York Legal Assistance Group
Opposition Rallies Against Plan To Put Unqualified People In Classrooms Politically influential charter school operators in the State of New York are on the verge of pushing through an administrative
California Could Reap Big Economic Benefits With Passage Of Later School Start Bill By Theresa Harrington While California legislators debate a bill to ban secondary schools from starting before 8:30 a.m., a
To Teach The Whole Child, Schools Need Recess By Gil G. Noam, EdD Whether jumping through sprinklers at city parks, chasing soccer balls at camp, or kayaking with family
Attorneys General Sue Over DeVos' Handling Of For-Profit Colleges On July 6, attorneys general from 18 states and Washington, D.C. filed suit against Education Secretary Besty DeVos. This
Actually, Academics And Athletics Do Mix Pretty Well Starting UCLA QB Josh Rosen gave an interview to Bleacher Report where he claimed that football and school don\u2019t go together.
On My First Friend, Kindergarten, And Diversity Today, my first friend turns 50 years old. \u00a0We were born only a few weeks apart, in the month of August 1967, and we grew
Is the Idea Of A 'Good' Teacher All In Your Mind? As a child, I remember heading back to school and hearing whispered rumors about the teachers in my new grade, other kids
Do Test Scores Measure 'Success'? Success Academy charter school network CEO Eva Moskowitz called a press conference last week to claim success. According
Top 5 Ways To Get Ready For Fall Semester Summer is waning, and college students across America are gearing up for the new semester. While many will stress over course
Teaching About Totality and about Charlottesville As teachers get ready to start the school year, I want to suggest that they start engaging their students in conversations
5 Tips For Teacher Leaders Teachers are alternately characterized in modern culture as \u201cthose who can\u2019t do\u201d and as indispensable key players in the
Netflix, Disney And School Choice Netflix subscribers may have already heard the news \u2015 Disney is going to pull their content from the online media empire
State-run New Orleans High School ACT Results In 2003, the Louisiana legislature created the state-run Recovery School District (RSD), which pre-Katrina was comprised
Moving Forward From Charlottesville We are all still reeling from the appalling events in Charlottesville last week, sparked by the white nationalist march that
When Graduating Yale Law School Isn't Enough. When Dwayne Betts was 16 years old, he was involved in a carjacking with a friend. He received three felony convictions and
Beware Of The III% And Other Hidden Hatred Oklahoma is so far from the mayhem in Charlottesville, and yet so close. The Oklahoma City Public School System has already
Want A Better Future? Teach Evidence And Empathy! \u201cSupport our troops,\u201d read a leaflet my children brought home from school in their backpacks in January 1991. It was a message
Billionaire Charter School Leader Says Black Politician Worse Than the KKK The white supremacist violence in Charlottesville was the tragic result of the Republican Party\u2019s racist politics, which
If State Takeover Of New Orleans Schools Worked, ACT Scores Below 16 Wouldn't Be Embarrassing In 2003, the Louisiana legislature created a state-run Recovery School District (RSD) that allowed the Louisiana Board of
Roll Out And Roll Up I still remember the excitement in our building when the district and the corporations first rolled them out.
Charter School Advocates Play The Race Card Eva \u201cNew York City Charter Queen\u201d Moskowitz likes to use the race card against opponents claiming charter school advocates
As Teachers, We Are Responsible For James Alex Fields Jr. We own this man. He is our failure.
In Texas, Your Child's Sleep Depends On Your School District Do you know what time your bell tolls?
What It Means When A School District Declares Itself A 'Safe Haven' Or 'Sanctuary' By Carolyn Jones Since Donald Trump was elected president, more than 100 California school districts have declared themselves
Inspired By Skid Row, Educator Opening Charter To Help LA's Homeless Children And Families \u201cThe housing scarcity is not only real in general, it\u2019s very real for families,\u201d said Mitchell.
Circle Up By Jane Meredith Adams What Omar Quinitanilla, 12, liked best about summer school was the worrying. Not his own worrying
PARCC The Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC) has a new website. On May 02, 2017, one could
Why Journalists Shouldn't Write About Education Over the past couple of days, I have witnessed almost universal praise for Dana Goldstein\u2019s\u00a0Why Kids Can\u2019t Write*. Since
Charter Schools Are Scamming The Public With Talk About 'School Choice' The rhetoric used by charter school advocates is often lacking in evidence or intentionally deceptive.
Double Standard, Double Spacing By Sharisse Tracey Late in April, approximately 1,000 students in the Upward Bound Program at The University of Maine Presque
Exclusive By Richard Whitmire About a decade ago, 15 years into the public charter school movement, a few of the nation\u2019s top charter
Early Education Can Bring Back The Best Of Ourselves It\u2019s always a thrill for this former inner city teacher to attend early education conferences. Conversations with early educators
New Course Leads To Big Gains In Number Of Girls, Minorities Taking AP Computer Science Exams Ideally, every school should teach computer science as a staple subject, like English or math, from kindergarten through 12th grade, Partovi said.
5 of the Most Important Reminders For All College Freshmen The back-to-school advertisements are in full swing. Store displays portray envy-worthy dorm room setups. With August around
The Problem With Public Schools Isn\u2019t Low Test Scores. It\u2019s Strategic Disinvestment. Imagine you\u2019re settling in to enjoy an article on-line or in your favorite print newspaper and you come across this headline
What Do We Do With The Flat Earthers? Sure, it's a free country and you can believe whatever dumb thing you want. But for the world of education policy, we're going to need a better answer than that.
School Choice\u2014Past And Present At the exact time I was giving a speech last week to 1,400 educators about ensuring that all children have access to a powerful
Zero Tolerance Is Intolerance Two of my former students demonstrate the consequences of zero-tolerance discipline policies.
Converted City Bus Brings Education To The Hardest-to-Reach Students Five Keys was founded in 2003 through the San Francisco Sheriff\u2019s Department to educate inmates in the county jail.
ALEC Chooses To Omit Betsy DeVos From Its 2017 Conference Speakers List The American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) is holding its 44th Annual Meeting in Denver, Colorado, from July 19-21
Safety Is A Top Concern For Indian Students Admitted To US Schools For Fall Experts say that hate crimes targeting the South Asian community are to blame.
Seven Ways DeVos Has Failed Higher Education Make it stop.
Partisan Divide About College Reflects Our Dislike Of Each Other As I\u2019ve written, attacks on academia are bread and butter conservative discourse\u2014even though Republicans at the highest levels
In Campus Sexual Assault Cases The U.S. Department Of Education Must Seek To Balance The Rights Of Both Survivors And The Accused U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos last week met with \u201ccollege administrators, rape survivors and students accused of
Where Are All Of The Teachers Going? Between 2009 and 2014 the enrollment in teacher education programs dropped from 691,00 to 451,000, a 35% reduction. That\u2019s
Do Girls Have Access To Team Sports? Many California Schools Aren't Telling, Despite Law No research has found that girls are less interested in competitive athletic teams than boys, according to the Women's Sports Foundation.
California Law Could Change Everything For The Start School Later Movement Landmark bill giving teens a shot at healthy sleep crosses another legislative hurdle.
NY Charter School Allies Move To Undermine Teacher Certification Charter school advocates claim to support higher standards and provide better education than traditional public schools. But
The Charter School Charade Offers Rhetoric, Not Evidence Charter school advocates are well-versed in their talking points, but those points are often devoid of fact.
Must We Accept Trumpism And A Second Rate Education For Poor Kids? She didn\u2019t mean anything combative by it, but when 2016 Oregon Superintendent of the Year Heidi Sipe wrapped up a discussion
DeVos Should Stop Stalling, Enforce Obama Rules To Protect Students From Fraud This week, the Department of Education is holding hearings (Monday in DC, Wednesday in Dallas) at which members of the public
Waking Up To A New Era Of Education Education Week published an abridged version of this piece as a letter to the editor on 7/18/2017. This is a response to
Celebrating July Fourth Should Mean Questioning United States History This is Part 2 of my July 4th Independence Day blog. Part 1 explored my approach to teaching American history and included
Making Cyberschool Creepier Do you think that cyber-education is just kind of creepy, with students sitting alone in the glow of a computer screen, navigating
From Kabul To Mountain View \u201cIf you\u2019re wondering what we should invest in, it\u2019s women,\u201d Chklovski said. \u201cIf you educate a woman, the whole community benefits.\u201d
Holocaust Education Must Expand Beyond The Classroom Rising anti-Semitism, Holocaust distortion and continued misstatements prove we must transform and expand Holocaust education
Schools Should Be Safe For All Eight states actually have laws that restrict teachers from talking about LGBT issues at all.
L.A. Leads The Way Requiring Schools To Do More To Help Students With Dyslexia Few families can afford to hire an outside specialist.
Interactive Map By The 74 The bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) was signed into law in December 2015, replacing No Child Left
For The Future Of Education, Answer The Calling To The Classroom Today, the educational environment is plagued by teacher shortages and uncertainty; our top priority should be building a
Pearson Botches Mississippi Testing [Again]; Mississippi Immediately Severs Contract Education and testing mammoth Pearson has an established history in botchinghigh-stakes testing. Pearson did it again, in
As Social And Emotional Learning Expands, Educators Fear The 'Fizzle' By Jane Meredith Adams Four minutes late to his first class of the day, an 11th-grade boy at Oakland\u2019s Skyline High School
Is School Choice Just Expanding Privilege? Students who need the most support are not well-served by choice policies.
How To Avoid School Choice Accountability After Betsy DeVos\u2019s last round of Congressional obfuscation testimony, many folks are asking the same question as EdWeek
International PISA Tests Show How Evidence-Based Policy Can Go Wrong Our review of the PISA controversy also highlighted a problem of power in the use of evidence. With PISA, the OECD \u2013 an international
Teaching Climate Science In The Age Of Trump James Sutter is a science teacher at Wellston High School, student population less than 500. Wellston, Ohio is a town of
Exclusive The hope is that these maps will spark calls and conversations
Too Many For-Profit Colleges Defraud Students And Taxpayers Alike Previously published on Boston Globe. Trump University, it transpires, is more than a heartless joke. It is the canary in
Teachers Union President Joins Anti-Union Operative To Praise Charter Schools Randi Weingarten must be out of her damn mind! The president of the second largest teachers union in the country, The American
California Law Spurs Reforms After High School Suicide Cluster By Jane Meredith Adams About 24 hours after a Clovis High School boy killed himself in early March, his cell phone buzzed
Female Access To Education Isn't Enough As a female, I know how it feels to be told I don\u2019t need education, or to be called intimidating because I have an education
With Summer Break Comes The Danger Of Students \Doing Nothing.\ Preventing summer learning loss must be a priority, particularly for those teaching in low-income areas.
La. Supt. John White\u2019s Job Is The Subject Of A May 30, 2017, Lawsuit When it comes to the state ed superintendent position, Louisiana is in an unprecedented spot. The state ed superintendent
How Trump's Harsh Education Cuts Undermine His Economic Growth Goals By Shaun M. Dougherty, University of Connecticut The Trump administration has some ambitious goals that include trillions
The Trump Education Budget Will Dangerously Favor \Fast Food\ Teachers With drastic cuts to education spending, the Trump administration will do irreversible damage to teacher quality nationwide.
Poor And Middle-Income Families Need A Better Way Than 529s To Save For College By Robert H. Scott III, Monmouth University and Steven Pressman, Colorado State University A college education is increasingly
The Release Of The Education Budget Sure, why not? Let\u2019s just kill most innovation in education in the name of school choice.
We Can\u2019t Wait Sexual harassment and assault are forms of sex discrimination and they occur at alarming rates in K-12 schools. Recent reports
Just Put My Degree In The Mail! -- Notre Dame And Bethune-Cookman, Class Of 2017 Ah, May! May is typically a busy month for most people. In May, we celebrate our mothers, kick off the summer holiday season
How Recent Grads Can Avoid The Most Common Entry-Level Mistakes Be timely, communicative, and focused.
Why Don\u2019t My Students Want To Be Facebook Friends Any More? In the waning days of high school, I find that my graduating seniors are honest, brutally honest, in fact. For the past half
Teachers At A Chicago Charter School Plan To Strike On May 25 On May 4, 2017, teachers, their assistants, and paraprofessionals at the Edgewater, Ill.-based Passages Charter School voted
Calif. High School Student Wins Election On Anti-Muslim 'Joke' Video At what point does a racial joke go too far?
No Excuse Teaching Our democracy depends on those of us who teach kids.
As Schools Adopt Social-Emotional Programs, A New Harvard Guide Offers Help By Jane Meredith Adams Parents, teachers and students streamed into the library of Palo Alto\u2019s Gunn High School on a warm
BASIS BASIS makes advanced, immersive coursework a requirement for all students, from pre-K through high school
Betsy DeVos At Bethune-Cookman Commencement I watched U.S. ed sec Betsy DeVos\u2019s\u00a023-minute speech to Bethune-Cookman grads on May 10, 2017. I do not envy DeVos the task
Can This Man Save Detroit Public Schools? There are more than 130 charter schools in Detroit. In 2013, the district put 79 abandoned schools up for sale. Today, more
Happy Mother's Day To The Moms Who Teach The history of great teachers is filled with mothers who have dedicated their lives to education.
10 Things Every High School Senior Should Know Now How do you know you\u2019re ready?
The Special Education Leader Who Taught Me What Compassion Looks Like\u2014In Switzerland Earlier this week, I posted a story about ICS, the private Swiss school where my son with special needs, is now enrolled
Billionaire Cash Is Flooding Los Angeles To Push Trump-DeVos School Choice Agenda The Trump administration hasn\u2019t been shy about its contempt for public education. The president himself once said he\u2019d close
Here\u2019s How Washington, D.C. Can Drive Innovation In Education Throughout the Country\u2014With No Strings Attached There\u2019s a lot of banter about the substance and character of the 105th Congress. Perhaps because it\u2019s led by one party, and
The Elementary Education Of Donald Trump In a Sirius Radio interview on Monday, May 01, 2017, Donald Trump offered journalist Salena Zito some (at best) puzzling
Preemptive Move Fails, Pearson Shareholders Turn On CEO On Friday, a large majority of Pearson shareholders, in a non-binding vote, rejected a report granting a large raise and
Signing Day For The Future Superstars Of Education We have become accustomed to the scene of great high school athletes behind a table with multiple college hats in front of
Is PISA Data Worthless? I have never been a huge fan of PISA data, the goulash of test results released internationally by the Organization for Economic
School Choice A recent, comprehensive article in the New York Times titled, \u201cThe Broken Promises of Choice in New York City Schools,\u201d was
Flipping The Switch What if boosting a toddler\u2019s brainpower was as easy as turning on a light switch? In fact, \u201cFlip the Switch\u201d is one of the
Testing Opt Out One of the great contradictions within corporate ed reform is the promoting of \u201cparental choice\u201d that stops short of the
Why I Decided Not To Do A PhD For most of my life, I\u2019d always expected that I would do a PhD. As a child, my Nanna called me \u201cProfessor,\u201d in part because
HuffPost Welcomes Honorary \Take Your Child To Work Day\ Bloggers! As part of HuffPost\u2019s annual \u201cTake Your Child to Work Day\u201d festivities, we welcomed a group of budding young bloggers to
President Trump In The Eyes Of Kids, Parents And Teachers For Diane Ravitch, one of the leading advocates of traditional public education, President Trump\u2019s first 100 days in office have been bleak.
Colleges Have Become Unsafe Spaces For Ideas University should be a place where all ideas can and should be vigorously debated.
Teaching Gatsby Under Obama Was Eerie. Teaching It Under Trump Is Crushing My lesson has turned from an academic contemplation of Fitzgerald\u2019s poetry and politics to a bitter reflection on the cruel realities of power.
Flawed Voucher Plans Foreshadow Trump Administration's School 'Reforms' We already know what it looks like, and it does not deliver on its promises.
America's Charter Schools Have A Commitment Problem Just google \charter school closes unexpectedly\ and watch the stories pile up.
L.A. School Board Puts Money And Lobbying Muscle Behind State Bills Drafted To Shackle Charter Schools By Mike Szymanski After passionate debate and pleas from both charter school administrators and parents, the Los Angeles
Teaching College Through a Prison Telephone By Christopher Zoukis Over the past two weeks, I have had the privilege of guest lecturing to a class of students at the
Trinity Lutheran v. Comer By Carolyn Phenicie State efforts to expand school choice \u2014 everything from charter schools to tax credit scholarships to
An Indecent Budget Proposal Apparently, the wealthiest Cabinet in U.S. history considers Meals on Wheels for seniors and programs to alleviate child hunger to be wasteful.
Why The Strategy To End Discrimination Against Asian Americans in Admissions Is All Wrong Asian Americans face discrimination in the highly selective college admissions process. Sure, highly selective colleges will
Field Guide To Choice Advocates You can use this handy field guide to determine what variety exactly you're dealing with.
Heroin Distributor Once Set Up Fake WV Prep School In Apartment Reality television has nothing on modern day school scams. In 2011, Daniel Hicks created a fake school, ostensibly a boarding
Organizing Against The Trump/DeVos Mis-Education Agenda The Network for Public Education is leading the campaign challenging the Trump/DeVos anti-public school agenda. According
What's The Future Of Corporate School Reform During The Trump Administration? How will the technocrats who have driven school reform respond to this new environment?
The Alt-Right Curriculum By Linda K. Wertheimer Dropping a handout with a photo on each student\u2019s desk, the teacher Kathryn Leslie asked the teens
Schools Need Title IX Because The Criminal System Is Broken The criminal justice system is intertwined with discrimination that enables violence.
'What\u2019s A White B*tch Like You Doing In A School Like This?' A decade of teaching will produce more than good stories. It will produce insight, confidence, organization and high caliber teaching practices.
In Africa, For-Profit School Chain Plays Legal Hardball When money is involved, big business gets mean. In Kenya, a multi-national for-profit private school company is using threats
The Real Reason Students Shouldn't Sit In Class A recent article in the New York Times discussed why children should be given opportunities for movement during class. I
Climate Change-Deniers 'Spam' Thousands Of Teachers With Anti-Global Warming Packages \After teaching about #climatechange all day, it was kind that the Heartland Institute, an organization funded by petroleum, sent me this.\
Hannah Skandera Booted From Consideration As DeVos Assistant According to Politico\u2019s March 23, 2017, Morning Education, controversial New Mexico education commissioner Hannah Skandera
Hovering Over the Precipice, Desperate Pearson Reaches Out In January, Pearson\u2019s stock value dropped sharply when the company reported lower than expected profits, especially in its
Toronto Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Travel Ban Concerns A U.S. girls chorus also cited the executive order as the reason for aborting to visit Scotland.
A Striking Number Of College Students Are Hungry And Homeless By Aria Bendix With university tuition and living costs on the rise, community colleges have become increasingly attractive
Director Of Christian Organization Calls On Christians To Support Public Schools On February 07, 2017,\u00a0Andrea Reyes Ramirez, executive director of the Faith and Education Coalition \u2013 NHCLC,\u00a0published an
What Are Teachers Looking For When They Want To Leave Teaching? Something has to change before it\u2019s too late. Aren\u2019t our children worth it?
Making Students Pledge To The Test When it comes to the Big Standardized Tests, we know that one thing is important before all else\u2015 not the soundness of the
Free School Lunches Kept Me From Starving I know from personal experience how out of touch Betsy DeVos and the conservatives are with real poverty in America.
The Letter You Should Write to Your K-12 Schools Just as the Civil Rights Movement was not a matter of water fountain segregation, the fight for equal LGBTQ rights is not a matter of bathroom use.
Schools Stand Up For Trans Students As GOP Withdraws Protections \We have no intention of backing down no matter what President Trump does to discriminate against the LGBTQ community.\
I Am Not Hostile To Change In fact, there are some changes that I would love to see.
In Annual Newsletter, Gates Goes Silent On Education Each year, the Gates Foundation issues an annual newsletter touting what it perceives as the gains made by its spending. In
Betsy DeVos President Trump has a new secretary of education and the headlines are overwhelmingly consumed with school choice issues
5 Tips For Talking History To Your Kindergartener This Presidents\u2019 Day weekend, we\u2019re offering up a challenge to fellow parents of young children.
Conservatives Want Religion On Classroom Walls, Not In Classrooms I would welcome additional education on religions in our schools, but actual instruction in religious studies would look very different than what the CNP is recommending
School Starts Too Early In The Morning, State Lawmaker Says The average school day for middle and high school students in California starts at 8:07 a.m.
If Charter Schools Don\u2019t Reject This Doctrine, They\u2019ll Cease To Be Labs of Innovation Regulations are strangling the charter sector. Panic struck the education establishment over the election of President Donald
Betsy DeVos And Public School Visits U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has started visiting public schools. On Friday, February 10, 2017, she was met by
Pennsylvania Legislature Plans To Take Away Teachers\u2019 Sick Days Seriously. What did teachers ever do to you?
Tennessee Teacher Jessi Bohon\u2019s Viral Townhall Video Defends Obamacare\u2014\u201cStrong Pull Up The Weak\u201d Around the country, from town hall to town hall, GOP officials are facing angry constituents. Why are they angry? Because
How A Betsy DeVos Department Of Education Could Lead To A Massive Transfer Of Public Funds Into The Private Sector On Monday, January 30, 2017, hundreds of patient protectors braved the bitter New York City cold to stand firmly in defiance against the impending appointment of billionaire school-choice crusader Betsy DeVos, 58, for Secretary of Education.
Rethinking the College Mental Health Crisis 
What Did We Learn From The Betsy DeVos Confirmation? Money Wins. Never before has the public gone to such great lengths to denounce a cabinet nominee. It didn't work.
How Betsy DeVos Ignored And Targeted Michigan Republicans To Advance Her Hardline Education Ideology \DeVos\u2019 views on public education are well outside the mainstream of either party.\
I Am A Public School Teacher. Give Me All The Refugees You\u2019ve Got! It should be considered an honor for American schools to provide shelter to the world's downtrodden youth.
Appointing Betsy DeVos Is like Hiring A Football Coach Who Hates Football Try a thought experiment with me. Let\u2019s say you\u2019re a Dallas Cowboys fan \u2015 I live in Texas, but please insert the name of
Donald Trump Says Our Schools Are 'Flush With Cash.' They\u2019re Falling Apart! Donald Trump's claims that America's schools are over-resourced is both wrong and a harbinger of regression to come.
Betsy DeVos In March 2015, U.S. secretary of education nominee gave this 9-page speech\u00a0entitled, \u201cCompetition, Creativity and Choice
Radically Flawed Co-authored by Adam Kirk Edgerton, Lightning Jay, Elaine W. Leigh, and Katie Pak \u201cTraditional public schools are not succeeding
DeVos's Disqualifying Record One year ago, Congress\u2014urged on by parents and educators\u2014reached a cease-fire in the education wars. After No Child Left
Safe Space versus Comfort Zone This morning, I came upon a story that disturbed me and pushed me to reflect on the role of education in our current national
How Gender And Race Affect Education Today This article was written by Kirah T., an Essex County, NJ Middle School Student. The following article is a part of a new
Get Unstuck 
The Quick Search You Should Do in Your Rental  Property Due Diligence 
Taking Control Of You and Your Journey 
New York Governor Unveils Plan To Help Lower Income Students Afford College Gov. Andrew Cuomo says his proposal would alleviate the student debt burden.
Fake News, Social Media and the Downfall of the U.S. As I have stated numerous times, a large part of our society only reads the headlines and reacts to these headlines as if
Betsy DeVos Is The Least Qualified Candidate For Secretary Of Education Ever The nomination of Betsy DeVos to the post of Secretary of Education is such a bad choice that we don't even have to talk about actual policy ideas to understand how unsuited she is for the position
A Note To My Fellow Teachers -- 'They' Are On To Us Dear Teacher Colleagues, I hope that you are all enjoying a relaxing break before heading back to school next week. A little
Three Black Heroines 
How The State Of Education Will Affect The Global Landscape 
The Global Search for Education 
Paying the Price of Imperfect Information 
Teaching And Learning In A Post-truth World 
The Global Search for Education 
How Praise Became A Consolation Prize By Christine Gross-Loh As a young researcher, Carol Dweck was fascinated by how some children faced challenges and failures
Where Do Schools Close Most Often For Weather? By Hayley Glatter The superstitions for conjuring the snow-day cosmos on a blustery winter day are not to be taken lightly
Answering Eisenhower\u2019s Call International education programs and cultural understanding are as critical today as any time since Ike\u2019s challenge to American higher education.
What D.C. Schools Won\u2019t Report On Dec. 5, 2016, retired D.C. teacher Erich Martel sent an investigation request to D.C.\u2019s Attorney General Karl Racine. In
Good News! We Can Cancel The Common Core Tests Christopher Tienken (Seton Hall) has solved a mystery, and we can cancel the Big Standardized Test.
An Open Letter to the Secretary of Education Designate from Thousands of American Clergy 
Special Education Case At Supreme Court Could Prove Costly For Schools Schools and disabled students are pitted against each other in a Supreme Court case that could require higher standards for
Betsy DeVos And Her 2015-16 School Choice Yearbook On November 23, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump nominated Betsy DeVos for U.S. Secretary of Education. DeVos is zealous
Professor Watchlist The majority of those included on the Watchlist were classified as white males.
I\u2019m A Liberal Professor And My Conservative Students Terrify Me When they fail, it's always personal.
K12 Schools Need To Know What Works The challenges of analyzing purchasing decisions against student achievement are many.
Yes, Hamilton Was Magnificent, But Dinner With Voltaire Was Better Hell\u2019s Kitchen, New York City. The night before Thanksgiving 2016. I am dining at a posh Italian restaurant just two blocks
Trump First Offered Jerry Falwell, Jr. U.S. Secretary Of Education Job The Associated Press reported the following\u00a0on November 26, 2016
The Global Search For Education 
With President Trump As Top Role Model, Teachers Could Have A Lot of Explaining To Do 
Teaching History In Trump's America On Thursday November 10, I lectured my introductory history class about the election in a historical context. Many of my
Donald J. Trump\u2019s 'Vision' For Education The American public knows little about President-elect Donald J. Trump\u2019s plans for education. However, Trump has posted
Teaching Trump Jessica Lander, a teacher at a Boston-area high school and a good friend, published an essay in these pages the evening of
Law Schools Closing Critics of legal education might be chortling that Indiana Tech University has announced it will close its new law school
Tri-Sector Athlete in Education 
Giving Kids The Confidence To Learn Through Play By imagining a post-apocalyptic world, kids build new skills!
Around The World In 30 Days 
Did You Know I Dropped Out of High School? Me, a high school dropout \u2014 who knew, right? It sounds comical, even now. Looking at me you would never assume this. But
Campus Sexual Assault Investigations Continue This is part two in a series where I examine sexual assaults on university campuses across the country. I advocate strongly
Word Origin Comics 
Don't Raise The Massachusetts Charter Cap Just Yet We need to fix some problems associated with charter schools in Massachusetts before we raise the cap. So, no, I do not support raising the cap at this time. Let me explain why.
America's Schools Are Built For Tomorrow's Followers The truth is that our education system won\u2019t change anytime soon, but you have the choice to understand its shortcomings and work around it.
PA Charter Management CEO Not Publicly Accountable for \u201cSealed\u201d Sexual Harassment Settlement A major problem with the charter school slogan, \u201ccharter schools are public schools,\u201d is that charter schools are operated
Remembering High School 
Teaching The Not Visible I have clarity about what I will teach, how I will teach and what my students will learn.
Arkansas Residents Jim And Alice Walton Pony Up $1,835,000 To Raise Charter Cap In Massachusetts According to the September 09, 2016, filing of the Massachusetts ballot committee,\u00a0Yes on 2, billionaire Arkansas resident
8 Things The U.S. Must Do Now To Save Public Education \u201cI hate reading.\u201d Ouch. I\u2019d rather walk across burning coal than to hear these words from the mouth of a student in my classroom
Educational Test Still Incentivizes Cheating They just used the data to identify students whose numbers were probably going to be bad on the BS Test. Then they called those families and reminded them that they have the right to opt out of testing. Three dozen parents did so, helping the school skew its numbers a little higher.
The Future of Learning 
Teaching the Greeks and Critical Thinking - Part 11 
Labor Day's  4 \Work\  Steps for Love These steps do take work.  Effort.  From you both.  Try to keep these objectives on a low simmer in the back of your brain so you can use them as needed and often.  Do add some smiles and a sense of humor to the ways you know, and look at, and speak with one another.
Kaepernick, Sports, Politics, the Anthem, the Pledge, and Schools I am a native New Yorkers so I have hated San Francisco sports teams since 1957 when the baseball Giants slinked away to the West Coast. But San Francisco 49er quarterback Colin Kaepernick is forcing me to reevaluate my fundamental sports fan nationalism.
Modern Day Activists Call it 'Historic Trauma' 
Stop Blaming Teachers I\u2019m a high school English teacher and the most important question I\u2019m asked each year has nothing to do with reading or writing
Dear Teachers Dear Teacher, As you head back to school, I see you so fresh and eager, and I am so thankful for your energy. \u00a0Your profession
Choosing Sides On School Inclusion Special education should be a service for children, not a place they are sent.
Art is essential, not extra The arts are vital for everyone. Art can soothe us. And it can stretch us -- by exposing us to concepts we've never imagined before, or by leading us to wrestle with ambiguity, multiple interpretations or artistic expression that we find jarring.
Set To Stun Children are being Tasered by school-based police officers. No one knows how often it\u2019s happening or what impact it\u2019s having on students.
The Work of White Educators In the next couple of weeks, teachers where you live will come back from the beach or the mountains or their gardens or their
The Global Search for Education 
How Paul Tough's Helping Children Succeed Helped this Teacher Better Understand Our Craft 
Should Schools Ban Cellphones? Mr. MacNeil has taken steps in the past to prevent use, including the purchase of a cell phone jammer.
My Mom Was A Unionized Public School Teacher. That's Why I'm A Reformer An earlier version of this column was published as \u201cWhy Teachers Have No Voice\u201d at Dropout Nation. \u00a0 Fortunately, reform
Nation's Largest Teachers Union Endorses Teaching \Climate Justice\ There remains an enormous gulf between the severity of the climate crisis and the attention given the crisis in U.S. schools and in widely used text material.
Great Generosity Mindset | Motivational 
Michigan Schools Misguided state education policy extends further than just the budget.
Is Higher Education Suffering a Crisis of Budget, Buildings or Failure to Adapt? 
Psychology Superheroes in a California School District 
From the Ugliest Color to Significant Others 
How to Answer the Common Application Essay for College Admissions 
This Bronx Educator Reminds Us Why Good Teachers Are Simply The Best Lisa Barnshaw reminds us why amazing teachers are so important.
The Way We Learn Today Is Just Wrong Over 155 million Americans play video games, and spend upwards of 3 billion hours per week engrossed in a game.
The Global Search for Education 
Around the World in 30 Days - May 2016 
The Global Search for Education 
The Big Uneasy. What\u2019s Roiling The Liberal-Arts Campus? At Oberlin, it started in December, when the temperatures ran high, although the weeping willows and the yellow poplars that
Change the Game for Girls in STEM 
Failure to invest in education is penny wise, pound foolish 
Honoring Our Past and Inspiring Our Future The American Federation of Teachers reached a significant milestone this week
Giving Teenagers Weapons is NEVER a Solution A few days ago, a story came across my news feed that I was sure was not true. Apparently, a school district in North Carolina has changed their handbook so that high schoolers are allowed to carry pepper spray with them to school.
Teacher Sets Her Students The Funnest Homework Assignments Ever Watch TV, see friends, read books and eat ice cream!
Podcast 
How to Be the Change - An Interview with Dr. Thomas McGovern Instead of wishing for change in the world, he is making change, and the formula he shares with others is simple; seize the opportunity to lead, innovate, find your passion, and resonate. He's Thomas McGovern, a leader in change.
Why Lots of Love (or Motivation) Isn't Enough If we know better, why do so many of us act as if things like love, motivation, self-esteem, and internalization come in only one variety? Might we focus on how much of \it\ someone has because of our culture's preoccupation with quantification and data?
How the Teacher Shortage Could Turn Into a Crisis The last 15 years have been marked by top-down education policies that promoted testing over teaching, competition over collaboration, austerity over investment, and scapegoating teachers rather than valuing them. The Every Student Succeeds Act, the new federal education law, moves us in the right direction, but past policies have left their mark.
Test-Driven Teacher Evaluations Strike Out 
How We Talk About Race People who insist that bigotry is mere ignorance are mistaken, albeit hopeful. If bigotry were mere ignorance, its practitioners would reform upon being educated. But there are too many troubling instances in which bigots prove incorrigible.
Assessing Our Children to Death Imagine a world where a poem was judged by the number of characters per line or the font in which it was published, or a violin concerto reviewed in terms of its precise conformance to metronomic beats or the posture of the violinist. This is what we are doing to education
Eileen Soon 
\How Do Asian Americans Advocate for Equality Without Throwing Other People of Color Under the Bus?\ That was the compelling question I heard at the recent Advancing Justice conference in Los Angeles. I doubt there is an answer, a satisfactory answer anyway. But above all, I appreciate the discussion, and, because a certain response would be more confident than correct, I offer a set of observations.
Teacher Pipeline Still Drying Up There has never been a lower percentage of college freshmen interested in teaching. I'm not sure that anybody is surprised by the collapse of the teacher pipeline. But for the sake of completeness, let's rattle off most likely culprits for those people who are actually uncertain how such a thing could happen.
The Vitality of Collegiate Recovery There has never been a more critical time to support the widespread establishment of collegiate recovery programs (CRPs)
Note to Asian Americans I am ticked off whenever it occurs
Will Charters Really Try to Replace Suspensions With Win-Win Alternatives? 
How A For-Profit College Targeted The Homeless And Kids With Low Self-Esteem Perhaps you remember Corinthian Colleges. It was the country\u2019s second largest chain of for-profit colleges, before it collapsed
A Hack for Improving High School 
The Overselling of Ed Tech Some people seem to be drawn to technology for its own sake -- because it's cool. This strikes me as an unpersuasive reason to spend oodles of money, particularly since the excitement is generated and continually refreshed by companies that profit from it.
Best School Day Too many students don\u2019t have the resources they need. Today, we start to change that.
Are Publicly Funded Charter Schools Accountable to Parents and Taxpayers? Apparently Not. They are private citizens who get to spend taxpayer dollars to educate children. They argue that the market will determine success.  Unfortunately, they get to define what success looks like -- not the public whose taxes fund the school, nor voters who are the ultimate policy makers in a democratic society.
Hank Aaron On the playing field, Hank Aaron smashed through racial barriers and ignored racist death threats and hate mail when he broke Babe Ruth's long time \sacred record\ for home runs on April 8, 1974.
Swearing an Oath -- Part 1 Since taking their oath, many governors have begun to close public schools.  By violating their oath in so public a manner, they have shown that perjuring themselves means nothing to them, as does the fact that their first act in office was an act of perjury.
These 100,000 School Children Face Airport-Style Security Screening Every Day The screenings still take place despite turning up few weapons and a major drop in crime rates.
Testing the Teacher I'm not even good at math, but here's my statistical probability prediction
The Global Search for Education 
9 Moves Every Twenty-Something Should Make to Be More Successful Your 20s can be a decade-long stint in the waiting room of life. However it is important to point out that your 20s isn't a throwaway decade. What you do matters allot. Here are 9 ways to make the most of these exciting but unsettled years
Education Policies Worthy of the Name 'Reform' This new law can create positive change. States will now take the lead on accountability, interventions and teacher evaluation systems. While some states will mess up, we hope most will learn from the failures of NCLB and give teachers and schools the latitude and support to deeply engage students and to focus on the whole child.
Arts Based Learning of STEM Works Says NSF Funded Research Firm At this point, the debate in America about art and science is coming to a conclusion 
Will Every Student Succeed? Not With This New Law I will be glad to see NCLB left behind and RTTT stopped, but I do not see how ESSA is a victory for education in the United States. Does anyone believe that low-funded poorly performing states like Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana, New Mexico and West Virginia, will create meaningful accountability systems and tests that will expose the low quality public education they offer Black and Latino students?
The Global Search for Education 
The Global Search for Education 
Pearson GERM in the Philippines Is a Scare Story for the Rest of the World 
If You Have One of These Degrees, You Could Save Thousands by Refinancing Student Loans Graduates with master's degrees in fine arts, education, business administration or social work also stand to save thousands of dollars.
InnOvation STEAM Awards Given to 8 Schools In Washington, D.C. earlier this month, The Ovation Foundation, the President's Committee on the Arts and the Humanities and Americans for the Arts met to formally recognize 10 schools who \use the arts to make STEM  subjects more accessible and engaging to students and are able to mutually strengthen arts and STEM learning.\
The Global Search for Education 
How Assesments Can Ruin Standards I think there are plenty of reasons to oppose national standards no matter what standards they are, and plenty of reasons to believe that no set of national standards will ever accomplish any of the goals set for them. But let's set all of that aside for a moment and talk about how the very attempt to assess standards-based outcomes ruins those standards.
Desperate Law Schools Are Admitting Way Too Many Poorly Qualified Students As their application numbers collapsed in recent years, a good number of law schools were forced to choose between their
Study Also, nearly half of school districts wait months to get test results back.
Race in America The presumption of innocence, the benefit of the doubt, walking without worrying -- these should not be hallmarks of white privilege. They are human rights that should be enjoyed by all.
Educating for Democracy The recent series of shootings on college campuses reminded me of how fragile our \civilization\ really is, hanging by a thread of \normalcy.\
There's No More Valuable Investment Than in a Girl's Education Like many women today, I wear several different hats. I was the African girl child and now am an African woman, mother to the African girl child whose plight and potential I consider my own.
Getting Serious About Opportunity For All Young people have shown how hard they are willing to work to claim their right to education. Now we all must work harder to make sure that we target those left behind so that all children and young people everywhere have equal opportunities no matter where they live.
Newark Schools Still Struggling Despite Facebook Donation There have been some positive changes, but Newark has a long way to go.
Donald Trump & Vaccines Donald Trump may be a big blowhard, espousing his belief that there's a link between vaccines and autism based on no medical facts. But with the bully pulpit he has, he can influence parents to not vaccinate their children and the price could be deadly.
Seattle Teachers Strike On First Day Of School \We didn't want to strike, and it seems to be the only way to have a dialogue with our senior administration.\
A Teacher's Labor Day Plea to School Reformers In union there is strength. That was why it is so sad that Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, i.e. Scott Walker lite, and the Obama administration help pave the way for his union-bashing and did little to help working people in the Wisconsin recall campaigns.
We Salute You, Gwen Morgan Every parent who is looking for better quality in child care also owes Gwen a profound thank you.  For ten years -- between 1985 and 1995 -- Gwen compiled annual reports on each states' child care licensing standards.
Employers Take Note 
Hey adults, stop telling gamers to stop gaming. Instead, respect, and redirect. 
A Moonshot in Education Innovation Bottom line is that we simply don't know the future, and bureaucratic and highly regulated education systems are inherently inapt to respond to imminent learning opportunities and other emerging circumstances connected to the digital age.
Judge Rules Latest Pearson/NYSED Test Does Not Discriminate -- So Far On August 7, 2015 Kimba M. Wood of Federal District Court in Manhattan ruled that the ALST, the latest rendition of the Pearson/New York State Education Department literacy test for teacher certification candidates, does not discriminate against minority group members
My Students Don't Need More Debt My students are left facing a quandary
How To Choose The Right Student Loan Repayment Plan The right repayment plan for you will depend on your income, credit history and many other factors such as your ability to support higher monthly repayments. This article looks at how to pick the best student loan repayment plan for you.
The Power of Collective Voice Through the union, educators are raising our collective voice. Together with parents and students, educators are turning the tide.  Teaching is our heart. Our students are our soul. And the union is our spine. When educators raise their voice and their power, we can reclaim the promise of public education.
Will the New Jersey Lotto Help Student Loan Borrowers? For some graduates, paying off their student debt just became a gamble. Student loan debt has become an increasingly pressing crisis in the past several years, with politicians all suggesting solutions to help graduates pay off their student loans. New Jersey Assemblyman John Burzichelli recently proposed a student loan debt lottery.
Jonathan Kozol's Death at an Early Age Is Still a Must-Read Rereading Jonathan Kozol's Death at an Early Age on the 50th anniversary of his firing from the Boston Public School System is to be forced to confront the unrelenting horror of school segregation.
Getting Out From Under If you are a teacher or studying to be a teacher, you might be concerned about paying back your student loans. Even for the most frugal planners, student loan debt is a reality that many students and graduates face today.
The Teacher as Expert Movement As unpopular as I feel this may sound, I think we, as teachers, must recognize aspects of how we have traditionally gone about our work that has contributed to this sentiment. I see three main issues
Keys to Understanding Your Student Loans While in School It's no secret that most college graduates need student loans to help pay for college. In fact, many students take out multiple student loans with differing repayment terms. That's why it'simportant to understand what loans you're signing your name to.
The Process of Student Loan Deferment Explained If you are having trouble paying a student loan due to financial hardship or special life circumstances, you might qualify for a student loan deferment. The student loan deferment process is quite simple for the right individuals.
Our Golden Opportunity With the reauthorization of the absurd and dysfunctional NCLB, we have a chance to once again let teachers teach and let students learn. We have a chance to ignite their imaginations, encourage them to reach their full potential, and expand their world view beyond filling in bubble tests with a #2 pencil.
You Are What You Earn? Recently, the Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce released some findings about what new graduates could expect to earn. The results are interesting and may well speak to where the workforce will head if left to market forces.
6 Tips That Could Help Your Student Loan Repayment Finding ways to help save on your student loan repayment can save a lot of time and stress when managing your student loans. Take the time to clarify these commonly misunderstood repayment strategies.
One More Teacher for Bernie I'm not naive. I know that Sanders is a seasoned politician, that he didn't get where he is by being an amateur bumpkin. His ideas are going to have to be put forth and examined. I know he's not Superman or a knight on a white steed. But I also know Vermont, and I know slickness will only get you so far there.
Treat People as You Want to Be Treated A leader of a college or university (or any non-profit, for that matter) should do what one can for those who work at the institution. One thing one can do at no cost is simply to be appreciative of hard work and to thank people for their work. Doing so goes a long way, a very long way.
Holding Universities Accountable What if we tied public funding for community colleges and technical schools to their job-placement rates?
Your FAFSA Questions Answered The Free Application for Federal Student Aid or FAFSA is available to anyone who is considering graduate or undergraduate studies in the United States. The FAFSA is used by colleges and universities to determine eligibility for student aid.
A College Graduate's Guide to Student Loans Post-college graduation is the first time that many graduates will have to be financially responsible and fully support themselves. Part of that responsibility includes paying off their student loans.
No Equal in the World 
In Case You Don't Know What Great Teaching Looks Like I recently attended the 21st Century Children's Nonfiction Conference where the conversation encompassed all things nonfiction from writing it to publishing it to teaching it. What interested me most was what I knew least. How can gifted teachers use nonfiction in the classroom?
Community College and the American Dream Education changes lives and puts the American Dream within reach for millions of people. We see this every day at City Colleges of Chicago, a system of seven community colleges that has set a high bar for the success of every student, and accepts no excuses for failure.
From Goose Bumps to a Tight Rope Village Last week's Curios covered why we forget things when we walk through doorways, the purpose of goosebumps, and a Russian village where every resident can walk a tightrope.
Betterocracy Many reformsters have one fundamental point in common
This Is How High School Made You A Better Person Adults have always bemoaned the moral decay of the younger generation. And they keep getting it wrong.
For Effective Education Policy, Listen to Effective Teachers At the heart of the disagreement is whether the law should include meaningful accountability for the nation's most at-risk students. A group of effective classroom teachers from across the country is joining the fray with a powerful -- and perhaps unexpected -- message.
Why America Demonizes its Teachers -- Part 3 By refusing to take into account several factors which impede student learning and over which teachers have no control, this policy is, in essence, a punitive measure, a political weapon, a pre-emptive strike against teachers, intended to demoralize and drive them out of the teaching profession.
One Reason #WhyHostingMatters High school exchanges participants make a profound impact not only on their host families, schools, and communities, but ultimately on overall relationships with the citizens and governments of their countries.
You Graduated... Now, What? (10 Steps to Building Your Life on Purpose) I watched as my students picked up their cap and gown and carried it in their arms like a newborn baby. I smiled, said a few last words of encouragement, then asked, \You graduated... now what?\
Who's in Charge? Our Assumptions About Race and Gender In service of this cause, I offer a series of true stories -- acknowledging that for almost all of us our understanding of complex social phenomenon comes down to our own anecdotes.
Ken Ham Hits Miley Cyrus Like a Wrecking Ball Well, that was too much for Ken Ham. Denying there was a real Noah's Ark and being a libertine? Calling Noah's Flood a fairy tale and being open-minded?
Your Student Loan Refinancing Questions Answered Student loan refinancing is a great way to potentially save you money and lower your monthly payments. Refinancing is the process of consolidating your existing loan(s) into a new loan with a lower interest rate and a different term.
How Technology Is Disrupting Work and Education Faster Than You Ever Imagined The notion of robots largely replacing humans -- while true in some job sectors (e.g., automobile assembly) -- is still more metaphor than omnipresent reality. It is what robots symbolize that are the real threat to today's workforce.
Health Education Takes Center Stage The Institute of Medicine reports that students in kindergarten through 12th grade get only four to six hours of nutrition education per school year. In a culture where more than a third of young Americans are obese, it's worth looking at what helps these students retain the information they need to maintain a healthy weight.
Kindergarten Readiness, Part 2 In this post, I will share many of the early academic indicators of kindergarten readiness. The list is by no means comprehensive, but it will provide families with an understanding of what will be expected of their child and offer tips to help them prepare their child for a successful transition to kindergarten.
Here's How to Decide if Grad School is Right for You For many students, graduate school is a more focused version of college. You'll get specialized training in the industry you want to work in, plus the benefits of professional connections and credentials beyond a bachelor's degree.
Is Federal Loan Consolidation for You? A federal loan consolidation works differently than private loan consolidations. With a federal loan consolidation, all of your eligible federal loans are combined into one loan with a lower monthly payment. Borrowers can consolidate their loans after they graduate, leave school, or drop below half-time enrollment.
Should I Switch My Student Loan To a Variable Interest Rate? There are two different loan rates to choose from when financing student loans
Walking The Walk For Working Families As we fight our way back from the recession, it's clear that our economy isn't working for everyone. Too many don't have the skills they need for the jobs available. As a union, the AFT takes on these issues. This work isn't loud or provocative, but it's vital for our communities and our nation.
There's a Diploma for That I know the students worked hard, but perhaps Class of 2015 shouldn't refer to any student who finished any grade this year. Let's save the pomp and circumstance for just one very special circumstance
Classroom Aesthetics Sometimes the magic and beauty of the classroom, the soaring beyond simple skills and content, happens in the most unexpected ways. At these moments, we are experiencing a kind of performance art in the classroom.
Evidence-Based vs. Evidence-Proven Way back in 2001, when we were all a lot younger and more na\u00efve, Congress passed the No Child Left Behind Act (NCLB). It had all kinds of ideas in it, some better than others. The emphasis on research was certainly novel, and even revolutionary in many ways.
Tips For Paying Off Medical School Loans Repaying medical school loans can be a long and tedious process, but if you are proactive about your loans you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your repayment.
Cyber Citizenship Heads to Texas Public Middle Schools I remember sending my first text and opening my first MySpace account. I was 13 years old. Even though the smart phone was not in existence, my world of communication was forever changed.
\Throwing Out the Clock\ on Teacher Education As I have written before, the United States is experiencing profound, continuous, and accelerating change as the country makes a transition from a national, analog, industrial economy to a global, digital information economy.
Hand Trucks, Grit and the On-Demand Economy Only if we humans commit to continuously redesigning ourselves, adapting and improving as conditions around us change, persisting in the face of whatever happens, will there be critical roles for us in the dynamic technology-driven new economies, as well.
Trusted Teacher Fired for Discussing Sandy Hook During Safety Drill Teachers have to be allowed to teach and sensitive subjects must be allowed to be breached. Sandy Hook was a tragic event that no one wishes to see happen again, but we should also never forget.
Which Federal Student Loan Repayment Plan Is Right for Me? If you have a federal student loan, you may be curious about your repayment options. Luckily, federal student loans are most beneficial to those needing repayment assistance; the majority of these plans will help you lower your monthly payment at the expense of extending your loan term several years.
Why America Demonizes its Teachers -- Part 2 In view of the fact that many states in America now evaluate teachers on their students' performance, I wish to suggest five proposals that, if adopted by the appropriate agencies, would transform our country and, if adopted by other nations, would change the world.
Educating for Democracy After hearing the \good news\ of the high school graduation rate nationally -- over 81 percent -- I recalled a blog I wrote for Huffington Post four years ago.
Keep the Change This morning, I want to talk about money. I'm not referring to financial literacy, and no, I'm not planning to lament the pursuit of the almighty dollar or even discuss the subject of materialism at all.
Have Student Loans? Understand Your APR If you have graduated from college and have thought about consolidating or refinancing your student loans, you may be wondering what possible interest rate you can get. If you are still in school and need a private student loan, you may find yourself in the same situation.
11 Rights All Students (Should) Have 
Making Evidence Primary for Secondary Readers Striving Readers was a serious, well-meaning attempt to solve a very important problem faced by far too many secondary students
Game Changer Failure seems to be all the rage these days. Fail fast. Fail smart. Fail forward. It's hard not to gag on the plethora of \failure\ clich\u00e9s that headline cultural media today. My 6-year-old daughter is even wrapped up in the topic.
A Choosy Mom on Choosing Schools After spending many wonderful years in our church preschool, it was time for my daughter to transfer to public school. As any mom can attest to, this can be an emotional time. When you have a child with special needs, it can be unnerving.
Journalism Education and the Next War I've been spending time in Dubai with students and others involved in developing the next generation of the region's journalists. Everyone means well and is working hard, but I sense that these young people may slip into old patterns.
Misconception Monday Viruses are formidable, but they're not omnipotent, malevolent, or infinitely malleable. They are subject to the same evolutionary constraints as any other biological entity, notably, they cannot \try\ to become more virulent, or gain a set of mutations because they \need\ them in order to switch hosts.
Smartphones It's vital that we offer quality real-world learning and enrichment opportunities to all kids to reduce the time kids spend playing on their phones.
A Path to Dairy Farming, Not College 
Let's Calm Down About the College Search Let's stop making college into something it's not. It's not a stand in for parenting. It's not a guarantee for success nor a ticket to happiness. It's a campus, some classes, peers galore. It's a great privilege, an opportunity and a financial decision.
Everything You Need To Know About Applying for Student Loans The day has finally come - you have been accepted to college and cannot wait to start working on your degree. The only thing that stands between you and your future is figuring out how you will pay for the hefty price tag that comes with a college education.
3 Ways to Get the Best Private Student Loans for College Finding the right private student loan for you will help you fund your college degree with the best terms and with the lowest interest rate possible. Many students turn to private loans after they have exhausted all of their federal options.
The Easiest Ways to Get Student Loan Relief Those currently in repayment often opt into automatic payments to make life easier and to take advantage of a rate reduction. Although this passive option provides some student loan relief, there are options that could potentially save you a lot of money and shave a few years off of your repayment terms.
Make Entrepreneurship Education Your Summer School Summertime is perfect for supplementing your children's education with entrepreneurship.
5 Ways to Reduce Your Graduate School Student Debt If you are leaving your job to return back to school and are still paying on your undergraduate loans, consider refinancing them while your income is strong. Some refinancing lenders will allow for an education deferment while you return to graduate school.
An Ode to a Teacher's Summer Vacation Every June, I suffer from what I call a teacher hangover. It sticks around for about a week. There are some telltale signs that I have yet again succumbed to the condition.
Connections Education & Nexus Academy 
It's Proven. It's Perfect. I'll Change It. Innovation within proven programs can be a good thing, when schools have fully embraced and thoroughly understand a given program and now can see where it can be improved or adapted to their circumstances.  However, innovation too early in replication is likely to turn the best of innovations into mush.
Buying a Home?  Know Hard Costs Going In Surveys of potential home buyers, particularly first time buyers, are telling us that many could use a little more knowledge about two of the largest costs of ownership. Everyone needs a mortgage and insurance is necessary as well.
It's Time to Re-invest in Our Kids As the school year is coming to a close, access to affordable early education and child care is still on the mind of many parents. More than 23,000 children from across Massachusetts are being left behind, sitting on waitlists for enrollment in quality early education and out-of-school time care programs during this most critical stage of their development.
Real Estate Ebb and Flow-Old to Young Much has been written about the Baby Boomer generation, as they're coming into retirement now.  Approximately 10,000 boomers hit the age of 65 every day.  The boomer years are from 1946 through 1964.  Those born in 1946 turned 65 in 2011, and we've progressed through births in 1949.
5 Student Loan Tips for Recent College Graduates After graduation, student loan management is the last thing you want to think about. If you have landed your first full-time job, the reality of paying back your student loans is right around the corner. If you have been out several years, this is still an opportune time to learn more about your student loans and potentially save money.
Want to Consolidate Your Student Loans? Here's How The average American college student graduates with several student loans with an average total balance of $29,000 in student loan debt. Each academic year, students need to reapply for new loans to cover the upcoming tuition and school related expenses.
Why America Demonizes Its Teachers Evaluating teachers on their students' performance is an issue that has elicited much comment of late. In essence, this view assumes that if students aren't learning, the fault lies squarely with their teachers alone.
Thank a Teacher Thursday If we've seen one thing over and over again in this series of stories about influential teachers, it's that a little personal attention and encouragement from a teacher can change the course of a student's life.
Will Justin Bieber Become a Teacher? I had a dream last night that Justin Bieber visited my class. And offered the most powerful lesson any future teacher could hear.
Around the World in 30 Days In May, I continued my conversations with thought leaders from China to New York who sketched out for me the conflicting overlaps between creativity, innovation, reform and testing, and shared their efforts to create coalescence between them.
Proficient? \Proficient\ is having a moment right now in the education world, so perhaps this is an opportune moment to stop and reflect, to sit and think about how the term, like \all natural\ and \college and career ready,\ doesn't actually mean a thing.
Swatting, But Not at Flies Today my kids learn to deal with equally senseless attacks and murderous individuals. Once again, the vocabulary of measurement is dusted off. They practice the difference between Code Red, Code Green, and Code Yellow, and the instructions Lockdown, Closedown, Closed Campus and Shelter-in-Place.
Diversity in the Legal Profession Begins With Law School Title VII of The Civil Rights Act of 1964 created the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission to ensure equal, employment advancement for all and makes employment discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin illegal.
Understanding Your Finances After Your Child Is Accepted to College When your child gets an acceptance letter to college, you might feel excited - but also worried about money.
We Can Save Foster Children Only by Educating Them When President Obama recognized May 2015 as National Foster Care Month, his Proclamation honored \those who dedicate themselves to making a difference.\ As the month draws to a close, those of us working in the foster care trenches need to take a hard look at where we are still failing these children.
Flood Insurance Changes Real estate investors who have properties in areas requiring flood insurance need to know about changes in the law that went into effect on April 1, 2015. ROI and cash flow considerations make keeping up with cost increases important.
Making the Move From REITs to a More Active Investor Role I don't want to make this an article about becoming a super fix & flip guru or even managing your own rental properties. What I want to help investors to do is to look at how they can exit REITs but stay in real estate as an investment asset class.
Bringing the Wonder Back to Alice It's a warm spring evening in Central Park and a group of teens are gathered at the Alice in Wonderland statue, just up from the boating lake. For most of them, frolicking on the iconic statue is probably something they haven't done in a while. But today the teens don't hold back.
Buying and Selling Hope, One Student At A Time When you see students walk the stage at graduation this year, know that behind them is an invisible line of men and women who helped each one to buy hope for themselves and to bet on a future that needs their talent.
Poor Children Are Just Nails to Pound Education is about children -- real, living, breathing, complicated, tender, diverse children. There is no model, no assembly line, no template or standard methodology that can serve them well.
White Dads, Black Kids 
The Smartest Thing I've Ever Read About Consent Cathy Young's recent piece in the Washington Post, \Feminists want us to define these ugly sexual encounters as rape. Don't let them,\ is the most important piece to appear in the minefield of modern discourse on \affirmative consent.\
BerkleeICE & beIN SPORTS Create The Soundtrack Of Copa America HackingFutbol was a great example of what can happen when you bring people together from different backgrounds, making it a truly international collaboration. However, this is not the end of the road for BerkleeICE and beIN SPORTS.
The Global Search for Education 
Detroit South This fall, Volvo will bring its very first facility to North America. South Carolina has become a leader in the emerging auto manufacturing economy, and they're to be lauded for their success in attracting jobs to their state, including BMW and Boeing.
Robert Putnam's Our Kids and Reclaiming the American Dream I doubt that Putnam fully realizes how appreciative teachers are of his efforts to shift our toxic education debates to a conversation about the real problem, the opportunity gap. To close the racial and economic achievement gaps, we must regain the confidence required to tackle out-of-school issues as well as in-school issues.
10 Ways to Inspire a Love of Learning In 2008, Jessica Seinfeld released a cookbook for parents called \Deceptively Delicious.\ At the time, I was a newly-minted mother of a solid-food eating child. Seinfeld's book was all the rage among the other new mothers in my mama tribe. The recipes were \stealthily packed with veggies hidden in them so kids don't even know!\
Teaching Peace and Life Skills in Schools 
The Global Search for Education 
The Focus Room, and the Other Side of the Story The internet is blowing up over The Focus Room incident where a parent discovered that their child was being put in this Focus Room for hours on end. Many are reasonably horrified, and I think there is a lot of reason for concern and investigation. However... I can't help but wonder about the other side of the story
My Head Start Sometime around my fifth birthday, a clipboard-carrying young woman knocked on the door of my mother's shotgun house in our working-class, east Texas town.
A Particularly Chinese Dilemma Overshadowing this admirable cultural exchange between two global powers are the desperate lengths Chinese students go to ensure a prized spot at an American university.
First Amendment Lawsuit Says Student Was Punished for Wearing a T-shirt Advocating Gun Rights Near the entrance of Logan Middle School is a statue called \The Doughboy\ -- a World War I soldier carrying a firearm in one hand, and in the other a grenade.
Lesson for Urban Cities Chicago has been a school reform battlefield for decades. That is why the re-election of Mayor Rahm Emanuel carries with it national implications. In a race mirroring national trends, a centrist big-city Democrat faced off against a progressive challenger attacking him from the left.
The End of Reading in America and Other Related Matters Reading Shakespeare, the Greeks, and the classics; reading for life-wisdom, nourishment, guidance and growth; reading to save one's soul and to make sense of oneself and the enigma of life -- this kind of reading rarely exists anymore.
Why Kids May Actually Need More Testing, Not Less The education world has been buzzing after a segment on John Oliver's Last Week Tonight (warning - adult language) that viciously lampooned standardized testing. It's a funny piece about a serious issue that has polarized parents and lawmakers across the country. Are we testing kids too much?
Preying on the Promise of Higher Education There's a promise we make to the next generation
Two Important Test Questions The full range of debate about the Big Standardized Tests really comes down to answering two critical questions about the testing
High School Seniors Who Enlist Get Higher Education of a Different Sort While most of their classmates will be celebrating the end of high school, the beginning of college, and perhaps be a little nervous at living away from home, these one-percenters will be experiencing excitement and some nervousness of an entirely different sort.
Youth Empowerment Matters We know that empowering youth can be as simple as listening to them. And when youth are actively engaged in a problem that concerns them, outcomes are better.
Encouraging the Discouraged Reader Why do we have so many children that choose not to read? As I pondered that question, I was watching a children's TV channel and decided to do some informal research. I decided to pay particular attention to the commercials being presented to our children.
Student Loses Hope After Too Much Testing (VIDEO) Young people almost always know what is going on in the adult world. So, if you want to know what is working in the classroom or in a school, just ask the students.
Teachers in Search of Good Research The phrase \research says\ has been so misused that many teachers cringe when they hear the words. That isn't because helpful research doesn't exist; it's because teachers have been exposed to a lot of bad advice and instruction claiming to be \research-based,\ often in professional-development sessions organized by their principals and superintendents.
Lessons for Parents on Pink Versus Blue Tech I've spent the better part of my career looking at how technology influences kids and teens, and how gender can play a role in media experiences. Of course, we know that awareness for gender equality means being attune to our own personal biases and preferences.
Thank And Remember A Teacher Now, I'm saluting Frances Myers, the teacher that made the difference for me, in the hopes that her granddaughters, my daughter and anyone who's a student, will appreciate all that the best of our teachers do for us.
For Mother's Day, Moms Need Quality Early Learning Opportunities This year, we have the potential to level the playing field for our low-income children and families. As California's budget surplus continues to soar, policymakers have a choice to make
Cheryl Williams, The Mentor Who Goes Above And Beyond She teaches her students to listen closely to the rhythm of Shakespeare's words and find meaning in them. She teaches her students to not just find meaning in these ancient texts, but also to find meaning in every day human relationships.
Excuses \u2018R' Us Is Closed For Business Anyone who thinks that music classes are not as challenging as academic classes has never sat in one of her classes.
Thomas Whitby's Ascent As a Connected Educator Digital media and its impact on education was still in an embryonic phase in the early 1990s when author and edtech pioneer Thomas Whitby received his Masters of Science degree in educational technology.
Developing Resiliency in Lethal School Violence Prevention - Part 1 of 2 Resilience is best defined in practice as the ability to recover. It's a hard topic to bring up regarding school violence prevention - no doubt - but important when we can recognize success stories.
Our First Teachers As I shared in a post at this time last year, the topic of education always seems to surface when I speak with adult children of all ages about the admiration they have for their mothers.
Thank You, First Sergeant Westbrook and Gunnery Sergeant Small If it wasn't for them, I would not be graduating from DePauw University in 18 days. While in high school, they offered me so much guidance in my academic life, but even more impactful was the guidance they offered in my personal life.
Make Like A Sponge! I always had the feeling that she might have easily been a great writer or leader in any field, but somehow decided to stay in the same classroom for as many years as I have known her, patiently prying young brains with a methodical, calm, questioning style.
To The Teachers Who Taught Beyond The Textbook I couldn't be more grateful for the teachers who have entered my life and helped to shape me into the person I am.
Mr. MacPherson Circa 1982 Teachers are important and have the extreme ability to change a person's life. Mr. Macpherson is a true example of this.
A Thank You to Kelly, An Amazing Educator, For Changing My Life Kelly is the type of educator who calls attention to the aspects of society most people would like to pretend do not exist; the type of educator who cares deeply for her students and their success. Kelly is the type of educator who changes the world, student by student.
Teacher of My Heart I came from a very poor family, on public assistance, and family life was exceedingly dysfunctional. I started 4th grade a day late. I walked into a class full of children I did not know, but it did not matter -- school was my safe place. And Mrs. Harrison was my shelter.
'The Moment Gratitude Changed My Perspective In The Classroom' I have experienced many moments of gratitude that have changed my life. Yet as I reflect on these moments, one stands out
The Practical Liberal Arts It is a critical time for liberal arts institutions that serve this student body to engage in better publicity about the vocational value of the liberal arts. Now, there's a message worthy of a commencement address.
The Difference Between Real and Fake News About Marijuana Even if the folks at D.A.R.E. somehow did not realize that this was likely, at best, a satire site, any qualified drug educator should know that the information about marijuana contained in the article is not even close to accurate.
Education Community Stands Up for Safe, Effective Data Use Where student data are concerned, privacy and security are paramount. Information is power, and we need to keep private, personal information out of the wrong hands. But what about getting the right information into the right hands?
A Gay 6-Year-Old's Thank You To His First Grade Teacher, 20 Years Later I firmly believe that without Lisa, the negative education statistics that plague Latino communities would have become my sobering reality. Instead, Lisa was one of the first people who recognized my potential and instilled in me a passion for learning.
Educating for Democracy Many more \great students\ could be developed and supported if only their schools allowed their teachers to discover who they really are and nurture their passions. At present we are moving in the opposite direction.
Do Torture, Shunning, Shaming and Humiliation Build Character? KIPP Schools, Success Academies, Democracy Prep and any number of other \no excuses\ schools are not developing true grit and resilience other than the numb grit required to endure humiliation and the resilience necessary to get up and go to school every day.
College Ready Baloney In fact, we have no clear, complete, scientifically supported picture of what a college ready student looks like, nor any proven way to measure the complex of qualities (that we still can't name and quantify). Standardized test scores are not a proxy, not even a bad one
From Instructional Technologist to Educational Evangelist Today, the educational evangelist, speaker and author travels the globe to explain how technology and social media can best be incorporated within classroom instruction.
Should We Hold Arne Duncan and Every Other Reformer Accountable for Every Child They Hurt? If reformers want to hold us accountable for each child, wouldn't we have to hold them accountable for every child damaged by their policies? Wouldn't we end up in an even greater education civil war? Or maybe we should...
Opt Outers Face Confusing Summer Summer vacation is supposed to be a time of camps, family vacations and growth experiences for students and their families. But the massive opt out movement of last April has led to a confusing collapse of summer traditions.
Startup Students 
Why College Signing Day Is Important for the Nation This Friday May 1st, more than 400 events across the nation have been planned to celebrate College Signing Day. These events will acknowledge students' decisions to pursue their education beyond high school.
Union Rights Are Fundamental to Mission of Public Schools Our public institutions are strengthened, not weakened, when workers exercise their rights. I wish executives could see that a voice at work for educators fortifies the school, bringing the intellectual assets of teachers and staff to school decision-making.
#UTADNA Grad Student of the Year 
Responding to Changes in the Rental Market Owning rental property has been a path to riches for a great many investors. Rental property is funding awesome retirement lifestyles as well. We've also been enjoying a surge in rental demand and rents since the recovery began after the crash in 2007.
The Dynamics of Listening My suggestions are most easily applied in settings where both teachers and students have considerable autonomy, but I hope these ideas may be useful to teachers even in traditional settings.
Transitioning From the Wholesale to Retail Flip I LOVE real estate and every facet of real estate investment. From wholesaling and flipping houses to rental property ownership, there's opportunity for profit in every market, whether rising, falling, or sitting still.
Step Off the Direct Path, Service Something Larger Than Yourself 
Does Your Child's School Have a Quality STEM Program? Based on our work, we have developed standards and criteria for parents and community leaders to quickly gauge the quality of the STEM education programs in their community.
New York Teachers Even though Hochul was listed separately on the ballot in the primary, Weingarten acknowledged in her September 8, 2014, robocall that she was performing the call on behalf of the Democratic Party -- and the Democratic Party considered Hochul to complete the Cuomo re-election ticket.
The Global Search for Education 
Is Learning Increasingly Self-Directed in the Digital Era? It is vital that educators be trained to recognize and nurture self-directed learning using technology and be capable of creating learning environments that support it.
Stand Up for Sleep-Deprived Students For growing teens, this daily trudge is more than a minor annoyance. Countless studies and medical experts are sounding the alarm (no pun intended)
College Admissions Brand names do not necessarily maximize student's financial success. If financial success is not driving the mania behind college admissions competitiveness, then what is?
The Death of Liberal Arts? Or the Reunion of Broken Parts Zakaria is a compelling spokesman for the Liberal Arts. He shows unequivocally their importance in the cultural, economic and developmental world and how our world becomes threatened by the narrow focus of Manichean politics.
Online Avatars May Be Part of Our Developmental DNA 
The Education Innovators There has been lots of talk the past few years about the coming \disruption\ in higher education. Technology, critics suggest, will present traditional colleges and universities with daunting challenges. Some have estimated that half will be forced to close their doors in the next 15 years.
To Meet New Student Standards, We Must Support and Empower Teachers We have at our doorstep, a once in a century opportunity for education in America. Almost every state in America is introducing higher, more rigorous standards for all students.
Putting Our Children First This past week, I attended an Orange Township public school board meeting in New Jersey in support of first-year teacher, Marylin Zuniga, who has been suspended from her teaching position at Forest Street Elementary School.
Saying Yes! Last Thursday was Career Stars in the Media Center at Westland Middle School in Montgomery County. Spending so much time in corporate America, I was a tad nervous and wanted to do an especially good job as my daughter was in the audience.
ESEA Goes Further, but Not Necessarily Forward There are three potentially important improvements and one significant backslide, but any shortcomings in this draft are fixable as this bill moves to the Senate floor. Sounds like a win for students, right? We're not so sure.
Reflections on the 2015 International Summit on the Teaching Profession As exciting as all this was, where were the teachers in these conversations? Many of us felt that we were invited because we actively lead in our schools, communities, and countries, and we expected to have a similar role at ISTP. We felt stifled in the exchange. So, in true teacher form, we didn't give up.
How Can We Learn from Success Without Some Way of Telling Who's Successful? Education has always been a bit of a black box. Before the uniform administration of state assessments, even teachers and schools who were doing truly astounding work were often only known to their students and their students' parents.
Hillary Clinton Feels Common Core Pain Hillary Clinton may need to school herself a bit more on \Leave No Child Behind,\ and the real story of the Common Core, if she wants to move teachers, students and parents off the sidelines. Those of us whose lives are being organized and sorted out for us have a different perspective on these tests.
A GI Bill for Millennials Congress should amend the President's free tuition idea to create the civilian equivalent of a GI Bill for young adults who engage in 1-3 years of national service. That single change would turn the President's proposal from a college giveaway to an opportunity that serves both the individual and the country.
A Step Forward in Washington, A Step Back in New York There's no silver bullet when it comes to helping all children achieve. Great public schools are our best shot. But until we have more leaders willing to look past ideology, listen to those closest to the classroom, and find common ground, we won't move forward.
Am I Ready for Hillary? Hillary Rodham Clinton is running for President. Let the questions begin. My question is, will she be good for public education?  Clinton's track record hasn't brought her into education issues very often. But there is one huge honking squealing flashing siren wrapped in a fluorescent red flag atop a high-powered blinking crimson light.
It's So Obvious That You Are a Med School Student The way you interact with your fellow med student colleagues at work calls out your job description. It's not the content of what you say to each other as you cross paths in the hospital hallways that leaves your identity utterly exposed. Rather, it is the way your eyes transmit a complex but mutual signal of despair and competition that clearly says it all.
Why Don't We Have Family Leave Policies for High School Students? Teen parents who are able to finish high school have significantly better outcomes for themselves and their children than those that drop out.  That being the case, why do we offer no legal protection for teens based on their status as parents?
4 Ways the House Republican Budget Hurts Students These changes are projected to save the government $60 billion over 10 years. While this may sound like a lot, it is a mere two percent of the $3.02 trillion in tax revenue the federal government collected in fiscal year 2014 alone.
The Power of Parenting with Social and Emotional Learning On the one hundredth day of school, my son's teacher morphed each first grade child's photograph into an elderly individual with the facial lines of life experience and asked, \What do you want to be like when you are 100?\ My son wrote in response, \I want to be kind to kids.\
Lifelong Learners in a Rapidly Changing World The pace of change is accelerating, and it's estimated that 70 percent of them will end up in jobs not yet invented. They will collaborate with people on multiple continents, struggling to solve problems we don't yet recognize.
Some Details on the Senate-Proposed ESEA Reauthorization In the Alexander-Murray reauthorization, assessments continue to eat up a notable portion of state education budgets. However, the language allows for states to seriously reduce testing time from that which is required of the Common Core State Standards (CCSS) consortium tests.
Education Reformers Are So Gullible The thing voters need to ask themselves is
Why Tech Companies and Community Colleges Should Form Deeper Partnerships The time is ripe for community colleges to start partnering up with young tech companies. I'm proud that our company is leading the industry in forging a new kind of relationship.
3 Reasons Why You Should Never Send a Kid to a Dictionary to Look Up the Spelling of a Word As an elementary school teacher for 17 years, I have been asked for the spelling of a word hundreds, if not thousands, of times. Every time I have been asked -- without exception -- I have given my student the spelling of the word. Happily.
America's Combat Towards Government Surveillance While focusing on liberal arts is definitely important to teach our children, John Oliver's uncovering of Americans ill-informed comprehension of the Internet proves we need to place computer science at the same core level as math, science, history and reading.
Where Have All the Teachers Gone and How Do We Get Them Back? We need more policymakers and parents pushing for a day when there isn't a rush to see the school lists of who will be teaching their child because every classroom is led by an excellent teacher.
An Education That Starts With Morning Rhythms School for me does not start in the classroom. My lessons begin the minute I leave my house. My commute now shapes my identity in ways I never imagined when I decided to attend high school in the heart of Chicago.
Reflections of an Octogenarian VIII Through its unholy partnership with high stakes testing, the charter school movement has diverted our attention from the real issues confronting us and discouraged genuine innovation and reform. To paraphrase Einstein, \Charter schools are to experimentation as military music is to music.\
Seven More Reasons to Opt-Out of High-Stakes Testing In case you need more reasons to oppose high-stakes Common Core tests, here are seven more reasons to opt-out.
What Little League Baseball Tells Us About the Skills Gap Talent is fueled by a natural curiosity and love of learning that is either encouraged -- or squelched -- at a very early age.  By the time we reach peak earning years, we've spent thousands of hours mastering what we need.
ASU + GSV Report Administrators need to ensure the product is economically feasible, teachers need to believe it promotes desired outcomes (increasingly aligned to Common Core and other standards), and students need to engage and not feel as if the technology is being forced upon them.
Success Academy Works for My Kid No doubt there are parents who feel that Success' approach to teaching and learning is not a good match for their child. No one should press these parents to send their children to such a school -- nor should they be forced to praise teaching methods with which they disagree.
Grade-Span Tests Are Not the Answer Congress can ensure a better future for our kids by reauthorizing the Elementary and Secondary Education Act with language that empowers schools to limit redundant benchmarking assessments, maintains annual standardized tests for third through eighth grade, and changes the stakes to offer more support to teachers serving students with the greatest needs.
Student Academic Success Gets Boost From Fitness and Nutrition As Mrs. Obama asserted, \if we all keep pushing forward, day after day, year after year, we will finally be able to give our kids the healthy futures they so richly deserve.\
Race to the Top Note to presidential candidates
Can Online Fundraisers Save Struggling Schools? A couple of recent stories highlight schools turning to online fundraising to provide students with everything from basic classroom supplies to long-distance field trips.
Adventures of a Creationist at the Field Museum A homeschooling mom's video recently went viral and offers insight into the minds of people outraged at the idea of science museums. An audit implies a power relationship, and Fox had come to the Field Museum on a mission to put those scientists in their place.
Move Over Memorization We have to ask ourselves, now that answers to myriads of questions are a google search away, why would we measure student knowledge by an ability to regurgitate facts through multiple choice tests?
Cheating All Around If this system of widespread and coordinated cheating has a positive outcome, it is to cast a bright light on the desperation of people trying to survive a system that punishes rather than supports struggling.
Another School Vacation? How Parents Can Prevent the Spring Slide Spring is here, which means warm weather, antsy children, and another school vacation. When the fun and relaxing times end, returning to school can be quite overwhelming.
Schools ENACT Positive Change With Drama Therapy Trained extensively in the ENACT method, actors create a \safe container\ for students, many of whom are recruited for the program because of behavioral or truancy issues that are threatening to derail their academic careers.
Can Students Wear American Flag Clothing to School? School officials banned the wearing of the American-flag clothing on only one day of the school year. What day was that? Cinco de Mayo -- a day to celebrate Mexican heritage. School officials did not ban American-flag clothing on any other school day -- just one.
The PDP Farce -- Wink, Wink, Nod, Nod PDPs - Professional Development Plans (usually referred to as Professional Development Points by teachers) - are the primary means of giving teachers needed training during their careers.
What Does \Where's Waldo\ Have in Common With the Nation's Main Education Law? When my children were much younger, I loved playing \Where's Waldo\ with them, trying to find the character in the distinctive hat amidst a confusing mass of other figures. They have grown, and now I play \Where's ESEA?\
The Barriers to Technology in Education For technology within the classroom to be effective, there must be noticeable benefits resulting from it and concerted studies are required to quantify the effects of technology on education.
Colleges of the Future Must Go Back to the Future Higher education must educate young people for jobs that do not yet exist, to solve problems that have yet to be identified. Upon graduation, they must be fully capable of adapting to change and reinventing themselves throughout their professional careers.
If the Money Belongs to the Student... I've resisted this notion for a long time. The money, I liked to say, belongs to the taxpayers, who have used it to create a school system that serves the entire community by filling that community with well-educated adults. But hey-- maybe I've been wrong.
Dear Educators We've had enough of the lies -- being told that our students can't do the work, aren't proficient, and don't have what it takes to succeed in public schools.
The Indignant and Audacious Teacher Jill O'Malley, known to her readers as The Indignant Teacher, was a dedicated professional and mother of three from Boston. She shared many of the traits of the ten finalists for the Global Teacher Prize, an initiative intended to identify and celebrate what is working in education.
Teaching Students Happiness and Innovation As educators and parents, we know that our kids will create the future. What skills should they be learning at school and at home to help them along the way? Ferry offers new ways of thinking about parenting and education and the values our children need to attain.
8 Ways Blended Learning Changes the Game Despite having been raised by two teachers and working for an ed tech company, I knew that sending my oldest off to kindergarten this year would be an education for me.
Have You Any Decency? What Every American Needs to Know About High Stakes Testing and the Latest Threat to Civil Liberties While supporters of the corporate education reform agenda are denigrating parents, belittling students and targeting organize labor, one wonders who is keeping an eye out for protecting civil liberties and preserving American democracy.
The Global Search for Education 
Why Critical Thinking Will Never Be on the Test Critical thinking is NOT starting with the conclusion that you want to reach and then constructing a bridge of arguments specifically designed to get you there, and yet this is perilously close to the kind of thinking a standardized test requires.
Suggestions to High-School Students for Reading Shakespeare  --  Part 3 The initial strangeness you may encounter in reading Shakespeare is simply the play's way of telling you that you've entered another world, which is, after all, why you're reading his play in the first place.
Graduation Rates Are Rising, but Too Many Students Are Still Falling Behind Even with these improvements, one in five students is still not graduating on time, and the graduation rate remains 13.4 percentage points lower for black and Hispanic students than for white students.
Is Your Child's Creativity Going Unnoticed? Intelligence is of course an important part of the equation but what of creativity, of identifying and measuring divergent thinking, and fostering its development?
College is Much More Than an End Game I would argue that attending a top college is not worthwhile because of the brand name of the institution, but rather because of the resources and opportunities for high level scholarship, access to top professors, alumni networking and motivated classmates.
Parents as Chief Advocates Dear Fellow Parents, Did you know that in addition to your responsibilities of Chief Caregiver, Chief Cheerleader and Chief Taxi driver, Chief Advocate is high on the list? If you have a child with special needs, you know exactly where I'm going with this.
12 Things Teachers Think But Can't Always Say to Parents Please know that both legally and ethically, there are times when I want to say something or agree with you but cannot for a multitude of reasons, usually pertaining to the privacy of another student. I will miss your child for the rest of my life, even if your child was incredibly difficult and made my days long and exhausting.
Homage to My Teachers It is ironic that the Women's Rights Movement which has opened up the doors of opportunity for talented women to have a greater choice of vocation has had a negative effect on recruiting the most gifted among them for careers in education. The future course of education must be to make the profession as attractive as it has become in Finland.
First Job Blues I work very well with others and have always easily got along with most people. Given my personality, I never thought being a waitress at a retirement community restaurant would pose such a difficult challenge.
What I Learned from a College Tour Like most of us, I tend to assume however subconsciously that institutions I have passed through remain more or less preserved in time as in my own memory. I was surprised to see how much has changed since I graduated in 1988.
The Global Search for Education If we want to transform the K-12 education system to meet the needs and challenges of 21st-century citizenship and leadership, we need to ensure global learning is available for all.
An Interview with a Revolutionary, Professor Peter McLaren \My advice to teachers is to democratize access in your institutions so that working families from urban and rural sectors can attend, and give the poor the same chance to prepare for higher education as the rich since the goal of education is to create an egalitarian society.\
The Straw That Broke the Teacher's Back Real education reform requires many voices, working on a variety of platforms, and a variety of issues. But the one voice that is consistently missing is the voice of educators. We can change that as a profession.
#Selma50 Now is the time for us to speak out, join together and reclaim the promise of America. That starts by educating our students about the impact of the civil rights movement, acting collectively to achieve a renewal of the Voting Rights Act and redoubling our efforts to ensure all children grow up in safe communities with high-quality neighborhood public schools.
Skills for Social Progress Excellent schools make sure their students have access to the world's most advanced knowledge, they strengthen key skills such as creativity, critical thinking, collaboration and communication. But their main differentiator is that they also develop mindfulness, curiosity, courage, resilience and leadership.
Is Early Reading a Problem? Giving each child the earliest best possible shot at learning to read is an admirable and worthwhile goal, but demanding that each and every child meet a One Size Fits All standard is not, particularly when that standard has not taken into account the realities and varieties of early child development.
Why Our Kids Don't Love School Anymore Parents and students talked about the dramatic changes in curriculum and a flood of test prep in classes and homework.  Some spoke about the massive expenditures for technology and testing materials, as hands-on instructional time declined.
Doctor, Lawyer, Camel Rancher When you became a parent, you were entrusted with a squishy little bundle of brains, possibilities, and aspirations--and you committed to giving your offspring everything at your disposal and more.
Good Habits Live Long My identity and story are built on passions and habits. For example, something in my mind and body prevents me from falling asleep without reading the hard copy of the front page of The New York Times every night.
Doing It Yourself 
Restore the True Spirit of ESEA Congress has the opportunity to invest in our nation's most valuable resource -- our youth. We need to write to our legislators to remind them of the original intent of ESEA and the need to ensure that our students get a world-class education that allows them to become contributing members of society.
Hidden in Plain Sight You might not have observed what is called \street art stickers\ before, but once you do, you'll start seeing them everywhere.
Suggestions to High-School Students for Reading Shakespeare -- Part 2 Reading is their sanctuary, their Holy of Holies, and when they are reading, they are on holy ground. Reading is their inspiration, their sacrament, their solace, their strength, and blessed are they who have discovered their bliss.
Parent Involvement in Schools Matters In the 11th and 12th grade, I had a student whose mother was in jail. He did not have much of a relationship with her. She had been incarcerated on and off for most of his life. One Friday afternoon, he told me she was going to be released. He had a car and planned to meet her after school across town.
Of Teachers and Educational Technology With the digital revolution spreading its wings into all aspects of society, its inroads into academia are unavoidable. It is therefore essential that teachers be prepared both mentally and skill-wise in the use of technology in the classroom.
Learning From Improvement or Not When I visited it was clear that a lot of things had spurred school improvement, but it had all started with a change in leadership. This is completely in line with all the best research -- school improvement almost always starts with a new principal.
Five Questions for LaVerne Evans Srinivasan LaVerne Evans Srinivasan, the new Vice President of Education Programs at Carnegie Corporation of New York, speaks with Deanna Lee, the Corporation's Chief Communications and Digital Strategies Officer, about finding inspiration and innovation.
Truth and Consequences Winston Churchill once defended democracy by calling it, \The worst form of government, except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.\ Perhaps the same can be said for test-based accountability.
Inheriting the Greek Language The Greek language is truly a gift to the development of European civilization, and its culture has influenced many people extending beyond the borders of Europe.  Although many educated Europeans carried with them the love for the ancient Greek language and culture upon settling in the New World, not much was known about the Greek culture as a whole.
Reflections of an Octogenarian IV Educators are still talking about a core curriculum, but nothing about its core. A few isolated voices call out for a \national conversation about race,\ but, for the most part, it goes unheeded.
The Global Search for Education We liked their innovative ideas so much, we decided to invite these talented 12 back each month to answer one big picture question related to 21st century education.
No Child Left in Isolation If you want to close achievement gaps between poor students of color and their wealthier white counterparts, you must reduce the high levels of socioeconomic isolation in urban communities.
The Elephant in the School Failure Debate By all means we need high expectations in our schools. But with the spotlight on income gaps, it's time to draw in the missing parts of the picture. Poverty is real. We need action at the statehouse, not just the schoolhouse, to enable educators to succeed in spite of it.
If Ever There Was a Kid Born to Read We took our son to the bookstore constantly in the first four years of his life. What happened next was astounding.
Roald Dahl, The BFG and the Measles If people are afraid -- and it is fear that underlies the refusal to vaccinate -- they don't need to be badgered or sneered at, they need to be reassured. And that reassurance comes best from someone they trust. If not Roald Dahl, perhaps an older person who might remember what it was like before vaccines.
Living Your Future Is An Authentic Process 
The Best Class I Have Taken To spend more time with my two little girls and to learn something new together, I enrolled us in a Taekwondo dojang.
Speaking of Measles, Scott Walker's Vaccine Against Education Given those kinds of positive results for Wisconsin, one could say that Walker has been rather pro-education. So, why has he suddenly decided to go on the offensive against education?
Back to the Future? It is my strong belief that if we, as an educational community, are to succeed in taking full advantage of our ever-evolving \21st century\ tools, we first need to commit ourselves to sharpening our understanding and usage of some \20th century\ (or older) educational staples.
Parents, Share Your Story It has never been easier to learn. Formal and informal learning options abound. The opportunity set has never been greater. But, as opportunities and options explode, families are faced with unprecedented amounts of decisions related to education.
Martin Shore and Berklee City Music Join Forces With 'Take Me to the River' Educational Initiative In honor of Black History Month last week at the Apollo, director and producer Martin Shore and legendary artists celebrated the launch of an educational mission to empower and educate students.
Suggestions to High School Students for Reading Shakespeare \u2013- Part 1 All paths lead to the mountaintop, and every teacher of Shakespeare has his or her way of teaching his plays.  This is the first in a series of articles that explore one teacher's suggestions to high-school students for reading his plays. These articles are addressed to students, but teachers also may find them of interest, as may the general reader.
Is Teach for America Beginning to Lose Its Luster? A recent article notes that the TFA program is \suddenly having recruitment problems.\ The article reveals that applications are down 10 percent, yet the demand for recruits from the program \is extremely high,\ according to the co-chief executive of Teach for America.
The Global Search for Education Technology has become further integrated into the daily operations of most Australian schools.\nThe entire teacher workforce can now collaborate nationally on innovations in practice that address the problems they encounter in implementing a new curriculum.
Are You Listening to Your Kids? If you answered six or more of these questions, then you really understand your child and are an involved parent. If you do not know these answers, it is not too late to listen, talk and be a part of your child's life.
Leveling the Playing Field for Our Kids A high-quality public education can unlock our children's potential. It can bring communities together. It can ensure a top-notch workforce for our economy and an engaged citizenry for our democracy. We have an opportunity with the ESEA reauthorization to help reclaim the promise of public education.
The Chapel Hill Shooting Who is teaching kids problem-solving, or entrepreneurism, or how to collaborate and appreciate diversity? Tests don't really assess that.
Reality, Risk & Reward If we're going to wring our hands over whether today's kids are losing creativity, though, it only takes seeing the smiles and obvious pride on \MasterChef Junior\ participants' faces to suggest that it's worth the attempt.
Welcome to the PAGE2Ferguson Blog Salon At this time of protest over systems of power, oppression, racism, and police brutality, Imagining America
How a Student from the Non-College Track Became a Founder of Schools We Americans believe in equality; therefore we believe each of us has a unique potential waiting to be realized. But only some of us excel in academics, just as some of us excel in athletics, performing arts, salesmanship and so on.
An \Informed Consumer\ of Students' Test Scores The care we give to buying a vacuum cleaner is absent when we consider the test scores released to the news media by the states and local school districts. And, from those test scores the news media, politicians, and the general public reach simplistic conclusions about the effectiveness of public education.
Learning From Failure Most innovations fail. And like NPR Planet Money's Adam Davidson explains, \life span of innovations has never shorter, meaning that failure happens more quickly.\ So it is not too soon to start to contemplate of the obituaries of the contemporary school reform movement.
A Better Way to Spend $60 Billion? Expand Pell Grants Let's make an even greater investment in the Pell Grant program. And let's eradicate labor market inequalities that reward white high school dropouts with greater access to jobs than black graduates with a community college degree.
Unprecedented Opportunities In January of 2013, I had no sooner finished speaking to a group of independent school leaders about how online and blended learning would impact their schools in the future, when one of the audience members rushed up to tell me why I was wrong.
All Children Are Not the Same To learn more about the the recent report, \Reading Instruction in Kindergarten
Every Mom and Dad a STEM Mentor 
Progressive Labels for Regressive Practices A number of labels that originally signified progressive ideas continue to be (mis)appropriated, their radical potential drained away, with the result that they're now invoked by supporters of \bunch o' facts\ teaching or a corporate-styled, standards-and-testing model of school reform.
Why Rescue the Latest Failed 'Chief for Change'? Tulsa's choice is doubly perplexing at a time when the new chair of the Senate Education Committee, Lamar Alexander, is crafting compromises that will undo the policies that coerced states into adopting value-added evaluations, and pulling the plug on the failed SIG that Gist promoted.
Teach, Stream, Be Acquired The College Board -- yes, the same folks behind the dreaded SAT exam all college-bound high school students must take with a No. 2 pencil -- estimates the average costs of tuition and fees for a private college in 2013-14 topped $30,000.
Choice Is a Privilege In a town like Chicago, \choice\ isn't a right, but a privilege based on income, class, and skin color.
Inland Empire Early College Paves Pathway to Postsecondary In the Inland Empire sprawling east of Los Angeles, the promise of the American-California Dream can seem as remote as the Pacific and the Sierras.
Cracks in \Talent Pipeline\ Pose Risks for Employers and College Students With Disabilities America's colleges and universities would do well to examine what RIT and other leaders in career services are doing right, because many, if not most, are getting it wrong.
California Blueprint for Creative Schools Unveiled The California County Superintendents Educational Services Association (CCSESA) has held several arts training events based on a groundbreaking program called \Creativity at the Core\ in advance of the broader vision.
What's Good for Cuomo Is Bad for Students I'm blessed and privileged to be a teacher. The longer I do it, the more I appreciate it. But Andrew Cuomo has not the remotest notion of why that is.
Why Won't Arne Duncan and Other True Believers in High-Stakes Testing Face Reality? As high-stakes testing becomes even more unpopular, we can also anticipate more of his efforts to pretend that it isn't punitive. But the use of test scores to punish is, by definition, the use of tests to punish.
Charter Schools Vital to DC's Educational Renaissance Public charter schools have taken firm root in Washington, DC. This year, for the first time since charter schools were introduced to the District 18 years ago, more public schools in the city are run by charters than by DC Public Schools (DCPS).
How a Humans of New York Fundraiser Taught Us About Education It was the call to action heard 'round the Internet
Emotional Intelligence Needs a Moral Rudder While it would be such a relief for schools if helping students become \good\ was as simple as teaching them emotional skills, a recent study suggests that there's a lot more to acting morally than knowing how to manage your emotions.
Smarts, With a Side of Grits According to a 2014 paper by the Australian psychology professor Arthur E. Poropat, research has shown that \conscientiousness\ and \openness\ (i.e. creativity and curiosity) are more important to student success than intelligence.
Teaching Character Versus Life Skills in Schools Should schools teach personality or character? This is the question posed in a recent New York Times op-ed by Anna North. When educators focus on personality or character, you get debates about whether it is the role of schools to try to imbue character or personality.
The President's Plan for Tuition-Free Education at Community Colleges The President has introduced only the grand idea of providing tuition-free education for all students attending community colleges, an idea which, at first glance, seems to have great merit.  But at this point we know very few details.
The Character of My Boat Boats are like movie cameras and can grow into films or stories themselves. When you think a boat's life is over -- dead, think again; its ending grows into a new beginning. Boats can have many lives, as long as their captain has a dream and a good work ethic.
Young People Must Know Their Own History Do our young people know about our own nation's history, particularly how our society has responded to marginalized groups? This question has been coming up consistently for me in recent months.
EduScholar Rankings There is a gap--no, a chasm--between what scholars find to be at the root of achievement gaps and what we must do to narrow them, and the agendas that many policymakers continue to push.
How to Design Smart Toys For Creative Kids Investments in education technology are at an all-time high, but school curricula have become increasingly structured and standardized, at the expense of playtime and the arts.
Lessons from Chile While research evidence does not support current pro-choice and high stakes accountability reforms, their ideological appeal seems widespread. Perhaps we can learn from a country in which these neoliberal policies were imposed before they became prominent in the U.S.
Teacher's Image Takes a Hit in America Something about our fast-paced, super consumerist society seems to have robbed the teaching vocation the respect it deserves, disposing that once concrete and tender human relationship to a matter of mere transaction.
From Student to Teacher How did they do it? How did an island nation of five million people become one of the elite education systems on the planet? What is their secret, their special formula? What is the Singapore story?
A Reset Button 
4 Surprising Reasons Why Preschool and Kindergarten Must Change We need to take a serious look at our Pre-K and Kindergarten programs before we have a generation of students so far behind they will never catch up.
What White Educators Can Learn From Pittsburgh's Police Chief McLay's words were intended mainly for the officers under his command. But they could just as well have been addressed to educators in our nation's schools.
You Say You Want a Revolution? The revolution we still need builds on the values of equity, democracy and community responsibility that drove these advances. The revolution we still need seeks even broader racial, social and economic justice.
How to Introduce Humor Into Your Wellness Program... and Your Approach to Life Don't let the language of health care get you down!  Find out what's behind the words. Their roots speak directly to you about how you think about your body -- while putting a smile on your face.
Student Motivation Why aren't more students motivated and why haven't we figured out how to get them motivated? The problem with motivation is not necessarily an issue with students or even with teachers as some might think.
Failure to Launch We are well aware of the critiques of higher education, and with the cost of college rising faster than health care, it should come as no surprise parents and taxpayers feel they are not getting their money's worth.
Reflections of an Octogenarian The year was 1965. It was a warm fall day, and I was driving Paul Goodman, the noted thinker and prominent social theorist to his hotel.  He was to be a guest speaker at a program I had created for area high school students to dialogue with prominent writers, artists, and politicians.
When Students Won't Read Not only do students not read much, some actually express an active hostility towards reading. But being able to read is half the benefit of being human.  As far as I am concerned, if I couldn't read, I'd just as soon be running around the Serengeti with the hyenas and wildebeest.
Do Millennials Have Good Money Habits? Bank of America recently teamed up with USA Today to gain deeper insights on millennials' financial habits and attitudes about money.
An Homage to 'Teachers' Teaching is an art form all of its own. It's not easy to teach. Not only because teachers are never paid enough in our culture (or others), but because it takes patience and understanding and preparation and methodology.
Free Speech on Campus Of course, the ideas of different members of the University community will often and quite naturally conflict. But it is not the proper role of the University to attempt to shield individuals from ideas and opinions they find unwelcome, disagreeable, or even deeply offensive.
Edtech Investment Is at Record Levels -- Where Is All the Money Going? US educational technology companies raised a total of $1.36 billion in 2014, according to a recent report. But very little of that technology is likely to end up in the K-12 classroom as part of the teaching-learning process that education is supposed to be about. Why is this, should we worry, and can we do anything to change it?
10 Things I Learned As a New Adjunct Teacher This semester I taught two college composition classes at a community college. I started with 23 students in one class and 24 students in the other. Halfway into the semester, 7 students out of 47 just stopped coming to class. But that's just the data I collected. Here is what I learned...
Sense and Sensibility Unless lawmakers can be made to understand the critical role these and other educational professionals play in contributing to schools in which we can all be confident and proud, then many of these positions will remain in jeopardy to the detriment of the students and communities they serve.
Teaching the Bible as Literature in Public High School (Part 10) \u2013 The Noble Lie These are questions that go to the heart of what it means to be human in this or in any century. The Bible keeps these questions alive, not so much by the answers it gives as by the many questions it provokes in the reader, questions which are rarely if ever raised in our modern world.
The Global Search for Education Everybody was blogging in 2014, and especially teachers.  We asked The Global Search for Education editorial team and our blogging advisors to submit their favorite teacher blogs and blog posts from around the world.
6 Things That Barack Obama Did for P-20 Education in 2014 Given the nature and sheer number of challenges, his administration has done a great deal to foster positive change and progress. In a bid to build upon his already stellar record on education Obama implemented a number of education reform initiatives in 2014.
6 Biggest Wins for Education in 2014 2014 was a good year for P-20 education and we experienced some great wins and made huge strides. Let's look back at just a few of these accomplishments.
Better Learning Through Expensive Software The goal of school isn't to do well on a test. Doing school should never be for the purpose of more school. The goal of school is to create moral citizens that will fall in love with learning.
Reflections of an Octogenarian The late '60s and '70s featured a blossoming of educational reform and a progressive vision. Most of these efforts, however, were not taken seriously and were prematurely aborted -- succeeded by a wave of counter-reaction. They have also been banished from recent memory.
Around the World in 30 Days - December 2014 In December, I continued my conversations with world leaders on the frontiers of education reform. These leaders all share a commitment to transforming education at the ground level, so that the poorest and most disadvantaged schools can become sites for development.
Schools Need to Prioritize Addressing Obesity in 2015 By the sheer nature of how much time students spend in school, educators are the main people who can assist parents with that goal. More opportunities to exercise and have a healthy diet at school will be the most effective methods for eliminating obesity as we know it.
The Leader in You 
Don't Let the FAFSA Ruin Your Holiday Cheer According to a recent analysis by Mark Kantrowitz, Senior Vice President at Edvisors Network and author of \Filing the FAFSA,\ roughly 2 million students who could have qualified for need-based Federal Pell Grants in the 2011-12 academic year never filed.
Resolved to Teach More Through Writing Writing more, being more fully present, watching for opportunities to learn, and to teach. This first blog post at this new site is a first step. This seems like enough for one birthday. But there is so much more.
Teaching the Bible as Literature in Public High School (Part 9) Aphorisms are an excellent way of encouraging critical and creative responses when teaching about the Bible. These quotations offer thoughtful reflections by world authors on a broad range of religious questions.
How the \Billionaire Boys Club\ Shaped Education in 2014 In today's educational landscape there are a lot of players vying for influence over the future of America's P-20 educational system. Of these players, none have been as influential as the \Billionaire Boys Club.\
More Than a Glorified Teacher's Aide We also are doing a far better job at staffing our schools with the special education personnel that can oversee the progress of these students and offer appropriate advice and support for teachers and parents.
Mindfulness for Educators 
Twitter's Unexpected Benefits Twitter and other social media tools aren't always celebrated as meaningful message delivery tools, but Twitter is one of my best technological friends.
Millennials Are Tolerant, Educated, Enterprising, and Hyphenated 
An Obituary for an Unattained Education Goal Let 2014 slip away, with that noble but unattained goal. In 2015, let us use experience and research to find a better way to improve the schools. Students, educators, parents, and the country as a whole deserve better.
5 Tips for Managing Credit and Boosting Your Score Credit is complicated. For many, understanding how a credit score is calculated and what the number actually means is often a mystery.
Mindful Final Exams? In the context of the \Mindfulness Revolution\, mindfulness has been introduced to many college and university campuses as an element of classroom activities, student clubs, and offerings from wellness centers.
Our Fight for Justice Change takes time. But what sets our nation apart is that, even in our darkest hours, we strive to make things better. During this week's winter solstice, we celebrate the holiday season with light as a symbol of hope.
The Global Search for Education In 2003, the provincial government of Ontario, Canada initiated a focus on educational improvement as one of its key strategies for the future success of its people and its economy. Since then, the entire system has dramatically improved.
3 Tips for A Happy Financial New Year 'Tis the season for colder weather, family get-togethers, and -- let's not forget -- the highest credit-card spending Americans will undertake over the course of the year.
Deferred? 5 Powerful Tips to Getting Accepted at Your Top Choice School There are things you can do right now, both to increase your chances of acceptance at your top choice school, and to strengthen your regular decision applications.
5 Options Allow GenDIY to Rethink College Finish high school, go to college, graduate four or five years later and go to work--only it doesn't work that way very often for Millennials. High rates of young adult unemployment, expensive degrees, and challenging life circumstances are causing many young people to rethink college.
Top 10 Education Trends to Watch in 2015 and Beyond The winds of education change were gusty in 2014
Educating for the Future And, bottom line, a large cohort of Mandarin speakers will contribute to our national security, helping guide U.S.-Chinese relations away from the confrontational and toward the cooperative.
The Healthy Food Transition Include students in decision-making. Encourage them to question food production and supply systems, and to envision solutions. Challenge them -- and just as importantly, invite them to challenge you -- to think in new and forward-looking ways.
Dispatch From D.C. As I listened to the president speak, it struck me just how important this day was for our children. This will be a day I look back to as a pivotal moment for early education.
Better Together While all good schools work to meet the needs of every child, it can seem as if demanding \squeaky-wheel\ parents get more attention than those who quietly try to follow school protocol. Yet how much of our protocol is explicit? Who helps parents learn what's appropriate?
The Graduation Brouhaha -- The Story Behind the Ritual The culmination of the schooling process from educational comics.
What Can Mentoring Organizations Learn From Each Other? What Data Is Missing? We were just able to pull high level metrics such as increased interest in STEM, overall reach, contact hours etc. They are a step forward, but there is so much more data that we can gather to draw a more nuanced picture that will be helpful for the field.
The Reason I Loved English Class Is the Reason My Students Hate It I currently teach Math. But I don't have a single student who likes their English class, and it makes me wonder why. I loved it because I happened to be an obnoxious little linguaphile. The way English classes are (often) run would surely turn off any kid who isn't one.
Educational Testing for What Purpose? What's Really Material Our quick review of the testing mania continues.
MakeSchool Co-Founder Ashu Desai Talks about, \The Computer Science Degree of the Future\ MakeSchool, which was originally named MakeGamesWithUs, was born after Ashu Desai and Jeremy Rossmann decided that they needed to fix the educational gap in CS education.
The Choreography of My Dreams 
The Global Search for Education 
PARCC Is Down to DC Plus Ten States, and Louisiana Isn't One of Them Louisiana State Superintendent John White insists that Louisiana students in grades 3 through 8 will take the Partnership for Assessment of College and Careers (PARCC) assessments in the spring of 2015.
Promoting Meaningful Education 
Testing 
Mr. Mayor, It's Time to Take Racism Out of the Equation Instead of changing an admissions policy that rewards hard work and preparation to a process that is subjective and that could be manipulated, how about putting systems in place to get kids ready? Provide test prep to those who don't have access. Share information with families early.
Broken Systems Created #Ferguson. Educating People Can Help Fix It. How do we fulfill our responsibility to this generation of children so that they can realize sooner than I did that our systems are broken and that it is everyone's responsibility to fix them?
Debunking the Myths About Boys and Emotions Yet scientists are discovering that what society says about men's (and boys') social and emotional abilities is simply not true, and that cultivating their natural capacity for emotional attunement and relationships is critical to their overall well-being. But we need to start when they're young.
Perception or Reality? What's Happening in Our Schools When I was young, all aspects of the school day were learning experiences.  Mistakes happened and I learned right from wrong, success from failure. Parents regularly are forgetting this simple process of the educational day.
Stop Lying to Yourself! OK. Today, I want to talk to you about lying to yourself. We all do it. And a lot of us lie to ourselves because without realizing it, we can't face the truth, and it's easier to craft a story, to craft a lie.
In Room 201, It Takes Two to Tango \What's your job?\ I ask my third grade students.  \To learn!\ they exclaim enthusiastically.  \And what's my job?\ I follow up.  \To teach us!\ they reply, matter-of-factly.
Globalization of Knowledge via the Internet We have come far in our quest for education. The journey of knowledge and exploration is quite fascinating and deeply speaks about the interconnectedness and the interdependence of the world.
Around the World in 30 Days  --  November 2014 In November, I continued my conversations with world leaders on the frontiers of education reform. Each of this month's leaders dealt with situations that seemed unmanageable
The Case Against Business School Business school may be the right decision for any one individual, but I find it increasingly hard to see why the real leaders of the future will continue to choose this path. An MBA is a form of insurance; a highly-conservative move to hedge against risk.
With a Conscience This is why we have so much to grateful for in our modern world.  Because so many asked \Why,\ so many were willing to make sacrifices because they found and understood the answers.
Bleak Friday Political economist Gordon Lafer offers some \Bleak Friday\ predictions about the corporate agenda for public education.
Thank a Teacher Thursday They also inspire legions of future non-scientists -- bankers and writers and ballerinas -- to embrace the joy of discovery, to grasp how science works and understand how to ask critical questions and evaluate evidence.
The Return to Basics in Education. Did We Ever Leave? This is the sixth column from that second book. Enjoy! Feel free to share your thoughts. Feedback and Pushback are encouraged.
Teaching the Bible as Literature in Public High School (Part 3) Everybody should know these stories because they're so much a part of our culture. You have to know what they're about to be culturally literate, and you have to admit that you really can understand why people think and behave as they do from what we've been reading and discussing for the past several weeks.
The Global Search for Education Pakistan is not only looking up, with more students completing education programs, but is also showing its own leadership, and thus growing independently from external aid.
Gap Years 
6 Trends Improving K-12 Learning Experiences The K-12 classroom is continually evolving in order to adapt to the times. It's important that teachers keep up-to-date with the latest helpful technology for their students and that parents understand the ramifications of that technology, too.
There Can Be No Successful All-Charter School System The bottom line is that New Jersey charters do not serve the same population as the districts that house them. Specifically, they serve a smaller percentage of poor students and students with extra learning challenges.
If Life Is a Game, What Are the Rules? The students who make up the poverty and homeless statistics that some suburbanites look at dispassionately, shaking their heads while proclaiming, \Not in America!\ -- these kids want to succeed.
What to Do if it Feels Like You Are Running Out of Time on Your SAT/ACT Test Prep Well, it's official. With Daylight Savings Time behind us and the Winter Solstice approaching, the days are starting to feel shorter. Much shorter.
Blended Learning As a blended learning pioneer and enthusiast, I'm here to tell you technology, on its own, is no cure. More and more, blended learning has become a misused buzzword in education circles.
Degrees Not Debt How do you tell a promising student with the heart and mind to be a fantastic teacher that she can't afford to join us in the world's best profession?
Teach Kids About Africa as if Our Lives Depend Upon It -- and Maybe They Do On top of the shear panic unleashed by the spread of the Ebola virus from West Africa, an astonishing amount of ignorance has reared its ugly head. As some have commented, this ignorance may be more dangerous to millions of people than the actual virus.
Neuroscience Improves Early Childhood Education Quality Who doesn't want the education and care for young children to be high quality? Parents look for it, advocates fight for it, policy makers debate it. But just what is it?
The Promise of Career and Technical Education Policymakers, business, labor and community can come together to make CTE a thriving component of our 21st-century education system -- and with it, an engine that helps more young people have access to good jobs and the American dream.
By Trying to Reduce Class Sizes, We're Solving the Wrong Problem Are smaller class sizes the key to breathing new life into today's public schools, or a misguided effort to solve the problems of a dying era? I am surprised to say I have come to believe it's the latter.
What We Feed Students -- But Also How We Feed Them Gone are the days of President Reagan's ketchup as a vegetable. And it is about time the feds try to do something to combat childhood obesity and promote healthy eating habits. Problem is, a lot of students aren't eating any of it.
How to Write 50,000 Words in a Month The secret to the success of the Writing Retreat, I believe, was that we created a place for our writers to work alone, together.
Making School Reform a True Civil Rights Movement 
Why I Wrote a Novel About Tenure We teachers find ourselves under the jurisdiction of the state education department.  Do I think these guys are evil people?  No, I do not.  I just think that they are not as highly qualified as the teachers when it comes to reaching and teaching kids.
Literacy for All, Yes! The New Literacy The more we ask of children, the more they can do; the higher the standards we set for those who teach children, the farther they will reach.
What Veterans Have Taught Me About Teaching Just as much as students need concrete academic help, they need us to notice their drive and their struggle. We can do this by making sure that we acknowledge the work they're putting into the class, whether it's showing up in their grades or not.
Parenting Debate 
Is Recess Still on the SATs? As a society, I wish we would do more to celebrate the boring stuff. The boring stuff is important. Math is important. History is important. English is important.
Good but Not Good Enough The Obama White House has proposed that high-quality pre-school be extended to every child in America and has been convening meetings around the country with a broad group of stakeholders dedicated to his early learning agenda.
Do Grades Really Reflect Rigor? Just the opposite is true. Flip the question and consider the many ways grades fail the learning process. Grades tend to inhibit curiosity by encouraging students to do only what is required to earn an A.
States Should Be Giving You Useful Data About Your Children's Schools While report card day is a moment of truth for students, when is the time for states to pony up accurate information about how they're doing to parents? The answer in too many states is not often enough.
Technology Is Bringing Back the Apprenticeship Model. It Just Has a Different Name - Mentoring While most mentoring organizations share these learning environment characteristics, we have profiled at least one for each to provide an example of how this framework is being currently practiced in the field.
Kids First! Be a #KidVoter We know that early education creates a foundation. We know exposure to words, language and literacy provides a ladder to boost children with extra challenges to the starting line in kindergarten.
Where All the Teachers Are Above Aveage Unless we rethink administrative and teacher tenure, it will be difficult to accurately measure teacher or school accountability. Here are some suggestions for a better way forward.
Can We Learn to Get Along? There is a solid base of evidence that we can draw on to support educational practices that can teach students to get along, to accept and even embrace those who are different to them.
A Mile in Nana's Shoes I slide out of bed around 5:25 a.m., the sun still preparing for a long day in the sky. It's pitch-black, except for the faint light at the end of the corridor, which leads upstairs to Nana's house. This illumination is my sunrise every morning. As my foot touches the cold tiled floor, I arrive at my early morning sanctuary.
Separation of Church and State -- Part 2 There was a second reason why the Founders feared that bringing religion into politics would have a divisive effect on our young nation -- the rise of political and religious opportunists, who would inflame political issues to further themselves.
Let's Talk About Teacher Retention, Not Tenure Everything -- everything -- tells us that if our goal really is to put a great teacher in every classroom, reformsters, educational thought leaders, and rich unelected amateurs who somehow get to set education policy are going about it exactly backwards. The attacks on tenure are literally the exact opposite of what is needed.
The War on Teacher Tenure We need to make teachers feel respected and trusted. Articles like the recent Time Magazine cover story do just the opposite. It is an attack on the profession as a whole and thus makes all teachers defensive, which does not lead to the kind of education we want in our schools.
Around the World in 30 Days -- October 2014 A common thread connects these thought leaders, which is a commitment to using innovative, hands-on methods to solve the problems of inadequate education programs.
3 Things You Should Know About Learning Disabilities Many people associate learning disabilities with low intelligence, laziness, lack of success, and not being able to learn. Sadly, the people who make these associations include the very children and adults that have been diagnosed with a learning disability.
A Futurist Prediction for Virtual Education As schools are starting to take seriously the concept of virtual class days during those blizzards and other days off of school, I believe they will need a more modern version of accountability.
Kids in Montana Unique Missoula County Montana isn't just teaching every kid in the school department the truth about native populations, their culture and their tragic history. It's keeping track of each and every tribe represented in the classroom.
The Power of Partnerships in Early Education California's momentum on early learning was in the spotlight this week, when the White House came to town for \Children
Bullies in the Classroom We probably all have memories of our favorite teachers, the ones who inspired us and still make us smile years later. And then there are the ones who are like Grendel at the banqueting hall in Beowulf, casting a long shadow.
Saudi Women Leaders Reshape Early Education Education today clearly ranks as a top priority for Saudi Arabia. Early childhood education has also received government support and mainstream attention in recent years, due in part to two Saudi visionaries. Ilham Al-Dakheel and Samia Kazi have been a powerful force in helping to gain recognition of the importance of early education.
Bystander Intervention and Double Standards of Sexual Assault During Hazing Understanding the importance of bystander intervention and how to make a positive impact using it is a skill set that is needed in every school. These alleged incidents are proof that a conversation and education about bystander intervention is needed in every school and every home in our country.
Addressing the Student Debt Crisis Colleges and universities need to take the lead on this, and while there are some government restrictions on what we can do, there are some relatively simple things we can do that can make a real difference. The Responsible Borrowing Initiative at WGU is a case in point.
My Kind of Brain 
A Tree Without Roots There is no question of the cancerous effects of groups like PennCAN and the Commonwealth Foundation. It may be years before we know the full range of the damage they have inflicted on our children and schools or how long it will take to repair that damage. One thing, however, is clear
Talk, Read and Sing to Kids to Close the Word Gap With a boost from Hillary Clinton last weekend in San Diego, the American Academy of Pediatricians launched the next phase of its campaign to help close the \word gap\ between children in high- and low-income families.
The Compelling Need to Improve the Higher Education Value Equation In the middle 90's, \value\ was the hot new word and every business was trying to improve its value equation -- which we operationally define as \outcomes divided by cost.\
The Case for Mandatory J-101 The tragedy is that people no longer know how to distinguish solid reporting from speculation, from regurgitation or, frankly, from just plain drivel.
New Orleans Charter Operator Bails; Surplus Laptops Sold Bearing Student Data We have yet another example of the problems introduced by \charter churn\
Why Performance Incentives And Public Schools Don't Mix Performance incentives for public service always -- always -- involve substituting the values of the few for the values of everybody. Imagine if, for instance, we paid fire fighters on sliding scale, based on how many of which type fires they put out at a certain speed.
Study Shows How Screen Time Can Improve Your Toddler's Reading Comprehension As an educational app reviewer with a four-year-old who was born a month before the debut of the iPad, I can verify that Learn with Homer is among the best apps available that teaches foundational reading.
What Matters More Than Test Scores We should stop obsessing about test scores and start obsessing about the health and well-being of children and their families. The gains would be far more valuable than a few points on a standardized test.
Autism and Literacy We will know that we have succeeded when the headlines about non-verbal children achieving literacy stop because it is no longer news and all children on the spectrum have mastered this vital skill.
\With Liberty and Justice and High Speed Internet Access for All\ I have seen schools throughout the country where the excitement of learning is palpable and students utilize technology and internet access as an integral component in their daily learning.
Mindful Mantras for Teachers A simple way for teachers to bring mindfulness to the act of teaching is to recite a mantra -- a short phrase that helps us on those days when our classroom feels more like Lord of the Flies than Dead Poets Society.
Engaging Girls in Your STEM Program Even programs with the best intentions sometimes have difficulty attracting girls to STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math). Here are some tips and tricks for balancing the gender gap for your event:
America's Crusade Against Its Public School Children A specter is haunting America - the privatization of its public schools, and Big Money has entered into an unholy alliance to aid and abet it. Multi-billionaire philanthropists and others are making common cause to hasten the destruction of public schools.
Where's the Science in Science Education? STEM is indeed critical for American economic competitiveness and progress. So naturally you'd expect that STEM subjects would be among the best researched of all, right?
Redskins, Revenge, Censorship Neshaminy High School officials have been locked for a year now in an uproariously abhorrent battle royale of their own making with the school's student newspaper. Why? Because staffers decided they would no longer print the name of the school's mascot.
Education Reform and Evidence Public policy for public education is destroying it. Wholesale. That's the only conclusion I can draw from screening \Rise Above the Mark,\ a new documentary designed to spark a much-needed conversation about what is happening to public education.
Focusing on Closing the Gender Gap in School Shootings We need to find out how to prevent every school shooting, but focusing on the overwhelming male incidence of these tragic events may be helpful.
At What Age Can You Teach a Global Mindset? You can't just take your kid on a vacation to Spain and consider your work done, nor can you sign up for a language course during sophomore year of college and check \global mindset\ off your to-do list. Developing a global mindset should begin before birth and continue for a lifetime.
You Must Learn We must listen to all students, regardless of what they look like, their ethnicity, or their sociocultural backgrounds. They remind us of why we are lifelong learners. Meaningful dissent can be the foundation for meaningful change. If we want problem solvers in our society, then we must let all students consider (openly) when things are and are not working.
What's Wrong With Denigrating Girls and Women in Schools? Sexism, gender-based double standards, and male entitlement are so normalized that girls think sexual assault and violence are just a \part of life\ that they have to live with.  Not to put too fine a point on it, but this is seriously f***ed up.
Donors Matter The \political lens\ reminds us that certain claims deserve a larger dose of skepticism than others. The agendas behind a movement are especially important to consider when we lack in-depth knowledge of a particular issue.
NCEE's Marc Tucker Marc Tucker, president and chief executive of the National Center on Education and the Economy, recently unveiled a proposed accountability plan for public schools that includes significantly reducing the number of tests students take, and building extensive professional development time for teachers into every school day.
Common Core Common Core has a brand problem. Two separate national surveys demonstrate rapidly declining support for the Common Core State Standards initiative.
The Constitution Isn't Just for Grown Ups What if the negligent teachers described in the Vergara were granted tenure at 26 like me? How many children did they let down, how many families did they disappoint, how many futures did they stymie, how many lives did they hurt? What if they were my children's teachers?
Why Teachers Weren't Invited to the Table This month has been declared New Conversation Month by reformsters. Teachers are being offered (in vaguely non-specific ways) some sort of seats at various tables. Unfortunately, this largesse underlines just how much teachers have not been included in conversations about public education.
Sanitizing History in the Name of Patriotism Conservative politicians across the country have spent much of the past few years attempting to remake public education in their image. This idea of presenting the U.S. as infallible has long been a conservative talking point but the reality is that patriotism is just conservative code for political correctness.
How Social-Emotional Learning Transforms Classrooms Research clearly demonstrates that integrating social-emotional learning (SEL) into the classroom is good for both students and the adults who work with them. But there's a story that the research hasn't captured -- the one of powerful transformation.
California's Early Learning Momentum Goes on We must continue to raise quality in order to provide children with the kind of early experiences that are proven to boost high school graduation, increase college enrollment and completion, reduce crime and prepare a skilled workforce for the 21st century.
Why We Should Care About Boys and Young Men of Color My Brother's Keeper is not simply an effort to improve the condition for racial and ethnic minority communities, it is an endeavor of considerable national consequence with a capacity to improve all communities, for all of us.
Shakira and Massachusetts Mayor Agree This new way of looking at ELL students, as untapped assets rather than a drain on resources, may help us reform a system in desperate need of new solutions.
The True Story of Public Education in America Instead of starving our schools of critical funding and pushing market-based, test-driven policies that ultimately fail our kids, we should be relying on evidence and input from those closest to the classroom to find solutions that work.
The Global Search for Education Investment in technology is on the increase. Some continue to claim it hurts the classroom. Others are more convinced it is transforming the classroom in a positive way. However, most now believe the goal must be about transforming the learning process.
School Interviews -- Averting Disaster The truth is that the teachers who are working with your children come with a wealth of experience. In addition, kid's personalities and true characters tend to come out in these interviews.
Making the Humanities Relevant A school's first priority should be to teach students to think for themselves. Everything else is an educational frill!
News For High Schools This year, for the first time, American high school students show a greater overall appreciation for the First Amendment than do adults.
Don't Bother With Yale Kids lose their childhoods to appease the college admissions Gods (and their parents), endure record rates of depression and anxiety, and arrive on campus stripped of curiosity or self-knowledge. They excel at following orders, hence they are \excellent sheep.\
16 Reasons Why I Love to Teach Creative Writing I felt intensely grateful that I'd had a writing mentor in college who had modeled dedicated, patient, relaxed, non-bullying work with students. Not changing what your students write but doing your best to bring it into fuller bloom.  That's not easy.
Lies My Corporate Ed Reformers Told Me When so called \reformers\ like Campbell Brown try to make the case that tenure extends teachers an unfair guarantee of employment unlike other public servants, she is more than stretching the truth.
Experts Though the rating system due out in the fall is widely viewed as a preliminary effort, onlookers worry its accountability provisions lack the data to evaluate schools accurately.
Letter to Jenny Unfortunately, it is too late for Jenny. I hope it's not too late for someone else who happens to read this letter. I don't want to lose another child, friend, family member or stranger to the pain of hopelessness.
Options are Endless for Students Seeking to Design Video Games To help students interested in a career in game design get started, the Entertainment Software Association releases a state-by-state list of video game programs in higher education.
Why California Has to Enter the 21st Century With Its Standards California has long been a leader in education. It's time for its standards to catch up to its reputation.
How We Do It I may not be skilled enough to set a broken leg or brave enough carry a person from a burning building, but I, like my colleagues, can work to inspire a teenager to believe in his own potential, to see that her future depends on hard work and perseverance, to teach them the math they will need in high school and beyond.
Kids Are In School for About 15,000 Hours - Does How They Spend That Time Make a Difference? 
Education for the World We Want (part 2) The lack of motivation to learn often results in low performance, poor self-esteem and disruptive behavior. As self-image decreases, the desire to constructively contribute to society declines creating a downward spiral.
A Good Start for Schools and Students It's no surprise that too many students start each school year without the supplies they need, or walk into classrooms that don't have the resources required for a productive year.
Arts Integration Works Says Portland's \Right Brain Initiative\ RBI was launched in 2008 by a unique collaboration of artists, art and cultural organizations, school districts, governments, businesses and donors who believed in the concept of \arts integration.\
What Teachers Really Do, Really The Education in America series for HuffPost Live discusses what truly defines an amazing teacher and what challenges teachers are facing in the present-day.
Coached and Now Coaching 
The Most Powerful Renewable Resource -- Citizen Power Recruiting 250,000 Americans into full-time service, with a majority laboring in schools, can be the heart of a massively scaled \second shift\ in education and can in turn recruit, train and support citizen change makers.
Why I Left Academia The lack of women and minorities in philosophy may be an anomaly in the academy, especially among the humanities, but it is not an accident.
The Wal-Mart-ization of Education If the Walton family is truly interested in helping every child achieve a high-quality education, they could begin by committing to pay their own workers a decent wage instead of spending their billions to wipe out our nation's public school system.
Exercising Restraint in Schools The controversy surrounding the use of physical restraints and seclusion rooms in schools has exploded and resonated across the country from Hawaii to Massachusetts.
Why I Taught My Class About Ferguson Each time I gathered materials to teach these 'controversial' units, there was always a fleeting voice in my head that questioned if these were topics my sophomores and juniors could handle, but within minutes I pushed those thoughts to the side and decided that for the benefit of my students.
Education and Philanthropy Given that not much got accomplished in Newark I'm a touch puzzled that Mark Zuckerberg is now doubling down and giving $120 million to Bay Area schools.
Michelle Rhee and the High Price of Education Leadership 
The Global Search for Education How do you they lead their people well and subsequently bring about change on a global scale?  Andy Hargreaves, Alan Boyle and Alma Harris conducted an extensive seven-year global research study that focused on fifteen high-performing organizations in business, sports and education to find out the answers to these questions.
3 Ways To Build Students' Analog Skills In The Era Of The Emoticon If we think about computers not as instruments for solitary learning, but as collaborative tools that enable students to interact with others with whom they otherwise wouldn't have had the opportunity to connect, we stretch education in ways that have never been seen.
Beyond the Bell Every year, thousands of people across America embark on an incredible journey. They are a variety of people -- from young to old, recent college graduates to retirees, lawyers to medical professionals from all backgrounds and from states across the country.
Back to School With Heart It is time to be going back to school with more than brand new backpacks filled with school supplies.  Here's to the 2014-15 school year kick-off with vigilant attention to EVERY aspect of our children's health and development!
Teaching as a Subversive Activity One way to reverse the trend of the corporatization of our schools, the \yield returns\ mentality, is to re-imagine a new future in the \subversive\ classroom.
Thinking at Harvard The future of learning should be such that it gives greater flexibility to the learner, confidence that the self can learn anything, basic idea clarity on complex thoughts and processes and awareness about the world at large and tolerance.
Arne Duncan Declares Victory in War on Schools and Teachers I found three of Duncan's statements particularly ironic. He wrote about his continuing commitment to a \spirit of flexibility,\ flexibility that is completely lacking in Race to the Top mandates.
A Teacher's Plea to President Obama 
Putting the Oxygen Back into Improving Education In the time remaining for his administration, Secretary Duncan can still make his place in history by rebalancing the educational reform initiatives in favor of providing more constructive supports for teachers.
Engaging Those Kids in Writing Teaching writing has been a challenge for teachers for years.   That is one of the reasons why many adults are poor writers; they did not get the training they needed in elementary school and high school.
Jim Jeffords The best thank you we could give Senator Jeffords would be to continue working until we reach the day when every child has access to a high-quality after school program.
Racist Bullying Needs to Stop Kids are expelled for drugs or carrying knives. They are given detention when they swear or wear the wrong shoes. So why is racist bullying not taken as seriously? Why do many teachers close their eyes to name calling and \small\ scuffles?
Year-Round Schooling The pressure to have high-performing students is the bane of every teacher's existence and research shows that too much time off from the school routine can actually undo the hard work teachers put in to their students.
Tony Wagner's The Global Achievement Gap Is More Relevant Than Ever We have always had plenty of soul-killing, drill and kill instruction. In the past, however, it was seen as education malpractice. Now, it is imposed in the name of \reform.\
Duncan Funnels Millions To College Board What do low-income students get out of this? A chance to take an AP test. Not, mind you, more resources to get ready for it, nor do they get help with actually going to a college after taking the test (which may or may not give them any help once they get in).
Recruiting Late-Career Professionals to Teaching 
The Ultimate Demise of Common Core - Part III When it comes to education, there seems to be a competing theory that differences should be dismissed in favor of finding a standardized way to teach all K-12 students.
Creating a Learning Environment With MOOCs The question, in the end, is not whether or not MOOCs are effective teaching tools, but whether or not they can contribute to learning. While this may seem like a minor distinction, it places the responsibility on the learner and the learning context, not on the MOOC.
Being Thrown and Getting Back Up I felt like I was at a funeral, not in English, my favorite subject.  Laughing faces turned into frowns. It took forever for her to reach me, returning a 72 on a piece about Who's Afraid of Post Blackness? This grade threw me as hard as my horse Braun had thrown me out of my tack.
Our Students. Their Moment. My A**! The bureaucrats charged with implementing the Common Core dodge the flak from right and left, pointing out that the Common Core is a set of common standards, not a prescribed curriculum.   This defense, while limitedly accurate, is irrelevant. The problem with the Common Core is that it drives bad education.
A Dozen (or so) Ways to Tame the Back-to-School Freak Out When I finally realized that the temporary insanity I was experiencing in my clients was actually full out anxiety, I took a look at all the habits, actions and tools I used as a child and even now as a parent coach and mother, to tame the Back-to-School Freak Out.
Dolly Parton. Really. So you say you'd like a cheerful education story for a change. Fine. Let's talk about Dolly Parton. Really.
Family Engagement With the start of the school year just around the corner, now is an excellent time for all of us to renew our commitment to ensuring all children succeed. So what should be at the top of to-do lists as children head back to school?
Investing in Student Outcomes 
U-Lab Summing up the problem
The Ultimate Demise of Common Core - Part I There isn't anything in recent educational history that has caused more of a stir than the implementation of national Common Core standards in most states. It seems that everyone from politicians to parents has an opinion.
The Global Search for Education Jiang Xueqin believes that the very best American institutions of learning have \a culture and tradition of openness, diversity, and risk-taking that China must emulate if China is to progress as a society and as a culture.\
Coming to Terms About Mentorship Often times what is failed to mention about mentorship is that it is difficult to develop that relationship.  That relationship is so difficult to develop because it can be seen as a one-way street.
How Colleges Can Produce More Career-Ready Grads 
Why We Should Not Copy South Korea We have heard again and again that we are losing \the global competition\ to nations like South Korea where students and parents take tests very seriously. But are test scores worth it?
Computer Science in K-12 Classrooms Needs to Catch Up It's estimated that in the next decade the number of computer science jobs in the U.S. will outnumber qualified people by 1 million. That's 1 million jobs for the taking that Americans will miss out on because of inadequate skill sets.
Grading Race to the Top on Its Merits Although it is not the silver bullet that many believed it would be, Race to the Top is definitely a step in the right direction when it comes to education policy reform.
An Education Revolution in One Word 
Voices From the Virtual Street Public education, in my opinion, is one of the greatest gifts to our youth -- but only if this gift is given to them with their unique emotional, mental, and developmental needs in mind.
Do You Really Know What the Common Core Is? Having written curricula and lesson plans geared to the high school level Common Core Standards, I just don't see what all the hub bub's about.
Transformation Through Listening These keys to developing \personal intelligence\ are experienced while \masterfully\ listening to another person. The masterful listener is quiet inside, totally receptive and connects with their heart to the person who is speaking.
The Power Behind a Gesture Alberto was a remarkable human being who will be missed by all who embraced his commitment to change the world.
The Vergara Era, Part 2 Whether you agree or disagree with the court ruling, we all have an opportunity to look beyond the past or the present and to shape the future policies that will elevate our profession and the kind of education we offer our students.
The Importance of Being Bold The question on everyone's lips was \How did you get Michelle Obama to visit your program?\ The answer is simple
The Global Search for Education New Zealand has one of the most devolved school systems in the Western world.  If, for example, a school in New Zealand is failing, the final say on all things resides with the school community.
3 Things High School Students Should Know About College As the stakes rise regarding the necessity of a high school diploma for lifelong success, so do the standards to earn one. High school graduates today must know more than the generations that came before them.
A Career Path for Every Great Teacher 
Playful Learning and Rigorous Assessment 
Is Paris Burning? It's well past time for President Hollande to issue a strong response to this incident and others like it. If he does not, it will send a clear message that tolerating or even spreading hatred is acceptable in France.
Educational Reform It is time for education to include the skills which for too long have been left to random chance. The potential of heart intelligence deserves our attention and integration into our ideas about what is education.
Dropping the Needle Is this an era of disruption? There can be little doubt that the constant barrage of infotainment influences how we perceive personal and societal circumstances. Do we have time to reflect on what we are learning from our families, our colleagues, our students and our research?
Mr. Minkel Goes to the White House There should have been a conversation about what it means to educate all parts of a child, from the head to the heart, to the physical body.  What can we do to start helping all children to develop ALL parts of themselves?
A Teacher's Unlikely Crush (on an eReader) You know when you fall in love, that feeling that you want to tell everyone you know about it? That's me right now. I'm in love with an eReader.
Educational Tech Following the successful mobile gaming application business model, ed-tech companies are starting to offer free services with paid upcharges. Consider Candy Crush Saga a way of doing business.
Tuning in to Teachers Why would 3,500 people go to sun- and fun-filled Los Angeles and opt to spend the bulk of their time inside a cavernous convention hall? To be heard.
Why I Encourage Failure in STEM Ah! The wonderful sound of clanging medals, young voices cheering, and the slapping of high fives -- it's the sound of students being rewarded for collaborating and utilizing their STEM skills. This sound does not come without a price -- it is the sound that can come after as many successes as failures.
Intelligence Having Fun I don't personally think video games will re-define creativity, but I do believe they can offer a whole new range of opportunities for people, especially those who might be intimidated or unengaged by more traditional pathways, to enjoy the experience of creative and musical expression.
Summer Learning A new report suggests that when it comes to summer enrichment programs, the opportunities that might help slow that academic slide for struggling students are out of reach for many families.
Who Would Replace Arne Duncan? Both national teachers' unions have recently given voice to a popular teacher daydream -- the departure of Arne Duncan from the U.S. Department of Education. But the fantasy of having Duncan go away and be replaced by someone more suitable for the job is a fantasy.
3 Tips for Using Video Interviews to Hire Great Teachers The problem isn't drought, it's a flood. Yet, you know it takes more to excel at your school than just the right credentials. Cultural fit is extremely important for any teacher, whether they're a recent grad or a seasoned pro.
The Vergara Era, Part 1 Whether you agree or disagree with the ruling that found several facets of California's education code in violation of equal protection, court cases like Vergara force us to have pointed conversations about education and justice.
\Is Autism a Disability or a Difference?\ 
Funding Disparity Highlights Inequality Between District, Charter Students Equity should mean real equality for everyone. Most of all, education reform should be aimed at creating an education system that serves all students, and gives everyone a quality education that prepares them for college and a rewarding career.
'Learn French in 10 Years!' Our expectations about learning languages are, quite frankly, odd, and ads like \Learn French (or Spanish, or Galician) in 10 Days\ pander to them. While these ads might help sell language-learning programs, they reinforce false expectations.
The Global Search for Education Education thought leaders around the world speak to the need for more innovative projects like the workshop being done this week at Teacher's College. To find out more, I reached out to the visiting teachers, students and leaders.
Informal Learning Is Taking Over (Infographic) In today's information age, an individual's ability to learn is more critical than ever.  Education is becoming a lifelong pursuit and is following the trend of general media consumption.
Singing in the Snow 
The Untapped Potential of Teacher Networks Network organizations aren't created spontaneously, and many well-intentioned efforts to build teacher networks fall short of developing these characteristics. How can educators move beyond just networking to building strong network organizations?
When It Pays to Think Inside the Box Last summer my granddaughter, Brooke, played in the U.S. Kids Golf World Championship in Pinehurst, North Carolina.
In Order for Our Kids to Keep Learning, We Need to Keep Learning Too How do we act on new information, when our systems and structures have been built on a foundation of incomplete or outdated information? How do we adjust what we've built in order to accommodate what we've learned?
Details of Duncan Equity Equality Plan This aspect of school reform has been lurking around the edges for some time-- the notion that once we find the super-duper teachers, we could somehow shuffle everybody around and put the supery-duperest in front of the neediest students.
50 Years After the Civil Rights Act We're not facing angry mobs and jail time, but I like to think that our work is furthering the hopes and dreams of the brave kids who marched in the streets of Birmingham.
The Elite's Politics Are Squelching Everyone Else's Right to Culture This heist by the rich has finally drawn the attention of the media, academics and politicians. But the fact that their politics is also taking away the non-elite's access to culture has barely drawn notice.
At National Charter Conference, The Numbers Add Up -- Except When They Don't \The numbers add up.\ But what of the lesser numbers -- the ones that are, well, less than prime -- and hence, don't quite add up? Was there anyone who would speak for them?
What Do We Know About the New SAT? There is a perception that we don't yet know much about the redesigned SAT.  This notion persists because the College Board has chosen to release information in a less than straightforward manner, burying hard fact within vague jargon about measures of \college readiness.\
Should We Rewrite American History Books? 
Do Teachers Really Hate Common Core? 
The Hardest Part of Teaching They never tell you in teacher school, and it's rarely discussed elsewhere. It is never, ever portrayed in movies and tv shows about teaching. Teachers rarely bring it up around non-teachers for fear it will make us look weak or inadequate.
The Importance of Process in Achieving Results I would not have been able to sustain and increase my interest for learning and thinking had I been only concentrating on the end result. The \process\ and the \enjoyment of  the process\ is the key to success.
Screen Literacy for the Next Generation In my college classroom I often ask students about their technology habits and, to my surprise, I repeatedly find that this \tech generation\ is not as active as we have come to believe.
Higher Ed Slims Down Higher education in America fails mostly for the same reason people get fat.  It takes a lot of hard work to be successful no matter how you go about it. But there are options.
Happy Birthday America he process of debating and revising Jefferson's declaration continued on July 3 and into the late morning of July 4. In the evening of July 4, 1776, the Second Continental Congress \unanimously\ approved the final wording of the Declaration of Independence.
Job Insecurity Should we -- teachers, that is -- be fighting to maintain job protections for our colleagues whose incompetence is at best negligent and at worst abusive? How about we concede a baseline of quality in each classroom?
What They Didn't Prepare You for After College Students tend to think while in the classroom they are learning everything they need to know to be successful on their job. I have spoken to so many people who have made the statement that you don't actually learn your field until you're actually working in it.
Movie Review If you do not object to another remake of ET with cell phones added and the sets updated, this film is for you.  The audience was made up of children who all applauded at the end so there appeared to be no objection to this similarity.  The acting is so fine that the evening spent watching Earth to Echo will be enjoyable for all ages.
Doing vs. Thinking PhD graduates come in different shapes and sizes; those passionate about an academic career, and those that are not. As it becomes clear that an academic career is not the ultimate goal - panic, dread and feelings of lack of accomplishment may start to reign.
A MOOC By Any Other Name MOOCS are forcing us to think about online education, which is already  here and here to stay. Call them MOOCS, called them distant learning initiatives, call them blended learning courses... the revolution has begun.
Who Pays for Our Kids' Education? We are a well-educated society, so how did we get ourselves into this cycle of putting this financial burden and stress on the teachers who we entrust with our kids every day?
Why Grammar Is Important 
Missing the Full Picture of Voters Attitudes on Public Education The ongoing discourse before, during and after the Vergara trial decision has tried to blame teachers and further the idea that current policies keep ineffective teachers in low-performing school districts and perpetuate unequal outcomes. Our research suggests voters do not agree with this causality.
Saturday Mornings Like Poetry 
Positively Deviant School Reform? If you had six months, little to no resources, and a clear mandate to solve a chronic country-wide problem -- what would you do? As someone who cares deeply about American public education, I believe a certain approach could yield great returns.
The Global Search for Education 
Two Public Policies That Transformed Our Nation On Sunday, June 22, we will commemorate the 70th anniversary of the G.I. Bill becoming the law of the land.  Innumerable individuals have benefitted from this far-sighted policy, signed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
New Video Questions False Promises of Online Education Industry 
Yes, Virginia, There Are Bad Teachers \So I guess you just deny that there are any bad teachers at all.\ This is a popular retort to various forms of \Your system for evaluating teachers is a lousy system.\ It is a dumb retort. It is dumb in the same way the following exchanges are dumb.
Curbing America's Homework Habit, California Parents Press School to Stop the Homework Madness Nationwide, adolescents and teens are routinely grinding through 10- or 12-hour days. They're sacrificing a decent night's sleep, exercise, family time, a social life, and spare moments to simply read, invent, dream, or explore--everything that's essential to a growing mind
Empowering the Next Generation of Scientists Michael Bodekaer, 30 and Mads Bonde, 29, founded Labster, an internationally focused company dedicated to the development of pioneering online tools for teaching science globally.
Tenure A common public misperception is that tenure perpetuates mediocrity by permitting lifetime appointments for lackluster professors. In practice, the reverse is true
Hosting an Exchange Student Expands Your World 
Vergara Identified A Few Real Problems, But It's Completely Wrong About The Solutions Judge Treu's opinion unfortunately reflects a misunderstanding of education research and teacher employment law's effects. His decision also erodes labor protections without increasing the likelihood of an excellent education for students in low-income communities.
Education Reformers Keep Saying They Want to Pay Teachers More -- Do They Mean It? You would think \Let's pay teachers more\ would be a fairly straightforward proposal. We could raise state taxes or even use some of that free federal money that DC makes appear out of nowhere.
Vergara v. California Decision Lengthening the tenure decision process from two to three or even five years will not change the fact that our schools themselves, and the teachers they can afford to hire, vary wildly from district to district, often even from town to town.
Once a Welder, Now a Teacher 
The Power of 'Yes' 
Don't Call Them Dropouts No one should sit in judgment of the challenging choices many Americans have to make and the circumstances that lead them to leave school.
The Global Search for Education If you're not aware of the hottest current digital device debate, you're probably not a parent or an educator.
Can Research Identify a School That's Working? The most fundamental part of local control is the community definition of what a working school looks like.
Just Another Brick in the Wall Is a given lesson worth teaching? I may not always be sure of the answer, but I'm pretty sure that's the question we should be asking, rather than employing discipline, or demanding self-discipline, or pulling stuff off the walls in hopes that students will devote their attention to something whose value is simply taken for granted.
Diverse Conversations 
Should Teachers Stop Fighting for Tenure? 
An Educator's Lament Blaming teachers for education's problems is like blaming doctors for the epidemic of obesity. In both cases the root causes are societal. There's no rush to blame doctors, because, I suspect, doctors are not unionized and until very recently tended to vote Republican.
Why Would Learning Be the Goal of 21st Century Schools? The real villain, I believe, is not standards-based reform but the way it was high-jacked by test-driven accountability hawks.
High School Dropout Rate 
Business Group Pledges $500,000 Campaign For Common Core -- Who Will It Really Benefit? Someday, maybe 12 years from now, they think, all children will be college-ready, even if they live in squalor or have no home, even if they attend overcrowded classes with inexperienced teachers. Are they gullible? Or do they believe the public can be easily deceived?
What Every Parent Needs to Know About Their Schools 
Beyond Principals 
My Classroom, Not My Island As a woman of color and a life-long Chicagoan, I try to present to my students a curriculum that is both academically rigorous and culturally relevant. I teach for a better, more tolerant world, and because I know my students are capable of wrestling with the \u201cheavy,\u201d I never hesitate to bring it into our classroom.
Paul Tough Explains Why 'Rich Kids Graduate; Poor and Working-Class Kids Don't' Twenty-something years ago, few people contended that it made sense to treat teenagers with 5th grade skills as children, and drill them on elementary-level worksheets. Now, this educational malpractice has been repackaged as \standards-based learning\ and an instructional \best practice.\
Adventures in Instructional Coaching Working as an Instructional Coach is a delicate balance of learning how to balance being a coach who frequently talks teachers \off the ledge\ and not losing your teaching credibility.
A Commonsense Solution to School Inequality Neighborhoods no longer serve as Americans' primary social networks or source of friends and advisers. More and more, these aspects of life are becoming part of the workplace; offices have even been called the new neighborhood.
The Prince Edward County Free School For some kids, education means a chance at a life that is not 14 hours a day of backbreaking labor, risking lives to leave families and toil as migrant laborers across the treacherous border; it means hope for a better future.
Questions I Would Ask As the school year ends for all levels of education, I want to put forward one final quiz especially for our high school and college students to answer. If you do not know the answer to a question, just move quickly to the next one.
Meet the Fishman Winners! 
The Curse of Perfect Spelling I aced every one of those 10-word spelling quizzes teachers like to spring on their students. Little did I know they were secretly trying to identify the best candidates for the school spelling bee. Had I realized their plot, I might have flubbed my answers.
The Graduation Gift You Can't Afford to Miss 
Home Ec 2.0 So many people are struggling with their \home economics.\ Even though convenience foods may seem cheap, they're almost always more expensive per serving than the home-made version.
Escape From Poverty for a Few More Students Is Not a Worthy National Goal The rhetoric has shifted from condemning the soft bigotry of low expectations and leaving no child behind to declaring that education reform is the civil rights issue of our time and initiating competitions to race to the top.
Performance Measurement in Health Care and Education In both the education and health care contexts, among the more common objections to adjusting performance measures is the idea that doing so represents \setting different expectations\ for institutions (schools/hospitals) based on the people they serve.
Expanding Opportunity for AAPI Communities Through Education As with every other race, obtaining a college degree means facing lower rates of unemployment. For AAPIs, having a college education means shaving nearly 2 percentage points off the unemployment rate compared to AAPIs with only a high school education.
Why Did Corporate Reformers Overlook Newark's Children and Families? 
Are Common Core Standards Actually Data Tags? Decoupling? Not going to happen. You can't have a data system without tagging, and you can't have a tagging system with nothing to tag. Education and teaching are just collateral damage in all this, and not really the main thing at all.
Reclaim the Promise of Brown v. Board How is it that, 60 years after the Brown v. Board of Education decision that ended the legal basis for separate but equal schooling, some public schools in the United States have gleaming labs, libraries and laptops while others lack textbooks, toilet paper and teachers certified in their subjects?
Teachers -- The Greatest Common Core Casualty? I know that teaching is not the only profession where workers must \get by\ on the resources they receive, but the consequences have the widest ripple effect.
How I Engage in Racial Profiling 
Progress and Challenges 60 Years After Brown v. Board In 1954, Brown v. Board may have seemed like the end of a long struggle for educational equality. In fact, it was the beginning. We face a lot of challenges today in our communities, our country and on our planet.
Understanding Brown v. Board of Education To understand the impact of Brown, it is crucial to understand Milliken v. Bradley, which is far less well-known. Indeed, the latter decision has in many ways had an even more lasting impact on education.
60 Years After Brown v. Board, America's School Boards Call for Vigilance We must stay focused on investing equitably in our public schools and students, and we must not be diverted by programs that have the effect of re-segregating America's public education system.
60 Years After Brown v. Board, Will Congress Revive A Dual School System? On the 60th anniversary of Brown v. Board, Congress is set to expand a dual school system. One bound by laws, the other deregulated. One free to select the \winners, \ the other bound to accept all.
A Tale of Two Kindergartens -- Well, Three Now That I Think About It 
Does High School Matter? 
Increasing Diversity in the STEM Pipeline If the United States seeks to remain competitive in a global economy, it is essential that colleges and universities graduate more students majoring in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) disciplines.
Wisconsin Senate Blind-Sided By the Department of Public Instruction Nearly three years later, just yesterday, the Wisconsin State Senate finally caught wind of the investigation through the media, and decided to inquire further.
Use Proven Programs or Manage Using Data? Two Approaches to Evidence-Based Reform 
The Case for Online Education We can measure and respond to students' behavior much more easily and quickly when education is digital than when it is analog.
Weingarten Wants Common Core; Lewis Says We're Done I cannot stand CCSS because I know what it is
Results for America As time goes on, Results for America is making significant inroads in the policy world, helping political leaders of all stripes get comfortable with the idea of heightening the role of evidence in policymaking.
My Journey Into the Spotlight Why did I write the letter if all of these things are true? Because over the past eleven years, I have been more and more concerned over the 15-20 percent of students who have given up on their education.
Story Time From Space There's lots of great science going on on the International Space Station, involving not only professional scientists but tens of thousands of students who have participated in the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program. And now there's another way for kids, parents, and teachers to be a part of the human adventure of space exploration
Public School Apartheid in Harlem At some point, we tacitly consented to the notion that providing only 20 percent of the children in Harlem, those that win the lottery and go to charter schools, with adequate teachers, equipment and food, is a morally acceptable public policy.
A Teacher's Words to Louis C.K. I'm not out to criticize Louis C.K. or to throw fuel on the firefights over Common Core.  But from the perspective of this particular third grade teacher, I respectfully disagree with him.  Let me tell you why.
All Parents Need Access to Education Data Now The most useful information comes when parents, educators, and others with a stake in education have access to data that help them understand how well our kids are doing and empower them to make better decisions that improve student achievement.
Economics Students From 19 Countries Demand Overhaul of Economics Education 
What Your Average School Lunch Looks Like The health of our youth seems to be getting worse and worse.
Cyberbullying's Impact on Our Children and What Schools Can Do The impact that technology has had on our children because they are now always connected is that they now have become very disconnected with each other.
Myths of Spoiled Children and Other Things We love to hold fast to our points of view without regard to evidence to the contrary. This is particularly the case in so-called educational reform, where most of the prescriptions for what ails education are based on assumptions that are simply not true.
Three Strategies for Building Classroom Culture and Stopping Bullying in Schools The teachers who are most effective in stopping bullying are the ones who work purposefully and systematically to create classroom cultures in which kindness is valued over coolness.
Reading, Writing and Arithmetic I recently attended meetings and award events at the University of Colorado at Boulder and the University of Virginia. As always happens when I am on a college campus, I was struck by the importance and value of education.
What My Students Think Is The Best Way to Engage Students Be prepared, because I can never predict what they may think or say.  So, here is what my students think is the best way to engage students.
What If You Could Learn Like a Jedi People change, beliefs change, systems change, everything changes. When education doesn't evolve with these changes, it affects our present and future.
Mathematics, Magic and Mystery Mathematics is all about numbers and number crunching, right?  Actually, no, only part of it is. It's more about curiosity, logic, patterns and beauty, and also has its share of delicious surprise, wonder, intrigue, paradox, mystery and magic.
North Carolina, Your Teachers Are Worth More Here's something education reformers, union leaders and pretty much anyone paying attention can agree on
Justices Get It Wrong on Race Well beyond skin color, race matters because historical discrimination created an unfair advantage for whites that will continue to reproduce itself indefinitely, even if all intentional discrimination were to end tomorrow.
A Plan For Education 
Deconstructing The New SAT If admissions officers do not see the value in a test that is better aligned with the Common Core and continue to assign equal weight to both tests, the new SAT will be in a precarious position as students migrate in droves to the ACT.
Looking Forward What has been fascinating to see since we took the E-Colors into the schools is the speed of uptake that the children and students utilize the process and the primary applications such as Personal Intervention.
Closing the High School Graduation Gap America's creed does not guarantee equality of condition, but it does promise equality of opportunity.  Education is fundamental to an opportunity society, and America must redouble its efforts to close its high school graduation gap.
No Place for Poetry on My Son's Common Core ELA Test Ever since Beowulf, poetry has been critical to the development of the English language. We are now seeing a form of literary expression disappear without any discussion of whether it has a role to play in modern education.
Promposal 
What My Students Think About School Lunch In my years as an educator, I have spent the majority of my time with teenagers between the ages of 13 and 18, and I have come to one certainty
3 Technologies Bolstering STEM Learning 
Godzilla vs. Godot Godot, of course, was no monster, but Godzilla and Godot have more in common than a first syllable. They are the two opposing faces of despair
Living History in Covington High School 
The Real Future Economy This workerless economy isn't going to happen tomorrow, but we should begin to think about it.
Thinking Beyond the Box Those of us who are staunch advocates of HBCUs must not allow our support to impede a critical, yet objective analysis of what these institutions must do to become more competitive and responsive.
The Global Search for Education 
Brainstorming Middle School If we want our children to help us preserve, sustain and re-imagine the world, we have to give them a chance to try it now.
Staunch Majority of California Voters Support Pre-K Through these proposals, we can provide every four-year-old with high-quality pre-k and serve more of our most vulnerable infants and toddlers with evidence-based, comprehensive services that they need to thrive.
Why Doesn't the New York Times Understand the Controversy Over Common Core? How can the nation's \newspaper of record\ be so seriously indifferent to or ignorant of the major education issue of our day?
My Son Only Read One Book in Middle School Great reading can be done in middle school if we take the focus off standardized testing.
