Sky Vets Perform Incredible Rescue To Save Wild Lioness (GRAPHIC VIDEO) Warning
Animal Photos Of The Week This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
Washington Mudslide Menacing Fabled Pacific Northwest Salmon, Trout River The tribe - whose name means \the river people\ - welcomes the arrival of migrating fish in a \first salmon\ ceremony and
America's Exotic Pet Obsession Is Out Of Control (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Nearly two-thirds of Americans own at least one cat or dog, and that's considered an accepted cultural practice. But exotic
Time to Leave Our Bad Carbon Boyfriend But break-ups happen all the time and we find ways to move on and survive. We make choices to make our lives better for the future. I think it is time to admit that as a society we need to break up with our bad boyfriend, carbon.
Landslide in Oso, Washington -- Don't Blame Nature and Acts of God for Reckless Logging The 300-acre landslide in Oso, Washington, which killed at least 30 people and destroyed the local community on March 22, 2014, reveals a consequence of a relatively unregulated and unseen industry
Floating Farm City Harvests Icebergs For Hydroponics Global warming could eventually help Greenland live up to its name, but the icy island won't transform into a lush, arable
You'll Never Look At A Giraffe The Same Way Again Laughing Squid poked fun at the angle, writing that Barnard's camera \reveals a side of the great creature that is rarely
Don't Worry, Green Cars Don't Really Mean More Driving From Mother Nature Network's Jim Motavalli
Animal Photos Of The Week This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
World Running Out Of Time To Stop Global Warming, UN Report Says That would displace high polluting fossil fuels as the world's main energy source by mid-century. Such rises would sharply
Deadly Upper Big Branch Disaster Not Soon Forgotten In West Virginia \u201cWhat we have seen is a conspiracy to violate mine safety and health laws,\u201d U.S. Attorney R. Booth Goodwin II told ABC News
How To Treat Poison Ivy, Naturally From Mother Nature Network's Jennifer Nelson
American Forests' 'Big Tree Madness' Is A Bracket We Can Root For Forget the best college basketball team in the country. We want to know where the true glory lies
If You Were An Orphaned Animal, You'd Want This Woman To Be Your Mom Meet Margit Cianelli, a wildlife rehabilitator in Australia who provides her charges with the utmost care \u2014 including daily
Climate Change Threats To 'The Least Of These' Compel Evangelical Christians To Act \Within the community, there are still some stark differences of opinion,\ said Anthony Leiserowitz, director of the Yale
Funerals Start For Victims Of Washington Mudslide As Search Continues For More Victims In all, three individual memorial services were being held on Saturday, and a service for four victims was scheduled for
These Amazing Photos Will Make You Think Twice About Animal Deformities (PHOTOS) Balleng\u00e9e, whose research focuses on population declines and causes of deformities in amphibians, has been collecting these
Baby Porcupine Rescued From Dead Mother's Womb After Car Accident (VIDEO) A Maine man went to look for mushrooms, but instead, came home with something much cuter and charismatic. Jared Buzzell was
Animal Photos Of The Week This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
China's War On Smog Sparks Conflict Between Beijing And Polluting Hebei Hebei, which surrounds Beijing in the country's north, was home to seven of China's 10 most polluted cities last year. Researchers
Can There Be a Positive Prognosis for Climate Negotiations? International negotiations continued under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The two most important countries in terms of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions -- China and the U.S. -- engaged in a war of words.
'Ooho,' Tiny Edible Water Blob, Could Be A Major Solution To Plastic Bottle Waste (VIDEO) From Mother Nature Network's Bryan Nelson
Hawaii's White Sand Beaches Are Made From Parrotfish Poop Parrotfishes, or uhu in Hawaiian, are key players in regulating algae and reef life. Their parrot-like beaks and fused-together
Rachel Carson's Legacy Today, fifty years after Rachel Carson's death from breast cancer in the spring of 1964, Carson's influence is intense, her legacy a living one. She continues to be attacked by right-wingers like Rush Limbaugh who hope to tarnish her reputation and hence her political heirs.
Fracking Boosts U.S. Oil To 10 Percent Of Global Supply The U.S. now contributes more than 10 percent of the total global crude oil supply as of the end of 2013, a result of the
Lady Gaga Has Nothing On These Bizarre Marine Worms Marine zoologist and photographer Alex Semenov has a talent for capturing extraordinary portraits of underwater life, and
Earth Hour 2014 You can see what your country is planning for Earth Hour here, and if you think you're a \super hero for the planet,\ enter
Rigs to Reefs Our project involves diving on oil platforms off the coast of California  and in the Gulf of Mexico to visually document the current state of the ecosystems that grow on and around the platforms. We are working to interpret the essential principles and fundamental concepts of the Rigs-to-Reefs program.
This Baby Kangaroo Just Wants Some Personal Time, Okay? We've all snapped when our personal bubble gets invaded, so we get it baby kangaroo. These adorable joeys -- named Gladys
Climate Change Will Disrupt Food Supplies, Slow Economies, Cause Irreversible Damage, IPCC Finds Only 40 percent of Americans and 39 percent of Chinese view climate change as a major threat, according to a Pew Research
Animal Photos Of The Week This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
California Lowers Requirements For Organic Label Under Drought Conditions During that time, \u201corganic ruminant livestock producers \u2026 are not required to graze or provide dry matter intake from pasture
Students Are Now Competing Across Continents to Reduce the Most Emissions, and Waste, in Their Schools What began in 2003 in one school as a campus-wide energy conservation competition to raise awareness about energy consumption is now being used as a successful tool for schools and entire districts to meet strict energy savings targets.
As Listener And Saleswoman, E.P.A. Chief Takes To The Road For Climate Rules BEULAH, N.D. \u2014 Gina McCarthy was deep in enemy territory. Here on this wind-whipped prairie pocked with strip mines, Ms. McCarthy
There's No Business Like the Waste Business In 2010, Water For People set out to support small scale entrepreneurs to be in a position to solve this problem for customers in Blantyre. One of these was a man named Matthias John.
When Water Scarcity Becomes Personal Like many Syrian refugees fleeing the civil war in their country, Sabeen has found another crisis in Jordan
Will Ferrell And Robert Redford Create Incredible PSA To Help Save The Colorado River (VIDEO) From Mother Nature Network's Michael d'Estries
9 Amazing Macro Photos Of Insects The U.S. Geological Survey is outdoing itself on Flickr with more phenomenal photos showing every detail of these tiny critters
'Voyage Of Discovery' Explores Climate Change Through Science And Art (PHOTOS, VIDEO) \[The pieces] reflect the artists\u2019 responses to the transformation of land and sea -- the melting of glaciers and the thawing
Animal Photos Of The Week This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
As Paris' Smog Worsens, France Imposes Driving Restrictions, Makes Public Transit Free PARIS, March 16 (Reuters) - France will introduce driving restrictions in Paris on Monday to tackle dangerous pollution levels
Cruise Ship Workers Appear To Throw Bags Of Garbage Right Into The Ocean (VIDEO) HuffPost was unable to confirm that the latest videos are of the same incident. \In light of the on-going investigation MSC
Wastewater Injection By Energy Companies Increases Risk Of California Earthquakes Many of California's oil industry wastewater injection wells are near recently active fault lines, posing a risk of earthquakes
Nature Has A Promising Replacement For Hormone-Scrambling Plastics As a result of rising concerns, BPA-free products have flooded the market. Javier Fernandez admits he's not a huge fan of
Who Protects the People Once Their Water's Been Poisoned? All in all, the assault upon the water 300,000 West Virginians use to -- or used to use to -- drink, prepare food, wash themselves and their belongings may go unpunished.
Sustainable Tourism Education It is an impressive attraction that houses over 100,000 animals, representing 500 species, in 10 million gallons of water.   When the Georgia Aquarium opened in 2005, it was the largest Aquarium in the world.
Miami Development Plans Stopped By Outcry Over Manatees In 2012, a woman was arrested for \riding\ a manatee near St Petersburg on Florida's west coast, according to an official
Animal Photos Of The Week This week has been an interesting one in the weird, wild world of animal news
Tree Kangaroo Joeys Play In Their Caretaker's House, Climb Furniture And Even Eat Spaghetti Cianelli is very experienced, and has helped prepare young 'roos for the wild before. The rainforest is literally right in
Record Cold Digs Into Invasive Insect Population, But Won't Lead To Total Wipeout Cold weather will continue into April but will not be as cold as experienced earlier this winter, AccuWeather.com Long-Range
The Japanese Can't Stop Eating Endangered Sea Mammals Japan understandably loves sea mammals. After all, they're typically adorable and often intelligent. But what many people
Four New Man-Made Gases Found That Harm Ozone Layer, Scientists Say The experts were trying to pinpoint industrial sources of tiny traces of the new gases, perhaps used in making pesticides
Snail And Tortoise Sweaters Really Do Exist, And They're Surprisingly Adorable (PHOTOS) Have you ever dreamt of dressing up your pet tortoise or snail? Now you can, and their outfits can be as creative as you
U.S. Armed Forces Sickened After Fukushima Meltdown Get Help From Online Fundraising The fundraising program initially seeks to pay the costs of medical consultations, testing and treatments for 10 former service
Researchers The team then recorded that \rumble,\ and played it to other elephants, who reacted similarly to the first group, as though
Wyoming Governor Takes Major Stand Against Modern Science The standards \u201cseek to infuse students with a particular political view regarding climate change, sustainability, renewable
Over Two Million Comments Filed Against the Keystone XL Tar Sands Pipeline In a chilly March wind, protesters marched along the snow-splashed streets of Washington to deliver more than two million comments opposed to building the Canadian-backed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline.
Ukrainian Zoo Animals Faced Starvation Due To Lack Of Funds \u041f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u0430\u044f \u043d\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c. \u0416\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0442\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0445\u0430\u0440\u044c\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0437\u043e\u043e\u043f\u0430\u0440\u043a\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u0433\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0438 \u0433\u0438\u0431\u0435\u043b\u0438 \u0438\u0437-\u0437\u0430 \u043e\u0442\u0441\u0443\u0442\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0438\u044f \u0444\u0438\u043d\u0430\u043d\u0441\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f http://t.co/JC4SvOxc7C pic.twitter.com
Elephant Mother Knows How To Get Things Done (VIDEO) The animal kingdom is never short of heart warming moments. When an adorable elephant calf got stuck in a waterhole, her
Here's How You Start A Controlled Avalanche (VIDEO) Avalanche control is the process of using explosives to preemptively set off avalanches. By calculating and initiating a
13 'How Did You Get That?' Wildlife Photos From Tin Man Lee He's only been taking photos in a serious way for about 3 years \u2014 but you'd never know it by looking at his portfolio. Take
Hundreds of Students Arrested at White House Protesting Keystone XL I just came back from the White House, where the police are still arresting the hundreds of students who are taking part in what will likely be the largest act of youth civil disobedience at the White House in a generation.
Massive Winter Storm System Pummels Central U.S., Heads For East Coast More than 1,500 flights were canceled and another 2,880 were delayed as of mid-afternoon on Sunday, according to the airline
Peru's Quelccaya Ice Cap Is Melting, Thanks To Climate Change From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Tuba Players Make Alligators Randy With One Very Special Note (VIDEO) In 1944, the American Museum of Natural History in New York performed an experiment called \Response of Captive Alligators
Californian Innovation Tackles Salinity with Solar Desalination The Golden State is a remarkable place that attracts some of the brightest minds and best business people on the globe. I
Meet the Students Getting Arrested Over Keystone XL More than 1,000 students from over 200 schools and 42 different states have come to Washington, DC to take part in the protest. Here are some of the faces of the growing climate justice movement that's sweeping the nation.
Larry Ellison Has Grand Plans To Reintroduce Agriculture To Lanai \I was just looking at the Lanai five-year budget,\ he told a group in Las Vegas recently. \And wow, it's expensive.\ The
Snow Leopard vs. Blue Sheep Battle Captured In Amazing Photos And finally in a blur, everything happened. The Snow Leopard leapt from its cover, bounding across the rocks in great leaps
Biologists Free Whale From Fishing Gear Off Georgia Coast (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Whale No. 4057 is pictured on Sunday, February 16 dragging a heavy, thick rope. (Photo by Georgia Wildlife Resources Division
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Global Warming Won't Cut Winter Death Rates As Hoped, Study Says However a report in the journal Nature Climate Change on the situation in England and Wales said climate warming would likely
10 Of The Best State Parks In America If you've ever tried to fight the summertime crowds in Yellowstone, Yosemite or another popular U.S. national park, you'll
Underwater Forest Off Coast Of Alabama Could Become U.S. Marine Sanctuary From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Why Are Leading Overseas Development Advocates Pushing Us Down the Greenhouse Gangplank? Rumors are circulating that some members of Congress are pushing OPIC to shift directions and finance more polluting gas projects in regions like Sub-Saharan Africa.
Leonardo DiCaprio Donates $3 Million To Oceana When it comes to his animal spirit, it looks like Leonardo DiCaprio sees himself as more of a shark than a wolf. The \Wolf
Steer-ing the Climate Conversation to Sanity Regarding Economic Analysis John Kerry's recent comments suggest that there is a minority who believe that climate mitigation costs outweigh the benefits
Passion Remains High Because Keystone XL Marks a Turning Point on Climate We'd be kidding ourselves if we minimized the Keystone XL pipeline. The State Department's own report made it clear just how significant this dirty energy project would be -- from a climate perspective.
The Inherent Opportunity in Today's Energy Poverty Crisis Almost two years ago, the United Nations declared 2012 the International Year of Sustainable Energy for All, successfully bringing much-needed attention to the once overlooked problem of energy poverty.
Baby Sea Turtles Are So Adorable That They Make Everything Okay In The World (PHOTOS) If you're lucky enough to have ever seen a sea turtle nest hatch, you know that it's one of the most magical, unique experiences
Meatless Monday Last week, I appeared at a Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce panel on behalf of LEAP. We were there as Miami's culinary entrepreneurs
Adopt A Pet In New York City All photos courtesy of NYC Animal Care & Control. Interested in a new pet? AC&C has adoption centers in Manhattan, Brooklyn
Michigan Wolves Don't Need to Die Protected since 1973 under the Endangered Species Act, Michigan wolves were delisted at the start of 2012. By the end of that year, Governor Rick Snyder signed legislation declaring them fair game for hunting. Why? Because... Well, that's a tough question to answer.
To Fight Climate Change, What Would George Washington Do? On this Presidents Day, it's fitting to reflect on a November night more than 200 years ago, when Gen. George Washington rowed out onto New Jersey's Millstone River with a contingent of soldiers to settle a scientific mystery; what was behind the rumors of the river catching fire?
Sea Sickness Every human need for the future -- fresh water, food, energy, medicine, security, and psychological renewal -- is dependent on a healthy, sustainable world ocean. The ocean is our cure. Why would we destroy it?
Pollutants Found In Children's Clothing From Multiple Luxury Fashion Brands, Greenpeace Says Armani said it has committed to abolish all chemicals which could cause environmental damage to production sites by 2020
Renewing NYC's Sustainability Agenda It is time for our new mayor to pick up the baton and continue the relay race toward a city that pays attention to its air, water, waste, carbon footprint and ecological impact.
Can Anybody Save California? In a journey befitting our increasingly biblical climate, President Obama traveled on Friday from storm-wracked Washington
Kerry's State Department Ignored Obama's Climate Action Plan While the State Department should have asked
E.O. Wilson Two schools of thought -- sometimes working in unison and sometimes at odds with each other -- have driven much of the environmental movement in the United States over the past 100+ years.
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Excessive Radiation Levels Detected At New Mexico Waste Site Feb 16 (Reuters) - Underground sensors have detected excessive radiation levels inside a nuclear waste storage site deep
More Than 88 Percent Of The Great Lakes Are Completely Frozen Over (PHOTOS) \That arctic vortex came down, and the ice just kept going,\ George Leshkevich, a physical scientist with the NOAA, told
How Do We Plan For A Future With More Blackouts? Modern life is utterly dependent on electricity. What are we to do if that supply becomes erratic? Read more on Mother Nature
Spider-Man Teams Up With Earth Hour To Become First Superhero Ambassador (VIDEO) From Mother Nature Network's Michael d'Estries
Kerry Says Climate Change A Major Threat To Indonesians' Way Of Life, Urges Nations To Act Speaking to students, Kerry derided sceptics of the view that human activity causes global warming as \shoddy scientists
These 8 Animals Mate For Life Romance is in the air, with Valentine\u2019s Day upon us. Read more on www.weather.com
More Toxic Chemicals Damaging Children's Brains, New Study Warns \The default assumption is that if it's not good for the adult brain, it's even worse for the child's,\ said Bellinger. The
Kamapua'a, The Surfing Pig From Hawaii, Will Melt Your Heart It wasn't long before the two became Hawaii's most lovable surfing duo. \u201cI think he enjoys it,\ said Holt. \It seems like
Danish Zoo Has No Plans To Kill Second Giraffe Named Marius In a statement posted on its Facebook page on Friday under the headline \problem solved\, Jyllands Park said it had now heard
7 Strange, But Great, Alternative Uses For Honey Honey happens to have some antibacterial qualities, especially if it's dark, which is why it's been used in wound care for
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Severe Weather Batters Britain, Cutting Off Rail Lines As Country Drenched In Wettest January Ever Some areas have been underwater for over a month in the wettest January on record, with angry residents criticising the government
Adopt A Pet In New York City Interested in a new pet? AC&C has adoption centers in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Staten Island, all open daily from 12 p.m
Babies And Seal Pups Napping Peacefully On A Beach Don't worry, it doesn't need to make sense. Just sit back, relax, and prepare yourselves for sweetness overload.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Scientific Spill Studies, Funded by BP, Start to Yield Results Scientists gathered in Alabama last month said their current research on impacts of the 2010 BP spill will help authorities deal with future disasters.
Climate Change A Growing Concern For Winter Olympics Hosts Sochi organizers stashed 16 million cubic feet of snow from last winter under tarps in case of dry or warm conditions this
Mystery Noises Finally Explained ST. LOUIS \u2014 This unusual winter got a little stranger last weekend for some people in Missouri who reported hearing mysterious
Farmer John Doubles Down Californians are welcoming rain, but that hasn't stopped the astonishingly bold-faced water grab by San Joaquin Valley Republicans which would massively redistribute the state's water in the favor of Republican farming districts.
Hawaii Stores Selling Dead Baby Sharks As Souvenirs But the war isn't over for Ocean Defender. Several Facebook commenters noted that they'd seen the same jars sold in other
These Animals Prove The Endangered Species Act Really Does Work Proponents argue that species resurgence takes time, and relies on multiple factors like the amount of time spent under the
Laserwolf Every morning, Laserwolf checks the surf conditions to evaluate which equipment to bring out. If the waves are big and barreling
Drone Captures Unbelievable Video, Adds Entirely New Dimension To Whale Watching Fin whales -- the second-largest whale species and also one of the most elusive -- are longer than the average school bus
Adopt A Pet In New York City; Featured Animals For 2/2/2014, Courtesy Of NYC's Animal Care & Control (PHOTOS) For more information on adopting, go here, or call (212) 788-4000. All AC&C adoptions include vaccinations, a microchip, spay
Farmer John and the Cow-Flop As Congressman George Miller, who has led the Northern California team at water negotiating tables for decades, commented, Boehner's proposal \has little or nothing to do with water policy in the state\ and everything to do with the politics of the Republican caucus.
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week Though the Sierra Nevada received some snowfall this past week, California's drought conditions continued to worsen and snowpack
If You Like Walking, These Are The Cities For You (PHOTOS) We all know that walking is the best form of transport in big cities
Too Many Glass Jars Lying Around? Here Are 11 Cool Ideas For Reusing Them From Networx's Katie Marks
This Is What A Hawaii Snow Day Looks Like (PHOTOS) Earlier this week, a snow storm hit the summits of Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea on Hawaii's Big Island and residents were (understandably
Spider Babies Eat Their Mother From The Inside Out, Giving Us Another Reason To Be Terrified Of Arachnids A mother spider sacrifices herself as prey to her offspring as an essential step to waking up their hunting instincts -- without
Counterfeit Super Bowl Fan Gear May Be Tainted With Toxins \It is easy to find traces of chemical coloring agents and paints which are harmful to health,\ reads the report. \Over time
9 Animals That May Or May Not Know The Super Bowl 48 Winner The competition is so fierce that it seems more animals are placing their bets this year, too. Though we're not totally sure
How A Brewery Might Save This Town In The California Drought Bear Republic\u2019s efforts to confront the water shortage aren\u2019t new. In November of last year, the brewery struck a deal with
Spring Outlook Though Phil has a few more days to prognosticate the next six weeks, the AccuWeather.com long-range forecasting team already
It'll Be Frigid, But Will The Super Bowl Be Cold Enough To Freeze Beer? A typical strength beer with 5 percent alcohol by volume will freeze near 26 to 29 F, according to Karl Siebert, professor
If You Thought Getting Old Sucks, Try Having A Lifespan Like These Animals Other animal individuals -- like Cookie, a resident cockatoo at the Chicago Zoological park \u2013 can live for really long times
A Lesson for Dr. Kim and the World Bank as It Ponders the Kosovo Coal Project As Dr. Kim and the World Bank prepare for the Kosovo project there is one question that Kosovars should be asking
Lonely Orca Lolita May Finally Be Going Home Lolita has been crammed inside a tank barely any larger than the length of her own body at the Miami Seaquarium for more than four decades. Lolita's wretched world is the smallest tank in North America.
China 'Seriously Concerned' About U.S. Investigation Of Solar Imports The Commerce Department investigation and a parallel inquiry by the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) could open
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Accidents Surge As Oil Industry Takes The Train CASSELTON, N.D. \u2014 Kerry\u2019s Kitchen is where Casselton residents gather for gossip and comfort food, especially the caramel
Save Energy AND Money This Winter With These 7 Home Improvements From DealNews' Lou Carlozo
These Stunning Underwater Photos Taken By Free Divers Are NOT Photoshopped (PHOTOS) If you've ever held your breath underwater, you've technically been free diving. But the sport of free diving is an entirely
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
These Are The Faces Of Animals That Almost Didn't Make It Victor, Resident of Poplar Spring Animal Sanctuary Take a look more stunning portraits below, and read through some of these
Pipeline Fight Lifts Environmental Movement WASHINGTON \u2014 Environmentalists have spent the past two years fighting the Keystone XL pipeline
NASA Graphic Shows Six Terrifying Decades Of Global Warming (VIDEO) Despite the recent polar vortex and the efforts of some to suggest otherwise, global warming is happening. The National Oceanic
So, Do Animals Get Divorced? From Mother Nature Network's Chanie Kirschner
Aquascapes The highly competitive world of aquascaping \u2014 artfully arranging aquatic plants, rocks and other objects in an aquarium \u2014 combines
Alligator Crittercams Offer Unprecedented Look Into Reptiles' Lives (VIDEO) As shown in the video, installing the cameras was no easy feat. The researchers had to catch the alligators, hold them down
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Insatiable Taiji Bloodlust Bullies are loathsome. What's occurring this very second as I pen yet another article about Japan's odious sense of entitlement over all sea life is the gory, brutal and inhumane bloodlust in the Taiji cove as the War Against Nature is raging, again.
Well, This Is One Way To Remove A Dead Whale From The Beach A massive sperm whale was laid to rest in a landfill recently after being transported from its stranding site in the bed
China's Coal to Gas Plans The catastrophic air pollution China experienced in 2013 has proven China's decades-old coal obsession is simply unsustainable. The coal industry seems set on rebranding its toxic product in \new bottles.\
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
3 Lies SeaWorld Wants You To Believe Just three of the smaller lies SeaWorld instructs its employees to tell guests about the whales
Going to Jail on MLK's Birthday to Stop Keystone XL South It was in the spirit of Dr. King, and what he called \the fierce urgency of now,\ that I went to jail to stop Keystone XL South.
Final Drinking Water Ban Lifted In West Virginia After Chemical Spill More than 200 people reported nausea and other symptoms linked to the tainted water supply, medical officials said. (Reporting
Saving These Rare Orcas? Protect Their Favorite Haunts Critical habitat designations prevent the federal government from undertaking or approving activities that reduce an area's ability to support an endangered species. Species with designated critical habitat are more than twice as likely to show signs of improvement than those without.
'We Animals' Book Exposes Sadness Of Animal Captivity With Stunning Photos The following is an excerpt from \We Animals,\ a photojournalistic book that documents the lives of animals in captivity
A Compromise We Can't Afford The Sierra Club and 17 other environmental, environmental justice and public health advocacy groups sent a letter to President Obama in which we asked him to stop basing national energy policy on an \all of the above\ strategy.
Shaun Harrington Goes Shark Diving In A Birdcage.. Guess What Happens Next \It's not the smartest thing,\ Harrington said of the stunt. We totally agree. That's when the tiger shark lunged towards
Honolulu's Sewage System Stinks.. Literally But with as many as 30 new buildings being planned in the neighborhood, including several luxury high-rises, many in Honolulu
If You See Something, Say Something STATE COLLEGE, Pa. \u2014 THE overwhelming consensus among climate scientists is that human-caused climate change is happening
Media for Sale Last week, the political news website Real Clear Politics hosted a Washington D.C. event. Held at the gleaming Newseum, site of many such events, it was entitled, \U.S. Energy Policy
National Zoo's Panda, Bao Bao, Makes Her Debut To Visitors (VIDEO) There are only about 1,600 pandas known to be living in the wild and some 300 in captivity, mostly in China. Visitors began
Will Europe Scrap Its Renewables Target? That Would Be Good News for the Economy and for the Environment Without the renewables mandate, the cap being planned for the EU ETS will be achieved at lower cost and will foster greater incentives for climate-friendly technological change.
West Virginia Officials Knew Potentially Dangerous Chemicals Were Stored Near Elk River The Charleston Gazette's Ken Ward Jr. reports that Freedom Industries, the company that owns the leaking tanks, told state
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Showtime's 'Years Of Living Dangerously' Will Take Viewers To The Front Lines Of Climate Change YEARS of LIVING DANGEROUSLY Trailer from YEARS of LIVING DANGEROUSLY on Vimeo. \u201cWe\u2019ll make it exciting,\u201d Cameron said when
What Happens When Animals Of Different Species Mate? (VIDEO) When animals are in close proximity, sometimes they have to find love in unexpected partners. If the animals share enough
Emperor Penguins Forced To Climb Cliffs To Breed As Climate Change Causes Sea Ice To Melt From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Could GMO Apples Taint The Fruit's Good Reputation? When the inside of an apple is exposed to oxygen, it begins to brown quickly, making it unappealing to many apple eaters
The Top Ten Cat Names Of 2013 (PHOTOS) If an adorable new feline joined your household in 2013, you can now see if its name is a popular one. Take a look below
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
The Most Popular Dog Names Of 2013 (PHOTOS) If human monikers aren't your fancy, you're not alone. VPI also compiled a list of the wackiest pet names of 2013, where
So, Those School Supplies You've Hoarded Since Fifth Grade Can Be Recycled After All From Earth911's Maria Carter
The 10 Best Ethical Travel Destinations For 2014 If international travel is on your docket for 2014, you may want to consider its environmental and ethical impact. Read more
New Schools To Open In Joplin, Missouri, After Tornado All of Joplin's schools have been outfitted with safe rooms, where students and staff can take refuge in case of a tornado
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
To Believe or Not to Believe So here goes, it seems the most prevalent reason for climate change denial is a belief that renewable energy and sustainable
Earth's New Normal The Arctic is warming at least two times faster than the rest of our planet. It's not just the loss of the white surface, which reflects solar radiation back to space and helps keep Earth at a habitable temperature range for our species that is a concern.
EPA Unlikely To Pursue Fracking Contamination Cases Anytime Soon, Analysts Say U.S. Chamber of Commerce President Thomas Donohue warned last month that the study could be used to justify clamping down
Crab Steals GoPro Camera, Makes Directorial Debut (VIDEO) What happens when a crab decides one day that it wants to become a director? In most cases, probably nothing, since crabs
Watch This Greyhound In Batman Jammies Frolicking In The Snow Greyhounds are bred for speed and endurance on race courses. Their ridiculously adorable nature, however, just comes naturally
The Importance of Our Evolution Beyond Killing for Food As a pig farmer, I live an unethical life shrouded in the justificatory trappings of social acceptance. What I do is wrong, in spite of its acceptance by nearly 95 percent of the American population. I know it in my bones.
Arctic Weather Bears Down On U.S. Midwest, Northeast The storm comes on the heels of a massive weather system that slammed the U.S. Midwest and Northeast just after New Year's
Flame-Retardant Furniture May Leave A Toxic Legacy There's also no guarantee that future rules favoring the use of flame retardants won't be introduced and counteract current
Why the Climate Movement Should Get Political in 2014 If there was one thing to say about the climate movement in 2013 is that it started to reveal itself as a powerful political force. Now is the time to lean into politics, not push it away. Engaging in politics matters for the climate movement, and here are a few reasons why.
Postal Worker Gets Stuck In Icy River Where Street Used To Be (PHOTO) Fire crews were dispatched to rescue Sposito, who was reportedly stuck in four feet of icy water. Mailman Joe Sposito discovered
Thousands Of Tree Swallows Come To Roost In Front Of Your Eyes (VIDEO) You don't need to be a birder to appreciate the peacefulness and majesty of this natural phenomenon. A few lucky boaters
This Is How You Brush An Obscenely Massive Spider Off Your Shoulder Despite its absolutely cringe-worthy appearance, this man seems pretty unfazed by the unexpected visitor, even when it starts
West Nile Virus Blamed For Death Of Dozens Of Bald Eagles In Utah The water birds are expected to end their stopover in Utah and fly to the Southwestern United States and Mexico the second
Ugandans Fear Curse Of Oil Wealth As It Threatens To Blight 'Pearl Of Africa' Most of Uganda's oil is in the Albertine Graben region in the west of the country, an expanse of lush green vegetation that
We Don't Need To Tell You Golden Retrievers Are Amazing, But We Will Anyway They know how to work it for the camera. And they absolutely LOVE to play. Goldens, this one's for you. They're so powerful
The Endangered Species Act Celebrates Forty Years Of Wildlife Protection (VIDEO) To celebrate 40 years of critical environmental rebuilding and conservation, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service created a
The Dark Money In Climate Change In his speech at Georgetown University this year, President Obama made it clear that tackling climate change will be one
The Global War Against Nature There's a crisis of epic proportion occurring on our planet 24/7, 365
Counting Whales In Hawaii Might Be The Best Volunteer Program Ever Register here. It isn't. NOAA chooses three days in peak whale season (January-March) and volunteers are kept so busy that
Vinland Restaurant In Portland, Maine Takes 'Local' To A New Level The chef sees himself as part of a food revolution, which is ultimately part of a greater social, cultural and political
These Untrained Orangutans Can Row Boats And Even Help Humans With Chores (VIDEO) Yes, they row boats. Their amazing adaptive abilities don't stop there, and through observation they have learned to help
Wild Birds Should Fly Free Overproduction and promotion of parrots and other exotic birds has resulted in an influx of unwanted, abused, and abandoned birds in shelters and rescue facilities across the U.S.
Merry Christmas Bob Barker A 50-year career on television with the longest running daytime game show 'The Price is Right' is certainly remarkable. But there's another side to Bob Barker beyond his successful daytime job that is astonishing and brought an ear-to-ear grin across my face.
'Tis the Season to Be Owlly We are in the midst of a major irruption of the snowy owl in the east. Such irruptions, which occur every couple of years in the lower 48, are generally due to low populations levels of its mainstay Arctic prey, lemmings -- particularly the collared lemming.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Institutionalized Insanity and Humanity's Existential Crisis What if all of Humanity today called forth our current resources in a massive campaign to create renewable, nonpolluting energy so abundant that no armies are needed to defend it?
Former DEA Agent Finds Employment in the Recreational Marijuana Industry Now, instead of helping the government kick in doors of marijuana dispensaries throughout Portland, Oregon, veteran agent Patrick Moen will be busy crunching numbers for the recreational marijuana industry.
Welcome To The World Of Live Animal Cameras, Baby Eagles! Live streaming video by Ustream Let's face it
Holidays In Lights Bright, colorful lights are icons of Christmastime, making this an ideal season to highlight the year's most vivid aurora
Pika's Moss-Eating Habit May Help Creature Adapt To Climate Change Rather Than Succumb To It From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Disney And Oil Industry Team Up For 'Rocking In Ohio' Event [UPDATED] \Rocking In Ohio\ is an interactive, game show-like presentation entirely funded by the Ohio Oil and Gas Association and
2013 Although 2013 had its share of tragedies, portents and absurdities, it also was in many ways a landmark year for the Sierra Club and the issues we work on. So in this last post of the year, I want to highlight some of the very good things that happened.
Still Uncertain It\u2019s common for direct connections to be drawn between climate change and the effects of the devastating droughts that have
Maybe It Was the Mistletoe In this story, it was regular citizens and a federal court, not the Ghost of Christmas Future, that gave the County a glimpse of what it means to be on the hook for Clean Water Act fines.
Baby Gorilla And Grandma At San Francisco Zoo Is The Cutest Thing You'll See Today All photos by Marianne Hale courtesy of the San Francisco Zoo The public will be able to view Kabibe on Saturday, but we
Tips To Keep Your Dog Safe This Holiday Season With the holiday season now in full-force, it's important to remember the health and safety of the four-legged creatures
10 Cities That Could Run Out Of Water - Weather.com Securing access to plentiful, renewable sources of fresh water is among the biggest struggles large cities around the world
10 Cities That Could Run Out Of Water - Weather.com Securing access to plentiful, renewable sources of fresh water is among the biggest struggles large cities around the world
Ever Wondered What A Helicopter Looks Like Playing Hockey? (VIDEO) We're sure like almost everyone on the planet, at some point you've wished that you could watch a helicopter 'playing hockey
Shell's Berlin 'Science Slam' Event Reportedly Disrupted By Anti-Drilling Activists (VIDEO) Since the event, Peters and his anti-Shell group, \SlamShell\ have received considerable media attention, as curated on Peters
Massive Ice Floe Rushes Down River In Colorado (VIDEO) The rush of water and ice came racing down the San Miguel River on Tuesday when a cold snap was followed by warmer temperatures
Time-Lapse Video Of Sky, Space And Sea Is Absolutely Amazing '\Into The Atmosphere,' is my tribute to the state of California and the beautiful deserts, mountains and coastlines that
It's On And win they will. Because they have a superior product. Because once you drive a Tesla, all other cars seem like antiques
Waste To Waves Recycling Program Gives Foam A Second, Ocean-Friendlier Life Though the program\u2019s accomplishments are impressive, the demand for recycled boards has not yet met the supply of recycled
Lions, Tigers And Ubuntu, Oh My! Boyd Varty On The Interconnected World Of South Africa The privately-owned Londolozi Game Reserve is a safari destination that\u2019s been in the Varty family for over 80 years. It
You Get What You Pay for (Perjury, in This Case) Reposted from Eye on the Amazon The Ecuadorians have now moved that all of Guerra's fraudulent testimony be stricken. Remember
Climate Change This Week \u263c\u263c\u263c BRIGHT SIDE, WORLDWIDE \u263c\u263c\u263c OO Texas
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Henry, Chihuahua That Was Shot For Target Practice And Tortured With Chemicals, Finds A Home A tan Chihuahua mix named Henry may always have to wear the evidence of his traumatic past on his face, but he's looking
Will Canada Make Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions To Win Over U.S.? Canada needed 12 months to finalize regulations curbing emissions from coal-fired power plants that were ratified last year
Arctic Ice Melt Tied To Heat Waves And Downpours In U.S., Europe And Elsewhere, Study Suggests In September, the U.N.'s panel of climate scientists raised the probability that most global warming since 1950 has a human
What We Learned From The Deadliest Hurricane In U.S. History The 1900 Galveston Hurricane killed more than 6,000 people. The tragedy may have occurred more than 100 years ago, but it
Is That Faux Fur Really Fake? From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
15 Vegan Celebrities Who've Given Up Animal Products For A Healthier Lifestyle More people than you may have thought are on plant-based and animal-free diets
Beyond COP 19 Climate crisis, global inequalities, and resistance to necessary change all stem from the acceleration of competition over natural resources, especially energy. At the root of the crisis is the psychological dualism of 'self vs. other' separating humans from nature and each other.
How Green Is Your Tree? Sustainable Holiday Tips Surely we shouldn't be cutting down a tree? As a child, these pangs of guilt were short lived and immediately washed away by the warmth and glitter of decorating day.  As an adult, though, the environmental impact of my choices is important to me.
Kitten Meets Bearded Dragon, Freaks Out Ninja-Style (VIDEO) Bearded dragons were only introduced to the United States in the 1990\u2019s, and so, despite their increasing popularity as house
Getting 'The Arctic 30' Home Australian activist Colin Russell was today released from a St. Petersburg detention center, the last of the Arctic 30 detainees to be freed on bail after the seizure of the Greenpeace International ship Arctic Sunrise more than two months ago.
Dereck And Beverly Joubert; Explorers On The Front Lines Of Lion Conservation Do you think the world is doing enough to protect these cats? How do we save the lions? What are the main threats that lions
Feral Tomcat With Face Ripped Open Finds Help In the Unlikeliest Place For a year and a half, rescuers sought to trap Rebel \without a cause,\ but he was too clever for their humane traps. However, when Rebel showed up one day with his face ripped open and according to Cathy, \nearly hanging off of him,\ they had to step up their efforts as his life depended on it.
Free Mike Roselle From Jail Roselle spent Thanksgiving in the Regional Jail in Charleston, West Virginia with a simple question
23 Photos Of Lions To Get You Pumped For Big Cat Week A two week old lion cub is half submerged in water as it clings on for its life on the bank of a river which it fell into
Hollywood Must Protect Animals The Hollywood Reporter's scathing investigation of the American Humane Association this week supports what PETA US has been reporting for years
Missouri Gas Pipeline Explodes Near Hughesville, No Injuries Reported Witnesses said flames from the fire about 75 miles (120 km) southeast of Kansas City could be seen from miles (km) away, according
Climate Change This Week OO Shell Oil Self-Imposes High Carbon Pollution Tax - enough to crash coal and even natural gas in the marketplace, when
What To Do With Leftover Cooking Oil? Officials Urge NYC Residents To Keep It Out Of The Sink From Mother Nature Network's Matt Hickman
Peter Willcox, American Greenpeace Activist Jailed In Russia For Climate Protest, Won't Back Down This article was updated to reflect the fact that Colin Russell, the last of the Arctic 30 jailed in Russia, was granted
Your Black Friday Guide To Poison-Free Holiday Shopping \For myself and many others with chemical sensitivity, it's important to stay away if a certain chemical is present, regardless
Turkeys Get Spa Treatment and Love on Thanksgiving (VIDEO) 
13 Photos That Will Make You Want To Become A Wildlife Photographer Photographer Gary Davenport captures amazing images of the diverse wildlife that call Ridgefield National Wildlife Refuge
Controversial GMO Study By Gilles-Eric Seralini Retracted Seralini, who works in Caen with a group called CRIIGEN, the Committee for Research and Independent Information on Genetic
A Thanksgiving Blessing For All Living Things Divine Spirit, Blessed Ones,/ who guide us throughout our days,/ help us to honor our Mother, Gaia, the elegant Earth/ by breathing compassion, kindness, courage/ generosity and gratitude\ndeeply into our being.
US Court Denies Halt on Pipeline Set to Replace Keystone XL Northern Half That 600-mile long, 600,000 barrels per day proposed line runs from Flanagan, Illinois - located in the north central part of the state -- down to Cushing, Oklahoma, dubbed the \pipeline crossroads of the world.\
7 Strange Uses For Candle Stubs From Networx's Katie Marks
Thanksgiving Storm Threatens Holiday Travel Along The East Coast The storm is expected to bring heavy rain to the Southeast on Tuesday and then turn north and move up the East Coast, possibly
EPA Faces Challenges To Air Pollution Authority In Supreme Court Cases \It would be both a big deal and somewhat unsurprising if EPA loses both Clean Air Act cases,\ said Richard Frank, an environmental
Tired of Negativity? Large-scale solutions to large-scale problems
Horse On A Treadmill Is Weird And Majestic All At Once (VIDEO) Lola has her own Twitter account with dedicated fans who even launched a campaign to put the horse on a treadmill on UVA
Ocean Acidification About one quarter of the human-made CO2 emissions have been absorbed by oceans, creating yet another environmental problem of global concern.
The Climate Movement Needs to Stop 'Winning' I am from an impacted community in East Texas, home to oil and gas industry, on the southern route of the Keystone XL (KXL
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
UN Climate Talks Limp Toward Global Deal In 2015 Environmentalists walked out on Thursday, exasperated by lack of progress. Rich nations are preoccupied with reviving their
Warsaw to World Leaders There is already ample evidence that humanity isn't acting quickly enough to address climate change. The need for greater action in 2015 is obvious. And there are plenty of reasons to believe that countries can get their act together by then.
Amidst Typhoons and Climate Change, U.S. Spying Network Shows Contempt for Environment Despite mounting evidence that global warming is leading to devastating environmental disasters in the Pacific region, the U.S. and its partners are suspicious of climate change advocates. Rather brazenly, Washington and its Pacific allies spy on those who are intent on reining in global warming.
Helium Too Precious For Party Balloons, Says Chemist I was in the grocery store the other day when my children started to pester me for a balloon. Read more on Mother Nature
Scientists Identify More Than 2,300 'Irreplaceable' Places Key To Wildlife's Survival Sian Ka'an Biosphere Reserve, Mexico Khao Sok National Park, Thailand Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta Natural National Park
The Nature Conservancy Photo Contest Finals Are Here, And They Are Absolutely Beautiful Take a look at the shots below, and then head over the contest's website between now and December 23 to vote. The world really
13 Awe-Inspiring Facts About The Environment You already know the basics
Illinois Tornado Wreaks Havoc Near Peoria Many of the injuries appeared to have been caused by collapsing structures. CHICAGO, Nov 17 (Reuters) - A fast-moving storm
A Look Back At The Kauai GMO Protests It is expected that the biotech companies will challenge the law in court. As seen above, there's no doubt Kauai will be
Super Typhoon Haiyan Satellite images along with readings of ocean heat seem to suggest that Haiyan was an unnaturally powerful storm. The science is hinting that this storm may not have been so catastrophic in a world without warming.
Kauai County Council Override Frees Way For GMO Bill Today the Council voted to override the veto by a count of 5-2. Mayor Carvalho left before the vote took place. CORRECTION
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
This Rabbit Eating In Slow Motion Is Absolutely Enthralling (VIDEO) Beans the rabbit likes to munch on parsley, and we like to watch Beans munch in super slow motion... Because everything is
Peccary Pups At San Francisco Zoo Are The Cutest Things You've Never Heard Of (Photo courtesy of the San Francisco Zoo) Check out pictures of the peccary pups below
Thousands March Outside the UN Climate Talks in Warsaw, Poland Thousands of people from around the world took the streets outside the UN Climate Talks in Warsaw today to demand climate justice.
Obama Praises U.S. Oil Production As 'Tremendous Step Towards American Energy Independence' \Between more clean energy and less wasted energy, our emissions of dangerous carbon pollution are actually falling,\ Obama
New Member Could Tip Balance On Kauai County Council On Pesticide Bill But Friday's council election wasn't a referendum on Bill 2491. Kualii told Civil Beat that he strongly supported overriding
Day of Shame Today is a shameful day in Michigan history. This morning 1200 hunters are out with high-powered rifles trying to kill forty-three wolves. And for what? Nothing but bloodlust.
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Want to Win the Climate Debate? Stop Debating. The deniers do not care that 97 percent of scientists agree that climate change is anthropogenic because only 97 percent of scientists agree, not 100 percent. Even with mass consensus, there are still those three percent and those three percent are key to legitimizing the debate.
UN Climate Talks May Only Bring Moderate Progress As Rich Nations Worry About Economy \We need flexibility between the countries, that they will promote their own strategies, their own goals,\ Environment Minister
Labrador With Skin Infection Slowly Recovers Do you have a Tail of Hope or Survival? We'd love to hear it! Visit us at thepetcollective.tv and tell us your story! Share
Zoo Animals Eating Pumpkins Is The Best Thing You'll See This Weekend (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Humans aren't the only ones who enjoy a seasonal treat. California's Oakland Zoo has partnered with local pumpkin patches
Hawaii's Invasive Species Might Be Cute, But They're A Huge Island Threat Coqui Wanted for
Government To Use Eagle Scout's Raptor Trap At Airports Bird collisions are a safety concern for planes and passengers as well. The Federal Aviation Administration reports that
Smart Wheel By FlyKly Could Change Everything About Commuting So FlyKly\u2019s Niko Klansek decided to \u201cturn an ordinary bike into a smart bike.\u201d Before setting out on a ride, the cyclist
Teen Wows Science Fair With Body-Heat Powered Flashlight The next time you go camping, don't worry about batteries or an outlet to power your flashlight. If you have a model designed
An Electric School Bus Could Be Coming To A School Near You From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Landscape Photographer Of The Year Awards Showcase The UK's Stunning Beauty Sometimes, a picture really is worth a thousand words. City Twilight, London, England by Charlotte Gilliatt \u2013 Runner-up, Urban
Autumn Dispatch From the Hills and Hollers of West Virginia The past month has been fairly busy for me and my work fighting against the coal industry.
Rules of the Road Needed for North American Energy With new North American resource abundance, we have the opportunity to better control our destiny and move to greater independence. But we cannot hope to do that without a robust integrated North American energy marketplace.
Oil & Gas Talking Points Start to Unravel Colorado Public Radio's Ryan Warner and ProPublica's Abrahm Lustgarten fact checked a new set of ads sponsored by Coloradans for Responsible Energy Developments. The results of their analysis dealt a blow to oil and gas advocates.
Why Did The Cheetah Lick The GoPro Camera? We have for you an accidental, but absolutely amazing moment captured on camera that is sure to make you smile today
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
The Digital Life Discoveries of how technology and humans really interact are being made every day, leading one to the conclusion that it's not an unimaginable future -- and it may be the key to sustainable living on an increasingly overcrowded planet.
Shrimp Parasite Causing Mass Die-Off In Georgia, South Carolina As Black Gill Disease Spreads Georgia shrimpers have caught fewer than half the number they usually catch in August, September and October, said Patrick
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Protecting Rivers, Reducing Climate Vulnerability Climate change is water change. Learning from earlier flood disasters and preparing for climate change, governments, scientists and environmental organizations have started to remove levees and recreate floodplains on rivers such as the Rhine, the lower Yangtze and the lower Danube.
'Frack Check' Videos Blast Claims Made By Colorado Oil And Gas Industry Last year when Hickenlooper was invited to give the keynote address at The Atlantic's Next Generation Energy Forum, he vigorously
Squirrelus Interruptus What does it take to bring a nuclear weapons site to its knees? Read on ... Read more on Mother Nature Network
White Nose Syndrome, Bat-Killing Fungus, Is All But Invincible, Study Finds A map showing the spread of white-nose syndrome since 2006. (Image
Did Mayor Undermine Kauai Council's Legal Fight Against Biotech Giants? The \county attorney's office concludes that there are many legal challenges facing Bill 2491,\ writes Trask. He garnered
Huge Surf On North Shore Of Oahu Shows You Don't Have To Go To Nazar\u00e9 To See Nature's Fury A possibly 100-foot wave off Nazar\u00e9, Portugal made headlines on Monday when two Brazilian surfers squared off against the
Kittens And Puppies In Slow Motion Are Too Cute For Words (VIDEO) In what can only be described as a total coincidence with the previous statement, we happen to have for you -- wait for it
The Trail of the Whales We've nearly made it to the end of our journey. My toddler and I have been following the grey whale migration up the west coast of the Americas. I pieced the journey together using public transport, on a tight budget and tight schedule.
An Escape Goat Makes A Grand Getaway There's a whole wide-world out there, and this little goat cannot be contained. Watch him take a leap of faith out of his
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Brown University's Misguided Vote to Not Divest From Coal Today, on the anniversary of Hurricane Sandy, Brown University defied the will of its student body and its own investment advisory committee and voted not to divest from the 15 largest U.S. coal companies.
The War Against Wolves and Wildlife What is perhaps most disquieting about the photograph is the vigilante feel that echoes a lynch mob -- dehumanize, vilify, and murder. Wolves are now reviled and persecuted in a land where they once roamed wild and free prior to European colonization.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Chemically Sensitive Find Sanctuary In Fragrance-Free Churches Ohio State's Heimlich agreed that churches are key venues for environmental progress. \There are people out there who would
Dog Loses Leg But Not His Love For Life An Orange County based rescue, pulled Leo from the shelter and had their own veterinarian look at him, they realized the truth was much worse than a broken bone. Leo had been shot twice. The bone was shattered.
Giant, Floating Whale Carcass Could Attract Sharks Close To Hawaii Shore The 30-40 foot sperm whale carcass currently floating off Oahu's windward shore \kind of looked like Swiss cheese,\ according
'Crazy Ants' Spreading Throughout Gulf Coast, Defying Extermination \You almost have to see it to believe what a nuisance these can become,\ said Robert Puckett, an associate research scientist
Bulldogs Being Bulldogs Compilation Is Exactly What You Want It To Be Here is a compilation of not one, not two, not three, but thousands of bulldogs being adorable. Okay, maybe not thousands
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
In First Vote, Columbia College Students Back Fossil Fuel Divestment \We demand that Columbia and Barnard immediately freeze any new investment in the 200 publicly traded fossil fuel companies currently holding the vast majority of the world's proven coal, oil and gas reserves,\ the initiative read in part.
Natural Gas From Cows? Argentine Scientists Tap Methane In Bovine Burps By Maximiliano Rizzi The gases - which otherwise are commonly known as burps, or \eruptos\ in Spanish - are then processed
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Jellyfish Stings An Increasing Public Health Concern, Experts Say \In a lot of respects, issues of blooms are kind of irrelevant,\ said Condon. \We know we go through rise and fall periods
Long Island Pumpkin Snatcher On The Loose After Swiping 600 Gourds Late last month, the sleepy Long Island hamlet of Calverton was shaken by a most audacious crime
Actress Rachelle Lefevre Takes On Car Idlers, Pollution In Hilarious PSA From Mother Nature Network Guest Columnist Rachelle Lefevre
Australian Firefighter Captures Terrifying Video Of Bush Fire With Go-Pro Camera By attaching a portable Go-Pro camera to his helmet, firefighter Jonathan Mallin has recorded what it looks like for firefighters
Huge GMO News Nobody knows what's going to happen in Washington between now and November 5. But from Mexico, to Hawaii and to the 64 nations that already have GMO labeling, this tide just might be turning.
Little Platypus Loves Her Little Belly Rubbed What do you get when you cross a duck with an otter with food and a belly rub? One very blissed out little platypus! Via
Something To Keep In Mind Next Time You're Thinking About Ordering Crab Or Lobster Whenever I watch PETA videos, I try to imagine myself in the animal's shoes. I will make an exception this time because I
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Ubiquitous Plastics, Toxic Sponges Extraordinaire Sadly, my favorite lake in Switzerland Lake Geneva is also full of plastics. And last week scientists from the University
Feds and BP Clash Over Barrels Spilled at Macondo Trial At the Macondo spill trial, number crunching or quantification of the oil flow started Monday in U.S. District Court in New Orleans, with Judge Carl Barbier presiding. The U.S. is on one side with a figure of about 5 million barrels for the disaster that commenced in 2010, versus BP and Anadarko on the other with 3.26 million barrels.
8 Superlative Spiders Autumn brings changing leaves, Halloween ghouls and a burst of activity from one member of the natural world that leaves
Electric Car Charger Company, ECOtality, Goes Bankrupt, Stranding 13,000 Docking Stations From Mother Nature Network's Jim Motavalli
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Corporations Have Personhood. Why Not Dogs? (UPDATED) \We already knew that dogs were special,\ he said, adding that we know that they are \attuned to us,\ as well as being able
Kitten Stuck in a Drain Pipe for Nine Hours; Walks Away Unscathed It all started with a kitten's mews. It was 3:00 p.m. in August at the Westfield Promenade Mall in Woodland Hills, Calif. Summer shoppers were looking for deals, when a host from Margianno's, an Italian restaurant, heard the unmistakable sound of a kitten mewing.
India Must Rename Cyclone Phailin and Call Attention to Global Warming Bamboozled by the lure of technology, humans have become deeply amnesic. We forget a tragedy soon after the corporate media stops reporting on a particular catastrophe. In a globally warmed Earth, however, before amnesia sets in, the next assault arrives.
Breast Cancer And Dogs Mandi died less than a month later from a neuroendocrine carcinoma. Despite a prognosis of six months to a year, Storm went
The 10 Strangest Fall Traditions In The U.S. From AccuWeather's Kristen Rodman
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Little Ponies Horsing Around... Just A Little These foals belong to James, Jo, Amy, Jess and Rosie who run a family farm in the Buckinghamshire village of Aston Abbotts
Baby Elephant For Dinner? Seriously, is there ever a moment when a baby elephant isn't being the most adorable thing you have ever seen? Okay fine
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Shark Shield Offers Discount To Reunion Island Surfers Shark Shield shares her confidence. The company announced this week that it will give 30% off its Shark Shield Surf 7 device
BP's missteps delayed its 2010 spill response, trial witnesses say A top kill attempt, which involved pumping drilling mud to stop the well's flow, failed in late May 2010. A BOP is a safety
Nebraska Tornado May Have Been EF4, Weather Service Says \There are corn and soybean fields littered with debris all over the place from houses and buildings that were damaged,\ Fawl
Baby Otter Acts And Plays Just Like A Dog (VIDEO) Question
Disabled Kitten Uses Walker to Take First Steps It was unsure if Thumper, a white kitten with black spots, would ever walk, but once he took his first step, there wasn't a dry eye in the room.
Kids Push Merry-Go-Round To Generate Electricity For Night Study In Ghana Ben Markham, who developed the merry-go-round for Empower, estimated in the Fast Company story that healthy 8- to 12 -year
Bear Breaks Into Home In Russia, Eats Borscht Soup Before Residents Call Police (PHOTOS) As RIA Novosti notes, the couple called the manager of the community who then notified police around 1 a.m. The borscht-eating
Tiger Attack At Oklahoma Zoo Leaves Worker Injured After She Sticks Her Arm Inside Cage The zoo worker, whose name has not been released, was air evacuated to a local hospital for treatment. Local NBC affiliate
Steal This Democracy America's best idea is in trouble -- but I don't mean our national parks. Yes, the parks are closed, which is inexcusable. But what's really under attack is something even older than our national park system
Greenpeace Stages Vigils For Activists Held In Russia On Piracy Charges A court in Russia's northwestern region of Murmansk has since charged all crew members -- who come from 18 countries including
9 Refreshing Uses For Hydrogen Peroxide From Networx's Katie Marks
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Possible Eco-Terrorists Attack Genetically Modified Papayas On The Big Island Acts of eco-terrorism aren't unique to genetically modified papayas. Activists have taken weed-whackers to drought-resistant
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Baby Elephant Discovering His Own Trunk And Feet Is Just Precious This baby elephant trying to understand his own trunk and feet was caught on camera in South Africa, and it will make your
14 Unexpected Uses For Salt From Networx's Katie Marx
Puppies Experiencing Fall For The First Time Will Make Your Heart Explode Puppies and pumpkins, puppies and pumpkins! It's too much for our hearts to handle! Dogs everywhere are loving fall, but
National Geographic Celebrates 125 Years Of Photographs With The Magazine's Most Iconic Images Steve McCurry\u2019s iconic photograph of a young Afghan girl in a Pakistan refugee camp appeared on the cover of National Geographic
Can Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal Make the Big Oil Lawsuit Go Away? Last week, Garret Graves, speaking for Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, told the nominating committee for the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East that the Governor would refuse to approve the reappointment of John Barry and Tim Doody.
Dead Fish From Molasses Spill Will Be Turned Into Fertilizer When life gives you lemons, make lemonade, and when it gives you 26,000 dead fish, make fertilizer. The fish victims of the
This Cat Was Saved From The Brink Of Death Once the cat was out of surgery, she was still not in the clear. She was in horrible pain and the shelter could not afford the pain medication. They had done all they could for her, but the shelter was left with one final decision. They were going to euthanize Miss Renata.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Where Are We Going to Get New Energy? Whatever your opinion on climate change, we still need a new energy economy.
Keystone XL Pipeline Protesters To Obama \I'm here because I've been standing up to the pipeline, standing up to this great criminal enterprise, which it definitely
Women's Leadership Will Strengthen Climate Action Women are more vulnerable to climate impacts due to their unequal position in society. But with their unique knowledge and perspectives, women hold the keys to adaptation strategies and are critical to implementing mitigation plans at the grassroots level.
Time to Draw the Line Some great things have happened since that freezing day last February when I marched to the Forward on Climate rally in Washington, D.C., with 50,000 of my closest friends. Looking back, it did feel like the start of something big.
Hundreds of Events \Draw the Line\ Against Keystone XL & Tar Sands At over 200 events today -- from Alaska to Nebraska -- people are \Drawing the Line\ against the Keystone XL pipeline, tar sands and other dirty energy projects. The day's events are being coordinated by the climate campaign 350.org with help from scores of partners.
What It's Like To Live Near A Shit-Processing Facility BARSTOW, CA -- I was in the middle of the Mojave Desert on my way home to Venice Beach after finishing NSFWCORP's grueling
15 Things We Wish We Could Strap A GoPro To Shakira's Hips McKayla Maroney Hunter S. Thompson Miley\u2019s Wrecking Ball Michael Jordan, Circa 1987 This Guy Blue Ivy Carter
Squeaky Toy Plus Pug Equals Tongue (VIDEO) Which came first the squeaky toy or the tongue? Will we ever know the answer to this age-old riddle? Yes, probably. Thank
California Fracking Bill Signed Into Law By Governor Jerry Brown But environmentalists across the nation have decried the practice, saying that the chemicals used in the process pollute
'Lucky' The Wallaby Saved From Creek By Recent CPR Trainee Would you perform CPR on a wallaby? One Australian man was able to utilize his newly-learned rescue skills on a very unlikely
First Day Of Fall 2013 It's a time to reflect, and settle in to a new post-summer groove. And some stellar food. Because there's nothing better
9 Great Public Transit Options For Sightseeing Travel purists usually shy away from tour buses. Read more on Mother Nature Network
Puppy Family Photo Proves What Unites Us Is Cuter Than What Divides Us I don't know about you, but I only spot nine. Maybe there was just too much cuteness to be contained in one picture? Even
This Adorable Labrador Retriever Loves Life Despite His Worsening Illness Elvis will go blind. It might not be today or a year from now, or even five years from now, but it cannot be stopped. He has a genetic disease that causes blindness called progressive retinal atrophy.
Bald Eagle Conservation Is An Amazing Success Story As Birds Thrive In Chesapeake Bay From Mother Nature Network's Jaymi Heimbuch
Honolulu Molasses Spill Highlights Lack Of Regulation On Saturday, a gaggle of cameramen and reporters boarded a tug boat at Pier 9 behind Aloha Tower to go on a tour of what's
No Major U.S. Hurricane Has Hit Since 2005. Why? Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast
Landmark Majuro Declaration Could Determine Our Children's Future (Video) During the Pacific Island Forum, Australia, New Zealand and 13 Heads of State from other Pacific nations made a landmark declaration -- calling for the full phase-out of greenhouse gas pollution, acknowledging that current efforts to tackle climate change are insufficient.
E-Collar Alternatives But let\u2019s say you have a pet who performs one of the following tricks when he\u2019s sporting an E-collar
Time-Lapse Video Of Mount Diablo Morgan Fire Is Unbelievable This six-second time-lapse video summarizes three hours of a six-day fire on the Norther California's Mount Diablo, and shows
Colorado Flooding Considering that this flood event occurred in the backyard of some of the world's top climate researchers, it is likely that
Microgrids In NYC & Conn. -- A New Kind Of Power Struggle With the ravages and power outages of hurricanes Irene and Sandy seared in recent memory, soon, a public school, a small
The Most Important Climate Pacts You've Never Heard Of According to Zaelke\u2019s group, a phase down of HFCs under the Montreal Protocol could prevent the equivalent of up to 8.8 billion
Molasses Spill Causing Coral Reef Death Robert Richmond, University of Hawaii marine biology professor and director of Kewalo Marine Laboratory, told reporters that
Tar Sands and Dirty Tricks The New Yorker's statement that \climate change could become uncontainable,\ unfortunately, is not science fiction. If we are so foolish as to burn all fossil fuels, including all coal and unconventional fuels, that result is nearly certain.
Obama's Keystone XL Trade-Off Feeling the pressure from protest against the Keystone XL, Obama pulled a fast one
Dogs Help Military Veterans Cope With Civilian Life The \Bark Business Breakfast\ tour had an event in Chicago on Saturday, and so far has raised nearly $100,000. Among the
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
GMOs Are Tearing Tropical Paradise Apart According to state pesticide records, 18 tons of 22 Restricted Use Pesticides (RUPs \u2013 pesticides that require special permits
Lightning Time-Lapse Video Filmed In Washington State Is Incredibly Mesmerizing (Hat tip, Hypervocal) Skunk Bay Weather does just that. In a lightning time-lapse video, the Vimeo user illustrates the stunning
Token Adams, Missing New Mexico Firefighter, Found Dead In Santa Fe National Forest's Stable Mesa Area By Zelie Pollon The body of Token Adams, 41, was located by a Native American search team in an area of the forest called
2013 Atlantic Hurricane Season Off To A Slow Start, Despite Forecasts MIAMI, Sept 7 (Reuters) - The 2013 Atlantic hurricane season, which forecasters had predicted would be more active than normal
Dog Thrown From Moving Car, Breaks Back -- But Not Spirit Frogger got his name because of how he was found. Frogger, a sweet dog, was driving with his owner, when suddenly he was thrown from a moving car. Frogger just barely missing traffic, curled into a ball -- scared, alone, and severely injured.
Sheepish Teacher Shows Young Bull How To Do Bull Stuff (VIDEO) One fine day on the island of Terceira in the Azores archipelago, a wee li'l sheep got a li'l bossy with a young li'l bull
6,376 Acres Of Sierra Wilderness Saved In Landmark Deal In a deal struck between conservationists and a timber company after more than a decade of development warring, thousands
This Sweet Cat Was Rescued From A Hoarder Nightmare Once Garbo was rescued from the hoarding situation by Cat Connection, it was only then did anyone realize how much pain she must have been in. Garbo refused to eat. She was starving herself and no one knew why.
Famous U.S. Animals To Honor On Labor Day List and captions courtesy of Vetstreet
'Stop Wildlife Crime,' World Wildlife Fund Web Series, Highlights Global Poaching Crisis (VIDEO) A new online video series from the World Wildlife Fund explores wildlife crime and the global poaching crisis that's devastating
5 National Park Sites to See Over Labor Day (PHOTOS) On Sunday, the 32nd Annual Sand Sculpture Contest at Drakes Beach will award prizes in several different categories, including
Photo Of Rescued Kittens Captures Cats In Adorable 'Hip Hip, Hooray' Pose These kittens just can't contain their excitement after being rescued. Check out the happy kitties below stretching in what
Working on a Dream This Labor Day, the Sierra Club joins in celebrating working people everywhere. If we want to help working families, protect our air and water, and achieve justice for all Americans, we must first defend our democracy.
Meatless Monday He's had good insider info about plant-based nutrition via his father Caldwell Esselstyn, the heart surgeon advocating a
A Bet On The Environment Just after his sophomore year at Yale in 2002, Billy Parish stood before a rapidly retreating glacier in India that feeds
Island Nations Lead Where All Must Follow in a Looming Climate Crisis Whether the people of the Marshall Islands and many other Small Island States will ultimately be forced by climate change to leave their homes in search of higher and safer ground, depends largely on the actions we take -- the decisions that governments make -- in the next few years.
Protecting Dolphins Those that stand-up for nature and the rights of sealife are intrepid and indeed worthy of praise. Those, on the other hand
Rim Fire Development Held Back In Yosemite By California Firefighters Among the landmarks potentially in the path of the blaze are two groves of the park's famed sequoia trees. The fire sent
Fukushima's Radioactive Plume Could Reach U.S. Waters By 2014 Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast
Mind The Carbon Gap Carbon gaps\u00a0are the difference between a country\u2019s extraction, production, and consumption of fossil fuels. Read more on
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Elephant Attacks Car During A Safari (VIDEO) This ... is a nightmare. Imagine filming a pack of elephants from afar, then suddenly seeing one charge toward your vehicle
Animal Myths What exactly is in a camel's hump? And are bats really blind? It's time to find out and test your animal knowledge! Read
Why Are Panda Babies So Small? Panda Researcher Fingers Bamboo (UPDATED) Itty bittiness is \definitely a result of evolution of millions of years,\ Wang recently told The Huffington Post. \It is
Climate Change Could Turn Greenland, Well, Green From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Keevan Dinkel, Alaska Boy, Wins Annual Cabbage Contest PALMER, Alaska (Reuters) - A 10-year-old boy has won Alaska's annual giant cabbage contest, submitting a 92.3-pound (41.9
Louisiana gives the green light to a publicly opposed coal terminal DNR said public comments on the terminal from two hearings in August and a recent notice period raised concerns about air
National Zoo's Panda Baby Gets First Checkup (PHOTOS) We could not be more in love with the National Zoo's new panda baby, born to mother Mei Xiang on Friday afternoon. Zookeepers
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Jub Jub The Dog Could Be The Most Adorable, Hilarious St. Bernard On Instagram (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Also, Jub Jub loves Beethoven (the movie, not the composer). Basically, Jub Jub is one of the happiest pooches we've ever
Sweet Dogs Dumped at the Shelter Almost Run Out of Time Maisy and Bear have always been together even when they were dumped off at the shelter. Bear has been like a big brother for Maisy, looking out for her. Maisy and Bear spent most of their life severely neglected. Unfortunately for Maisy and Bear, their time was running out at the shelter.
U.S. Wild Pig Problem Irks State Officials They are vicious critters that typically grow to 200 pounds, can run 30 miles per hour, jump three feet high and climb out
Saving Rhinos Anti-poaching units that protect the world's remaining rhinos often spend 20 to 25 days at a time in the bush, return briefly to restock their supplies, then head back out, year-round.
9 Inspiring Animals That Use Prosthetics Prosthetics have changed the lives of disabled and handicapped people since the Egyptians first pioneered the idea, but only
Why Plastic Bag Bans Are Being Fought By The Recycling Industry Recycling the bags can prove difficult, even for the industry itself. Plastic bags are typically placed in recycling bins
This Beautiful Cat Cheated Death, Against All The Odds Now, Demetri is alive and well. He gets along with other cats, enjoys being petted and loves attention. He is the ideal and perfect pet. Demetri's light shines through, and now he's looking for the perfect forever home.
Where Did All the Farmers Go? Sometimes you get a confluence of things you read that give you a new insight into the way things work.
Major Airline Climate Decision Flying Under the Radar If the aviation sector were a country, they would be the seventh largest climate polluter in the world.
Eastern Black Rhino, Endangered Species, Born At Zoo Atlanta (PHOTO) \Not only is this a first for Zoo Atlanta, going all the way back to our founding in 1889, but this is a critically endangered
Public opposition to Plaquemines Parish coal terminals grows \RAM must first obtain a Coastal Use Permit from the state and a 404 Permit from the Army Corps before they may begin construction
Milk Carton Projects The best part of making cool stuff from milk jugs is that you don't have to pay for them. I mean, they're trash! But when
Fracking Protest In England Reflects Public Outcry Against Cuadrilla Resources Drilling By Sarah Young Prime Minister David Cameron has been unequivocal in his support for fracking as a way to create jobs and
Rosanna Davison's PETA Ad Is Hot ... Like A Chili Pepper (NSFW PHOTO) Take a look at the NSFW ad below
Activists Raise A Stink Over Massive Gowanus Canal Development You\u2019d think that directly along the banks of one of the country\u2019s most \extensively contaminated\ waterways -- Read more
American Military, Wildlife Finally Learning To Coexist From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Energy Prices Shock Hawaii Farmers Into Alternatives - Honolulu Civil Beat HAMAKUA, BIG ISLAND \u2014 Lush green fields rise and dip through the rolling hills that stretch down to the deep blue of the
Ecuador President Rafael Correa The case is still alive and Correa says the company has spent $400 million and hired an army of hundreds of lawyers to discredit
Culinary Pet Names More on Vetstreet
How Does A Dog See The World? Not much gets past a dog's nose, but what about those eyes? Read more on Mother Nature Network
Georgia Aquarium's Beluga Request Rejected By U.S., Drawing Praise From Animal Advocates From Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon
Malnourished English Bulldog Dumped On The Street After Giving Birth [VIDEO] It is hard to believe that someone would abandon Rosebud. Rosebud, an English Bulldog who loves sloppy kisses and belly rubs, was tossed on the streets by her previous owner. She lived in a kennel her whole life as a breeding dog used to breed English Bulldog puppies.
A Texan Tragedy Fracking boom sucks away precious water from beneath the ground, leaving cattle dead, farms bone-dry and people thirsty. Read
Watch This Deep-Sea Crab Get An Icy Surprise Email Becky Oskin or follow her @beckyoskin. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.com
China's Pollution Crisis To Be Tackled Head On With More Cash Smog over northern cities in January generated a public outcry, as did the discovery in March of thousands of rotting pig
Oil, Gas Officials Seek To Change Tone Of Fracking Debate Stead offered reaching for the opportunities will be difficult for an industry constantly on the defense. ___ As industry
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
This Hedgehog Cleaning Her Feet Could Be The Most Adorable Thing You've Ever Seen (VIDEO) Hedgehogs are adorable little creatures, there's no doubt about it. But apparently, they're some of the cutest self-groomers
Underwater Heatwave Sending Fish, Sea Critters Fleeing For The Poles Marine life has shifted northward by up to 1,000 miles, according to a new study. The culprit? What else but climate change
Rooftop Gardens On Buses Makes Total Sense, And Here's Why Here, here. But the landscaper isn't naive. He knows that a similar concept, Bio Bus, has failed to catch on. Still, he's
Photographer Captures Waves of Trash in Indonesia \u201cIt was crazy. I kept seeing noodle packets floating next to me,\u201d Noyle told GrindTV. \u201cIt was very disgusting to be in there
VIDEO The Weather Channel meteorologist Mark Elliot says using a fan in your house when the AC goes out may not be the best idea
Chevron Refinery Protest In California Sees Over 200 Arrests The protest came a day after the city of Richmond filed suit against Chevron over a pipeline rupture and fire that sent a
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Overbred German Shepherd Survives Breast Cancer (VIDEO) Once the Veterinarian diagnosed Dora with breast cancer and she could not longer breed puppies, her owner deemed her useless. The veterinarian saw Dora in high spirits despite her poor health, and refused to euthanize her.
Przewalski's Horse Foal Born By Artificial Insemination There are now about 500 wild Przewalski's horses on Earth, all carrying the genes of those original 14 founders. Another
Protecting What We're Afraid Of Sharks have much more to fear from humans than we do of sharks.
How To Regrow Food From Scraps Don't toss those old potatoes or celery scraps. Put them to work and grow a kitchen garden from leftover bits and pieces
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Poacher Hell If there's any species that can be described as on the brink, it's the black rhino. Read more on weather.com
This Bison Really, Really Loves Carrots (PHOTO) CLARIFICATION
Lead Paint Makers Could Face The Same Fate As Big Tobacco And critics suggest that lead paint makers and tobacco companies have used similar tactics when faced with growing evidence
John Hammack Killed While Battling Oregon Wildfire, Another Firefighter Injured In neighboring Washington state, more than 2,100 firefighters were making steady progress against a pair of blazes that have
Warning Last winter, researchers at the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR) discovered that moose in the far north state
Shark Cull Announced By France Follows Second Fatal Attack Off R\u00e9union Island This Year In one particularly dramatic attack last year, a shark grabbed a well-known champion surfer by the legs and stood him up
Why Does Your Dog Cock Its Head? Is Head-Tilting a Sign of Intelligence? Or Something Else? Or is she? What\u2019s really happening when your dog tilts her head
Climate Change This Week \u263c\u263c Climate Central \u263c\u263c Climate Desk OO How Maryland's New Climate Plan Could Actually Lower Energy Costs \u263c\u263c\u263cActing Like You
Let Us Now Sing About the Warmed Earth You would think it would be logical to scrap the mega extraction projects if we are sincere about solving the climate crisis. It would indeed be, if we were living in a decent society. But instead, we're living in a dystopian one.
Obama Questions Keystone XL Pipeline Job Projections TransCanada Corp's proposed pipeline is designed to carry 830,000 barrels of crude oil per day from the Canadian oil sands
Cat With Duck Will Make You Miss Your Childhood Stuffed Animal (PHOTO) There are very few things in life as comforting as your childhood stuffed animal, as this cat clearly knows. According to
Public Slaughter The truth about dolphins. Read more on Brink
The World Snail Racing Championship Happened, And We Have A Winner (VIDEO) Get ready, get set ... go? The World Snail Racing Championships were held in Norfolk, England last weekend and the results
WATCH Freedom was something two Beagles named Abe and Davey had never known. They had lived their whole lives in a cage. Born to a breeder and sold to a laboratory when they were just puppies, they were used for toxicity testing where tubes were shoved down their throats against their will.
How One Family Went From SeaWorld Fans To Foes In A Single Show Last Saturday, when Carlo De Leonibus and his wife took their daughter, Cat, to SeaWorld Orlando for her 11th birthday, they
Colony Collapse Disorder \u201cThe pesticide issue in itself is much more complex than we have [been] led to believe,\u201d the study\u2019s lead author, Dennis
Orphan Fruit Bat Babies May Make You Rethink Everything You Ever Felt About The Species (VIDEO) From the YouTube description
Don't Be Afraid To Adopt An Older Dog, Says Photographer The hardest part of loving a pet is having to say goodbye. Read more on Mother Nature Network
Carbon Dioxide Power Plants From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Kemosabe The Chatty Porcupine Eats a Banana (VIDEO) Kemosabe is an adorable porcupine currently residing at the Animal Wonders center in Missoula, Montana. Based on his appearance
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Birdsong App Called Chirp! Angers Conservationists One Chirp! app user summed it up nicely
The Most Painful Insect Stings - Weather.com As you take advantage of the outdoors during the heat of summer, you probably don't have to spend too much time worrying
Michael Levi Talks Fracking, Clean Energy And More At Aspen Ideas Festival (VIDEO) Levi sat down with HuffPost's Daniel Koh earlier this month to delve into America's energy future, including the debate surrounding
Honeycomb-Inspired Modular Furniture For Ever-Changing Homes An intriguing antidote to shoddily manufactured and toxin-emitting home furnishings, multifunctional BUILD modules can be
How To Survive A Lightning Strike Russ Chapman was walking across a parking lot in 1999 in Littleton, Colo., when lightning struck nearby, knocking him to
Polydactyl Cats If the word \polydactyl\ sounds like Greek to you, that\u2019s because it is \u2014 the Greek root poly means \many\ and daktylos means
Sea Slugs Alexander Semenov dives deep into the freezing waters of the White Sea to capture the beauty of Arctic sea slugs crawling
Northeast Heat Wave New York's power grid broke its 2006 record for peak power usage as people across the state cranked up the A.C., reaching
Palo Verde Beetles, Huge Horny Bugs, Descend On Arizona Looking For Love (VIDEO) \People in Arizona are used to the scorpions, the little American roaches, but with the 4-inch palo verde they call and say
Newborn Puppy Photos From Their First Three Weeks Of Life All of the puppies were photographed by Traer Scott and compiled in the book Newborn Puppies
Bald Eagle Flies Above The Water At Bullards Bar (PHOTO) Click here to find out how you can help the bald eagle continue to thrive. Here's a wildlife picture that might make you
June 2013 Temperatures Continue String Of 340 Consecutive Warmer-Than-Average Months From Climate Central's Andrew Freedman
These Animal 'Selfies' Prove That Cats, Dogs And Sloths Take The Best Self-Portraits (PHOTOS) Pets may not have Facebook or Instagram accounts -- well, some of them do -- but they sure can take great animal selfies
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Micro Pig Enjoys Having A Tummy Rub (VIDEO) It may be impossible not to squeal with delight while watching this adorable micro pig getting a belly rub in the video above
Ryan Gosling Urges End To Gestation Crates For Pigs Ryan Gosling has written a new article calling on Canada\u2019s National Farm Animal Care Council to improve the living conditions
'Brink,' Weather Channel Series, Features Activists Fighting To Save Endangered Species From Mother Nature Network's Gerri Miller
Blind Dog, Discarded By Owners, Finds New Home It is a miracle that a car didn't hit Jake, a young Chihuahua-Papillion mix. You see, Jake was born blind. His chances of survival on the streets were slim to none. Lucky for Jake, he was able to find his way out of the shelter and into a forever home.
Lighting Strikes Power Lines Right Outside Home, Freaks Videographer Out One stay-at-home storm chaser got quite the shock while filming a thunderstorm from inside their home. In this breathtaking
U.S. Wildfire Interactive Shows Rising Temperatures, Less Snowfall Are Leading To More Fires Spring warming in New Mexico is among the top three fastest in the country. In the past decade, many more wildfires burned
Alpacas Find New Dust Bath And Jump For Joy (VIDEO) Dust baths to alpacas are apparently like corgis to Buzzfeed employees -- the joy is simply incomparable. This charming video
Sea Level Rise Study Shows Each Degree Of Warming Could Bring 2.3 Meter Shift \Continuous sea-level rise is something we cannot avoid unless global temperatures go down again,\ Levermann said. \Our results
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
BP Oil Spill Claims Climb As They Head To Appeals Court It has $1.7 billion left in the $20 billion pot it has set aside for paying these and other costs. After that is gone, BP
How to Talk to Your Parents About Climate Change Most of us don't have millions of dollars to go toe-to-toe with the disinformation campaign being waged by the oil and gas industry. But most of us do have living parents. So let's talk to them about climate change. Because if we can't convince the people who love us more than anything in the world to take action on climate, who can we convince?
VIDEO The Weather Channel severe weather expert Dr. Greg Forbes explains why parts of New Mexico brought out the snow plows to
Overbred And Abandoned Taiwanese German Shepherd Finds A Home In America [VIDEO] Westside German Shepherd not only found a loving home for Dilila, but it was one amongst their own fosters. Alan took one look at Dilila and knew he wanted her.  In this true perfect ending, Dilila may have lost a good friend, but she gained a family.
10 Close Shark Encounters That Will Have You On The Edge Of Your Seat (VIDEO) Shark attacks are no laughing matter, and close shark encounters can strike fear into the heart of any beachgoer. Great white
What Obama Said For those optimists among us who want to believe President Obama is finally ready to tackle the climate issue, it sounded as though some very important precedents might be taking shape in the White House.
Climate Change Through Sound While scientists and activists have tried a number of ways to relay the magnitude of the climate situation, charts and statistics
Arizona Wildfire Nearly Contained, As Nevada Blaze Flares Up \We had a really good day yesterday and things are in place ... to have good success today,\ deputy incident commander Jerome
World Orangutan Day As one of the people supporting the inaugural launch of World Orangutan Day, we're billing it as one of the biggest events ever for orangutans. The event was conceived as a means to show our gratitude and support to the men and women who work tirelessly at their rescue and conservation.
Baby Sloth Eating Breakfast At Minnesota Zoo Will Make Your Day (VIDEO) There really isn't anything better for your morning than a baby sloth. In this adorable video, a mom and her newborn are
Inspiring Wildlife Conservation With Photography Photography is one of the best ways to connect people with the natural world, both for the photographer as well for those who are inspired by stunning images. Photography can inspire a love of wildlife and desire to protect it.
Night Parrot, Nocturnal Bird In Australia, Seen Alive For First Time In Over A Century \I couldn't get over it,\ he said. SYDNEY, July 5 (Reuters) - A nocturnal Australian parrot that hops like a kangaroo and
Last Stop -- The Grand Canyon Shouldn't the Grand Canyon be considered sacred by all Americans? Do we want to risk contaminating it for what amounts to forever -- just so mining companies can profit from high uranium prices?
American Animals Also on Vetstreet
Green Inventions The simple things in life can also be some of the greenest. Biking to work slashes overall carbon emissions when compared
Worst Invasive Species They're often the most ubiquitous examples of man's failure against nature. These creatures spread quickly, resist any attempt
Cat Yoga The photo below was uploaded by a Reddit user who said their friend left her cat alone with yoga equipment. When she came
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Madagascar Giant Tortoises, Now Extinct, Could Be Replaced With New, Imported Species To help the Aldabra giant tortoises take over for their extinct kin, Pedrono's team plans to move 300 young tortoises to
In the Shit With Thoreau Reading Walden through Anthropocene eyes, insight and appreciation of nature seem to emerge from, even require, rupture and profanation.  Maybe these are unavoidable parts of an appreciative relation to the world.  Maybe the imperfect has always been our only paradise.
Arizona Wildfire Prompts Evacuation Of 50 Homes; 19 Firefighters Dead [UPDATED] Mike Reichling told the Arizona Republic (http://bit.ly/158NjWp) that 20 firefighters were involved in a \serious incident
Deathly Ill Kitten Makes Full Recovery [VIDEO] Susie was one of the lucky ones. She recovered from the distemper, although her upper respiratory infection will always affect her sinuses, making her congested and weepy.
Baby Gorilla Twins Have An Adorable Playdate In Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park (VIDEO) Baby animals sure know how to have a good time, and these adorable gorilla twins could be the cutest playmates ever. The
The Underbelly of Rodeos Groups lik Showing Animals Respect and Kindness have used social media to such a great degree that it is hard to refute egregious acts of animal exploitation and abuse. As the 2013 rodeo season gets well under way, we can expect to see more evidence that the animals suffer enormously for the jeering crowds.
Carbon Pricing Proves a Success in Australia, but Conservatives Pledge to Kill It One year ago today, Australia joined a rapidly growing list of nations in putting a price on carbon. It was a historic day for climate action down under, but it is possible that this infant policy may not get a second birthday.
Urban Backyards From Networx's Steve Graham
Dozens Hospitalized As U.S. West Bakes June 29 (Reuters) - More than 170 people were treated for heat-related ailments and some towns and cities took emergency
Time Is Ticking For Obama's Climate Agenda As President Obama reboots his campaign against climate change, his most formidable obstacle is no longer the coal industry
What the Heck Is That? Animals You Didn't Know Existed What has 11 appendages coming out of its nose?\u00a0 What creature has eyes larger than its brain?\u00a0 Can you believe there's an
Utah Tar Sands That argument would be in line with U.S. clean water policy, which assumes that water deep underground will never be used
Reef Ball Green Burial System Could Help Restore Damaged Ecosystems (PHOTOS) From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
NRDC Beach Report Highlights 11 'Repeat Offenders' For Water Contamination (PHOTOS) American beaches were closed for a combined 20,120 days last year, and the Great Lakes region was the worst offender overall
10 Of The Oddest Marine Animals Earth's waters are home to some of the strangest aquatic creatures, like the scale-less mandarinfish shown here that oozes
Micro Plastics Used In Personal Grooming Products Harming The Great Lakes, Researchers Say During this summer's follow-up studies in lakes Erie, Michigan and Ontario, along with the Saint Lawrence River, Mason and
Right-Wing, Left-Wing, We All Like Utility Bill Savings Most of us have heard the adage, \u201cit\u2019s not polite to bring up religion or politics at a party.\u201d Read more on Earth Techling
Volvo's Electric Road Could Power Future Generations Of Green Vehicles (PHOTO) From EarthTechling's Nino Marchetti
Malaysia's Air Pollution Calls For State Of Emergency As Indonesia Continues Smoking \Prime Minister Najib Razak has agreed to declare emergency status in Muar and Ledang with immediate effect,\ Malaysian Natural
Poodle Cat As the team noted in the study, the breed arose from a spontaneous genetic mutation, which makes the curly hair a dominant
Kirkenes, Norway May Be Getting Closer To Asia Thanks To Melting Ice, Climate Change This entry has expired
Spicebush Swallowtail Larvae May Be The Coolest Bugs Ever (PHOTO) Does this picture bring back memories from your card-trading days? Let us know in the comments below! Although these little
Baby Ostrich Video Shows Bird Fighting Sleep Ostriches don't make for good pets, but millions of barnyard animals are looking for loving homes. If you're searching for
40 Beagles Rescued From A Testing Lab In Spain Come To America 40 beagles born into a life of lab testing in Spain found themselves homeless and in jeopardy of being euthanized. There were two options
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Dog Buries Dead Puppy In Astounding Act Of Mourning (VIDEO) In this heart-wrenching video posted on YouTube Sunday, a dog buries a dead puppy. Using its nose, the dog slowly covers
Uses For Dental Floss From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
What Are You Bringing to New York Energy Week? The industry has too long been defined by a mindset that doesn't allow for creative cross-fertilization of ideas and best practices, a mindset that includes a manifesto of reliability built for an economic model of scale and centralization that is quickly passing out of relevance.
'Rogue' Elephants In Kenya Moved To Meru National Park (PHOTOS) Wildlife officials are in the process of translocating 15 \rogue\ elephants between protected breeding grounds in Kenya this
Sherwin Smith, Tennessee Official, Says Water Quality Complaints Could Be 'Act Of Terrorism' (AUDIO) \You need to make sure that when you make water quality complaints you have basis,\ Smith said, according to audio obtained
Discovering A Whole New Universe In The Soil When Dr. Diana Wall flew to the Antarctic to study soil life, she wasn't sure what to expect. Read more on Mother Nature
Internet Energy Efficiency The thing is, hardly any manufacturers are currently stepping up to the plate to address the inherently energy-draining nature
Cat Health Problems Pet Owners Often Overlook (PHOTOS) Also on Vetstreet
Gina The Doberman's Amazing Litter Of 13 Puppies (PHOTOS) A two-year-old Doberman recently gave birth to an incredible litter of 13. Gina was only expected to birth half a dozen puppies
President Obama We've heard President Obama speak of the obligation we hold to future generations, to address the causes of climate change, and we know that as a dad, he was thinking of his own children as well.  He has the chance to help protect all of our kids right now.
Animal Fathers Some animal fathers out there give dads a bad rap. Polar bears aren't terribly cuddly with their young and have been known
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Louisiana's Pointe-au-Chien Tribe Struggles to Preserve Its Way of Life Dardar suspects BP oil and dispersants have taken a toll on seafood. \Tests were done on our seafood in 2010 and the results
Solar Impulse Plane Lands At Washington Dulles International Airport After Flight From St. Louis \It proves the reliability and potential of clean technologies, and this is crucial in pushing our message forward,\ Swiss
Suffering And Neglected Who says only cats have nine lives? Molly, a yellow Labrador Retriever who has lived through the worst, will tell you otherwise.
8 Poisonous Foods We Commonly Eat One of the great perks of being around during this phase of human history is that we seem to have a relatively good understanding
Ethan Hawke, 'The Purge' Actor, Talks Environmental Activism From Mother Nature Network's Michael d'Estries
Southern Tamandua Born At Buffalo Zoo (PHOTOS) Otis was born on April 7 to parents Olive and Brutus, who were imported to the zoo last August as part of a program to expand
CAPTION THIS We've all been caught with our hand in the cookie jar, so to speak. But that magical facial response produced at the exact
Climate Change This Week OO Corporate Sustainability Spending Increase Not Enough To Create Sustainable Businesses  \u263c\u263c\u263c OO California Tops
Whale Resembles Alien Creature While Feeding On School Of Fish (PHOTOS) The Bryde's whale has between 40 and 70 pleats on its throat which expand while feeding, according to the Whale and Dolphin
Supermarket Without Bees (h/t Grist) Have apples, carrots, lemons or watermelon on your grocery list? Bad news -- without bees, these foods could
Puppy vs. Kiddie Pool There are a lot of cats and dogs out there that love anything to do with water. Take this puppy for instance. She's more
Baby Gorilla Yawns After Charming Caretakers At Columbus Zoo (PHOTOS) He's pretty cute, and the zoo recently released this darling image of him yawning. The little guy, who's technically a Western
Hula Painted Frog, Newly Rediscovered Species In Israel, Reclassified Into 'Extinct' Genus \Imagine that somewhere in north east Asia someone discovered a local species of elephants that was not known to science
Jellyfish Cover Beach In Merseyside, England (PHOTO) Regardless of whether or not this year is an anomaly, the increase in jellyfish is threatening marine biodiversity and summer
Climate Change And The Nile Experts have struggled to predict how individual rivers will react because that requires an understanding of flows in each
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
Public, private funds revive 1940s-era recreation center in New Orleans Three activity rooms, used by YALA and others this summer, are lined up in a hall behind the main desk. They were full of
Bye-Bye, Martha Stewart Finally, this year rolls around. On the days that it's been warm and sunny, I've finally started enjoying my garden furniture
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week This week brought several big headlines in extreme weather news
Two Iowa Energy Headlines That Say a Lot About the Electricity Market and Policy Changes \We opted for what was in the best interest of our customers,\ MidAmerican vice president for regulatory affairs Dean Crist
National Elephant Center In Central Florida To House Dozens Of Retired Animals (VIDEO) Asian elephants are currently listed as endangered and African elephants are considered vulnerable. Demand for elephant ivory
On the Trail of the Whales I'm enjoying a seabirds' eye view of pure blue. Ocean and sky are in a gentle mood. The salty breeze whispers of wilder winds far off, as I gaze at a shimmering circle through the binoculars. I'm scanning the world for whales.
Abandoned Dog, Born With Genetic Defects, Finds The Perfect Home Linda was told that a one-year-old blind, deaf and albino Chiweenie (Chihuahua & Dachshund mix) was about to be dumped on the street if someone didn't pick her up immediately. Instead of finding a shy, shaking, fearful dog, the dog turned out to be the opposite.
2013 National Geographic Traveler Photo Contest Receives Stunning Entries Entries for the 25th annual National Geographic Traveler photo contest have started to flood in, and as expected, many of
PHOTO Aye-ayes are a type of lemur only found in Madagascar and are actually related to chimpanzees and humans, according to National
'Coal 101,' Sierra Club Video, Targets Controversial Energy Source The Sierra Club has released a startling video to raise awareness about the effects of coal on both human health and the
Sloth Images Feature Photogenic Creatures Rescued After Home Destroyed In Suriname (PHOTO, VIDEO) Take a look at an this awesome video of a baby sloth activist and some more shots from the organization's visit below. Conservation
Celebrate World Oceans Day The ocean is indispensable to life itself.  It is the largest habitat for living things in our solar system and sustains our lives with over 50 percent of the earth's oxygen. For World Ocean Day we encourage you to find a way to celebrate the gifts the ocean has brought to your life.
Belinda Carlisle On PETA Ad With Go-Go's Bandmates Before the gals kick off their summer 2013 tour, we chatted with vegetarian frontwoman Belinda Carlisle about her passion
Use Old Spices Around The House To Avoid Waste (PHOTOS) From Earth911's Kathryn Sukalich
Is Waste-Free Packaging On The Horizon? Each year, we throw away over 70 million tons of packaging waste, which takes up a significant chunk of landfill space. Read
Giant Panda Camera Trap Captures Elusive Animals In Chinese Wilderness (VIDEO, PHOTOS) The World Wildlife Fund has released stunning footage of animals rarely seen in the wild caught by camera traps set up in
Gowanus Canal Pollution Now, the channel's toxicity is being highlighted in a more artistic light. Photographer William Miller has released some
Too Beautiful To Be Real? 16 Surreal Landscapes Found On Earth These bizarre locations may seem like a series of elaborate movie sets, but they are real destinations that you might want
Animal Commuters From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Goats Standing On Things (VIDEO) Goats are kind of trending right now. Like the piggies that sent a buzz around the animal world a couple months ago, goats
June 8 2013 World Ocean Day - Beautiful Wave Maker Voyage Ocean Story came about from a madcap journey. The founder, Samantha Koshare Edouardes, her partner, bought their first boat and with her brother and a few adventurers decided to set sail across the Caribbean sea, through the Panama Canal and then across the Pacific.
Foraging Tips Ramps are especially popular in Appalachian communities along the East Coast. In Virginia, Tennessee, North Carolina, Kentucky
5 Super Cool Energy Projects Being Backed By The U.S. Government When President Barack Obama announced the launch of ARPA-E (Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy) in 2009 with bipartisan
Sloth Pictures Show Animals' Quirky Side After Woman Rescues Hundreds (PHOTO) Take a look at this adorable video of a baby sloth loving on a Conservation International cameraman, and some more shots
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of the most popular animal stories from the last week include
The (Less Than) Eternal Sea Nothing in the sea lives by itself, nothing either on the earth or in the air or in the minds of men. To know the sea is mortal is to know that we are not apart from it.
The Most Disastrous States In The U.S. The twister that devastated Moore, Okla., was the 74th presidential disaster declared in the Sooner state in the past 60
Shark Tourism Worth More Than Killing Them For Food, New Study Shows \Studies have found that if you remove top predators, like sharks, you change the structure of the ecosystem itself,\ he
Dogs And Cats Love Baths In This Video Mashup While many dogs and cats seem to hate dipping their paws in the tub, some cuddly creatures actually enjoy bath time. Instead
Frac Sand Mine Proposed Near School Sparks Battle In Small Wisconsin Town With more frac sand mining, the letter goes on, will come increased risks, from air and water contamination to heavy truck
Obese Pugs, Relinquished By Owner, Find A New Healthy Home Sunny and Rosie's weight swelled to over thirty pounds each and their health was in decline. Visit The Pet Collective Website
Oklahoma Tornado Video Shows Storm Chasers Caught In Powerful Twister Their car is pummeled by debris, smashing the windshield at one point. \The team is very fortunate to live to chase another
PHOTO Storm chaser Sean Schofer also tweeted a photo of the wrecked SUV
Friday's Oklahoma City Tornadoes As Observed By Local Residents (TWEETS, VINES) Severe weather hit the Oklahoma City area again on Friday night. This time there were multiple tornadoes that touched down
Oklahoma Tornado Photos A deadly storm moved through Oklahoma Friday evening, producing several tornadoes and causing widespread flooding. The storm
2013 Sea State Report Shows Major Protections Are Needed To Keep Ocean Ecosystems Healthy Below are the 13 states and territories that have some form of no-take protections. Is your coastline protected? There are
Hurricane Season 2013 June 1 marks the official start of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Meatless Monday It's Memorial Day, honoring those who died in service to our country, and for most of us, it's an extra day off.  An extra day off is a such a luxury, a delight, a bonus.  So why doesn't an extra meal give us the same thrill?
Green Cleaning Products From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
National Geographic Everest Photos Capture Experience Of Scaling Great Peak From National Geographic Magazine
Tar Sands Oil Though what we should be arguing about is the cost/benefit ratio of extracting oil from tar sands, instead we're arguing about whether its delivery mechanism -- the pipeline -- is up to code. Once again, we're missing the endangered forest for the trees.
Biodiversity Loss Becoming Major Threat For Farmed Plants And Livestock Breeds The extinctions of some domesticated animals and plants was happening in tandem with accelerating losses of wild species
Bear Cameras Capture Life Through The Eyes Of Alaskan Animals (VIDEO) The Anchorage Bear Camera Collar Project fitted four black bears and two brown bears in Anchorage, Alaska with collars containing
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of our favorite animal stories from the last week include
How Much Produce Should I Buy? If you struggle to use up fresh produce before it spoils, you\u2019re not the only one. Read more on Earth911
Cat, Dog Best Friends Have An Adorable Love/Hate Moment (PHOTO) Sometimes that best friend relationship is just a love/hate sort of thing. In this photo recently uploaded to reddit, the
World's Most Poisonous Plants (PHOTOS) The angel's trumpet plant looks beautiful with its petals delicately hanging from the stem. But admirers of the flower should
5 Recycled Buildings From Earth911's Nate Lipka
Climate Change This Week Another scientist against the pipeline, credit Mary Ellen Harte @@@ Climate Change in the Media @@@ Who's Paying The Price
2013 Cicadas' Parents Had An Eventful Year In 1996 (PHOTOS) Yes, yes, the Brood II cicadas are emerging. They'll be loud, they'll be tasty and they'll be having a buzz-filled mating
Would You Buy A T-Shirt From This Guy? Chris Yura is every bit the millennial entrepreneur. Read more on Mother Nature Network
Why Do Fireflies Glow? From Mother Nature Network's Chanie Kirschner
International Day For Biological Diversity Highlighted By Greenpeace (PHOTOS) Greenpeace has released some stunning images of Indonesian forests and marine life in celebration of the International Day
Odin The Dog, Abandoned And In Pain, Saved By Rescue But Now Needs A Home Odin turned up at the shelter with a severe medical condition in his left eye. His previous owners did not provide treatment, and probably didn't even realize the severe pain this condition caused him.
Green Memorial Day Activities For The Whole Family Memorial Day 2013 is just around the corner, kicking off months of summer fun. Yet it\u2019s important to remember that the long
Texans Unite in the Fight to Save Sharks 100 million sharks are disappearing from our oceans each year, primarily driven by the lucrative trade in shark fins. A bill that would prohibit the sale and consumption of shark fins in Texas, passed the Texas House. However, this bill faces a fight ahead.
Animal Photos Of The Week Some of our favorite animal stories from the last week include
Climate Change Study Shows Pace Is Slowing, But Extreme Action Still Vital The rate of global warming has slowed after strong rises in the 1980s and 1990s, even though all the 10 warmest years since
VIDEO Matt Sampson shows us how bad weather effects driving. Read more on weather.com
By Man Or Nature, Places That Will Never Be The Same If you had any doubts that we're living in a new age called the Anthropocene -- the term geologists have begun to use to
Puppies With Deadly Case Of Mange Saved By Good Samaritan Demodectic Mange, also called Demodex, is a skin disease caused by tiny mites. Most pups get a few mange mites from their
Sea Butterfly Photos Show Stunning Underwater Biodiversity But while they're still here, take a look at more incredible images of the sea butterflies below
National Geographic Traveler Photo Contest 2013 Produces Stunning Images The 'National Geographic Traveler' Photo Contest is upon us, and some stunning images have already started to flow in. The
A Big Move for a Small State -- Delaware Bans Shark Fins The demand for shark fins is what drives almost all shark deaths. Some species may have declined by as much as 97-99 percent in the last 35 years. In other words, as few as one out of 100 may be left of some species.
Wendy's, What Are You Waiting For? Who has freckles, pigtails, and is still holding out from joining the Fair Food Program? If you guessed the fresh-faced mascot of Wendy's, give yourself a gold star.
Is Climate Change Increasing Tornado Intensity? But we can't necessarily say the same about tornadoes, at least not yet. The tornado connection to global warming is tenuous
Video Of Happy Animals Captures Pets Enjoying Life Animals just know how to let loose and have a good time. Chasing balls. Running places. Hanging on doors. Hopkin, who also
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week An incredible lightning strike was captured off the South Rim of the Grand Canyon and tweeted out by the Department of the
Rise of the Sneaker Males Biology has guaranteed that the energy of youth will erupt with each new generation.  The question is, how should we deal with it?
Climate Change To Shrink Animal And Plant Habitats Dramatically, Study Forecasts About 57 percent of plants and 34 percent of animal species were likely to lose more than half the area with a climate suited
Handmade Mother's Day Gift Ideas (PHOTOS) From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Tips For Growing Food In A Small Space You may be worried that because you have a small yard or even just a front porch, growing your own food is out of reach. Read
'Zombie Worms' Devour Whale Bone With Skeleton-Melting Acid, New Study Finds (PHOTO) Although they're primarily found on whale bone, the worms have also been seen in shark remains and other fish, LiveScience
Emily Deschanel's PETA Ad Targets Troubling Dairy Farm Practices (VIDEO) 'Bones' star Emily Deschanel has joined with PETA to highlight controversial practices within the U.S. dairy industry. The
Cicada Sound Demonstrated In Audio Recording The cicadas are coming. Soon. Billions of the red-eyed bugs are expected to swarm the East Coast for six weeks after temperatures
Green Burials Catch On In The U.S. \The biggest hurdle is getting the awareness of these choices and having choices in the proximity of where people are,\ he
Joe Biden Talks Climate Change And Natural Gas In Rolling Stone Interview \Theoretically, it would be nice not to have any carbon fuels,\ he said. \But natural gas is a hell of a lot less polluting
Easy Mother's Day Gifts That Are Sentimental, Thoughtful And Nearly Material Free Happy Mother's Day! Shopping for mom can be stressful. Even if she says she doesn't want a present this year, you know your
Keystone XL Decision May Not Come Until Later In The Year, U.S. Official Says BIG REVISIONS NEEDED? By Timothy Gardner It could also set back TransCanada which last month said delays by Washington would
Sad Mama Cat Lost Her Litter To Illness; Is Made Whole By Orphaned Kittens That Needed A Mother The story of Mickey the mama cat is a testament to a mother's instinct and love for her children. There are so many stories of pregnant cats and dogs winding up at the shelter, and the horrors all animals, especially vulnerable newborns, face in that environment.
Reuse Paper Cups From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
Dog Rides Sheep In The Best Photo You Might See All Day This sheep dog isn't really doing its job, but this photo posted to reddit is just so majestic that the duo look perfect
Check Out The World's First Mass-Produced, Upcycled Clothing Line In the past, creating upcycled clothing from discarded materials often meant making one-off designs, frequently by hand. Read
Recycle Kitchen Trash From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Weird Vegetables You've Probably Never Heard Of (PHOTOS) From Mother Nature Network's Bryan Nelson
Manatees Are Dying In Droves, Florida Says 'Too Bad' A record number of endangered manatees are dying in Florida's algae-choked waterways. Read more on TakePart
Renewable Energy Standards Face Challenge From Fossil Fuel Interests Many battles will be fought in the months ahead, with attacks on RES laws most serious in Connecticut, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania
Frac Daddy, Horse Owned By Montana Oilmen, To Run In Kentucky Derby The natural gas industry will be given some prime advertising at Saturday's Kentucky Derby in the form of a race horse named
Chemicals Pervasive In Chicago Air On the brink of federal regulatory review, chemicals in deodorants, lotions and conditioners are showing up in Chicago\u2019s
An Elephant Named Tim Tim, an exceptionally impressive male elephant, is 43-years-old. Because males wander, Tim has not been seen for weeks. Now he is here, and he is in a heightened breeding condition called musth, dribbling a pungent-scented urine that tells the ladies and the guys alike that he's the man.
The Sound of Grinding, Crunching Metal Each time I looked at him, his mouth was opened but the mystery object was not about to come out.
Animal Photos Of The Week Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week (PHOTOS) HuffPost editor James Gerken examined some striking connections between climate change and our changing planet. Check out
U.S. Transportation Remains Almost Entirely Reliant On Oil (VIDEO) From Face the Facts USA
Famous Animal Activists From Vetstreet's Margaret Bristol
Mark Zuckerberg's New Political Group Spending Big On Ads Supporting Keystone XL And Oil Drilling Mark Zuckerberg\u2019s new political group, which bills itself as a bipartisan entity dedicated to passing immigration reform
Halliburton In Settlement Talks To Control Its Macondo Cement Liabilities At the phase-one trial, Halliburton's cement expert Jesse Gagliano, who was embedded in BP's Houston office in 2010, testified
Monsanto Hates This Monsanto and their buddies in big agribusiness might want to dominate the world's food supply. But a growing movement of concerned citizens is getting fed up and fighting back.
14 Amazing Fractals Found In Nature When you think of fractals, you might think of Grateful Dead posters and T-shirts, all pulsating with rainbow colors and
Craig Stanford, 'Planet Without Apes' Author, Says Eco-Tourism Could Save The Primates The great apes were heading toward the brink of extinction in East Africa because of human behavior \u2014 logging that destroyed
Keystone XL Dr. John O'Connor, who pushed Ladouceur to get lifesaving heart surgery, said such connections are \ripe for investigation
Balancing Dog, Jack, Can Hold Almost Any Household Object On His Head (PHOTOS) You can't adopt pets based on talent, but if you're looking for a new friend of your own and are ready for the responsibility
Extreme Weather Swings From Record Drought To Flood May Be Sign Of Climate Change Climate studies have warned us to expect more frequent and intense extreme events, such as heavy rain and snow storms, along
Pregnant Dog Abandoned By Her Owners At The Shelter Is Saved There is no harder lesson about spaying and neutering your dog than the story of Mimi. Mimi, an unspayed Maltese, suddenly became pregnant. She was only four-years-old when the adorable, white fluffy dog was turned into the shelter.
London Marathon Rhino Runners Wear 22-Pound Suits During Race To Save The Species (PHOTOS) The suits have become a symbol for the organization and were first introduced in 1992 at the London and New York marathons
Wrinkly Dogs Make For Adorable Pets, But More Skin Calls For More Love Sharing your home with one of these dogs isn't all fun and games, though. You'll need to wash their deep skin folds with
Animal Photos Of The Week Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Family's Community Garden Time-Lapse Will Drive You To The Nursery (VIDEO) After watching the four-minute video, it looks like they were pretty successful, growing everything from kale and strawberries
Marijuanamerica Just as Prohibition did little to stem the flow of alcohol into Americans' gullets, its repeal did little to resolve the problems that alcohol abuse bestows upon our collective psyche. Which is why, when I think about the future of marijuana in this country, it is with a devil on one shoulder, and an angel on the other.
Found Wandering Alone With a Badly Broken Leg, Augie Finds His Perfect Home Who knows how Augie got there, but there he was. Found wandering through an orchard with a broken leg, and no identification. How had he become separated from his home? When had he been hit by the car that broke his leg? How long had he been wandering around in this pain?
Poll Finds BP Public Image Still Tarnished 3 Years After Gulf Spill It's unclear to what extent those opinions were formed by viewing BP's ads. Respondents who said they had seen the ads were
Clean With Baking Soda From Networx' Chaya Kurtz
Gulf Spill Trial's First Act Ends As BP Rests Its Case On Tuesday, environmentalists and community advocates protested outside U.S. District Court on Poydras St. to mark the third
Why We're Celebrating Endangered Foods for Earth Day Climate change isn't just this storm gathering way down the road, it's here and it's affecting some of our favorite foods.
Earth Day Lessons In short, Earth Day participants not only get alot done, they also demonstrate that human beings everywhere are driven by their faith, their conscience, their sense of duty, or by a moral imperative to save the planet. It is staggering to think about one billion people working together in a collective action.
The Environmental Impacts Of An Unregulated Marijuana Industry A report released in 2011 (and updated in 2012) estimated that indoor marijuana production may account for 1 percent of the
Gulf Oil Spill Anniversary Although BP already pled guilty to 14 federal criminal charges, including lying to Congress, and agreed to a $4.5 billion
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week That included tornadoes in Arkansas, Alabama and Mississippi, which left thousands without power and were responsible for
Short-Lived Climate Pollutants Reduction Might Slow Down Sea Level Rise, New Study Shows Already, sea level rise has made storm surge events more damaging than they otherwise would have been. In New York, for example
Female Ulidiid Flies Expel Sperm And Eat It, New Study Shows Follow Tanya Lewis on Twitter\u00a0and Google+.\u00a0Follow us @livescience, Facebook\u00a0& Google+. Original article on\u00a0LiveScience.com
Cape Cod Seals Photos Show Them Soaking Up Sun On The Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge Beach Do you find these seals adorable or hazardous? Check out these stunning images, and let us know in the comments below! Humans
Bear Brain Surgery Free the Bears, which runs the sanctuary, decided to take the chance and enlisted a renowned veterinary surgeon for the operation
Rhino Poaching In India Orphans Baby Months After Mother Moved To National Park (PHOTOS) Take a look at some photos of the rhino family from late March, as well as photos of the recently-orphaned calf, below. The
The 'Hoax' Do we agree with Senator Inhofe that global warming is a \hoax\ and that we do not want the federal government to address that issue? Or do we agree with the overwhelming majority of scientists who tell us that that we must act boldly and aggressively to protect the future of this planet?
8 Ways That California and China Can Work Together to Reduce Pollution and Protect the Climate China has made significant progress in energy efficiency but still requires twice as much energy to produce one unit of GDP as the world average. Enormous opportunities still remain in both California and China to save energy more cheaply than it can be produced.
Exxon On Arkansas Spill Roughly two weeks after Exxon's Pegasus pipeline ruptured in Mayflower, Ark., spilling an estimated 84,000 gallons of crude
Abused Dog Keeps Running Away From Home and Finally Finds Help Meet Emerson, an adorably sweet little Papillion/Pomeranian mix. You'd never guess the struggles this tiny guy has faced by looking at him now, but little Emerson is a fighter and a survivor. This is where Emerson's story begins.
Beautiful Images From Around The World (PHOTOS) Isn't the world beautiful? While all this talk about fracking, climate change and tar sands is incredibly important, sometimes
William Shatner's Greenpeace USA Ad Urges Action Against Bering Sea Habitat Destruction (VIDEO) Despite Shatner\u2019s jovial tone, the spot from Greenpeace USA is a serious plea to combat destruction of the Bering Sea canyons
Animal Photos Of The Week Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Phipps New Center For Sustainable Landscapes Is One Of World's Greenest Buildings (VIDEO) HuffPost Live's Mike Sacks spoke recently with Richard V. Piacentini, Executive Director of the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical
World's Rarest Birds Photo Competition Garners Breathtaking Images A unique competition to photograph some of the world's rarest birds has produced incredible pictures. The effort, sponsored
NASA Volcano Image Captured By Radar Plane On Trip To Central And South America The UAVSAR data is higher resolution, with less interfering noise than most such data from satellites, according to NASA
EPA Tier 3 Guidelines Could Equal 33 Million Cars Off The Road, And Fewer Deaths A recent report released by the American Lung Association found that by 2030 the EPA's proposed fuel efficiency standards
Exxon Fake Twitter Account Mocks Response To Arkansas Spill The cause of the pipeline rupture remains under investigation. Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel has demanded that
'Inconvenience' Isn't the Truth Company representatives will tell you that your worries aren't true, they will tell you that they would live here, that it is safe, that you are imagining things.  They will tell you a lot of things.  You will still wonder.
Animal Photos Of The Week Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
Antarctica Melting Brings Expanded Sea Ice Extent, Study Shows WINDS At a winter maximum in September, ice on the sea around Antarctica covers about 19 million sq kms (7.3 million sq miles
Doubling Down on Our Faustian Bargain Humanity's Faustian climate bargain is well known. Humans have been pumping both greenhouse gases (mainly CO2) and aerosols (fine particles) into the atmosphere for more than a century. Is the new data we present here good news or bad news, and how does it alter the \Faustian \nbargain\?
Arkansas Oil Spill Supporters of Keystone XL and oil sands development say the vast Canadian reserves can help drive down fuel costs in the
Transocean Denies Skimping On Deepwater Horizon Maintenance The spill trial adjourned late Wednesday and is scheduled to resume Tuesday after an Easter break. Halliburton plans to call
2013 Allergy Season Could Be The Worst Ever, Thanks To Climate Change, Some Experts Say Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast
State Department's Keystone XL Contractor ERM Green-Lighted BP's Explosive Caspian Pipeline Like today's KXL proposal -- which would only create 35 full-time jobs -- the false promise of thousands of jobs also served as the dominant discourse for BTC Pipeline proponents. The reality, like KXL, was more dim.
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week A massive, 500-yard landslide on Washington State's Whidbey Island damaged a house and led to a neighborhood evacuation. This
Pregnant Pit Bull Dumped at the Shelter Finds Hope and a Loving Home It is shocking to know that in Los Angeles County alone, 200 pit bulls are put down every single day, because there are not enough homes for them. Imagine how that number grows when you think of all the cities, in all the states, across the country.
'Shark vs. Mermaid Death Squad' Launched By Greenpeace To Raise Awareness For Sustainable Fishing In addition, though canned tuna manufacturers are typically looking to capture skipjack tuna, which is not considered a vulnerable
5 Ways to Make Your Passover Seder More Sustainable This week marks the Jewish holiday of Passover. Here are five tips to help observers to celebrate this important holiday while keeping in line with their equally important environmental values.
Pilot Whales Found In South Africa On Noordhoek Beach \Seven are in poor health,\ SAPA quoted Lambinon as saying. \We are still trying our best to save them, but those that can't
Animal Photos Of The Week Some sad, strange news
Global Warming Could Favor Softer Corals Over Their Reef-Building Cousins Soft corals such as mushroom-shaped yellow leather coral, which lack a hard outer skeleton, were far more abundant than hard
Climate Change This Week Dscn4652 irises ** Himalayas
Vinegar Cleaning Recipes To Replace Household Chemicals From Networx' Chaya Kurtz
Extreme Weather Photos Of The Week Check out photos of the week's extreme weather from around the world
Indonesia's Protected Rainforests Disappearing Please support the work of Sumatran Orangutan Conservation Program, Rain Forest Action Network, DeforestACTION, WWF and Greenpeace
Baby Sloths Embroiled In Illegal Pet Trade It\u2019s mid-March 2013 and I\u2019m in a rickety van speeding recklessly along a dusty highway in rural Colombia. The reason for
'Greedy Lying Bastards' Takes On Climate Deniers, Big Oil We\u2019re seeing audiences turn out for films about climate change. Do you think movies about environmental issues can make a
PHOTOS At first, your eyes wander near and far in an attempt to take in the enormity of the creature. Then, a voice in your head screams, having realized that you're in the presence of the largest animal that's ever lived.
National Puppy Day 2013 Although there is no legal definition of a \u201cpuppy mill,\u201d the ASPCA describes it as a breeding operation that neglects dogs
7 Animal Sounds You Might Hear In Your Backyard From Mother Nature Network's Laura Moss
Huge Breakthroughs Seen At CITES 2013, International Wildlife-Saving Conference A 12-day summit designed to protect the planet's most troubled wildlife concluded last week, and by many accounts it was
Halliburton Stays In Spill Trial's Glare As Two Other Firms Escape Blame Testimony continued last week on other factors that led to the Macondo well explosion. Petroleum engineer Calvin Barnhill
Great White Shark Sticks Head In Diving Cage; Divers Narrowly Avoid Attack In South Africa (VIDEO) Though the cage was attached to a boat at the time, the fearless (and fearsome!) predator swam right up, poked its head through
Recent Storms Highlight Flaws In Top U.S. Weather Model The emerging \u201cmodeling gap\u201d could erode the accuracy of U.S. weather forecasts and also cause greater economic losses from
Geoengineering Research Needs Better Guidelines, Climate Change Experts Say Parson and Keith zero in on one category of techniques to engineer a cooler planet \u2014 those that aim to reduce the amount
Climate Change Casualties In the United States climate change has brutalized plants and honeybees. In fact, since 2008 the price of honey in America has risen by 50 percent. Pundits expect it to reach its highest price ever in 2013.
China's Pollution Crisis Addressed By Premier Li Keqiang \This government will show even greater resolve and take more vigorous efforts to clean up such pollution,\ Li said, referring
Animal Photos Of The Week Here\u2019s a recap of some of the best animal stories and events from the past week
Animals From Ireland List and captions courtesy of Vetstreet Its native species includes the good-natured Connemara pony and the easygoing Galway
Elephants -- Two Things Worth Watching Now, shrunk from perhaps 90 percent of their former range by sprawling human populations and suffering relentless killing, elephant numbers are down to well under half a million -- a drop of 98 percent since just 1800.
Halliburton Officers, Others Testify In 2010 Gulf Spill Trial When asked Monday \were you angry when someone told you two years later, after you had testified, that in fact evidence had
Cat Haven Preserve To Reopen To Public After Lion Kills Intern Dianna Hanson A four-year-old male lion named Cous Cous escaped from his feeding pen, apparently by prodding open an improperly secured
Animal Photos Of The Week Check out the newest and best animal photos below
China's Environmental Secrecy Sparks Public Anger \But the facts proved this is not the case. 'Being unaware' would only cause people to panic.\ BEIJING/SHANGHAI, March 10
Oil Executives, Experts Testify As 2010 Spill Trial Continues Bly was questioned about why, in preparation for a cement job to close up the well, BP decided to use only six \centralizers
Animals Playing With Toys And Gadgets Made For Humans (VIDEOS) We all have a favorite toy, whether it's the latest tech gadget or a challenging puzzle. (Rubik's Cube, anyone?) But toys
Animal CPR Given To A Tapir, Cheetah, Bird And Other Animals \I gave him probably three or four little breaths and pumped his little chest a few times and he started to come back to
Should Greenies Own Oil? I'm voting for an entirely new energy source by 2015. However, we're not there yet. We're in transition. And part of the journey out of what was into what will be requires ensuring that we don't become reliant on the Middle East selling us the gas to get to the grocery store.
Animal Photos Of The Week Here\u2019s a recap of animal stories and events from the past week
State Department Keystone XL Pipeline Analysis Disspirits Climate Change Community \President Obama and John Kerry have eloquently pledged to respond urgently to climate change,\ Daniel Souweine, of the climate
Polar Bear Cub At Buffalo Zoo Introduced To The Public (VIDEOS) On Friday, an adorable polar bear cub made her public debut at the Buffalo Zoo, tickling onlookers with her unbearably cute
Tipping Points Dire warnings that our localized environmental impacts could trigger global-scale \tipping points\ and permanently break the planet have no scientific basis, authors of a new paper argue. Not everyone agrees.
NYT Cancels Green Blog At 5pm on Friday afternoon, The New York Times posted the following announcement
Sequester Cuts Mean Wide Ranging Impacts for Parks -- and People -- Around the Country It's alarming that this very avoidable threat is about to become a reality. From Yellowstone to Cape Cod, the Grand Canyon and Great Smoky Mountains, our national heritage and local economies are at risk.
The Inside Story of Diageo's Stunning Carbon Achievement Shifting subtly away from an attitude of \maximize profits this quarter at all costs\ does not mean you leap right from capitalism to communism; it just means you take into account a broader definition of value to the organization and community.
New Orleans-Based Trial Assesses 2010 Gulf Spill Blame On Jan. 29, BP pleaded guilty in Eastern District of Louisiana to 14 criminal counts, including 11 felony counts of manslaughter
Our Challenge Point Earth is running a fever courtesy of its human inhabitants. The fever is being measured and monitored. The prognosis is clear. The symptoms are increasing in frequency, severity and scope.
Animal Photos Of The Week For more adorable critters, check out this video of an old sea otter playing basketball, and this awesome infographic of
Climate Change, Labor Capacity Losses Examined By Government Scientists Part of the issue is how well-adapted certain regions are to extreme heat stress, Dunne said. As an example, he noted that
Intrepid Japanese Fisherman Turns Over New Leaf Izumi Ishii was born into a dolphin hunting family in Futo, Japan. Today he's a self-proclaimed advocate for stopping the dolphin hunt and live trade of dolphins and whales to dolphinariums.
Dogs May Threaten Wildlife, Researchers Show The scourge of domestic cats has been thrown into the spotlight recently. A campaign in New Zealand is pushing to get rid
The Keystone Hypodermic The Keystone pipeline is like a gigantic hypodermic needle stuck into America. Its promoters know we are addicted to the wrong drug -- fossil fuels -- but they know we do not have the willpower to kick the habit as long as the pushers find new ways to slip us one more fix.
Boston Snow Storm 2013 Kansas bore the brunt of the bad weather on Thursday, with up to 15 inches (38 cm) of snow in some parts of the state, according
Cape Wind On its face, a NEPA review would seem straightforward. \The delays in moving forward with Cape Wind,\ she added, \stem not
Midwest Snow Storm 2013 Heavy snows swept across the Midwest on Thursday, closing schools and grounding flights in multiple states. Some parts of
No Time to Cool Off Decades from now, we may well look at 2013 as a turning point in climate action. The groundswell of grassroots activism that we're seeing will keep gathering momentum until it sweeps our nation into a clean energy future.
Midwest Snow Storm Linked To At Least 4 Deaths The treacherous snow storm blanketing much of the midwest has been linked to at least four deaths as of Friday evening. Three
BP Spill Settlement Reportedly Being Considered By U.S. Justice, Gulf States BP has said it would settle on \reasonable terms,\ but was prepared to go to trial if the demands were \excessive and not
Backstage at the Oscars When a culturally influential organization like the Academy Awards adopts greener practices, the benefits are threefold.
Why Are We So Horrified Over Horse Meat? We as a culture seem to have decided arbitrarily that we are comfortable making dogs and cats our pets and comfortable making pigs and fish our dinner.
President Obama EPA's comprehensive Bristol Bay watershed assessment needs to be completed and issued in final as soon as possible, and EPA must then proceed promptly to protect the region under its federal Clean Water Act authority.
'Forward On Climate' Rally Brings Climate Change Activists To National Mall In Washington, D.C. (VIDEO) In his 2013 State of the Union Address, President Obama said, \We can choose to believe that Superstorm Sandy, and the most
Animal Photos Of The Week This week was filled with amazing stories from the animal kingdom. National Geographic captured these rare images of a pygmy
40,000+ Join 'Forward on Climate' Rally in Washington, DC Today, over 40,000 people poured into the streets of Washington, DC to protest the Keystone XL pipeline and push President Obama \Forward on Climate.\
Fishermen and Chefs United Recently, some in Congress have attempted to take catch shares off the table for fishery managers, limiting regional councils' ability to make the best decision for their fishermen.
Nature's Golden Elixir We are running out of time to combat more than 85 million metric tons of greenhouse gases emitted daily
Domestic Cats and Billions of Birds The old adage about taking the cat out of the wild, but not the wild out of the cat now has a number associated with it. That number is 2.4 billion.
Fracking Waste Should a Texas company be allowed to ship fracking wastewater by barge up the Ohio River prior to disposal? The company says
Rapacious War Against Nature In the 1960s, 82 percent of Indonesia's 17,000 islands were endowed with tropical rainforests brimming with life. Today Indonesian tropical rainforests are being converted into unsustainable and unregulated palm oil plantations.
In North Carolina, Fracking Rights Rise To Surface Click here for the original story. Covington, who is also the chairman of the state\u2019s compulsory pooling study group, says
Journey to the Center of the Earth -- Bringing Nature Back to Athens Long ago, proud Hellenes considered Delphi and its illustrious oracle as the Navel of the Universe. Now a newly formed Greek NGO called Organization Earth has baptized its headquarters \Center of the Earth.\
Pets In Snow Submissions are now closed for this slideshow. Thanks to all who shared photos of their pets! As people across the Northeast
Sustainability Tales From The Klondike You might expect the Yukon gold rush town of Dawson City to be the last place to look for innovations in sustainability. But
New Eelpout Species Discovered Off New Zealand Coast (PHOTOS) According to a press release from the University of Aberdeen's Oceanlab, the researchers explored waters well below the depth
Climate Change And The Blizzard Further, nor'easters are defined not only by heavy snowfall, but by high winds. There's less evidence for links between winter
Raining Spiders In Brazil? Video Appears To Show Numerous Arachnids Dangling Arachnophobes would be wise to steer clear of Santo Ant\u00f4nio da Platina in Brazil. According to a video uploaded to YouTube
Climate Change In his recent New Republic interview, President Obama said we \need some big technological breakthrough\ to tackle climate change. Mr. President -- our nation already has the technologies to protect the climate while advancing prosperity. Here's how.
2013 Snow Photos Document 'Nemo' Blizzard Across The Northeast (PICTURES) If you'd like to share your own photos of the storm, you can tag them anywhere online with #nemo, or send us a note at openreporting
Animal Photos Of The Week Find some of the week's best animal photos below
Artists Against Fracking Posts Plea For Frack-Free New York (VIDEO) In the new video below, unveiled by Artists Against Fracking and shot by Gasland director Josh Fox, Yoko Ono lays out how
Arctic Cyclone Of August 2012 Is Not Responsible For Record Sea Ice Melt, Study Says Though the storm had a huge impact on sea ice while it passed, within two weeks, the effect diminished, lead author Jinlun
Kenya 4 I watched wild elephants mating today. I don't know about you, but -- first time for me.  Females are ready to mate for only about three to four days every four to five years. So when a female is ready, males are excited and there is a lot of competition.
DIY T-Shirt Projects From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
Climate Change This Week 2012 Fits Global Warming Trend, reports the National Atmospheric and Space Administration. One of 9 warmest years on the
Groundhog Day 2013 Gobbler's Knob was quite the sight, with visitors gathering at a rural Pennsylvania hilltop to watch the groundhog of lore
Mr. Obama's Coal Plant In his inaugural address pledge to respond to the threat of devastating climate change, the president said that America must lead the transition toward sustainable energy sources. Promising news for our children, but what are the specifics?
Altruistic Dolphins Help Seal Find Its Way Back To Sea (VIDEO) (hat tip, Clip Nation) Indeed, dolphins have a history of doing good deeds for other marine animals outside their species
Emma The Otter Predicts 2013 Super Bowl Winner (VIDEO) Emma is the latest in a long string of animals who have taken a \psychic\ stab at predicting the winner of Super Bowl. Though
New York Fracking Opponents, Binghamton Mayor Escalate Efforts To Block Natural Gas Industry \Governor Cuomo needs to know that our numbers are growing as more and more citizens in this designated area learn the risks
Groundhog Day Facts \u201cWeather\u201d or not you are pleased with the result, this quirky and ancient tradition has become a mainstay in American culture
Cotton's Water Footprint Once the clothing leaves the shop, however, the buyer is responsible for reducing its environmental impact. To find out more
Animal Photos Of The Week Find some of the week's best animal photos below
Don't Frack the Playground Without full disclosure from the gas companies about the chemical cocktail used in the fracking process, and strong regulations to protect the health and welfare of citizens, would you let your child play near that gas tower?
Keystone XL North On top of its looming decision on the Keystone XL, it's likely that the Obama administration will make a final decision on whether or not to greenlight shale gas exports sometime in 2013. The policy agenda is about to heat up in the energy and environment policy arenas inside the Beltway.
Renewables to the Rescue While renewable energy still retains a \too expensive for a poor country\ reputation here, the reality is that short-term solutions to Pakistan's energy poverty almost all will come from efficiency and clean energy.
Banding Together to Ban Trophy Hunting and Protect African Lion Livelihood Needless killing of endangered species for trophies is inherently unsustainable, economically short-sighted, ecologically unsound, and morally wrong. The sooner it ends for lions and other imperiled animals, the better.
New Orleans Launches Its Loyola Streetcar, With Another Leg Awaited Spacious, solar-lit shelters on the new Loyola Ave. streetcar line, opening on Jan. 28, will accommodate Super Bowl fans in New Orleans. But elsewhere, commuters huddle under less protection.
Penguin Colony's First Contact With Humans In Antarctica Captured On Camera (VIDEO) According to the International Polar Foundation, the group made contact with the Emperor penguin colony, said to be one of
Portland Radon Levels Reveal Potential Health Risks One in four homes in the greater Portland, Ore., area contain radon levels well above the safety limits set by the U.S. Environmental
CareerBuilder Commercial Featuring Chimp Won't Air For Super Bowl 2013 From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Unpopular Dog Names From Vetstreet's Kristen Seymour
Obama's Climate Change Promises Questioned As Second Term Arrives Attitudes like Barton's are why climate policy specialists expect little in the way of climate legislation in the upcoming
Animal Photos Of The Week Some exciting animal announcements took place this week. Wood bison, which disappeared a century ago from the Alaskan wilderness
Lipingzi Nature Reserve Puts Panda Cub Through 'Boot Camp' To Prepare Him For The Wild \Our people cannot teach a panda to live in the wild,\ Zhang said in a statement. \Now we leave the teaching to the momma
Wall Street Journal The Wall Street Journal editorial board needs a fact checker plain and simple.  It's a major paper, with excellent news coverage, and should not destroy its integrity by an editorial board that flouts the basic process of checking the facts.
Climate Change Study The study can be viewed at
Mark Ruffalo Calls for White House to Declare War on Climate Change Sparked by the White House's thoughtful (and wonderfully hilarious) rejection of the petition to build a Death Star, actor Mark Ruffalo has posted a White House petition calling for a declaration of war on climate change.
Animal Photos Of The Week This past week, the animal kingdom was full of interesting stories. Trained dogs are being used to protect threatened species
Do-It-Yourself In 2013 With These Crazy Projects If you've always marveled at those DIY mavens who manage to make everything themselves, why not resolve to add a touch of
Old Coffee Grounds From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Social Bankability, Solar Crowdfunders and Emerging Markets If we are going to avoid the worst impacts of climate change we need disruptive innovations that fundamentally alter the broken systems that continue to build out inequitable, fossil fueled societies.
An Open Letter to President Obama for Obama II Here are recommendations for your second term that will address energy-climate change challenges while expediting economic growth, spurring innovation, and creating more jobs.
After Hurricane Sandy, Animal Shelters And Rescues Struggle To Recover Though there are surely many other animal groups that need help, Vetstreet rounded up information from several shelters and
Stop Reckless Drilling This year, let's make a New Year's resolution that protects our ocean from reckless oil drilling. We're barely two weeks into 2013, and Shell Oil has already made headlines by losing control of one of its Arctic drill rigs in the Gulf of Alaska.
Climate Change This Week You heard plenty about the 2012 U.S. drought, which still continues, but Britain endured a record early drought THEN record deluges that soaked the ground, then flooded over it, nationwide.
Alaska Oil Rig Grounded In Sitkalidak Island Challenges Shell's Plan By Yereth Rosen The Kulluk went aground in a Gulf of Alaska storm on Dec. 31 after the ship towing it lost power and its
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) The House of Representatives passed a $9.7 billion bill on Friday to pay flood insurance claims from Hurricane Sandy. The
Animal Photos Of The Week Meanwhile, an alleged narwhal tusk-smuggling ring was busted this week in Maine. According to the AP, the Canadian suspects
Preventive Measures To Prepare For Future Superstorms Desperately Needed, Experts Warn (VIDEO) But despite the high cost, Mattingly says that these options would be less expensive in the long run. \Anyone who's been
2012 The planet had a great year because American voters elected leaders and passed initiatives that will accelerate the move from dirty, economically questionable 19th century fossil fuels renewable energy sources that are rapidly leading us to a healthier, more prosperous future.
National Zoo's Sumatran Tigers Mate As Species' Numbers Dwindle By the time Damai went into heat again, she was more confident and relaxed with her partner, zookeepers said, and the two
Nebraska Lion Cubs Born At Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo (PHOTO) Labeled a \vulnerable\ species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, African lions
Jellyfish Cycles Reveal Rise And Fall Of Gelatinous Creature Even though the records don't evenly represent the ocean \u2014 the majority came from the Northern Hemisphere, particularly in
Shell Drill Ship, The Kulluk, Grounds Off Alaska With winds reported at up to 60 miles (100 km) an hour and Gulf of Alaska seas of up to 35 feet (11 m), responders were unable
Rainbow Giddy Perhaps the secret to climate recovery is less in presenting the global projections of a future climate -- with all their unavoidable and scary uncertainties -- and more in encouraging and empowering people to watch their own backyards closely.
On the Carbon Pollution Front Lines, There's No Normal Anymore As Congress stumbles through an embarrassing year-end game of fiscal brinkmanship, the world continues its slow burn toward unchartered and dangerous territory.
Fiscal Cliff Molehill Masks Climate Cliff Fissure Toles' Climate Fissure is a menacing red (warming?) set of complex and, by implication, growing cracks that undermine the entire surface.
10 Most Memorable Animals Of 2012 From Vetstreet's Shayna Meliker
Ecomarkets Because markets see value only in parts of the ocean, and not in the whole, the valuable pieces are extracted and the rest is degraded. To scale up ocean conservation, we need to level the playing field. We term this collection of tools \eco-markets.\
Top 10 Snow-Related Excuses for 2013 With all of the recent storms, roughly 63 percent of the U.S. is covered in snow. And since we're quickly heading to the time of year when the most snow falls, here are the top 10 ways to use snow as an excuse to not do something.
Winterizing Home Tips From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
12 Eco-Stories To Restore Your Faith In Humanity We often hear people complaining that there is much more bad news in the media than good news. This is even frequently the
Over the Cliff Past the cliff comes what, the abyss? Wherever the metaphors and rhetoric are headed as the stalemate in Congress continues, here in the real world the stakes are high for our health and the quality of our land, air and water.
Animal Photos Of The Year 2012 This year saw a \poaching epidemic\ soar, as rhinos continued to be killed in astonishing numbers, according to the Associated
Rudolph's Red Nose 6 Surprising Facts About Reindeer 11 Health Benefits of Christmas Dinner White Christmas
Oklahoma Storm 2012 The National Weather Service (NWS) said a tornado struck Mobile, Alabama, home to about 200,000 people, at about 5 p.m. local
Snowstorm Live The major snowstorm that is headed to the eastern Great Lakes and Northeast has commenced across the southern Plains, creating
Tomball, Texas Storm Turns Deadly As Tornadoes Hit Other Gulf Coast Regions Wilmington, N.C., Charleston, S.C., Savannah, Ga., and Jacksonville, Fla., are among the communities at risk on Wednesday
10 Remarkable Arctic Birds We asked ornithologist Dr. Nathan Senner, who studies Arctic species with the Cornell Lab of Ornithology, for his top 10
The Pet Spot, Australian Store, Refuses To Sell Puppies At Christmas, Suggests Adopting When Mandy Tregeagle, owner of a pet store in Adelaide, Australia, announced that she wouldn\u2019t sell puppies until after Christmas
Bizarre Animal Traits The animal kingdom is filled with many strange characteristics and behaviors. Some peculiar attributes, like the hippopotamus
White Christmas Weather 2012 A larger storm threatens to bring more snow to the eastern states in the days after Christmas, meteorologists said. (Editing
The Climate Post As lawmakers in Washington, D.C., debate the so-called fiscal cliff -- when U.S. federal tax increases and spending cuts are due to take effect at the end of 2012 -- new research in the journal Nature Climate Change says we are already at the edge of a climate cliff.
Dartmouth Students' Greenland Research Highlighted In 'Science A new video from a group of Dartmouth College graduate students shows what work is really like for female scientists. \Science
Clean Air Hangs Off the Fiscal Cliff The Sequestration. Lame duck session. These are terms that Americans have been hearing with regularity since the election. People understand that the stakes are high, but they may not be sure in what way.
Medical District's Bio Center Launches New Orleans Startups Over a decade ago, local leaders and Louisiana State University hatched plans to make Mid-City New Orleans a bio center. Economists cited a need to diversify beyond tourism, but residents have questioned the destruction of Lower Mid-City homes to make way for the BioDistrict.
Climate Change This Week Making the U.S. a global clean energy leader will ensure a heck of a lot more jobs, and a clean, safe future.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) Elsewhere in the U.S., entire states remain in drought conditions. 100 percent of Kansas was in \severe\ drought, with almost
Zoo Babies 2012 If you have pets, make sure to spay or neuter them. If you are thinking about getting a pet, consider the long-term responsibility
Kill Van Kull Oil Spill The leak occurred at Mays Ship Repair near Mariner's Harbor in the city's Staten Island borough, the Coast Guard said. It
Humboldt Squid Researchers Link Beachings, Mass 'Suicides' To Poisonous Algae Blooms While past researchers have only found trace levels of the toxic red-tide chemical in stranded squid, low doses of domoic
Killer Whale Facts From TakePart's David Kirby
'5 Reasons Kim Kardashian Shouldn't Support Dolphins In Captivity' Sadly, fellow reality star Kim Kardashian has followed in Snooki's pro-captivity footsteps by visiting the Miami Seaquarium
Yorkie Cam YorkieCam, The Pet Collective's most recent 24/7 live stream, features one girl and two boys. The girl is the smallest of
Animal Photos Of The Week As the year wraps up, Vetstreet has announced their list of Most Popular Puppy Names Of 2012. Click here to find out if your
'Fossil Free' Campaign By 350.org's Bill McKibben Aims To Convince Colleges Not To Invest In Oil The group\u2019s title refers to the 350 parts per million of carbon dioxide considered to be the upper safe limit to concentrate
China's 'Mountain-Moving Project' Near Lanzhou Aims To Flatten Territory For Development (VIDEO) \The establishment of the Lanzhou New Area marks the country's latest effort to accelerate development of the western regions
The Best Destinations For An Arctic Adventure It might be fair to characterize this part of the earth as stark and barren, but if you look past the weather, there is a
Finding Hope in the Final Hours of the Doha Climate Conference To be clear, we are still barreling down the highway to a dangerously warming world. But in the wee hours of the final night's negotiations I asked delegates whether they found any reason to be optimistic about the future as a result of their time in Doha.
Countries Acting at Home to Address Global Warming Some of these battles have been won this year, but more confronts us. Here are some examples of actions by key countries and why it is critical that we succeed on these efforts in the next few years.
BP Oil Spill Flow Rate Vastly Understated For Weeks, Emails Show In a sworn statement released in April after Mix\u2019s indictment, Barbara O\u2019Donnell, an FBI special agent, said Mix deleted
With Sandy, a Call for Transforming Coastal Cities If the \big weather\ phenomenon is real, some of the most valuable real estate in the United States -- lower Manhattan, for example -- may become unsuitable for its current level of residential or commercial activity. Real estate values may, however, be the least of our concerns.
The Bottom Line Scientists, small business owners, nature lovers, and anglers sent letters and spoke out at public hearings. And it was all about a fish that almost no one ever eats -- Atlantic menhaden.
Climate Change This Week Friggin' Fracking Foiling Human Health all over the U.S., as both underground and accidental above ground releases of toxic chemicals enter our air and water, reports Elizabeth Royte at The Nation. Think organic chemicals, heavy metals and even radioactivity. Fun, huh?
Weather's Two Winter Seasons From Thanksgiving through Christmas Day, it's not that we tolerate snow and cold; we actually enjoy it and look forward to it. But for the remainder of the winter, we go back to our snow-hating ways.
Animal Photos Of The Week Find some of the week's best animal photos below
Unfinished Business The problem is the illnesses \u00ad\u00ad-- like BP's oil\u00ad\u00ad -- just don't \go away\ because it's an inconvenience for oil companies and the federal government in charge of an impossible situation
Cutest Pets Of 2012 Despite the near-infinite number of pet photos flooding Instagram, Facebook and email inboxes, the world just can't seem
Animal Photos Of The Week Find some of the week's best animal photos below
HuskyCam If you do choose to give an animal as a gift, consider adopting a pet in need of a home, and be sure to spay/neuter them
5 American Towns Leapfrogging Toward A Greener Future Individual towns and cities are crafting their own responses to the challenges of human-induced climate change. They're doing
Opossum Facts From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
Turkey Facts From Networx's Chaya Kurtz
5 Steps To Pitch A Neighborhood Recycling Program If you're concerned about recycling in your apartment complex, condo complex or neighborhood, you can pitch a recycling program
Recyclable Materials From Earth911's Kathryn Sukalich
Chris Christie \This preliminary number is based on the best available data, field observations and geographical mapping, and supported
2012 National Dog Show \u201cSky is a very beautiful Wire Fox Terrier,\u201d said Sky\u2019s handler, Gabriel Rangel. \u201cShe is a natural show dog with a short, well
Black Friday Activities Here are some alternative Black Friday plans that are easier, often cheaper, and more eco-friendly than hitting the shops
Winter Snow Outlook Offers Hope For U.S. Skiers And Boarders In light of the complicated winter forecast, what is a skier or snowboarder to do? Typical weather pattern during years without
NOAA Seeks Public Input On Looming Satellite Gap Faced with the near certainty of a lengthy gap in observations from a key weather satellite, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
UNEP Greenhouse Gas Emissions Report Finds Climate Change Goals Growing More Elusive The UNEP report highlights the gap between these pledges and cuts needed put the world on a \likely\ path to stay below the
Shannon Elizabeth Becomes Adopt A Turkey Spokesperson \Too many people only consider cats and dogs when they think about loving animals,\ she told HuffPost. \They don't realize
Keystone XL March Follows 'Do The Math' Event In Washington, D.C. Following Bill McKibben's \Do The Math\ tour stop in Washington, D.C. Sunday, members of 350.org and other activists are
Thousands Rally in DC for Major Keystone XL Protest The media likes to make Keystone XL out as simply a political test, a sign of whether or not the president will side with environmentalists or the fossil fuel industry and their allies. But the fight against Keystone has never just been a political fight
Protecting Polar Bears for Future Generations Observable even during my 10 short years working in the field, the polar bears I see today aren't as big as they used to be. Their unique environment is changing.
Animal Photos Of The Week Looking for some added cuteness to wrap up your week? Check out these adorable baby animals from the new ZooBorns book. In
Oil Platform Fire Sends Shockwaves Through Gulf On Heels of Record BP Fines The largest oil spill in America's history should have been a wake-up call. If we refuse to learn from that mistake, it will become a recurring nightmare instead.
After Sandy, Communication Breakdown Hampered Efforts To Find Evacuated Seniors In the week following the storm, more than two dozen family members of residents at nursing homes in the Rockaways emailed
Polar Bear Denning in a Changing World We see the effects of a warming world manifest in many aspects of polar bears' life cycle from reduced numbers to shrinking body sizes, from smaller litters of cubs to altered movement patterns. Like a vet studying a sick animal, we see many problems in the world of polar bears today.
VIDEO These laggard coal-reliant companies are responsible for ecologically destructive coal mining and the carbon dioxide emissions that drive global climate change, not to mention a litany of dangerous pollutants.
The Dust Bowl See all Talk Nerdy to Me posts. Like Cara Santa Maria on Facebook. Follow Cara Santa Maria on Twitter. Joining us on stage
The Media Blunder of the Month -- Energy Independence, so NOT America's oil addiction and oil dependence are not a thing of the past -- whatever the media may have yipped at each other's heels to tell you this week.
Fracking Sand May Pose Health Hazard To Workers, Residents \This is in people's backyards,\ Rotkin-Ellman added. \It doesn't take much silica to cause a health problem.\ When asked
Ten Grassroots Lessons From Monsanto's Swift-Boating of the Prop37/Label GMO Campaign Our consumer movement made the costly mistake of arming itself with peace signs and love beads for what turned out to be a gunfight with a ruthless, assault rifle-equipped enemy.
Hurricane Sandy -- Not Over By a Long Shot Should those affected rebuild with help from the federal government? Or should this storm be the game-changer?
Blackey, Kentucky Earthquake Rattles Appalachian Mountains Near Virginia Border Nov 10 (Reuters) - A light 4.3 magnitude earthquake rattled southeastern Kentucky on Saturday at 12:08 p.m. ET (1708 GMT
Global Warming Poll It's not just American voters that are becoming more convinced that climate change is a real problem. Some Republican politicians
Hurricane Sandy Survivors Wonder What's Next At the moment, Ashen has no idea what the future holds for his dealership or his employees. He has no work for his workers
FEMA Fuel AWOL For Sandy Survivors But why fuel shortages still exist is a mystery -- and not just to furious motorists. Never mind filling up -- just getting
Staten Island Residents Say Official Hurricane Sandy Response Has Been Slow And Inadequate Frank, along with his wife, daughter and his parents, all fled their home last Sunday afternoon. But on Monday, his parents
The Green Elephant in the Room While Sandy has impacted campaign schedules, she has not yet altered the agenda, let alone the day's talking points.
Move Over, Romney and Obama Shane and Sia Barbi, the animal activists and legendary Playboy celebrities, would like us to understand that humans as a species represent \the 1 percent,\ with animals and the environment making up the 99 percent.
Are Nuclear Plants Safe in Hurricanes? Incident During Sandy Suggests They May Not Be Sandy did not kill hundreds -- as Hurricane Katrina did in New Orleans in 2005 -- thanks, in part, to timely evacuations and rescue efforts. And luckily, it did not trigger an even greater disaster at one of the region's nuclear power plants. But it could have.
In Sandy's Wake, Insurance Industry Must Better Account For Climate Change, Critics Say Hartwig added that government subsidized property insurance, like the National Flood Insurance Program or the Citizens Property
Nor'easter The new storm's path is predicted to move from the Southeast Tuesday night into New Jersey on Wednesday, said Brian McNoldy
Listening to Hurricane Sandy Nowhere in the world is the issue of climate change as polarizing as it is here in the U.S. American politicians' silence on climate change is not only out of step with the rest of the world, but also with the American people, the vast majority of whom are concerned about climate change.
Before/After Hurricane Sandy Photos Show How Storm Devastated East Coast (INTERACTIVE PICTURES) As the U.S. East Coast assesses the damage wreaked by Hurricane Sandy, photos have emerged revealing a very changed coastline
The Hurricane and the Election Just as Hurricane Sandy stripped our vulnerable shores, so has she stripped away our illusions that this election is just about our economy or our social issues. This election is about our future and our children's survival in a world wracked by weather disasters that climate scientists warn is the new normal.
After Death In Rockaways During Hurricane Sandy, A Question ************************* When the water came, everything went calm. Though the Manhattan skyline is clearly visible from
The Days After the Storm Like the firefighters who risked their lives, we of all creeds, all ages and all political stripes must come together and work with the same tireless strength and courage to replace CO2-producing energy sources with clean energy and smart grid technologies.
It's Not Stupid to Question Global Warming's Role in Sandy Liberals are supposed to believe that all extreme weather is proof of climate change, and the conservative position is one of denial. When it comes to the weather, though, I prefer science to politics.
Hurricane Sandy Shows Us Why We Can't Afford Dirty Energy Projects Like the Keystone XL Tar Sands Pipeline I rarely agree with President Obama, and Governor Romney remains my choice for president on other grounds. However, my fellow Republicans should concede that the president made the right call in January when he postponed granting a permit to build the pipeline.
Asbestos May Pose Health Hazards In Hurricane Sandy's Wake The latter fact may be particularly concerning given that the superstorm sent roofs buckling, breaking and blowing off buildings
Hurricane Sandy Volunteer PHOTOS [View the widget on SlideChute] Collecting supplies at a local community center? Cleaning up debris in your neighborhood
Fighting, Unruliness Hinder Hurricane Sandy Recovery In New York, New Jersey Many residents of powerless neighborhoods have even managed to make a bit of light out of the mildly post-apocalyptic nature
Should Flood Survivors of Hurricane Sandy Relocate? Fifty-five percent of the nation's population lives in counties protected by levees. The time has come to admit that one-size-fits-all flood protection will not adequately protect the regions with the most people, property and infrastructure.
Did Obama Finally Catch a Climate Break? Any bounce for Obama due to perceived linkages between Sandy and climate change is likely a good thing for environmentalists, particularly given that it is coming so close to the election.
Jewelry DIY Projects From Networx's Linda Merrill
Hurricane Sandy Pet Emergency Plan 7) Get Back Into A Routine -- If your pet is used to a certain walk, get them back into their usual routines, advises the
How Fujiwhara Effect Will Toss Hurricane Sandy Into U.S. A vortex is a flow pattern in a fluid that has rotation about a center:\u00a0water spiraling down the bathtub drain, the swirling
Animal Photos Of The Week Tampa Bay, Florida's \Mystery Monkey\ was captured this week after roaming the St. Petersburg area for several years. The
Hurricane Sandy Threatens U.S. East Coast Sandy also blew the presidential race off course, forcing President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney to
Climate Change Sandy Says to US, 'Take That, Idiots!' We might as well keep it simple and just say this superstorm is caused by our human-made climate change.
Hurricane Sandy Power Outages Could Reach 10 Million, Utilities Brace With Reinforcements Con Edison of New York said over the weekend that it was expecting damages to electrical equipment both above and, due to
Hurricane Sandy Megastorm In this case, seas will be amped up by giant waves and full-moon-powered high tides. That will combine with drenching rains
Hurricane Sandy Map Shows Storm's Path Towards U.S. Northeast As Hurricane Sandy moves north through the Atlantic, cities in the U.S. Northeast are bracing for \a potential 1 in 100 year
Hurricane Sandy The 62-year-old songwriter has multiple medical complications as a result of having polio in 1954. Pavane, who lives in New
Hurricane Sandy 2012 Photos Haitians continue to struggle from the 2010 earthquake, and concerns are mounting once again. \u201cThe situation is disastrous
Local Maps Show Hurricane Sandy's Five-Fold Flood Threat Hurricane Sandy threatens to cause major coastal flooding from North Carolina to Maine. Use the links below to see interactive
Frankenstorm With so much information being generated from weather and non-weather sources, it's difficult to separate fact from fiction. If you're in the potential path of the storm, then follow local sources of weather information extremely closely and take any necessary actions to best prepare yourself.
Persistent Oil Sheen at Macondo Well Site There is a real problem at the site. Oil is definitely there, and it is a true problem. Think about it. From April 20, 2010 to July 15, 2010, the well flowed something around 5 million barrels of oil into the ocean environment. Only a small portion of that oil was recovered or burned.
The Politics of 'Climate Silence' So what's going on? Well, you could start by following the money. Of the $12.5 million donated to by the energy and natural resources industries to political action committees supporting a presidential candidate this campaign cycle, 84 percent went to Republicans.
Animal Photos Of The Week Below, find some of our favorite animal photos taken in the past week
Pesticides Are Killing Bumblebee Colonies, Risking Pollination Vital To Plant-Based Foods, Study Says PARASITES The average number of bees lost in the experiment - both dead in the nesting box and failing to return - was about
Best Sloth Videos Ever Being slow and somewhat lazy give sloths a bad rap. But thankfully, people have realized how cute these furry guys are, with
Actress Julianne Moore Asks Washington for a Plan to Fight Climate Change Scientists can enlightens us with sound science and tell us,\The wait and see approach to the climate crisis will be too late,\ while celebrities can illuminate and help amplify this message.
U.N. Green Climate Fund To Be Based In South Korea The Green Climate Fund is to be sited in Songdo, Incheon City, South Korea, the board of the fund said. Germany, Mexico, Namibia
Green Halloween Costumes 2012 Do you have an easy, free Halloween costume planned for this year or that you've worn in years past? Submit your photo to
In Oregon, Green Landscapes And Green Wineries Go Hand In Hand \u201cThe flagship for the Oregon wine industry is a bottle of super-premium Pinot Noir,\u201d he told us. \u201cA stellar Oregon Pinot
Clean Energy Investment Slows Amid Uncertainty Unless there\u2019s a remarkable turnaround brewing right now \u2014 and nobody\u2019s seeing any such thing \u2014 2012 could give us the first
Animal Photos Of The Week In a civil lawsuit filed in Montana state court this week, eight conservation groups requested a judge to end wolverine trapping
Reusable Replacements For Foil And Plastic Wrap To help you halt the endless stream of single-use cooking waste, Earth911 gathered up five clever (and reusable) ways to
Recycling Electronics, Donating Books And More From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Climate Law Is Good Business for California AB32 should be a no-brainer for California businesses, so long as it's done right. Implementing the law is a challenge we all face moving forward, but it's one that smart state businesses should be engaged in, not fighting against.
Carbon Dioxide May Damage Glaciers, Researchers Suggest Reach Becky Oskin at boskin@techmedianetwork.com. Follow her on Twitter@beckyoskin. Follow OurAmazingPlanet on Twitter\u00a0@OAPlanetWe're
Oil Losing Grip On Transport Industry Market, Report Claims LONDON, Oct 8 (Reuters) - - The transport industry that burns over half the world's oil is wriggling free from dependence
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Rise With GDP But Slower To Fall During Recession, Study Finds Emissions of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas, rose by an average of 0.73 percent for every 1 percent growth in gross
Animal Photos Of The Week This week saw several good stories emerge from the animal world. In Costa Rica, national park rangers rescued an endangered
Fostering Pringle His name is Pringle. Well, that's the name the rescue folks gave the scrawny Yorkie-mixed breed they'd found dumped on the streets of a neighborhood known for their high kill shelter. He is my first foster dog.
8 Creepiest Places In U.S. National Parks For the most part, there's nothing to fear, but if you're looking to add a little spooky spice to your next outdoor adventure
'Avatar' 2 Will Have Greener Set With Solar Array, James Cameron Announces Beyond the green themes present in both production and the films' plot lines, the 58-year-old director also has big plans
Peter Grillo, Hawaii Fisherman, Finds Japanese Boat, Debris From 2011 Tsunami \When it occurred to me that it could have come from Japan, and from the tsunami, I measured from where I was to Tokyo Bay
Remembering New Zealand's Rena Oil Spill, 1 Year Later In the early morning hours of October 5, 2011, the MV Rena, a large cargo ship carrying 1,368 containers, struck a reef in
BP Oil Spill Settlement By Roberta Rampton In a bipartisan letter - a rare sight ahead of the Nov. 6 presidential elections - eight senators told
Seafloor Explorer A press release explains
Animal Photos Of The Week In case you missed it, check out this video of a woman hand-feeding a wild stingray. This week we witnessed a female dolphin
Climate Change To Shrink Fish By 2050 As Oceans Warm Adding to climate change, other human factors \such as over-fishing and pollution, are likely to further exacerbate such
Alpaca Facts This Sept. 29-30 is National Alpaca Farm Day (well, weekend, really), so in honor of all things Vicugna pacos, we're filling
Exploratorium Aims For Net-Zero Energy Use If it meets the goal, this science museum in San Francisco will be the largest net-zero energy use museum in the nation. Read
Pacific Great Whites Inch Closer to Protection Since the release of Jaws in 1975, we've been wading into the water a bit more tentatively. But it is the sharks that need to worry. They've been around for almost half a billion years, but they could go extinct on the West Coast in the coming decades.
Y-12 National Security Complex, Tennessee Nuclear Site, Ends Security Contract Following Nun's Break-In Chu received a classified review of the Y-12 incident earlier in the week by the department's health, safety, and security
Carmageddon Improved Los Angeles Air Quality During 2011 Freeway Closure, Study Shows A spokesman for the South Coast Air Quality Management District, Sam Atwood, told the Los Angeles Times that LA has the \worst
Volunteering With Pets From Mother Nature Network's Sidney Stevens
Affleck And Damon Team Up Again For 'Race To The South Pole' Film will be based on the true story of 2 explorers in the early 1900s and their quest to be the first to reach the South
Forget The Melting Arctic, Sea Ice In Antarctica Is Growing!! The sea ice that covers the Arctic Ocean has plummeted to its lowest level on record -- but down at the other end of the
Extreme Weather Threaten Insurers' Risk Models, New Report Shows From Climate Central's Andrew Freedman
Animal Photos Of The Week This week, the world learned more about what may be the first-ever liliger. Born last month at a zoo in Russia, Kiara is
Dwindling Arctic Ice Signals a Clear Need for Change The dramatic changes happening in the Arctic should send shockwaves through the world about the polluting energy sources we use to power our lives. We can no longer operate in business-as-usual mode.
GMO Debate Heats Up \I do think that this new study again raises an alarm bell, and ought to be followed up by much more careful studies with
First Day Of Fall That's because geomagnetic storms, which are disturbances in Earth's magnetic field, are more common in spring and fall than
Land of the Free, Home of the Brave Shujaa was paralyzed. He had been shot multiple times and had to have a bullet removed from his spine. After having the bullet removed, he recovered with a great foster mom and the second phase of his rescue was being planned.
Why 'Breakthrough' Wind Turbines Are Usually Bunk What\u2019s not to love about a World War II veteran\u2019s revolutionary new wind turbine that\u2019s virtually silent and doesn\u2019t harm
Millie and Me Mega-fires like Millie will become increasingly common in the years to come, as climate-change clears our forests. The men and women who fight fires in our country are the best we -- and our government -- have to offer.
Climate Change \The window of opportunity to preserve the majority of coral reefs, part of the world's natural heritage, is small,\ said
'Red List' Of Endangered Ecosystems Proposed By International Union For The Conservation Of Nature The details of the criteria that will be used to assess which ecosystems are in danger are planned for publication in a scientific
Wind Power Production Tax Credit Can Create Green Jobs, Environmentalists Argue The report said non-construction businesses would account for 557 jobs \u2014 432 in manufacturing, 80 in planning and development
'Test It, Maybe' Promotes Safe Chemicals Act, Parodies Carly Rae Jepsen (VIDEO) Some parodies of Carly Rae Jepsen's hit \Call Me, Maybe\ may be more memorable than others, but few carry as strong of a
Animal Photos Of The Week Environmentalists filed a lawsuit in federal court this week seeking protection for two species of Arctic ice seals. The
'Bird-Apartment' In Japan Now Open Above Komoro City's Momofuku Ando Center Given that birds are clever, instinctive little creatures, I'd like to think that they're fully aware of the unofficial leasing
Home Money Saving Tips If you're a low-maintenance homeowner, then you will want to pay close attention to whether a tree sheds a lot. Sycamores
Coal Industry Advertisements Over The Years (PHOTOS) Along with these adverse health effects, coal-fired power plants also emit significant quantities of carbon dioxide. The
7 Amazing Islands For Eco-Tourists For travelers who want to get completely off the beaten path and experience nature up close and unfiltered, these islands
Animal Photos Of The Week In case you missed it, check out this funny clip of a dog and fish that share a few kisses in a lake. Find some of the week's
Climate Change Stress Killing Forests, And Why it Matters Forest die-offs also impose an economic hit on loggers and those who depend on income from hikers, campers and others who
\u2018Blue Carbon\u2019 Adding To Carbon Emission Blues Climate scientists know with impressive accuracy how fast carbon dioxide is increasing in the atmosphere. A decade ago, there
The Climate Post As campaigning for the November presidential election moves forward, President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney spelled out their interpretations on one issue in a bit more detail than usual.
Meatless Monday \We've lost our humanity, completely ignoring the suffering of these animals. How can we turn away and not look at their suffering when we are responsible for it?  We are what drives this industry.\
Canada's Mackenzie River Needs Aid As Climate 'Refrigerator' There are already signs of a changing climate - such as a melting of ice roads, more insect pests in forests and even cases
Top 6 Common Myths About Smart Meter Danger Exposed The Smart Grid Consumer Collaborative (SGCC) recently released an informative video and fact sheet designed to help consumers
Animal Photos Of The Week This week saw a number of interesting animal stories emerge. In Indonesia, a 40-year-old orangutan named Gober can now see
Climate Change This Week Most experts now agree that the polar summer ice is beyond the point of return, and consequences will be profound, including significant changes in weather patterns for the U.S. and other countries in the northern hemisphere.
Pet Safety Tips More on Vetstreet
Electronic Recycling Electronics education programs sometimes have a use for old components; you can contact the instructor to see if they are
Money Saving Tips From DealNews' Lou Carlozo
Chris Christie's Environment Record \u201cThe interest is there,\u201d Tittel said. \u201cBut the industry is leering of investing without the law implemented, and the more
Hurricane Isaac Animals To learn more about efforts to help animals affected by Isaac, visit websites for the SPCA of Texas, ASPCA, The Northeast
Scrap Metal and Electric Cars I get it that electric gizmos are sexier than their diesel-powered cousins and all that. Who would want to drive the A-Team van when you could drive something shiny and shaped like a computer mouse? But surely we're going to base spending on more than just looks, right? ....Right?
Why Green Is Good For Labor Fighting for clean air and clean water creates jobs and improves working conditions, and fighting for good-paying, American jobs works for the environment.
Governor Brown A bill is now on California governor Jerry Brown's desk that will end these brutal practices and save lives. The Humane Treatment for Farm Workers Act (AB 2676) says that agricultural employers must treat farm workers at least as well as animals or face the same criminal penalties.
Sea Level Rise, It's Real and No Joke (VIDEO) To help our families now and in the future, we must stop treating our atmosphere like a sewer. We can all take individual action  and become a nation of citizen entrepreneurs taking responsibility for a corner of our world.
It's Not the Elephant in the Room at the RNC More than the economy, more than who is president, more than who is at war with whom, the effects of global warming will be a major \decider\ of our future. And yet, climate change plans were nowhere on the agenda at the RNC.
Hurricane Isaac 2012 Threat Looms Over Florida Keys As Tropical Storm Lashes Cuba In its latest advisory, the NH said Isaac was churning west-northwest at 18 miles (30 km) per hour. The storm was officially
Hurricane Irene Video SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO SLIDESHOW Although not as bad as some analysts predicted, the hurricane prompted the evacuation of
Animal Photos Of The Week This week saw the tragic death of a zookeeper in Germany. A 43-year-old female was killed by a tiger after a \gate wasn't
Kansas Rainfall Central Kansas received the most rain on Saturday and Sunday, three to four inches in many areas and six inches in some spots
Broken Glass Projects We all know that breaking a mirror is said to bring on bad luck, but personally, I\u2019m much less concerned about a supposed
Sea Level Rise Threatens Countries, Regions And Cities Around The World (PHOTOS) Below, find some of the countries, regions and cities that may be most vulnerable to sea level rise, in part due to climate
Giraffe Pictures Native to Africa, giraffes are the tallest land animals in the world. While they number over 100,000 individuals in the wild
How To Avoid A Shark Attack Below, find 25 tips for avoiding a shark attack. Photos and tips courtesy of Discovery. Check out more tips for staying safe
Is Global Warming Inevitable? A Case Study Climate change seems to be everywhere this summer -- freak storms, wildfires, record high temperatures.
The Visual Chronicles of the Urban Bicycle Today, across the world, in multiple contexts, the allure of the bicycle knows no bounds.  For the past several years, I have been documenting this trend with my own photographs, in order to tell a short story with minimal words.
Shark Week 2012 On the sled, Kurr used a Phantom to capture a \colossal\ great white breaching from water-level. The expedition was not without
World Elephant Day 2012 (PHOTOS) Want to continue the elephant celebration? Get ready for Elephant Appreciation Day next month! Founded as a royal initiative
Animal Photos Of The Week Explanations behind several interesting animal traits were also revealed this week. We learned that sperm whales sleep while
The Best Ticket Dirty Money Can Buy I am sure the Koch brothers are smiling this morning because they have been cultivating Congressman Ryan since he set foot on Capitol Hill, giving him one of his first donations in 1999.
Dust Storms' Health Risks Navy Capt. Mark Lyles, of the Center for Naval Warfare Studies at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I., found high levels
Dr. Drew's PETA Campaign Advocates To Spay And Neuter Pets (PHOTO/VIDEO) Beyond spay/neuter, PETA suggests choosing shelter adoption over purchasing pets from a store. It's best when considering
Sustainability At The London Olympics To find out how the ODA is shrinking the footprint of the summer games, let\u2019s take a look inside the Olympic Park and see
Abe Connally, Josie Moores Discuss Life Off The Grid What does a typical day look like for the family of four? And while a concern for the environment was also not the primary
Ocean Acidification Could Disrupt Marine Food Chains, Scientists Say So a shift towards acidification in the ocean was likely to force animals to have smaller skeletons, he said of the study
Animal Photos Of The Week In lighter animal news, this orphaned baby walrus at the Alaska SeaLife Center appears to have made quite an impression on
Dramatic Photos of Glacier National Park Then and Now Show Climate Change Congress Denies When the Glacier National Park was established in 1910, it had 150 glaciers.  This stunning collection drew tourists from all over America.   Today there are just 25, and they are shrunken remnants of their former selves.
Baby Sloth Drinks Milk From A Syringe At Burgers Zoo In The Netherlands (PHOTOS) Famous for being the slowest moving mammals on Earth, sloths rely on an herbivorous diet that makes them naturally listless
Planes, Trains And Automobiles To help you choose the mode of transportation that\u2019s right for you \u2013 and has the smallest impact on our planet \u2013 Earth911
Greenland Glacier's Falling Ice Creates Enormous Wave (VIDEO) Video uploader Jens M\u00f8ller writes, \The beautiful scenery was amazing.\ He notes, \nature doesn't care about anyone. That
Shark Week 2012 To Celebrate 25 Years Launched in 1988, this year's event is celebrating its 25th year anniversary, with new specials such as \Shark Week's 25
Old Socks From Networx's S.E. Smith
Olympic Equestrian Transport From Mother Nature Network's John Platt
Home Security Tips From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Richard Muller Last year, Muller told the Huffington Post that though he believes climate change exists, \I certainly feel that there is
Panda Pictures Giant pandas may be a common sight in popular culture and are an important symbol for China, but the Asian bear species is
Enbridge's Wisconsin Pipeline Leak To Be Repaired Another line, the 180,000 bpd Line 13, which carries diluents from Chicago to Edmonton, Alberta, was restarted late Saturday
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week was marked by extreme weather across the world. Severe storms hit the U.S. Northeast, leaving two dead and over
Great Lakes Water Temperatures At Record Levels Looking to escape to the beach this summer? Well, before you book that trip to Cape Cod or the Outer Banks of North Carolina
Tornado Season 2012 The weather has been characterized by a sprawling area of High Pressure over the Central U.S., which has brought stifling
Wisconsin Oil Spill PREVIOUS SPILLS Just weeks ago, the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board delivered a scathing report of Enbridge's handling
Breaking Ramping up renewed efforts to end mountaintop removal mining in central Appalachia, scores of protesters staged a daring action at the controversial Hobet strip mine today in Lincoln County, West Virginia.
Fairfield Creek Fire Sparked By Lightning In Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman declared a state of emergency. National Guard helicopters dropped water on the flames. An aerial tanker
U.S. Wildfires Map Reveals Rising Menace The data, provided by two NASA satellites, were \about two mouse clicks away,\ said John Nelson, the map's maker, and the
Animal Photos Of The Week Below, check out some of the best animal photos from around the world this week. A black bear cub made a visit to a shopping
Solazyme And Gevo Inc. Part Of Pentagon Effort To Switch To Biofuels Wolfson said campaign contributions by people associated with Solazyme had nothing to do with the company's Washington agenda
Flash Drought In U.S. Explained In 14 Seconds This animation shows the rapid progression of the U.S. drought during the late spring into mid-summer, based on U.S. Drought
Causes Of Midwest Drought \u201cLa Ni\u00f1a conditions are perfect for getting drought in the southern parts of the U.S. There is absolutely no doubt that that
We Are the Kalamazoo On July 25, 2010, an oil company spilled more than a million gallons of toxic tar sands crude just a few miles from Susan Connolly's house. As the spill spread, they could smell the fumes. But it wasn't until later that night that they realized something was seriously wrong
Garbage-Eating Drone Destroys Ocean Pollution Unlike the drones that have been causing so much controversy, this robot is designed to operate underwater, and instead of
Solar Power China\u2019s plan for 2012 will make it one of the world\u2019s biggest solar markets. In 2011, Germany added 7.5 GW of capacity, but
1 Million Names, Legal Threat Spur Arctic Campaign Yesterday I was served with an urgent notice from Shell, the world's wealthiest oil company, whom in the past weeks we have been vigorously and prominently campaigning against in our Save The Arctic drive.
Animal Photos Of The Week It was revealed this week that climate change and decreasing snow cover could have an impact on wolverines' eating habits
Johnsons Landing Landslide According to the Canadian Press, the woman reported '\surges of chocolate-coloured water that came down Gar Creek' each bringing
Climate Change This Week The grazing lands of scores of U.S. ranchers have been charred by blazes or ravaged by drought amid a regional shortfall of the alfalfa hay that could stave off starvation, reports Laura Zuckerman at Reuters News. The choice? Feed or sell.
Alaska Salmon On the Kuskokwim River, the 2012 salmon return is shaping up as one of the worst in state history, according to state Department
Will the Tea Party Destroy an American Industry to Weaken President Obama? Voters should not forgive members of Congress who hurt the country to help their electoral chances -- and do so intentionally. But voter accountability for politicians won't save the jobs and livelihoods that are going down all over America this summer in the wind supply chain.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) Extreme weather hit around the world this week as heavy flooding and mudslides killed at least 15 in Japan. The Associated
The Elephant in the Room For years, too many political and opinion leaders around the world have shrugged off concerns about rapid population growth and escalating consumption patterns as overstated warnings from scientific Chicken Littles.
Bill Nye Talks About Climate Change And Wildfires, Defends Himself After CNN Reporter Calls Him 'Kooky' (VIDEO) Though Nye isn't a climatologist, he says graphs and recent events pretty much speak for themselves. Nye won several Emmys
Is This the New Normal? It isn't the incremental changes in temperature associated with global warming that will necessarily have the biggest immediate effects; rather, it's that statistical inevitability -- the even bigger extreme events -- that will cause massive die-offs.
Change Is Here. Climate Change. American families are looking to you for leadership on climate change--before it becomes catastrophic climate chaos.
Do-It-Yourself List and captions courtesy of Networx Got any other ideas? Leave a comment! I\u2019m ready to clear out again, and I\u2019ve been thinking
It Cannot Be Denied How about setting a similarly themed film in Oklahoma, beginning with residents discussing their feelings about Senator James Inhofe's insistence that climate change is all a big hoax that Margaret Thatcher, Pope John Paul II, and Pope Benedict XVI somehow fell for?
To Politicians Napping on the Fireline These fires reflect unprecedented conditions. Atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases are the highest they have been in at least 800,000 years, largely the result of rapidly growing use of coal, oil and natural gas.
Elephant Pictures For more information about elephants and how to help them, visit the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW), The David
'Reef Fishes Of The East Indies' Book Release The threat of losing this extraordinary ecosystem led to the creation of the Coral Triangle Initiative in 2007.The initiative
Zoonoses Study Finds Animal-To-Human Diseases Kill Millions Each Year Dependence on livestock Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook\u00a0& Google+. Out of 56 zoonoses
Humanitarian Disaster From Electricity Crisis Grows in Coalfields, As Coal Baron Entertains PGA Golf Tour, Rock Stars An estimated 90 Appalachian Power distribution substations were toppled last week.  Since then, residents have attempted to fend off brutal summer temperatures without electricity, along with shortages of food, water and gas.
'This Is Just the Beginning' Democracy Now! hosts a discussion about the politics of news reporters linking climate change to their coverage of extreme weather events with The Guardian's U.S. environment correspondent Suzanne Goldenberg and Jeff Masters, director of meteorology at the Weather Underground website.
Snorkeling Underneath Half-Dome Our collective dependence on oil remains a fundamental threat to our economies, our security, and the very lands and waters upon which we depend and which we love.
On the Media Given the extreme weather we've been seeing lately, it's becoming (finally) clear to many journalists that we have a trend in our weather patterns -- a trend exacerbated by climate change, according to legitimate climate scientists.
Oldest Animals From Vetstreet's Laura Cross
Rio+20 The Rio+20 UN conference on sustainable development is over. The conference declaration, titled \The Future We Want,\ is a weak and meaningless document.
No, Natural Gas Is Not America's Future Big, centrist, statesmanlike leadership isn't found in last century's energy sources. We aren't going to frack our way to a cleaner, brighter future. We need a bold, 21st century vision for energy.
Ban Fireworks? What's not to love about 4th of July fireworks? Apparently, there's a few issues that cause me to pause and wonder what else we're shooting up into the sky.
Free the Rockville 15! We need to communicate with Dr Francis Collins, Director of the NIH, to ask him to intervene to have the Rockville 15 released to sanctuary, rather than warehoused in a laboratory at taxpayers' expense.
Tensions in West Virginia Echo National Debate Will polluting industries continue to resist public health safeguards at every turn? Will energy companies keep looking backward or will they start embracing change? Will we elect leaders who represent special interests or ordinary citizens?
Baby Beluga Whale Rescued Off Alaskan Coast, Experts Work Round The Clock To Save Him (VIDEO) Last week, the Alaska Dispatch reported a baby beluga whale was rescued from Alaska's Bristol Bay region. Now marine mammal
NRDC's Beach Report Awards '5-Star' Ratings To 12 Locations Below, find America's 12 5-star beaches, as named by the NRDC report available here. According to a press release, these
Animal Photos Of The Week If Fourth of July fireworks and other noisy celebrations are likely to scare your pet, check out these tips for keeping them
Polluting Countries Ranked By Carbon Dioxide Emissions With Climate Considered In a new study, University of Michigan researchers accounted for both climate and GDP when looking at total emissions from
Is A Smart Thermostat Right For You? Earth911 sat down with Abigail Daken, an environmental engineer with EPA Energy Star, to help you determine if a smart thermostat
DIY Wedding Favors From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
The Recycled Wedding With the average U.S. wedding costing nearly $30,000, many couples assume that planning an eco-friendly event will only increase
Eco-Friendly Laundry Tips From Earth911's Leah Blunt
Animal Photos Of The Week If the weather in your area was too hot this week, take some advice from these puppies that figured out how to keep cool
Jungle Bird at the U.S. Open Andrew Dudley, a.k.a. Jungle Bird, made quite the impression when he interrupted last week's U.S. Open trophy presentation. In an interview this week, we spoke about his experience and what exactly his bird calls had to do with protesting deforestation.
Alternative Commitments at Rio+20 Make Big Impact Many have decried the final Rio+20 outcome document as weak and watered down, but the news is not all bad. Amidst the negative sentiments, there are new areas of commitment that foster hope that we are making meaningful progress in moving the needle on the sustainability agenda.
\No Way to Run a Planet?\ Thousands of committed, informed leaders who gathered in Rio knew -- and know -- that global, governmental collaboration must somehow be restored -- and that no progress in that direction was made here. Which is why it ended so sadly.
Lonesome George Dead Some 20,000 giant tortoises still live on the Galapagos. (Editing by Sandra Maler) * Galapagos park may decide to embalm
10 Must-See National Park Movie Cameos Whether they're masquerading as alien planets in sci-fi films or starring as heavily romanticized versions of themselves
Utah's Dump Fire And Colorado's High Park Fire Challenge Crews As fire managers predicted, winds with gusts of more than 20 miles per hour pushed the flames westward toward homes on Saturday
Sydney Harbor (Photo
'Toxies' Highlight Harmful Chemicals in Our Midst While the nominees at the Toxies -- an annual satirical awards ceremony that (dis)honors the most harmful toxic chemicals and pollutants -- may not be as recognizable to you as Emmy nominees, they are far more likely to play leading roles in your community and even your home.
Rhino Pictures With such low numbers, conservationists are working to protect the remaining Javan rhinos. In April, 120 new camera traps
At Rio's Giant Trash Dump, Protecting People and Oceans Alike Around the dump, impoverished Brazilians live, work and play in the discards of consumerism. Toxic chemicals, fetid liquid, and a river of plastic trash all pollute the salt water around the mangroves, which eventually runs out to the sea.
Cereal Bag Reuse Challenge A few brave Earth911 staffers decided to put their creativity to the test and accepted our Cereal Bag Reuse Challenge. Given
Advice From Dads From Earth911's Mary Mazzoni
Kenguru Electric Vehicle Offers Green Mobility Option For Wheelchair Users (VIDEO) The Kenguru, according to Translogic, can travel at speeds up to 25 miles per hour with a 60 mile range. It takes eight hours
Keystone XL Review Republicans want to include a provision to speed approval of the pipeline as part of the $109 billion Senate-passed package
Father's Day Gift Ideas 2012 Father's Day is coming up on Sunday, June 17th. While buying Dad a gift is something you can look forward to, take some time
Environmental Integrity Project Report Examines Coal Plants' Costs The report emphasizes the value of seeking cleaner and more efficient methods of electricity generation. An EPA hearing on
Animal Photos Of The Week Check out some of the best animal photos from around the world this week
New York Students Going Green Environmentally minded seventh-graders at The Mandell School in on the upper West Side on Monday will screen their short
The Importance of Impossible Ambitions Thinking back to a few of the most memorable environmental campaign victories from my own experience, it's fair to say that had they not been won, the world would be even closer to -- perhaps already beyond -- a catastrophic tipping point.
Saving the Ocean From a Wipeout Surfers know the importance of balance. It's the difference between a great ride and a wipeout, and it's a principle we can learn a lot from when it comes to how we treat the oceans we love so much.
House Committee Votes to Allow Illegal Loggers to Pillage World's Forests It is time to stand up against illegal logging and for American business, musicians that want instruments that are untainted, American workers, companies that want legal wood, and communities around the world devastated by deforestation.
'Sexual Depravity' Of Penguins Detailed In Historical Documents Now, thanks to Douglas Russell, curator of birds at the Natural History Museum in London, Levick's report, entitled \Sex
A Beacon in the Fog Humans have incredible technological skill and drive to produce and expand.  This skill and drive, however, is not yet matched by a drive to collectively curtail the massive environmental damage we are wreaking on the Earth and the systems that keep us alive.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) Below, find images from around the world this week of extreme weather and the damage it causes. Phil Klotzbach, the forecasts
Hands Across Riverdale The Riverdale Mobile Homes Park has become an unlikely nexus of resistance to corporate power. The \natural\ gas industry is no more natural than coal can be \clean,\ ready to grab what it wants and force itself into the earth without any regard for environmental or social consequences.
Rocket Trike Diaries Welcome to Rocket Trike Diaries, a 10 week video tour of the 2011 \Ride for Renewables
National Bio And Agro-Defense Center In Manhattan, Kansas Stalled By Budget, Politics Kansas cattle producers, who stand to be affected most if there were an accident, also have concerns. Kansas is the nation's
Rio Dialogues Part II Now in full swing, the Rio Dialogues continue to provide an opportunity for the civil, scientific, public and private communities to take their ideas center stage.
Great Barrier Reef In Australia Under Clear Threat - UN \\u201cConsidering the high rate of approvals over the past 12 years, this unprecedented scale of development affecting or potentially
Surprise, Surprise We shouldn't gamble what we can't afford to lose, and we can't afford to lose the Bristol Bay fishery. Period.
Green Toys For Toddlers From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
Hope for Illinois State Parks and Great Outdoors? Summer is here again, and many of us are looking forward to spending some time in the great outdoors in the months ahead. Will our beautiful state parks be open and in good shape when we're ready to get outside?
Meatless Monday \Being vegan is a glorious adventure.  It touches every aspect of my life -- my relationships, how I relate to the world,\ says Victoria Moran.  Holistic health counselor, longtime vegan and all-around glowing kind of person, Moran is author of books including Creating a Charmed Life and the new Main Street Vegan, a plant-based omnibus where spirit meets stomach and magic meets Main Street.
Dogs Of War In the spring of 2009, military working dogs and their handlers from a base near Baghdad attended a memorial service for
Animal Photos Of The Week Below, check out some of the best animal photos from the past week. For even weirder animal pictures, check out these creatures
Gulf Coast Tourists Return After BP Oil Spill, Some Areas Still Waiting To Recover By Kathy Finn * Some areas still waiting to recover \The phones stopped ringing after the oil spill,\ she said. Her agency
Tropical Storm Beryl Threatens Southeastern Coast From Florida To South Carolina The Atlantic hurricane season officially runs from June 1 to Nov. 30. It was reclassified as a tropical storm on Sunday. The
7 Of The Largest Landfills In The World According to the Environmental Protection Agency, the average American produces about 4.4 pounds of garbage a day. Read more
15 Stunning Pictures Of Starfish Sunbathing Starfish belong to a beach vacation like sandcastles and sunburn. They're not fish, of course, but rather close cousins of
Baby Koala Peeks Out Of Mom's Pouch At Taipei Zoo (VIDEO) Even though koalas are classified as being of \least concern\ on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, National Geographic
Memorial Day 2012 Memorial Day is on Monday, May 28th this year, and can kick off months of summertime fun. Beyond the activities, Memorial
Have We Reached 'Peak Car'? People under the age of 30 are waiting longer to get their driver's licenses and buying fewer cars. 88 percent prefer walkable
Japan Tsunami Debris Looms Off U.S. Coasts, Raising Environment Fears \We need something much more elaborate to understand and stop this debris before it actually reaches our shores,\ said Sen
100 Reasons Why You Should Care About The Pygmy Three-Toed Sloth Until ten years ago, the pygmy three-toed sloth lived undisturbed in its Caribbean paradise. Then the humans arrived. Read
Painting Out Climate Change, One Roof At A Time NYC's White Roof Project aims to paint every roof in the world white by 2030. Read more on TakePart
Dirty Business While we fight this battle against our own government for clean energy, we are being welcomed with open arms in Russia, China, Indonesia, and Australia, all who want our technology now.
Baby Chick And Cat Snuggle, Cat Unimpressed (VIDEO) Birds normally make great appetizers for hungry cats. Cozying up to the cat without an ounce of fear, the fuzzy little guy
Prey Lang We stayed in the forest homes of members of the Prey Lang Network, a grassroots association of villagers risking their lives to try and slow the destruction of their forest.
Rocket Trike Diaries Welcome to Rocket Trike Diaries, a 10-week video tour of the 2011 \Ride for Renewables
Gorilla Pictures Gorillas in captivity have been known to exceed their lifespans in the wild, but a great ape's passing can still be a sad
Invasive Procedures The rise of informed consent for invasive procedures demonstrates that, as a society, we take moral considerations seriously. People have a right to know in advance what chemicals are being used in hydraulic fracturing.
Gas, Break, Pedal By
Animal Photos Of The Week If you missed last week's animal photos, be sure to check out these images of endangered tigers. Animal Photos of the Week
A Challenge on Mother's Day There were several developments this week on the climate front that left me deeply disheartened and angry.
Mother's Day 2012 From Vetstreet's Linda Lombardi
Mother's Day Gifts 2012 Mother's Day is coming up on Sunday, May 13th. Even if you love your Mom, everyone gets busy and forgetful sometimes. If
Gray Whale Population Before Whaling Was Up to 5 Times Larger, Study Says By Jennifer Welsh, LiveScience Staff Writer The population of eastern Pacific gray whales shows a huge dip at the same point
The Lacey Act and the Law Two days ago, I pointed out Senator Rand Paul mislead the public regarding the arrest of two men for violating the Lacey Act by illegally harvesting lobsters. Senator Paul responded and implied that it was I, in fact, who was misleading the public.
7 Skyscrapers Being Struck By Lightning (PHOTOS) With a deafening sound, the lightning bolt strikes the building\u2019s antenna, while onlookers instinctively cover their ears
Connecting the Dots Towards the Empires of Our Future Yesterday thousands of people \connected the dots\ as they rally around the world to highlight the profound link between extreme weather and human induced climate change.
Vegan Diet Books Take a look at the USDA\u2019s tips for becoming a vegetarian, which include alternative ways to get nutrients and protein. However
Tiger Pictures Some may seem ferocious and terrifying, others cute and cuddly, but all tigers share one thing in common -- they're an endangered
On Mother's Day When humans offer allomothering to other species, it often requires remarkable adaptability and advocacy. It's natural to love one's birth child. But what if the creature you are trying to mother is covered with hair, or bites you, or claws you, or has a grasping tail?
An Open Letter to State Farm About Climate Denial Last week, Heartland rolled out a hate-oriented billboard campaign that compared scientists, science organizations, and federal agencies who acknowledge that science suggests human behavior is warming the planet to \murderers and madmen.\
Japan Nuclear Reactors Shut Off, Thousands March To Celebrate Major protests, like the one Saturday, have been generally limited to urban areas like Tokyo, which had received electricity
Climate Impact Day I finally discovered, over the last couple of years developing a reforestation project in Brazil, where I was born, that deforestation and reforestation are both profitable.
Climate Impacts Day In Pakistan women hold up dots before the makeshift structure that became their home after floods devastated Pakistan's Indus
Pitcairn Islands Expedition Remnants of a Lost Civilization More From the Pitcairn Islands Expedition Read the full story here and scroll past photos
Pitcairn Islands Expedition Photos With all our emphasis on charismatic fish and stunning coral formations, boring old algae tends to get skipped over by most
Baby Killed By Dog In Henderson, Nevada On His First Birthday (VIDEO) WARNING -- Graphic Description Below
Animal Photos Of The Week 18 rare pond turtles have been returned to the Philippines after officials confiscated them at the Hong Kong airport. Only
Low Prices a Problem? Making Sense of Misleading Talk About Cap-and-Trade in Europe and the USA Since when are low prices considered to be a problem? To understand what's going on, we need to remind ourselves of the purpose (and promise) of a cap-and-trade regime, and then look at what's been happening in the respective markets.
Average- to Below-Average 2012 Hurricane Season Predicted One large-scale factor contributing to a greater intensity of hurricane seasons in recent years is a warm phase of sea-surface temperatures. With warm water being the fuel for hurricanes, this phase produces more, and more intense, hurricanes.
Emerald Ash Borer Baseball is a durable sport. It survived the Black Sox scandal, the players' strike and the steroids era, not to mention
Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution Day Aims To Inspire 'Better Food, Better Life' He\u2019s a chef, author, restaurateur and TV personality who has launched a food revolution, bringing healthier eating to communities
Prince Charles and Robert Redford Together for the World Premiere Screening of Harmony As we write from London, we confess that as filmmakers it doesn't get much better than this
Great Smoky Mountains \There's always a little bit of fog and low-level clouds and there's always a little bit of rain,\ said Ana Barros, an engineer
Norfolk, Virginia's Rising Sea Levels And Sinking Ground Pose A Community Challenge (VIDEO) Watch Rising tide on PBS. See more from Need To Know. Despite an awareness of the risks facing Norfolk, there is still room
Cincinnati Dumps Duke Energy A renewable energy future for the city of Cincinnati is great news; it is a great first step in the direction we need to go as a nation. It is time to see real, deployed, and distributed renewable energy solutions across America.
Earth Day 2012 More than 1 billion people will call for the protection of our planet today as they gather around the world to celebrate Earth Day. Their mission
Earth Day 2012 Environmental Issues From government regulations and recycling services expansion to garbage crises and grassroots activism, here's how America
Reflections on Earth Day On this Earth Day, which comes nearly fifty years since the first printing of Silent Spring, Rachel Carson's work continues to stand as a testament to the power of conscience, insight and our collective ability to make the world a better place.
When It Hits Home... Both my homes are now disappearing. Last week on Taroa, I saw that beaches have begun to creep inland and coconut trees have fallen sideways, the sandy soil beneath inundated by the expanding ocean.
Nothing Is Immune to the Ocean Who pays for the increasing weather-related disasters? Where do we move if we are left with no choice but to leave our homes? Why does climate change deal its toughest blows to those that contribute to it the least?
Life As a Climate Refugee Scientists forecast that Bangladesh will lose one-third of its land in the next 50 years, and that this could cause 30 million forced migrants. In an already densely crowded country, this would be a disaster of unknown proportions.
Climate Victim When people first meet me and find out I am a Maldivian, they often react with a comment about how our country is sinking. This is something I find hard to reply to as it is so real and daunting.
Happy Earth Day? A Sneak Attack on the Wilderness Act No one could accuse the most rabidly anti-environmental Congress in history of resting on its laurels. This week, the House passed a package of bills that would destroy the fundamental wildlife and public lands protections enacted nearly 50 years ago in the Wilderness Act.
'Hidden Water' Video Highlights Water Conservation Issues Around the world, access to clean water remains a challenge for millions of people. But for parts of Africa, recent research
The Climate Post The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on Monday approved the first large-scale liquefied natural gas export terminal in the lower 48 states despite record falling gas prices.
Best Green Books Here is the list of top 10 Green Reads from Better World Books in honor of Earth Day on April 22nd. Better World Books, an
Act Different In a famous ad, Apple asked people to \Think Different.\ We are now at a point in the natural history of the planet when it is essential to act different. There is no better time to begin than on Earth Day.
Earth Week 2012 Challenges Day 7
Earth Day 2012 Of course, there\u2019s always room for improvement when it comes to protecting our planet. But American stewardship and sustainability
Earth Day, Conspiracy and World Government The behaviors we need to protect the environment are not particularly oppressive. Indeed, many are things we'd want to do anyways. But they're often a big change from what we're currently doing.
Amy Goodman Phe Pentagon knows it. The world's largest insurers know it. Now, governments may be overthrown because of it. It is climate
Endangered Animal Photos For Earth Day For many species across the globe, extinction is a legitimate threat. A 2008 IUCN study found that one in four of the world's
Defining Green Wine There's been a lot of talk about \green\ wines recently, so in honor of Earth Day we decided to break down the journey from the vine to the bottle to determine how a wine gets the green stamp.
It's Climate Change That Threatens Our Way of Life -- Not the Actions We Need to Take to Solve It What would I actually say to convince them to start fighting for our children's future, rather than the profits of the fossil fuel companies?  What would it take to penetrate that armor of business and politics as usual, and wake them up?
The Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Is Far From Over Despite the enormous destruction from the earthquake and tsunami, little attention was paid to the fact that the nine dry spent fuel casks at the Fukushima Da-Ichi site were unscathed. This is an important lesson we cannot afford to ignore.
Winter Slade, 7-Year-Old, Raises Thousands For Wildlife Preservation After Being Told Her Idea Was 'Stupid' Asked why she likes animals so much, Winter said, \Because they're cute and they never want to stop playing with you and
Earth Day 2012 This June, in Rio de Janeiro, more than 120 presidents and prime ministers will get together for a meeting with much at stake for every person on our planet -- and future generations.
Panda Cam \u201cThere is something magical and inspiring about watching panda cubs interact with each other in real-time,\ said Charlie
Earth Day 2012 What are you doing for Earth Day this year? On Sunday April 22, the world will celebrate the 42nd annual Earth Day, a global
Green Festival NYC 2012 Streaming video by Ustream A project of nonprofits Green America and Global Exchange, the Green Festival will host over 125
What's Changed About Deepwater Drilling Since Macondo? Not a Lot. Tonight at 9:50 p.m. central time marks the anniversary of the exact time that BP's deepwater well named Macondo blew out, killing 11 workers, destroying Transocean's Deepwater Horizon, and putting five million barrels of oil into the water 5,000 feet below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico.
Earth Day 2012 My parents' generation sacrificed care-free youth to carry the torch of civil rights and social equality. And now, I feel confident saying that my generation has accepted the environmental movement as our cause and that we are ready to rise to the challenge.
Earth Week 2012 Challenges From April 16-22, HuffPost Green invites you to take on one simple endeavor per day to reduce your impact on the planet. We
Earth Week 2012 Challenges Sunday
An Homage to Heroes This is just to say a great thank you, to express gratefulness to the green heroes of our planet, the trees who silently and gallantly do their duty. The heroes who are the lungs of Humanity, whose existence facilitates our own. I bow to their sacrifice.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) Thurman, a town of 250 in western Iowa, was heavily damaged in the storms. Although no injuries or fatalities were reported
Animal Photos Of The Week In weird animal news this week, it was revealed that Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin \had a close encounter with a bear, four
Himalayan Glaciers Show Some Growth Despite Global Glacial Melt, Study Claims MELTING ICE With global average temperature rising, glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets melt and shed water, which contributes
Wichita, Kansas Tornado Damages City As Storms Pound U.S. Plains A tornado that struck Woodward in April 1947 still ranks as the deadliest in Oklahoma history, with 116 people killed, according
Africa's Rhinos face Poaching Crisis Experts in rhino conservation met last week in Nairobi in response to a rhino poaching epidemic gripping South Africa and Zimbabwe, which reached a record high in 2011.
How Green Are Electric Cars? Depends On Where You Plug In IT'S a lot like one of those math problems that gave you fits in sixth grade
Oklahoma City Tornado 2012 On Friday, a tornado was seen near the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman just after 4 p.m. local time - the same town
Rabbit Species Threatened By Climate Change In Australia, another animal, known as the bilby, is gravely threatened. The rare, rabbit-sized marsupial, which boasts only
Animal Photos Of The Week While the Easter bunny may be one of the cutest holiday animals around, his real life counterparts don't always have it so
Easter 2012 But, as adorable as they are, rabbits are more than just a seasonal decoration or a toy. When uninformed owners are faced
Fracking and El Rushbo How the gas industry got itself in this fracking mess has a lot in common with how Rush Limbaugh's sneers about Sandra Fluke's contraception may have cost the Republicans the November elections.
Bering Sea Canyons Videos Let You Choose Your Own Adventure The videos, from Greenpeace, chronicle a 2007 expedition to the Bering Sea and two of the world's deepest undersea canyons
Total's Elgin Platform Gas Leak Industry sources said the HSE, which can advise on compliance with regulations but cannot instruct Total how to proceed, was
Bill Isles, Wichita Man, Struck By Lightning Hours After Buying Mega Millions Lottery Tickets The New York State Department of Health advises those who find themselves in thunder or lightning storms to seek shelter
Animal Photos Of The Week This was certainly a good week for strange but true animals. First we met Harry the baby pygmy hippo. Rejected by his mother
North Sea Gas Leak In the first process Total will inject drilling mud to kill the leaking well, although this remains a risky option as human
Every Hour Should Be Earth Hour The ostensible goal of Earth Hour is to raise awareness of what the consumptive attitude of humanity is doing to its only home.  But it behooves us as a species to be aware of the earth every hour of every day.
Whole Foods Market Bans 'Red'-Coded Seafood Starting on Earth Day (April 22), Whole Foods won't be selling any more red-rated seafood. They'll be the first (and so far only, but we hope that will change) national grocer to do so.
Kyra Sedgwick Leads Global Call to End Plastic Pollution at United Nations Kyra Sedgwick, film actress and star of television's popular show The Closer, is using her famed communications skills to educate the public and world leaders about something that really upsets her
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) In Hawaii, Oahu set a record recently for the state's largest hailstone. The grapefruit-sized hailstone, which fell on March
Andrey Pavlov, Russian Photographer, Takes Fairytale-Like Pictures Ants (PHOTOS) Andrey Pavlov, a Moscow-based photographer, spends hours constructing the scenes for these photographs. \I used to work in
Pitcairn Islands Expedition Photos Diving at Henderson it is so easy to be fascinated by the sharks and other large fishes, that we risk missing entire little
FDA 'Wrong' Not To Ban BPA, Health Advocates Say Laura Vandenberg, a postdoctoral fellow in biology at Tufts University, called the FDA studies \illogical.\ In one of the
How To Save Gas From Earth911's Alexis Petru
How To Farm In Your Big City Apartment Jenna Spevack, artist and professor of creative media at City University of New York, has created what she calls \u201cmicrofarms
Animal Photos Of The Week A baby giraffe born last month at the Bronx Zoo is making her public debut next week. Still unnamed, the young female is
Weather-Manmade Global Warming Link Builds, Study Says NOT NORMAL The high amount of extremes is not normal, the study said. For some types of extreme weather, there are physical
Dog Defends Food From Greedy Duck (VIDEO) Can't get enough cuteness? Check out the best animal videos of 2011
Man Cuddles Lions In Zebra Colored Truck (VIDEO) The best part of the clip? When two of them cuddle him and lick his head. While Asian lions are already listed as an endangered
Hatch Watch 2012 Live streaming by Ustream For those who might accidentally miss the first hatch, worry not. Each of the remaining eggs will
San Diego Humane Society Shelter Shows How To Keep Rescues Comfortable Walk into the San Diego Humane Society Shelter in Oceanside, Calif., and you won't hear a single bark. That's because the
Is Walking A Form Of Activism? For all but the last hundred years, walking has been humanity's primary mode of transportation. Today, though, simply strolling
Natural Gas Wells Proliferation Poisoning Children's Air, Research Suggests McKenzie said the results also pointed to potentially significant respiratory and neurological effects. For children, this
Exxon Valdez Oil Spill a Cautionary Tale for Arctic Ocean Drilling The Exxon Valdez disaster remains a tragic lesson in what can be lost with a few bad policy decisions and a few broken promises. The spill became an enduring symbol of recklessness, hubris, arrogance, complacency and outright dishonesty.
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week was marked by extreme weather in the U.S., although it wasn't unpleasant for many. Environmentalist Bill McKibben
Spring Weather 2012 On top of a warmer winter and spring, the prospect of a warmer and drier summer in 2012 is especially troubling to many Americans
Coiba, Panama By Jenifer Austin Foulkes, Oceans Program Manager, Google
Climate Change Concerns, Economic Hardship Don't Mix, Study Says A recent analysis of public opinion data in the United States and Europe offers an explanation
Marlins' Stadium Fish Aquarium Is Animal Abuse, Activists Claim So, will noise and stadium vibrations actually upset the fish? One might ask
Animal Photos Of The Week In other animal news, two koala joeys at the San Diego Zoo received a clean bill of health after their first routine medical
Brazil Oil Spill Chevron's spill in November leaked as many as 3,000 barrels from sea-floor cracks. It resulted in an $11 billion civil lawsuit
Going Green in the City Way too many of us believe we can't go green because we live in the city, have no land, have a small apartment, etc. etc. So we continue to be slaves of the supermarket.
Henryville High School Releases Terrifying Tornado Footage From School Security Cameras (VIDEO) \I still think it's hopeful,\ Henryville Junior-Senior High School Principal Troy Albert told WTHR News. \When you see the
U.S. Warmth Continues, but Globally Coolest Land Temperatures Since 1994 In other words, just as cold winter in the U.S. during the previous two years did not mean that it was cold globally, a warm U.S. winter this year didn't mean that it was warm globally.
Brazil Navy The company said it was taking the step as a precautionary measure to study its \reservoir management plans\ in Brazil, where
St. Patrick's Day 2012 On March 17th, St. Patrick's Day will be celebrated by the Irish (and many others) around the world. In addition to the eating
Evaluating Green Communities Trails, sidewalks, and open spaces not only encourage residents to interact with their environment, but also promote a strong sense of community by facilitating interactions among neighbors.
Japan Earthquake Look back in history and read about some of the most common, and ultimately probably overstated, radiation fears that hit
Animal Photos Of The Week It was revealed this week that an elderly gorilla at a zoo in Pennsylvania received a new companion. Samantha, a 47-year
'Cycle for Water' Two men from the Netherlands have cycled some 30,000 kilometers from Alaska to Antarctica aboard bamboo bicycles. Their mission
World Water Supply Farmers will need to grow 70 percent more food by that time as rising living standards mean individuals demand more food
Japan Tsunami Debris, Degrading Into Tiny Bits Of Plastic, Could Pose Health Risk Last year, researchers discovered that about 80 percent of the plastic they collected along shorelines was in the form of
Dirty vs. Green Jobs Unions and environmentalists agree on most issues. With this in mind, it's time for labor and environmentalists to sit down and hammer out plans for putting union members to work rebuilding our country and protecting the planet.
The Bottom Line For decades, fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico have used surface longlines to catch swordfish and yellowfin tuna, a method catches and kills large numbers of rare and endangered ocean wildlife, which are usually thrown overboard dead or dying.
Green Home Makeover From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
Settling Ownership of the Bounty of the High Seas Many ocean species that are over-exploited and traded internationally live in areas beyond national jurisdiction, a region known as the high seas that starts 200 miles from shore and covers half the Earth.
Indiana Tornadoes Assistance can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses and
Sea Shepherd Declares Victory The controversial group has come under legal fire recently. In February, Japanese whalers asked a U.S. judge to freeze Sea
Earth to Newt Gingrich has pledged that if he is elected, gas prices will be reduced to $2 or $2.50 gallon. Were this to happen, however, no one would be more unhappy than TransCanada, the builder of the Keystone Pipeline.
Aging Nuclear Reactors While reporting on the Diablo Canyon story, one of the most surprising things that I learned was how the NRC oversaw the relicensing of aging nuclear power plants.
DIY Household Cleaners Just a few generations back, the formula for a spiffy house contained two simple elements at its core
Unpopular Dog Names And Cat Names Sounds Like . . . In addition to the meaning behind a name and the connotations it may hold, we also have to take into account
Enbridge Pipeline Two people, including a firefighter, were reported killed and three others were critically injured. The incident occurred
China Lead Pollution Reportedly Poisons Children (Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani) China is the world's largest consumer of refined lead, with 70 percent
Newspaper Recycling Tips For Home Projects From Networx's Sayward Rebhal
Extreme Weather Of The Week (PHOTOS) Areas of northern Alabama were also struck by tornadoes, including parts of Madison County, Alabama where homes were reportedly
Iditarod Race Raises Questions Of Animal Cruelty Animal advocates have long claimed the Iditarod is too extreme, citing its history of dog deaths -- 142 since 1973, according
7 Odd, Natural Ways To Boost Your Health Call them antiquated. Call them smart. Call them crazy. But science is finding that many natural practices -- things humans
Patricia Barnett, Georgia Woman, Found Dead In Alpharetta After Storm When they emerged from their closet, they found the roof above their kitchen had blown away, as had most of their front porch
Will Tornado Season Be as Bad as Last Year? Frequent and intense tornado outbreaks resulted in 552 tornado-related deaths in 2011, the second deadliest year on record, from 1,709 tornadoes, raising fears that this will be another devastating year for tornadoes.
Animal Photos Of The Week This weekend saw the start of Alaska's famous Iditarod sled dog race. Mother Nature Network's Russell McLendon breaks down
Top Dog Names And Cat Names For some added insight about these increasingly popular names, we also asked Laura Wattenberg, author of The Baby Name Wizard
I'm Stuck in a Bad Relationship, Part 2 A good relationship is built on respect. A good relationship demands that you listen to your partner. But we, as a society, have not been listening to planet Earth and the signals she is sending.
Henryville High School Severely Damaged By Indiana Tornado (VIDEO) So far, WTHR reports that at least four people have been killed by the storms in southern Indiana, according to authorities
Pekin, Indiana Child Survives Storm, Taken To Kosair Children's Hospital The child was transported by helicopter to Kosair on Friday after being stabilized at a tiny rural hospital in Salem, Indiana
Sustainable Tourism When most people think of tourism, they probably don't think about an industry that can contribute to global solutions for the difficult challenges facing the planet.
Animal Photos Of The Week A recent report from a mining company, \whose ... operations have polluted nearby creeks in southern Idaho,\ according to
New York Fracking Ban In Towns Upheld By Second Judge Fracking is a process in which chemical-laced water and sand are blasted deep below ground to release oil and natural gas
What Jeremy Lin and US-China Cooperation on Climate Change Don't (Yet) Have in Common If China and the U.S. aim to bring their own version of \Linsanity\ to climate and energy policy under new leadership, then both countries must pursue active and open dialogue and seek middle ground in the current race of self-interest.
'Chasing Ice' -- The Climate Change Debate Is Over 
Who Grows Our Food Seeds are where it all begins.  They promise the start of things.  They're \the very basis of our food and agriculture,\ says Theresa Podoll of Prairie Road Organic Farm.
6 Everyday Things Seen Really Close Up I bought my daughters, ages 7 and 9, a fairly decent microscope for Christmas last year, and I'm pretty sure that since then
Heartland Republicans From the heartland, a group of Republicans have made an open call for a serious investigation of the leaked heartless Heartland Institute documents.
\The Hand of Man\ \The Hand of Man\ takes the listener to White Star Holler in Kentucky, where seven generations of mountain families have struggled to defend their lives and livelihoods from the toxic fallout from coal company destruction.
Avon, Estee Lauder And Mary Kay Allegedly Testing Makeup On Animals From MNN blogger Starre Vartan
Forget Logic, It's Just Climate Schizophrenia Countless leaders recognize the threat of climate change and call for action to reverse it, yet continue to implement policies which do the opposite.
Animal Photos Of The Week Other animals are a little more well-behaved. This unique photograph from a zoo near London appears to be catch an otter
London's Olympic Park Cleanup Transformed Polluted Site (PHOTOS) Below, check out pictures of the transformation of the area that became the Olympic Park. Images courtesy of UK Environment
Alaska's Aleutian Islands Volcano Could Erupt, Scientists Say Cleveland Volcano, located on an uninhabited island 940 miles southwest of Anchorage, had an ash-producing explosion in late
Protesters to Keystone XL Pipeline As Congressional Republicans and Big Oil allies allies in Washington try to resuscitate the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline, people on the front lines have opened a new campaign to stop the massive $7 billion project.
Why Global Warming Still Considered Target Of Skepticism For Americans That's simply not true, Jon Krosnick of Stanford University told an audience of social scientists and cognitive researchers
Otter Casts Worries To The Heavens, Prays (PHOTO) \I've had lots of religious people call me up, saying that I was a tool doing the Lords work,\ Kolodzinski said, according
Going Hog Wild Regardless of its origin, debate abounds over just how much danger is posed by MRSA in meat. According to Liz Wagstrom, chief
Waste Less Trash From Terri Bennett, Founder of DoYourPart.com
EU Carbon Trade Deal Urged By Airlines \The risk for airlines is that if this does degenerate into tit-for-tat trade war, then airlines will be caught in the crossfire
Panda Webcams At China Conservation And Research Center (VIDEOS) The pandas, females Yaoman, Shinbing and Yaoxin and male Lulin, are housed in two separate areas at the Ya'an Panda Base
Animal Photos Of The Week If animals giving rides to each other surprises you, be sure to check out this video of a dog who's also an adept turntablist
Greening the Grammys By itself, the Grammys telecast does not instigate major ecological impacts. But each and every procurement decision, and all operations, are reviewed with an eye towards reducing the event's ecological footprint.
The Class of Talkers Playing Down the Cost of Fossil Fuel Dependence The fossil fuel lobby aggressively uses propaganda to block public health protections, manipulate the energy debate, defend their massive government handouts and attack clean energy sources that threaten to displace them.
Keystone XL We've been to jail, we've marched on Washington; this week it's pixels and keystrokes. This electronic blitz is an effort to show Congress that there's support out there for doing the right thing.
Puppy Bowl 2012 Check out the adorable Animal Planet videos below from 2012's Puppy Bowl VIII
Animal Photos Of The Week One of the cutest cats around might be Harold, a black and white cat from Washington, D.C., whose owners regularly walk him
Super Bowl XLVI While some may argue the Super Bowl has a long way to go before becoming eco-friendly, TreeHugger's Tom Szaky wrote, \I couldn't
Bahuaja Sonene National Park Holds 365 Previously Undocumented Species (PHOTOS) Bahuaja Sonene National Park contains more than 600 bird species including seven different types of macaw, more than 180
Super Bowl 2012 For more reading on the topic
Susan G. Komen's Other Gaffe Komen does women a disservice by continuing to channel funds into animal tests, while other cancer charities have moved on from such old-fashioned abominations or never engaged in them to begin with.
Antarctic Glaciers and the Global Water Crisis From the ice melting in Antarctica, to rising sea levels flooding Bangladesh, to the prospect of a compromised drinking water supply in New York City, the world's glaciers tie together our greatest challenges of the 21st century.
4 Professional Snowboarders Who Double As Environmentalists Professional snowboarders have awesome jobs
Puppy Bowl VIII Referee Explains Rules Of The Game (VIDEO) Dan Schachner, the official Puppy Bowl referee, sat down to explain the rules of the 8th annual Animal Planet Puppy Bowl
Josh Fox, 'Gasland' Director, Talks Of Capitol Hill Arrest Fox asked to attend when the hearing was announced on Monday. By Tuesday morning, he had been refused by Republican leadership
Winter Utility Bills From Terri Bennett, founder of DoYourPart.com
NASA Visualization Shows Global Temperature Changes (VIDEO) The world's average temperature in 2011 was 0.92 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the mid-20th century baseline period of 1951
Animal Photos Of The Week Are you not a football fan? If cute animals are more your thing, get your head in the game for Puppy Bowl VIII. The Puppy
John Boehner Republicans in the Senate also plan to introduce a Keystone bill. Some Senate Democrats back the pipeline, but its passage
Boxer Puppy And Cows Make Friends During Walk In Newcastle (VIDEO) This bevy of otters were also filmed having a pretty fun time with an unlucky butterfly that had made its way into the otters
'Black Smoker' Vents Photos and captions courtesy of University of Southampton and NOC. Connelly's co-leader, marine biologist Dr. Jon Copley
Green Activists If you look at some of today's most prominent green activists and environmentalists, you'll notice that many of them have
Winter Weather Photo Contest While severe winter weather has devastated some regions around the world, other storms have created visually stunning scenes
Insects Top Newly Discovered Species List Species IDs need improvement In addition to the new report, the species institute is releasing a Retro State of Observed
