To The People Who Say \u2018I\u2019m Tired\u2019 When Someone Asks How You Are When you feel like this, it\u2019s important to know you\u2019re not alone.
Eating Shake Shack Made Me Feel Healthier Than Dieting Ever Did I can vividly remember the first time I felt fear and frustration around food. I was 10 years old, I had just learned about
How To Stay Updated On The News Without Losing Your Mind Because it's only becoming more of a struggle.
27 Perfect Tweets About Whole30 That Will Make You LOL \The only Whole30 I want to participate in is eating a whole 30 cookies.\
The Real Reason Your Hands Are Always Cold Essentially, your hands are kept warm thanks to your body's circulatory system.
A Week In Somerville, Massachusetts, On A $90,000 Salary Welcome to Money Diaries, where we\u2019re tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women
An Expert-Backed, Foolproof Guide To 'Going Dry' For A Month How to cut down on everything from sugar to alcohol to social media.
Research Finds Hysterectomy Alone Associated With Increased Long-Term Health Risks Mayo Clinic\u00a0researchers show that hysterectomy with ovarian conservation is associated with a significantly increased risk
I Was Ghosted By My Best Friend It\u2019s inevitable that over the years, some friendships are going to come to an end.
Did Your Ex Text You This Christmas? There's A Name For That Marleying gets it\u2019s name from Marley, the stingy late business partner of Scrooge in \u201cA Christmas Carol.\u201d
Exactly What Those Words On Your Beauty Products Mean \u201cYou wouldn\u2019t eat a plate of food without checking what was on your plate, so you should have that same mentality with your skin care.
This Is Your Body On Dry January There are benefits to banishing the booze.
6 Ways Logan Paul Could Have Actually Raised Suicide Awareness Hint
16 Totally Relatable Tweets About Life As An Introvert \I don\u2019t get these escape the room things. Every social outing after 90 minutes turns into that for me.\
The Top 10 Workout Songs For January 2018 With a new year upon us, there\u2019s an opportunity to take stock of what\u2019s going on in workout music right now. To that end
8 Things I Learned When I Quit My Job To Be A Freelance Writer You know that interview question everyone hates
11 Weighted Blankets That Won't Weigh Down Your Wallet Sleep tight \ud83d\ude34
World Health Organization\u2019s Junk Diagnosis For 'Gaming Disorder' Trivializes Mental Illness News media reported this week that the World Health Organization (WHO) is moving ahead with the inclusion of \u201cgaming disorder
What I Wish I Could Tell People Who Ask Why I Don\u2019t Drink I wish I could them how my family fell apart because of alcohol.
Toasting 2017 Goodbye With Ketogenic Kool-Aid I cannot profess to know why ketogenic diets are the flavor of the week, other than the fact that there always is one of
Hope Ahead Hope has turned into happiness for one U.S. couple with the birth of their son last month, following the woman\u2019s successful
What No One Tells You About Loving Someone In Recovery From Addiction The truth is if you are supporting a partner through recovery, you aren\u2019t alone and your recovery matters too.
How Achievable The 6 Most Common New Year's Resolutions Really Are New year, new you? Possibly, therapists say.
Caring For Your Grieving Heart During The Holidays Despite the fact that I have spent more than a decade of holidays without my late-husband and son, every single year I find
After A Life In Acting, Sophia Bush Is Asking While she may be known to most as a bonafide television darling, Bush has had a knack for social advocacy since she was a child.
4 Of The Absolute Worst Holiday Stressors And How To Deal With Them From traveling to high expectations.
First US Baby Born After Uterus Transplantation Is Dawn Of A New Era A Texas woman recently gave birth to a boy, thanks to a transplanted uterus. Dr. Zaraq Khan, a Mayo Clinic reproductive endocrinologist
Silent Night, Childfree Night Oh, the holidays. It\u2019s the most wonderful time of the year, at least if Andy Williams is to be believed. It\u2019s also a time
What You Should Know Before You Say 'Addiction Is A Choice' Addiction is a disease that needs help to recover.
9 Things Not To Say To Someone With A Mental Illness During The Holidays 1. \u201cHow can you be sad around the holidays?\u201d
18 Realistic Ways To Become A Happier, More Chill Person In 2018 Because it was basically impossible to be one this year.
What Do The New Blood Pressure Guidelines Mean For You? Valentin Fuster, MD, PhD Physician-in-Chief The Mount Sinai Hospital Director of Mount Sinai Heart New U.S. guidelines for
What To Do After An Abnormal Pap Smear No need to panic.
California Health Officials Advise Caution Against Cellphone Radiation New guidelines advise people to keep phones \away from the body.\
6 Conversation Starters For Actually Meaningful Catch-Ups With Relatives Cheers to a quality, not-awkward conversation.
To Those Who Are Suffering This Season Deck the halls with drama. Fat Santa inflatables puff to life on lawns in my neighborhood. Colored lights burn warm around
Diet, As A Matter Of Taste Some years ago, I found myself at a corporate meeting of Kraft.\u00a0I don\u2019t recall exactly how or why I wound up on that guest
Seasonal Influenza Deaths More Common Worldwide Than Previously Thought Up to 650,000 people in the world die from seasonal flu each year. This is much higher than the often-used numbers of 250,000
How To Beat The Winter Blues, According To Top Experts It's normal to feel low this time of year.
What To Do When Someone Gives You A Gift And You Didn't Get Them One Well, this is awkward. \ud83d\ude2c
My Friend Died From Cancer Today My friend died from cancer today. His was a short, eight-month-long battle for survival, but it was a brutal one. Now his
Lawmakers Push Back Against The Latest Flimsy Campaign To Crack Down On Kratom The herbal drug \should be legal and available for those struggling with addiction,\ said Rep. Jared Polis.
Americans Spend More on Soft Drinks Than Any Other Food Item An additional 10 percent of food dollars were spent on desserts, salty snacks, candy and sugar.
I Always Knew My Chronic Illness Would Come Back. Here's How I Cope. Those of us will illnesses that never quite disappear know moments of calm and comfort are few and far between.
It's Suddenly Cold Out. Am I Going To Get Sick? By Katie Heaney A couple of weeks ago, the temperature in New York dropped something like 30 degrees in the span of a day
The Way Over-The-Counter Drugs Are Regulated Is A Mess \u2014 And Congress Is Ready To Step In By Erin Mershon WASHINGTON \u2014 The Food and Drug Administration has, for years, limited the amount of acetaminophen in any
Worried About Flu Shot Side Effects? Be Worried About The Flu, Instead When it comes to flu shots, African-Americans have trust issues. Misconceptions about the effectiveness and trepidation about
This Doctor Wants To Transform Transgender Care In America More transgender surgical centers mean more options for patients.
This Week, What About Cheese? Blessed, so Monty Python tells us, are the cheese makers.\u00a0They go on to clarify that this particular Messianic assertion
Just A Reminder That You Should Get Regular Physicals Yes, even if you're healthy.
Medicine And Why Net Neutrality Matters By Nancy R. Glassman, M.L.S., M.P.H Recently, the library at Einstein, where I work as a medical librarian, experienced a
Women Need Answers On Drug Use During Pregnancy. Here\u2019s How To Improve Research By Megan Thielking For decades, it\u2019s been taboo to test medications on pregnant women. But doctors, patients, and public
Investors See Big Money In Infertility, And They\u2019re Transforming The Industry By Rebecca Robbins Investors searching for a new way to make big money in medicine have hit upon an age-old problem
Doctors And Patients To Congress My patients are struggling to survive the Trump Administration and the GOP Congress. That is not hyperbole or exaggeration
This Is The Healthiest Way To Browse Instagram Psychologists give their top five tips for using the app.\ud83d\udcf1
What Is Mindful Eating, And How Do You Practice It? It seems too good to be true.
This Year's Flu Season Looks Like A Bad One \u2014 And It Could Be Coming Early It\u2019s officially that time of year.
How Long Should I Wait After A Cold To Hang Out With People Again? \In an ideal world, it would be best to avoid social activities for 5-7 days after the onset of symptoms.\
Learn New Habits To Break Emotional Eating Patterns The keys are identifying what triggers your emotional eating and adopting practical strategies to respond more healthfully to it.
Should Women Be Paid For Donating Their Breast Milk? By Melody Schreiber When Ariyah Georges was born 15 weeks early, she weighed only one pound, 12 ounces. Her mother, Jovan
16 Tweets That Define What It Means To Be An Introvert Could these be any more accurate?
The Top 10 Workout Songs For December 2017 Even if you don\u2019t know Venn diagrams by name, you probably know what one looks like. (They included two circles, side-by
How To Report Sexual Harassment At A Previous Job Read this before you call his HR department.
Why Donald Trump's World AIDS Day Statement Falls Flat If he truly wants to end AIDS, he seems to be going about it the wrong way.
How To Be A Good Guy In The Office Without Avoiding Women Altogether Don't worry, it's pretty simple.
11 Ways To Take Care Of Yourself During This Hellish News Cycle You're not alone if you feel triggered by all the sexual misconduct reports.
Companies Love Misery? An article just published in the New England Journal of Medicine predicts the future prevalence of obesity among adults in
32 Gifts People With Anxiety Really Want For The Holidays \u201cI would love to have a peaceful, calm, stress-free time (and mind), with my husband, without a panic attack, feelings of fear or tears.\u201d
How Do We Explain Unexplained Infertility? \u201cUnexplained infertility.\u201d It\u2019s a maddening diagnosis. Infertility is defined as 12 months or more of natural conception
Big Tobacco Is Still In The Business Of Deceiving Americans A new anti-smoking campaign is the result of a major lawsuit win, but it also shows how much power the tobacco companies still have.
New HIV Cases In New York City Hit Record Low, Health Department Says \It\u2019s good and big news,\u201d a deputy health commissioner said.
Your Christmas Tree May Be Filled With As Many As 25,000 Bugs Finding the perfect Christmas tree may be your goal this holiday season, but beware \u2015 chances are, it\u2019s probably filled with
13 Gorgeous Photos That Capture The Complicated Bond Between Sisters \Because every girl needs a sister.\
I'm The Only Single Person In My Friend Group \u2014 Here's Why The worst truth, though \u2014 the truth I hate to admit to myself \u2014 is that I see other women as competition.
Trapped In A Cycle Of Harassment As A Chronically Ill Person Here\u2019s the sad truth
World War II Soldier's Battlefield Bible Finds Its Way Home To Family After 73 Years A Bible belonging to an American soldier serving in World War II has found its way back home after more than 70 years. The
How To Transform Your Relationship With Money To Plan For The Future By Hadassah Damien Hustling, freelancing, random day jobs \u2026 after I left home, I was on my own to make it work with my labor
10 Facts Everyone Should Know About HPV First thing
12 Simple Things You Can Do To Make Thanksgiving More Meaningful Make this year about more than just eating with these expert tips.
'This Is Us' Breaks Down The Stigma Of Miscarriage By Christiane Manzella, PhD Last night, like many \u201cThis is Us\u201d fans, we at the Seleni Institute were anticipating a heart
The Benefits Of Being Mindful Have you ever spent time getting things done only to think a bit later that you are not sure if you have actually done them
35 Thoughtful Questions To Ask At Thanksgiving Dinner Beyond the traditional, \What are you most thankful for?\
I Love Someone With Depression This kind of dynamic can be hard on any relationship, but especially one like ours in which we both have chronic health issues.
Sweaters Promote Self-Love With Body Positive Slogans Messages that allude to some bodies being better than others surround people on a daily basis. They\u2019re on TV and red carpets
Time To Save The World More than 15,000 scientists from nearly 200 countries have signed their support for a scientific publication reminding humanity
6 Creative Ways To Show Gratitude This Holiday Season The holidays are a wonderful time of year when families and friends unite in order to celebrate and spend quality time together
11 Images That People With Anxiety Will Understand \To me, it feels like an elephant is sitting on my chest. The worst feeling, where I almost can't breathe.\
17 Thanksgiving Conversation Topics That Aren't About Politics For families who just need one peaceful meal.
Weight Discrimination In The Workplace If plus-sized women aren\u2019t being hired, they can\u2019t get (or won\u2019t) promoted either.
People May Never Fully Recover From A Real Broken Heart For some people, a broken heart is very literal.
So THAT'S Why Your Alarm Snoozes For 9 Minutes Mystery solved.
Blue Christmas? For Teens, Depression Can Worsen This Time Of Year Secret Santas and ugly sweater parties might seem like the highlight of the year, but when you\u2019re suffering from depression
I Survived 8 Cancer Battles. Here Are 5 Life Lessons I Learned 1. Know your family history
I Lost My Mom During My First Pregnancy As the cancer progressed, it became clear to me that she would pass away before the baby arrived.
Michelle Obama Just Gave The Best Life Advice For The Trump Era A mental health expert breaks down how effective her tips are.
Letting Them Die Nobody knows better than the mother of a heroin addict that stigma breeds death.
It\u2019s Time To Demand Better For Those Fighting The World\u2019s Toughest Cancer Let\u2019s turn World Pancreatic Cancer Day from a day of awareness into a day of action.
These Black Friday Deals On Fitbits Will Get You Moving Deals worth jumping on \ud83c\udfc3
7 Odd Things That Happen To Your Body When It's Cold Outside Who knew?
Cardiology Nurse, Heart Attack Survivor Has Message For Women Kristin O\u2019Meara\u2019s story, she says, is one of denial. It began with searing chest pain, a serious symptom Kristin understands
This Is The Least Productive Time Of The Day Finally, a justification to do a little less work.
Dancer's Video Of Her \u2018Jiggle\u2019 Goes Viral For Her Moves And Body Positivity In the words of Destiny\u2019s Child, we are\u00a0so\u00a0ready for this jelly. A\u00a0Dance Your Pounds Off\u00a0instructor has shared a video of
Why Mornings Are Mandy Moore's Favorite Time Of The Day Hint
Diabetes And Influenza The flu can complicate diabetes. Influenza is highly contagious, as the viruses are spread when an infected person coughs
The '20-Armed Octopus' Dr. Abigail Zavod, when speaking about the opioid crisis during a grand rounds presentation at Dartmouth, likened it to a
Bill Gates Commits $100 Million To Seek Treatments For Alzheimer's \u201cI hope that in the next 10 years that we have some powerful drugs, but it\u2019s possible that won\u2019t be achieved.\u201d
New Blood Pressure Guidelines Should Clarify Your Status -- What To Do About It There\u2019s a new way to classify blood pressure readings, and the biggest change is for anyone who\u2019s been described as \u201cprehypertensive
8 Thanksgiving Main Dishes That Aren't Traditional Turkey Chicken Marbella is probably the most famous dish to come out of the beloved Silver Palate Cookbook by Julie Rosso and the
Handcuffed To Opioid Addiction I think back on one of the many days I was dope-sick. I was still with my wife and kids. It was near sunrise. I drove from
What My Mother's Weight Struggle Taught Me About Loving My Body It\u2019s been a long time coming, but my mom has finally embraced her beautiful body, too.
Let Men Have Feelings We need to address toxic masculinity without taking away from the stories being shared or those who are bravely coming forward.
A Toast To Your Health? The focus on nutrition in our popular culture is, alas, incredibly simple-minded.\u00a0For decades, we have listed as a culture
22 Unexpected Things That Relax People Who Live With Anxiety We know how difficult it can be to relax when anxiety is making you anything but calm.
To The Girl Struggling With Self-Worth, You\u2019re Doing Alright There\u2019s nothing wrong with being an introvert.
What Happens When You Put 500,000 People's DNA Online Never had genetics research moved so fast.
The 2016 Election Is Still Straining Relationships Political stress is taking a toll on families and couples, new polls show.
People On Twitter Are Sharing The Dumbest Things They've Ever Cried Over \I once cried because I couldn\u2019t get my eyebrows to look the same.\
How Women And Girls Cope With Getting Their Periods In Refugee Camps Getting a hold of disposable pads is the least of their problems.
What Stress Does To Your Sex Life We manage a lot in our lives and relationships, especially during the years of life where our careers and families are taking
WHO Urges End To Routine Antibiotic Use In Farm Animals To Stem Rise Of Superbugs The WHO director-general called the declining efficacy of antibiotics a \security threat.\
Emerging From Mastectomy With A Healthy Body Image Intact For eight years, Margaret Pelikan dreaded mammograms. In 2008, she had been diagnosed with a condition called lobular carcinoma
America\u2019s Drug Overdose Death Rate Keeps Getting Worse The opioid crisis is killing more and more Americans each year.
A Promising Experimental Vaccine Could One Day Be A Universal Flu Shot Animal experiments showed that it protected them from typically lethal doses of the flu.
Even The Young And Invincible Need Health Insurance All Andrew Blackshear did was breathe. Driving through California\u2019s San Joaquin Valley on his way back from a summer break
20 Years Of Progress And Millions Of Babies Advances made in the treatment of infertility over the past 20 years are impressive, ranging from radical new techniques
Dumpster Site Where Brock Turner Sexually Assaulted A Woman Turned Into Tranquil Memorial Stanford University turned the dumpster site where Brock Turner\u00a0sexually assaulted\u00a0an unconscious young woman \u2014 known as
How Sexual Harassment Can Damage Your Health And what you can do about it.
I Am A Heroin Addict Redux Now is the time to warn the children of America about the Beast bearing gifts.
A Controversial Experiment Upends The Conventional Wisdom On Heart Stents In addition to its finding on stents, the test showed the importance of the placebo effect.
Hepatitis A Is Surging And Cities Don't Have The Resources To Stop It Cases have jumped 28 percent this year, and there's a \constrained supply\ of vaccine.
I\u2019m A Therapist, And Sometimes I Get Deeply Lonely \u2013 Here\u2019s How I Deal Last Sunday I schlepped myself home from a friend\u2019s place at 5:41am. My \u201cI\u2019m going to have one drink!\u201d night turned into
China Disputes Trump's Claims Of Fentanyl 'Flood' Into United States Law enforcement agencies and drug control experts say most of the fentanyl distributed in the U.S., as well as precursor chemicals, originate from China.
How My Father Lost Himself In Alzheimer's By James Prenatt The last time I saw my father he was a pale imitation of the man who raised me. He was a body with a soul
Why Do We Need Separate Chicken-Pox And Shingles Vaccines? The two diseases may arise from the same virus, but they afflict different populations and that is key.
8 Celebrities Explain Why They Use Exercise To Cope With Anxiety Exercise as an anxiety buster is something experts back up as well.
How A Focus On Rich Educated People Skews Brain Studies The same concerns have been raised in virtually every area of science that involves people.
Self-Harm Among Teen Girls In The UK Rises Sharply The teens who self-harmed also had high rates of depression and anxiety.
On The Brink Of A Health Care Crisis, Puerto Rico Asks Trump To Waive Medicaid Costs If the island's Medicaid program runs out of money, up to 900,000 will be without care.
How To Help A Friend With A Substance Use Problem Your support is vital.
Watch Out For These Landmines As You Navigate Your Company's Open Enrollment Sometimes, things aren't what they seem to be.
5 Important Tips And Tricks For Marathon Spectators Think of spectating a race like going to Ikea. Plan ahead.
Our International Perspective On America's Response To The Opioid Epidemic When we were the presidents of our respective countries, Switzerland and Portugal, they were in the grip of serious heroin epidemics.
Trump Panel Urges More Treatment Options To Fight Opioid Crisis Public health experts broadly welcomed the proposed measures.
When The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year\u2026 Isn\u2019t Stuffed turkeys and yuletide carols might be the stuff of holiday cheer, but when you\u2019re grieving, twinkling lights and
What You Should Consider Before Accepting Random Friend Requests Dating apps aren\u2019t the only places with fake profiles.
Who Are The Sexual Harassers? About 20 to 25 percent of men report sexually coercive behavior, ranging from forced sex to verbal manipulation like guilt-tripping a woman into having sex.
The Sleep Phase Where You Dream May Make You Less Prone To Fear Better get those Zs.
6 Questions To Ask A Therapist Before You Make It Official 1. Do you like your therapist?
My Lifelong Companion, Anxiety, And How It\u2019s Made Me Stronger In my journey to accept myself as a person with anxiety, I\u2019ve come to see some of the positive ways that my struggles have shaped me into the woman I am today.
Yes, Doctors Confirm You Can Get Herpes From Trying On Lipstick Samples But just how likely is it?
Investor Group Presses U.S. Drug Companies On Opioid Controls \u201cWe believe these companies have played an important role in this epidemic.\
Breast Cancer Awareness October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month and the overarching mission is powerful \u2015 help increase awareness about the importance
How I Fought My Fears Of Failure And Success By Tim Clark Life is fluid, evolving, flowing, a work in progress. I always had this romantic vision of being one with the
What Is Urgent Care, And When Is It The Right Choice? Erick Eiting, MD Assistant Professor, Emergency Medicine Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Director of Emergency Medicine
Digital Dopamine In the world of software, buzzwords come and go -- but if you watch their trajectory, you can see where things are going
President Trump, Commenting On Children's Bodies Is Unnecessary And Damaging Trick-or-treaters should be focused on the fun of the holiday and the joy of eating their favorite candies, not on their body or weight.
Your Personality Type May Be Sabotaging Your Exercise Goals But here's how to fix it.
Outrageous Fortune For those who knew and loved Dr. Ather Ali, the first naturopathic physician ever to join the faculty of the Yale School
Measles Deaths Are Down Around The World The death rate has dropped 84 percent in 16 years, but we still have a long way to go to eliminate the virus.
You Can Be Scary This Halloween Without Perpetuating Stigma This is the time of year when we see costumes and displays that portray mental illness as dangerous and frightening.
The Ultimate Guide To Being A Morning Person 1. Do your squats while brushing your teeth
U.S. Opioid Crisis Could Spread To Europe, Experts Say Drug rings, especially from China, are producing more potent, dangerous variants of such opioids to hook new users.
In Pro-Trump Ohio County, Opioid Announcement Disappoints \u201cIf people got proper intensive treatment after they get out of jail, that would be my dream.\
We've Long Excused The Sexually Abusive Behavior Of Older Men. Not Anymore. With the string of Bush accusations, \dirty old man\ joins \locker room talk\ as an excuse that no longer flies.
This Is How I'm A Kick-Ass Mom While Living With An Invisible Illness I decided to get in the gym, get healthier and back to my rheumatologist for treatment. I started taking care of myself again and fighting.
Trump's 'Public Health Emergency' For Opioids Doesn't Go Far Enough We need to help the people who are already addicted to opioids.
Why 'Me Too' Has The Power To Break Open The Culture Of Silence The phrase is just specific enough that no other words are needed, but still vague enough to serve as a starting point from which survivors can tell their stories.
How To Save Money Fast Learning the art of squirreling money away took years and a lot of trial and error\u2014I made plenty of mistakes. But by 27 I
Opiate Addiction Is An Ongoing Crisis In America At the community level, prevention is imperative.
The Simple Skin-Care Routine That Helped Me Get Rid Of My Hormonal Acne If I've learned anything, it's that less really is more, and that you have to choose your ingredients very carefully.
Making Sense Of Probiotics And Prebiotics This article is authored by the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine. The mission of the Center is to discover
10 Reads For Anyone In A Long-Distance Relationship Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
White Privilege Helps Explain The Opioid Epidemic Understanding white privilege is a critical part of moving toward effective and equitable drug policy.
Teen's Grandparents Wave To Her Every Single Day On Her Commute To Work Grandparents of the year. \ud83d\udc4f
Polio Could Be Stopped Worldwide By Year's End, Says Gates Foundation On World Polio Day, health experts celebrated the \endgame\ of polio eradication.
World Stroke Day Is A Great Time To Take On The No. 2 Killer Around The Globe About every 40 seconds, someone in the United States has a stroke. A stroke-related death occurs about every 4 minutes. Those
We All Have To Die Of Something, So Why Bother Being Healthy? It\u2019s 6:45 on a cold and rainy Tuesday morning. The alarm blares. As you begin to wake and wonder how it could possibly be
Gender-Fluid Scouts Of America There are times when it is necessary to highlight differences among groups of people, and there are times when it\u2019s beneficial to downplay differences.
I Had No Clue Men Could Get Breast Cancer \u2014 Until I Was Diagnosed By Ronnie Pace as told to Sarah Klein In 2013, I had a CT scan after seeing a couple of specialists about a dry cough. When
America\u2019s \u2018Overdose Capital\u2019 Is Rising Up, And It\u2019s Time For The Media To Pay Attention I witnessed the struggle in Dayton, Ohio that the media won\u2019t show you.
Brazil Ramps Up Yellow Fever Vaccination Campaign After Dead Monkey Discovered Officials confirmed that the monkey had been infected with the virus.
Breast Cancer Screening And Research Dr. Ghosh says she encourages women to participate in research trials. \Participation in research helps the patient as well
Heart Health Disparities Take Toll On African-Americans African-Americans are more likely to develop, and die from, cardiovascular diseases.
Pharmacist's Choice To Cut Corners Killed 76 People, Prosecutors Argue He prioritized production over hygiene or quality control, resulting in a fungal meningitis outbreak.
Possible Listeria Contamination Prompts Multi-State Vegetable Recall If you have these vegetables in your fridge, throw them out.
Insurance A Major Factor In Blacks\u2019 Higher Breast Cancer Mortality Black women\u2019s breast cancer mortality is now 40 percent higher than white women\u2019s.
North Carolina Officials Created Fictional 4-Star Rating Under Legal Pressure To Settle With Troubled Adult Care Home By Carolina Public Press Managing Editor Frank Taylor and Investigative Reporter Michael Gebelein Cedarbrook Residential
Exercises You Can Do Even If You Lack Fitness Skills Because we can't all be gym gurus.
Personalizing Medicine, Past Reductionism Personalizing medicine is among the salient themes of modern advance, and clearly among the more widely captivating.\u00a0President
Concussion Laws Are Working, But Young Athletes Are Still At Risk Recurrent concussions are down. Now advocates are trying to tackle initial concussions.
FDA Approves Gilead Cancer Gene Therapy The list price will be $373,000.
Adventures In Medical Marijuana With My 80-Year-Old Mother If the cannabis was replaced with a bunch of jeans and t-shirts, this place could easily pass as a GAP store.
Americans Are 'Scared' Or 'Very Scared' Of Trumpcare Worries about the government, the environment and Trumpcare topped a survey of American fears.
Constantly Checking Social Media During A Tragedy Hurts Your Mental Health Here's how to stay informed without getting in too deep.
10 Ways To Deal With A Difficult Coworker Sometimes, it's because they have difficult personalities, and sometimes it's because you hate your job and are feeling stuck \u2014 making you the Negative Nancy.
40 Percent Of Cancer Cases In US Linked To Weight Being overweight or obese increases a person\u2019s risk for at least 13 types of cancer.
Johnson & Johnson Wins Reversal Of $72 Million Verdict Over Talc Cancer Risks The company still faces other similar lawsuits over its talc-based products.
The Search For The Meaning Of Life May Be As Important As Finding It By Barbara E. Thompson UCF Forum columnist Throughout my lifetime, I have been a seeker of purpose and meaning. I was a questioning
Why It's Time To Stop Casually Calling People 'Schizophrenic' And 'Bipolar' It\u2019s a problem that\u2019s evident even without leaving the world of politics.
Mothers\u2019 Exposure To Air Pollution Tied To Cellular Changes In Kids As much as possible, people should avoid breathing smog and traffic fumes.
In A Single Week, Plague Cases More Than Doubled In Madagascar A far more infectious airborne strain is hitting cities hard.
I Couldn't Figure Out My Brain Fog And Fatigue \u2014 And Then I Was Diagnosed With Lyme Disease When the doctor told me I had Lyme disease, I cried \u2014 not because I was scared, but because I finally had an answer.
How To Stop Beating Yourself Up About What You Eat As you work to let go of food shame, you may also find yourself eating more intuitively, which means choosing foods in response to your body\u2019s needs and wants.
This Is Why Dancing Selfies Are About To Take Over Your #BodyPositivity Instagram Feed Maybe you dancing on your Instagram feed might shift someone\u2019s perceptions, ideas, or their life. Even if it is just your own, wouldn\u2019t that be worth it?
Google Maps Just Food-Shamed Its Users With A Calorie Counter \u201cFor those that suffer from an eating disorder, it can contribute to the obsession associated with counting calories consumed and burned.\
Models Are Sharing Their Experiences With Sexual Assault Via Instagram Under the hashtag #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse, model and activist Cameron Russell is helping other models share their sexual assault experiences by photographers and teams on photo shoots.
I Won\u2019t Let Anxiety Stop Me From Becoming A Mom Rather than being a slave to fear, I started looking into what I could do to make sure I\u2019m as equipped as possible when the time comes.
International Stuttering Awareness Day In order to properly track a child\u2019s development, parents must understand the difference between the signs of normal disfluency and severe stuttering.
Oral HPV Affects More Men Than Women This explains why throat cancers in men are now more common than cervical cancers in women.
What I Wish People Understood About Fidget 'Toys' And Disabilities While they might be fun for some, they actually serve a purpose to many.
Kate Middleton Is The Latest Victim Of Harmful 'Bump Shaming' Ironically, the Duchess was attending an event to promote mental health awareness when people took aim at her on social media.
Dear Dad, As You Navigate Your Cancer Diagnosis Dear Dad, You\u2019ve always been one of my greatest teachers and supporters. You worked tirelessly with me on my awkward elementary
After Medical Errors, Patients Want Doctors To Hear Them Out \The importance of individualized engagement and empathy is really the take-home lesson.\
More Than 130,000 Vaccine Doses Reportedly Destroyed In Syria After Attack If confirmed, thousands of children are now at risk for deadly diseases.
Scientists Somehow Just Discovered A New System Of Vessels In Our Brains The lymph vessels probably escaped detection because they\u2019re inside a thick membrane, the dura mater, which is the consistency of leather.
Mandy Moore's Outlook On Therapy Should Be More Common The actress sees a therapist even when she isn't stressed.
Is It Possible To Be Scared To Death? There is a reason for those signs outside roller coasters warning people with heart conditions not to ride.
9 Inspiring People Tackling Depression, Anxiety And Mental Health Stigma On Instagram We can make connections online with people like us that we might never encounter IRL.
Is Living Forever Going To Suck? We might be too sick to enjoy our extended lifespans.
Strokes Of Unkind Fate A crisis, it has been said, is a dangerous opportunity.\u00a0One presumes that crises vary with regard to both. Some, no doubt
Get Cliterate Misconception 1
5 Workplace Benefits You Wish Your Company Offered No, not free snacks.
6 Myths About Mental Health That You Need To Bust Right This Instant We need to educate, continue the dialogue and open the floor for questions we can and must ask one another about wellness.
Senate Dems Urge NIH To Renew Gun Violence Research Funding The infamous Dickey Amendment, which bans funds for research to \promote gun control,\ rears its head.
How To Kick Your Nail-Biting Habit Once And For All When you're nibbling on your nails, you're also ingesting all the germs your hands have collected throughout the day.
Being Overweight Is Linked To Increased Cancer Risk By Susan Blumenthal, M.D. and Rachel Gardner, B.A. As many as forty percent of all cancers in the United States (630,000
I Eliminated Dairy For A Month \u2014 And It Wasn't The Magic Fix I Thought It Would Be What didn\u2019t change? My skin, for one.
Steps You Can Take To Reduce Your Ovarian Cancer Risk Stephanie V. Blank, MD Professor of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Reproductive Science Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai
Pharma's Puerto Rico Problems Could Mean Drug Shortages Almost three weeks after the hurricane, just 16 percent of electricity service has been restored to the island.
The More Women In The Operating Room, The Better It Is For Doctors And Patients As more women are becoming surgeons, the surgical field is changing.
Addicted To Self-Care? Activism Is Better For Your Recovery Recovery pride and recovery advocacy are powerful social change movements. I should know, because take part in them. My activism
There Is Absolutely No Shame In Having Depression Being able to talk about it candidly with those you trust will do you worlds of good.
This Short Film Reminds Us Why World Mental Health Day Is Important Today is World Mental Health Day. It is a day dedicated to raising awareness of mental health issues around the world and
Mental Health In The Workplace \u201cMental Health in the Workplace\u201d is the theme of World Mental Health Day 2017 and WFMH calls on each and every one of you
Don't Man Up. Talk To Each Other. Listen up Dave (in an equation where Dave = reader), we need to talk about mental health, and since it\u2019s World Mental Health
Terror Attacks In U.S. More Likely Than Elsewhere To Involve Guns And terrorist attacks using firearms are deadlier than attacks with other weapons.
In Puerto Rico, Lives Depend On Volunteer Doctors And Diesel Generators Doctors believe the death count would be far higher if it included people with chronic conditions who died because they lacked access to medical care.
How Gun Shops Could Play A Crucial Role In Preventing Firearm Suicides Storing guns outside the home is one way to reduce the risk of suicide.
People Are Sharing Their Most Cringeworthy AIM Screennames You know yours were just as bad.
I Have A Mental Illness And A Gun License. Here's What I Think Of Gun Reform. It has to be evidence-based, pragmatic and include a working knowledge of firearms.
US Olympic Athletes Didn't Get Zika, But Did Return With Other Mosquito-Borne Illnesses The threat of Zika virus was a major concern at the 2016 Rio Olympics. But new research shows that it was other diseases that came back.
Ode To The Bulletproof I am a specialist in \u201cpreventive\u201d medicine.\u00a0My career has been all about leveraging the many means at our disposal to add
Many Women With Disabilities Don't Get Screened For Cancer As Much As They Should Vision impairment, lack of access to a car and mobility problems were linked to lower rates of cancer screening.
Why Do I Need To See A Medical Oncologist? A diagnosis of cancer is often followed by myriad doctor appointments and many questions. Dr. Saranya Chumsri, a medical
Persons With Dementia Deserve A Better Trained Health Workforce Co-authored by Sandra Swantek, MD, associate professor and director of geriatric psychiatry, Rush University Medical Center
Vaping Instead Of Smoking Could Prevent Millions Of Premature Deaths E-cigarettes are still addictive, but they're not as harmful as tobacco cigarettes.
Black Women Still Have A Much Lower Chance Of Surviving Breast Cancer While overall survival rates for the disease are improving, a new study shows a major gap still exists.
Obamacare Sign-Up Challenge Navigators say that this year, their work includes convincing the skeptical that they will have benefits.
Better Information. Better Decisions. Better Health Care. Co-authored by Bill Kramer, executive director for national health policy at the Pacific Business Group on Health For more
Heavy Hearts This article has originally been published on Psychology Today. Friday morning in between sessions with clients a colleague
30 Things About Anxiety Nobody Talks About \u201c\u2018Anxiety\u2019 is a term used very loosely. It\u2019s not often that people acknowledge just how debilitating it is.\u201d
Did 'Nutcracker Man' Give Us Genital Herpes? The ancestors of modern humans may have gotten genital herpes from a now-extinct relative.
Why Cholera Isn't Likely In Puerto Rico, But Other Diseases Are Only 5 percent of Puerto Ricans have electricity and less than half have clean drinking water.
Criminalizing HIV Status Is Wrong And Governor Brown Should Stop It The California governor must decide whether to sign legislation ending stigmatization of people with HIV.
Why Misinformation Travels In The Wake Of Tragedies Like Las Vegas During an emergent situation, rumors can have social and psychological consequences.
How To Stay Awake At Work Many people rely on coffee for a buzz that keeps them animated throughout the day, but if you\u2019d rather avoid caffeine stimulation, try drinking a glass of water.
Grieving? This Is Why It's Important To Talk \u201cI\u2019m not crazy.\u201d \u201cI don\u2019t need medication.\u201d \u201cI already have a support system.\u201d \u201cThat\u2019s only for rich people.\u201d Regardless
4 Reasons To Lease A Car (And 4 Reasons To Own One) Lease or buy, the typical length of a warranty on a new vehicle is three years.
The Powerful Question Every Parent Needs To Ask Their Child During Meals When I first started working as a dietitian, I saw plenty of people perplexed about food. They went on diets, ate when stressed
When Adults Choose Not To Vaccinate Against Measles, Babies Pay The Price The U.S. has made major progress against measles over the years. But that doesn't mean we couldn't backslide.
Fewer Than Half Of Pregnant Refugees In Greece Have Prenatal Care Greece is undergoing a refugee crisis, and their public health system is struggling to cope.
What You Need To Know About Medicare Before Open Enrollment Begins Yes, it's as confusing as ever.
7 Graphics Cast Light On America's Gun Problem Imagine what we'd know if studying the issue were easier?
The Las Vegas Massacre Is A Reminder That We Need Gun Violence Research More Than Ever Data can provide the power to change laws and lives, and new research shows just how costly gun violence is.
U.S. Scientists Win Nobel Medicine Prize For Body Clock Research Chronobiology delves into everything from jet lag to sleep problems to depression.
Supporting Victims In The Aftermath Of Mass Shootings As a shooting survivor, I have an intimate view on victim support after a mass shooting.
What To Do If You Feel Traumatized By The Las Vegas Shooting Grief and anxiety are totally normal reactions even if you weren't there.
Your Doctor Recommended The Flu Vaccine For A Reason Between 2000 and 2015, this single vaccine has saved an estimated 20.3 million lives.
Needle Phobia Keeps Many Americans From Getting A Flu Shot Readers weigh in with their tips on keeping the fear at bay.
Why Julia Louis-Dreyfus Is My Hero Forever How she announced her diagnosis is very telling.
This World Heart Day, 'Share The Power' -- Learn CPR, How To Use An AED However, less than half of the 350,000-plus Americans who experience a cardiac arrest outside a hospital each year receive
The Hiking Trip That Helped Me Reconnect With Exercise Here's why working out in a group often yields better results.
Doctors In Puerto Rico Face Mounting Medical Crisis In Maria's Wake \We\u2019re doing the best that we can, but we need help. It\u2019s too much.\u201d
The Pharma Industry Tried To Justify Drug Prices. We Fact Checked Them. Drug companies are in the midst of a glossy publicity campaign to stop attempts to control rising pharma costs. But the devil is in the details.
Every Morning Is A Fresh Start For Kristy Wallace How the CEO of Ellevate makes it happen in the a.m.
Washington Sues Purdue Pharma Over Its Role In The Opioid Crisis Purdue has already reached a $19.5 million settlement with 26 states and Washington D.C.
A Single Genetic Tweak Could Explain How Zika Transformed Into A Devastating Virus It used to be a fairly harmless illness.
Psychiatric Diagnosis Gone Astray How The Mental Health Community Has Missed The Point About Diagnosis and Political Capacity Lloyd I. Sederer, MD Psychiatric
Coping With Disaster First there was Harvey, then Irma and, most recently, Maria. Hurricanes have hit Texas and the Gulf Coast, have torn through
Linking Diet And Headaches Certain foods and drinks are more often headache triggers than others.
Breathing Polluted Air May Increase The Risk For Kidney Problems Even low levels of fine particulate matter air pollution across the U.S. can increase the risk of kidney disease.
What Can A Family Tree Teach Us About Pediatric Cancer? Through the SJFAMILY study, St. Jude Children\u2019s Research Hospital is building a registry to find new cancer predisposition genes and help better understand familial cancers.
The One Question You Need to Ask About Heart Failure Today is World Heart Day and it\u2019s near and dear to my heart, no pun intended. You may know that my mom, Rita, has been living
Taking Steps To Avoid Heart Attacks May Protect You From Dementia, Too Valentin Fuster, MD, PhD Physician-in-Chief, The Mount Sinai Hospital Director of Mount Sinai Heart We all know someone\u2014a
Doctors See A Surge In Babies With Syphilis-Associated Birth Defects Public health experts say something has gone terribly wrong with prenatal care in the U.S. and that babies are paying the price.
HIV Is Spreading Among Older Adults In Europe HIV can strike anyone at any age, but prevention efforts are mostly targeted toward the young.
Concussions Are A Shockingly Common Part Of Adolescence In The U.S. About one in five teens has had one, and they're most common among those who play a contact sport.
Earthquakes Literally Broke Hearts In New Zealand People living in the most damaged houses were most at risk for heart attacks for a year after the jolts.
Less Healthy Americans Were More Likely To Vote Trump, Research Finds \People are voting for the president and party that are promising to enact policies that are very likely to further harm their health.\
When You Have To Decide Between Your Career And Your Sick Kid, Is There A Choice? Things can change very quickly for a family with a medically complex child.
Your Mood Might Be Connected To Your Ability To Resist The Flu At least according to a study of older adults.
U.S. Joins International  Crackdown On Illicit Online Pharmacies The FDA issued warning letters and seized nearly 100 website domain names.
Trump's New Immigration Restrictions Will Slow Scientific Advancement In The U.S. \u201cYou remain the best by attracting the brightest minds.\u201d
Outspeak Wants Your Videos For World Mental Health Day World Mental Health Day is approaching. Observed on October 10th every year the day is meant to raise awareness of mental
SNAP Food Aid Program Tied To Lower Health Spending For Poor \SNAP, which is not a healthcare program, nevertheless seems to have an effect on healthcare costs.\
Cost Of Healthy Foods May Explain Heart Risks Linked To 'Food Deserts' It may be money, rather than access, that prevents some people from having a healthy diet.
Babies Can Learn Perseverance By Watching Their Parents Struggle Parents shouldn't hide their hard work from their children.
Who Gets Health In Old Age? Rich White People Access to a doctor is essential, but overall health, it seems, is the sum of what happens in a lifetime.
6 Delicious & Healthy One-Bowl Meals The dish is really three stand-alone recipes in\u00a0one
Dear Cancer, You Greedy Bastard Dear Cancer, You killed my sister Jill, the other day, you sick f*ck. You cut her down in the prime of her life when you
A Letter To My Best Friend Who Died By Suicide The following submission is from an anonymous writer because they did not want to violate the privacy of their friend\u2019s family
How Bacteria Could Protect Tumors From Anticancer Drugs Cancers have unwitting allies
Guns Help Explain Difference In Urban And Rural Suicide Rates In Maryland, firearm suicide rates are 66 percent higher in rural counties than in urban counties.
Menopause, Hormone Replacement And Mortality Perhaps you are in a hurry.\u00a0If so, here\u2019s the bottom line at the top
How Alternate-Nostril Breathing Works It helps if your eyes are closed.
Researchers Discover Intriguing Link Between Magnesium And Dementia People with high or low levels of magnesium had a higher risk of developing dementia later on in life.
Annie Dean Has a Genius Way Of Getting Dressed In The Morning The woman behind the job board Werk takes us through her a.m. routine.
Opioid Deaths Are Hurting American Life Expectancy It takes a significant increase in deaths from a specific cause to affect overall life expectancy.
CDC Releases Guidelines About How To Stay Healthy After A Hurricane Mental health is the biggest long-term safety concern.
Private Vehicles Beat Ambulances In Saving Gunshot And Stabbing Victims When a person is critically wounded, every minute matters.
All The Ways Hurricanes Can Harm \u2014 And Help \u2014 The Ecosystems They Hit What Harvey and Irma left behind.
My Worst Fears Came True, But St. Jude Saved Our Son\u2019s Life Every summer, our family looks forward to July 4 and the celebrating that holiday brings. My husband and I, along with our
The New GOP Health Care Bill Would Be Devastating To People With HIV This bill would jeopardize efforts to end the HIV epidemic in the U.S.
A Love Letter To The Nurses Who Take Care Of Moms After Giving Birth Let's hear it for the nurses \u2014 they're real-life superheroes to so many people.
Endometrial Cancer DEAR MAYO CLINIC
The Sad Truth About How Stress Really Impacts Your Skin The first step is to step back and look at the root cause, and once you\u2019ve got your head around that, you\u2019ll be better equipped to break it down.
Why Are We Questioning Opiate Replacement Medications And Naltrexone For Opioid Dependence? You wouldn't question someone using Nicorette to quit smoking.
7 Ways To Save Money When You Die Do you have any idea how much a funeral can cost?
Dear Hollywood Glantz surmised that others agreed with his aim of keeping smoking out of youth-oriented movies, they just kept those opinions
Deconstructing Stigma Editor\u2019s note
Google Chooses Saving Lives Over Profits In The Midst of Opioid Epidemic The company says it will stop selling ad space to misleading addiction treatment centers.
Not Having Paid Sick Leave Can Have Dire Mental Health Consequences \u201cThere\u2019s real stigma attached to taking sick time to care for yourself.\
Poor Sleep Associated With Higher Risk Of Chronic Pain A general decline in both the quantity and quality of hours slept led to a two- to three-fold increase in pain problems over time.
Today's Teens Are More Childish Than Baby Boomers Were At Their Age For this generation, 18 is the new 15.
Triathlon Deaths Are A Lot More Common Than You'd Think The majority of deaths happen during the swim portion of the race.
Children Of The Opiate Crisis In July of 2017, the FDA announced that America\u2019s opioid addiction was their biggest crisis on hand. An alarming jump in
Without Price Breaks, Rural Hospitals Struggle To Stock Costly, Lifesaving Drugs An obscure Obamacare provision forces rural hospitals to pay full price for drugs that many bigger hospitals buy at deeply discounted rates.
Let The Sun Shine In On Health Care Costs I recently blew a tire while out on a bike ride; I must have hit a rock or something. I looked up bike repair shops on Yelp
How Do We Protect Our Children With Autism From Risky Run-Ins With Police? Today in the news, I witnessed one of my greatest fears \u2015 a teenaged boy with Autism encountered a police officer who misunderstood
What It's Like To Get Nexplanon, The Birth Control Implant In Your Arm It was very anticlimactic, and like the doctor said, I didn\u2019t feel a thing.
How The Opioid Crisis Is Blowing A Hole In Small-Town America's Finances Cities, towns and counties across the United States are struggling to deal with the financial costs of a drug addiction epidemic that killed 33,000 people in 2015 alone.
Building 'Breaks' Into Your Diet Could Help You Lose More Weight There's a case for letting your body rest between weight-loss periods.
24 Things People Don't Realize You're Doing Because Of Your Social Anxiety \I don\u2019t think most people realize that when I\u2019m out with friends and I suddenly leave, it\u2019s because of anxiety.\
What Watching My Daughter Develop The Same Anxiety I Struggle With Is Like I am thankful that my daughter is getting the treatment she needs, and I\u2019m hopeful that I can help her manage her condition fully and openly.
Health Care Costs Expected To Rise Because Of New Specialty Drugs Spending could increase more than $25 billion every year.
ACA Medicaid Expansion Tied To Earlier Cancer Care For The Poor A new study suggests a need for additional expansion of access to care, especially for low-income populations.
The Importance Of A Pap And HPV Test Combination For decades, many women have seen their health care provider for their yearly\u00a0Pap test\u00a0to screen for\u00a0cervical cancer. New
For A Creativity Boost, Try Listening To This Kind Of Music Happy, energetic tunes could stimulate problem solving skills and \divergent\ thinking.
Dear Selena Gomez, Sharing Your Struggles Has Given Us Strength Because of you, more people are talking about lupus and getting access to resources and support
Republican Health Care Efforts Would Harm Veterans, Report Says \u201cThat goes way beyond just turning the clock back to pre-ACA status quo,\ said report author Michael Dworsky.
8 Clever Packed Lunch Hacks We Stole From Kids 1. Pack In Categories
Zip Codes Of Medical Destiny The health choices any of us makes are ineluctably subordinate to the choices we have -- and we simply don\u2019t all have the same choices.
Decades Of Lifesaving Lessons, One Jump At A Time *** Kris\u2019 approach works. Just ask \u2026 The grandmother who was told she needed a stent, but refused. She told this to her daughter
Why We Eat Too Much It has nothing to do food, and therefore trying to change our diet isn\u2019t the most logical place to focus our efforts.
Here's Why Yawns Are So Contagious Trying to stop yourself from yawning makes you want to yawn more.
How To Turn Tap Water Into Bottled Water The CDC advises adding a tiny bit of bleach, one teaspoon of 5.25-percent sodium hypochlorite per gallon of water.
To The Widow Whose Husband Is Alive I know you wavered in your decision to seek out a widowed support group. In your heart, you felt you\u2019d lost the man you married
The Counterintuitive Reason You Shouldn't Say 'Sorry' It's not having its intended effect.
Your Routines Might Be Screwing With Your Body. Here's How To Fix It. When to eat, drink, sleep and think deep thoughts.
Healthcare Is Confusing Part III So, this is one of those mega-questions that I think all of our discussions about how we pay for and organize healthcare
I'm Not the \Perfect\ Disability Activist You Wanted Living with out-of-remission Crohn\u2019s Disease is like constantly having the stomach flu.
Texas Calls In The Air Force To Do Battle With Mosquitoes Mosquitoes can hurt hurricane recovery by swarming workers who are cleaning up.
That Pre-Meeting 'Power Pose' Isn't Doing What You Think It's Doing Here's what to do instead.
Progress On Global Poverty And Disease At Risk, Gates Says Proposed United States budget cuts could lead to 5 million more deaths from AIDS alone.
Deconstructing Stigma Editor\u2019s note
An Australian Tobacco Plant May Help Us Finally Eliminate Polio It could lead to a less-risky polio vaccine that doesn't require the actual virus to work.
Why Hillary Clinton Is Into 'Alternate Nostril Breathing' The technique is easy AND effective.
Get Prepared For When Viruses Come Home With Your Kids While no amount of preparedness will make the experience fun, being prepared can at least make things much more manageable.
Doctors Who Take Pharmaceutical Money Use Twitter To Hype Drugs \This is a big problem.\
What Suicide Survivors Want You To Know As the 10th leading cause of death in the United States, suicide remains a serious public health problem, according to the
How Pets Can Help Prevent Suicide #NSPW2017 This week is National Suicide Prevention Week. A week dedicated to raising awareness around a largely silent struggle. Suicide
This Anorexia Treatment Probably Doesn't Work. It Might Have Something To Tell Us Anyway. Bottle-feeding therapy touches on some of the factors that make eating disorders hard to treat.
4 Things Psychologists Do Every Day To Feel Happier \u201cIf I\u2019m getting down or feeling anxious, I\u2019ll make a list of things that I\u2019m grateful for.\u201d
Nearly Dying Made Me Realize How I Wanted To Live My Life Sometimes the things we are most afraid of starting end up being the most beautiful chapters of our lives.
'Reclaiming My Time' Gospel Song Is Now A Suicide Prevention Anthem New York City's first lady,  Chirlane McCray, is using the song to help spread a message of hope.
The Two Things I'm Carrying With Me As I Evacuate For Hurricane Irma What would you take if you had to leave?
Sharing Resources To Accelerate Cures Through the Childhood Solid Tumor Network, scientists work to find cures for pediatric solid tumors.
Drug Overdoses Are Killing A Lot More People Than HIV Or Guns At Their Worst More than 64,000 Americans died of overdoses last year alone.
Meth, Coke And Oil Drug use is a significant factor in workplace injuries and crimes involving oilfield workers.
Suicide As humans, we are hardwired to make sense of things. To analyze, formulate and reason. We\u2019re perpetually mining for meaning
How Fast Do You Walk? Your Answer Could Predict Your Risk Of Heart Disease Death Self-reported walking pace was strongly linked with physical fitness.
Why Doctors Need To Remember That Sick Patients Were Once Healthy People If we fail to do so, we will only treat diseases instead of the people who are suffering from them.
The Looming Consequences Of Breathing Mold Mold will mark the divide between people who can afford to escape it and people for whom the storm doesn\u2019t end.
To The Woman On The Beach Who Thanked Me For Rocking A Bikini Living with a chronic illness is no easy feat, and it gets even harder when that illness changes your outer appearance as much as mine has.
Treating Insomnia Can Ease Depression And Paranoia, Study Finds \Helping people get better sleep could be an important first step in tackling many psychological and emotional problems.\
What Should Doctors And Nurses Do When A Shooter Is In The Hospital? Most people believe doctors and nurses have a special obligation to protect patients even if it means endangering themselves.
Pet Therapy For Mental Health By Beth L. Murphy, MD, PhD In my work at McLean Hospital, I am surrounded by psychologists, psychiatrists, and other mental
Yemen's Cholera Epidemic Hits 600,000, Confounding Expectations The epidemic is the most explosive on record in terms of its rapid spread.
Thousands Hit By Malaria, Dengue As South Asia's Worst Floods In A Decade Recede About 13,000 people are ill with diarrhea and respiratory infections in densely populated Bangladesh.
Kentucky Trial Could Make State First In U.S. With No Abortion Clinic \u201cThe very right to access legal abortion in the state of Kentucky is on the line.\
Watching My Mother Age Taught Me About America's Lack Of Care For The Vulnerable Callousness and carelessness are damning parts of our national character.
How To Help The Flooded To truly help, it\u2019s important to first understand the emotional state of people who have flooded.
With Trump's Plan To Rescind DACA, Immigrant Health Gains May Be Lost If Dreamers are deported, it could create a new kind of refugee.
Practicing Self-Care Means Doing The Things That Make You Strong When enduring tragedy, it is important to lean upon the practices that bring you joy and keep you focused.
How I Used Back-To-School Season To Transform My Habits \Transitional times are a gold mine for fueling change.\
Diet And Climate What really matters about diet and climate, both as independent priorities and at their vital intersection, is not the wild
We Must Collectively Move Beyond Sex As Taboo Our public health relies heavily upon an open dialogue around our sexual behaviors.
Zika Virus Could One Day Help Treat A Deadly Form Of Brain Cancer Zika's most damaging quality could be weaponized against brain tumor cells.
Cannabis Is No Ordinary Commodity Pot is different from growing, distributing and selling potatoes, beef, salmon or cars, common commodities with of course
Fighting Prostate Cancer With Abundant Treatment Options A diagnosis of prostate cancer can feel overwhelming for a man. Foremost on their mind is usually what\u2019s the best way to
For 10 Years, This Chain Of Survival Has Been Saving Lives -- Like Steve's At the end of a rough, travel-filled work week, Steve Rice needed to get away. His parents own a condo near the Keystone
Your Work Out Habits Could Be Linked To Your Wealth The more money you make, the more likely you are to exercise only on the weekends.
The Stakes In Selecting The Proper Diets For Ourselves Are Extremely High Our choice to follow a predominately meat diet or a predominately plant diet is not without consequence.
From The Mental Health Wreckage Of Katrina, Lessons To Help Harvey's Victims The damage from the storm goes beyond flooding.
Artist Creates Eye-Opening Illustrations About Her Rare Disease \Keep telling your story and eventually someone will listen.\
In New York State, A Glimmer Of Good News About The Opioid Crisis More evidence that naloxone access helps prevent deaths.
Nurses Endure A Shocking Amount Of Violence On The Job Usually, though, it's not at the hands of police officers.
Cardiac Arrest Help From Bystanders Less Common In Black Neighborhoods Survival after cardiac arrest was also worse in predominantly black neighborhoods than in white neighborhoods.
What A Summer of Sickness Taught Me About Being a Man By James Prenatt Last summer I became engaged to the woman who would later become my wife.\u00a0 It wasn\u2019t an easy time and it
What The House GOP Isn\u2019t Telling You About Their Obamacare Repeal Bill \If you like your workplace health care plan, you probably can't keep it!\
St. Kitts Launches Probe Of Herpes Vaccine Tests On U.S. Patients The vaccine research sparked controversy because the lead investigator conducted the trial without FDA or institutional review board oversight.
Why Adults Still Experience Back-To-School Anxiety Yes, it's totally normal to get jitters. Here are some ways to ace that emotional test.
Older Chinese-Americans Who've Faced Bias Are More Likely To Have Suicidal Thoughts They're twice as likely to think about ending their lives, a study found.
Couple Sues Amazon Over Defective Eclipse Glasses After viewing the eclipse with the glasses, the couple experienced headaches and distorted vision.
How Displaced Texans Who Need Critical Medicine And Care Can Get Help Despite Harvey, things like insulin shots, antiretrovirals and dialysis can't be interrupted.
The Story Behind This Signed Baseball Will Probably Make You Cry \u201cAn autographed ball by Babe Ruth could not be worth half as much as this ball is.\
People Who Are Deaf Are Really Sick Of Getting Asked These Questions That includes whether or not they wish they could hear.
Storm Harvey Could Financially Hurt Already Strained Houston Hospitals Houston hospitals cut thousands of jobs this year and posted millions of dollars in losses, even before the storm.
3 Quick And Easy Ways To Get Funding For Medical Costs When the costs of medical coverage seem insurmountable, utilizing these alternative funding options can alleviate the burden.
How My Overdose Saved My Life I\u2019m a mom and a wife. I\u2019m a Chemical Dependency Counselor Assistant and Peer Recovery Support Specialist for BrightView Health
How To Maintain Real Life Friendships In A Digital World We are living in the most connected era, daily looking into people\u2019s lives across the country from our cell phone or computer
Will Flooding In Texas Lead To More Mosquito-Borne Illness? With mosquito-borne illnesses specifically, it appears that there may be a delayed effect.
Peter Thiel Is Funding Unregulated Human Research Outside The Country But the scientific process may stop him in his tracks.
FDA Approves Treatment That Modifies Patient's Own Genes To Fight Cancer The catch
After Cancer Treatments, Patients Are Blindsided By Infertility Some patients felt they never got the chance to discuss options to preserve their fertility.
Newborns' Hospital Care Quality May Be Tied To Race In some neonatal intensive care units, minority newborns received worse care than white children -- but the opposite was true at other facilities.
Live Gecko Found Inside A Man's Ear The man was experiencing severe pain and a squirming feeling in his ear.
Hurricane Harvey's Public Health Impact Extends Beyond Flooding \Disasters magnify fragilities that are already present in society.\
A Simple Tweak Could Make Fecal Transplants Less Gross Companies are trying to take the \ick\ factor out of fecal transplants.
Antioxidant Expert Answers Your Questions On Instant Coffee And Tea Brewed, bottled, or instant, there is a coffee and tea that fits conveniently into anyone\u2019s life. But do they all have the
Recovery Centers Of America Fails Basic Standards For Care, Honesty And Safety The addiction treatment center seems to have put money over medical care. The result? Patient deaths.
I Wish I Could Borrow Someone Else\u2019s Heart While Mine Heals There is something about this heart of mine, that holds onto feelings so deep. It grabs ahold of someone\u2019s love with a death
Read This If You Want To Be Fearless But Don\u2019t Know How Life can be scary. We learn that at an early age. You learn that the first time you think there is a monster in your closet
Why Learning To Love Your Life Can Teach You To Love Yourself Every day you tend to learn something new. It can be a small thing you heard while eavesdropping at the hairdressers or it
Tips On Staying Focused In A World Filled With Distractions With all that is going on around us, now more than ever it\u2019s become more challenging to remain focused. The world is filled
Lifestyle As Medicine Among the predominant themes of modern medicine is a consistent emphasis on high standards of evidence.\u00a0For purposes of this
Aetna May Have Exposed The HIV Status Of Thousands Of Clients Faulty envelopes are blamed.
14 Quote Cards For People Who Hate Inspirational Quotes \u201cEat like nobody is going to see you naked.\u201d
5 Forgotten Risk Factors For Heart Attack Risk factors for heart attack are universally well-known since they increase the likelihood in just about anyone \u2013 smoking
Your Coffee May Keep Your Brain From Recognizing Sugar Beware of that caffeine jolt.
Donald Trump Is A Disgrace, But He Is Not Mentally Ill Of late, there has been an uptick in the diagnosing of Donald Trump\u2019s mental health. The HuffPost ran a banner headline that
McDonald's Will Stop Buying Chicken Treated With Antibiotics. Here's Why That Matters. This is a major step in the fight against superbugs.
Constant Anxiety Won't Save The World Anxiety is not a necessary prerequisite for action.
Imaging The Effects Of Menopausal Hormone Therapy On The Brain By Kejal Kantarci, MD, MS, Mayo Clinic-Rochester, Society for Women\u2019s Health Research Interdisciplinary Network on Alzheimer\u2019s
There's No Such Thing As 'Digital Natives' And the myth that they exist is hurting the entire workforce.
Don't Overthink, Just Do (The Overthinker\u2019s Guide To Taking Action) Balancing thought and action will always be a challenge for many people. When you spend too much time picturing what a project
So Your Therapist Is A Social Worker Ok, I have no way of actually knowing whether your therapist is a social worker, but I\u2019m going to talk about what might make
4 Ways To Rejection-Proof Yourself By Terri Trespicio Rejections hurts\u2014literally. Research shows an overlap in how our brains respond to rejection and physical
After Solar Eclipse, Americans' Eyes Seem Mostly None The Worse \I\u2019m sort of amazed so far that we haven\u2019t examined anybody who has damage.\
Health Officials Worry A Deadly Avian Flu In China Could Be Next Pandemic The virus could mutate and spread.
William And Harry Open Up About The Days Following Their Mother's Death The two brothers appear in a revealing new BBC documentary.
Your High School Friendships Are Still Affecting Your Mental Health Popularity isn't everything.
Cigarettes Could Become Less Addictive Thanks To The FDA Reducing nicotine in cigarettes could be a public health win -- depending on how the reduction is implemented.
What Mental Health Experts Can Say About The Presidency Co-authored by Dee Mosbacher, M.D., Ph.D. and Nanette Gartrell, M.D. \u201cNow that he has won the presidency, why wouldn\u2019t he
American Surgeons Poorly Prepared For Humanitarian Operations Ever-more specialized American surgeons don't learn the skills needed in areas stricken by war, earthquakes or other disasters.
Eating Disorders Linked To History Of Theft Convictions could increase a patient\u2019s stress and anxiety, interrupt treatment and hamper recovery.
How To Re-Ignite The Spark In Your Body, Mind And Soul And if you were wondering, here's my definition of 'wrong'
Starting Mammograms At Age 40 Would Save The Most Lives Early screenings would save the most lives, but result in more false positives.
A Potential Long-Term Cure For Deadly Peanut Allergies Could Be Around The Corner Children with peanut allergies are aided by the inclusion of probiotics in their normal treatment regimen, new research suggests.
5 Things To Know Before You Try Meditation So many people want to meditate but they either don\u2019t know where to start or can\u2019t find the time. Fitting meditation into
Deconstructing Stigma Editor\u2019s note
Spouse Criticism May Worsen Chronic Low Back Pain Negative responses seem to work in a cycle.
Putting Sugar On Trial Last week at this time, saturated went on trial \u2013 in both criminal and civil cases.\u00a0Because the separation of saturated fat
Stop Insurance Companies From Discriminating Against Mental Health Patients Despite widespread acknowledgement in the medical community that mental health issues are just as serious as any other medical
Stop Avoiding Your Creative Destiny... Let It Begin Now It\u2019s Time To Stop Resisting the Creative You Creativity emerges the moment your imagination awakens and you feel joy doing
Here's How To Watch The Eclipse Without Ruining Your Eyes Beware before looking to the sky.
Adult Gambling Addiction Tied To Childhood Trauma Growing evidence links stressful life experiences and addiction.
Yes, You Can Do More Than One Thing At A Time Successfully By Jim Smith UCF Forum columnist Growing up was a little hectic in my family\u2019s household during the 1970s and \u201980s, but something
Miscarriage Is Usually Beyond A Mother\u2019s Control DEAR MAYO CLINIC
White Supremacists Are Using Genetic Ancestry Tests For A Creepy Purpose DNA companies promote their tests as the end of discrimination. That's not what's happening.
Long-Term Gum Disease Linked To Alzheimer's Disease People with chronic gum inflammation for 10 or more years were 70 percent more likely than people without periodontitis to develop Alzheimer\u2019s disease.
Time Management There\u2019s this huge lie we tell ourselves that \u201cwe don\u2019t have enough time\u201d. There is some truth to do that because eventually
Mylan Settles With Feds For $465 Million Over EpiPen Controversy The company was accused of overcharging the government for EpiPens.
What Can The Brain Reveal About Gratitude? New research is exploring the brain regions linked to gratitude\u2014and it helps explain gratitude's many benefits.
The Unselfish Art Of Prioritizing Yourself Most of us are taught from an early age that being selfless is a good thing. There are many benefits of altruism to both
Special Probation For Prisoners With Mental Illness Keeps Them From Returning To Jail \They\u2019re in the community, they\u2019re getting the support they need, and they\u2019re able to move forward with their own recovery.\
Why You Should Take More Time Off From Work Not only are vacations relaxing, but they can boost our productivity and creativity -- if done right.
Florida's 'Stand Your Ground' Law Linked To Surge In Homicides As soon as the law took effect, homicide rates spiked.
When Disease Is Bigger Than A Body I had a crew from Good Morning America in my home yesterday morning to film an interview about the documentary, What the
This Is The Best Running Belt For Your Phone Say goodbye to awkward running gear like the fanny pack and armband.
When Abortion Clinics Close, Healthcare Costs Go Up Women who don't have a nearby abortion clinic seek treatment in hospital emergency rooms, driving up cost.
How To Combat Back-To-School Anxiety With the days get shorter and schedules getting fuller, August isn\u2019t just about mourning the end of another summer; it\u2019s
How To Not Lose Track Of What\u2019s Really Important In any given lifetime, a person can be many things, often, to many people. We are parents, partners, sons or daughters, siblings
8 Portion-Control Hacks That Really Work As a nutritionist and portion-size researcher, I've helped thousands of clients slim down while eating foods they love with
Hairstylists Create A Stunning Makeover For Client With Depression Heartbreaking yet inspiring.
Am I Being Selfish When I\u2019m Loving Myself? Are you concerned that if you focus on taking loving care of yourself you will be selfish? Discover the difference between
Saving Lives And Money In The Fight Against America's Opioid Epidemic Aren't we really all on the same page, here?
More Than A Half Million People Struck By Cholera In Yemen Health workers haven't been paid in almost a year.
Alex Rodriguez Reveals He Practices Yoga, And He's Gone To Class With JLo And he does pilates, too.
I Was A Med Student At UVA, And I've Witnessed Intolerance In Rural Virginia The pictures from Charlottesville showing places I\u2019ve been filled with such hatred and violence are shocking. But I can\u2019t say that I\u2019m terribly surprised.
Kids Could Start A Ceasefire In Health Care Wars Following last month\u2019s contentious congressional debate over repealing the Affordable Care Act, the next major battle in
The Over-The-Counter Drug Reactions You Should Watch Out For Potentially serious side effects for popular medications are more common than you may think.
Americans Are Drinking More, But Why? With so much focus on the opioid crisis, perhaps a parallel alcohol crisis has gone unnoticed.
Shannon Purser Nails One Of The Worst Parts About Mental Illness Sometimes being alone feels like the only solution.
Putting Saturated Fat On Trial As I listen to the seemingly ceaseless, virtual shouting about diet and health these days, much of it self-serving, and little
Let Introverts Be Who They Are If you think this, I probably just find what you have to say uninteresting or unimportant; talking to you will literally
Even The Perception That Tap Water Is Unsafe Can Harm Poor People's Health Tap water is the best way to stay hydrated. But it's not so simple for some.
Colorectal Cancer Rising In Young Whites A study led by my colleague Rebecca Siegel, MPH made headlines this week when it identified a worrisome rise in colorectal
We Need To Do Better With Everyday Mental Health Conversation \u201cIt was so awkward that I wanted to kill myself.\u201d \u201cYeah no totally. She\u2019s psycho.\u201d \u201cThat party was so packed. I was gonna
8 Self-Care Tips For Cancer Survivors While the first few months after a cancer diagnosis typically are the most challenging, there is a different struggle that
Trump's 'Emergency' Declaration For Opioids Could Be A Double-Edged Sword State-level programs for the drug crisis can show us what the federal response might mean.
Poor Medicare Patients May Spend More On Hospital Stays \Beneficiaries who are least able to afford it may be at greatest risk for incurring these high costs.\
Can New Tool Make Cervical Biopsy More Efficient, Less Painful? Researchers experiment testing with a rotating fabric brush instead of a sharp object.
How AI Robots Hunt New Drugs For Crippling Nerve Disease ALS attacks and kills nerve cells controlling muscles, leading to weakness, paralysis and, ultimately, respiratory failure.
A 'Coffee Nap' Could Make You Much More Productive Don't knock it until you try it.
New Hampshire Sues Purdue Pharma Over Opioid Marketing Practices The lawsuit claims that Purdue Pharma significantly downplayed OxyContin's risk of addiction.
No, Mr. President, A Wall Won\u2019t Stop Opioid Overdose Deaths We know what to do. Now, we have to roll up our sleeves and do it.
Birth Control Now Available Without Doctor Visit In Colorado Women in Colorado can now buy birth control without going to the doctor, sort of like men can with condoms. The new law will
Guys Feel More Rivalry With Siblings, Study Shows But those differences seem to fade by adulthood.
Glen Campbell's Legacy The sad news about the passing of Glen Campbell compels us to take a moment to reflect upon the life and journey of the legendary
What I Would Say To President Trump About The Opioid Crisis These are times that call for radical change.
Postpartum Depression Once again, I am an open book when it comes to the postpartum depression I experienced with my now 3-year-old son Henry. I
Gender Discrimination And Diagnosis When girls fixate on dolls or books, when they\u2019re obsessively neat or shy and quiet, that\u2019s seen as normal\u2014deferential female behavior.
Heart Disease Risk In Middle Age Tied To Dementia Later Healthy blood vessels in middle age may help protect against cognitive decline.
My Life Is Horrible... By Social Media Standards If we chase after perfection, then we lose sight of all the wonderfully less-than-perfect blessings we have already been given.
Why Fat On Your Hips May Be Healthy Just because you\u2019re lean, it doesn\u2019t mean you\u2019re healthy.
Stop Comparing Your Life To Beautifully-Filtered Photos Hey, we all do it. It\u2019s the reason that social media \u201cdepression\u201d has become a thing, and why some people take hiatus from
You MUST Conquer This Feeling For Work-Life Balance One word describes the universal feeling many, if not all women experience that inhibits their quest for work-life balance
Your Instagram Photos May Reveal Whether Or Not You Have Depression The power of social media.
On Losing My Colon And Falling In Love With Food Again For the 2+ years I suffered from UC, I abstained from dairy, alcohol, and sugar.
The Email Tricks That Will Completely Change Your Life Easy AND effective? Subscribe.
New Report Shows Drug Overdose Deaths Hit Record High The numbers have come out one week after Trump's commission on opioids asked him to declare the epidemic a national emergency.
How To Win Big In Life Starting From Where You Are Now After a rough starting half of 2017, my happiness was depleting and I didn\u2019t know how to regain my strength. There are many
Free Lock Boxes Tied To Safer Gun Storage In Family Homes \Accidents can happen to anyone, and storing firearms that are unlocked and loaded is extremely dangerous.\
6 Signs Your Child Might Have Dyslexia This post originally appeared on Babble.com and was reprinted with permission. Lucy is a bubbly 9-year-old with a vivid imagination
It\u2019s Time To Look Beyond Bullying The continued narrative that youth suicide is caused by bullying may divert schools\u2019 focus from solutions that would target more prevalent risk factors for suicide.
Here's What Happened When I Gave Up Takeout For A Month Seamless is a bitter habit to break.
Opioid Commission Just Issued First Report; What\u2019s Missing Will Surprise You The federal Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis last week released its much anticipated recommendations
High-Fat Diet Linked To Lung Cancer Risk In addition to not smoking, a healthy diet can reduce lung cancer risk.
Naked Truth I\u2019m not perfect, I never will be, but who is?
Triana Browne Could Become Miss America. She's Already A Champion. The problems began before Triana Browne was even born. With each of her mother\u2019s contractions, Triana\u2019s heart stopped. An
Personalized Vaccines May One Day Prevent Skin Cancer Relapses \If every patient has a different set of tumors, we can make a vaccine tailored to each patient.\
Dear Netflix, Please Chill I don\u2019t want my illness to be a witty plot device.
This Simple Question Could Unlock Americas Health\u00a0Crisis America is in the grip of a massive health crisis that has nothing to do with Washington. With one simple question, we could
8 Bad Mistakes That Make Good Employees Leave Creating a stable environment that promotes achievement, unity, and personality is essential to successful workplaces.
From Tomato Jam to Peach Cobbler This quick bread makes the perfect afternoon snack whenever you\u2019re in need of a chocolate fix. \u00a0It has a deep chocolate flavor
Why Eye Contact Is So Distressing For People With Autism A study shows eye contact has nothing to do with empathy and we may need to rethink its importance in our society.
Between Addict And Recovery The warning signs were flashing emergency and the alarms were blaring at a sonic boom the week prior to my latest relapse
What The Washington Post Gets Wrong About Opioids The paper gets its history wrong.
Oversupply Of Pain Pills After Surgery Helps Fuel Opioid Epidemic \Opioids are very dirty, nasty drugs, but they do have a role.\
Typical Adults Eat Enough Salt To Damage Heart Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide.
Sunscreen Made From DNA Would Last Forever Earth's yellow sun is the source of its power.
Dog Owners More Likely To Exercise Regularly Regular dog walkers were more active on days with cold, rainy weather.
Measles Cases Could Triple Even With Just A Small Decline In Vaccinations Vaccine hesitancy is a major public health concern that needs to be highlighted.
California\u2019s Answer To The Opioid Crisis While the opioid epidemic has ravaged the East Coast and Appalachia, on the West Coast, California has not escaped the blight
A Decade Of Diet Lies Ancel Keys, arguably the most influential nutrition scientist of the past half century or so, died in 2004 at the age of
How A Panic Attack On A Plane Forced Me To Finally Face My Anxiety To overcome my anxiety, I needed to learn to become more aware of my triggers.
Why Your Muscles Hurt So Much The Day After You Work Out Next time
Sunscreen 101 Meera Sivendran, MD Instructor Department of Dermatology Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Part of summer\u2019s fun is
5 Tips For Individuals With Autism On Finding Employment At 25, one of my first dreams came true on finding a full-time job. 21 years before that happened I was diagnosed with autism
Pregnancy Disorder Exacts Toll On Mothers, Babies, Health Care Funds The number of women diagnosed with preeclampsia has been rising since 1980.
The Importance Of Revamping The Guidelines For Alzheimer's Disease By Neelum T. Aggarwal, MD, Rush Alzheimer\u2019s Disease Center, SWHR Interdisciplinary Network on Alzheimer\u2019s Disease Member
PrEP Can Be Taken As Needed, Rather Than Daily, Study Says Taking four doses of PrEP around the time of sexual activity cut the risk of HIV by 97 percent.
Deconstructing Stigma Editor\u2019s note:\u00a0Deconstructing Stigma
People See Heavier Asian-Americans As More American, Study Shows \u201cI hope this work supports the push for ideas of Americanness to be more inclusive and accurate.\
Philippines Has Highest HIV Infection Growth Rate In Asia-Pacific Two out of three new HIV infections were among 15 to 24 year-old men.
The Internet And Social Media By Raffi Keuhnelian If you woke up in the middle of the night to have a glass of wine, most would say you have a problem
Lung Cancer Fifteen years ago, the trajectory of lung cancer\u2014the No. 1 cancer killer of both women and men\u2014changed forever. The year
8 Inaccurate Thoughts That Make You Unhappy \u201cWhat disturbs men\u2019s minds is not events but their judgments on events.\u201d Epictetus Stoics and psychologists agree. Most of
Majority Of Americans Want Congress To Move On From Health Care Reform Obamacare has grown steadily more popular since January.
U.S. Proposes Cigarette Nicotine Cut, Shift Toward E-Cigarettes The action shakes up a debate among public health advocates as to whether e-cigarettes represent a health risk or potential benefit.
More Than A Third Of US Adults Prescribed Opioids In 2015 The new study suggests the US needs to curb excessive opioid prescribing and improve access to pain management techniques.
Tufts' Nutrition Experts Answer Your Questions On The Benefits Of Berries At the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University, you can tell it is blueberry season by the bowls
Sam Shepard's Death Is A Reminder There's Still No Cure For ALS Most people only live three to five years following an ALS diagnosis.
The Top 10 Workout Songs For August 2017 This month\u2019s top workout songs benefit mightily from the element of surprise. Genres and artists that don\u2019t generally make
How To Move Forward From A Painful Past Human society is a bunch of people scurrying around trying to find pleasure, avoid pain and strike a healthy balance between
NFL Still Owes More Than Half Its Brain-Research Pledge The league's $30 million deal with the National Institutes of Health to study CTE is dissolving in acrimony.
6 Finance Tips I Wish I Followed In My Twenties College is an age characterized by impulsive behaviors, rash decision-making, and excess spending above all else. It\u2019s easy
12 Things Truly Confident People Do Differently Confidence takes many forms, from the arrogance of Floyd Mayweather to the quiet self-assurance of Jane Goodall. True confidence
Protestors With Disabilities Deserve The Credit For Saving Obamacare Let's praise the demonstrators dragged out of wheelchairs and arrested -- not GOP Senators.
Just A Small Amount Of Exercise Can Improve Body Image Work out then strut out.
Thank You, Texas Rep. Shawn Thierry, For Addressing The Serious Issue Of Maternal Morbidity On behalf of the Association for Women\u2019s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses (AWHONN), the national organization that represents
Science, Evolution And Our Intimate Parts An opinion piece was recently published in JAMA Internal Medicine with the provocative title
I'm Mentally Ill. Stop Calling Me Crazy. I remember it like Groundhog\u2019s Day yesterday. On a 1990s winter\u2019s afternoon in New York my boyfriend and I were having a
FDA Proposes Reducing Nicotine In Cigarettes, Moving Smokers To E-Cigarettes The announcement sent cigarette company stocks tumbling.
Want To Cut Overdose Deaths In Half? Try Listening To Recovery Advocates. With a few key changes, the United States could reduce drug overdoses by 50 percent. But that means challenging our prejudices about addiction.
The Global War On Tobacco Is Far From Over ONE could easily be mistaken for thinking the war on tobacco is coming to a close. Lighting up a cigarette mid-flight seems
Control Your To-Do List, Don't Let It Control You \u201cYou can do anything, but not everything.\u201d With the seemingly never-ending to-do list, that little statement is very true
First Editing Of Human Embryos Carried Out In United States Results of the peer-reviewed study are expected to be published soon in a scientific journal.
Guns, God, And Recovery Progressive cutting edge treatment programs and public policy for addiction and recovery on America\u2019s frontier.
A Medical Student's Perspective On Medicaid My patients\u2019 income or zip code should not determine the number of days they\u2019ll stay in the hospital or the care they will or will not receive after being discharged.
Suicide 'Clusters' May Appear In Army Units One suicide attempt in a unit can foreshadow future attempts by other soldiers.
Grieving Losses Other Than Death Regardless of the type of loss you\u2019ve experienced, your grief is a real.
How Brain's 'Helper Cells' Could Contribute To Schizophrenia A study in mice could inform future schizophrenia treatments.
Entering The Medical World As A Caregiver When you are suddenly thrust into life as a caregiver, handling a loved one\u2019s medical needs can be one of the most confusing
The Mental Toll Of Repeal The current Republican strategy would leave millions of Americans without any options for treatment.
Heroin, Mr. President Mr. President, the present recovery system is broken and cannot be fixed. You must revamp from the ground up regardless of
Professional Comments On Trump\u2019s Mental Health Are A Bad Idea And I don\u2019t even like\u00a0Trump.
Texas Reports First Probable Local Zika Transmission This Year This appears to be 2017's first instance of a mosquito spreading the virus in the United States.
Be Cautious Of Birth Control Apps, Experts Say Birth control apps are essentially a tech-age form of natural family planning.
Sperm Count Falling Sharply In Developed World, Researchers Say New findings point to a potential decline in male health and fertility.
Who Is Your Senator More Afraid Of Seniors have historically been a hornets' nest that politicians prefer not to poke.
3 Genetics Tests To Improve Prenatal Screening This article is authored by the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine. The mission of the Center is to discover
Slight Drop In Measles Vaccinations Could Triple Infections In U.S. Kids Measles is a highly contagious virus that can be serious or even fatal.
5 Tips To Be More Understanding Do you want to be understood? Your feelings, circumstances, and point of view, for example. Do you make an effort to understand
Most People Will Have A Mental Health Condition At Some Point Mental illness may be more common than diabetes, heart disease and cancer -- combined.
1 In 3 Cases Of Dementia Could Be Prevented By Healthier Lifestyles Public health strategies could help decrease the global numbers of dementia cases.
A Search For The Flavor Of A Beloved Childhood Medicine It\u2019s easier to romanticize something that can never be recaptured again \u2014 much like youth itself.
People With Alzheimer's May Have More Bacteria In Their Brains Alzheimer\u2019s is a progressive brain disease in which brain cells become damaged and die.
Hopes For HIV Cure Revived By African Child In Remission The child is off treatment and has no signs of the disease.
Patient-Centered Vs. Lab-Centered 'Personalized Medicine' \u201cIt is more important to know the patient who has the disease than the disease the patient has.\u201d \u2015 \u00a0Hippocrates Personalized
Is Cancer Just A Question Of 'Bad Luck'? Yvane Wiart, Universit\u00e9 Paris Descartes \u2013 USPC \u201cDoctor, what caused my cancer?\u201d For doctors, this question is often perplexing
HIV Fight Advances With New Drug Cocktails, Fresh Vaccine Hopes \The Achilles heel for us is drug resistance because the virus is incredibly quick to mutate.\
Misophonia When I first discovered what \u2018Misophonia\u2019\u00a0is, I had an entirely different story to tell. I was relieved there was a name
Understanding The Myths About Breast Cancer The words \u201ccancer\u201d and \u201cbreast cancer\u201d have always caused fear in the hearts of most people and are seldom spoken unless
Road Trip Winning I have written before about road trip tricks, but my preparation for our recent trip to Colorado really left me feeling great
An Iron Rod Through The Head Shows Us What's Important In Life We have a say in how we respond to our emotions.
11 Tips To Protect Yourself Against Online Romance Scams You can do a little detective work yourself.
WHO Sees High Risk From Kenya Cholera Outbreak The disease is spread by ingesting fecal matter.
If You Really Loved, Then It Could Never Be A Loss This story was brought to you by Thought Catalog and Quote Catalog. By Marisa Donnelly, author of Somewhere on a Highway
Mac, Cheese, And Hot Lead Assuming you aren\u2019t preoccupied with trivialities, like whether or not 30 million people have health insurance, then you
One Story Of Glioblastoma My heart goes out to the McCain family and to all families who have to deal with this horrible reality.
The Bipartisan Health Care Solution That Keeps Dying In Congress Telemedicine reaches more patients at lower costs and has support across the aisle, so why isn't it universally adopted?
Mothers Who Breastfeed Might Have Lower Multiple Sclerosis Risk Why breastfeeding might reduce the risk of MS is unclear.
A Positive Perspective In The Face Of Cancer Cancer doesn\u2019t seem to be going anywhere, but that doesn\u2019t mean it has the power to replace joy.
6 Toxic People To Run Away From Now An article entitled Ten Toxic People to Avoid Like the Plague appeared in my inbox this morning. I clicked it fast as I could
Is There 'Closure' After A Loved One\u2019s Death? There is no point at which you will never cry again, although as time goes on the tears are bittersweet and less common. When
How Might John McCain Survive Brain Cancer? The revered GOP Senator is the beneficiary of top-notch health care, but he faces a daunting, relentless disease.
Cancer Doesn't Choose Who Survives Based On How Hard Someone Fights Let the well wishes for John McCain also be an important reminder.
There\u2019s No Right Way To Respond To A Cancer Diagnosis It\u2019s a personal decision that cannot be judged by anyone else.
The Four Reasons Most Millennials Are Underemployed And Unfulfilled Some hard truths about the perspectives that hold us back.
The 'Breadth' Of Male Breast Cancer A diagnosis of cancer, or any life-threatening disease for that matter, brings with it an open invitation to glance back
Medicaid Is Not An Entitlement For The Poor But A Gateway For Health And Sustainability By Sharisse Tracey Although for now, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has escaped the wrath of Republicans, they are still intent
Deconstructing Stigma Editor\u2019s note
Obesity Many people think if they just stick to a diet and exercise, they\u2019ll lose weight; unfortunately, many are not successful
Troian Bellisario Says Mental Illness 'Almost Killed Me' \There was a time when it had absolute authority over me.\
\u201cTo The Bone\u201d Didn\u2019t Teach Me Glamour. It Taught Me Respect. Oftentimes, films or TV shows about eating disorders try to convince victims to stop by showing them their sickly thin appearance
Some Vegetarian Diets May Actually Be Harming Your Health Pay attention to your plate.
Tuberculosis Vaccine Candidate MTBVAC Shows Differential Protection Compared With BCG According to Dr. Nacho Aguil\u00f3 first author of the study, \there are no specific antigens associated with the efficacy of
There's Still An Ongoing Zika Crisis In Brazil And there are important lessons the U.S. should learn from it.
The 12 Prohibitions You Need To Forget Stop blaming your parents and set yourself free.
As An Eating Disorder Therapist, I'm Worried After Seeing Netflix's 'To The Bone' It plays out a lot of tired old stereotypes about people with eating disorders.
10 Eating Habits Linked to Dying from Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes \Many Americans realize there's something wrong with the food system that's increasing their risk of disease,\ says Renata
Hepatitis C Douglas T. Dieterich, MD Director, Institute of Liver Medicine Professor of Medicine, Division of Liver Disease Icahn School
How 'To The Bone' Glamorizes Interpersonal Connection Over Eating Disorders When Netflix released 13 Reasons Why in March of 2017, public response was mixed. Many believed the series glamorized suicide
As I Grieve, 'Maybe' Has Become A Positive Tool To Help Me Find Balance When you are in the process of grieving a loss of any kind, you must avoid looking ahead into the future. You are so devastated
More Than 100 People Overdosed On Synthetic Marijuana In One Pennsylvania County The drug is far more dangerous than real cannabis.
How To Deal With The Side Effects Of Breast Cancer Treatment Anyone who has watched television has most likely seen the ads for breast cancer drugs as presented on behalf of a drug manufacturer
What My Dying Succulent Taught Me About Self Care See this? This is my succulent. This, in fact, is the only remnant of my third succulent arrangement that I bought after
The Flip Side Of Medicaid As our government tries to repeal Obamacare and make budget cuts to other programs, it makes me think of what Medicaid has
10 Things NOT To Do To Someone With Mental illness 1) Don\u2019t Speak This seems to fly in the face of perceived wisdom. We are supposed to talk to someone when they are unwell
Cuts To Medicaid Could Worsen U.S. Opioid Crisis, Governors Warn \We\u2019re kidding ourselves if we don\u2019t think what\u2019s happening with health care in Congress right now is affecting this issue.\
FDA Raises Concerns About Meridian's Plant That Makes Lead Tests The agency report listed certain observations that may be in violation of federal law.
OCD Is Not Just Having A Few Odd Tics. It's A Disordered Way Of Thinking . When people joke about being \u201cso OCD,\u201d what they mean to say is that they have a preference for something to be ordered specifically
Medicine For Another Day A \u201cnew era\u201d in medicine does not come along very often.\u00a0We had one, perhaps, in 1854 when John Snow effectively invented
Writing Your Own Story Can Protect Your Health After A Breakup But a new study suggests you do more than just vent your feelings.
Your Baby's Brain Development Do you remember the exact moment you held your baby for the first time? I bet that you do. Most of us mothers can remember
Disorderly Brexit Could Put Patients At Risk, Drug Industry Warns The change could potentially disrupt Britain's supply of life-saving medicines.
Drug-Resistant Bacteria Often Lurk In Children\u2019s, Dogs\u2019 Sandboxes C. diff is increasingly being found outside hospitals.
FDA Backs Pioneering Gene-Altering Cancer Treatment A new cancer drug won enthusiastic support from a federal advisory panel.
Whichever Way \u2018Repeal And Replace\u2019 Blows, Pharma Is Due For Windfall \It\u2019s hard to view this as anything but a substantial win for pharma.\
PTSD May Have A Physical, Not Just Psychological, Effect On The Brain New research with military members who suffered blast injuries indicates the possibility.
How Gardening Helps Mental Health By Jeanette Kingsley, RN In the enclosed courtyard behind the Admissions Building at McLean Hospital, where others see an
Heroin Crisis I flick on my lighter and move it back and forth under the cooker until the heroin bubbles. My heart races as I find a good
Toxic Algae Can Grow In Lakes And Ponds. Here's How To Protect Yourself The best thing you can do to protect yourself is to steer clear of it.
Drop In Opioid Prescriptions Great News For 2024 But Terrifying For The Crisis Today The CDC released news this week that opioid prescriptions have declined since 2010 \u2015 a welcome and positive step. It means
Mallinckrodt Settles U.S. Opioid Drug Probe For $35 Million Opioids, including prescription painkillers and heroin, killed more than 33,000 people in the United States in 2015.
Swedish Aid Agency To Halt Funds For Supporters Of U.S. Anti-Abortion 'Gag Rule' Funding for organizations that go along with Trump's executive order could be canceled or phased out.
When Surgeons Operate On 2 Patients At Once Hospitals decide whether to allow the practice and are primarily responsible for policing it.
How Even Moderate Exercise Can Improve Brain Health Exercise is one of the most effective and most easily available means of improving brain health, as Northeastern University
Tracking Brain Health And Improving Performance -- Lessons From Major League Soccer Insights from neuroscience and brain health are transforming medicine, psychology, and a range of other fields\u2014including
How To Be An Effective Listener When I started exploring my personal brand I realised that as an introvert I listen a lot. I\u2019ve found that during conversations
A Physician's Prognosis For The Senate Health Care Bill It's bad.
You Asked, 'R U OK?' But Can You Handle The Answer? If you\u2019ve been following my blogs and podcasts, you know I\u2019ve been concerned of late with all the attention directed at Netflix\u2019s
Over One Third Of U.S. Adults Have Advanced Medical Directives Everyone should have this conversation.
Meningitis Shot Also Offers Some Defense Against Gonorrhea Gonorrhea has become an increasingly urgent global health problem.
Tech Companies Wage War On Disease-Carrying Mosquitoes Smart traps could aid scientists who study mosquitos.
Rural Doctors Face Major Barriers Treating Opioid Use Disorder An alarming number of rural counties have no one to prescribe medication treatment for opioid addiction.
An Intruder Completely Wrecked My Sleep Habits Experts say insomnia is common after a major scare.
How To Be With Sadness Treat your own sadness and grief the same way you would treat others you love.
How To Narrate Your Life Story Good \u2013 by which is meant fair-minded and judicious \u2013 narrators know that lives can be meaningful even when they involve a lot of failure and humiliation.
16 Rights People Forget They Have 15. We have the right to feel good enough. No, you don't have to prove anything in this life. You are good enough, you deserve
Does Being Normal Matter? \u201cAm I normal?\u201d Robert, a 24-year old programmer, asked me a few months into our work together. \u201cWhat makes you ask that question
Why More States Are Getting Serious About Sunscreen Prompted by dermatologists, more states are allowing kids to bring sunscreen to school. But opponents worry about liability
Gucci Mane Focuses On Recovery To Find New Music Success I was inspired and amazed to read this incredible artist\u2019s story.
Most Medicaid Enrollees Are Happy With Coverage As It Is, Report Shows So much for the GOP's argument that the program is failing recipients.
Mouth-to-Mouth Can Revive Overdose Victims If Narcan Is Not Available Much has been written and spoken lately about Narcan as the primary way of reviving an opiate/opioid overdose victim. In
To Understand Sex Differences In Alzheimer\u2019s Disease, We Need To Understand Risk Factors Across The Lifespan By Elizabeth Mormino, PhD, Stanford University, SWHR Interdisciplinary Network on Alzheimer\u2019s Disease Member The long course
Just Be Happy (Words To Live By From The Dying) This article was originally published on Her View From Home As my mom lay dying of cancer, I asked her what she thought the
The Threat To America That No One Is Talking About Are we ready for the next pandemic?
Six Cold Soups for Hot Summer Days Adapted from Oleana chef Ana Sortun\u2019s cookbook, Spice
How To Change Yourself From The Inside Out Without one conversation with anybody every single area of my life has changed from me making the decision to learn to love
Why You Need More Emotional Intelligence Personality is the final piece of the puzzle. It\u2019s the stable \u201cstyle\u201d that defines each of us. Personality is the result
16 Ways to Create Your Own Happiness Let\u2019s face it, happiness and work do not tend to go hand in hand. A 2013 Gallup study, which reported data from more than
Shame Of Our Cities I have previously written that the United States is the worst place in the world to have a mental illness, while Trieste
Medical She-roes Health insurance. Obesity. Decoding the human genome. Cholesterol. Diet. We have so many medical concerns in the 21st century
What I've Learned From Counseling Couples Through Miscarriage It turns out, pregnancy loss might be the most common experience nobody knows about.
4 TEDx Tips For Defusing Stress With Mindful Mojo It\u2019s funny. You never really hear anyone say, \u201cI need my life to become more hectic!\u201d In these very turbulent times, people
Opioid Prescriptions Are Declining -- But Not Nearly Enough A new report shows we're nowhere near fixing this crisis.
You'll Never Guess Who Is Having The Most Extramarital Affairs Adultery can be both a cause and a consequence of a failing marriage.
Macklemore's New Music Video Has The Best Star Happy Birthday Grandma!
Researchers Identify Levels Of Gene That Could Play A Key Role In Depression \u201cThis study should lead to a continuing body of work that can really make genuine progress in understanding how depression works and maybe even in treating it.\u201d
Alec Baldwin\u2019s Latest Film Blasted For Treating \u2018Disability As A Costume\u2019 But the problem is bigger than this film.
The Problem With Perfectionism Perfectionism is only a problem because we have under-budgeted for difficulty, not because we are aiming high.
Rekindle Your Wonder With Creative Self-Care The good news is, it\u2019s never too late to harness your wonder and redirect it from Living Room Hot Lava to feeding your passion
Firearm Restrictions Not Enough To Prevent Suicides Half of all suicide deaths in the U.S. are due to firearms.
Crowded U.S. Emergency Depts Tied To Worse Heart Attack Survival For Blacks Ambulances have to bypass the nearest hospital if the ER is too crowded.
How To Pitch Healthy Living Write for us!
The Hope And Fear Of Waiting For IVF Results The story doesn't end with embryo implantation.
Dealing With Chronic Stomach Pain (With A Plane To Catch) This is my normal.
38 Of The Most Inspirational Leadership Quotes Ever No one can deny the power of a good quote. They motivate and inspire us to be our best. Here are 38 of my absolute favorites
4 Ways To Beat Your Bad Day When something goes wrong, it\u2019s tempting to write the whole day off as \u201cbad.\u201d But the ceiling of your day\u2019s potential lies
On Losing My First Friend Nothing that can quite prepare you for grief and its debilitating aftermath.
I Took All Those Beauty Supplements You See On Instagram Here's what happened and what I learned.
Deconstructing Stigma Editor\u2019s note
The Brains Of Psychopaths May Be Wired Differently Than Yours Or Mine A new study of criminal minds reveals a flaw in their decision-making.
How To Overcome Cognitive Bias And Use It To Your Advantage Most of us have some type of cognitive bias. If you aren\u2019t already familiar with cognitive bias, then it is important to
Brain-Infecting 'Rat Lungworm' Spreads In Florida In people, the parasite can infect the brain and cause meningitis.
The Ripple Effect of Medicaid, From My Life To Yours My life would not be what it is today had I not had access to Medicaid.
Why Is Measles Making An Unpleasant Comeback? As long as there are communities that have strong negative views about vaccines, there will be outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases.
15 Secrets Of Really Persuasive People Whether you\u2019re convincing your boss to fund your project or your preschooler to wipe his own hiney after using the bathroom
Study Says You Feel More Attractive When You Wear This Color Time to check your closet?
The Man Behind The Ice Bucket Challenge Is 'Still Alive,' Despite Death Reports Pete Frates, 32, just shared a video of himself listening to Pearl Jam.
In World First, MDMA Will Be Used To Treat Alcohol Addiction In Clinical Trial Earlier studies have shown the drug can be effective in treatments for PTSD and anxiety.
Celebrating My Independence From Drug Addiction Until I quit drinking and using drugs, I didn\u2019t know what liberty was.
Are You Emotionally Intelligent? Here\u2019s How To Know For Sure Emotional intelligence is the \u201csomething\u201d in each of us that is a bit intangible.
Brain-Eating Amoeba Found In Louisiana Tap Water; People Warned To Avoid Water In Nose Traces of Naegleria fowleri was found during routine testing in two water systems.
Activists With Disabilities Would Rather Go To Jail Than 'Die Without Medicaid' In Denver, Washington and other cities, activists with disabilities plead for votes against Medicaid cuts. For many, it's resist or die.
13 Habits Of Exceptionally Likable People Too many people succumb to the mistaken belief that being likable comes from natural, unteachable traits that belong only
Despite FDA Rule, Teens May Struggle To Get Morning-After-Pill Not all pharmacists are clear on who should get the morning-after-pill.
6 Reasons This Weekend Is The Best One Of The Year According to science, anyway.
How An HIV Outbreak Changed Trump's Surgeon General Nominee Indiana Health Commissioner Jerome Adams and then-Gov. Mike Pence wrestled with moral questions for months before approving a needle-exchange program.
Experts May Disagree On Skin Cancer Diagnoses Pathology is not an exact science.
Learn More About Zika If You're Traveling The\u00a0Zika infection in pregnant women can cause severe birth defects in their babies. So the U.S. Centers for Disease Control
Life, Liberty And The Pursuit Of Recovery? Let's Break The Cycle Of Incarceration And Addiction These people aren\u2019t criminals. They\u2019re people with substance use disorder.
Vaccination May Be Curbing ER Visits For Shingles Vaccination can cut shingles risk by more than half.
Science Explains Why Fake News Goes Viral We're battling a sheer overload of information on social media.
Affordable Care Act Linked To Fewer Cardiac Arrests In Oregon Incidence of the often-fatal heart condition fell 17 percent among middle-aged adults in Multnomah County, a study finds.
Your Health Care Information Is Insecure -- And Extremely Lucrative On The Black Market And there's very little you can do about it.
If The Future Of Health Care Is Crowdfunding, We're All In Trouble Good luck if you're not a marketing whiz with rich friends.
Saying Trumpcare Will Kill Americans Isn\u2019t Partisan. It\u2019s True. Trumpcare could kill at least 200,000 Americans over the next decade.
Your Unsolicited Health Advice Isn\u2019t Just Irritating. It\u2019s Damaging. Out of respect for disabled and chronically ill people everywhere, please stop.
5 Myths About Medicaid That I No Longer Believe Tomorrow morning, a social worker is coming to our house so we can formulate Ben\u2019s plan of care for the Children\u2019s Waiver
What You Need To Know About Zika Virus Jean K. Lim, PhD Assistant Professor of Microbiology Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Zika virus has made a worldwide
This Is How Infertility Leads To Relationship Conflict Couples totally aren't supposed to blame each other for infertility. And yet...
Maine Reports First Confirmed Case Of Measles In 20 Years The vaccine-preventable disease can cause serious complications, including pneumonia and death.
6 Beach Safety Tips Lifeguards Swear By Know your limits, know your surroundings -- and don't underestimate nature.
Mayo Investigator Is Developing A Screening Test For Endometrial Cancer This article is authored by the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine. The mission of the Center is to discover
Medicaid Is Not Just 'Those Other People's' Health Care. It's Yours, Too. If you are like Kellyanne Conway and do not use Medicaid for your personal health care needs, you are still benefiting from the program\u2019s incredible work.
Entering The Real World And Have No Idea Where To Begin? Start Here. The Real World is a mixture of contradictions. It\u2018s freedom from authority, but you\u2019re stuck at your cubicle. It\u2019s having
Here's Evidence Obamacare Saved People's Lives \She would be dead without it.\
Stripping Americans Of Health Insurance Could Be Deadly Health insurance saves lives.
Better Medical Care Could Cut Opioid Deaths By One-Third A new study shows what's wrong with cutting addiction treatment, like the Senate health care bill would do.
More Than Half Of Opioid Prescriptions Go To People With Mental Illness People with mood disorders receive 60 million prescriptions for painkillers a year.
Medicine And Metaphor I am an equal opportunity doubter.\u00a0I doubt the teachings of my own conventional medicine, knowing how readily we succumb
You Need To Give Up These Toxic Habits If You Want To Be Confident And Successful Confidence plays a huge role in your success\u200a \u2014 \u200aeliminating these bad habits will immediately boost your self-esteem.
The F*** You F*** Off Campaign To err is human, to forgive is divine. Maybe\u2026. But I think it should say
Trump's Forgotten Americans Americans with disabilities are a part of the \u201cForgotten Americans\u201d whom President Trump pledged to remember. On the campaign
Why I Am Worried About The Proposed Health Care Bill As the grandparent of a child with cystic fibrosis and two children with special needs, I fear the BCRA will make it very difficult for them to receive the care they need.
Here's What Happens To Breast Cancer Diagnoses When Medicaid Is Rolled Back A study of women in Tennessee offers a glimpse.
The 5 Most Common Misconceptions About PTSD June 27 is National PTSD Awareness Day, an opportunity to bring to light a disorder that affects millions of Americans every
For Kids Like Me, Cancer Is Hard Enough The Senate health care bill is designed to \u200amake cash-strapped families pay for situations beyond their control.
How the Affordable Care Act Gave Us Choices And Changed Our Lives The availability of health insurance outside of the traditional workplace is essential.
African Americans Who Suffer Discrimination May Have Worse Sleep \Women were particularly vulnerable to the effects of discrimination on sleep.\
The Truth About Florida's Substance Use Disorder Treatment Industry This is my first HuffPost article and I want to talk about the substance use disorder treatment industry, specifically in
Sleep Deprivation Is Killing You (And Making You Fat In The Process) The next time you tell yourself that you'll sleep when you're dead, realize that you're making a decision that can make that
A Clinic Mix-Up Leaves Pregnant Woman In Dark About Zika Risk A Washington state hospital failed to inform a pregnant woman that she was likely infected with Zika virus.
2 New Studies Differ Over Effects Of Marijuana On Drivers One found marijuana increased driving risks. The other didn't.
Everything You Need To Know About The GOP Senate Health Care Bill Read this before the Senate vote, which could be as early as next week.
When Words Kill A true crime story captured the attention of the nation last week. Michelle Carter was on trial for involuntary manslaughter
Ohio County Claims Top Spot In America\u2019s Opioid Death Spiral \u201cIf we stay on this pace, we could quadruple our deaths from last year.\
For Seniors, Senate Health Care Bill Is Even Worse Than The House Version And Trump thought the House bill was mean?
This Is Your Brain On Warm Weather The sunshine can totally influence your mood.
Health, Truth, And The Bell Curve I was privileged this past week to deliver commencement addresses for Bastyr University on their campuses in San Diego, and
7 Things I Would Tell My Younger Self Listen to your gut.
10 Reasons You Should Fire Your Psychotherapist More and more Americans, especially in California, New York, Chicago and other sophisticated areas, are seeing a psychotherapist
The Medical Emergency Of Otto Warmbier There are so many paths to explore to get to the bottom of what happened.
Drugmaker Mylan Gets Tax Boost From Refined Coal Refined coal has quietly generated hundreds of millions of dollars of tax credits for the company over the last six years.
U.S. Supreme Court Ruling Threatens Massive Talc Litigation Against J&J The battle continues.
The Most Important Vaccine-Preventable Cause Of Encephalitis In Asia-Pacific The case-fatality rate (proportion of people who die among all individuals diagnosed) can be as high as 30% among those with
How Not To Be Boring Fortunately, the gift of being interesting is neither exclusive nor reliant on exceptional talent; it requires only direction, honesty and focus.
You, On\u00a0Medicaid You\u2019d better pray Medicaid is not cut. There\u2019s a 75% chance you\u2019ll be depending on it if you need a nursing home. Three out
Chewing, And Choking, On False (Nutritional) Equivalence The lead story of the moment in Medpage Today positions the conclusions of a multidisciplinary panel of prominent nutrition
3 Ways To Fight FOMO by Elior Moskowitz Social media is a blessing and a curse. It\u2019s great for staying in touch with old friends, finding people
Study Finds Older Dads May Have 'Geekier' Sons \Men who delay fatherhood often do so precisely because they are successful themselves,\ according to researchers.
Unproven Treatments For 'Chronic Lyme Disease' Lead To Severe Infections Patients took prolonged courses of antibiotics for months or even years.
Social-Emotional Development In A Hyper-Competitive Age Last week at a dinner party, one of the guests, a mother of two successful high school and college students, sighed. \u201cI don\u2019t
It\u2019s Official Dog owners walked about 23 minutes longer each day than non-dog owners, 119 minutes versus 96 minutes on average.
Good Pay Is The Best Way To Honor Nursing Assistants Less than half of nursing assistants make what constitutes a living wage for their region.
Baltimore's Top Doctor \The science is clear that violence is a health issue, that violence is a public health issue,\ Dr. Leana Wen says.
California To Give Health Clinics $20 Million To Counter Possible Trump Cuts The grants will help clinics, including Planned Parenthood, to stay open.
Michelle Obama's Workout With Friends Is All The Fitness Inspiration You Need Can we get an invite to the next one?
What We Know About The Link Between Fever During Pregnancy And Autism New research provides intriguing clues about how inflammation affects pregnancy.
Hold Your Head High, Princess Leia. You Are So Much More Than An Autopsy Report. Carrie Fisher\u2019s life, not her death, speaks to her courage and love. Her death is a heartbreaking reminder that addiction still kills from remission.
Confronting Autism Early Is The Key To Effective Therapy Joseph D. Buxbaum, PhD Director, The Seaver Autism Center for Research and Treatment Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai
America's Dominance In The Scientific World Is Shrinking China has invested vast amounts of money in science over the past two decades.
Some Thoughts From A New Doctor In two days, I will walk into the hospital with a clean, ironed white coat, dress shoes tied and polished, a tie neatly knotted
Can We Stop Pretending Love Is Beautiful? As a fan of romance books and movies, I was bombarded by beautiful imagery of love from a young age. Suave men and stunning
The Real Harm In Multitasking New studies show that it kills your performance and may even damage your brain.
How Smart People Handle Toxic People You are in control of far more than you realize.
Six Toxic Beliefs That Will Ruin Your Career These ideas can place a huge blockade between you and your career ambitions.
Heroin Vaccine Could Turn Body's Defenses Against The Drug The vaccine is the first of its kind shown to be effective in monkeys.
Opioid Addiction Isn't The Disease; It\u2019s The Symptom The same issues leading to the opioid epidemic are what drives the tremendous cost and disease burden of our country at large.
3 (Kind Of) Easy Steps To Figure Out Your Passion Sometimes I feel like I totally get this whole adulthood thing. My room is clean and my fridge is stocked, and I even made
Heroin Addiction I was a breech birth \u2015 feet first, my head got stuck in the birth canal. My father brought me to Children\u2019s Hospital in Boston
Nourish Your Microbiota Eating a diverse, plant-rich diet helps fuel the growth of beneficial bacteria. Microbes \u2015 bacteria and other tiny critters
5 Things That Will Instantly Boost Your Mood Life is like a bag of tricks, you never really know what is waiting for you around the corner. Some periods of your life
Saturated Fat A stunningly good, extraordinarily comprehensive paper on the health effects of saturated fat in our diets has weighed them
FDA Delays Rolling Out New Nutrition Facts Label The agency did not say how much additional time companies would be given.
2 Cases Of Legionnaires' Disease In Newborns Linked To Water Births The babies developed bacterial lung infections days after they were born.
'Being A Person With Disability Is Challenging. Being A Woman With Disability Adds Extra Challenges.' The pain was unbearable. To make things worse, people started pitying me.
Why Do I Sweat So Much? For all of us who leave any workout completely drenched in sweat.
Do Not Dismiss My Grief Just Because Drugs Killed My Loved One Need help with substance abuse or mental health issues? In the U.S., call 800-662-HELP (4357) for the SAMHSA National Helpline
Making Yourself A Priority Isn't Selfish, It's Your Responsibility! In the 90s Oprah had a life coach on who said something that shocked her studio audience of suburban moms. She had asked
Two Ways Health Insurance Auto-Enrollment Might Work A new health policy idea with increasing bipartisan support in the U.S. Senate is auto-enrolling consumers in catastrophic
A Vote To Gut Medicaid Is A Vote Against Families Personal stories highlight the importance of Medicaid for individuals with disabilities and their families.
Medicaid Is Getting Killed. Here's What You Need to Know. Medicaid DOES NOT just serve those of us with disabilities!
How The Church Failed My Mother's Mental Health For most black folks, faith and liberation are a tandem. But every institution has its limitations.
What It's Really Like To Have A Miscarriage Pregnancy loss is common, but you wouldn't know it from the way society talks about it.
Top 5 Tips On Traveling With A Life-Threatening Food Allergy Traveling with a food allergy or other dietary restrictions can be a scary experience. It\u2019s even more scary when you have
Tyson Recalls More Than 2 Million Pounds Of Chicken Products Some of the tainted breaded chicken was supplied to schools.
Why We 'Freeze' In Uncomfortable Situations James Comey\u2019s experience shows that anyone can encounter a situation that stuns them into silence.
Sugary Drink Taxes Across The Country Are Planting Seeds For A Healthier Generation More than 2,000 Philadelphia children from low-income families are now able to attend pre-K centers, giving them the valuable
The Importance Of Recognizing Male Grief On Father\u2019s Day You\u2019d think that being married for years would prepare a couple for weathering any storm together, or at least give insight
A Popular Birth Control Has Been Recalled After A Packaging Error Mixed Up The Placebo Pills For Glamour, by Maggie Mallon. Thanks to a packaging error, women taking a popular birth control pill may have accidentally
The Shy Person\u2019s Guide To Dealing With An Aggressive Negotiator One way to keep aggression at bay is to have a goal or a plan in place before the negotiation even starts.
Tuna Steaks Recalled For Hepatitis A In 3 States Hep A symptoms include fever, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, dark urine and jaundice.
Some Physical Health Conditions Are Linked With Increased Suicide Risk New research offers a compelling case for primary care doctors to screen for suicide.
Rising Obesity Now Affects 1 In 10 People Worldwide, Fueling Illness, Death The U.S. has the world's highest rate of childhood obesity, according to a new study.
AI Predicts Autism Based On Infant Brain Scans \u201cIt was extremely accurate.\
How To Be Proactive About Treating Depression When you live with clinical depression, it can be difficult to know how to get out of the vicious cycle of apathy, listlessness
A Holistic Systems Approach To Mental Health On Campus With commencement season upon us, post-secondary graduates around the world are getting some wonderful advice before they
As Caregiver And Provider, Dad Faces An Uphill Battle Whether you look at their historic role as breadwinner or their emerging one as hands-on parent, fathers deserve more support
The Power Of Dads The latest research points to several areas where dads have an especially profound effect on their daughters\u2019 health and wellbeing.
Separation Of Services Is A Potential Death Sentence When Treating Addiction In medication-assisted treatment, the key is in the \assist.\
Fat Bottom Girl As Fannie she commanded the stage, she\u2019d hurl insults at customers in the clubs who were \u201coverjoyed\u201d with her \u201cfatness.\u201d She
Easy Time Hacks To Take Back Your Day Two years ago, I had the honor of being part of the Washington Post Time Hack Project. I was one of a handful of coaches
What Makes A Migraine 1000x Worse Than A Headache This is dedicated to anyone who has ever thought I was a baby because I can\u2019t handle a headache and anyone who has said
12 Habits Of Genuine People There\u2019s an enormous amount of research suggesting that emotional intelligence (EQ) is critical to your performance at work
Why I Quit Drinking \u201cMy mother was a drunk\u201d is one of the harshest, saddest sentences in any language. ~Anna Quindlen, Lots of Candles, Plenty
U.S. Asks Drug Maker Endo To Withdraw Opioid Amid Abuse Crisis Experts think drug\u2019s benefits do not outweigh its risks.
New Study Says Fear of Crime, Danger Drives American Handgun Ownership Handgun owners are more fearful of crime, even when it is unlikely.
CDC Reports First Official Zika Numbers From Puerto Rico 5 percent of pregnant women with confirmed Zika infections had babies with birth defects.
Scared Sh!tless FRANK
'Ask, Don\u2019t Tell' -- Pulse Victims And Supporting The Loved Ones Left Behind Everyone handles grief differently.
Can Optimism Boost Women\u2019s Lives? Women who are more optimistic have a better chance of living longer. A recent study\u00a0found they have a reduced risk of dying
Lawmakers Sponsor Measure To Curb Child Heatstroke Deaths New cars would alert drivers to check their back seats for passengers after they turn off their engines
Experts Don't Recommend Writing Comey-Style Memos About Your Boss Unless you really don't trust him or her.
Zelda Williams Gets Real About The Work It Takes To Manage Depression Hint
Childhood Brain Injury Tied To Adult Anxiety, Depression In a small study, kids with TBI were five times more likely to have an anxiety disorder than those without brain injuries.
Vape Flavor Ban Threatens San Francisco\u2019s Legacy of Harm Reduction By Damon L. Jacobs and Brian Fojtik San Francisco has proudly led the nation in successfully implementing harm reduction
The One Thing That Can Make or Break A Doctor\u2019s Practice In the not-so-distant past, a doctor\u2019s reputation and credibility spread by word of mouth. People asked friends and family
Climate Change Is Literally Making You Lose Sleep Sleep deprivation is miserable, but it's more than a mere inconvenience.
Even Moderate Drinking Linked To Changes In Brain Structure People who drank more than 30 alcohol units a week had the highest risk.
How To Tell If You're Too Sick To Get On A Flight Fasten your seat belts for this one.
When Our Tears Become Medicine The woman, physically just a shadow of who I\u2019m sure she used to be, looks up at me from her hospital bed and tells me about
Date Someone Who Doesn't Shame You For Going To Therapy Because you deserve to feel supported.
Are U.S. Workers Finally Taking More Vacation Time? Maybe, Maybe Not Taking time off from work is still a challenge in America\u2019s work culture.\u00a0\u00a0As it is\u00a0Employee Well-Being Month\u00a0and the beginning
Racing Against A Rare Disease One Ride At A Time Kyle Bryant was a kid who wanted the ball. He wanted in on the game and always wanted a chance to help his team win. Growing
When A Doctor Needs A Doctor's Note As physicians, we can lose objectivity when it comes to our own medical care.
Can A Drug That Fights Parasites Also Help With Autism? The preliminary results of a small study were encouraging.
REM Sleep Cells Linked To Brain Disorders \u201cFor some reason, the cells in the REM sleep area are the first to be sickened.\
How Leaving The Paris Accord Will Hurt Our Health We can't underestimate the link between climate change and our well-being.
The 4 Keys To Being Optimistic Now I want you to use your imagination for a moment. I want you to imagine that instead of a human being you are a glass. Yes
Health Care Bill Puts U.S. Job Growth In Jeopardy Throughout the past 60 years, the most reliable source of job growth in the United States has been health care. When other
Wearing The Autistic Badge Of Responsibility When I was in college, I looked into joining a sorority. I searched YouTube to learn more about the different sororities
The London Attacks; It's OK to Look Away Last night as Londoners enjoyed a warm evening, watched the Champions League, drank in the bars and restaurants which surround
The secret pricetag on your cola bottle The line at the convenience store is three people deep. Standing in front of me is a 40-something man with a bottle of cola
How Big Pharma Is Limiting Access To A Life-Saving Opioid Overdose Reversal Drug A legal battle rages on as the financial and human costs skyrocket.
Dads' Brains React Differently To Sons And Daughters Dads sing more to their daughters and roughhouse with their sons.
What Experts Say About Waiting To Cut Your Baby's Umbilical Cord Once the baby is out, the placenta is no longer needed.
Here's What Happened When I Tried Giving Up Headphones For A Month Key word here is \tried.\
A Traumatic Experience Can Reshape Your Microbiome By Susie Neilson I\u2019m not disputing the scientific soundness of the whole brain-gut connection, but it really does sound a
Flu Vaccine Protects A Pregnant Woman, Her Unborn Baby, And Her Newborn Baby Influenza is the leading cause of vaccine-preventable deaths in the United States. In children, the highest incidence of
Outrage Of The Month On May 4, in what would more appropriately be called the Outrage of the Decade, Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives
There Is A Big Difference Between Being Lonely Vs. Alone Before I had even been married for a year I was due with my first child. Yep, five weeks before my first wedding anniversary
Making Leave Affordable For many families, forgoing pay for up to 12 weeks, even in the midst of serious health needs, is highly unrealistic.
Building Authentic Connections Denise Millstine, MD, Cynthia Stonnington, MD \u201cOh, a mother\u2019s work is never done\u2026\u201d - Children\u2019s Song It\u2019s no secret
My Experience With Vicodin Taught Me That Any Of Us Could Be Tiger Woods Here\u2019s the thing about Vicodin
These Stunning Photos Capture The Loneliness Of Insomnia Wow.
My Patients Helped Make Me An Efficient Clinician And Counselor Memories are such funny things. I could be tucking in a child, seeing a patient, speaking to a friend and some small nuance
Kin By Mania Theirs is a family I\u2019m proud to be part of
The Secret To Becoming A Woman Leader In Medicine Involves Tattoos Back in medical school, I helped to organize a leadership retreat for women physicians-in-training. I had spent a tremendous
How To Replace Your Self-Doubt With Unshakeable Confidence A guide from Harvard Psychologist and TED Talk star Amy Cuddy. We\u2019ve all had those paralyzing moments where our palms are
Trump Budget Undercuts Fight Against Cancer We face a crisis that could put unbearable strains on our health care system.
America The Vulnerable May 31st is World No Tobacco Day (WNTD), the day we dream of a world where millions of people don\u2019t die needlessly from an
Common Traits Of Truly Happy (And Successful) People I\u2019ve been on a quest the past few months to uncover the similarities of some of the most successful people I know. What I
An Imperiled Indonesian Lizard May Hold The Key To Fighting Superbugs The animal has an unusual protein that could protect against complex infections.
New Map Tracks Germs' Travels Around Hospitals The study could improve our understanding of hospital-acquired infections.
WHO Says India Reports Cases Of Zika Virus \u201cThese findings suggest low level transmission of Zika virus and new cases may occur in the future.\
I Want To Live On A Commune Yes, you read that right\u2026 I want to live on a commune. I know that communes haven\u2019t had the best reputations over the years
Women Physicians, Discrimination, And Burnout In 2007, I gave birth to my first child, Benjamin. I wish I could remember more of his first days and months. When was his
Misremembering What Makes Us Fat Time's cover story on dieting misses the forest for the trees.
Tobacco Is A Deadly Threat To Global Development When I reflect on my tenure as Director-General of the World Health Organization, there are many areas where the agency played
Could You, Would You Save A Life? This CPR-AED Awareness Week, Vow To Know How *** CPR and AED Awareness Week begins Thursday. June 1-7 has carried this designation since 2008 under a Congressional resolution
We\u2019re Doing Something About Colorectal Cancer Disparities By Sanya A. Springfield, Ph.D. and Mar\u00eda Elena Mart\u00ednez, Ph.D. Screening for colorectal cancer is a true public health success
How I Broke The Cycle Of Domestic Violence In My Family All I wanted was for my parents to stop fighting and be happy, with or without each other.
10 Habits Of Highly Successful Foster Kids \u201cI firmly believe
This Is What Heat Stroke Does To Your Body If you're experiencing these symptoms, seek cooler temperatures ASAP.
Prince William Opens Up About Mourning His Mother, Princess Diana It's not like most people's grief, he says, because everyone knows the story.
Millennial Duck Syndrome While maintaining a cool outward appearance, many millennials experience grave concerns internally.
How To Stop Feeling Like A Fraud And Start Becoming Confident In Your Own Skin Break down your self-limiting beliefs by doing more and thinking less.
What A Dead Body Taught Me About Empathy When I pull down the zipper of the body bag, I can either focus on the death and loss, or the big-heartedness (figurative and literal) of the donor.
When You're Tapped Before Age 30 A version of this article was originally published on Forbes. Sign up for Caroline\u2019s newsletter to get her writing sent straight
8 Signs You're Being Lied To How many people have you spoken with today? Chances are that most of them lied to you\u2014and that they did it more than once.
9 Things Smart People Won't Do They consciously avoid these behaviors because they are tempting and easy to fall into if one isn\u2019t careful.
We Need To Talk About Adoptee Suicide As an adoptee activist, I engage with many international adoptees, and it has come to my attention that in the last month
German Kindergartens To Report Parents For Refusing Vaccine Advice Under New Law Vaccination rules are being tightened across Europe.
Muddled Guidance At Menopause By definition, a muddle is an untidy or disorganized collection.\u00a0The verb denotes propagating confusion by bringing some
How To Transform Your Self-Doubt Into Self-Belief In Seven Simple Steps How many times have you found yourself excited about achieving a goal only to give up before you have even started? How many
One Drink Per Day May Raise Your Breast Cancer Risk Women's body weight, height and physical activity levels were also risk factors.
Devastated By Future Policy Changes? You Could Have 'Pre-Traumatic Stress' The angst and despair before the storm.
What Worries Us About The New Health Care For Women Will substance-addicted mothers be priced out of affordable health care under the new policies?
What Are Five Steps Towards Finding A Way To Do Something In Your Life? Keep this in mind whenever you look at the things you want to do and accomplish in your life. In your life, the goals and
Yemen Cholera Caseload Leaps, Death Toll Rises 361 deaths were reported as of May 22.
Cigarette Filters May Increase Lung Cancer Risk Smokers develop the false belief that a lower tar cigarette is a healthier cigarette.
How Politics Is Changing Conversations Between Therapists And Patients Anxiety around this issue is a nonpartisan trend.
My Recent Firsthand Lesson By Rich Sloane UCF Forum columnist I\u2019ve had lots of minor scrapes and bumps in my 73 years, but nothing of consequence in
7 Steps To Round-The-Clock Energy by Janet Ungless Picture this
13 Reasons Why We Should Be Talking About Teen Suicide As a professional, I know that teen suicide is preventable.
An Appeal To Bill And Melinda Gates For Your Help In Raising Healthy Children Dear Bill and Melinda, The purpose of this letter is first to commend you for raising your own children with strong screen
Seniors Have A Lot To Lose If Trump's Medicaid Budget Passes The program picks up the tab for most nursing home residents.
The Type Of Oxy The Recovery Movement Needs More Of We know that the greatest way to break down stigma is by employing contact strategies. In other words, we know that mindsets
Why Saying No Is Sometimes The Best Gift When I first came to work in a township in South Africa I wanted to do everything - solve every problem and remove all the
How Men Can Help Women Take Control Of Their Health To start with, you need to start taking more responsibility for your own health care needs.
Money Matters While facilitating a career transition group recently, the discussion of finding our life\u2019s work surfaced. As the dialogue
If You Defend The U.S. Health Care System, Perhaps You\u2019re Too Stupid To Live Lack of critical thinking
Surge In Home Testing Sales Followed Charlie Sheen's HIV Disclosure \The \u2018Charlie Sheen effect\u2019 is astonishing.\
Your Lack Of Sleep Is Not Helping You Make Any Friends Get those Zs.
Making A Healthy Nation Our Business Shortly after taking office, President Donald Trump set out to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and said
There\u2019s One Thing You Can\u2019t Forget As You Embrace Change Everyone knows that change can be hard, whether it hurts you or is for the benefit of all involved. Change happens everywhere
Sequel I\u2019ve never heard my dad complain. His outer shell is hard, but his inner heart is resilient. When someone \u2013 I mean anyone
WHO Suspects A Fourth Person Died Of Ebola In Congo Aid workers are having trouble accessing the remote region in the country's north.
This Is What Happens To Your Brain When You Fail (And How To Fix It) A version of this article was originally published on Forbes. Sign up for Caroline\u2019s newsletter to get her writing sent straight
3 Misconceptions Of Self-Care It's selfish.
Thoughts On Depression The passing of Chris Cornell sparked stunned sadness in many people, in no small part because his lyrics, music, and signature
If You've Ever Been Told You're Too Sensitive... I remember as a kid, somebody asking me what I would change about myself if I could change anything. My answer came quickly
5 Choices You Will Regret Forever Our days are filled with a constant stream of decisions. Most are mundane, but some are so important that they can haunt
5 Tips On Learning To Carry Your Grief Grief demands that our emotions and heartache be adequately attended to.
10 Ways Smart People Stay Calm You can preempt much of your stress with these vital practices.
Flat Soda Never happy leaving people alone, the busybullies are at it again, using the power of government to change people\u2019s behavior
Yemen Cholera Cases Could Hit 300,000 Within Six Months So far, 242 people have died.
To Stay Afloat, Rural Tennessee Hospital Turns To GoFundMe About 100 U.S. hospitals have closed since 2010.
We Know Zika Is A Big Problem In Puerto Rico. We Just Don't Know How Big. The numbers don't add up.
20 Habits Of Extremely Happy People Popular fiction would have use believe happiness is a reward we get for achieving our goals in life. That it\u2019s a light at
The Fidget Spinner Explains The World Fidget spinners are the perfect material metaphor for everyday life in early 2017, for good and for ill.
Danielle LaPorte\u2019s White Hot Truth Soothes Self-Help Fatigue Has your self-help turned into self-criticism? The self-help struggle is real. Collectively we search for the truth, our
Tackling Ebola Outbreak In Remote Congo Presents Huge Challenge The area has no telecommunications, road access or large-scale electrification.
To Stop Police Shootings, We Need To Move Beyond 'Bad Cops' A new study suggests state gun laws are a factor in police shootings.
3D-Printed 'Eyes' Could Help Blind Children's Faces Grow Naturally 3D-printed eye conformers can be replaced as the child grows.
How I Afford Both Avocado Toast And My House I am both skilled and privileged. Acknowledging one doesn't dispel the other.
Your Favorite Chocolate Bars Are About to Get Smaller. Here\u2019s Why. The changes, to be completed by 2022, are all part of an effort to tackle the high rates of obesity in the U.S.
Looking Back At My First Psychotic Break Roughly twenty years ago, in March 1997, I had no job, no girlfriend, no friends and no more goals. I had just finished a
Pandemic Alert Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Keck, Coll\u00e8ge de France The fourth article in our series, Globalisation Under Pressure considers the different ways
How 450-Million-Year-Old Bacteria Evolved Into A Dangerous Superbug Infection with Enterococcus bacteria is one of the top causes of hospital-acquired infections.
Most U.S. Troops Kicked Out For Misconduct Had Mental Illness The new report will likely add to scrutiny over whether the military is doing enough to care for troops with mental health issues
More Than Half Of World's Deaths Still Have No Recorded Cause \If countries don't know what makes people get sick and die, it's a lot harder to know what to do about it.\
4 Facts About The State Of Black Health K\u00e1ra McCullough Might Consider Miss USA initially created controversy with her answer that health care is a privilege rather than a right.
Right-Wing Website Blames Minnesota Measles Outbreak On Muslims WND again failed to acknowledge that its anti-vaxxer friends had been heavily lobbying the Somali community.
Segregated Neighborhoods May Influence Blood Pressure \u201cBlacks are more likely to live in areas with fewer opportunities to engage in healthy behaviors and greater barriers to optimal health.\u201d
Will Global Warming Influence Women's Risk For Pregnancy Diabetes? While the average woman shouldn't worry, it's concerning from a population health perspective.
Can A 'Poop Transplant' Change Your Weight? \It is highly unlikely that one would gain or lose weight following a single fecal transplant, regardless of their stool donor\u2019s BMI.\
My Therapist Is Breaking Up With Me He\u2019s been the best therapist I\u2019ve ever had, and I\u2019ve had a lot of therapists. Seven to be exact.
Why Netflix's '13 Reasons Why' Could Save Lives Last month, I (and the other parents at our children\u2019s school) received an email from the headmaster informing us that many
If '13 Reasons Why' Scared You As A Parent, Here's Some Help To Keep Your Teens Talking To You I hadn\u2019t planned on watching the Netflix series \u201c13 Reasons Why\u201d about a teenage girl who kills herself and leaves behind
11 Ways To Turn Up A Down Day Logy, low, and listless, at home with the flu, I thought about ways to brighten my day. I realized, that though my drapes
Americans Claim Gluten Sensitivity More Than Others Many Americans avoid gluten for a different reason than people in other countries.
Cholera Death Toll In Yemen Reaches At Least 180 Health officials declared a state of emergency in Yemen's capital.
Health Officials Discuss Sending Experimental Ebola Vaccine To Congo There are 300,000 doses stockpiled for an outbreak.
This 'Fat-Shaming' Meal Planner Company Sends Harmful Mixed Messages What is happening?
Predisposed And Unaware Fibroids are common in all women, but research suggests that African American women are significantly more likely to develop uterine fibroids.
5 Ways To Reduce Anxiety Using The Power Of Your Mind Everyone feels anxious from time to time, but prolonged anxiety or heightened states of anxiousness can be extremely debilitating
Introverts And Extroverts Can Be Ideal Teammates -- Moving Beyond Perceptions By
The 'Accidental President' And The Heroin Epidemic Mr. Trump, who is going to pay for all these non-violent new criminals? You couldn\u2019t even get Mexico to pay for your wall.
Therapy Ends; Now What? Therapy did not cure me, but it did give me what I needed to cope with this miserable illness.
My Exciting New Gig After I graduated college, and for the next twenty years, I worked as a television news producer in New York. Never would
Lori\u2019s Stroke Required Help From Doctors An Hour Away. Telemedicine Provided It. Lori Hoopingarner savored her occasional weekend getaway. Between running her financial advising company, raising a 10-year
African American Women Don\u2019t Need A Break, We Need Strong Bones Facing particular disadvantages, here are a few things African American women can do to avoid osteoporosis.
Self-Care Parenting is hard work, and without consistent self-care parents can easily and quickly burn out. \u00a0That is why this Mother\u2019s
Recognizing Childfree Families On International Family Day We need to recognize all types of families.
WHO Confirms Second Ebola Case In Congo The first case in the outbreak in a remote area of Congo was announced on Friday.
Sorry, Mom. I Will Not Take My Organs With Me. As a devout Muslim growing up in the Middle East, she totally opposed the concept of organ donation.
Pneumococcal Disease And Vaccines Diseases caused by Streptococcus pneumonia include pneumonia, meningitis (swelling of the membranes covering the brain and
The Times Piece About Open Marriages Doesn't Represent My Experience My wife and I were interviewed for the article but our experience wasn't represented.
5 Science-Backed Ways To Have A Happier Morning Even if you are not a morning person.
10 Toxic People You Should Avoid Like The Plague Quit trying to beat them at their own game.
Finding Your Purpose We are like tiny droplets in an infinite ocean with no concern for whatever exists beyond what our minds can comprehend. This
Look Up This is just a friendly reminder to look up. It\u2019s a little hint that Things are happening out in the world. That cars are
The Smell Of My Mother's House A mixture of perfume and stale cigarette smoke hung in the air. Breakfast dishes lay jumbled in the sink atop several night\u2019s
Sleep, Pregnancy, And Your Future Health Doctors are looking for ways to prevent heart disease in women who experience pregnancy complications.
Mother\u2019s Day Mother\u2019s Day usually brings smiles to our faces. Handmade greeting cards. Flowers. Family picnics. Yet sooner or later, many
How Not Drinking Exaggerated My Anxiety Not drinking, man. It really messed with my energy flow. Sometimes I enjoy a nice, cold beer. Other times a martini or a
Is There A Difference Between The Sexes When It Comes To Fitness? There\u2019s a blatant sexism in the fitness industry. One only has to look at fitness stock photos too see this blatant double
With '13 Reasons Why Not,' High Schoolers Honor Friends Who Saved Them A group of kids from Oxford High School in Michigan have created their own version of the controversial Netflix show, \u201c13
Forgiving Is The Strongest Thing You Can Ever Do Has someone ever done something so hurtful to you that you felt vengeful? Have you ever held a grudge? I\u2019m sure you know
Can Psychedelic Drugs Treat Mental Illness? Scientists Need Your Help To Find Out. A new crowdfunding campaign seeks to raise $2 million to advance promising research that the government has largely neglected.
California Could Lead On Dyes In the early 1970s, a California physician made a startling discovery. Allergist Benjamin Feingold found that removing certain
Effects Of PTSD On My Family And Friends One of the reasons I write and share is because my PTSD symptoms have a pretty good choke-hold on me, and I want to bring
What Mother's Day Feels Like During Infertility There are ways you can soften these blows.
Instagram's New Mental Health Campaign Is Just What Our Phones Need We'll definitely give a \heart\ for this.
You Don\u2019t Have To Try To 'Get Your Body Back' It never left.
Could Zika Become The Next HIV? This article was originally published by Child Trends on November 29, 2016. No doubt you\u2019ve heard plenty about the Zika virus
Kill 'Em With Kindness It\u2019s impossible for everyone to agree on the same thing or be on the same page. We live in a world where love and basic human
Let's Stop Prioritizing Ourselves Last! I\u2019m busy busy busy. No time to relax! What are you talking about! I have work to do! Don\u2019t you know I\u2019m an A type. I\u2019m a
In Mental Health Awareness Week, We Need More Than Mental Health 'First Aid' I fear we are caught up in a \u201ctea and sympathy\u201d culture, which ignores reality.
Bad Days Happen Sometimes you might see it coming. You\u2019ve got things to do that you simply don\u2019t want to do. You know you have to, so you
To The Members Of Congress Who Voted To Deny Health Care For My Grandkids They did this not because most of them believed in their hearts it was a good bill but because they put politics before people.
The Foam Roll In 2016, nearly 31 million Americans suffered from back pain. A number that large can certainly make you wonder why so
4 Ways Caffeine Keeps You From Realizing Your Potential Today's tip for improving your performance is one of the most simple and straightforward methods I\u2019ve provided thus far. For
Personal Growth We human beings are very complex. In spite of many attempts otherwise, how we think and feel seldom follows a completely
6 Proven Strategies To Rebound From Failure Long before Arianna Huffington launched Huffington Post, 36 publishers rejected her second book. Before Walt Disney built
5 Ways To Be More Mindful, Well-Rested And Productive At Work Work harder, work faster, work, work, work! If you\u2019re feeling exhausted and overworked, you\u2019re not alone. According to a
What You Need To Know About Online CPR And BLS Certification It may take five or more minutes before an emergency department in Los Angeles gets to the scene of a fresh incident. It
Cultivating A Beard Is A Lifestyle Choice Though my beard enthusiasm wavered, I am now resolute in my support.
Are You A Leader Or A Follower? Leadership is the art of persuasion\u2014the act of motivating people to do more than they ever thought possible in pursuit of
Why We Are A Foster Parent Family \u201cLet me talk about this with my wife, and I will call you back,\u201d I said to the case worker, before saying goodbye to her
This Is The Face Of A Mental Health Patient It\u2019s scary how little compassion and understanding there is for those facing these battles.
How Smart People Work Less And Get More Done Some people have an uncanny ability to get things done. They keep their nights and weekends sacred and still get more done
15 Signs That You Are Emotionally Intelligent Unlike your IQ, your EQ is highly malleable.
More Than 5,600 Pounds Of Beef, Pork And Veal Recalled For E. Coli The meat was sold in six U.S. states.
How The GOP's Health Plan Shifts The Burden To Family Caregivers You can pretty much expect to take care of your elderly relatives at home and probably go broke in the process.
New Canada Law Gives Legal Immunity To People Who Report Drug Overdoses \u201cDuring an overdose, a call to 911 can often be the difference between life and death,\u201d the Canadian minister of health said.
What I Learned From My Splenectomy This isn\u2019t actually going to be a post about health per se, as I have a TON of those type of postings to come later. This
Prince Philip's Retirement Shocker Isn't All That Shocking Consider what it's like to be 95.
This Man Turned His Cringe-Worthy Sunburn Into A Funny PSA \Shout out to the white line at the top of my face, you\u2019re the real MVP.\u201d
5 Causes Of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome The wrist contains a narrow structure called the carpal tunnel. In this tunnel is the median nerve that controls feeling
Scoliosis Scoliosis involves a curvature in the spine that usually appears during the teen years, although it can also development
Epigenetics Nowadays, a lot of people are talking about genetics and what finding out about our genes can mean for us. How can it impact
Living In The Moment Many of us are so obsessed with knowing \u2013 knowing who we are, where we are going, who we will end up with, what we are meant
You'll Never Unlearn How Much Bacteria Lives On Gym Equipment Ewww.
Postpartum Moms And Why Our Society Needs To Do More to Support Them May 3 is maternal mental health day, a day that raises awareness all of the mental health issues, struggles and changes that
Skip The Gym Today? You May Be Healthier For It If you need us, we\u2019ll be basking in the glory of our recovery day.
13 Reasons Why Parents Should Watch The Netflix Series And Teens Should Skip It The series, marketed largely to a young adult audience, has left the mental health community with serious concerns.
To The Woman Who Said She Wouldn\u2019t Date Me Because I\u2019m On The Autism Spectrum You seemed really genuine and sweet. But then things changed.
The 1st 100 Days Do Matter - How To Make The Most Of Yours We\u2019ve heard a lot about the First One Hundred Days milestone over the past week. What has he accomplished? What has he not
Take The Glamour Out Of Suicide The number of girls 10 to 14 years old who died by suicide tripled from 1999 to 2014.
Malaria Is On The Rise Among American Travelers The disease has an impact on U.S. citizens.
Criminalizing HIV Transmission Doesn't Cut Down On New Diagnoses Penalizing people who don't disclose their status is bad policy, a new study finds.
Even Female Doctors Struggle For Equal Pay Same degree. Same long hours. Worse salary.
Deportation Fears Are Putting A Damper On Diverse Medical Research But one organization is dedicated to keeping Latinos in the clinic.
We Need To Treat Gun Violence Like A Public Health Problem Gun violence spreads much like a disease epidemic.
F.A.S.T. Thinking Helped Lane Save His Mom A second wave of publicity followed when he received a thank-you note from my organization. A third wave is likely to follow
10 Mistakes Smart People Never Make Twice Emotionally intelligent people embrace mistakes for what they are\u2014great opportunities to learn.
UCLA Professor Identifies Connection Between Social And Physical Pain Physical and emotional pain are rigid and seemingly opposite categories of human experiences, but their actual physical impact
Prominent Neuroscientist Documents Cognitive Benefits Of Exercise At All Ages Consistent exercise can have a significant impact on cognitive health, Northeastern University neuroscientist Arthur Kramer
Best-Selling Author Shares Secrets To Living Longer The Blue Zone Way Dan Buettner has spent the last several years trying \u201cto reverse-engineer longevity,\u201d he said in a keynote address at the
10 Tweaks To Your Morning Routine That Will Transform Your Entire Day No screen time until breakfast. Seriously.
I Tracked My Sleep For A Month And All It Did Was Stress Me Out For anxious high-achievers, adding one more metric is something to lose sleep over.
What Charlotte Rae's Cancer Plan Reveals About Medical Decisions Late In Life At 91, it's less about how to treat cancer and more about whether you should.
13 Comics About Life In Your Late 20s That Tell It Like It Is This adulting thing is hard.
Cuts Threaten Research For Terrible Disease Once Called Chronic Fatigue Syndrome When you are sick, very sick, you wait for medicine to work its magic. But if the disease is Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME
Jay Dickey's Complicated Legacy Is A Lesson For Politicians And Scientists Alike The author of the infamous amendment limiting federal funding for gun violence research died April 20.
It's Time To Admit That 'Diet' Food Is Bogus Guys, we need to have a talk.
A Thank You Letter To Bren\u00e9 Brown I begged my mom to hand the following letter to Bren\u00e9 Brown at a conference she attended last month in Washington, D.C. Before
The Hidden Biological Costs Of Inequality By Daniel P. Keating The central story line for Born Anxious starts with stress methylation\u200a\u2014\u200aan \u201cepigenetic modification
Where My Inspiration Comes From A forewarning
JD Vance JD Vance emerged as one of the most important new voices on the American scene last year, as the Ohio-born Yale Law School
Global Summit Takes Aim At The Ultimate Mystery Recent decades have seen previously unimaginable health gains become a reality. But while diseases that were once considered
Why \u201813 Reasons Why\u2019 Shouldn\u2019t Be Your Teen\u2019s Binge The show communicates to teens that if you are lost and not heard, your story will be heard after you\u2019ve left this world.
How Air Pollution Gets Into The Bloodstream And Damages The Heart \u201cThere is no doubt that air pollution is a killer, and this study brings us a step closer to solving the mystery of how air pollution damages our cardiovascular health.\
Aaron Hernandez's Brain Will Be Studied For CTE CTE is thought to be caused by repeated blows to the head that damage brain tissue.
Every Diet On The Market Is Basically Trying To Sell You These Three Pieces Of Information About Food When it comes down to it, most of the diet plans and weight loss programs out there are all selling you the same thing
Feeling Wealthy? How Your Tax Refund (Or Payment) Is Influencing You My colleagues and I have found that simply feeling financially deprived (or financially flush) predicts people\u2019s feelings and choices.
Why Some Young People Combine Smoking And Drinking A new study's findings could have implications for helping people quit smoking.
National Infertility Awareness Week This year\u2019s NIAW theme is \u201cListen Up,\u201d and it\u2019s important to those who are coping with infertility. We can all probably do
Emerging From The Shadows Of Trauma Over the weekend, someone asked me if I was happier now\u00a0than I was eight years ago when my PTSD took over my life. I was
The Malaria Misstep In many ways, I am lucky to be alive. Growing up in Nigeria, I suffered several bouts of malaria when I was young, with intense
8 Ways To Love Your Life Each new day equals a new chance to refine your goals, walk in purpose, enjoy yourself and be a light. Here are some life
State Legislators In Colorado Join Trump In Proposing To Push People Off State Health Insurance In a major change since last year, state Republicans are now proposing specific cuts to Medicaid, Colorado\u2019s health care
How To Help Your Child Build Resilience After The Death Of A Parent Perhaps, you saw last week, Prince Harry along with Prince William and his wife Catherine announced their support of mental
Most Americans Support Restrictions On Where Firearms Can Be Carried Very few Americans want guns to be allowed in all public places.
I Am Not Ashamed I thought if I just kept trying it would get better. It didn't.
5 STI Myths That Just Won't Die 1. If you had one, you would know.
No, You Don't Need To Be Trying For A 'Super Orgasm' For Allure, by Hayley MacMillen. Whether or not you\u2019ve achieved multiple orgasms in a single sex session (alone or partnered
3 Secrets To Long-Term Happiness In A Short-Term World It\u2019s 11 p.m.\u00a0on a Wednesday night. The caffeine from my Starbucks iced coffee is keeping me alert. But, right now, I\u2019m more
12 Things I've Learned Living 12 Years With Cancer I was diagnosed with cancer 12 years ago today. And I still remember that day with vivid technicolor. It was a weekend and
Revised ACA Repeal-And-Replace Bill Likely To Increase The Uninsured Rate And Health Insurance Costs For Many Co-written with Sara Collins News outlets report that House Republicans are close to agreeing on an amended version of the
Golf Balls In Hash Browns Prompt Food Recall \Extraneous golf ball materials\ don't belong in your breakfast.
The Desire For Death In Palliative Care Patients With Cancer Cancer is on the increase and people are living better lives for longer with the diagnosis. In the USA over 50% of cancer
You Can't Slow Your Biological Clock, But Here's How To Maximize Your Future Fertility Now Women who want to be in control of their lives need to recognize an important truth
The 38 Most Inspiring Quotes I Know Words of wisdom to keep you pushing forward.
How Smart People Handle Toxic People Toxic people defy logic. Some are blissfully unaware of the negative impact that they have on those around them, and others
Meningitis Dr. Melvin Sanicas, vaccinologist and public health physician is a regional medical expert at Sanofi Pasteur, a consultant
Poor Sleep Hygiene Is Killing You And Your Career The next time you tell yourself that you'll sleep when you're dead, realize that you're making a decision that can make that
The Royals Make A Perfect Observation About Mental Health Conversation is everything.
Uninsured Americans Are Just 1 Traumatic Injury Away From Financial Ruin One unforeseen major injury could potentially cost well over half of someone\u2019s annual income.
Links Between Healthy Diet And Preventing Cancer Recurrence After kicking cancer, you might worry it will return. That\u2019s understandable. Cancer survivors are at significantly higher
Lead Poisons Children In L.A. Neighborhoods Rich And Poor Despite decades of U.S. progress, millions of children remain at risk for lead poisoning.
Stress Might Make You A More Empathetic Person While it might be uncomfortable, it could also be a force for good.
Lead-Contaminated Drinking Water Goes Far Beyond Flint More than a year after lead-contaminated drinking water prompted a state of emergency in\u00a0Flint, Michigan, Americans across
Sport-Related Concussions More Common In High School Girls In baseball and softball, girls\u2019 concussion rate was four times that of boys.
What An Autism-Friendly World Would Look Like Raising a child with autism is at the same time my greatest source of stress, and my greatest source of joy. Of course there
Opioid Use Common Even After Minor Surgery \Chronic opioid use after surgery may be one of the most common complications after surgery.\
Trump Shouldn't Mess With The Clean Air Act, American Lung Association Warns Nearly 4 in 10 Americans live in areas with dangerous levels of pollution, according to the ALA's \State of the Air\ report.
Women's Periods Don't Really Sync Up When They Live Together Any overlap with your roommate is just a coincidence.
Running For My Life For the last 30 years, I\u2019ve been running \u2013 everywhere. I\u2019ve run up and down Syracuse University campus, through muggy Michigan
Primary Care Is In Crisis. Here\u2019s One Way To Fix It. Every fall, medical students in their final year of study pick a specialty. I\u2019m a professor at a medical school, and these
Black U.S. Babies Still More Likely To Die Than White Infants \I\u2019d like to see racial equality in infant survival in my lifetime.\
12 Comics To Remind You That You're A Flawed But Amazing Human Being For when you feel a little less sure of yourself than usual.
10 Really Powerful And Amazing Things Cancer Taught Me I have looked death in the face on more than one occasion. Yet no other challenge was as life- and mind-altering as being
Skin And Sun It\u2019s not just about preventing a pesky sunburn.
The Journey Of Self-Discovery I was speaking with a good friend the other day. She has been going through immense change and self-discovery the past few
Pizza? Cupcakes? Schools Emphasizing Healthier Ways To Reward Students There\u2019s a gimmick used in classrooms and school clubs across the country, a lure that\u2019s so popular because it\u2019s so successful
Prince Harry Reveals How Counseling Helped Him Cope With Diana's Death Seeking help after two years of \total chaos\ has brought him to a \good place,\ he says in candid interview.
I Am The Girl With The Prozac Past Let\u2019s just say I\u2019m cautiously optimistic, at least today.
7 Ways To Lead A More Confident Life It is never too late to go after your dreams and do all the things you want to do.
Skyping In The Hood Three years ago, one of my patients asked, \u201cDoc, why can\u2019t we talk on the computer?\u201d The question caught me off guard. In
Why You Need Emotional Intelligence Emotional intelligence is the \u201csomething\u201d in each of us that is a bit intangible.
Traveling With PTSD I love the ocean. The sound of it feeds my soul and grounds me. I can sit and watch the ocean for hours. It touches something
A Lesson On Joy In the movie adaptation of my life, the climactic scene would go like this
Golden Gate Bridge Finally Getting A Suicide Barrier A giant net will deter \u2014 or catch \u2014 people who plan to jump.
Learning To Live With Ulcerative Colitis When I first wrote about living with ulcerative colitis (UC), I was very optimistic, as I typically am. I had just been released
11 Habits Of Mentally Strong People Mental strength is a choice and a discipline, not an innate quality bestowed upon the lucky.
Yellow Fever Has Become A Looming Threat For Brazilian City-Dwellers Half a century without a major outbreak may have lulled the country into a false sense of security.
Which Surgery Patients Don't Stop Taking Opioids When They Should? People were more likely to continue to use painkillers if they smoked, drank alcohol, had certain mood disorders or had chronic pain.
Las Vegas First In Nation To Offer Clean Needles In Vending Machines Health officials aim to make access to clean syringes as easy as possible.
Examining The Opioid Crisis By Jackson Grigsby, Harvard College Class of 2020 \u201cThis is the least excusable disease in America, because it is self-inflicted
These Fake Beauty Ads Have A Secret Mental Health Meaning *watches them on repeat*
'Riverdale' Star Lili Reinhart Has The Best Outlook On Mental Health \Your feelings are validated by the fact that you\u2019re feeling them.\
More U.S. Hospitals Pushing Patients To Pay Before Care U.S. hospitals had nearly $36 billion in uncompensated care costs in 2015,
As People Age, The Factors That Drive Depression May Shift In addition to genetics and personality, stressful life events, health issues and money problems can contribute to depression.
I\u2019m Young And Healthy Youth and health won\u2019t make you invincible.
Connecticut Considers A Soda Tax The State of Connecticut is currently considering an excise tax on sugar-sweetened beverages.\u00a0I have now testified twice
The \u2018Stealth Move\u2019 That Improved Michigan's Vaccine Rates One simple requirement sidestepped ideological opposition and got parents on board.
Maryland Lawmakers Approve Bill To Fight Drug Price-Gouging The first-in-the-nation measure lets the state attorney general sue generic drug makers that sharply raise prices.
FDA Warns Mylan Over Quality Concerns At India Facility Violations included a failure to \u201cthoroughly investigate\u201d unexplained discrepancies in drug batches and \u201cmissing, deleted, and lost data.\
Smithfield Makes Move On Market For Pig-Human Transplants Pigs have long been a tantalizing source of transplants because their organs are so similar to humans.
Men's Looks Matter More Than Women Admit, Study Shows Physical attractiveness appears to act as a gatekeeper for potential mates.
I\u2019m 33, But My Autoimmune Disease Makes My Body Feel Like I\u2019m 70 'All this has made me wonder
The Things They Don't Tell You About Grief Friendships, and even some family relations, are not immune to grief.
Texas Expands Zika Recommendations Ahead Of 2017 Mosquito Season \Zika remains a significant health risk to pregnant women and their babies.\
Ex-New York Assemblyman, Doctors Charged In Illegal Opioid Prescription Scheme Defendants allegedly pressured patients to undergo unnecessary medical tests and procedures, then billed Medicare and Medicaid for millions of dollars.
Brains of 'SuperAgers' Shrink More Slowly \u201cSuperAgers tend to be a socially active and engaged group.\
More Than Two In Five American Adults Carry HPV HPV is so common that nearly all sexually active men and women get it at some point in their lives.
Getting Screened Screening saves lives in the African-American community. That\u2019s my urgent message this April, as we kick off National Minority
Are You Bullying Yourself? A therapist\u2019s tips for practicing self-compassion.
5 Things To Say Or Do For The Bereaved Chances are you know someone who bereaved, and while your heart may be in the right place, you might be at a loss for words
When Heroin Almost Took My Life, My Phone Saved It My journey to facing addiction out loud.
Misconceptions Of A Socially Anxious Person Following in the theme of my previous post, I thought I\u2019d debunk some ideas that people have when it comes to those who suffer
Mental Health In The Workplace And Your Company's Bottom Line Availability of mental health and stress management resources The earlier treatment occurs in the problem, according to Saltz
Dealing With The Social Anxiety Struggle Have you ever felt like a shadow walking amongst the masses? I have. And if I\u2019m being completely honest, those are the times
Designer Reinvents The Crutch After 150 Years For A Better User Experience Recently, with help from Doctor of Physical Therapy Lauren Jarmusz, I interviewed Max Younger, Co-Founder of Mobility Designed
Cancer Taught Me To Live Like I'm Dying Moments to cherish are everywhere.
One Meal Fits All This is a quick and easy riff on\u00a0spinach and ricotta cannelloni \u2014 and it\u2019s a great way to sneak in some greens. You can get
10 Fundamental Truths That Will Change Your Life Many of life\u2019s essential truths need repeating.
FDA Allows 23andMe To Sell Genetic Tests For Disease Risk The tests will be able to assess a person's predisposition to develop Alzheimer's and 9 other diseases.
Are You A Night Owl? It May Be A Gene Mutation This is the first genetic mutation found to be associated with delayed sleep phase disorder.
Psychiatrists Call For Special Clinics To Prescribe Ketamine As Anti-Depressant There's an urgent need for ethical and innovative action to prescribe the drug under controlled conditions, experts say.
9 Things You Inevitably Do When You Get Your Period Bye, cute underwear. Hello, period undies.
Drugmaker Recalls Nearly 600,000 Asthma Inhalers A defect may cause the inhalers to deliver fewer doses of medicine than indicated.
Addressing America\u2019s Fentanyl Crisis Many people addicted to opioids as well as other drugs like cocaine are accidentally being poisoned by fentanyl-laced products.
To Be, Or Not To Be, Fatter? Of Science, Sense, And Squirrels Science is, principally, all about methods for generating good and reliable answers.\u00a0Sense, however, is required to ask good
How Time Zones May Affect Cancer Risk Disruptions of the biological clock has been linked to the development of certain cancers.
Anorexia For An Asian American Originally published on the National Eating Disorders Association blog. I was 11 years old when I started struggling with
Online Therapy Necessary To Address Growing Mental Health Burden As of now, the global mental health system is only serving around 10 percent of patients.
The Vast Majority Of Kids Who Die Of The Flu Aren't Vaccinated \u201cWe could prevent more flu-related deaths by vaccinating more of our children and teenagers,\u201d says a CDC investigator.
Mylan Hit With New Class Action Lawsuit Over EpiPen Pricing The company came under fire last year after prices for its allergy devices shot up.
This Common Antibiotic Could Treat Or Prevent PTSD, Scientists Say Taking the antibiotic doxycycline resulted in a 60 percent lower fear response, a new study finds.
Mylan EpiPen Device Recall To Expand In U.S. And Abroad Last week, around 81,000 EpiPen devices were recalled in foreign countries.
Scientists Start Second Phase Of Zika Vaccine Testing This round of trials is safe from Donald Trump's proposed budget cuts.
Want To Know Why Your Teenager Is So Stressed? There is definitely an increase in the levels of stress on teenagers today. Any parent of college-bound high school students
Would You Drink A Probiotic With The Gut Bacteria Of Elite Athletes? Can sneaker endorsements, cereals, protein powders or electrolyte cocktails get any of us closer to the peak level performance
H7N9 Bird Flu Epidemic In China Worst Since 2013 H7N9 can infect poultry without causing clinical symptoms, which makes its spread difficult to monitor.
How To Survive Being Bipolar During The Apocalypse I thought I would begin to breathe again on Nov. 9. My depression always gets worse after Daylight Saving Time, with the
Cancer Is Awkward And it doesn\u2019t have to be.
Here's Evidence That April Fools Day Can Be Good For Your Health Let the pranks fly.
Air Pollution Links People Thousands Of Miles Apart In Deadly Ways International trade and global air currents mean we all share the costs.
Outrage Of The Month Like food, water and shelter, adequate sleep is vital for survival. We all need sufficient sleep to maintain our physical
Delaware Lawmakers Must Pave The Way For Comprehensive Addiction Treatment Being the mother of an addict was tough. Combine that with being a registered nurse and it becomes a nightmare. You watch
8 Simple But Powerful Habits That Will Help Make You More Successful If you don\u2019t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves.\u200a\u2014\u200aDavid
U.S. Rates Of Double-Mastectomies For Breast Cancer Vary By State \The variation is very striking.\
Blind Teen Touched By Simple But Rare Act Of Getting Braille Menu \Honestly, it was the best sandwich I\u2019ve ever had.\
These Striking Photos Show How Anxiety Really Feels This is what we'd call \required viewing.\
Firearm-Related Hospitalizations Cost U.S. Billions The U.S. gun homicide rate is 25 times higher than other developed nations.
April Is The Cruelest Month I\u2019m a depressive. It has been some time since suicidal ideation, depersonalisation, and derealisation enveloped my pshche
FDA Nominee Moves To Untangle Ties To Pharmaceutical Industry Gottlieb's financial ties to the healthcare industry are extensive.
What Harry Potter Can Teach You About Productivity How to stop procrastinating\u200a
Of Course Cancer Isn't Random Despite the study in one of the world\u2019s most prestigious scientific journals, and the high-profile media coverage of it
Childhood Lead Exposure Can Change The Course Of A Life Kids don't recover from lead poisoning, a long-term study shows.
U.S. Senator Launches Probe Into 5 Top Opioid Drugmakers 91 Americans die of drug overdoses every day.
FDA Approves New Drug For Severe Multiple Sclerosis \This sort of opens the door for us.\
Workaholism Doesn't Make You More Productive. Here's Why. Even though you\u2019re devoted to your work and spending a lot of time engaged in it, you may not be any more effective than you would be if you were taking breaks.
Why People Say 'You' When Talking About Themselves People use the \generic you\ as a way to normalize and great distance from negative experiences.
There Is Now An App For Sperm Testing The device could one day allow men to test for infertility at home.
In Breakthrough Discovery, Scientists Mass-Produce Artificial Blood The technique could one day be used to sustainably create blood, particularly for patients with rare blood types.
Elon Musk Just Launched A New Startup It will work on ways to connect the human brain and computers.
People With Mental Health Problems Need Access To Care Many people will be relieved that Congress did not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Whilst those of us with an interest in
I Know That 'Crazy' Woman On YouTube \u201cCrazy people\u201d on the subway are still people.
The Ultimate Goal In Grief \u201cGrief is like a long valley, a winding valley where any bend may reveal a totally new landscape.\u201d \u2015 C.S. Lewis, A Grief
White Americans Are Dying From A Surge In 'Deaths Of Despair' This may help explain Trump, according to economists studying mortality.
A Look At U.S. Health Care Spending As Obamacare Repeal Looms Some 20 million people gained coverage under the ACA.
These Quick Videos Will Reduce Your Stress In An Instant Nature wins every time. \ud83c\udf33
Scientists Invented A Headband That Could Help Us Better Understand Each Other It measures when two people's brains sync up.
\u2018Healthy\u2019 Obese Still Face Higher Heart Disease Risk Strictly 'healthy' obesity is pretty rare.
Mylan Recalls 81,000 EpiPens Outside U.S. After Reports Of Failure The life-saving allergy shot failed to work in emergencies.
Uncertain Fate Of Obamacare Causes Some Hospitals To Halt Projects, Hiring \It's very challenging to plan for your future in an environment like this.\
Welcome To The Grief Club Death is not a dress rehearsal. Death is final.
We Must End TB By 2030 If we as human beings really want to achieve something, nothing can stop us and we will do it.
Your Body May Be Ready For That Procedure, But Is Your Brain? One of the most heartbreaking moments of my career as an anesthesiologist came when I met the man I\u2019ll call Mr. D. He was
HuffPost Lifestyle's Instagram Read the full article relating to each post!
FDA Links Breast Implants To Deaths From Rare Type Of Cancer Women with implants \have a very low but increased risk\ of developing a type of lymphoma.
These 3 Superbugs Pose The Greatest Risk To Human Health In a new report, the WHO identified pathogens they are particularly worried about.
These Are The 2 Key Ways People Get Hooked On Prescription Opioids How opioid crisis trickled down to American's youth.
Why Equity Matters For Health According to the World Health Organization (WHO), globally, maternal deaths declined from more than 500,000 in 1990 to about
You Thought Flint Was Bad? See The Lead Levels In California Children California is proof that even states with strong environmental policies aren\u2019t immune to lead poisoning.
When Did I Become A Person With Allergies?! Well, as it turns out, developing allergies as an adult is extremely common. And there\u2019s really no way to know if it\u2019ll happen to you.
CVS Decision To Stop Selling Cigarettes Changed Customers' Lives A new study shows that if pharmacies didn't sell cigarettes, fewer people would smoke.
6 Ways Seniors Lose Out Under Trump's Budget And that's not counting health care or Social Security.
Surprise Hospital Inspections Are Linked To Lower Death Rates What makes inspection week different from other weeks in the year?
Climate Change Could Lead To An Uptick In Type-2 Diabetes Yet another way global warming poses a risk to health.
And Gorsuch Makes Three Talk about the potential for a perfect storm.
Majority Of Floridians Want To Maintain Or Expand Obamacare The GOP's health care plan is not playing well in the Sunshine State.
Local TV News Did A Really Bad Job Of Explaining Obamacare Maybe this is why so many people hated it, even if they could benefit from it.
Paul Ryan Promises To Make Health Bill Better For Older Americans The GOP is trying to fix the bill before Thursday's vote.
Ben Affleck's Relapse Is A Common Scenario For People With Alcoholism Addiction is a chronic illness, which means relapse is likely.
3 Reasons Stress Is Affecting Your Sex Drive And What To Do About It By Maj Wismann Do you live a stressful life? Have you ever wondered how it affects your sex drive? If you\u2019re stressed for
Why I Broke Up With My Fitbit It was just not a healthy relationship anymore.
5 Big Misconceptions About Life That Threaten Your Happiness With a case of the Sunday blahs rapidly settling in, I\u2019ve realized a sad truth\u2014this weekend has not relaxed, rejuvenated
How The American Health Care Act Can Affect Autism Coverage Autism Services Under the AHCA and Similar Proposed Legislation For individuals and families who are affected by autism spectrum
Why Smart People Don\u2019t Multitask You may have heard that multitasking is bad for you, but new studies show that it kills your performance and may even damage
How Certain Horror Movies Propagate the Mental Health Stigma The implications to society dramatically outweigh any potential entertainment.
Tom Price's Views Could Feed The Anti-Vaccine Sentiment Brewing In Texas The state is poised for a measles outbreak.
We're One Step Closer To Brain Scans That Can Reveal Criminal Intent We could one day use neuroscience to determine a defendant's mental state.
Precision Is Just What You Need For Sleep Apnea Treatment By Robson Capasso, MD I am fortunate enough to focus most of my clinical and academic work on the specific field I chose
Diets Don't Work -- Body Love Does Please, I beg of you. Don\u2019t go on another bikini-body diet.
U.S. Military Doctors Don't Feel Prepared To Care For Transgender Patients People who identify as transgender are overrepresented 2 to 1 in the military compared to the civilian population.
Lyme Disease Cases Are Rising In The Midwest Ticks and tick-borne diseases will probably keep spreading throughout the U.S.
It's Harder To Exercise If You Feel Judged For Your Weight People may start to believe negative stereotypes about themselves.
What Chrissy Teigen Can Teach Us About Postpartum Depression The more we talk about it, the less shameful PPD becomes.
Trump\u2019s False Autism Claims Could Have Serious Consequences For People With The Condition We can't go backward when it comes to autism research and services.
'Modern Love' Author\u2019s Story Highlights The Signs Of Ovarian Cancer Ovarian cancer is one of the deadliest cancers for women.
Want To Reward Your Brain? Get Off The Couch Health trends come and go, but one medical truism has proven remarkably durable
Trading Health Care For Hail Marys I shudder to think of Speaker Ryan's concept of vengeance if the American Health Care Act is what he deems merciful.
Hardly Any Teens Receive Effective Treatment For Opioid Addiction Adolescents face numerous obstacles to medication-assisted treatment.
Health And Climate Change The human face of climate change is its impact on our health. Higher temperatures intensify air pollution and respiratory
Zika And The City With spring break kicking off this week for many universities, including my home institution of NYU, the Centers for Disease
Self Love Doesn't Start On A Monday It's a huge shift in thinking for me.
On Facebook And Death Thanks to the internet, I saw that I wasn\u2019t alone in missing you, that a bunch of strangers were also grieving you.
A Needed Perspective About Your Doctor\u2019s Appointment And Why You Wait Honoring Health Vow #4
Stress And Performance Anxiety, Part 2 If you\u2019ve ever been anxious before going on a stage, running a race, or in bed with your spouse, you\u2019ve experienced performance
Just Get Over It \u201cHonestly, my depression has been so bad lately. I\u2019m just really good at hiding it.\u201d Many people would have a hard time believing
10 Things Confident People Don\u2019t Do As usual, Yoda was right\u2014and science backs him up.
I Am \Disabled,\ And That Label Matters In a world that wants to say disability is a negative, claiming this quality can be a radical notion.
My Olympic Journey I never get sick \u2015 not a cold, not a cough or sore throat.
Palliative Care Newsflash
Health Care Costs And System Could Leave Kids Like My Autistic Son Behind I can only imagine how scary it must be for those still facing years of such big health care bills.
What I Learned After Losing A Parent At A Young Age I hate when people complain about their parents.
Your Employer-Provided Health Care Could End With The GOP's Plan Here's why that may not be terrible.
11 Signs That You Lack Emotional Intelligence Unlike your IQ, your EQ is highly malleable.
U.S. Doctors In Training To Work Longer Hours Under New Guidelines Some doctors are happy with the change.
Alert Darn you, daylight saving time.
CDC Investigating Listeria Outbreak Linked To Contaminated Cheese Two deaths have been reported.
A Selfie Could Tell You If You Have This Thyroid Cancer Symptom For Teen Vogue, by Brittney McNamara. When actor and producer Lorna Nickson Brown was diagnosed with cancer in 2015, she
This Eating Disorder Awareness Campaign Boycotts The 'Before' Photo \I don\u2019t have to prove that I was sick by showing you my body.\u201d
Tennessee Bird Flu Shares Name, Not Genetics, Of Feared China Strain It the first bird flu case in a commercial U.S. operation in more than a year.
Justin Trudeau Pledged $650 Million To Counter Trump's Anti-Abortion Rule Some leaders actually care about women\u2019s access to health services.
\u2018It\u2019s Because You\u2019re Fat\u2019\u200a \u2014 \u200aAnd Other Lies My Doctors Told Me This\u00a0piece\u00a0by Martina Donkers originally appeared on\u00a0The Establishment, an independent multimedia site founded and run by
A Gym Just Banned Cable News Because People Kept Fighting This is why we can't have nice things.
Studies Highlight Gender, Racial Inequalities In Medical Profession Female doctors received poorer evaluations than men and were underrepresented at grand rounds.
How To Balance Training For An Ironman Distance Race, Working Full Time And A Side Hustle When people tell me they don\u2019t have time to train for an ironman distance race, I laugh. Technically speaking, unless one
I Suffered With ADHD As A Child And Wasn't Diagnosed Until I Was 27 Years Old ADHD is real, and I am a real living example. I wasn\u2019t diagnosed with ADHD until I was an adult who was teaching kids with
To Have And To Hold Sentimental Clutter After A Loss A common question I receive is the problem of dealing with sentimental clutter. Sentimental clutter are those things you
Stress And Performance Anxiety, Part 1 Have you ever stood up to give a work presentation, and then suddenly become overwhelmed with panic and fear? If you\u2019re a
Soy Tied To Longer Life After Breast Cancer \u201cAll women or all breast cancer survivors can add soy as a component of a healthy diet.\
No One Is Talking About This Terrible Outcome Of The GOP Health Plan It could force states to choose between vulnerable children and vulnerable seniors.
Prevention Is Key To Reduce Spring Concussion Spike Research shows that the fall season, when many popular contact sports are in session, is associated, naturally, with a dramatic
Here Are Some Scary Things That Can Happen To You In A Hospital Medical mistakes are reportedly the third leading cause of death.
Massachusetts To Plug Gap If Congress Blocks Planned Parenthood Funds Governor Charlie Baker pledged to protect women's health.
GOP Health Care Bill Uses Smokescreen Of 'Personal Responsibility' To Abandon Pre-Existing Condition Protections Targeting patients for having pre-existing conditions means hurting those who are already suffering.
5 Fantastical Ear Tube Myths Debunked! Ear infections are common childhood illnesses. Most children outgrow the infections after medical management, but some children
From Almond Biscotti to \Crack\ Nuts These cookies might look plain but when you bite into them, you discover a buttery and sweet shortbread studded with melted
Less Politics, More Ethics And Compassion In Our Health Care! Health care is an immoral battlefield on which to wage political warfare. People dedicated to the preservation of endangered
Hearing Loss Is The Silent Killer Of Relationships And it's only going to get worse!
More Than 80 Percent Of Patient Advocacy Groups Accept Industry Money And those organizations don't always disclose their industry ties.
E. Coli Outbreak Likely Caused By I.M. Healthy SoyNut Butter Throw it out if it's in your pantry.
Nations That Are \Friends Of Friends\ Are Less Likely To Go To War \Alliances matter more than one might expect.\
Pot Products Are Now So Potent They Can Trigger Psychosis Health experts say we need to regulate cannabis products to make them safer to use.
Being Obese Is Strongly Linked To A Greater Risk For These 11 Cancers Avoiding weight gain as an adult can lower cancer risk.
Taxes Trimmed Mexican Soda Consumption For Two Years \The tax is working.\
Naloxone Won't Rescue Us From The Opioid Epidemic, But It's A Start Opioid overdose deaths are soaring in the U.S.
Pompe Drug Lauded By Trump Costs $300,000 A Year Trump also said more needs to be done to bring down \u201cartificially high\u201d drug prices.
Common Household Appliances Could Cause Pacemaker Malfunction Still, most tools and appliances people use at home probably aren't a problem.
Obamacare Repeal Could Delay Retirement For The Most Vulnerable Without the ACA, older workers who are caregivers or laid off will be slammed.
Understanding The Link Between Back Pain And A Higher Risk Of Death One doesn't cause the other.
The Unexpected Place Superbugs Are Spreading -- Hospital Sinks And Pipes Until now, it was unclear how bacteria in hospital pipes could infect patients.
15 Things You Know All Too Well If You Work From\u00a0Home 5. Us
New Food Allergy Guidelines Recommend Introducing Peanuts At 4 To 6 Months Of Age New landmark federal guidelines are making waves in the allergy community. On January 5 the National Institutes of Health
Making Physical Therapy Work For You I was having a conversation this morning with someone who was asked to consider physical therapy again, despite best efforts
Think Going On A Diet Is Harmless? Think Again. It\u2019s National Eating Disorder Awareness Week--a great time to be reminded that we are put on this earth to do so much more
WHO Says New Drugs Urgently Needed To Fight 12 'Priority Pathogens' Antibiotic-resistant bacteria have become a global health threat.
Most Americans Want U.S. To Keep Funding Expanded Medicaid Democrats and Republicans agree on something for once.
People Who Live Without Screens Don't Sleep Any Better Than The Rest Of Us For a variety of different reasons, their sleep can actually be worse.
9 Traps You Fall Into That Limit Your Happiness Unhappiness can catch you by surprise.
The Psychological Effects Of A Cancer Diagnosis I recently have found myself engaging with a number of people about the mental impact that a cancer diagnosis has had on
An Alcohol-Free Life Alcohol is an integrated part of this world but I do not have to drink it.
Smart Kids Are More Likely To Experiment With Pot And Alcohol Just like adults.
10 Habits Of Mentally Strong People You have to be kind to people who are rude to you.
Health Officials To Decide If The U.S. Should Get 3 MMR Shots Instead Of 2 A series of big outbreaks are prompting experts to consider giving Americans a boost.
Psychedelics Could Play A Role In Tackling The Opioid Epidemic LSD and other long-demonized drugs could help with addiction recovery, research suggests.
There's A Reason Zika Virus Became A Pandemic In 2015 The health consequences of climate change have begun.
The Way Americans Retire Is Broken. Here Are 5 Ideas For Fixing It. Because we need a better plan for those next 20 years.
Scientists Test Deep Brain Stimulation As Potential Anorexia Therapy A small study found that implanting stimulation electrodes into the brains of patients could ease their anxiety and help them gain weight.
Millions Of These Knives Are Being Recalled Because Their Blades Can Break The massive recall of Calphalon Contemporary Cutlery affects products sold as far back as 2008.
Depression Rates Rose 18 Percent In The Last Decade Depression is also the top cause of disability worldwide.
Why So Many Young Doctors Work Such Awful Hours By Ryan Park The path to becoming a doctor is notoriously difficult. Following pre-med studies and four years of medical
This Heartbreaking Poem About Dating With OCD Is So Spot On Eye opening, isn't it?
New Year, New Phone, Same Me In January, my iPhone was confirmed dead by the Apple Store in Saint Laurent du Var. It had gone dark the day prior, unresponsive
5 Big Things We Have To Lose If Republicans Repeal Obamacare A look at what\u2019s at risk in the GOP overhaul.
My OCD Doesn't Look Like Your OCD Obsessive Compulsive Disorder is an extremely misunderstood illness. I can speak to this because my OCD doesn\u2019t look like
What The 2016 Oscar-Nominated Films Can Teach Us About Trauma And Addiction We can indeed triumph over pain and \u201cbeat it.\u201d
11 Rules Of Dating As a human behavior expert with a Ph.D. in psychology and masters and doctorate in education, I am often asked for advice
5 Things That Happened When I Stopped Caring What People Thought Of Me For the past six months, I haven\u2019t gotten a haircut. This wasn\u2019t planned. I wake up, go to sleep, and sit at my desk during
Norway Pledges $10 Million To Counter Trump's Global Anti-Abortion Move Other countries are stepping up in the wake of Trump's abortion decision.
Experts Are One Step Closer To Predicting A Man's Risk For Hair Loss Scientists have identified more than 200 genetic markers linked to baldness.
Just A Heads Up, Your Eyelashes Are Probably Crawling With Mites It may be gross, but it's not actually harmful.
Don't Rely On Your Fitness Tracker To Lose Weight But it can still improve your health and happiness.
Al Gore More infectious disease and health problems from extreme heat and air pollution are possibilities.
Heart Attacks In Women One challenge is that some heart disease symptoms in women may be different from those in men.
What We Can Learn From Beyonce's Grammy Snub My mom is not a Beyonce fan, but she appreciates her artistry. When Lemonade did not win Album of the Year, she was shocked
Even Under the ACA, Your Health Insurer Is Playing God When It Comes To Opioid Addiction Recently, a 27-year-old patient who was using 10 bags of heroin and smoking marijuana daily for the past six months came
Stroke Was A Wake-Up Call For Life-Changing Decisions By Lilian Tsi Stielstra When my husband decided to overhaul his diet in 2006, I wasn\u2019t interested in giving up my favorite
The One Question That Every Physician Should Ask Their Patient In the current medical culture physicians only have minutes to spend with each of their patients. In these few minutes a
CRISPR Will Never Be Good Enough To Improve People The CRISPR/Cas9 (CRISPR) technique has been used to modify genes in animals, plants and fungi, organisms different from and
9 Signs You\u2019re Dealing With An Emotional Manipulator Emotional manipulators are easy enough to spot if you know what to look for.
Air Pollution Linked To Millions Of Premature Births Around The Globe Africa and Asia were the worst affected.
Why Exercise Alone Isn't Enough To Prevent Weight Gain In fact, exercise can even be linked to weight gain.
Giphy Adds 2,000 Sign Language GIFs To Its Library It's now easier than ever to learn sign language.
Washington D.C. Lab Messed Up Hundreds Of Zika Tests Pregnant women were mistakenly told they tested negative for the virus.
Trump's Pick To Lead Health Agency Calls EpiPen Issue 'Disturbing' Mylan came under fire last year for misclassifying its lifesaving allergy pen as a generic drug.
Stop Blaming Donald Trump's Bad Leadership On Mental Illness Reminder
How Public Health Officials Can Make The Truth Heard In A 'Post-Fact' World They're conducting some critical research. But a lot of people aren't listening to what they find.
If Trump Really Wants To 'Do Something' About Autism, Here Are 3 Suggestions None of them has to do with vaccines.
Ebola Study Shows How 'Superspreaders' Can Prolong An Outbreak Social factors may be more influential than biological ones.
U.S. Health Care Costs Will Outpace GDP Within A Decade These projections don't take into account any likely changes to the Affordable Care Act.
China, India Account For Half World's Pollution Deaths In 2015 Air pollution caused more than 4.2 million early deaths worldwide that year.
Your Grandpa Didn't Come To America To Commit Crime, And Neither Do Today's Immigrants Immigration is actually linked to a drop in certain crimes, a new study finds.
Obamacare Significantly Expanded Insurance For People With HIV Most people who gained HIV coverage would likely lose it if the ACA is repealed and Medicaid expansion eliminated.
Connie Britton Is Bringing Awareness To A Super Important Issue Clear eyes, healthy hearts, can't lose.
Few Transgender Teens Opt For Fertility Preservation We need to better understand transgender teens' parenthood goals and the barriers to fertility preservation they face.
How Young Is Too Young To Test for And Prevent Heart Disease? How young is too young to start focusing on heart attack risk? It is Heart Month and the emphasis on preventing heart disease
Health Care Adjusts To A More Diverse America Immigrants Drive Change Most of the nation\u2019s population growth since the 1960s has come from the immigration of nearly 59
Predicting The Future For Africans Living With Epilepsy Growing up, I discovered that l could predict the future. One of my first predictions was in high school
Top 5 Secrets Introverts Won't Tell You Toughen up \u2013 you\u2019re a wimp. Do you feel it too? The discomfort rising inside when someone perceives you as weak or broken
4 Uncommon But Serious Ear Infection Complications Ear infection complications can happen when the infections become severe or recurrent. I already discussed common myths about
Love Needs To Be Remembered, Restored and Renewed 
How To Deal With Nasty Comments About Your Body I was just finishing up a run and slowed down to a jog on the way to my car when a woman, who was running in the opposite
Are Introverts Or Extroverts Happier? According to the \u201cBig 5\u201d personality traits, extraversion is linked to several advantageous qualities when it comes to our
Psychologists Think They Found The Purpose Of Depression By Drake Baer Depression is pervasive
Returning To Work While Grieving Make sure you\u2019re honest with both yourself and others
10 Things Truly Confident People Do Differently Their focused pursuit is driven by these habits that you can emulate and absorb.
Spine Concepts, Low Back Pain 
8 Countries Sign Up To Counter Trump's Global Anti-Abortion Move The global gag rule could create a dangerous health environment for women around the world.
The Latest Research Shows There's Racial Bias In Deadly Policing Shootings Black Americans are more than twice as likely as white Americans to be unarmed when they're fatally shot by police, a new study says.
HHS Pick Price Made \u2018Brazen\u2019 Stock Trades While His Committee Was Under Scrutiny Price also advocated for health care companies' interests in letters to officials and proposed laws in their favor.
Anyone Can Become An Internet Troll, According To Stanford Computer Scientists Ordinary people are easily primed to post nasty online comments, a new study shows.
Why Skipping Vaccines Is A Public, Not Personal, Health Choice The vaccines don't stop once you reach adulthood.
Lena Dunham Slams The Shame Associated With Psychiatric Medication The actress has been living with anxiety and OCD since childhood.
#ActualLivingScientist Hashtag Introduces America To Our Scientists A reminder of scientists' important work.
Why Young People At Risk For HIV Aren't Getting Tested Fewer than half of youth organizations offer testing.
Scientists Discover 83 Genetic Mutations That Help Determine Your Height These uncommon genetic variants can have a powerful effect on height, a large-scale new study finds.
Cancer Care Improved A few weeks ago I was invited to the White House and the Capitol to discuss the status of cancer care after the Affordable
Fat Shaming Can Literally Break Your Heart Feeling bad about your body may increase risk of heart and metabolic diseases.
Huge Scientific Breakthroughs For Misophonia And Sound Intolerance Misophonia, a disorder where sounds (and sometimes visuals) cause a severe aversive reaction for sufferers, has existed for
It's Astounding How Fast Your Body Recovers When You Stop Smoking Within 48 hours, food starts to taste better.
Team Didn't Make It To The Super Bowl? You May Have Dodged A Deadly Flu There's a downside to all those parties -- especially for older adults.
How Soy Can Both Prevent Breast Cancer And Fuel Its Spread It could be that soy is protective only if women eat it before cancer develops.
The Moving Story Behind This Viral Photo Of A Doctor's Powerful Sign A union reacts after a doctor in Brooklyn is stranded in Sudan due to Trump\u2019s travel ban.
NYC Medical Students Won't Accept Obamacare Repeal Without A Fight For future doctors, protecting the Affordable Care Act is part of their oath to \do no harm.\
Seattle Approves Nation's First Safe Injection Sites In Fight Against Opioid Crisis \u201cClearly the status quo isn\u2019t working anywhere, and clearly we need to look at new tools,\ one area health official said.
The Mediterranean Diet Could Help Kids With ADHD Eating less sugar and more vegetables and fish might reduce inattention and impulsivity, new research suggests.
How Discriminatory Immigration Policy Affects The Unborn Harsh immigration policies can have a negative health effect on immigrants -- and even citizens who share their ethnicity.
Heart Hospitalizations Rise Days After A Snowstorm It can take several days for the body to react to the cold weather.
Exercise May Be As Valuable As Good Genes In Lowering Dementia Risk It could be as easy as going for a walk three times a week.
Keke Palmer Refuses To Stay Silent When It Comes To Mental Health And it's amazing.
The Health Effects Of Hormone-Altering Chemicals In Everyday Products Researchers discuss the latest evidence at a Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health forum.
The Importance Of First Responders Alexis de Tocqueville is one of the founders of the idea of civil service. In the recent past there was a time in America
Our Daily Fight With Anxiety We still have a long way to go.
American Chefs Meet The Persian Pantry 
Expanding the Emergency Room Model 
Start The Year With A Social Detox This article first appeared on QuietRev.com We don\u2019t do all that much for the holidays. We don\u2019t travel great distances while
Online Therapy For Insomnia Could Help You Sleep Better One caveat
Trump Blocked Global Abortion Funds, So The Dutch Government Is Stepping In We already know what happens when we strip reproductive health funding
This Is When You're Most Likely To Catch The Flu Go get those vaccines.
This Is What The World Looks Like When You're Colorblind To Green Whoa.
This Federal Program Is The Reason Anyone Can Access HIV Care, Regardless Of Ability To Pay Eighty-two percent of people receiving medical care from the Ryan White program no longer have detectable levels of HIV in their blood.
Trump Health Pick Favors Insurance For People With Prior Illness \Nobody ought to be priced out of the market for having a bad diagnosis.\
Why Tom Price's Biotech Stock Has Medical Ethicists Worried The Department of Health and Human Services nominee has to answer as a public servant -- and as a doctor.
We Tried To Chew As Much Gum As Sean Spicer Does. Here's What Happened. Trump's press secretary says he swallows two and a half packs of gum before noon.
Meet Anne Schuchat, The Pro-Vaccine Researcher Who Just Took Over The CDC But if history is any indication, she may not be there long.
Whale Study Suggests Menopause May Exist So Grandmas Can Babysit A new evolutionary biology study throws mother-daughter conflicts into the mix.
We've Been Seriously Underestimating Cervical Cancer Risks And new research indicates that black women face an even higher risk than white women.
This Is Your Body On Spicy Foods Dare to kick it up a notch?
Your Willingness To Defend The Status Quo Depends On Your Perception Of Social Mobility The easier you think it is to move up the economic ladder, the more OK you are with the way the world works.
Most Women Who Freeze Their Eggs Never End Up Using Them About one in five women became pregnant after freezing their eggs, most of them conceiving naturally or through IVF.
To President Trump From A Pediatrician Dear President Trump
Sounds Are Destroying My Life While there is little research on misophonia, it is currently believed to be a neurological disorder.
It Is Okay To Expect The Unexpected With Medical Marijuana Medical marijuana usage is a hot topic today, but many of the politics behind regulation center around biased statistics
Seeing E-Cigarettes May Increase Your Desire To Smoke Study results cast doubt on the potential for e-cigarettes to work as a smoking cessation aid.
The Science of Awe And Why It Matters At Work This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Awe has been getting increased press lately. Along with mindfulness and compassion
Malaria Advocates Are Worried About Eradication Funding Under President Trump Malaria still kills a child in Africa every few minutes.
The Women Who Are Running To Protest Trump Are Tapping Into History There is a long tradition of women running as a form of protest.
Global Coalition Aims To Outpace Epidemics With New Vaccines \u201cWithout investments in research and development, we will remain unequipped when we face the next threat.\
Quarter Of Republicans Want To Keep Obamacare \u201cI\u2019m afraid if you just repeal, people will lose it.\
The Child Who Wasn\u2019t Sadness is not evidence of error, and being sad that something happened isn\u2019t the same as admitting it shouldn\u2019t have happened.
Despite Rising Rates Of Depression, It's Doubtful We'll See New Drugs Pharmaceutical companies aren't investing in antidepressants research because the risks are too high.
These Numbers Show Just How Safe Vaccines Are It's time to debunk dangerous vaccine myths.
A New Urine Test Could Measure How Healthy Your Diet Is The test could make diet and weight loss studies much more accurate.
You Should Be Wary Of Magazines' 'New Year' Diets Take note before jumping in.
Yellow Fever Outbreak In Brazil Could Become An Epidemic, Officials Fear It's spread by the same type of mosquito that spreads Zika virus.
Implant Helps People With Paralysis Regain Use Of Limbs For the past five years, Brian Gomez hasn\u2019t been able to move his arms or legs. That\u2019s slowly changing for Gomez, who is
I Am Carrying Carrie Fisher's Baton By Speaking Truth To Power About My Depression Carrie Fisher was a mother, daughter, sister, actress and author. She also candidly discussed and openly chronicled her own
I Don't Want To Be A 'Fit' Mom I see the ads everywhere... from gym commercials, pop-ups on websites, or promoted ads on Facebook. \u00a0 \u201cYou CAN be a fit mom
How One Candy Bar Changed My Diet This is not my \u201cregular\u201d type of post, but it\u2019s important and funny so I thought I would share it and hopefully it will resonate
The ACA Didn't Save My Life, But It DID Give Me One In addition to providing better (or any) medical care to millions, the Affordable Care Act also freed countless people like
To The Politicians Who Voted To Kill Me I want you to know what it feels like when politicians prioritize their hatred of a president and a policy over your literal means to live.
This Crazy Thing Happened When I Quit Diet Coke My name is Erica, and I\u2019m a Diet Coke addict. I used to be literally obsessive about Diet Coke. Fountain soda was my favorite
Repealing The Affordable Care Act Will Hurt My Most Vulnerable Patients Donald Trump wants to \u201crepeal and replace\u201d the Affordable Care Act (ACA) \u201cquickly.\u201d The United States Congress has already
What Your Health Insurance Card Doesn\u2019t Say For the silliest of reasons\u2014what\u2019s written on a plastic wallet card\u2014many Americans are unaware that their health insurance
New Discovery Sheds Light On The Origins Of Complex Life Landmark research sheds light on the origins of complex life.
No Antibiotic In The U.S. Could Save This Woman. We Should All Be Worried. This is one of the first cases of a pan-resistant infection in America.
Donald Trump\u2019s Health Secretary Pick Is Dividing America\u2019s Doctors Tom Price is \u201cactually fairly extreme.\u201d
CVS Boosts Access To EpiPen Rival That's Only 17 Percent The Cost A small win in a losing war against soaring drug prices.
Marijuana Eases Pain, But Jury's Out On Other Health Benefits, Scientists Say Researchers call for more studies to fill the gaps in knowledge about pot use.
New Report Shows The U.S. Is Failing When It Comes To Mental Health The suicide rate has increased, as has the rate of depression in teens.
No, The Weather Isn't Making Your Joints Hurt More You might just be noticing the pain when it's raining.
These Science-Backed Tips Will Help You Demolish Your To-Do List Your productivity will thank you.
Here's What Repealing Obamacare Means To Those Who Need It Most \I'm in tears over this.\
Wearable Sensors Can Tell If You're Sick Before You Even Feel It Changes in heart rate and skin temperature could all be signs of an impending illness.
Your Drunken Urge For Pizza And Wings, Explained By Science The new study was in mice, not humans, but it could offer clues about \false starvation.\
New York's Attorney General Wants To Keep Birth Control Free As Obamacare repeal looms, New York is fighting to maintain insurance coverage for contraception.
Angola Reports First Two Zika Virus Cases The country is still recovering from a yellow fever outbreak.
Obamacare May Have Helped More Poor People Get Breast Cancer Screenings Just something to consider.
How Well Are You Aging? This Blood Test May Tell You A person\u2019s chronological age doesn\u2019t necessarily indicate their overall health or their risk for certain conditions.
Hostess Recalls White Peppermint Twinkies Over Salmonella Scare The recall is \out of an abundance of caution,\ the Food and Drug Administration said.
Organ Transplants Hit A Record High For A Very Depressing Reason A lot of lives are being saved by drug overdose deaths.
Low Vitamin D Linked To Frequent Headaches In Men It's not clear if these findings also apply to women.
St. Jude Heart Devices Get Cyber Security Updates After Probe Into Hack Vulnerability The updates will automatically be pushed out to St. Jude home monitors that enable doctors to track their performance.
This Is How Runners Make The Exercise Look So Easy It's all in your form.
Why It\u2019s Time To Drop The 'D' From PTSD After each mass shooting, the NRA and their Congressional lackeys have been making sure the conversation is increasingly
Modern Gym Manners According to a recent study by the University of Scranton, nearly 38 percent of New Year\u2019s resolutions include weight-related
Why Smart Phones Are Driving Everyone Insane There's nothing worse than whipping out your smartphone during a meeting, and few things will turn someone off to you quite like a mid-conversation text message or even a quick glance at your phone.
5 Things You Should (And Should Not) Say When Someone Dies Sometimes a hug is better than words!
President Barack Obama Slams 'Repeal And Delay' Approach To Affordable Care Act He called it \reckless\ and \irresponsible.\
Republican Attempt To Repeal Obamacare Puts People With HIV At Risk \Any kind of interruption in care is going to result in more cases of HIV.\
Not Liking Music Is An Actual Neurological Condition It's called \musical anhedonia.\
A Nobel Prize-Winning Biologist's Advice For Aging Well And Preventing Disease Longer telomeres, longer life.
What I've Learned From Grieving Parents It will hurt to be around family and friends with living children.
Living Well With Mindful Eating \u201cSlow down - You move too fast\u2026 you gotta make the (moment) last\u2026.\u201d \u2013 Simon and Garfunkel If one of your goals in the New
Gun Violence Is One Of The Least Researched Major Killers In The U.S., Study Finds Relative to the number of lives it claims, gun violence receives little funding for studies.
Why Naming A Precise Figure During Negotiations Could Backfire It could make you seem like an amateur.
Millions Of Children Live Miles Away From Child Surgery Specialists Kids need doctors with special training before undergoing certain procedures.
New Law Bans Sale Of Specific Cough Medicine To Minors Florida is one of 12 states to ban minors from purchasing cough medicine containing dextromethorphan.
People Falsely Believe Pricier Foods Are Healthier They're wrong.
Offering Syringes Along With Prayers, Churches Help IV Drug Users Some faith-based organizations are offering clean syringes to IV drug users, while others are voicing support for comprehensive treatment.
Everything You Need To Know About The 38 Best Diets For Health The best diets are easy to follow, nutritious, safe and effective for weight loss and preventing diabetes and heart disease.
Violence Spreads Like A Contagious Infection Among Friends We can't punish our way out of this problem.
Why New Drug Approvals Are At A Six-Year Low In The U.S. The pharmaceuticals industry may be slowing down again.
Lena Dunham Just Made A Super Important Point About Mental Health Talk about some good advice.
How Do I Know If I\u2019m Eating Enough Healthy Fat? \u201cDr. Hyman, how do I know if I\u2019m eating enough fat?\u201d a reader recently asked me. This is an excellent question and one
Obamacare Saved My Mom's Life Instead of tearing apart an effective law that is saving lives, our representatives in Congress should fight to protect it.
How To Pee From A Sling With Dignity Immediately upon being diagnosed with ALS, I heard from doctors, support groups, books, and websites that this disease will
Stocking Your Fridge Properly Can Save You Money Minding these simple tips will help you keep food in your fridge and money in your pocket.
10 Things I Wish People Knew About Dating Someone On The Autism Spectrum Love is love no matter any differences we have in our lives.
5 Helpful (And Simple) New Year Resolution Tips For People New To Fitness We\u2019ve seen this story countless times\u2014motivation is at an all-time high for those first few weeks. Everything is operating
What A Hospital Scare Taught Me About Time There\u2019s an unfinished plastered-over patch of wall in the girls\u2019 bedroom that mocks me. It\u2019s from some work we had done last
The Challenge Of Grief When we lose someone we love, we feel grief. Grief is a natural feeling in response to loss. However, grief from our ego
Mysterious Marijuana-Related Illness Popping Up In Emergency Rooms The vomiting illness is increasing in states with legal pot.
7 Psychiatrist-Backed Tips To Help You Manage Anxiety Because this disorder can be a real pain.
11 Life Lessons I Learned From My Year Of Running A mile a day seemed possible \u2014 yet daunting.
Don't Stress About Resolutions -- Set New Year's Intentions Instead It is up to you as to what you would like your life to revolve around. Is it your career? A quality you want to cultivate? Meditation practice itself?
If You Can't Keep Your New Year's Resolutions, Be Kind to Yourself 
What I Learned As A Father On My Daughter's ED Journey It was difficult for me to become a father. I had no experience in raising children and then suddenly I had two teenagers
10 Things To Give Up In The New Year Life has taught me many lessons, most of which came after the death of my late husband in 2009. Before his death I didn\u2019t
\Obamacare\ -- Three Keys for Improvement 
Anne Lamott's Advice For A New Year Without Diets Spot. On.
U.S. Melanoma Rates Keep Rising One in 54 Americans will develop invasive melanoma \u2013 the rarest and deadliest type of skin cancer \u2013 in their lifetime.
Dr. America's Best And Worst In Health Justice For 2016 Many of us might feel like 2016 can not end soon enough, and some of us wonder if 2017 will be better. With respect to all
Moving Forward Into 2017 It is important to remember that where there was great love, there will also be deep grief.
Why I Don't Have A New Year's Resolution (And Why You Should Reconsider Yours) How do you really feel about your New Year\u2019s resolution? Be honest. Are you excited? If so, what\u2019s the reason? Is it because
It's The Holidays... And Everyone Is On Their Phones It starts innocently enough. My aunt wants to show photos from their recent vacation, my cousin is looking up the name of
On Balance, 2016 Was A Pretty Garbage Year For Mental Health Stigma was on display all year long.
This Simple Strategy Could Help Doctors Ask Teens About Gender Identity Better understanding between doctors and patients could translate to better health services provided.
The 10 Best Health Stories Of 2016 We wish we'd written these.
Helping Others Is The Key To Longevity, Study Finds Here's why you shouldn't feel guilty asking Grandma to babysit.
You Can Actually Die From Grief We don't know if that's what happened to Debbie Reynolds, but we do know that grief can have a profound effect on heart health.
The Resilience Imperative In his book\u00a0The Lucky Years, Dr. David Agus explores what he calls \u201cthe power of context.\u201d \u201cIf you throw a lit match into
How To Create Quiet Spaces In Your Home This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Contrary to popular belief, not all introverts are homebodies. I myself love
Common Weight Loss Surgery Linked To Lasting Digestive Issues For people who had the surgery, the most problematic foods were fried foods, soda and pastries.
18 Tweets That Capture Carrie Fisher\u2019s Mental Health Legacy Man, we're going to miss this woman.
Carrie Fisher's Death Highlights The Reality Of Heart Disease In Women Women face distinct risk factors and symptoms.
Obi Wan Kenobi Is Not Our Only Hope America has lost a princess. When Carrie Fisher passed, most Americans were quick to point out the impact Fisher had on cinema
Carrie Fisher Was An Advocate For Women With Mental Illness And Addiction In the day since Carrie Fisher\u2019s passing was announced on Tuesday morning, the actress, author, comedienne, script doctor
6 Foods To Eat When You're Stressed AF Step away from the chips.
How American Babies Behave Differently From Infants In Other Cultures South Korean babies like to cuddle the most, and Chilean babies are the most active.
New Year's Resolutions Are Bound To Fail. Try This Instead. Skip the all-or-none resolutions this year.
Young Men More Attuned To Partners' Birth Control Than You Might Guess \It doesn\u2019t have to be a long or awkward discussion.\
Medicaid Expansion Tied To Employment Among People With Disabilities Medicaid matters.
These Are The Lives That Obamacare Helped Save Estimates show that the law has helped at least 20 million Americans get health insurance coverage.
12 Things You Should Never Say To Someone With Autism When I speak about growing up with autism to different organizations, schools and businesses, it\u2019s often a surprise for people
17 Ways To Be A Lot Happier In 2017 At the end of 2014, I took the lessons I learned during that 365 days and wrote about how to be a happier person in 2015
Our Brains Are Guided More By Empathy Than Selfishness \u201cIt\u2019s almost like these areas of the brain behave according to a neural Golden Rule.\
What I Would Have Said To My Friend Who Died By Suicide \Sarah was absolutely brilliant.\
8 Tips For Avoiding Information Overload ...That do not include chucking your phone out the window.
Forget Your Weight In 2017. Get Fit For Your Life. #9 \u2013 You Will Love Life and Live More Want to live in the moment? You want to enjoy the present, get the most out of every
8 Paradoxical Habits Of Wildly Successful People Why are there so many different theories, complete with the science to back them up, about the traits that contribute to success? I think it's because most wildly successful people are complex -- so complex that many of their defining qualities are paradoxical.
If You're Not In the Holiday Spirit, Try To Remember These 12 Things The holidays are a wonderful time of the year. Family, friends, food, fun, and faith are some of the common threads that
Simple Gifts--for the Holidays (Holy Daze)   or  If We Do Not Know Your Wishes, How Can We Follow Them? 
A Dear Santa Letter From A Grownup If kids can write a letter to Santa and send it to the North Pole, why can\u2019t I? Here\u2019s what I would ask for, now that I\u2019m
There Really Is An Increased Risk Of Heart Attack Over The Holidays A study in New Zealanders shows it isn't because of winter weather
This Big-Hearted Kid 'Therapist' Offers Emotional Support To Stressed Out Adults For $2 And he offers his profits to schoolmates who can\u2019t afford to buy lunch.
Deaths from Fentanyl Overdoses Double In A Single Year In 2014, 4,200 people in the U.S. died from overdoses involving fentanyl.
Scientists Create Effective Ebola Vaccine, Just A Couple Years After Deadly Epidemic \When the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless.\
Public Speaking? There\u2019s An App For That This article first appeared on QuietRev.com According to the 2015 Chapman University Survey of American Fears, the top three
Many Brazilian Women Are Avoiding Pregnancy Over Zika Fears The government should overhaul its reproductive health policies to support them, researchers say.
The Them In Us My native inclination this time each year is to turn my attention from matters purely medical, and dwell somewhat preferentially
The Easy Trick That Helps Athletes Power Through Tough Workouts Well this is life changing.
A Staggering Number Of Top Athletes Don't Sleep Well Up to half of elite athletes may be getting too little sleep or have poor quality sleep.
How Creative Achievement Eases Your Fear Of Dying Art buffers against anxieties, research shows.
Eye Contact Can Be Really Intense For Your Brain No, it's not just you.
Do We Sleep Better On The Solstice? The length of the day isn\u2019t the only thing that affects sleep.
Obamacare Insurance Expansion Tied To Faster Emergency Care \u201cAlleviating this burden is a big deal, because minutes cut down traveling to the hospital can literally make the difference for whether a patient lives or dies.\u201d
Experimental Zika Vaccine Successfully Induces A Robust Immune Response The early stage trials showed the vaccine was safe and effective at triggering Zika-specific immune responses.
Pot Use In Pregnancy Is Going Up. Here's What We Know So Far About Its Effects It could have some serious, long-term effects on the child.
A Recipe For Healthy Holidays By Susan Blumenthal, M.D. and Katherine Perez As Ralph Waldo Emerson once said, \u201cthe first wealth is health.\u201d While reflecting
Three Tips For Your Best Marathon For many of us, marathon training will soon be in full-swing, with both weekly mileage and the distance of your long runs
Blue Christmas... Navigating Grief And The Holidays The stockings are hung, the tree is trimmed and smells of the season are wafting from the kitchen. But I can\u2019t help but notice
What You Should Know About Concussions As part of the public discussion \u2014which includes scientific research findings\u2014 I have watched the issue of concussions publicized
Repeal And Displace Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, Republicans have promised to \u201crepeal and replace\u201d President Obama\u2019s
More Than The Daddy Blues How familiar does this sound? \u201cI was so excited during the whole pregnancy. I went to almost all of the doctors\u2019 appointments
How To Keep Your Kids Safe During Holiday Travel Season Don't forget to bring the carseat!
Female Doctors Outperform Male Counterparts, Get Paid Less This is a disheartening calculation.
Prince Harry Gets Heartbreakingly Honest About Dealing With Grief \For a huge part of my life I didn\u2019t really want to think about it.\
8 Health Trends That We Need To Ditch In 2017 Sayonara.
How Sleep Affects Your Hormones Getting good quality sleep is critical for the endocrine system to properly operate. Ninety percent of cell and tissue growth
The Invisible Veterans By Samantha Kubek, Equal Justice Works Fellow, New York Legal Assistance Group Women are the fastest growing veteran population
Darkest Hours The longest night and shortest day of the year is coming soon on December 21. With longer dark hours throughout winter, health
Healthy Fats May Reduce Diabetes Risk This article was originally published in the November 2016 edition of the Tufts Health & Nutrition Letter, a publication
Emotional Support Animals There is a new hot accessory to bring to your psychiatrist\u2019s office...a pet. Just in the past month or so, I have seen what
Coping With Holiday Grief Coping with Holiday Grief Grief is an already emotionally tough time. It hits everyone differently and the holidays can
You Can Still Sign Up For Health Insurance Today Experts say it's still a good idea, despite Trump's vow to repeal the Affordable Care Act
'Nightmare' Superbug May Have Spread Outside Hospitals \These bacteria might be moving from health care to community settings.\
Alan Thicke's Death Exercise can trigger a heart attack, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't work out.
Mumps Cases Are The Highest They've Been In 10 Years For SELF, by Korin Miller. Experts suggest a few different factors may be to blame. According to new government data, the
How To Enjoy Your Holidays While Managing Chronic Illness Holiday season is upon us. For many people this is the most joyful time of year, but for those who suffer from chronic disease
Henry Heimlich, Developer Of Anti-Choking Maneuver, Dead At 96 The maneuver he invented is believed to have saved more than 100,000 lives.
Seven Essential Tips To Breaking Up With Sugar As we come to the end of 2016, many of us start to look back \u2013 and reflect. The year has been defining \u2013 even redefining
When Language Is A Barrier To Health It was 5 pm on a Saturday, and I was watching the minutes pass from my patient\u2019s hospital room. A few minutes earlier, I\u2019d
Black And White Americans View Historical Events Very Differently A new study shows how you categorize important events is shaped by your race, as well as your age.
Mylan Launches EpiPen Generic At $300 Per Two-Pack The discount comes after a government investigation into EpiPen's 2008 price hike.
10 Ways To Help Beat The Holiday Blues Do what is best for you.
Rural Opioid Use Is Driving A Spike In Babies Born With Drug Addiction The most vulnerable rural patients face a \perfect storm of barriers\ to good health.
Introducing A new way to cover health.
Why Talking About Death Is Healthy As a physician I have witnessed, touched and grappled with death. I have fought to bring my patients back to life, and I
Excessive Holiday Drinking Isn't Just Bad For Your Liver The more we drink, the smaller our brains get. Really.
Dear Fear Of Missing Out (FOMO) Dear Fear of Missing Out (FOMO), At one time in my life, I felt the surge, the deep and difficult weight, of you constantly
Here Are 4 Myths About Diversity In Science What makes diversity initiatives fail, and how to fix them.
Telemedicine No Less Effective Than In-Person Therapy For Vets With PTSD \u201cWe can now save the travel time and bring the treatment right to them.\
Zika Virus Continues To Replicate In Newborns' Brains, Study Finds This explains why Zika virus can have a devastating impact on babies, even when their mothers had only mild illnesses.
Nike Just Made So Much Fun Of Your Internet Habits, You'll Actually Work Out \Opinion about a thing. Hashtag about the opinion. Opinions about the opinion. A hashtag about the hashtag. Seven different consecutive hashtags about the opinion.\
This GIF Sums Up The Impact Of Addiction And Mental Illness On America Over the past 20 years, deaths related to substance abuse and mental illness have increased by over 1,000 percent in some areas.
Reminder It's time to put this dangerous myth to rest.
Jeff Sessions Should Support Gun Violence Research Regardless Of His Beliefs A bipartisan research push could serve everyone.
That STI App On Your Phone Might Not Be Giving You The Best Health Advice It could have harmful and inaccurate information about sexual health.
Pets Can Be Life-Changing For People Living With Severe Mental Illness Many with long-term illnesses say pets are among their closest relationships.
Language Matters We\u2019ve come a long way over the last few decades in understanding mental illnesses, and in shedding misconceptions and stigmas
4 (Counter-Productive) Healthy Habits That Are Preventing You From Long-Term Weight Loss When it comes to building a healthier version of yourself, making changes within your life is a necessity. But as with most
WHO Urges Trump To Expand, Not Repeal, Obamacare \This would be a setback if people would lose coverage.\
Why Doctors Need To Show More Empathy To Their Patients There's a big difference between empathy, sympathy and compassion.
Without Primary Health Care, There Is No Universal Health Coverage Everyone, everywhere deserves access to high-quality and affordable health care. The global community showed its dedication
Yes, I Gained Weight. No, It's None Of Your F#@king Business. I don\u2019t need your comments. I don\u2019t need your judgement. Because I am just fine.
Okay...THAT Happened. Now What? 
Missing Just 2 Hours Of Sleep Quadruples Your Risk Of A Car Accident QUADRUPLES.
Heart Problems Tied To Increased Risk Of Suicide \We should be careful about the management of depression after a heart attack.\
Florida No Longer Has Any Active Zika Virus Transmission Zones There have been no new cases of local transmission in South Miami Beach for more than 45 days.
Heroin Deaths Topped Gun Homicides Last Year, Depressing CDC Data Shows \I don\u2019t think we\u2019ve ever seen anything like this. Certainly not in modern times.\
E-Cigarette Supporters Push Back On Surgeon General's New Vaping Report Critics claim that vaping is an important harm reduction tool.
U.S. Life Expectancy Falls As More People Die From Illnesses The worrisome decline is the first in more than two decades.
Crucial Steps To Healthy Hospital Stays In the end, we make our situations what they are. Instead of sinking into my hospital bed and losing myself in the process
Can Light Treatment Help People With Chronic Pain? This was the key question our study asked. \u00a0But before we could even ask this question we had to answer another question
Travel Tips For Those With Disabilities With the holiday season upon us, it is important that travelers with disabilities receive equal treatment under the law. While
What Not To Say When Someone Opens Up About His Or Her Mental Illness This list (as seen with responses here) is for the sake of the remnants of mentally ill people\u2019s sanity, so please do not
Are Fresh Or Frozen Vegetables Best For Winter Stew? They're both equally nutritious.
6 Expert-Backed Productivity Tips To Help Nail Your To-Do List Because who doesn't want more time in their day?
Prince William Says What We're All Thinking About Work Stress Not taking mental health seriously can affect a company's bottom line.
Doctors Repeatedly Overprescribe Antibiotics And Narcotics \u201cWe need to start concentrating on high-value care.\
Why The 2-Million Pound Ready-To-Eat Chicken Recall Is Extra Risky Customers are less likely to heat the product enough to kill bacteria.
Many Doctors Are As Confused As You Are About Food Allergies Welp.
The Amazing Way This NFL Team Just Stepped Up For Mental Health This time with footwear.
Bullet Holes In Dietary Guidance In case you missed it, the Center for Science in the Public Interest\u00a0\u2015 with a long and illustrious history of doing just
7 Daytime Habits That Are Sabotaging Your Sleep Do you face the sun each morning?
This Spin Class Makes You Feel Like You're Soaring Through Space This is how exercise should be done.
Men's Mental Health Demands Male Friendship I've represented hundreds of men over the past 17 years in family court and one of the biggest lessons I've learned is how
My Story Of Surviving 40 Years With HIV This Dec. 1, World AIDS Day, marked the beginning of my 40th year of living with HIV. I use this day as the ceremonial start
To Our Lost Loved Ones To all those we have lost... and to all those facing the holidays without a loved one. You were here. A smiling version of
How To Break A Bad Habit -- For Good Have you ever tried to break a bad habit, only to give up in frustration? The problem isn't that you're weak or that the bad habit is too ingrained; in all likelihood, you just gave up too soon.
PTSD 
Pectoralis Muscle, Tendon Tear 
Coming Out Of The Mental Health Closet This article first appeared on the blog of Intentional Insights, a nonprofit organization that empowers people to refine
We\u2019ll Remember Cuba\u2019s Ebola Compassion Long After Castro\u2019s Death An overdue bravo for its medical personnel.
Trader Joe's Recalls 2 Kinds Of Hummus In 30 States Maybe make it a guac night.
How The Trump Administration Could Hurt The Pharmaceutical Industry The President-elect's \vicious\ Tweets have business leaders on edge.
Rural Cambodia Uses Guppy Fish To Fight Mosquito-Transmitted Dengue Villagers keep the guppies in barrels of water used for cleaning and cooking.
Demi Lovato Expertly Slams The Shame Surrounding Mental Illness \u201cYou have to take care of yourself.\u201d
Get Stressed. Eat. Repeat. How We Can Break Stress Eating Habits Simply By Paying Attention. \u201cI gained insight today relating to the correlation my exercise routine and my eating patterns,\u201d she posted on our online
Exercise May Help Protect Against Cognitive Decline BRB, hopping on the treadmill.
Misophonia Is Much More Than Sound Rage A disorder callously dubbed \u201cSound Rage\u201d by media, misophonia has received marginal attention. Most stories follow a similar
My Millennial Manifesto I\u2019m sick and tired of reading the same old reports on the millennial generation. \u201cMillennials are entitled. They\u2019re too sensitive
Quiet Black Girls \u2014 And How We Fail Them This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I\u2019m not a scientist\u2014I am a practitioner of public education as an administrator
Some Teenagers Recreated Martin Shkreli's Crazy-Expensive Drug For $20 They called the project \Breaking Good.\
Watch Prince Harry And Rihanna Get Tested For HIV Together The message
12 Hilarious And Honest Cards That Sum Up Life With Anxiety These are too accurate.
Cancer Patients Are Finding Anxiety Relief In Psychedelic Mushrooms \u201cIt helped him and both of us live life fully up until the very end,\u201d said a woman who lost her husband to the disease.
Doctors, Don't Let Trump's Tweets Distract You From Fighting For Medicare And Medicaid Like many Americans coping with an approaching Trump administration, I have enjoyed clever political jokes and cartoons at
Ending AIDS By Susan Blumenthal, MD, MPA It was unusual 30 years ago for a world-famous movie star to fight for a health issue in the
Brexit Could Make It Harder For British People To Access Their Meds \That\u2019s just not something we can play around with.\
Opiates Are Threatening To Undo 3 Decades Of HIV Progress But clean needle exchanges could help.
'Gilmore Girls' Tackles Therapy In The Most Heartwarming Way Take note, Hollywood.
Stephen Hawking's PSA About Obesity Should Be Required Viewing Listen up.
3 Ways To Stay Stress-Free During The Holidays As the holidays approach, it\u2019s very easy to get caught up in the madness. All of a sudden there\u2019s a whirlwind of things to
7 Workout Rules You Can Totally Ignore For SELF, by Emily Abbate. They're right up there with texts from your ex. There are few feelings better than the one you
Should International Students Still Be Worried About Zika? News stories about Zika have died down in the face of intense election coverage, but that doesn\u2019t mean that any potential
PSA A friendly reminder from science that the flu vaccine isn't linked to autism.
Highly Contagious Bird Flu Outbreak In Japan Prompts Officials To Kill 300,000 Chickens And Ducks This is the country's first bird flu outbreak in nearly two years.
Always Missing Deadlines? Your Childhood Could Be To Blame. Psychologists find that inconsistency in childhood routines may have negative effects in the long run.
Five Simple Ways To Become A Morning Person It's easier than you think.
Why Fewer Americans Say They Want To Lose Weight Obesity rates are still rising.
Texas Woman Has The State's First Locally Transmitted Case Of Zika Virus It's not just in Florida anymore.
This Is How To Actually Help A Friend Who Is Grieving Because clich\u00e9 statements are never enough.
How To Have A Stress-Free Holiday Season The true meaning of Christmas often gets lost in the hustle and bustle of the seasonal obligations.
Suicide And Stigma By Victor Schwartz M.D., Chief Medical Officer, JED and Dan Reidenberg Psy.D., Executive Director, Suicide Awareness Voices
Declines In Dementia In this season when we are meant to be thankful, but when so many of us have had so many reasons to be otherwise, we have
Why Your Journey Is Worth Experiencing Why do we so easily pass the moments that require our attention?
Making A Big Life Change Was Easy. Being Patient Is The Hard Part. Remember the screeching beeps of dial-up internet? Remember driving to Blockbuster to rent a movie? Or leaving a message
Real, Loved And Wanted Due date
A World Without Cancer What do Ken Burns and Valerie Simpson have in common? They are both highly accomplished, creative and articulate individuals
When The Doctor Becomes The Patient \I\u2019ve never seen this before\u201d is never something you want to hear.
Body Image vs. Self Image 
Lessening The Restrictions On Medical Intern Work Hours Is Not Progress On November 4th, the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME), the governing body that regulates United
4 Things You Should Never Say To Someone Struggling With Depression Depression is more than simply \u201cfeeling sad\u201d or being upset. Rather, depression is a serious mental illness that impacts
The Best Holiday Survival Guide Ever For Introverts I\u2019m an introvert and an idealist. That means that I love the holiday season and the idea of holiday gatherings. I often want
Emotionally Intelligent Husbands Are Key To A Lasting Marriage By Kyle Benson In a long-term study of 130 newlywed couples, Dr. John Gottman discovered that men who allow their wives to
Dealing With Grief During The Holidays My husband and I attended a memorial service during the week of Thanksgiving. It was tough on both of us in different ways
10 Tips For Living And Dealing With Anxiety In Relationships And Families If someone you love is struggling with any sort of anxiety, be sure to listen and validate their feelings.
How To Get Drunk The Healthy Way This Holiday Season Because of my company I've spent a lot of time learning about being healthier about including alcohol in my lifestyle. Here's my top ten list for how to get drunk as healthily as possible.
Here's Why Skipping Meals To 'Make Room' For Thanksgiving Will Backfire Yikes.
Have A Food Coma? Blame Salt And Protein. There's more to the story than just overeating.
Dementia Rates Might Be Decreasing, And Scientists Have No Idea Why Education may have something to do with it.
The Impact Of Zika On Asian Countries May Be Graver Than We Thought \u201cZika is Zika until proven otherwise. We assume that all Zikas are equally dangerous.\
Sexist Men Are More Likely To Have Mental Health Problems, Study Finds They're also less likely to seek help.
Yo-Yo Dieting Is Dangerous, Especially For Normal Weight Women Weight fluctuations are linked with an increased risk of dying of coronary heart disease.
CDC Removes Zika Travel Warning From Northern Part Of Miami Beach But that doesn't mean Miami Beach is free of the virus.
How To Feel Happy When It's Pitch Black Out Morning And Night Here's what you told us works.
Women Have ALWAYS Lived Longer Than Men The male-female longevity gap existed in historical times, too.
Your Diet App Might Be Missing Key Information A little food for thought.
9 Tips For Getting A Good Night's Sleep In Any Guest Bedroom Fear not the sinking futon.
The 'Juice' In Pre-Packaged Salad Greens May Encourage Salmonella Growth The next time you pick up salad from the store, check to see if it's collecting water at the bottom of the bag.
What To Do If You Get A Thanksgiving 'Food Hangover' Here's how to deal when you overdo it.
8 Expert-Backed Ways To Make Your House Guests Feel Welcome AKA how to be the best host ever.
This Fitness Trend Has You Crawl Like An Infant For Stronger Muscles Not the most conventional exercise move.
WHO Declares End Of International Zika Emergency Still, the virus remains a threat.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing And Sleep Apnea Can Affect Pregnancy Bringing a child into the world is a beautiful, amazing experience to be part of and no easy task, placing great physical
Your Office Has A Microbiome, And It Might Make You Sick By Zo\u00eb Schlanger for WIRED. I worked for a number of years, like many people, in an office building with windows that did
Coping With The Holidays After Losing Your Partner The holidays often seem depressing to us because they don\u2019t look how they\u2019re supposed to. And to those of us who have lost
Why I Choose To Embrace Failures Leadership Guru Peter Drucker says, \u201cThe better a man is, the more mistakes he will make, for the more new things he will
How Reversing My Weight Loss Surgery Changed My Life I first learned about bariatric (weight loss) surgery when I was 19.
Finally, Answers To The Shower vs. Bath Debate Lather, rinse, repeat.
A Griever's Guide To Thanksgiving There are as many right ways to grieve as there are grieving people.
Americans Agree Trump has promised to repeal Obamacare, but Americans want cheaper prescription drugs and access to more doctors.
How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up -- Or Down This article first appeared on QuietRev.com In her book How Women Decide
7 Very Good Reasons To Work Out That Don't Involve Weight Loss This goes way beyond the number stitched into your jeans.
There's No Room For Healthy Options In Food Pantries, Study Says A growing number of Americans rely on food pantries for some or all of their meals.
British Teenager Cryogenically Frozen After Dying From Cancer The girl won a historic ruling to preserve her body shortly before her death.
Emergency Department Workers Face High Stress, Burnout Job burnout can have serious consequences.
Grief It was snowing lightly when I heard the news. It was the kind of snow that melts as soon as it touches your clothing, and
Serving Up Discourse For The Holidays The table is set, the turkey is in the oven, and holiday d\u00e9cor nests \u201cjust so\u201d in every nook and cranny. It\u2019s a familiar
Just Like Falling In Love, We Can Form Friendships At First Sight By Cari Romm Ask any random collection of strangers what they look for in a friend, and odds are you\u2019ll get pretty similar
Concussions In Youth Sports Football icon Mike Ditka thinks concussions are enough of an epidemic to steer our children toward another, less dangerous
When 'Super Agers' Get Alzheimer's, They Don't Exhibit Any Symptoms Some older people show signs of Alzheimer's in the brain, but keep a sharp memory.
Here's Your Health To-Do List Before Trump Takes Office Don't panic just yet.
Untreated Depression Is A Growing Problem Among American Teens \u201cMany children do not tell their parents about their depressive symptoms, they may not even recognize them as such.\
Molecular Traces On Your iPhone Screen Reveal A Scary Amount Of Personal Information Scientists can determine your diet, drugs, cosmetics and whether you spend time outdoors from just a quick swab.
Worried About Spending Money? Blame It On Election Stress. At least it might be good for your bank account.
On Turning 30 With Spina Bifida Thirty years ago, this probably wasn\u2019t supposed to happen. The survival rate for kids like me wasn\u2019t that great. Now, it\u2019s
Stressed Out Over Trump Victory? Try Cleaning Out Your Freezer \Do something that gives you a temporary sense of having some control.\
Are You A Late Bloomer? The Careers Of Eminent Scientists Offer Hope Success is not always about age.
I Asked For A Massage And Got A Tiny Taste Of Prejudice I think about skin a lot more than most white people. I know that\u2019s a really weird statement, but it\u2019s true. Because my skin
The Alienation Of America's Best Doctors Doctors are hurting and they don't have the time to reach out.
Of Plate, State And The Calculus Of Hope In my customary purview- nutrition, public health, disease prevention- I have had cause to lament periodically the apparent
3 Major Health Problems That Disproportionately Affect Vets It's not just PTSD.
Kevin Pierre-Louis Is Tackling Depression Stigma By Sharing His Own Experience Bravo.
Here's A Major Health Reason To Get Outside During The Wintertime Sunshine can do wonders for your mood, according to new research.
There\u2019s No Such Thing As \u2018Wine Drunk\u2019 Or \u2018Tequila Drunk\u2019 \u2014 It\u2019s All One Drunk By Cari Romm History has given gin a bit of a bad rap. In 18th-century England, as Eater explains in its history of the spirit
This Is Why We Don't Have More Neanderthal Genes Natural selection helped weed out the most harmful Neanderthal DNA.
How To Heal Fractured Relationships With The Trump Voters In Your Life And how to recognize when to walk away.
Zika Appears To Affect Women More Than Men And it's not for the reason you might think.
5 Strategies To Help Introvert Parents Maintain Their Sanity This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Marzi, otherwise known as Introvert Doodles, is our newest contributor! Watch
Your Election Day Selfie Is Probably Making You Happier (Seriously) Permission to Instagram the hell out of your sticker.
If You\u2019ve Been Having Election Nightmares, You\u2019re Not Alone It's totally normal.
This Might Be Why The Election Is Driving You To Drink Science has the answer.
The Strange Reason Women Get Chikungunya More Than Men Mosquitos are really lazy.
Here's The Best Advice For Conquering A Fitness Goal From marathoners who actually did it.
Turns Out, Faking A Smile Might Not Make You Happier After All Researchers couldn't replicate a famous experiment from the 1980s.
Panicking? Election Day 'Meditation Flash Mobs' Are Here For You Because we could all use a little more Zen on Nov. 8.
You Should Be Angry About This Election -- And Express It But there's a healthy way to do it.
Kim Kardashian Gets Refreshingly Honest About Her Anxiety This sounds all too familiar.
Rocking The Vote In the primaries, supporters of both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders had something in common. They were motivated by their
Family Loses Third Son To The Heroin Epidemic If this story is not proof that our country is in the midst of an epidemic, what more will it take?
The First Cases Of Drug-Resistant Fungus Candida Auris Found In The U.S. It's already been linked to four deaths.
My Daughter Had Polio Our lives will never be the same.
13 Questions That Will Change Your Life Life, like business, runs on questions, not answers. Let's take a closer look at some of the tough questions we should be asking ourselves regularly.
The Reason You Feel Just A Little Lonely All The Time And what to do about it.
All The Ways This Election Is Messing With Your Brain And Body Thanks for the info, science!
Harry Potter Yoga Is The Witchy Workout You've Been Waiting For Downward Fluffy beats downward dog every time.
High School Kids Probably Know More About Nutrition Than You Do #Nocheating
The Health Reason You Might Want To Enjoy Pot And Wine Separately Using alcohol and marijuana together may put you at risk for alcohol-related problems.
5 Reasons The 2016 Election Feels So Personal It's not just the candidates.
Kids' Genes May Influence Whether Food Advertising Makes Them Overeat The U.S. food industry spends $1.79 billion on marketing foods to children each year.
Zika Infections Double In Vietnam The country also confirmed its first microcephaly case.
Should You Vote For A Soda Tax This November? Science Says Yes What Berkeley and Mexico can teach the rest of us.
Men From The South Are More Likely To Die From Smoking-Related Cancers Local smoking laws can make a huge difference.
Abortion By Prescription Now Rivals Surgery For American Women Women who ask for the medication prefer it because they can end a pregnancy at home, with a partner, in a manner more like a miscarriage.
Zika Virus May Affect Male Fertility, According To Study On Mice The finding needs to be corroborated in human beings.
Zayn Malik Gets Candid On Why He Chose To Talk About His Anxiety Nailed it.
One In Seven Children Breathes Air So Filthy It Can Damage Their Brain \u201cAir pollution affects poor children the most.\
'Cellulite Saturday' Is Our Favorite New Instagram Initiative Kenzie Brenna does not want your cure for her cellulite.
I Still Stumble Over The Question, How Many Children Do You Have? One thing is certain, I still stumble over the question when people ask, \u201cHow many children do you have?\u201d I dread the decision
10 Uncomfortable Deeds That Will Pay Off Forever Peak performance and discomfort go hand in hand. Stepping outside of your comfort zone makes you better, and it doesn't have to be something as extreme as climbing Mount Everest.
Is Screening The Solution To A Down Syndrome Problem? NHS to offer safer Down syndrome test October is Down Syndrome Awareness Month. For weeks the web was flooded with beautiful
3 Words To Describe Women Using IVF (And 'Desperate' Isn\u2019t One Of Them) This needs to change.
5 Steps To Really Get Rid Of That Stress It happens to everyone
Coming Out As A Postpartum Anxiety Sufferer These feelings don\u2019t come with labels. They just invade our sense of safety, self and even sanity without permission or warning.
When It Comes To UTIs, It's Time To Move On From Cranberry Cures At least it still tastes good in mixed drinks.
Are Americans Really Saying No To Drugs? In the recent years, the United States has struggled greatly over illicit drug use. In 2013, an estimated 24.6 million Americans
When Someone You Know Refuses To Get Treatment Do you have someone in your life who has major depression or bipolar disorder and refuses to get professional treatment? This
13 Things Mentally Strong People Don't Do It's fascinating how mentally strong people set themselves apart from the crowd. Where others see impenetrable barriers, they see challenges to overcome.
Even The Military Is Sick Of EpiPen's Price Hikes They get a discount, but the Pentagon paid retail prices for the EpiPen for years.
The First Year Home May Be Most Dangerous For Vets\u2019 Mental Health \Stigma remains pervasive in society and many veterans still do not seek help when needed.\
5 Ways To Take Care Of Yourself This Weekend Because you deserve it.
This Pregnant Muay Thai Fighter Is Still Kicking Butt At 39 Weeks This woman is exercise goals.
Gene Study Clears 'Patient Zero' As Cause Of U.S. HIV Epidemic Scientists have long suspected that HIV had been circulating in the U.S. for a decade before the first few AIDS cases were identified in Los Angeles 1981.
High-Potency Weed Doubles Risk Of Dependence, New Research Says Early research indicates that high-THC marijuana may contribute to problematic use.
On A Diet? Kick That Diet Soda Habit Once And For All Water beats diet soda for weight loss, and in other news the sky is blue.
Stressed Out At Work? Here's How To Find Your Center With Just 3 Minutes Of Breathing How to chill even when you have 100 unread emails.
How Our New Relationship With Cuba Will Improve Americans' Health Cuba has excelled at population health, even with modest resources.
Jenna Bush Hager Reminds Americans That Vaccines Are A Privilege \I\u2019m pretty sure that in the world\u2019s most vulnerable places, these moms wouldn\u2019t even think twice.\u201d
The Science-Backed Reason To See Your Therapist In The Morning Your daily hormone cycle plays an important role.
Young Football Players' Brains Change After One Season A small study of boys' brain scans before and after football season found changes to their brains' white matter.
St. Jude Heart Devices Can Be Hacked, Experts Say Cardiac implant attacks could potentially be life-threatening.
There\u2019s A Reason It Seems Like Rich People Are Completely Ignoring You Because they are.
Heavy Marijuana Use May Be Bad For Your Bones Regular weed smokers experienced more bone fractures than people who'd never smoked.
How To Emotionally Recover From The Election This election season has been extremely charged and emotionally taxing across the board. With the end in sight, I am seeing
If You Were Wondering What Those Teal Pumpkins Mean... The Teal Pumpkin Project was started by a local mom in Tennessee before Food Allergy Research and Education (FARE) expanded
New Study Shows We Are What We Tweet When It Comes To Health And Happiness Researchers mapped the happiest, healthiest tweets around the nation.
This Surprising Treatment May Address Back Pain The placebo phenomenon is real.
Why It's Important To Meet Kids On Their Own Terms This article first appeared on QuietRev.com One in five million children is born a prodigy, meaning she or he will reach
HPV Vaccines Just Got Much More Convenient Hopefully this will make it easier for parents to get their kids the shots they need.
The Surprising Reason Some Foods May Trigger Migraines Some migraine-triggering foods -- like processed meats -- contain nitrates.
Biden's Final Cancer Moonshot Report Pushes To Bolster Research Joe Biden says he'll devote the rest of his life to working on the moonshot.
This Groundbreaking Algorithm Can Spot Sepsis Before Doctors Five ways artificial intelligence can improve our lives.
This Model's Eye Infection Is A Good Lesson About Bad Makeup Brush Habits Grab the soap, and don't share your makeup brushes.
Childhood Fears Vs. Adult Fears, In 4 Hilarious Comics There are some worries you just don't outgrow.
What Color Should My Pee Be? Your go-to pee source has arrived.
Science Says This Trick Can Help You Beat Jet Lag Read this before the next time you cross time zones.
In Donald Trump's America, People Like Marlee Matlin Are Worthy Of Mocking This is unacceptable. And it disparages a lot of people who vote.
What Women Need To Know About Reproductive Coercion Women may not know that sometimes pregnancy can be abusive.
Scientists Agree This Is The Most Effective Diet For Weight Loss It\u2019s so simple, but studies show it makes all the difference.
Florida Declares New Zika Transmission Zone In Miami After Five Local Cases Surface The area is about one square mile.
More American Women Expect To Have Children In The Future Get ready for a spike in births.
There\u2019s Nothing Chic About Moschino\u2019s Prescription Pill-Themed Collection Just say no.
Big Soda May Be Messing With Our Most Trusted Health Organizations Will we ever learn?
10 Times The Internet Threw A Fit About Getting A Cold \Not sure if it's cold or flu or I'm dying.\
Like Many Robbery Victims, Kim Kardashian West Is Traumatized Research on other robbery victims lines up with Kim\u2019s experience.
20 Stunning Photos That Prove You Can Do Yoga Just About Anywhere These are unreal.
WHO Says All Countries Should Tax Sugary Drinks To Curb Obesity A 20 percent tax could reduce the consumption of sugary drinks by the same proportion.
The Definitive Answer On Whether It's Safe To Hold In Your Pee How long before urine trouble?
Prince William And Duchess Kate Make The Best Mental Health Team \Mental health is not a dirty word.\
Patients' Diarrhea Risk Is Linked To The Person Who Had Their Bed First Antibiotics can change both the patient and the hospital environment.
These Comics Nail What It's Really Like To Live With Depression And Anxiety The drawings are relatable for everyone.
Is It Ever Ok To Take Health Advice From A Celebrity? Not unless he or she is backed by a reputable health source.
Why I Had To Lose My Career To Save My Mental Health I've learned that it's OK not to have the career I thought I once deserved. What I actually deserve is a healthy, happy, fulfilled existence.
What Sustains You? Set up boundaries
What High Functioning Anxiety Really Feels Like \It's silent anxiety attacks, hidden by smiles.\
Will Spending $200,000 On A Bed Really Help You Sleep? Maybe -- but not for the reason you would think.
Most U.S. Dermatologists Receive Money From Drug Companies While some doctors take major money from industry, most get less than $50 per year.
Introverts Win Gold Medals Too This article first appeared on QuietRev.com The world\u2019s biggest stage\u2014the Olympic Games. To medal, especially gold, is to
This Rare Gene Mutation Makes Some People Crave Fatty Foods Learning more about the genetics of food preference could help scientists develop appetite-suppressing drugs.
A Letter To The Doctors And Nurses Who Cared For My Wife After his 34-year-old wife suffered a devastating asthma attack and later died, the Boston writer Peter DeMarco penned the
Beyonce Shares A Sweet Trick For Powering Through A Hard Workout This is what goes through Bey's mind at the gym.
Penn State Kicker Reminds Us Men Have Eating Disorders, Too Men with eating disorders are speaking up.
What We Can Learn From Uganda About Raising Science Literate Kids By teaching critical thinking skills early, we can stop a lot of nonsense before it begins.
Tim Kaine Among Growing Number Of Americans Against The Death Penalty This is a big change from the '90s.
Johnson & Johnson Warns That Their Insulin Pump Can Be Hacked While the risk is low, someone could break into the pump to overdose someone on insulin.
Flint\u2019s Water Crisis Is Even Affecting Hand Washing And residents are getting sick.
Tracy Anderson Reminds Us We Need Very Little To Get Fit Get in shape with the celebrity trainer without all the bells and whistles.
Kids Who Get Alternative Medicine May Be Less Likely To Get Flu Shot Some homeopathic medicine practitioners may have anti-vaccine views.
Spin Instructor Robin Arzon Explains Why Running Is Her Therapy A traumatic experience in college launched an exercise routine as good for the mind as it is for the body.
The Only 3 Things You Need To Do In Order To Meditate Dan Harris says everyone should meditate every day for five minutes.
Prince Harry Offers A Perfect Take On Vets Experiencing PTSD Now THIS is how you talk about mental health and the military.
Health Officials Blast Congress Delay Of Zika Emergency Funds They had to use funding earmarked for cancer and Ebola research to fight Zika in the U.S.
A Medical Journal Asked Both Candidates About Health Care. Guess Who Responded Not a trick question.
A Bad Body Image Day We would never keep friends if we talked to them like we talk to ourselves.
Practical Advice For Coping In The Aftermath Of A Tragedy Dr. Sameera Ahmed, Ph.D. is Director of The Family & Youth Institute; co-editor of \u2018Counseling Muslim
How My Autism Is Restoring My Faith In Humanity When I was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder at age 36, I understood perhaps for the first time that I was human.
How This Old T-Shirt Improved My Life, Over 30 Years Later At the time, I\u2019m sure I had absolutely no idea what it said.
How Autism Impacts My Life In Ways You Can't See You won\u2019t see tons of pictures of me out with family and friends on social media.
Don't Ask Me To 'Get Over' My History With Breast Cancer In our minds, it\u2019s never ever completely over.
Robin Williams' Widow Writes A Devastating Account Of His Final Year The actor suffered from Lewy body disease.
10 Fundamental Truths We Forget Too Easily It's surprising how easy it is to lose sight of the important things in life. Busy schedules and weekly routines have a tendency to put the brain on autopilot.
How You Feel On Monday Versus How You Feel On Friday, As Told In Comics It's an emotional roller coaster.
Massachusetts Is The Best Place To Live If You're A Woman A tale of two states.
Income Inequality Is Bad For All Children\u2019s Health Rich and poor, alike.
U.S. Officials Launch A Zika Travel Advisory For Southeast Asia Earlier this week, Thailand confirmed its first two cases of Zika-related birth defects.
Holiday Weight Gain Is Real No Matter What You Celebrate Festive eating in Japan, Germany and the U.S. all led to the same thing.
Florida Sees Second Local Dengue Case This Year The virus cannot be spread from person to person.
Twitter Is A Window Into What People Think About Heart Disease Researchers aren't exactly sure how they're going to use the information yet.
How Medical Tattoos Can Help People With Skin Grafts And Scars It's amazing what tattoo artists can accomplish.
Utah Zika Case Shows Physical Contact Can Spread The Virus But it's VERY unusual.
Cheap Drugs May Have Turned This Indian Lake Into A 'Superbug Hotspot' Drug-resistant bacteria are a growing threat to modern medicine.
New 'Artificial Pancreas' Could Seriously Improve Life For Diabetics This will mean a whole lot fewer finger pricks for people with type 1 diabetes.
Mom, I Got My Attitude From You (And That\u2019s Not A Bad Thing!) This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Dear Mom, The big question appalled and surprised parents often ask their child
Why Kim Kardashian West Wants You To Become A Bone Marrow Donor Are you signed up to be a bone marrow donor
Tyson Chicken Recalled Over Possible Hard Plastic Contamination Yikes.
A Happy Spouse Might Mean Better Health Well this is win-win.
Check Your Privilege Before Talking About Obesity And Personal Responsibility Many people's realities make lifestyle reform a nearly impossible luxury.
Here's How Food Safety Experts Test Factories For Listeria It's not clear where Kellogg may have found Listeria in its Eggo waffle facility.
Your Poop Contains Clues About Your Obesity Risk This may explain why obesity runs in families.
10 Calming Quotes To Read If The Debate Has You Stressed Out A very special #MotivationMonday
The Reality Of The Emotions Of Grief Society tends to believe that grief makes you sad. If only grief was this simple. If you have lost someone you love, you
The Unnerving Way Scientists Rationalize Taking Big Soda\u2019s Money A Slate essay is a scary window into the relationship between scientists and soda companies.
Costco And Sam's Club Recall More Than 8,000 Pounds Of Ham One consumer found pieces of rubber in the product.
Most MacArthur 'Geniuses' Live In California Or New York Creativity's migration story, mapped.
Stress Can Cancel Out The Benefits Of 'Healthy' Fat Good fat, bad fat? It might only matter if you chill out.
It Might Be Time To Break Up With Your Tampon First of all, they are expensive.
Drug-Resistant Gonorrhea Strain In Hawaii A First For U.S. \u201cOur last line of defense against gonorrhea is weakening.\
Blue Bell Recalls Ice Cream In 10 States Over Listeria The products affected contain chocolate chip cookie dough pieces.
Pediatricians Say Codeine Is Not Safe For Children Both over-the-counter and prescription drugs can cause a fatal reaction.
Joe Biden Announces Next Steps In 'Cancer Moonshot' He wants to make it easier for patients to get into clinical trials.
Retro Disease Fighting Posters Make Public Health Cool Again Take that, malaria. \ud83d\udc4a
The Age Of The Superbug Is Already Here The U.N. is convening a landmark meeting this week on antibiotic resistance, but scientists are concerned the action may be too late.
Why Viruses Thrive On College Campuses \u201cPeople are definitely exposed to each other at a higher intensity\u201d in college dorms and other shared spaces.
How To Prepare For Your Doctor's Visit There are many blog posts written by patients that talk about ways to promote a relationship between patient and physician
3 Ways To Improve Your Self-Esteem Low self-esteem is not uncommon to many people. In fact, I would suggest more people suffer from a lower level of self
Prostate Cancer 1. Know the Facts Relevant to You For men at average risk, about one man in seven will be diagnosed with prostate cancer
The Stage IV Cancer Roller Coaster When diagnosed with cancer, you hope for a boring, run-of-the-mill, highly curable one. Yet many diagnoses pose both scientific
Stephen Burlingham Going Beyond Art for Youth with Cancer 
Learning To Say \No\ And \Yes\ To Heal Our Lives I used to not know how to say \u201cno\u201d to the people in my life\u2013my clients, my family and friends. I didn\u2019t want to disappoint
Marijuana May Alleviate America\u2019s Opioid Crisis, New Study Suggests In 2014, more than 14,000 people \u2015 nearly 40 per day \u2015 died from overdoses of prescribed opiates.
These Photos Prove There's No Shame In Women Having Facial Hair \u201cI may be hairy like a man but I'm still a queen.\
Sleep Deprivation Is Killing You And Your Career The next time you tell yourself that you'll sleep when you're dead, realize that you're making a decision that can make that day come much sooner. Pushing late into the night is a health and productivity killer.
Brain Cancer Is Now The Deadliest Form Of Cancer For Children Scientists have made huge strides creating treatments for leukemia, which used to be the most fatal pediatric cancer.
Study Confirms That Zika Virus Causes Brain Damage In Newborns These results are the \missing pieces in the jigsaw\ proving a causal link between Zika and microcephaly.
The 4-Word Phrase I Just Can't Stand This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Forget four-letter words. I can withstand most swears, even inventive ones, with
Very Few Health Conditions Should Disqualify You From The Presidency Are you alive? Will you be alive for the next four years?
Why You Shouldn't Fear Pesticides Used To Combat Zika The mosquito-borne virus is clearly the biggest threat.
Apple Emoji Finally Acknowledge That Women Work Out, Too A love letter to fit girls everywhere \ud83d\udcaa
EpiPen Prices Sting, But Who Should Carry One? The EpiPen, a pre-filled automated syringe used to treat serious allergic reactions, is the latest example of what happens
Hillary Doesn't Have A Chronic Illness, But Even If She Did... So What? To paraphrase Franklin Delano Roosevelt
The Sugar Industry Paid Scientists To Be On Its Side As Early As The 1960s Sweet.
Hospitals Jack Up Costs 'Strategically,' Study Finds Many hospitals charge more than 20 times the cost of services.
Journalist Who Was Infected With Zika Recalls His Unsettling Experience By Nick Brown SAN JUAN, Sept 12 (Reuters) - It began with what felt like a punch in the throat. I assumed it was irritation
The Dichotomy Of The American Sleep Deficit And How It's Affecting Productivity In a post-lunch haze, I sit at my desk going through a stack of papers that have been accumulating since the turn of the
5 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Becoming A Vegan Being a vegan is not a decision that should be made carelessly.
How I Overcame My Fear Of Alzheimer's Disease I used to be afraid of Alzheimer\u2019s. Petrified, actually. A First Meeting With Alzheimer\u2019s My first exposure to the disease
Run Safe, Run Smart It is always best to err on the side of caution.
What Is Health Literacy And Why Is It Important? Many years ago physicians were above all, they were not questioned nor doubted. They did not have to explain their recommendations
Why Being Alone (Sometimes) Is Good For Your Soul Sometimes it becomes too much, and we need a break.
17 Perfect Tweets For Anyone Struggling With Mental Health You deserve to feel happy and vibrant.
Transmuting The Curse Of Suicide Into A Blessing There are times when we all feel cursed by fate. A person who has experienced suicidal ideation knows this feeling well. That
What Can I Say When My Friend Is Grieving? Words. Words have the power to build us up and to tear us down. They bring joy and laughter, sometimes sadness, sometimes
New York To Allow Late-Term Abortions For Health At-Risk Women This marks an end to decades of confusion for patients and providers.
Want To Keep Medical Costs Down? Hit The Gym Consider this permission to splurge on that $40 bootcamp class.
30 Health Lessons I Learned Before Turning 30 I sometimes look back and think, \u201cHow did it go by so fast?\u201d
What Happened In East Liverpool Is Not Stigma -- It Is Discrimination Scare tactics don't work, haven't we learned that yet?
Break Free Of Social Media Triggers Fast! We all know the feeling. Boom. It happens so fast. We are casually glancing at a social media site, and the trigger enters
Warning By Danielle Fontana for NewBeauty If you\u2019re lactose intolerant, vegan or simply staying away from dairy, think twice before
How To Be Your Best Health Expert Maybe you know what you should be doing to get your health back on track. Then again, maybe you don\u2019t. Theories on how to
5 Nutritionist-Designed School Lunch Boxes 1. Oatcakes are a low glycaemic index (GI) food so will keep your child energised throughout the day and are fantastic source
Why Buying Organic Really Does Matter I\u2019ll admit being somewhat obsessed with nutrition and health, I delight in creating my grocery shopping list with foods I
Healthiest City In Every State 32. Ithaca, New York Premature death rate
The Introverted Kid's Illustrated Guide To Enjoying Slumber Parties 2) Let her bring board games or magazines to share. These provide a nice break from over-stimulating activities. I hope your
These Photos Show The Power Of Small Victories When Facing Depression Yes, even household chores are a feat.
Thanksgiving Flights To Miami Drop After Zika Detected In The City Flights and hotel bookings are down after news of the outbreak hit.
There\u2019s A Reason \u2018Humanely Raised\u2019 Meat Tastes Better Your mind is playing tricks on you.
If Anxiety Could Talk, Here\u2019s What It\u2019d Probably Say Me
Supporting The Bereaved Young Person When you lose somebody you love it can be very painful and may even have long term consequences. You may feel alone and lost
Why Taller People May Be Better At Judging How Far Away Things Are \If it\u2019s a true effect, it\u2019s a modest effect.\
Babies Given Antibiotics Are More Likely To Develop Eczema The association was stronger if patients received antibiotics more than once.
5 Ways To Support A Friend After Miscarriage As a recurrent pregnancy loss specialist, part of my job is to talk with my patients about their emotional as well as their
When Your Doctor Says No To succeed in this new era of painkiller regulation, you will need to be an engaged advocate for your own well-being.
6 Things I Do To Give My Body The Proper Nutrition It Needs It is fairly easy to get confused over what your body wants and what your body needs. For instance, your body needs carbohydrates
Why I Said Goodbye To Coffee And Wine It\u2019s a funny story, actually... I\u2019d been signing copies of my latest book, and was walking out of Politics and Prose when
3 Common Grief Sayings That Can Bring More Pain Than Comfort If you have lost someone you love, you know that there are no guidelines or instructions on how to get through your grief
How To Live A Life Without Regrets \u201cRemembering that I\u2019ll be dead soon is the most important tool I\u2019ve ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life
Why A Four-Day Work Week Is Not Good For Your Health A four-day week causes workers to squeeze more hours than usual into a day. For workers who are already prone to overwork, the additional burden of compressing five days into four could literally break the camel's - or worker's - back.
What The World\u2019s Healthiest Diets Have In Common It's not what you'd think.
Be Free From Chronic Back Pain With These 5 Tips Pay attention to your body and know what works for you.
When 'All Or Nothing' Means Life Or Death With the overwhelming majority of addiction treatment programs and recovery residences in this country demanding complete
The Paradox Of Suicidality Death is terrifying.\u00a0 In fact, the concept of death has led many a person to an all-out existential crisis. \u00a0Death is so
Here\u2019s What Gives Pools That Chlorine-y Smell (Spoiler That pre-swim shower? Not optional.
Suicide Prevention Awareness Month This past year, I lost two dear friends who were also two of the great loves of my life to suicide. Like most suicides, they
The Opioid Addiction Epidemic And The U.S. Surgeon General Last week, at my home address, I received a letter with a pocket card enclosed, from Vivek H. Murthy, MD, MBA, our current
How The Weasleys From The Harry Potter Books Helped Me Cope We, too, were living below poverty level and barely getting by, and we, too, lived in a world full of Malfoys.
6 Risk Factors And Solutions For Preventing Heart Disease Even if you make small improvements, you can still greatly improve your heart health.
Florida Finds First Local Mosquitoes With Zika Virus \This find is disappointing, but not surprising.\
Study Finds Strong Link Between Zika And Guillain-Barre Syndrome Guillain-Barre causes gradual weakness and in some cases, temporary paralysis.
Turns Out Running Doesn't Wreck Your Knees After All Rock on, runners.
4 Essential Tips To Remember When You Feel Homesick It will get better. Promise.
New Drug Clears Abnormal Brain Proteins Tied To Alzheimer's No word yet about whether or not the drug can relieve Alzheimer's symptoms.
More Teens Get Needed Vaccines In Blue States The difference in vaccination rates wasn't just for the HPV vaccines, either.
Ebola Can Stay In Survivors' Semen Way Longer Than Expected \u201cWith this study, we now know that virus may persist for a year or longer.\u201d
Tropical Smoothie Cafe Linked To 55 Cases Of Hepatitis A Contaminated strawberries are to blame. \ud83c\udf53
Earliest Human Cancer Found in 1.7-Million-Year-Old Bone The ancient toe from a human relative in South Africa could have important implications for modern medical research.
Zika Causes Deafness In About 6 Percent Of Cases A new complication for the babies of women infected during pregnancy.
Ebola Virus Lasts In Semen For Up To 565 Days Sexual transmission is a critical concern.
Karlie Kloss' Personal Trainer Chooses Sleep Over Workouts \Sleep more. I don\u2019t think anyone understands how important it is.\
Selena Gomez's Time Off Is Actually A Super Smart Move Take note, universe.
5 Ways To Be Present For Someone Who Has Lost Their Mother Often we want to help, but we don\u2019t know how.
EpiPen Alternatives Exist, And They May Be Cheaper In light of EpiPen's price hike, people are looking for other options.
Florida State University Uncovers Drugs That May Stop Zika Even better news? One of them is already on the market.
Trying To Stay Charged I went for a walk last week. But my fitbit wasn\u2019t charged. And then my wireless headphones weren\u2019t charged. Oh and then there
Healthy Aging Tips For 30-Somethings Taking care of yourself takes on a whole new meaning when you hit your 30s.
Doctors Report Increase In Parents Who Refuse To Vaccinate Their Kids Some doctors are refusing to treat families if the parents won't vaccinate.
Mylan Will Launch First Generic EpiPen At Half The Price After Outcry Over Price Hike The new product will cost $300 per two-pack.
This Is What It's Like To Try Out To Be A U.S. Open Ballperson It's either way harder or exactly as hard as you might think.
Who's Really Happier Getting old has some surprising perks.
FDA To Screen All Donated Blood For The Zika Virus \u201cThe transfusion of a pregnant woman with blood infected with the Zika virus could have terrible consequences.\
If It Is An Inherited Condition, Then Who Is To Blame? I describe the geneticist role as a puzzle solver.
There Will Be Life Again Acts of speech hold power. When I was approximately 23, a simple utterance reminded me of this. The ire coldness of the air
The Princess And The Pee Hans Christian Andersen\u2019s classic fairy tale is about a young girl whose sleep is disrupted by a pea tucked beneath a stack
BMI Chart It's incapable of measuring the most important health markers.
For Presidential Candidates, 70 Is The New 45 While we don't have all of their data, it's fair to say that they are both mentally sharper than the \average\ person with their chronological age, and from a health perspective, likely fit to be president.
I ON BEAUTY Chapter 21 
Love Is More Than Skin Deep I was 30 years old when I started to disappear, each day a little more \u2015 piece by piece. At first it didn\u2019t bother me that
Suffering From The Comparison Complex Remember that time you dropped a few pounds, felt really good about yourself and then you got on Instagram to take a photo
How To Avoid Gaining Weight On The Campaign Trail Getting votes is a priority, but preventing health problems should be a concern.
From Marathon Training To Training For Labor And Birth My goal is to be able to maintain just enough fitness to prepare my body to naturally sustain energy and endurance.
In A Creative Rut? Try Taking A Nap. It\u2019s 2 p.m. and I just woke up from a nap. No, it\u2019s not the weekend. And no, I\u2019m not on vacation. It\u2019s just a normal workday
Sometimes Just One Session of Therapy Can Be Enough Can a single session of psychotherapy be enough for some problems? An anthology by a distinguished group of therapists entitled
Vivek Murthy Sends A Letter About Opioids To Every Doctor In America Overdose deaths have quadrupled since 1999.
How Do EpiPens Work? Inside the lifesaving -- and increasingly expensive -- allergy drug.
Sarah Jessica Parker Has Perfect Mental Health Advice Take that, stigma.
It's Time To Take Politics Out Of Obesity libertarianism \u02ccl\u026ab\u0259\u02c8t\u025b\u02d0r\u026a\u0259\u02ccn\u026az(\u0259)m/ noun a laissez-faire political philosophy advocating only minimal state intervention
Sarah Jessica Parker Ends Mylan Partnership Over EpiPen Price Hike \I'm left disappointed, saddened and deeply concerned by Mylan's actions.\
Florida Governor Says U.S. Is Not Doing Enough To Fight Zika There are more than 40 confirmed Zika cases in the state and Gov. Rick Scott says more action is needed.
4 Things People Who Are Grieving Want You To Know The process is not one size fits all.
5 States Just Sued To Keep Discriminating Against Trans People Yes, seriously.
23 Thoughts Non-Runners Have On A Run \Do not stop to pet the dog. Do not stop to pet the dog.\
Turns Out Twins Really Do Outlive The Rest Of Us Twinning = winning \ud83d\udc6f
Mylan Executives Got Pay Increases As Price Of EpiPen Soared The company's CEO got a 671 percent pay hike.
This Pic Proves Simone Biles Is A Mere Mortal After All Some of the time at least...
Sleep Is The New Botox I don\u2019t understand why people get Botox injections\u2026 they invariably look like someone has snuck up behind them and pulled
Florida Finds Local Zika Case Hundreds Of Miles Away From Miami The virus also continues to spread in the Wynwood neighborhood of Miami.
U.S. Lawmakers Press Mylan On Sharp EpiPen Price Increases EpiPens, used to counter allergic reactions, dramatically increased in price this year.
New Study Pokes Hole In The Idea Of 'Healthy Obesity' Obesity may affect the way your genes are expressed.
5 Ways To Raise Healthy Eaters \u201cDr. Hyman, I\u2019m about to start your Eat Fat, Get Thin Plan, which is completely different from the way my family normally
The Science Behind Why Celebrities Like Ryan Lochte Tell Fibs Being a celebrity can make it even harder to tell the truth.
10 Golden Pieces Of Fitness Advice Courtesy Of Twitter Genius.
Hepatitis A Outbreak Linked To Popular Hawaii Sushi Chain Frozen scallops supplied to the restaurant have now been recalled in 3 states.
Oh Great, Your Smartphone Is Making You Physically Weaker Pokemon Go fans, listen up!
7 Olympian-Approved Ways To Eat Healthier Nutritionists working with Olympians share athletes\u2019 medal-worthy sports nutrition secrets that will work for you, too.
5 Things My Autoimmune Disease Taught Me About Life Ever been hit with a freight train of bricks? I\u2019m talking, all of a sudden and out of the blue?\u00a0 In March of 2016, life as
The Pain And Recovery Of A Miscarriage The anticipation was building \u2015 soon the day would arrive. It was another week of doctor\u2019s appointments to be sure that the
Postnatal Depression In Fathers I was walking across the medical centre car park when one of my patients called me over and suddenly asked \u201cDoc, can I
Why We Like Getting 'Likes' On Instagram A recent study might give us some hints as to what makes certain types of social media \u201csticky.\u201d
The Two Life-Changing Things I Learned From Having A Panic Attack Did you know a panic attack can feel like a heart attack? I didn\u2019t, but I do now.
These Underwater Yoga Photos Prove The Practice Is Truly Magical Be an actual mermaid \ud83d\udcab
Here Are 5 Reasons Why Introverts Make The Best Leaders When you think about a successful leader, I\u2019m sure a reserved, unassuming introvert is not what popped into your head. Studies
Here's How Many Calories 6 Summer Olympic Sports Burn A single event can torch anywhere from a handful to thousands of calories, but all athletes need high-quality fuel.
To Fight Zika Beyond Florida We Need Better Sex Education \u201cNever before has a mosquito-borne virus been capable of sexual transmission.\u201d
Is It OK To Stay On Vacation When A Loved One Dies? I\u2019ve always wanted to see South Africa\u2019s majestic wildlife and to truly be one with nature. Shortly after I started freelancing
When Sick People Don't Look Sick Enough, They Must Be Faking It You can be chronically ill and still feel like cracking a smile once in a while.
9 Habits Of Highly Emotionally Intelligent People How much of an impact does emotional intelligence (EQ) have on your personal and professional success? The short answer is
The Olympic Hangover Is REAL Pushing your bedtime back -- even for Michael Phelps -- can have serious consequences.
Florida Governor Confirms Zika Transmission In Miami Beach \Expect more Zika infections in the days and months to come,\ CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said.
Speculating About Candidate Health Is Mudslinging, Not Medicine Dr. Drew's comments about Hillary Clinton are all kinds of wrong.
5 Reasons Getting In Shape Is Easier Than You Think We often make it much harder than it needs to be.
Researchers Uncover Brain Region Associated With Generosity This could be why some people learn empathy more quickly than others.
A Powerful Way For Introverts To Grow Their Productivity This article first appeared on QuietRev.com For a long time, I felt like I wasn\u2019t going anywhere. I had big goals as a writer
Locally Acquired Zika Virus Reportedly Spreads To Miami Beach Miami Beach attracted 15.5 million visitors last year.
EpiPen's 500 Percent Price Hike Leaves Patients Scrambling The EpiPen, an easy-to-use injectable shot filled with medicine that can stop a life-threatening allergic reaction, has increased
Kids' Behavior Linked To Moms' Acetaminophen Use During Pregnancy It's not clear how much acetaminophen the women took, nor how often they took it.
Mediterranean Lifestyle -- Not Just Diet -- Lowers Depression Risk Exercising and socializing are just as important as what you eat.
McDonald's Pulls Fitness Trackers From Happy Meals After Less Than A Week (UPDATED) That was fast.
Give Your Slouching Muscles A Little TLC With These Yoga Moves Straighten that posture.
Here's Why A Higher SPF Isn't Always Better What everyone gets wrong about sunscreen.
Can You Trick Your Body Into Burning More Fat? Low-carb, high-fat diets almost always lead to worse athletic performance.
Queer Teens Face A Shocking Amount Of Violence And Discrimination The author of a new report is calling for action.
7 Tips For Self-Acceptance Ever noticed how it\u2019s much easier to rattle off parts of yourself that you don\u2019t like than to list all the traits that make
7 Simple Habits You Can Adopt To Keep Fit After quitting smoking, practicing physical activities and good nutrition are the best things you can do to be healthy and
Back To School Means Back To The Doctor The doctor-patient relationship is one of the most important relationships we will ever have.
Diets, Doubts, And Doughnuts No, we are not, absolutely not, emphatically NOT clueless about the basic care and feeding of Homo sapiens. The fundamental
Making Friends With Death Gratitude is a practice. Befriending what we haven\u2019t chosen is also a practice.
5 Signs You Do The Dang Work Also known as \being Katie Ledecky.\
These Jobs Are Linked To The Worst Heart Health Some occupations make it harder to live a healthy lifestyle.
The Science Behind Michael Phelps\u2019 Game Face Did it help? An investigation.
Florida May Be The Worst State In Which To Get Pregnant Now Short on women's health resources, long on Zika virus.
Puerto Rico Zika Crisis Prompts Public Health Emergency Declaration Puerto Rico has an estimated 10,690 confirmed cases of Zika, but there may be even more.
Zika Could Be Spreading Beyond Miami's Defined Transmission Area Officials are looking into a new confirmed Zika case outside the Wynwood neighborhood.
Allison Schmitt Proves Depression Doesn't Have To Hold You Back The Olympic champion is getting real about the disorder.
Is Michael Phelps' And Ryan Lochte\u2019s Rivalry A Good Thing? Rivalries motivate athletes to be better, but also create drama.
Sleeping At The Wheel Costs The U.S. A Shocking Amount Of Lives And Money It\u2019s time to wake up to the serious effects of drowsy driving.
Give Yourself The Gift Of Total Bliss With This Basic Yoga Move Trust us, you won\u2019t regret it.
Here\u2019s What Drives Olympians In Unpopular Sports Hint
The Olympics Isn't The Zika Virus Nightmare Experts Thought It Would Be So far, so good!
Waistlines Expand Significantly In The Past Decade As Obesity Grows Despite a national initiative to reduce obesity, the percentage of obese Americans has risen in the past ten years. In 2004
24 Odd Things That Happen When You Absolutely Love Running You've asked a doctor, \How long until I can run?\
What Feeling Overwhelmed May Be Telling You, And What To Do About It Recently, I had what felt like a minor landslide of overwhelm hit my life. \u00a0As a life and career coach, I work with clients
4 Healthy Ways To Deal With Stress Whether it\u2019s at work or home, we all get stressed out. Regular stress increases your risk of heart disease and stroke. Extremely
The Spellbinding Bond To Narcissists And Psychopaths \u2013 What's Happening In The Brain? Why did she stay? This is often the first question that comes to mind when someone hears of a bad outcome between a victim
9 Satisfying Stress Management Strategies What is now recognized as the #1 health threat in the United States? Stress. Studies show that 60% of Americans are moderately
Integrative Scientist Pizzorno 
7 Infections Athletes Could Get From Rio's Contaminated Waters The good news is that the percentage of athletes who will catch an infection is small -- less than 10 percent.
You Won't Believe How Many Calories Are In This Restaurant Dish And it's just an appetizer!
How American Bodies Have Changed Over Time We're heavier, not taller.
McDonald's Stops Using Antibiotic Chicken Faster Than Expected Let's give credit where credit is due.
Cara Delevingne Hopes Talking About Depression Will Help Her Fans \Emotions should be put first. It's the most important thing.\
3 Obstacles To Treating Chronic Pain These hurdles need to be eliminated.
Florida To Begin Aerial Spraying Of Insecticides To Control Zika The campaign will cover a 10-mile area that includes the active transmission hub.
For Students In Low-Income Schools, Fast Food Always In Easy Reach Food and tobacco habits start early.
Sorry Haters, But You Can\u2019t Stop Flossing Your Teeth Just Yet We hate to break it to you.
What Cheering For Bronze Medalists Says About Your Personality New research finds happier people appreciate the achievements of the runners-up.
Sorry, Meat Eaters. Vegetarian Diet May Be The Secret To Living Longer Want to live longer? Cut out processed meat.
CDC Issues Travel Warning About Miami Neighborhood With Local Zika Spread This is likely the first of several Zika virus mini-outbreaks the U.S. will see.
This Mom Is Fighting To Criminalize Drowsy Driving In Her State She wants to make other parents don't suffer a loss like hers.
An Ode To Michelle Obama, The Health Champ America Truly Deserves Please don't leave us.
Chuck Schumer Just Called Out The FDA's Major Food Safety Problem Delays in our current process put Americans at risk.
This Inspiring Fitness Model Lives Without A Working Heart \At night, when I'm going to bed, I'll plug my phone in, and then I'll plug myself in.\
5 Simple Yoga Poses To Soothe Your Aching Back Yoga can provide many benefits for people who are suffering from back pain\u2013it can help increase strength in the back and
Mental Illness And Violence Mental illness is not synonymous with being dangerous.
In Florida Zika Probe, Federal Scientists Kept At Arm's Length Florida has yet to invite a dedicated team of the federal government\u2019s disease hunters to assist with the investigation on the ground.
Florida Confirms First Locally Transmitted Zika One of these cases involves a woman and the other three involve men.
The Amount Of Light In Your Bedroom Could Up Your Obesity Risk Avoid artificial light at night.
No, You Don\u2019t Have To Have Celiac Disease To Have A Wheat Sensitivity A new study legitimizes wheat sensitivity -- and a blood test could change everything.
Florida Officials Find More Evidence Of Potential Local Zika Spread \u201cEvidence is mounting to suggest local transmission via mosquitoes is going on in South Florida.\
Our Sedentary Lifestyles Cost About 5 Million Lives A Year Physical inactivity also costs the global economy about $67.5 billion a year.
Take Some Time To Chill Out With These Blissful Yoga Moves Your stressful week has nothing on this sequence.
Daily Binge Watching Linked To Heightened Risk Of Blood Clot Deaths Hours spent watching TV is a pretty good way to see how sedentary you are.
Be Wary Of Studies That Deny Racial Bias In Police Shootings There's way too little data to make any conclusive claims on the topic.
Doctors Still Don't Know If Routine Skin Cancer Checks Are Safe Or Effective A new task force report eliminates the recommendation that patients do self-exams.
Why You Should Meditate While Lying Down \There\u2019s a different feeling that you have when you\u2019re lying down versus when you\u2019re seated upright.\
Demi Lovato Reminds Us The Election Stakes Are High For Americans With Mental Illness Lovato nails why it's important to vote for lawmakers who understand mental illness.
Why Comparing Yourself To Others Is Normal People's judgements of themselves are linked to their perceptions of others.
Depressed Patients Do Well With Cheaper Treatment There's a link between behavior and mood.
4 Benefits I Received When I Said Goodbye To Video Games I spent more hours occupied by the EA Sports Madden franchise than I care to admit.
Lessons Learned About Positive Psychology And Positive Education After three days at the International Positive Education Festival, attendees could not help but to feel renewed. First, Angela
Dream Eyes When we think of dreaming, we typically think of being in a different place \u2013 another state of consciousness, a dream world
Study Finds Drop In Prescription Drugs In Medical Marijuana States They also saw $165.2 million in Medicare savings.
Can STDs Be Transmitted Through Swimming Pools? An Expert Weighs In Splish, splash, STD?
7 Summer Activities To Keep You Busy Outdoors Soak up the sun while having fun!
Why Home Isn't A Place Right Now My home has lost its address and its front lawn. Home is simply
'You Look Great!' -- Life With A Traumatic Brain Injury Invisible injuries are often dismissed by those who don\u2019t truly understand.
Alcohol Is Even Deadlier Than You Think, Scientist Reminds Us If you've recently had a drink, we have some terrible news for you.
How The Traditional Nylon Toothbrush May Be Causing Your Gums To Disappear Because of the scare tactics, including graphic images of bad teeth, many have been pushed into over-brushing.
Florida Tests About 200 In The Search For Local  Zika Virus Infections Florida may be the first state to record a local Zika virus infection.
If These Charming Totoro GIFs Don't Convince You To Exercise, Nothing Will Exercise has never looked so cute.
Skinny And 119 Pounds, But With The Health Hallmarks Of Obesity A small group of thin patients who develop disorders typically tied to obesity pose a medical mystery and a potential opportunity for scientists.
Genetic Analysis Predicts Academic Achievement For The First Time Don't worry, we're not on our way to a \Gattaca\-style society.
Homemade Baby Food Isn't Necessarily Healthier Than Store-Bought Many recipes exceed the calorie recommendations for young kids.
An Apology Expert Analyzes The Explanation For Melania Trump's Plagiarism Sometimes, \I'm sorry\ isn't enough.
10 Ludicrous Things Republicans Have Actually Said About Health Go home, you're drunk.
Florida Zika Case Could Be First Local Transmission In U.S. There has yet to be a case of local transmission by mosquitoes in the continental United States.
Ali Krieger's Strategy For Taking Setbacks In Stride Never let stigma stop you from seeking help.
If You Have A Desk Job, You Need These Yoga Poses In Your Life Let go of your long day.
No, Mental Illness Does Not Lead To Terrorism Can we please stop making these damaging assumptions?
Gastrointestinal Outbreak Spreads Among Californian GOP Staffers At RNC Norovirus thrives in enclosed spaces.
How I Parent My Hypersensitive Son -- And Why There's Hope For Us Both This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Last week, eight rambunctious first-graders were dropped off at our apartment
Lifting Lighter Weights Is Just As Effective As Heavy Weights Just as long as you lift to the point of exhaustion.
Utah Reports Zika Infection In Person Who Cared For Man With Virus The caregiver had not visited a Zika-outbreak zone.
This Flowchart Explains New Guidelines On How To Get A Zika Test Just because you want one, doesn't mean you're going to get one.
7 Ways Your Height Affects Your Health Tall and short people have different likelihoods of cancer, injury and even longevity.
I Have Misophonia, And We're Being Exploited Disorders should not be cash grabs.
4 Lies Anxiety Told Me The scariest aspect of anxiety is its residency in my brain. It is not a darker side of me, or a reflection of me. It is
How To Sleep When Horrific News Becomes The Norm Seven tips to help you practice self-care amid chaos.
The Kind Flexitarian 
First Female-To-Male Sexual Transmission Of Zika Virus Reported In New York All previously reported cases of sexually transmitted Zika virus infections have been from men to their partners.
'Pok\u00e9mon Go' Catches High Praise From Health Experts The new game gets people off the couch and into the streets.
Pokemon Go Users Say They're Exercising More Because Of The App Well that's one way to get a workout.
Prince Harry Got Tested For HIV Live On Facebook The royal showed the world how quick and easy it is to get tested.
What Sanders' Endorsement Of Clinton Can Teach Us About Fighting Fair Rule No. 1
After His Wife's Death, This Man Worked To Put A Human Face On Drowsy Driving Phil Konstantin has been lobbying for drowsy driving awareness for almost two decades.
Here's Why People Find Pokemon Go So Irresistible It's a fantasy that you control.
Skin Cancer Risk For Freckly Red-Heads Equivalent To 21 Years In Sun Redheads need to be especially diligent about staying out of the sun.
Try These Simple Yoga Twists For An Instant Core Workout These give a whole new meaning to \twist and shout.\
U.S. Beer Brands Are Adding Nutrition Labels, So We'll Know What's Inside Our Brew It's one big step forward.
The Graveyard Shift Might Actually Turn You Into A Corpse Seriously, literally.
General Mills Recalls Betty Crocker Cake Mixes Over E. Coli Fears No illnesses reported to date from the products.
Why You Can Remember Every Word To 'Bye, Bye, Bye' Years Later The human brain is a fascinating machine.
How To Prepare Yourself For The Perfect, Stress-Free Vacation \u201cThis is not just an extension of your work from a different location,\u201d says Matthews. \u201cThe problem with feeling compelled
Stop Wetting Your Pants When You Cough Or Sneeze With This One Simple Tip It is COMMON to leak urine when you are coughing or sneezing, but that does not make it NORMAL.
3 Ways To Fight Overwhelm And Add Joy To Your Life Working moms are juggling more than ever before, and it means that we\u2019re also all feeling more overwhelmed than ever before
Utah Resident Becomes First Zika-Related Death In U.S. The exact cause of death was unknown, but the elderly resident was infected with Zika while traveling.
CDC Monitoring 320 U.S. Pregnant Women With Zika So far, seven babies have been born with Zika-related birth defects.
One Of Trump's Biggest Flaws Might Be What Gets Him Elected Our brains view unapologetic attitudes as powerful.
U.S. Scientists And Olympians Are Teaming Up To Learn More About Zika Virus The Olympic games are a great opportunity to learn more about Zika virus.
It Turns Out We Love Tipping For All The Wrong Reasons It's unfair and discriminatory, but it also serves our egos.
Why You Should Skip The 'Beach Reads' On Vacation This Summer Indulge in some academic journals or critically acclaimed fiction instead.
Your Brainwaves May Fall Into A 'Texting Rhythm' Texting is more than a \simple distraction.\
Looking For A High-Intensity Workout? Try This Yoga Routine Yep, you read that right.
Why Terrible News Really Might Keep You Up At Night Sleep data suggests that people lost sleep after the Brexit referendum.
Rio To Hand Out Condoms That Protect Both Olympians And The Amazon Rainforest These sustainably-produced condoms are headed for the Olympic Village.
Watch Prince William Eloquently 'Stand Up To Bullying' In New Video \It is our collective responsibility to be alert and to be ready to challenge the behavior we see around us.\
This Disorder Feels Like 'Being Awake Inside A Corpse' But for Julie Flygare, that's not the worst part of living with the disease.
Mountains, Prairies, Oceans, And Diets The United States is beautiful, from its mountains, to its prairies, to its oceans, whether placid on a given day, or white
3 Simple Steps To Restart Your Life Don\u2019t let your days roll by in the continual humdrum.
High-Levels Of Brain-Eating Amoeba Found At North Carolina Water Park The test results come a week after 18-year-old Lauren Seitz died from an amoeba she contracted at the park.
Cultivating the 4 C\u2019s of Mindfulness for Greater Peace, Poise and Personal Power \u201cMindfulness is the miracle which can call back in a flash our dispersed mind and restore it to wholeness so that we can
See How Fireworks Injuries Skyrocket On July 4th The Fourth of July always brings a slew of patients with fireworks injuries into ERs across the country. But it's not solely an Independence Day phenomenon. Federal researchers track data on those injuries year-round.
Everything You Need To Know About Choosing The Best Sunscreen Some products are better than others when it comes to protection from the sun.
Allow This Playlist To Push You Through A Fourth Of July Workout Let freedom (and your earbuds) ring.
After Losing Her Sister, This Woman Is Raising Awareness For Drowsy Driving \You think you can power through and get home, but we know in actuality, that's not going to cut it.\
Zika Is Forcing Uncomfortable Workplace Conversations Bosses and companies must balance health with privacy.
More U.S. Babies Born With Zika-Related Birth Defects Another lost pregnancy was also linked to the virus.
What The U.S. Could Learn From Cuba About Ending Zika The island nation has also nearly eliminated dengue fever.
8 Things Students With Chronic Stomach Problems Understand Talking about IBS doesn\u2019t make a great date conversation.
Secrets To Radiance With Kundalini Yoga BECOMING RADIANT \When you understand who and what you are, your radiance projects into the universal radiance and everything
Surviving Cardiac Arrest Could Depend On Your Gender \Traditionally women have not been treated as aggressively as men.\
New York Taxi Drivers Fight Drowsy Driving Rule City cabbies insist they know when to take a break.
Hey Procrastinators Here's something you probably aren't doing when you're not doing that other thing you're supposed to do.
Why You Shouldn't Rely On BMI To Assess Your Health Does it really tell you anything?
Here's How To Build Resilience, According To Science Don't let a challenge knock you down.
Having A College Education Linked To This Serious Health Risk The urban legend that smarter people are more likely to get brain tumors might have some truth to it.
Here's Why 'Brexit' Could Be A British Public Health Disaster From pandemic protection to food safety, Britons will lose.
What The Media Gets Wrong About Mental Illness We can do better.
What Selma Blair's 'Outburst' Teaches Us About Mixing Pills And Alcohol It's risky -- and common.
Zika Fears Prompt Searches For Abortion Alternatives, Study Finds The study indicates that women may be shying away from giving birth due to the possibility of birth defects.
The Cavaliers Had A Secret Motivational Tool. You Can Use It Too. It kept them focused on both the championship and the team.
Having A Tough Time Giving Up Control? This Guide Is Here To Help Leave your worries at the door.
Yogis Celebrate the Summer Solstice In NYC's Times Square Pull out your mat and find your inner peace.
Prince William Makes An Excellent Point About Mental Health \I really believe that a child\u2019s mental health is just as important as his or her physical health.\
The Music Of Strangers The barbarity of the Orlando club massacre casts a pall on our civilization. Yet, as many have said, what we need more
The Most Effective Way To Accomplish Your Goals Is To Be Happy Now where did I get such a wild idea? In Vishen Lahkiani's The Code of the Extraordinary Mind,\u00a0readers are exposed to what
7 Incorrect Statements To Make To A Depressed Person \But you're on medication. Shouldn't that help?\
Flint, Michigan Water Risks Will Be Long Term, EPA Warns The EPA pointed to numerous challenges as Flint tries to improve its water supplies.
The DNC Hack Reminds Us That Donald Trump Is Clueless On Health Care Shocking, we know.
Philadelphia Becomes First Major City To Tax Soda This could encourage other cities to start taxing soft drinks.
This Simple Menu Change Could Finally Get Us To Stop Overeating Turns out color-coding works wonders.
The World's Biggest Candy Company Is Taking A Stand On Sugary Desserts M&Ms could disappear from McFlurries and Blizzards as a result.
It's Time To Give Your Sleep Environment A Makeover When your desk is better for sleep than your bedroom, something is off.
3 Babies Born In The U.S. With Zika-Related Birth Defects All three cases involved women who had traveled to areas active with Zika outbreaks.
No Birth Defects Seen In Babies Exposed To Zika Late In Pregnancy Still, it's \it is critically important\ to continue to monitor those babies.
Workaholics May Be At Greater Risk For These Psychiatric Disorders Your long work hours could be masking a serious condition.
9 Tweets That Prove No Man Should Be Ashamed Of Depression \I give thanks to the power of struggle that I have endured.\
This 5-Minute Yoga Routine Will Equal Parts Tone And Relax You Happiness, achieved.
Those Grieving Over Orlando Can Get Free Mental Health Services Thanks To This Insurance Company Yet another example of human kindness.
The Science-Backed Ways That  Movement Boosts Your Mood Let go of stress and get going!
How Where You Live Affects Your Child\u2019s Mental Health Poor air quality isn\u2019t just an environmental issue.
WHO Has Great News For Coffee Drinkers -- With One Caveat Researchers find 'no conclusive evidence' that coffee causes cancer but suggests very hot coffee can.
Donald Trump's Seeming Lack Of Empathy Makes Him A Weak Leader His comments on Orlando are just the most recent example.
It Is Perfectly Natural To Lose Sleep Over The Orlando Attacks Here's how you can cope.
Official Map Finds Zika-Transmitting Mosquitoes In Much Of U.S. But they're concentrated in the Southeast and Southwest.
The Tadd Technique Decisions made from the third eye are appropriate for all individuals who might be affected by them, because the third eye generations a spiritually attuned view.
You Can Help Bring Postpartum Depression Out Of The Shadows It's often mislabeled as the \baby blues.\
Did Hillary Clinton's Win Make You Cry Happy Tears? Here's Why The human body is a magical (and sometimes uncontrollable) machine.
W.H.O. Advises Delaying Pregnancy In Areas With Zika Transmission People living in areas where the Zika virus is circulating should consider delaying pregnancy to avoid having babies with
Ridiculous Reason Women Are Excluded From Exercise Studies Hint
Gretchen Barry's GPS Guide On Acceptance Everything you're searching for may already be within reach.
The Essential Ingredient You're Missing In Achieving Your Goals This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I don\u2019t know about you, but I know I am definitely more motivated to go for a
Why School Start Times Play A Huge Role In Kids' Success Teens are severely sleep-deprived. This needs to change.
This Olympian Is Freezing His Sperm Amid Zika Fears Greg Rutherfod's partner will not attend the Games at all.
This Is A Good Reminder That Eating Fat Does Not Make You Fat Mediterranean diet, FTW.
LeBron \u201cSleep is the most important thing when it comes to recovery.\u201d
Sun Poisoning Summer means fun in the sun, but the sun also means that you have to protect your skin.
Biden Announces Crucial Piece Of His Cancer Moonshot Initiative \It requires open data, open collaboration, and above all open minds.\
Fearing Zika, A Top American Will Skip The Olympics He may not be the last.
WHO Emergency Panel To Meet In June On Zika And Olympics The organization will assess the risk of holding the Olympics in Rio.
This May Explain Why You Can't Stop Hitting The Snooze Blame your hardwiring.
Here's How To Sleep Like An Olympian Staying well-rested can lead to better performance.
Cat Lebenta's GPS Guide On Moving Forward From A Bad Day Bye bye, bad mood.
5 Ways Clutter Hurts Your Health (and How to Fix It) You might think that a few piles of clothes here, stacks of books and magazines there, and junked-up dresser drawers aren't hurting anyone. Think again. All of that clutter overcrowding your personal space might be affecting your health.
L O V E 
What The New Superbug Means For The Fight Against Antibiotic Resistance We all need to play a role in the fight against superbugs.
Pot And Cigarette Smoking Have At Least One Health Consequence In Common Both kinds of smokers are at high risk of gum disease.
Kimberly Jackson's GPS Guide For Inner Confidence Find some reassurance.
Keanu Reeves And More Join Together To Raise Awareness For Eating Disorders In honor of the first-ever World Eating Disorders Action Day on June 2, actor Keanu Reeves and his To the Bone cast members
What Experts Really Say About Drinking Alcohol On A Diet It's not all bad news.
Baby Born With Microcephaly In U.S. To Woman Who Contracted Zika Elsewhere A woman visiting the U.S. has given birth to a baby with microcephaly after contracting Zika elsewhere, officials said.
First Rise In U.S. Death Rate In Years Surprises Experts The death rate in the United States rose last year for the first time in a decade, preliminary federal data show, a rare
Only Prince William Could Get Away With This Yoga Outfit Grass stains are no match for a royal doing some vinyasa.
General Mills Recalls Flour Over Possible Link To E.coli Outbreak Kashi Co also announced a recall of one variety each of its granola and granola bars.
Your Complete Guide To Staying Healthy During The Summer Olympics Heading to Rio? Here's what you need to know.
Why Your Doctor Should Be Talking To You About Sleep Don't forget this at your next appointment.
A Measles Outbreak Is Growing In Arizona The virus was first discovered at a federal detention center.
Your Genes Could Determine How Well You Lose Weight The results could one day create a genetic test that identifies people who need extra help.
How Do You Make A Young Doctor Really Understand What It's Like Being 74? Virtual Reality How can a 24-year-old medical student really understand what a patient 50 years older is experiencing?
Grieving the Life I Once Had I never know which stage of grief I'm in because I flip flop hourly. I don't grieve the loss of a loved one, but I do grieve the loss of myself. The loss of the life I once had. Now I live within the confines of my chronic pain and it's that thunderous pain that dictates how my minutes will go. Oh how I yearn for my old life.
Bad News -- You Have Cancer Until you experience death as a gift, your work's not done. So if you're afraid of it, that shows you what to question next. There's nothing else to do; you're either believing these childish stories, or you're questioning them--there's no other choice.
It's Never Too Late to Bring Up Unfinished Business There is no statue of limitations on past issues and it's never too late to bring up a previously discussed subject. As long as our commitment is to heal the damage and restore trust and harmony, it's likely that the results of our efforts will be deeply and mutually fulfilling!
Sleep Revolution in the Summertime Ms. Huffington's book can educate you beautifully on how to do this. I recommend you pick up a copy of Sleep Revolution today and read it as you're going to bed each night (instead of playing on your phone!)
Why Staying Motivated Really Is Half the Battle Nothing of value can be achieved or accomplished without being properly motivated to reach your goals. Without motivation, you are destined to fall short. That's why in this world, staying motivated is half the battle.
This Is Exactly Why Companies Should Take Mental Health Seriously It affects more than a bottom line.
An Easy-Peasy Guide For How To Read A Nutrition Label There is a better way!
Scary Headlines About Cell Phone-Cancer Link Fail To Mention Rats If you get your news from social media, the headline is especially important.
Combat Dreams Haunting Veterans Could Be A New Disorder An Army sleep scientist is pushing for Trauma-Associated Sleep Disorder to be officially recognized.
How Giving Up Multitasking Can Change Your Life Leave this habit behind.
13 Tweets That Prove Depression Is The Actual Worst These statements are too true.
Your Small Paycheck May Have Been Determined At Birth Babies born very prematurely are less likely to be 'go-getters' than those born at term.
7 Ways To Move More Without Even Trying Don't wait for high-level changes to take control of your health.
Sleep -- The Unconscious Workout The equivalent of not sleeping well is like running in the same place but not going anywhere. Oh no wait, I just described
Heroin Is The Russian Roulette Of Our Generation I don't need to be an addict myself to know that it is poison. Each bag, a bullet. Each snort or injection, the spin of the cylinder. This is our generation's Russian Roulette.
The Global\u00a0Health Care Crisis No One Is Talking About More than one-third of the world's global burden of disease can be ameliorated with access to surgical care. While this statistic is overwhelming, it is possible to achieve with concerted planning and efforts.
Shift Work May Actually Hurt Your Ability To Think Worker health depends on not just quantity, but timing of hours too.
What The Government's Latest Asian-American Health Report Got Wrong Several factors may have prompted data to be skewed.
Zika Virus From Brazil Found In Africa For The First Time The strain of virus that causes fetal brain abnormalities has been found in Africa.
How Farmers Markets Can Help Fight Hunger Although today\u2019s farmers markets seem more concerned with the authenticity of the heirloom pedigrees of their produce than
Global Life Expectancy Increases To 71.4 Years Life expectancy across the globe has increased by five years since 2000, the fastest rise in lifespans since the 1960s, according
A Shocking Number Of Parents Keep Their Kids' Leftover Opioids \This is a missed opportunity to prevent prescription drug misuse among children.\
Arianna Huffington Explains Why Sleep Is Vital For Students \One of the immediate ways we can see the impact of sleep deprivation is by what happens to our mood.\
Rhea Maceris' GPS Guide On Feeling Empowered Motivation is closer than you think.
Ellie Goulding Perfectly Sums Up The Sheer Terror Of Panic Attacks We feel you, girl.
These Energetic Yoga Moves Are Better Than A Cup Of Coffee Go on, greet the day.
5 Reasons Why Adult Coloring Is Good For You This simple activity is no longer just for kids.
9 Personal Trainer Tips For Mastering The Weight Room You can do it!
The Gap Between Black and White Mortality Is Narrowing Here\u2019s why that\u2019s good and bad news.
Quaker Recalls Granola Bars In The Face Of Listeria Worries Some of the oats company's quinoa granola bars may have been contaminated.
Regular Exercise Could Help Prevent Cervical Cancer In Women Every little bit of activity helps.
8 Cozy Cups Of Tea To Soothe Your Every Affliction Most of the people I know swear by coffee to start the day, but personally? I just don\u2019t feel ready to wake up and face the
Man Receives First Penis Transplant In The United States A man whose penis was removed because of cancer has received the first penis transplant in the United States, at Massachusetts
How Using Imagery Can Help You Become A Stronger Competitor Tap into your potential.
This Major Change Is Coming To Restaurant Menus In 2017 Restaurants will have to disclose the calorie counts of their food next year.
Bob Harper On That 'Biggest Loser' Study And Intermittent Fasting The celebrity trainer has a proposal for the metabolism slowdown.
Tackle TB to Reduce Maternal Deaths We must establish integrated health systems that address all of the health needs of mothers and their children. Only then, can we begin to say that we are delivering real results for women in need across the globe.
Need To Make A Healthy Change? Start With Self-Care Sprints You needn\u2019t run a marathon to improve your wellness.
Most Americans Have No Idea How To Prevent Superbugs Antibiotic resistance is one of the greatest health threats worldwide.
'Functional Training' Is The Best Exercise You're Already Doing Chances are you're not a bodybuilder.
Lynda Heffernan's GPS Guide For Self-Compassion Give yourself a little love.
If You're A Stressed Parent, You Need This Yoga Routine Moms and dads, this one's for you.
Have Trouble Sticking To Your Workouts? Here's How To Make Them Permanent. You're going to have to dig deep if you want to stay physically active.
If 'The Biggest Loser' Doesn't Work, Why Is It Still On The Air? The NBC show's lead doctor is \evaluating\ the findings of a recent study that raised questions about its drastic approach to weight loss.
Ernest Belamide's GPS Guide On Managing Stress Get rid of those worries.
Your Favorite Food Might Not Be Calling Itself 'Healthy\u2019 In The Future We can thank Kind bars for this long overdue regulation.
Eerie Video Project Nails What It Feels Like To Be Sleep Deprived It's more than a little unnerving.
5 Tips To Create The Best Sleep Environment Rethink your lighting!
Brazil Should Not Host The Olympic Games, Public Health Expert Warns Would any country grappling with a serious infectious disease outbreak invite hundreds of thousands of international travelers to visit?
Why We Can't Afford To Take 'Baby Steps' In Drowsy Driving Crisis That was the conclusion of a panel at the Harvard School of Public Health on falling \Asleep at the Wheel.\
Relieve Neck Pain With This Simple Yoga Sequence Release the tension.
Looking Back On 100 Years Of Fitness Trends Break out the leg warmers.
Connie Paetsch's GPS Guide For Reflecting On The Good You have the power to turn anything around.
Tunde Oye's GPS Guide On Moving Forward Make a change.
If You Can\u2019t Sleep, Society May Be To Blame Cultural pressures can override your biological sleep clock.
6 Tips To Keep In Mind When Talking To Someone Who Stutters When someone pointed out Michael Turner's stutter as a teenager, it wouldn\u2019t just ruin that single conversation. Sometimes
When Sleep Deprivation Becomes A Public Health Hazard Getting enough sleep can be a life-or-death issue.
Pete Carroll On What Makes The Best Kind Of Leader A great leader \isn't always the person that's saying the right thing.\
Failure Is An Essential Element Of Success So don't feel bad when it happens to you.
Abby Franks' GPS Guide For Positive Self-Talk Build yourself up instead of tearing yourself down.
3 Ways To Be A More Mindful Athlete Focusing on your breath and body during exercise can improve your performance.
Why You Should Be Wary Of Suicide Prevention Apps Many apps suggest people reach out to peers -- rather than a crisis hotline or therapist -- for help.
Chilling Video Shows The Exact Moment A Driver Falls Asleep At The Wheel Wait till you hear the song playing on the car radio.
Arianna At what point do our devices start hurting us, rather than helping?
7 Times Adulting Punched Me in the Face The first time I filed my taxes on my own was quite the experience. Here are a few thoughts I had during the process
5 Reasons To Get Yourself A Workout Bestie ASAP Friends don't let friends do sad solo workouts.
Marcelletta Miles' GPS Guide For Eliminating Self-Doubt Find a little reassurance.
Watch HuffPost Employees Get Schooled On Their Own Sleep Habits Even ~we~ have a thing or two to learn from the \ud83d\udca4 experts
U.S. Regulators Ban E-Cigarette, Cigar Sales To Minors The use of e-cigarettes is on the rise among U.S. middle and high school students.
Here\u2019s Why Pregnant Women Should Consider Getting A Flu Shot Pregnant women who get the flu are at increased risk for hospitalization, intensive care and death.
Janel Beatty's GPS Guide On Overcoming Obstacles You've got this.
These Standing Yoga Poses Will Transform Your Posture Straighten that spine.
Should There Be Widespread Screenings For Celiac Disease? About one in 133 Americans have the disease.
Researchers Nightmare stories of nurses giving potent drugs meant for one patient to another and surgeons removing the wrong body parts
Foster Farms Recalls 220,000 Pounds Of Frozen Chicken Nuggets They may come with a side of plastic.
Rachel Skoza's GPS Guide On Taking Life As It Comes Go with the flow.
12 Tweets That Reveal The Life-Changing Power Of Therapy There's no shame in seeking help.
Take Our Fitness Challenge To Move More And Feel Better Let's get physical. \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa
What The NHL, Prince and Dinosaurs Can Teach Us About Sleep ICYMI Sleep features the highlights of what we learned about sleep this week.
Did Walt Whitman Really Promote A 'Paleo' Diet? Not Quite. But do we really want to take nutrition advice from a 19th-century poet anyway?
Scientific Proof That Having A Squad Makes Life Less Painful People with larger social networks have a higher tolerance for pain.
This Is What It's Really Like To Go To The Gym As A Fat Person I love the feeling of my beating heart \u2014 the rush of blood in my face and limbs, the scrape of heavy breath in my lungs, the
Patients With Limited English Are More Likely To Return To The ER People who don't speak English may suffer in many areas of the health care system.
2 Alarming Findings About How Poor Sleep Hurts Your Heart Sleep can actually affect cholesterol -- and poor sleepers are far more likely to smoke.
Not All Cranberry Supplements Prevent UTIs Many popular supplements contain too little of the bacteria-fighting ingredient to have any effect.
CDC Reports First U.S. Zika Death In Puerto Rico Although Zika deaths are rare, severe cases are possible.
Arianna Huffington and a NBA Star on Why Sleep Is Crucial to Success Watch the industry leaders discuss importance of sleep amid busy lives
These Lifestyle Factors Are Linked To Sperm Damage Obesity, stress and cell phone use were linked to DNA fragmentation in sperm.
The Hard Truth All Parents Of Teenagers Understand This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I don\u2019t see you much anymore. And when I do, it\u2019s in passing, and mostly through
11 Things People Don't Tell You About Growing Up With An Alcoholic Parent There was never just one moment in my family when we \u201cfound out\u201d that my dad was an addict.
Joseph Rain's GPS Guide On Loving Yourself And Others Capture that \warm and fuzzy\ feeling.
How Your Work Shifts Affect Heart Health Night shift workers are more likely to develop heart problems over time.
This Viral Makeup 'Tutorial' Tackles Depression In A Genius Way Eye opening.
Kelly Ripa Can Teach Us A Thing Or Two About Managing Anger Taking time with your thoughts plays a crucial role in problem-solving.
Connie Paetsch's GPS Guide On Living Up To Your Potential Let failure drive your success.
The Way You Eat -- Not The Food Itself -- Could Influence Weight Gain Eating food in front of the TV at least twice a week is linked to weight gain.
Drug Overdose Deaths Increased 70-Fold In These US Counties Western Pennsylvania has one of the fastest-growing rates of drug overdose in the nation.
Five Things I Wish I Knew During Cancer 
3 Quotes That Sum Up Exactly Why You Need More Sleep ICYMI Sleep features the highlights of what we learned about sleep this week.
How Alaskan Soldiers Sleep When The Sun Barely Sets Sleep takes extra effort in a land of extremes.
Migraines Few things will ruin my day faster than a migraine. These debilitating headaches can make it impossible to function or concentrate
4 Common Myths About Sleep Aids Debunked Myth #2
The Fate Of Anti-Zika GMO Mosquitos In The U.S. Rests On Florida Florida might have the power to save us all from Zika.
Being Tall Might Up Your Risk For This Cancer Bad news for long-legged guys everywhere.
Coffee Linked To A Reduced Risk of Endometrial Cancer The greatest benefit was for women who drank more than four cups a day.
The One Thing Ted Cruz And Elizabeth Warren Agree On Surprise, surprise!
This Woman Is Leading The Charge To Start School Later \The vast majority of U.S. teenagers cannot get enough sleep with current school hours.\
5 Introvert-Friendly Strategies For The Dreaded First Date This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Although I\u2019d love to be the kind of person who waltzes into first dates accompanied
Why Sleep Is The Ultimate Performance Enhancer Just ask an NBA superstar.
What\u2019s For Breakfast? How About Some Monsanto Weed Killer? Just how much of Monsanto\u2019s most popular weed killer are you eating every morning for breakfast?
White Women Suffered Biggest Drop In Life Expectancy In The U.S. White women are being left behind in U.S. health gains.
These Brilliant Sleep Gadgets Could End Your Restless Nights Consider it partly magic.
Zika Is Extremely Good At Mutating. Here\u2019s What You Need To Know. The virus is extremely good at mutating.
Here's Why You Should Unplug While Watching Presidential Debates All that retweeting isn't helping you learn anything about the candidates.
Escaping the Digital Media \u2018Crap Trap\u2019 Digital media companies are caught in the \crap trap,\ mass-producing trashy clickbait so they can claim huge audiences and
Brooke Burke-Charvet's GPS Guide To Appreciating The Joy Of Less The former 'Dancing with the Stars' co-host shares tips on how to focus on the meaningful things in life.
Americans Finally Found Something To Drink That's Better Than Soda This is a first.
This Man Wants To Inspire You To Finally Follow Your Dreams \We all have something we want to go do.\
Kristina Hallett's GPS Guide On Positive Self-Talk Read these on a rough day.
This Woman Has A Must-Hear Message About Having Empathy For Others Nicolle is a music therapist living in New York. She's also a suicide survivor and recovering alcoholic.
Arianna Helps Joe Scarborough Get A Better Night's Sleep The HuffPost co-founder gets 8 hours of sleep most nights.
The U.S. Will Probably Have At Least One Zika Virus Outbreak Health officials predict that a small number of Americans will get Zika virus.
The Army Tells Its Soldiers To Get Some Sleep Its leaders are looking to improve troops' performance -- and reduce deaths.
TREND TRIALS 
3 Benefits of Embracing the Truth About Your Mental Health Focusing on our mental health is simply about setting an intention to move the notch on that proverbial continuum toward a healthier mind; to understand that no matter where we currently fall on this continuum -- we all have room to become mentally healthier.
5 Need-To-Know Developments About Sleep This Week This noise might actually make you sleep better.
Company To Tell Customers Its Food Is Too Unhealthy To Eat Every Day Mars Food says people should only eat the company's pasta sauce and macaroni once a week.
Mark Rusnak's GPS Guide On Motivation Go for your goals.
When The Best Seat In The House Is A Bed Outdoor movies just got a whole lot more comfortable.
This Guy Just Nailed The Heartbreaking Truth About Depression Listen up, world.
The Hidden Impact Of Jet Lag On Your Body Waking up at odd hours is the least of your worries.
Is It Possible To Outrun Your Own Fart? Today in things you never knew you needed to know..
Robert Epley's GPS Guide For Self-Confidence You can do this.
U.S. Prescription Drug Spending To Hit $400 Billion A Year By 2020 Expensive cancer drugs and treatments for autoimmune diseases will likely contribute to the increase.
7 Ways Thinking Like A Tiger Can Help You Start Your Week Right Today is not a day to whimper \u2014 today is a day to roar with delight! According to the World Wildlife Fun and the Global Tiger
How Raising An Introvert Made Me A Better Educator This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Heidi Kasevich is Quiet Revolution\u2019s Director of Quiet Education, leading the
Arianna Huffington On What You Should Never Do Tired Drunk driving isn't the only danger on the road.
Drop In Air Pollution Tied To Better Breathing In California Kids Researchers hope new findings could influence policymakers to push for better air quality.
Meet The Italian Doctor Using Facebook To Fight Anti-Vaxxers Calling vaccinations dangerous \is like claiming that the earth is flat.\
U.S. Officials Warn Zika 'Scarier' Than Initially Thought Zika, linked to numerous cases of the birth defect microcephaly in Brazil, is spreading rapidly in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Having Insomnia Might Mean Your Brain Works Differently Blame the neural circuit of your personal sleep control.
Sleep-Deprived Teens Are Up To 3 Times More Likely To Drive Drunk Teens who slept fewer than 4 hours a night were three times as likely to drive drunk.
6 Things You Need To Know About Drowsy Driving Just a few more reasons to prioritize sleep.
Amid Clinic Closures, Young Doctors Seek Abortion Training Abortion providers are concentrated in city centers, which leaves rural areas with provider shortages.
Marcia Bileau's GPS Guide For Self-Care Make yourself a priority.
Arianna Explains Her Bedtime Ritual To Fareed Zakaria Have you ever wondered what exactly Arianna Huffington does before she hits the hay? Of course you have! Arianna recently
Starbucks Customer Appalled After Label Reads The customer said the message written on his white chocolate mocha hit a nerve, as two of his sisters have diabetes.
3 Things I Needed to Hear When I Weighed 300 Pounds Eventually, you'll no longer see trying as a vulnerability. You will realize that it's important for you to continue showing up and allowing people to see you're trying. It helps others understand they're not alone, and it's okay for them to try, too.
Your Fitness, Psychology And Behavior Questions, Answered. Lifting weights won't help your bones. Cross-class marriages are hard.
The Top 10 Workout Songs For April 2016 Moreover, it's spring--when pop's jauntiness returns after months of hibernation. So, it's a great time of year for buoyant beats and an even better time to get outdoors. Here's the full list -- according to the votes logged on workout music site Run Hundred.
4 Questions to Reshape Your Life If you're seeking to reshape your life, reflect on the answers to these four questions to increase your awareness, expand your mindset, and change your outlook:
How To Detect And Prevent Carbon Monoxide In Your Home Carbon monoxide \u2014 otherwise known as the silent killer \u2014 can be a threat to yourself or your family, and you may not even
How A Nearly Fatal Drowsy Driving Accident Saved One Man's Life \I almost slipped through the cracks.\
Exercise May Help Overweight Men With Insomnia Fall Asleep Jogging, swimming, dancing and other forms of endurance training had the biggest impact.
Dana Cole's GPS Guide For Focusing On Your Wellness You deserve to be happy and healthy.
Is There Such A Thing As 'Too Much' Coffee? Of course there is. But chances are your coffee habit is just fine.
Doctors Diagnosed A Patient's Life-Threatening Condition Through His Fitbit Pretty impressive.
Heather Jacobs' GPS Guide For Looking At The Positive Side Adopt a little optimism.
How A Sleepless Night Affects Your Ability To Focus Sleep deprivation takes a toll on what's known as your \selective attention.\
Arianna Yet another reason to get more sleep.
This Substance Found In Many Houses May Predict Violent Crime New research offers insight into the link between lead -- still found in water, soil and old paint -- and criminal behavior.
How To Fall Asleep Faster Arianna Huffington says a hot bath, a silk nightdress, and REAL books are all part of her routine.
Why Do Mosquitoes Bite Some People And Not Others? Did you know the mosquito is actually the most deadly animal in the world? According to the World Health Organization, mosquitos
Virtual Doctor Visits May Not Be Best For Urgent Care A quarter of patients got the wrong -- or no -- diagnosis, according to a new study.
Emerald Nuts, Roland Peppers Recalled For Possible Glass Contamination Both products were distributed nationwide.
How Daily Naps Can Improve Your Overall Health And Well-Being Cats know it. Babies know it. So why don\u2019t we know it?
Why Sleep Is Arianna Huffington's Superpower Arianna Huffington, one of the most influential women in the world, has become a champion for something that\u2019s fundamentally
Arianna Huffington I\u2019m not a sleep scientist, though I certainly talked to as many of them as I could find for The Sleep Revolution. The fact
There\u2019s No Hope Of Halting The Obesity Crisis In The Next Decade The United Nations has a goal to stop obesity in its tracks within the next decade, but according to a new study published
Experts Say 1 In 5 Adults Will Be Obese By 2025 Developing countries will suffer the most.
Will Angola's Yellow Fever Outbreak Be 'Another Zika?' We're constantly playing infectious disease catch-up.
The U.S. Needs New Strategies To Fight Zika Mosquitos The Aedes aegypti has been dubbed \the cockroach of mosquitoes,\ because it's so hard to kill.
If I Understand Why I'm an Addict, Maybe It Will Go Away... So who and what is to blame for addiction? For most addicts, there are numerous contributing factors -- some nature, some nurture. So addicts should blame whomever and whatever they want. But they should also understand that not every person at risk for addiction becomes addicted.
7 Photos That Will Terrify People With Allergies Ah-choo!
Untreated Sleep Apnea Doubles Your Risk Of Workplace Injury And you might not know you have it.
This Project Is Shutting Down OCD Stereotypes In A Beautiful Way Creativity meets advocacy.
Elisabeth Lehrer's GPS Guide For Releasing Stress Before Sleep So long, worries.
Your Commute Could Be Sabotaging Your Health Even if you eat well and exercise.
Toxic BPA Found In Majority Of Canned Food Packaging Canned food is a convenience that comes with a high toll on health if the plastic lining inside the can contains bisphenol
If You Think Your Kid Has Trouble Sleeping, This Might Be Why Hint
10 Home Remedies To Soothe Your Eczema Eczema is one of the most common skin conditions in the world.
FC Tay's GPS Guide For Relaxing Your Mind Try these before hitting the pillow.
The Northeast Is Also At Risk For Zika Mosquitos This Summer It's not just Florida and Texas.
Lynne Hurdle's GPS Guide On Closing The Day With Calm Let go of the day.
Going Back To The Old Whooping Cough Vaccine Could Save Lives The current pertussis vaccine isn't as effective as the old shots.
How Well Do You Really Sleep? Take This Quiz To Find Out. It's not just about quantity.
The FDA Just Updated 90s-Era Guidelines For The Abortion Pill This will make a huge difference for women in states with abortion restrictions.
Suzanne Harris' GPS Guide On A Calming Bedtime Routine Unwind before closing your eyes.
Premature Births Linked To Air Pollution Cost More Than $4 Billion A Year The hardest hit areas are in Southern California and the Eastern U.S.
Hold Off On Sex If You've Been Near Zika Virus, The CDC Warns Men exposed to the virus should wait 6 months before having unprotected sex.
The U.S. Throws Out $3 Billion In Cancer Drugs Every Year This little-known practice is driving up healthcare costs.
4 Surprising Ways Your Environment Affects How Much Food You Eat Think beyond food.
For Couples Who Want To Get Pregnant, Men's Habits Matter, Too There could be a link between men's caffeine consumption before conception and pregnancy loss.
17 Times The Internet Got Real About Anxiety Spot. On.
Planning for Easter With Alzheimer's I thought it may be helpful to offer a few things to keep in mind while planning your Easter dinner with Alzheimer's.
Grief Knowing that I will be living with a hole in my heart for the rest of my life, I had to take some time to figure out my next steps at this point in my journey. Here's what I have come up with:
10-Second Answers To This Week's Pressing Health Questions What rich people get wrong about poverty.
Think You're Living A Healthy Lifestyle? Chances Are, You're Not This should put just about every health ed teacher in the U.S. in tears. Ask anyone who can remember being even half awake
3 Important Lessons To Help You Find Your Calling These days, there\u2019s a lot of talk about discovering your dream. Now, more than ever, finding calling seems a god-given right
Is It A Cold Or Allergy? How You Can Tell Signs of spring are in the air but that\u2019s not something you have to tell allergy sufferers.
Veranda Matias' GPS Guide On Letting Go Of The Day There's always tomorrow.
Heart Attack Patients Are Getting Younger And Sicker They're also more likely to smoke.
Digital Mammograms Could Also Reveal Heart Disease Risk There is no routine screening test for heart disease. But maybe we don't need one.
Men With Psoriasis Could Be More Likely To Have This Sexual Problem No one should have to suffer in silence.
Laurensia Swandito's GPS Guide On Forgetting Troubles Before Bed Let them go.
Bill Blathers' GPS Guide For Uncovering Calm You'll be relaxed in no time.
Pinkies Up! There Could Be Some Real Health Benefits To Drinking Tea Just don't add the milk.
Elmo Is Teaching Kids About Zika Virus And Mosquito Bites Sunny day, keeping the bugs away.
Why Stanford Is Training Teens To Preach The Importance Of Sleep \u201cA lot of people have the mindset, \u2018I\u2019ll be fine. I can make myself stay awake. I\u2019m invincible.\u2019 But that\u2019s not really true.\u201d
Natalie Allen's GPS Guide For Expressing Gratitude Before Bed Give a little thanks.
Joseph Carr's GPS Guide For Beating Stress Before Sleep Don't let your worries keep you awake.
What Paul Ryan Gave Up For Lent Is Totally Offensive Some people can't just \give up anxiety.\
Mark Tuballas' GPS Guide For De-Stressing Before Sleep Get a good night's rest.
Sleeping Your Way To Trim Everything you need to know to improve your ZZZs.
This Simple Trick Will Make Your Good Habits Stick Feed your brain the RIGHT information.
Untreated Sleep Apnea Makes Truck Drivers 5 Times As Likely To Crash \It's really key for the public to weigh in on this,\ says one researcher.
7 Expert-Backed Tips For Staying Healthy On Your Next Big Trip Call your travel clinic while planning your restaurant itineraries.
Natasha Genao's GPS Guide For Releasing All Worries Discover a relaxed state of mind.
Mona Sultan's GPS Guide On Positive Affirmations For Sleep Go to bed on a happy note.
Sophie Larios' GPS Guide For A Solid Night's Sleep Sweet dreams.
This Music Will Make You More Productive At Work Though it kinda depends on what you do for a living.
Former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's Rare Abdominal Cancer, Explained Here's what we do know about pleomorphic liposarcoma.
Even More Evidence That Anxiety Can Be Genetic Understanding individuals' genetic makeup could help scientists fine-tune new medications.
The Quiet Practice Where I Found My Voice This article first appeared on QuietRev.com When I was 12 years old, I was asked to leave Sunday School. Our teachers had
Apple's New CareKit Platform Allows Any User To Collect Medical Data It's is a natural extension of their groundbreaking ResearchKit.
Exercise May Help Young People With Severe Mental Health Disorders \I would highly recommend exercise as an intervention for early psychosis.\
Sophie Thomas' GPS Guide For Confidence Tap into your own strength.
Sally Larhette's GPS Guide For Feeling Secure Find a sense of peace.
General Mills Will Start Labeling Its GMO Products This Summer Vermont's new law forced General Mills to change its labeling standards for everyone.
20 Tiny Moments That Instantly Boost Your Happiness Life is in the little things.
5 Science-Backed Strategies for More Happiness Of course, the pursuit of happiness isn't all sunshine and rainbows and mugs of tea and smiling children. Sometimes we need to tackle our insecurities and weaknesses, and we can't just ignore our draining jobs and nagging relatives. But the practices here represent the other side of the coin, the one we often neglect
The Psychological Trick That Could Help You Reach Your Goals Whether your goal is to exercise three-to-five times per week, or to save $100 to $200 per month, establish a reasonable range. When you hit its low end, challenge yourself to keep going. You'll likely find that a little taste of success can motivate you to get to the next level.
Healthy Planet Essential for Global Health 
Waath Kenmed's GPS Guide For Tackling A Challenge A clear mind = Better problem solving.
The World Is Stressful. These 25 Items Can Make It Less So We're all trying to have it all and do it all \u2014 usually at the same time. And this endless pursuit of work-life-family-health
4 Quick Answers To Complicated Health Questions Cutting through the noise so you don't have to.
Polly Zehnder-Swader's GPS Guide For Unwinding After A Bad Day Find your peaceful place.
America Perez -Garcia's GPS Guide For Moving On Release negativity.
Wanda Hallburton's GPS Guide For Positive Self-Talk Be kind to yourself.
Healthy Heart May Also Mean Healthy Brain The association was strongest for being a non-smoker, having normal blood sugar and an ideal weight.
This GPS Guide Will Help You Find Joy In Solitude Sometimes you just need to step back.
Paula Jarrel's GPS Guide For Expressing Self Compassion You can do anything, but not everything.
Chris Michael's GPS Guide On Finding Meaning Chase your passion.
Cheryl Reno's GPS Guide On Self Love Treat yourself like you'd treat a friend.
It Takes A Shockingly Little Amount Of Alcohol To Cross Into Binge Drinking Here's how you should be gauging your intake.
A St. Paddy's Day Green Juice Crawl Is A Thing That Exists A little on the nose, juiceheads.
Staying Late At The Office Could Raise Your Risk Of Heart Disease Go home, folks.
Dawn Beckley's GPS Guide On Finding Your Inner Strength You're stronger than you think.
Kirsten Olread's GPS Guide On Tapping Into Calm You deserve to relax.
Linda Garland's GPS Guide For Relieving Stress Let go of your worries.
How Your Fluctuating Sleep Schedule Is Disrupting Your Biological Clock Sleeping in on the weekend will give you \social jet lag.\
Donald Boles' GPS Guide On Letting Go Of Anger Release the negativity.
Barbara Capalbo's GPS Guide For Keeping A Positive Perspective Look on the bright side.
It's Totally Normal That Your Sex Life Is Nothing Like The Movies Knowing this might even improve your sex life ;).
Financial Burden Of Cancer Can Harm Quality Of Life As financial problems increase, health-related quality of life decreases.
Dee Bogetti's GPS Guide For Living In The Moment Make time for mindfulness.
Necie Edwards' GPS Guide On Relaxing Before Going To Sleep Put your mind and body at ease.
Joseph Ciurca's GPS Guide On Letting Go Of Negative Thoughts Go to sleep with a clear mind.
The Youngest Casualties In The War On Obesity School-based BMI screenings are meant to improve the health of students, but they also appear to be triggering deadly eating disorders in children.
Ronda LaCroix's GPS Guide For Letting Go Of Worries So long, stress.
6 Things Worry-Free People Do To Avoid Stress There are plenty of other things you can do to become less of a worrier, but this is a good place to start. After all, the worst thing that can happen is you take some extra breaks, get in better shape and make your life a little easier.
How To Overcome Social Comparison The good news is that we can overcome comparison and the illusion of competition it creates. Here are five ways to do that:
What I Learned About Love From My Boyfriend's Depression I know all about depression. I know about it from every angle -- I grew up with it all around me and I've struggled with it myself at times. But when it mattered the most -- when the person I loved fell into it -- all that knowledge availed me of nothing. That's how insidious this thing is.
Should We Cancel Daylight Saving Time? A new generation makes the case against springing forward.
6 Ways To Get Leaner, Stronger And Healthier This Spring All of these strategies require you to do one thing -- prioritize your health and well-being. Whatever you have going on in your life -- and I'm guessing you have a lot -- very little of it should take precedence over finding time to get leaner, stronger and healthier this spring and this year.
Sleep Awareness It all comes down to this
7 Habits of Highly Resilient People Resilient people aren't luckier -- they make a practice of doing the things that keep them afloat. Take a look at the most common habits, actions, and responses of highly resilient people, and start trying at least one of these right now.
Marina Badlishah's GPS Guide For Calming Down Release stress.
Here Are Some Pretty Solid Reasons To Look At The Bright Side An optimistic attitude = A happier life.
Arianna Huffington And Evan Williams Get Real About Information Overload They had to learn these lessons the hard way.
Kyle Sanker's GPS Guide For Pursuing Your Goals You can do this.
Artificial Lights Linked To Higher Rates Of Obesity Scientists think the artificial light may suppress sleep and extend eating hours.
Nestl\u00e9 Recalls Millions Of Frozen Products That May Contain Glass It's not delivery... it's glass, maybe.
Sua Nesi's GPS Guide On Thankfulness Acknowledge the good.
Younger Siblings Are Good For Older Siblings' Health Knew it.
Shannon Gwash's GPS Guide On Celebrating Yourself You're awesome.
Samantha Rhodes' GPS Guide For Embracing A New Day Tomorrow begins today.
Lucienne Tabone's GPS Guide On Finding Happiness Discover joy.
First Uterus Transplant In The U.S. Fails The 26-year-old patient suffered sudden complications this week.
Christine Sadler's GPS Guide For Sleeping When You're Homesick Find a little comfort.
Trisha Wong's GPS Guide For Savoring Life's Greatness Acknowledge the good.
If You Feel Depressed During The Winter Months, Try These 4 Things Have you ever noticed that winter-themed films tend to involve frolicking in the snow, ice-skating, and kissing your one
A Nutritionist's Top Menu Picks From Popular American Chain Restaurants That salad probably isn't the best thing on the menu.
Hero Dog Saves His 7-Year-Old Diabetic Owner With Just His Nose Paws-itively awesome.
A Third Of Endocrinologists Are Unwilling To Care For Transgender Patients Less than half said they felt competent in providing care for transgender patients.
Muscular Guys Are Seen As Better Leaders, But There\u2019s A Catch In case you needed more motivation to get in shape.
U.S. Pedestrian Deaths From Car Crashes Reach Highest Number In Four Decades Experts say the figures are alarming.
Ron Livingston's GPS Guide For Sleeping Soundly No more counting sheep.
Another Chipotle Closes Due To Norovirus AGAIN?!
5 Proven Steps To Conquer Self Doubt This article first appeared on QuietRev.com\u00a0and is part of Quiet Revolution's Grumpy Introvert series. Visit Quietrev.com
Pam Persaud's GPS Guide For A More Relaxing Sleep Routine Try this before your hit the pillow.
Ginger Maynor's GPS Guide For Releasing Worries Before Sleep Let go of anxiety.
Jennifer Jeffries' GPS Guide For Finding The Bright Side Feeling stressed? You're not alone. We all have a center of wisdom and balance within us, but sometimes life takes over and
Sarah Byrne's GPS Guide For Happiness Find your bliss.
Lateesha Green's GPS Guide On Letting Go Of Anxiety Before Bed Go to sleep with a stress-free mind.
Rachel Toledo's GPS Guide For Falling Asleep Fast Sweet dreams.
Meg Gavin's GPS Guide For Finding Perspective Don't let stress cloud your vision.
Starbucks Breakfast Sandwiches Recalled Over Listeria Concerns The sausage, egg and cheese muffin sandwiches were sold in three states.
Why You Shouldn't Freak Out If Your Waist Is Bigger Than 35 Inches Waist circumference can't tell us much about health on its own.
Scientific Evidence Proves Bromances Are Good For Mens' Health Relax, bruh.
Chrissy Malson's GPS Guide On Prepping For A Good Night's Rest Find sweet dreams faster with this routine.
These Are The Healthiest Drinks To Order At Happy Hour What to *clink* without undoing all of your hard work.
Anna Iwaniuk's GPS Guide For Living In The Moment Practice mindfulness.
Kellie Spawton's GPS Guide For Calming Down Before Bed Better Zs are a few thoughts away.
Imke Stevens' GPS Guide For Letting Go Of A Bad Day Don't let a challenge stand in the way of sleep.
Joseph Chan's GPS Guide For Getting Through A Tough Situation You'll get through this.
When Baby Is Due, Genetic Counselors Seen Downplaying False Alarms Some women are terminating pregnancies based on inaccurate tests.
Another Coffee Perk? Reduced Risk Of Multiple Sclerosis \u2728Java is magical.\u2728
5 Reasons Friends Can Make Exercise Better Working out with a buddy can benefit your health, but not any old pal will do.
4,500 Pounds Of Applegate Chicken Nuggets Recalled NOT a winner, chicken dinner.
6 Signs You Might Be A Narcissist You don't have to be full-blast Kanye to possess narcissist qualities.
The Top 10 Workout Songs For March 2016 This month's top 10 list draws heavily from the Top 40 chart and club scene. While this reliance on pop tunes and big beats might make the list seem one-dimensional at first, there are just enough curve balls to keep it interesting.
6 Tips For Supporting People In Grief In a perfect universe, everyone would be taught how to approach a grieving person with empathy and to think before they do or say something that may unintentionally add to their suffering
These 'Sleep Levitation' Photos Show The Exquisite Bliss Of Bedtime It's time for a nap.
Sex Tied To Better Brain Power In Older Age But the benefits are bigger for men.
5 Reasons Why You Need Boundaries In Your Relationships And Life Learning to recognize our own internal experience and then setting boundaries in a way that honors our internal experience, helps us solidify our sense of self with the external world. It also helps create less stress and more balance in our relationships.
Drink Up, Coffee Lovers! Your Black Brew Is A-OK With Nutritionists Coffee is considered healthy now.
Hillary Sorenson's GPS Guide For Better Rest Sweet dreams.
Coleen Fischer's GPS Guide For Pushing Through A Tough Situation When nothing goes right, go left.
Caroline Taine's GPS Guide For Finding Inner Strength Find your power.
Linda Matchain's GPS Guide On Celebrating Love Open your heart.
Study Finds Women Who Want Abortions Are Often Given Misleading Information It\u2019s the law in 38 states that when a woman chooses to have an abortion, a doctor has to counsel her and give her informational
Diane Hughes' GPS Guide On Recognizing The Bright Side There's always a silver lining.
San Francisco Raises Minimum Smoking Age To 21 The city\u2019s Board of Supervisors unanimously voted to increase the legal age to buy nicotine products, including e-cigarettes.
Carol Chapman's GPS Guide For Better Sleep Enjoy those Zs.
New Evidence That Moms Could Pass High Cholesterol To Their Kids Women with high cholesterol before having kids tended to produce offspring with the same problem.
Irene Steffen's GPS Guide On Enjoying Life Seize every day.
How To Do The Perfect Pullup It's one of the best upper body workouts you can do.
Marlena Titian's GPS Guide On Being Mindful In The Face Of Stress Keep these mantras in mind when you're overwhelmed.
Jacquelyn Kampe's GPS Guide On Making Mistakes Read this when you're ruminating on a mistake.
Helen Fisher's GPS Guide For When You Can't Stop Worrying Your troubles are temporary.
Khaled Kalash's GPS Guide On Happiness Find your joy.
Whole Foods Recalls Maytag Blue Cheese Due To Listeria Risk Stores nationwide carried the product.
Here's How America Became Hooked On Processed Foods It's time to regain control over what we put in our bodies.
The Best Thing I Can Give To My Introverted Son This article first appeared on QuietRev.com On weekdays, my son Felix hits the wall at five o\u2019clock. It\u2019s cocktail hour, when
Bill Cortese's GPS Guide On Finding Courage You're braver than you think.
Janice Wood's GPS Guide For Inner Serenity Calm is within reach.
Mar\u00eda Tom\u00e1s-Keegan's GPS Guide For Lifting Yourself Up Boost your spirits.
Checking Embryo Viability? Give It A Good Squeeze In mice, healthy embryos \push back\ when squeezed.
Lindsay Buchanan's Guide On Seizing The Moment You only get one life -- may as well make it memorable.
A Crucial Inequality Discussion Is Missing From The Election Debates Raising the retirement age is a backdoor way for the government help the rich.
Leila Feldon's GPS Guide For Getting Through Challenges Reminder
Lizzy Klaniecki's GPS Guide For Handing Conflict Serenity feels better than anger.
Maggi Hutchason's GPS Guide On Expressing Gratitude During Stress Acknowledge what's right when everything else feels wrong.
Are You Catching Other People's Emotions? Watch out
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
10 Tiny Gestures That'll Make You Feel Enormously Loved It doesn't take a lot to make someone feel loved.
David Driscoll's GPS Guide For Choosing Peace Say goodbye to anger.
Some Young Men Don\u2019t Know About The Morning-After Pill, But They Should Birth control isn't just a women's issue.
Sarah Bailey's GPS Guide For When You Feel Like A Failure You are not your mistakes.
Noel Comrie's GPS Guide On Positive Self-Affirmations Lift yourself up.
Zhelyazko Ivanov's GPS Guide On Expressing Gratitude Happiness is in the little things,
Angie Greenwald's GPS Guide For Letting Go You can't control everything.
Stacy Ruiz's GPS Guide For Believing In Yourself Go forward with confidence.
Carol Thompson's GPS Guide For Tackling A Problem Push past the roadblocks.
Americans Just Aren't Into Soda Anymore Or sugary juices, for that matter.
Ohio Hospital Performs First Uterus Transplant In The U.S. The transplant can potentially allow the patient to become pregnant and give birth.
Maureen Pietoso's GPS Guide For More Self Love You are worthy.
Your Partner Might Be To Blame For Your Weight Gain It\u2019s not you, it\u2019s them (and also it\u2019s you).
Soledad O'Brien Nails The Absurdity Of 'Work/Life Balance' The award-winning journalist on living a fulfilling life.
Khalfani Lawson's GPS Guide On How To Find Your Center Get in touch with your calm side.
Katie Parker's GPS Guide For Enjoying Your Life Each moment matters.
Laura Robinson's GPS Guide To Get You Back To Balance You deserve to find calm.
Should You Check Your Phone Before Bed? We think you already know the answer to this one, folks.
Emily Forgash's GPS Guide For Accomplishing Your Goals Keep moving forward.
Marta Negri's GPS Guide For Appreciating The Little Things A little gratitude can do wonders.
Alex Lagman's GPS Guide For Conquering Your Fears You've got this.
Annie Vance's GPS Guide For A Positive Frame Of Mind Turn a negative into a positive.
Tackling A Problem? Why You Really Should 'Sleep On It' Sleep > everything else.
Napping Kanye Is The Sleep Meme America Needs Just call him Sleeping BeautYe.
One Hint About How To Form A New Habit (Don't Overthink It) \People might fail to change their behavior in part because they have no insight that planning is inhibiting their habits to begin with.\
The Latest On Zika Gamma rays, funding disputes and conspiracy theories.
HPV Rates Are Going Way Down For Young Women, Study Says Thanks to the vaccine introduced a decade ago, there has been a 64 percent decrease in human papillomavirus for older teens.
Charlie Sheen's Announcement Set An HIV Awareness Record Way to go, Charlie.
More Than A Third Of 8-Year-Olds Are Worried About Money Kids' concerns often reflect their parents'.
The Latest On Zika Infections during pregnancy could increase kids' risk for schizophrenia, autism and bipolar disorder.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
15 Science-Backed Ways To Make Any Workout Feel Easier Breeze through your next gym session with less sweat and better results.
Drinking Coffee Linked To Lower Rates Of Liver Cirrhosis What else can this delicious brew do for our health?
Why It's Not A Bad Thing That Jeb Bush Is An Introvert Down with stereotypes!
FDA Finally Agrees To Test Food For Monsanto's Glyphosate Weedkiller The World Health Organization has declared the herbicide, widely used in farming, a probable carcinogen in humans.
Pecorino Cheese Recalled In 9 States For Potential Listeria Risk The cheese was sold to restaurants, retailers and two separate Whole Foods stores.
Why Russell Simmons Defines Success As Finding Stillness Simmons' journey from hip-hop mogul to yoga-loving vegan.
Pope Suggests Women Can Use Contraception During Zika Crisis The pope stopped short of condoning abortion, however.
Fear Of Losing Money Is A Surprising Weight Loss Incentive Behavioral economics could be the key to meeting your fitness goals.
When Is It OK To Claim You're 'Having A Panic Attack?' Spoiler alert
Poorer Neighborhoods Suffer More During Flu Season Flu-related hospitalization rates are two times higher in poorer neighborhoods than in wealthier ones, a new study finds.
Yes, TV Can Make You A Better Person But it depends on what show you're watching.
This Country Is Making Happiness A Government Priority Sounds promising.
This Top School Joined The Fight Against Teen Sleep Deprivation It's part of a wave of schools joining the 8:30 club.
A Scientific Explanation For Why Teens Are So Darn Moody They actually experience things more intensely than the rest of us.
Katy Perry Has The Healthiest Response To Social Media Aggravation Right on, Katy!
11 Amazing And Unusual Ways To Use Garlic Garlic is one of my favorite possible ingredients to use in cooking. From pasta sauce, to garlic knots, to steak marinade
5 Types Of Meditation That Don't Require Sitting Still Yes, you can meditate on the move.
The Latest On Zika Five Latin American countries are reporting increased cases of the rare neurological condition.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
This Love Hormone Could Predict Whether Mom And Dad Stay Together Oxytocin is a powerful molecule.
Everyone Is Fighting a Hard Battle, I'm Not the Only One Always take the time to be kind. Even when you're suffering with your own pain. And don't assume that someone else has it easier than you. You never know the battles someone else is fighting.
Here's An Easy Two-Minute Trick To Calm Your Racing Mind That logic doesn't stop us from obsessing, though, does it? Fortunately, there are tactics you can use to put the brakes on a runaway train of thought.
6 Theories Of Why We Seek Romantic Love (Since No One Knows For Sure) All you need is love ... is a lie?
Adele Is 'Healthier Than She's Ever Been.' Here's How She Got There. \This is the woman who admits that she could once put away a bottle of wine a day.\
Meet The Smartphone App That's On A Mission To Make You Nicer Who said technology had to be a bad thing?
6 Reasons Being In Love Is The Absolute Worst Let us save you a whole lot of trouble.
This Baby Goat Yogi Is Not Kidding Around BAAAH-maste.
10 Incredible And Surprising Health Benefits Of Walking From a very young age, I was taught that exercise is good for my health.
A Simpler Nutrition Label Could Change The Way We Eat A new study found that a Nutritional Value label helped consumers buy healthier foods.
A Psychological Explanation Of The Fight You Just Had With Your Spouse Everyone's lost their temper at a partner over something completely unrelated to them.
Someone Invented A Wearable Chair I think we can all agree
Some Types Of Light Can Seriously Mess With Your Sleep PSA
I'm An Introvert, And It Makes Me A Better Journalist This article first appeared on QuietRev.com A version of this story was first posted on the blog\u00a0Ninja Journalism. When I
What Soda Commercials Would Look Like If They Told The Truth \Wet sugar with bubbles.\ Yep.
More U.S. Couples Are Choosing To Sleep In Separate Beds Who wants top bunk?
More Than 3,100 Pregnant Colombian Women Have Zika Virus There are so far no recorded cases of Zika-linked microcephaly in Colombia, President Juan Manuel Santos said.
The Top 10 Workout Songs For February February's top picks play more like summer workout mix than a winter one -- thanks to a wealth of pop and dance favorites.
5 Ways To Feel Like A Kid Again What the heck happened? Wouldn't you love to stop becoming an old grouch and be more carefree again? Here's how...
Sexually Transmitted Zika Highlights Brazil's Rampant Inequality Poor women shoulder the brunt of the disease burden.
Excessive Tanning Could Be A Sign Of A Deeper Problem People who tanned a lot were more likely to have distorted thoughts about their body.
5 Ways Toxic Relationships Are Ruining Your Life Toxic means poisonous, damaging or deadly. A toxic relationship drains the life from you, damages your self-esteem, or kills your dreams. While this sounds deadly, toxic relationships can be subtle and do vast harm before we realize it.
12 Reasons To Watch The Puppy Bowl Instead Of The Super Bowl Trade in your pigskin for some puppy fur.
The NFL Has An Obesity Problem Bigger, faster, stronger,  unhealthier.
A Simple Way To Break A Bad Habit Can we break bad habits by being more curious about them?
Chances Are Your New Year's Resolution Will End Today ...but you can change that. \ud83d\udcaa
Exercising More Doesn\u2019t Necessarily Lead To Weight Loss If weight loss is your goal, focus more on the calories you take in.
The Easiest Change You Can Make To Get Better Sleep And it looks pretty, too.
The Food Americans Are Most Likely To Stress Eat Hardly surprising.
A Surprising Number Of Teens With Depression Aren't Getting Treatment More than 1 in 10 teens suffers from major depression.
5 Reasons The Government's Nutrition Advice Isn't Working Nutritionists are unhappy with the government's latest diet advice -- but do the guidelines even matter?
CDC Expected To Declare End To Chipotle's E. Coli Outbreak The source of the restaurant's contamination is still unclear.
Reaching For Your Fourth Cup Of Joe? Here's How To Cut Back Adults should consume no more than 400 milligrams of caffeine per day.
8 Common Habits That Are Completely Killing The Chances Of Living Out Your Dream I'm going to share some negative habits that will kill your chances of living the life of your dreams. If you're exhibiting any of these, it's time to reevaluate your actions and make steps towards changing them.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
12 Steps To Let Go Of A Grudge It's time to get unstuck.
Are Bedbugs Turning Into Superbugs? The small, itchy raised bumps that signal bedbugs\u2019 presence in a home are just the start of aggravations to come. Laundering
Your Survival Rate Could Depend On Your Paramedic's Experience Paramedics with the most experience with cardiac arrest achieve the highest survival rates in patients.
How Antibiotics Could Be Changing Your Kids' Gut Bacteria For The Worse The more courses of antibiotics a child had, the higher their risk for developing asthma and becoming overweight.
Drug Resistance To Popular HIV Treatment Could Spell Trouble The second-line drugs are more expensive and have more side effects.
The Latest On Zika World leaders issued warnings about the rapidly spreading illness.
Scientists Reveal 'Game-Changer' Schizophrenia Findings Almost 1 percent of the general population will have schizophrenia at some point in their lives.
Obama Creates New Cancer Moonshot Task Force, Headed By Biden Obama wants a report on the group's progress by the time he leaves office.
Multitasking Doesn't Work Your cellphone beeps \u2014 you grab it to read the new text. A ding from your computer alerts you to a Facebook post and you
Researchers Have Established A Worrisome Link Between Social Media Usage And Sleep Think twice before you check Facebook in bed.
Try These Desk Stretches And Exercises To Relieve The Pains Of Your Day Job Get your coworkers to join in on a fist-punching session.
Whole Foods Recalls Nearly 74,000 Pounds Of Frozen Pizza They swapped the beef.
Can Your BMI Predict How Long You'll Live? The \normal weight\ range isn't the healthiest for every person.
How To Harness The Power Of Your Squad To Achieve Your Goals #squadgoals is so 2015. Meet the #goalsquad.
CDC Issues Guidance On How To Care For Babies With Zika Virus While Zika virus isn't spreading in the U.S., experts say it's only a matter of time.
This Serious Birth Defect Is On Rise In The U.S. In babies born with gastroschisis, the intestines hang out of the body near the newborn's belly button.
11 Easy, Natural Ways To Treat Nearly All Of Your Foot Problems When it comes to my feet, I like to make sure that they are always in tip-top shape.
One Death Linked To Listeria In Dole Packaged Salad Twelve people in six states have been hospitalized.
6 Reasons To Hit The Gym That Have Nothing To Do With Losing Weight Lace up those sneakers!
This Simple Workplace Change Could Improve Surgery Survival Rates Happier nurses = healthier patients.
The Real Reason You Get Sick After A Stressful Period Has Ended It's called \the let-down effect.\
Reimagining Your Bed But for too many, the bed has become a battlefield. Many millions of us struggle nightly with insomnia, nightmares and other sleep challenges. People with long histories of sleeplessness tell their doctors they hate their beds and they often grow anxious as bedtime nears. They pray for a peaceful night while remaining on guard for yet another battle.
Thriving After Bullying Bullies only win if you let them. Even if it's the hardest, most painful thing that you've ever done, you need to choose yourself and happiness. Don't accept other people's criticisms of you. Hear them and if they are true, make changes. If they aren't, toss them away. Do you... start today.
How to Realign Your Identity With Your Truth Show up the way you want to in this world, have the impact you desire, and create the experiences you dream of. Gain clarity over the identity of the best version of you...and become her. It is all within your reach!
Interview 
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
To Stop A Flu Pandemic In Its Tracks, Close Schools And Classrooms \u201cOur results show that targeted school closures can reduce the overall number of cases in the population.\
Here's How To Improve Your Chances Of Surviving Cardiac Arrest For starters, make sure emergency responders aren't waiting for the elevator.
Officials Waited Months To Monitor California's Massive Gas Leak The three-month leak has been blamed for nosebleeds, headaches and nausea in residents.
Brief Psychotic Breaks Remain A Mystery But even a one-day break increases the risk of further problems.
Licorice Cough Syrup Recalled For Containing Morphine The product was distributed in six states.
In Alabama's Poorest County, Tuberculosis Is Far From Eradicated Experts say the Perry County TB outbreak is worse than in many developing countries.
Eating 'Healthy Fats' Could Prevent More Than One Million Deaths Worldwide Instead of focusing on what not to eat, this study is about encouraging foods we should eat.
The 10 Winter Health Myths You\u2019ve Heard All Your Life \u2014 Debunked! Now that we\u2019re entering the harsh winter months, we have a lot working against us
Biden Vows To Expedite Approval Of Cancer Therapies Some have criticized his \moonshot\ to cure cancer as over-simplified.
Katie Holmes Just Nailed What It Means To Be Happy This is pretty spot-on advice.
4 Facts About The First U.S. Baby Born With Zika Virus Defects There is no risk the virus will spread in Hawaii from this case.
High Fish Consumption In Pregnancy Tied To Brain Benefits For Kids The researchers of a new study also saw a reduction in autism-spectrum traits.
22 Workout Excuses Everyone Has Used At Some Point \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Why It's Good To Sleep In Over The Weekend This week, you've averaged barely five hours of sleep each night.
Doctors Learn New Tricks To Avoid Overprescribing Antibiotics During Cold Season Offering patients home remedies or over-the-counter drug recommendations can help cut back on unnecessary antibiotics for coughs and colds.
How Attending Comic-Con Tested This Introvert's Comfort Zone This article first appeared on QuietRev.com It was inevitable that our 5-year-old daughter, Kavya, would inherit our nerdy
Trader Joe's Recalls Cashews Over Potential Salmonella Contamination Products in 30 states may be contaminated.
9 Ways To Boost Your Metabolism Bonus
Reminder Just a friendly PSA.
Spotify's Running Playlist Proves We Prefer Female Vocalists Who run the world?
How To Start Your Day Off Right In 90 Simple Seconds Start with taking one deep breath for 12 seconds.
Ebola Is Over, But Could It Happen Again? There have been 10 flare-ups in areas thought to be Ebola-free.
The Secrets To Actually Being Happy On Vacation Learn how to leave the mental baggage at home.
Hawaii Baby Contracts The First Case Of Zika Virus In The U.S. A pregnant woman likely acquired the virus in Brazil, causing serious deformities in her newborn.
To Cure Cancer, Biden Says Have To Overcome 'Cancer Politics' The Vice President is urging Americans to demand collaboration among scientists.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Pregnant Women Shouldn't Travel To Countries With Zika Virus, CDC Says The mosquito-borne illness may cause birth defects that include a small head and developmental problems.
Happy People Tend To Value Time Over Money Are you willing to drive farther for cheaper gas? Your answer says a lot about you.
Is It Possible To Eat Your Way To A Cancer-Free Future? Experts from Harvard and the American Cancer Society reveal the latest on cancer and diet.
Hilary Duff's Heartbreaking Instagram Shows How Hard It Is To Lose A Pet We're so sorry, Hil.
Dirty Medical Instruments Linked To More Than 250 'Superbug' Infections \Patients should be able to trust that the devices they need for treatment are safe and effective.\
What Your Brain Actually Does When You Multitask First of all, you make a ton of mistakes.
These Simple Tips Will Help Keep Your Mind Sharp, According To A Psychiatrist Diet and exercise are the first step.
This One Thing Might Help People Who Have Both Diabetes And Depression Mental health problems are linked to a risk of dangerously high blood sugar levels.
When Should You Get A Mammogram? A Definitive Guide Biennial mammograms for women ages 50 to 74 have the most benefit.
Baby's Delivery Method Linked To Immunity-Boosting Gut Bacteria An unexpected benefit of vaginal birth.
The State Of Your New Year\u2019s Resolution In 20 Hilarious Tweets We can all relate.
12 Tweets That Prove No One Should Be Ashamed Of Mental Illness A mental health disorder is not a character flaw.
Getting Sick May Be Evolution's Way Of Telling You To Stay Home MUST... NOT... CONTAMINATE... THE HERD.
Even Nonsmoking Teens Are Constantly Exposed To Tobacco There's no safe level of secondhand smoke exposure.
10 Surprising Things That Affect The Nature Of Your Dreams Our brains work in mysterious and fascinating ways. From regulating our responses to external stimuli to creating the complex
Heartburn Pills Linked To Increased Risk Of Kidney Disease Still, the side effect is rare.
Heartburn Pills Are Linked To More Infections, And This May Be Why The pills seem to change the kinds of bacteria that grow in your gut.
13 Of The Best Movies To Watch When You're In A Bad Mood Go on, escape reality.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed this week.
Biker Injuries And Deaths Soar After Michigan Repeals Helmet Law These are the kinds of things that we wanted to look at to hopefully make legislators see that this was a mistake.\
Transgender U.S. Veterans Are More Likely To Fall Sick Than Peers Health care bias and an unwelcoming environment at VHA facilities could be to blame.
Campbell Soup Will Label All U.S. Products For Presence Of GMOs The company is also withdrawing its support from groups that do not back standards for GMO labeling.
Sorry, Red Wine Drinkers. Your Favorite Beverage Isn't That Healthy. Drinking any alcohol regularly increases your risk of cancer.
WTF Is A Vision Board, And How Do You Make One? Bring your resolutions to life this year.
Cancer Is Now The Number One Killer In 22 States The heart disease death rate, on the other hand, fell 46 percent.
There Could Be A Link Between This Yeast Infection Drug And Miscarriage Still, oral fluconazole isn't commonly prescribed during pregnancy.
Even If You Lose The Weight, Obesity May Still Impact Your Health This makes the fight against obesity even more urgent.
Mark Zuckerberg Resolved To Run 365 Miles This Year He will also build a robot to control the temperature in his home.
The Italian Mob Is To Blame For Naples' High Cancer Rates Decades of illegal dumping by the Camorra mob is harming the city's babies.
What To Do Before Signing A Gym Membership Contract As the new year gets underway, you may be thinking about joining a gym.
U.K. Approves E-Cigarette Prescriptions To Help People Quit Smoking Many experts think e-cigarettes are a lower-risk alternative to smoking.
16 Healthy Resolutions That Aren't Losing Weight Because being healthy is more than just the number on the scale.
4 Resolutions Every Runner Should Make If you resolve to race \u2013 even in a small, free event \u2013 once a month in 2016, you'll conquer race day jitters.
Should You See A Therapist Or A Life Coach? Spoiler
Moving into the New Year A dichotomy at this New Year. As we pack and move and plan and organize, we also see the value in letting go and giving away. Which opens up our lives -- and our hearts -- for the intangible gifts of love, purpose and joy.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed this week.
Premature Birth Could Impact Fitness Later In Life Some preemies have long-term health challenges.
6 Ways Sleep Benefits Your Mind Ready to increase your number?
This Peppy Playlist Is Here To Put You In A Happy Mood Press play and find your bliss.
Why We Should Learn More About Moringa As a 20-year cancer survivor, I thought that I had heard of everything possible to promote good health. Then again, I also believe that the more you know, the more there is to learn. And moringa is proof of that.
3 Secrets for Increasing Your Happiness It's unrealistic to expect that you can create a life that is 100% happy moments. Chasing a problem-free life actually makes you unhappy because every bump in the road is viewed as evidence of failure.  A better goal is to increase your happiness by 20%.  Here are three ways to do it:
What You Need to Know About the Connection Between Sleep and Pain Does pain keep you up at night? How do you handle your pain? Does your mattress play a role in your pain management?
How To Hack Your New Year's Resolution For Success Four nutrition professionals share their strategies.
Kids With Allergies Are More Likely To Have Anxiety And Depression Researchers suspect it has to do with the allergic child's tendency to internalize problems.
Try These Tricks For Better Sleep Tonight Here's how to tweak your environment for a good night\u2019s rest.
Real-Life Fitness Strategies To Survive The Winter Months Maintain, don't gain.
Looking For A Resolution? Try Being Happier Join us for our first 30-day challenge.
Overweight Americans Want To Lose Weight, Aren't Serious About Doing So Extra weight puts Americans at risk for a variety of health conditions.
5 Hacks For Making Your New Year's Resolutions Stick This is your year.
Childhood Asthma Rates Are Leveling Off Except In One Group Of Kids A vicious cycle of poverty and obesity may be keeping asthma rates high.
15 Ways To Catch Up With Friends That Aren't Grabbing Coffee Or A Cocktail For those of us who are sick of whispering personal things in a crowded coffee shop.
Watch A Pair Of Llamas Bring Utter Joy To Nursing Home Residents Rama llama ding dong.
Practicing Without Helmets Could Make Football Safer For Players For elite college athletes, one or two helmetless drills per week significantly reduced head impacts.
This Map Will Help You Navigate An Introvert's Heart From Alone Time Lake to the Sea of Books.
10 Sure-Fire Ways To Be More Productive In Your Everyday Life Let\u2019s all face it
Experts Question 'Fit But Fat' As BMI increases, so does the risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, musculoskeletal problems and some cancers.
Pregnant Moms Don't Need To Avoid These Yoga Poses, Study Suggests Prenatal yoga doesn't have to be as restrictive as we thought.
Drinking Coffee Before A Workout Could Boost Your Endurance Changes the meaning of a \coffee run,\ ey?
How To Actually Make Your New Year's Resolution Stick Victory will taste so sweet.
Kerri Walsh Jennings Shows How To End The Year Like A True Champ It's all about the little things.
Mosquito Virus May Have Caused Brain Damage In Thousands Of Babies Some doctors are advising Brazilian women to delay pregnancy until mosquito season ends.
Improve Your Mind, Body And Heart In 25 Minutes Or Less There\u2019s always time to incorporate these healthful habits.
6 Food Trends To Help You Eat Better In 2016 Get ready for power bowls, spiralized veggies, ancient grains and more.
The Holiday Heartache For many, myself included, this season can often bring grim and painful reminders of the loss of a loved one, pet, relationship or job. We find ourselves forcing a smile and wishing folks well to mask our sadness and depression.
The Silver Lining Of Alzheimer's Disease I Never Anticipated I hope to hear that belly laugh reverberate off the walls, see the crinkles form at the corners of her eyes as she smiles, to watch her enjoy each day like it's her last. Because one day, it will be her last day, and I want for her to experience joy unlike that which she's ever felt before.
5 Ways to Succeed at Fulfilling Your Dream Use the following five tricks to help you succeed in fulfilling your dreams.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
5 Things Everyone Gets Wrong About Napping High achievers nap, too.
5 Healthy-Sounding Foods That Are Actually Sabotaging Your Diet Don't be fooled by the hype.
How To Celebrate The Best Parts Of The Holidays All Year Long It doesn't have to end after the last gift is unwrapped.
Cancer And The Holiday Blues Maybe the holidays have always been your favorite time of year, but now you just can't get in the mood. There is a detachment from the holiday cheer -- it's not in sync with how we feel. The disconnect between the joyous time of year and the sad feelings inside leave can leave us feeling that this holiday isn't how it is \supposed to be.\
8 Mascaras Top Celebrity Makeup Artists Swear By Long, thick, fluttery lashes aren't just reserved for the stars. In fact, the tools the pros use aren't different than what you can find online, at your favorite department store, or even at the drugstore!
10 Ways You're Using Condoms Wrong It's been a while since that awkward moment in health class when you learned how to put a condom on a banana. Whether you were actually paying attention or too preoccupied chatting with your friends, it's possible you may have missed a thing or two about the proper way to wrap it up.
Scientists Pinpoint Where 'Christmas Cheer' Lives In The Brain This brain network is linked to spirituality and the ability to relate to others.
Cardiac Arrest Victims May Be Ignoring Life-Saving Warning Signs \By the time the 911 call is made, it's much too late for at least 90 percent of people.\
When Christmas Isn't Merry Despite how deeply we miss my sister, my family is looking forward to Christmas, to honoring old memories and creating new ones. We know that's what she would have wanted and that knowledge makes it easier for us to go on, carrying her spirit with us as we do.
Christmas, Grief, And Moving Forward After An Alzheimer's Diagnosis The pain of loosing someone to Alzheimer's is not found when they eventually pass, it is found in the many, many, goodbyes you say each time you leave their side. The walk back to the car is maddening as you think about how unfair the disease is, how hopeless the moment seems and the ever present question, am I doing enough?
Why the Obsession With Getting By on Less Sleep Needs to End What's it going to take for society to stop viewing sleep as an afterthought? It's not something to be done after all is said and done, but rather an essential component of thriving personally and professionally.
5 Ways to Calm the Chaos in Your Life Since the richness of life and all its opportunities are not going to go away, what needs to change is how we perceive all that we have to and want to do. A shift in perception can open new doors to the sense of purpose and productivity that we all desire.
Fast Eater? 7 Tips on How to Slow Down These Holidays Current trends are moving away from calorie counting and toward a more holistic approach of looking at adjustments and habits that can help us lead a more balanced, sustainable lifestyle. Slowing down should be high on that list.
Loving Someone With A Mental Illness In all my years covering social issues, I've learned some simply need a little more love and support then others. It may be draining at times, let's acknowledge that but you can handle it, you'll see your much stronger than you ever gave yourself credit for.
Toddlers Are Much Better At Using Your iPad Than You'd Think The effects of using a touch-screen device at an early age are still unknown.
24 Things To Remember When You're Overwhelmed By Stress Something to keep in mind this holiday season
Chipotle\u2019s Outbreak Is Scaring Customers Away From Fast Food In General It hasn't been a good year for the fast food chain.
Patients Fear Spike In Price Of Old Drugs Fred Kellerman, a retired car salesman from Los Angeles, was bedridden with a rare neuromuscular disease when he started
How To Avoid Reverting To Your Teenage Self Over The Holidays Old family roles die hard.
Researchers Predict That Flu Season Will Peak in February Which means you still have time to get vaccinated.
Mindfulness Training At School Could Help At-Risk Kids We still have to solve the problems that are causing kids trauma in the first place.
Introducing Common Grief Let's talk about living with loss.
Yes, Helicopter Parenting Happens, Even At The Doctor's Office \u201cYou can never be too available to your kids, but you can be too interfering.\
22 Animals Wearing Pajamas Just Because Divine.
10 Tips to Supercharge Your Health This Holiday Season To help you avoid gaining weight this season and reduce \food-related\ stress, below I offer strategies that I've successfully used with clients in my talks and nutrition counseling practice. I invite you to try incorporating them into your daily routine.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
6 Things You Probably Don't Know About Yawning We all do it, and we all know it has at least something to do with how tired we feel. But unlike sleep apnea or laptops in
Drinking Coffee Tied To Lower Risk Of Death Drink up. \u2615
Doctors Can Benefit In A Big Way From Your Online Reviews Who here hasn't Yelped their doctors?
Will Cancer-Sniffing Dogs Be The Screeners Of The Future? Research has found canine cancer detection results are pretty accurate.
The Study Saying Happy People Don't Live Longer Was Far From Definitive Do happier people live longer? An article in the British medical journal Lancet made headlines this month claiming the answer
8 Ways That Dogs Are Good For Your Mind, Body And Soul Growing up, my whole childhood was a series of beloved, wonderful pups. There was really no chance that I wouldn\u2019t grow up
Share This With Anyone Who Doesn't Understand Depression Let's beat the stigma together.
High Schools Finally Realize Teens Need To Sleep More We knew it all along.
The Body-Wrecking Effects Of Too Little Sleep It's not just a poor immune system.
Smoking Is Down Among Young Adults, But It's Not All Good News Cigarette taxes may be pushing young people to other kinds of tobacco products.
Secondhand Smoke Tied To Infertility And Early Menopause Women of reproductive age should limit their exposure to cigarette smoke.
This Is Why It's So Hard To Quit Facebook \I wish I knew how to quit you.\ -- everyone, basically
How Sharing Stories Of Depression Can Help You Heal Author Joshua Rivedal discusses his new book and his own struggle with mental illness.
New Coffee Offers Same Health Benefits As Red Wine, Chemist Claims As if you needed another reason to drink coffee...
Too Little Movement? Too Much Inactivity? A very good reason to go for a walk right now.
What It's Like To Have Synesthesia, A Condition That Makes You 'Taste' Sounds \The sound of a banjo tastes like Oreos.\
5 Scientifically Proven Ways To Make Your Gifts Meaningful Bingo. \ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81
Who's Too Old For Major Health Treatment? Very old age is no longer an automatic barrier for aggressive therapies.
The Flu Is Late This Year And That's A Good Thing You still have time to get vaccinated before flu season ramps up.
3 Reasons Why You Should Get Rid Of Your Scale You are not a \good\ person because you lost weight and you are not a \bad\ person because you gained weight-despite the messages that diet-culture may be sending you. I think that owning a scale does far more harm then good and is generally unnecessary-here's why.
8 Bedtime Routines That Will Help You Turn Sleep Into A Spiritual Practice When we say we're turning something into a \spiritual practice,\ it simply means turning our attention away from the physical and toward the mental and emotional.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for December 2015 The end of the year is plenty hectic on its own -- without additional challenges in the workout music department. So, don't overthink it. Just try a few tracks below, then make a few tracks through the snow.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Still In A Crib, Yet Being Given Antipsychotics Andrew Rios\u2019s seizures began when he was 5 months old and only got worse. At 18 months, when an epilepsy medication resulted
Sweet Leaf Tea Recalls 1.5 Million Bottles Over Glass Fragments Not so sweet at the moment.
Pinterest Could Help People With Depression -- If Used Correctly The platform isn't just mason jars and succulents.
Pesticide In Milk May Be Linked To Parkinson's Disease The pesticide is commonly used in Hawaii.
Having Anxiety Might Be A Sign Of Intelligence Good news, worrywarts!
One Woman Gets Real About What It's Like To Live With Dwarfism \Height is nothing to me.\
Childhood Allergies Linked To Long-Term Health Risk Children with asthma, hay fever or eczema are at higher risk for heart disease.
WATCH Nearly 10 million Americans suffer from Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD), where decreased sunlight in the winter months
3 Lessons Medicine Learned From The Life And Death Of \u2018Bubble Boy\u2019 The Bubble Boy, as David Vetter was known, made headlines after being born in a Houston hospital in 1971 without a functioning
Fewer Americans Struggle To Pay Medical Bills Improvements coincided with coverage expansions under Obamacare.
The Introverted Parent's Guide To Surviving The Holidays This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Back when I was smugly in my late twenties, I used to say that the holiday season
The Most Vulnerable Victims Of America's Opioid Epidemic Newborns die after being sent home with mothers struggling to kick drug addictions
Are Wi-Fi Allergies Real? Science suggests that electromagnetic signals aren't causing people's illnesses.
8 Cool Uses For 3-D Printers In Health Care Press \u2018print\u2019 for prosthetic hands, blood vessels, airway splints and more.
5 Things You Should Know About Over-The-Counter Sleep Aids Think twice before turning to an over-the-counter sleep aid.
The 10 Best Exercises You Can Do For The Rest Of Your Life Fitness professionals praise simple, sustainable and modifiable moves.
Try This One Thing Before Assuming You Have A Sleep Disorder You might say that this advice is not exactly rocket science, but, given the cognitive effects of sleep deprivation, it might at least be brain science.
A League Of Ordinary Gentlemen When it comes to talking about the topic of mental and emotional health, what's important is knowing that often just opening the door for the conversation can be effective and helpful. Men are ready for the challenge, I think. After all, facing the unknown, being strong and mastering problems are what men are supposed to do!
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Get The Core Of Your Dreams With This Plank Workout Strong looks good on you \ud83d\udcaa
Human Cases of 'Rabbit Fever'  Have Jumped This Year Weather conditions might be to blame.
Could A 'Star Trek' Device Solve The Global Healthcare Crisis? One Canadian doctor has built one to try to bring the doctor's office home
Restaurant Group Sues NYC Over New Salt-Warning Labels Restaurants think health regulators have overstepped their bounds.
WATCH It could lead to fewer absences and higher graduation rates
WATCH Daily Table is providing affordable nutrition to a community in Massachusetts
Netflix Binging In Your 20s Could Have One Major Health Consequence TV is literally rotting your brain.
Kind Snacks Is Fighting For The Right To Call Nuts 'Healthy' We know more about health than we did in the '90s. Why haven\u2019t nutrition labels caught up?
Starbucks Pulls Turkey Sandwiches In E. Coli Scare More than 155,000 products have been recalled from stores including Target, Walmart and 7-11.
No One Admits They 'Text-Walk.' Everyone Admits It's A Bad Idea. At least we can agree it's annoying?
WATCH Take a step back and have a conversation with your future self.
This Is The First Story The New York Times Ever Wrote About HIV/AIDS It highlights the profound impact media can have on our perception of the disease.
Should You Check Your E-Mail? Let This Chart Decide For You. Do you really need to know there's a Gap sale right now?
NYC's Salt Warning Labels Take Effect This Week The salt-shaker emblem means a dish contains more than the recommended daily limit of sodium.
There Aren't Enough Specialists To Treat Our Growing Obese Population Especially in the South.
Expect The Holidays To Re-Trigger The Grief Of Loss Researchers refer to this phenomenon as \anniversary reactions.\
What's The Difference Between Corn Syrup And Sugar? For starters, neither is healthy.
Getting Fit Online No matter where I am in my travels, we can keep our appointments. I have to admit, I didn't have a good feeling about this -- sure, it was cheaper, but could it be effective? My answer is \yes.\ Yours may not be. There are definitely pros and cons to this, but they all boil down to the individual.
Why Living 'Presently' Could Ruin Your Entire Life Although this advice is alluring and justifying, it often fails to produce desirable results in the real world. Actually, in many cases, it ruins people's lives.
How To Stop Being A Holiday Perfectionist And Have Fun This Year From one perfectionist to another
Being Charitable May Have An Unexpected (And Unwelcome) Effect On You Donation may have a dark side.
7 Pantry Essentials Dietitians Always Have On Hand Here\u2019s what nutrition pros stock on their shelves -- and why.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
5 Things Psychologists Wish Their Patients Would Do Make the most of your therapy sessions with these helpful expert-approved tips.
8 Questions To Ask Your Pharmacist Here's what your pharmacist wants you to ask.
6 Ways To Kick Added Sugar Out, According To A Sugar Scientist Learn how to protect yourself and your family from lurking added sugar.
To My Wife And All Nurses Everywhere, Thank You This Thanksgiving, I'm thankful for all you nurses out there -- who abandon everything about your own needs and wants, to make this world a better place for everyone else you take care of. I'm thankful for my wife -- an ICU nurse -- my hero.
5 Ways to Create Happier, More Meaningful Days Success happens when you do both
Can You Really Catch Up On Sleep? Experts demystify whether you should expect to ever feel rested again.
Got PMS? You Might Have High Blood Pressure In The Future, Says Study However, women who ate high amounts of B vitamin were less likely to develop hypertension.
Slipping Into A Food Coma? Blame Your Gut Microbes Bacteria in your gut tell your brain when you've had enough to eat.
10 Things Grateful People Do Differently More gratitude = Better life.
8-Hour Sleepers More Likely To Be Heart Healthy Another great reason to turn in early tonight.
Here's Evidence That Thankfulness Can Transform Your Life If this doesn't convince you to start a daily gratitude practice, we don't know what will. Thankfulness doesn't have to be
How To Avoid A Thanksgiving Food Coma While Eating What You Want The best advice for beating bloat.
Honey, I Love You... But We Need Separate Beds My husband, Josh, and I shared a bathroom before we ever shared a bed.
At Least 19 Sickened With E.coli Linked To Costco Chicken Salad Nov 24 (Reuters) - At least 19 people may have been infected by E.coli after eating rotisserie chicken salad sold at Costco
The 3 Biggest Health Mistakes Men Make In Their 30s So you're mourning the loss of the weekend warrior you were in your 20s. Never fear. The decade of the 30s is also a good
This Video Nails The Hypocrisy Of The Anti-Vaccination Argument Makes you think, doesn't it?
Speaking More Than One Language Helps Stroke Recovery Learning a new language is great for your brain.
NFL Players Open Up To Break The Stigma Around Mental Illness \I've never been happier and it's because of the work I've put in and the want to change my life.\
Bill Nye Says Empathy Is Necessary For Human Survival It's a complex emotion that can't be wrapped up pretty in a bow(tie).
10 Things Everyone Should Know About Seasonal Depression It's more than just the winter blues.
1 In 3 Healthy Adults Will Develop Diabetes Over Their Lifetime About half of healthy adults will develop pre-diabetic blood sugar levels.
Why I Am Open About My Addiction Recovery There is still such a stigma tied to the word addiction. It is looked at as a form of weakness, or poor self-control. That is so far from the truth. So I choose to be honest and open about my recovery. I do not keep it anonymous. Here are five reasons why:
6 Unconventional Ways To Have A Happier Day If we can achieve daily happiness, then mastering it on a weekly, monthly, and yearly basis becomes reality.  Remember, happiness is a set of appetizers, not the final meal.  Take it in bite sizes.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
13 Cheerful Comics For When You're Having The Worst Day Ever I \ud83d\udc1d\ud83c\udf43 in you.
3 New States Report E. Coli Outbreaks, Likely Linked To Chipotle Of 45 people infected, 43 reported eating at Chipotle.
Unethical Online Pharmacies Are Fueling The Rise Of 'Superbugs' Using antibiotics without a prescription is relatively common in low- and middle-income countries.
E. Coli Outbreak Linked To Chipotle Spreads To 3 More States 43 of the 45 people in the most recent outbreak reported eating at Chipotle.
What My 7th Grade Self Got Right About Fear This article first appeared on QuietRev.com It was my second week of middle school, and I was terrified about my first science
FDA OKs Genetically Modified Salmon For Human Consumption Let the GMO arguments begin.
Tyson Recalls 52,000 Pounds Of Chicken Wings The products were shipped nationwide.
Tasers Could Cause Major Health Problems New review paper highlights the risks that Tasers pose, especially for people with preexisting heart conditions
To Curb Rising Costs, Experts Call For Ban On Prescription Drug Ads Big Pharma obviously disagreed.
Global Drug Spending To Hit $1.4 Trillion In 2020 A bunch of new drugs targeting cancer and autoimmune diseases are about to hit the market.
12 Foods Nutritionists Won't Eat Everyone splurges once in a while, even nutritionists. But these healthy eaters won't touch certain foods.
The Surprising Upside To Pessimism There's a benefit to seeing the glass half-empty.
Study Finds More Evidence That Coffee Can Be A Life Saver Researchers have found even more evidence that coffee can be good for you. People who drink regular, moderate amounts of
Experts Push For Pregnancy Warning Labels On Pot Products Marijuana has not been proven safe to use during pregnancy or breast-feeding.
How Many Glasses Of Wine Does It Take To Ruin Your Diet? With all the holiday parties on the agenda this time of year, you may be wondering how to balance your healthy lifestyle
Why I Can Never Order From Chipotle Again This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I am terrified of failing the Chipotle guy. Or any person in the service industry
Hershey's To Add Real Vanilla To Chocolate Kisses And Bars \Natural flavor\ will be on the ingredients list instead of vanillin, the artificial ingredient that used to give the chocolates their vanilla flavor.
Hollywood's Top Trainer Thinks You Should Eat Whatever You Want* *For Thanksgiving.
13 Things I'm Tired of Hearing When People Find Out I Don't Drink I can't drink. It's not by choice. It's medical. Really. Whenever I've touched the stuff, I break out in hives and my throat starts to close up, which, as it turns out, makes breathing challenging.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
I Thought My Daughter Was An Introvert. She Surprised Me. Sophie is 14 now. Today, she suffers fools only when she is busking with her ukulele and eager to supplement her lipstick
Time In Nature Helps Curb Impulsivity And Boost Self-Control New research may pave the way for nature-based addiction treatments.
U.S. Obesity Rates Are Rising Again, Especially Among Minority Women And experts say they don\u2019t have an explanation as to why.
An Introvert\u2019s Tips For Minimizing Wedding Stress This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Weddings traditionally require months of detailed planning, culminating in you
Fitness Plays A Stronger Role In Survival Than Weight Debunking the 'obesity paradox.'
Neuroscientist An Oxford neuroscientist says that the secret of a good night's sleep is brushing your teeth in the dark, because bright
How To Be Heard When You Aren't The Loudest Voice In The Room This article first appeared on QuietRev.com We\u2019ve all been there
New Study Highlights Dangers Of Belly Fat, Even For Normal-Weight People \Watch that apple shape.\
FDA Warns Another Company About Unapproved Consumer Genetic Tests The company, DNA4Life, believed it did not need FDA approval before selling the test.
Apps Beat Paper When It Comes To Keeping Food Diaries For weight loss, self-monitoring is key.
9 Incredible Benefits Of Meditating Every Day In this day and age, we\u2019re so used to treating any ailments, problem areas, or symptoms with complicated medications.
The Surprising Reason Wealthy People Get Organ Transplants Faster Rich people can afford to travel and get on more than one waiting list.
Being Moody Helps Us Adapt To Change Our fluctuating moods are far from irrational, neuroscientists say.
The First Thing Introverts Should Know About Public Speaking This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I have a really complicated relationship to public speaking. The mere prospect
How Your Bedtime Affects Your BMI \u2018Late to bed, early to rise\u2019 can eventually lead to extra pounds.
Nearly Half Of Pregnant Women Gain Too Much Weight How much weight you should gain depends on your pre-pregnancy weight.
10 Greek Eating Habits That Will Boost Your Health Greens are your friend.
5 Things To Remember Before Taking Criticism Personally It's impossible to know whether criticism is coming from a sincere place or not, but it is possible to process the information in a healthy, logical way. Introducing a few helpful checkpoints to keep in mind when receiving criticism so you don't become a paranoid zombie:
Science Says It's Great To Be Young Millennials aren't a bunch of unhappy stress cases, it turns out.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Most People With Tattoos Don't Get Proper Care Instructions Only seven states require tattoo artists to give customers public health-approved aftercare instructions.
A View From the Losing Side of Health Care I hate insurance companies. I loathe their existence. They serve no purpose other than to make their shareholders happy and their executives rich. They are the reason that healthcare is a losing battle in this country.
Dengue Fever Spreads In Hawaii, But Experts Doubt It Will Stay Health authorities suspect it started when an infected traveler was bit by a mosquito.
The Next Time You See Your Doctor Could Be Via Computer Screen Healthcare companies are touting it as a cheaper, more convenient way to see doctors.
Heroin Deaths Are Surging, But Deadliest Drugs Still Come In Pill Bottles Drug overdoses kill more Americans than car crashes and firearms.
When New Doctors Have Suicidal Thoughts, Online Therapy Can Help The docs are often too stoic and busy to seek help.
3 Meeting Survival Tips For Introverts This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. Dear Val, How do I survive the \u201ctheater of meetings\u201d? As an introvert, I don\u2019t
Rare Multistate Outbreaks Cause The Most Foodborne Illness Deaths, CDC Says The most recent outbreak involves E. coli contamination in food from Chipotle Mexican Grill.
Europe's Asylum Seekers Face Psychological Trauma, PTSD Stigma and anti-immigrant sentiment could worsen refugees' trauma.
Scientists Confirm There's Nothing But Misinformation On Anti-Vax Sites Even when sites did cite peer-reviewed studies, their interpretations were flawed.
The Urban-Rural Divide In Suicide Rates Is Big, And It's Growing LARAMIE, WYO. \u2014 After her family moved from suburban New Hampshire to the wind-whipped plains of southeastern Wyoming, Monica
These Simple Stretches Will Relieve Back Pain ASAP Get the tension out.
Pumpkin-Flavored Products Aren\u2019t As Healthy As You Think Pumpkin seasonings and flavors lack the vegetable's full benefits.
5 Things You Should Know About The Pacific Northwest E.Coli Outbreak The outbreak could extend beyond Chipotle.
Study Finds American Diets Are Poor (But Improving!) Even small changes can make a big difference in reducing the disease burden.
5 Things To Consider When You're Having Trouble Making It Past Your Front Door This article first appeared on QuietRev.com In my last post, I wrote about how overwhelming it can be to even think about
Exoskeletons Could One Day Help Paralyzed People Climb And Turn But first, scientists have to figure out how to make exoskeletons flexible.
Toddlers Are Getting More Screen Time Than Ever (But There's A Silver Lining) The Digital Divide has pretty much vanished in some parts of the U.S.
Many Teen Sex Assault Victims Get Subpar ER Care Sexually assaulted teens aren't getting tested for STIs or receiving emergency contraception.
Obamacare Open Enrollment This story was originally published by Berkeley Wellness. The Affordable Care Act has reduced the nation\u2019s uninsured population
Your Spouse Could Make You More Likely To Survive Heart Surgery People who were divorced, separated or widowed were more likely to die after surgery.
9 Lessons From Running You Can Apply To Your Everyday Life You are so strong. Remember it.
On Making Time For Wellness \Health and wellness\ is something we all want at some level. But when push comes to shove, it's easy to prioritize everything else over it-work, social time, \down time\ in front of the TV or browsing the Internet. The intention is good, but something gets in the way of acting on it.
The Skinny on Sleep and Your Weight Let's be honest
Medicare To Cover End Of Life Planning \A turning point in end-of-life care.\
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed. \ud83c\udf83
Is Taking Birth Control Pills A Band-Aid Treatment For PCOS? Myriad lifestyle changes could help treat polycystic ovary syndrome.
Sleep Apnea Tied To Gout Risk And Flare-Ups Obesity plays an important role in both conditions.
10 Satisfying Low-Sodium Snacks Step away from the salt shaker.
We've Got To Stop Using These Words To Talk About Cancer Drugs Just the facts, please.
Everything This Researcher Said About Baby Formula May Be Wrong Why did it take decades for this fraudulent study to be retracted?
Skippy Peanut Butter Recalled Over Metal Shavings In Jars It's not the day for PB&J.
How To Encourage Quiet Children To Push Past Their Fears This article first appeared on QuietRev.com \u00a0When should parents encourage cautious children to push beyond their fears, and
Why Closing The Breast Cancer Diagnosis Racial Gap Is A Bad Thing More black women are being diagnosed, while the diagnosis rate for white women has leveled off.
NY To Require Training For Doctors Who OK Pot For Patients The 4.5 hour, $250-online course will inform doctors about a treatment not covered in medical school.
Europe's New Co-Pilot Rule To Prevent Pilot Suicide Is Misguided, Experts Say In previous crashes, a second pilot has not been able to take control back from a suicidal pilot.
The Flip Side Of Fear What are you afraid of? Did sharks pop into your head? If so, you may have galeophobia, which stops thousands of Americans
How Extroverts and Introverts Can Understand Each Other This article first appeared on QuietRev.com A while ago, I received a letter from a reader named Lily, who describes herself
California Considers Adding Meat To Cancer-Alert List The state is setting the stage for a potential battle with the meat industry.
Here's When Daylight Saving Time Ends (You're Welcome!) Turn those clocks back.
How We Became The Heaviest Drinkers In A Century Examining this generation\u2019s climb to Peak Booze.
4 Common Carcinogens That Put Bacon In Perspective Air pollution and alcohol are also linked to cancer.
Why a Little Narcissism Can Be Healthy This article first appeared on QuietRev.com John, a 34-year-old biochemist, had come to me for help with his marriage. \u201cIt\u2019s
Just A Reminder That Gratitude Can Be Life Changing It's not just for the Thanksgiving table anymore.
How This Introverted Priest Found Her Calling I grew up in a very Catholic family. We observed all the holy days and ate fish on Fridays, and I attended an all-girls\u2019 Catholic
This Could Be Why So Many Freshmen Gain Weight It's not just beer and Doritos.
Expert Panel Pushes Back On 'Outrageous' Prescription Drug Prices Some suggest that we should only pay for drugs when they work.
Processed Meat Is Carcinogenic And Red Meat Probably Is, Says WHO The meat industry is not happy about this.
Family Stunts Disables Daughter's Growth To Expand Her World In many ways, it comes down to this
Whole Foods Recalls Chicken And Pasta Salad Due To Listeria Risk Affected products were sold in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island.
4 Steps To Add Joy To Your Life The power of happiness.
The Science Of Shyness How to help sheepish kids grow into confident adults.
Trigger Warnings 
I Can't Erase the Past -- I Learned So Much From It 
The Formula to Build Any Successful Habit in Just 30 Days 
A Helping Hand -- The Season to Be Giving 
5 Workaholic Rules for Staying Out of the Emergency Room 
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
One Surprising Thing That Can Make You A Better Runner Quality sleep helps you make the most of your months of hard work and allows you to compete in tip-top shape.
The Scary Truth About Getting Fewer Than 6 Hours Of Sleep Each Night Short sleepers have an increased risk of diabetes, heart disease and stroke.
This Fitness Instructor Is Our New Body Hero Her all-inclusive Pilates studio is shattering fitness stereotypes.
Pot Use Disorder Is Up In New Users, But Down In Experienced Smokers As more states are relaxing pot laws, users (and use disorders) are increasing.
What iPhone Data Can Teach Doctors About Autism, Epilepsy And More There's an app for everything these days.
The Best Jobs For Work-Life Balance Everyone with a job is looking for that perfect work-life balance, but some industries tip the scales better than others
Activist Hopes Public Suicide Leads To More Awareness ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) \u2014 An Alaska suicide-prevention activist is hoping a man's very public suicide at an Alaska Native
Why Sitting Still May Be The Key To Transcending Our Differences This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Let\u2019s talk\u00a0about the mystery of political polarity. How intractable is it, really
Three Simple Steps To Not Take A Bad Day Home Adam Fraser asked families what work-life balance meant to them and he was surprised by the answer. Balance is not about
Half Of Food Industry Employees Work When They're Sick Can we get a side of Purell and some paid sick leave? \ud83d\ude37
You Might Want To Cut Back On The Soap A long time ago, humans learned that being clean was crucial to being healthy. But getting too squeaky clean ... well, that
Moms Have A Hard Time Admitting Their Kids Are Overweight They have an easier time recognizing their own obesity.
WHO Calls For Tougher Laws To Reduce Traffic Fatalities 1.25 million people are killed in traffic accidents each year.
For Pregnant Women, Absolutely No Drinking, Docs Say Prenatal exposure to alcohol is the leading preventable cause of birth defects.
How Mindfulness Improves Sleep New study
How An Introvert Can Stand Up To Pushy In-Laws This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Dear Sophia, My husband\u2019s large family has difficulty accepting me for who I
How To Help Your Quiet Child Navigate Social Settings This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Dear Priscilla, My husband and I are both introverts, so it\u2019s no surprise our
6 Ways Sleep Can Make You More Successful In reality, sleep actually propels your success in several ways, according to modern scientific research, discussed below. From physical to mental, rest plays many important roles in how you act, think, feel and perform.
Labeling Suicide 'Selfish' Is Just Stupid My daughter has schizoaffective disorder. She is also happy, incredibly smart, funny, creative, nerdy, talented, so very kind and a good soul. She is not her illness.
Life Lessons From A Crisis Line Calls ranged from relationship difficulties to family dynamics to struggles with addiction and suicide. No matter what the topic of the call, I noticed some recurrent themes and learned important lessons that will stick with me for the rest of my life.
The Hardest Parts About Being Sober Mostly being sober is nothing short of amazing, but it's not always easy. It's a constant process of self-growth and discovery. I've had to revaluate my entire way of living and coping and sometimes it's hard.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Here's The Real Truth About Mental Health It's time to shatter the stereotypes.
Swap Your White Pasta For One Of These 6 Healthier Varieties Experts clear up the pasta-aisle confusion and share the healthiest boxes you can buy.
4 Things To Think About Before Offering Advice To Someone In Pain Before you offer advice to someone in pain, think about these four things:
Effective Strategies for You and Your Kids to Get the Sleep You Need Now! Once you have established a sleep schedule, stick with it -- even on the weekends. You'll have the most restorative sleep when sleep is predictable. Getting enough quality sleep is critical to your health. Establish good sleeping habits for your entire family with these strategies, and you'll have more energy, be more alert and productive, and lead healthier and happier lives.
5 Killer Life Coaching Questions That You Can Ask Yourself The answers are within us. We have everything we need to create the lives we want. Getting clear is the starting point. An old Chinese proverb says, \The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second-best time is today.\
Love, Loss, And Music This article first appeared on QuietRev.com As a minor key kind of gal, I often wonder:\u00a0 Why does sad music make me feel
Eight Keys To Forgiveness Forgiveness can be incredibly difficult. Here's where to start.
How Lisa Simpson Changed The Vegetarian Game \The Simpsons\ character kissed meat goodbye two decades ago.
Stop the Madness In his quiet, modest way, Glenn was proud of his robot. It was 1974, at a local high school science fair in Boca Raton, Florida
Dietary Supplements Send Thousands To The ER Each Year The biggest troublemakers include bodybuilding and sexual-enhancement products.
What You Need To Know About The 'Herbal Viagra' Linked To Lamar Odom They can contain active ingredients that are in real Viagra.
How To Keep Your Sanity During Your Kid's Birthday Party This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. At what point did kid birthday parties become bacchanals of sugary treats and
Dole Recalls Thousands Of Bags Of Spinach Due To Salmonella Risk The recall will affect 13 states.
Your Caramel Apple Might Be Teeming With Bacteria Caramel apples are delicious, but may come with listeria.
The Best (And Worst) Areas In The Country For Sleep Appalachia struggles with a disproportionate disease burden, and poor sleep is part of it.
Cara Delevingne Gets Candid About Her Battle With Depression The actress is refreshingly open about her battle.
After Doing Its Job, This Heart Stent Dissolves Into Your Body Think of it like dissolving stitches.
Forget Saving The Planet A new study shows that cooking plant-based meals costs less than cooking with the lean meats recommended by the MyPlate diet
Many Kids With Mental Health Issues See Only Pediatricians The research did not include mental health services provided by schools.
How Birth Order Impacts Your Eyesight First-born kids are more likely to be nearsighted.
Many Americans Don't Get Recommended Vaccines Before Travel Half of U.S. measles cases are tied to people who catch the disease while traveling abroad.
I'm An Introvert. Can I Hide At My Own Wedding? This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. After being to a few of my boyfriend\u2019s friends\u2019 weddings\u00a0and knowing my boyfriend
Teens Who Stay Up Late Are More Likely To Be Heavy Adults A surprising downside to being a night owl
The Man Who Grew Eyes The sci-fi dream becomes reality.
4 Tricks For Healthier Snacking Ask yourself these five questions to determine whether your between-meal habits are beneficial -- or detrimental.
6 Things That Will Happen When You're Kind To Yourself Self-compassion strikes a balance between self-acceptance and self-improvement. Rather than getting down on yourself for making a mistake, or hosting a pity party when you encounter hardship, self-compassion involves taking a kind, but realistic view of your experience.
Stunning Health Benefits of Cotton Candy Proposed The controversy and clamor attached to the report of the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee would seem to suggest that something that radical had been proposed. But that's not quite the case.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Kids Who Have Electronic Devices In Their Rooms Get Less Sleep Many kids need more sleep to excel in school and to stay healthy.
13 Times Celebrities Got Real About Mental Health Preach.
How I Finally Stuck To A Meditation Schedule Here are three key ideas that helped me develop a regular practice and unlock the benefits I had been touting for so long.
British Nurse Who Contracted Ebola Hospitalized Again Her condition was described as serious.
How To Live This Year As If It Were Your Last In New York, two Zen monks are helping people live (and die) mindfully.
Why You Need An Introvert In Your Life This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. I have been writing about introversion for 10 years now. That\u2019s a surprising
Bikram Yoga's 26 Poses Are Not Protected By Copyright, Court Rules The court compared copyrighting yoga to copyrighting surgery.
Mara Wilson On Dealing With Mental Illness In The Public Eye Now she's lending her voice to those who feel like they can't speak up.
Take a Picture Today, Feel Happy Tomorrow Snap away. The future-you will be grateful.
Migraines May Begin Deep In The Brain To understand migraines, you need to understand the chemicals in the brain that prompt headaches.
New Jersey Nurse Giving Flu Shots Reused Syringes It's unclear if the same syringe was used on multiple patients or if several of them were reused.
7 Halloween Candies With Scary-Long Ingredient Lists Spoooooky.
Is Psychiatric Genetic Testing Doing More Harm Than Good? Use of genetic mental health tests has grown rapidly. But evidence they work is scant.
HuffPost Is Hiring A Lifestyle Trends Writer Lifestyle Trends Writer Are you a writer who lives and breathes wellness and lifestyle trends? Do you know your REM from
Should You Be Eating Banana Peels? Why would anyone WANT to eat a banana peel? Once the butt of cartoon slip-and-fall jokes, the lowly banana peel is now being
Ovarian Tissue Transplants Offer Fertility Hope To Cancer Survivors It's still early days, but there's a lot of potential.
Brain Scans Could One Day Predict Depression Relapse This could help people decide whether or not to stay on antidepressants.
The Sixers Meditate And So Should You Ball so hard, but not before a little zen session. \ud83d\ude4f\ud83c\udfc0
Shopping At Costco Instead Of The Supermarket May Wreck Your Diet Warehouse clubs and discount superstores may cost you in the long run.
What Extroverts Need To Know About Parenting Introverted Kids You\u2019re confused by your kid. She doesn\u2019t act the way you did when you were growing up. She\u2019s hesitant and reserved. Instead
Study Yet another racial disparity in medical care.
8 Words To Get You Out Of Any Conversation Dinner party, office party, holiday party \u2014 it doesn't matter, we've all been there
How Much Americans Sleep, Text And Pee Every Day Apparently, we sweat and fart a lot, too \ud83d\udca8
General Mills Recalls Nearly 2 Million Boxes Of Cheerios The gluten-free cereal may be contaminated with wheat.
Why Motion Sickness May Become An Issue In The Workplace The future is making us queasy.
8 Surprising Memory Boosters Dr. Roshini Raj, Health magazine's contributing medical editor, stopped by TODAY Wednesday with simple, healthful tips for
4 Low-Risk Strategies For Expanding Your Professional Network Many of our professional paths lead us to\u00a0landmarks discovered by knowing someone who knows someone. One might assume that
Three Strategies For Bringing More Kindness Into Your Life Countless studies link kindness and generosity to greater life satisfaction.
How Our Family Affects Our Happiness, In One Chart Go hug your mom.
9 Ways To Get Your Best Sleep Ever Restful sleep is everybody's birthright. Unfortunately it gets stolen from many of us by the time we reach our teenage years. Hopefully the above tips will help you reclaim it.
4 Ways To Get Energized Without Caffeine Rather than give in to your cold brew cravings, try these easy mental tricks next time you're nodding off in front of an Excel spreadsheet.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
8 Tips For Running Safely And Comfortably (Enough) While Pregnant Hitting your stride with a baby on board is possible with these precautions and expert tricks.
12 Portable Vegan Snacks For When Hunger Hits It can be tough to find something filling and convenient when you have dietary restrictions. (And hey, even if you don't
10 Ways To Make Your Choices Easier Each decision we make depletes our ability for making further decisions without a mental break in between. It's why we make better decisions in the morning, and are less able to resist the things we love (like that big piece of chocolate cake) later in the day. What can you do about it?
How do I Start Lucid Dreaming? Many of the questions I get about Lucid Dreaming come from complete beginners to the subject, and by far the most popular is, simply
Public Emergency Declared Over Elevated Lead Levels In Flint's Water It's not the water supply. It's the plumbing.
Vaccines May Provide Kids With An Unexpected Protection Even more evidence that all children should get vaccinated.
Medical Tourists Get Rare Q Fever After Controversial Treatment People usually get the disease from inhaling barnyard dust.
Legionnaires' Disease Is Back In NYC With New Cluster Officials don't know which cooling towers are causing the outbreak.
In Defense Of Spirituality (With Or Without Religion) Like most modern humans, I was scrolling through Facebook the other day, and I saw something in a friend\u2019s status update
Installing Your TV Properly Could Save Your Children's Lives Anchor your TVs, people!
This Precious Service Dog Learned How To Save His Diabetic Owner's Life Coach can smell when blood sugar levels have risen or dropped, before the symptoms even hit.
Computers Don't Detect Breast Cancer Better Than Doctors They're also really expensive.
There May Be A Way To Prevent Anxiety Disorders In Children Yet another reason to love therapy.
The Best Yoga Poses For Arthritis Downward dog your way to pain relief.
Saturated Fat Might Be Having A Comeback, But It Shouldn't Sorry, steakhouse lovers.
Pregnant Cancer Patients Shouldn't Terminate Or Delay Treatment New study findings should be reassuring to pregnant cancer patients.
Gene Differences Determine Which Breast Cancer Patients Can Skip Chemo A new study showed that women who skipped chemo based on a gene test had less than a 1 percent chance of cancer recurring elsewhere in the body.
This Mobile Chlamydia Test Could Change How We Test For STIs Genius.
The Difference Between Being Introverted And Just Plain Rude I'm an introvert and was wondering if you've ever written about introverts annoying introverts. It's a new problem for me
Here's How To Conquer Your 'Fear Of Missing Out' The \u2018fear of missing out\u2019 is a common feeling. What to do if your FOMO is chronic.
What Every Parent Should Know About Sleep American kids are winning; unfortunately, what we're taking first place in is sleep deprivation.
How To Build Resilience Every Day Here are three ways to make resilience a practice in your life right now -- and reap the benefits of being able to ride out any storm (or surf through it).
'I Can\u2019t Defend Johnson & Johnson' Aside from Gorsky\u2019s deposition, Johnson & Johnson had still not had, or taken, the opportunity to offer its side of the story
ICYMI ICYMI Health features what we're reading this week. This week, an essay struck a cord with as it explored attitudes and traditions
Mobile Pods Let Busy City Dwellers Nap In The Middle Of The Day You can even listen to fairy tales as you doze off.
8 Nutrients You May Be Lacking Certain symptoms -- fatigue, tingling toes, depression -- may be due to a nutritional deficiency.
How Masculinity Prevents Men From Talking About Abuse Though one in six men has had unwanted or abusive sexual experiences,\u00a0men rarely talk about sexual abuse, instead keeping it a secret due to embarrassment, shame, and ideas about what their victimization means about manhood.
Sperm Quality Could Be Affected By This Super-Common Chemical Phthalates are everywhere.
How To Survive The First 72 Hours When Lost In The Woods We all get lost sometimes. It\u2019s so easy to get turned around in a new city, large mall, or sometimes, even your own neighborhood
Keeping Active After A Cancer Diagnosis Could Lower Death Risk Exercise could change the body's response to cancer.
Coca-Cola Spent $118.6 Million On Health Efforts In The Last 5 Years Money can't buy a healthy reputation.
Mistaken Diagnoses Are Much More Common Than You'd Think Patient empowerment is a crucial part of the solution.
More Evidence That Coffee Is Safe For Your Heart Even more reason to reach for your daily cup of joe.
This One Simple Activity Helps Prevent Suicide In Bullied Teens A legit reason to bring back recess.
Food Insecurity And Inactivity Are Driving The Obesity Epidemic Focusing on early childhood health is our best defense against the obesity epidemic.
Common Pregnancy Complications Tied to Heart Disease Deaths Later On Women who had high levels of sugar in their urine during pregnancy were more likely to die from heart disease.
The Bacteria Surrounding Your Body Is As Unique As Your Fingerprints We're talking trillions of bacteria.
The Jury's Still Out On E-Cigarettes As A Way To Quit Smoking There are still too many unknowns.
In The Midst Of Depression, Lessons For Living What habits/routines do you keep that are especially unique or beneficial? I make myself get out of the house, up out of
What This CEO Did Proves That Introverts Make Great Leaders In this video, Susan Cain -- Quiet Revolution\u00a0co-founder and author of the best-selling Quiet
If You Want To Sleep Better, Take A Walk On The Beach A seaside stroll will set you up for sweet dreams.
The Most Important Thing About Introverted Parenting Just because we're a family of introverts doesn\u2019t mean that it's quiet around our house. On the contrary
9 Healthy Reasons To Indulge Your Coffee Cravings Coffee gets a bad rap, but studies show your java habit may actually be good for you. From a reduced cancer risk to fewer cavities, here are the best reasons to enjoy a cup or two.
This Type Of Brain Tumor Is More Likely To Strike Obese People The five-year survival rate is about 65 percent.
The Third-Grade Math Trick J&J Used to Mask Risperdal's Side Effects Six days before Austin Pledger swallowed his first Risperdal, Janssen scientists and marketing executives met with an advisory
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Eating Certain Foods Could Prevent Depression You don't have to be perfect about it!
5 Easy Breakfast Bowls That Are Healthier Than Cereal A nutritious breakfast that tastes like dessert? Sign us up.
Restore Your Power Through Restorative Sleep Sleep is the key to shift from being a human DOing to living life as a human BEing! As Arianna Huffington states in her book Thrive, \It's not 'What do I want to do?', it's 'What kind of life do I want to have?'\
7 Steps To Reframe And Change Your Relationship With Stress Here are seven steps to change your relationship with stress and make stress your ally:
4 Scientifically Proven Ways To Have A Happier Morning Like any habit, this one may take some time to stick. To start, try setting your alarm for 30 minutes earlier than you would usually wake up. It is also important that you go to bed earlier, as sleep deprivation will only serve to decrease your productivity and overall happiness.
From Old Age to Pollution, Science Keeps Changing How We Understand Illness Just a generation ago, heart disease and other chronic diseases like dementia were felt to be an inevitable consequence of getting old. Since the 1960s, however, we have learned that only a small percentage of chronic diseases are explained due to genetic origins.
Knowing These 11 Symptoms Could Save Your Dog\u2019s Life One of the best ways to spot serious medical problems is by paying attention to what is going on inside your body. Unfortunately
Why Listening Matters Most During Times Of Loss How I ended up working as a hospice chaplain is still a bit of a mystery to me. When I let go of my plans to attend law
This Rocker Has A Heavy Metal Warning For Fellow Parents \Lead is all over the damn place \u2014 aging and chipping.\
More Evidence That Antidepressants Are A Much-Needed Therapy, Not A Threat Mothers shouldn't be afraid to continue their depression treatment.
Johnson & Johnson Massages The Data On A Dangerous Drug In 1999, Johnson & Johnson had signed a contract with a company called Excerpta Medica. Its specialty was medical marketing
Dear GOP Candidates, Delaying Vaccines Is A Terrible Idea And yes, \delayed schedules\ is an anti-vaccination stance.
Playing Down The Risks Of A Billion-Dollar Drug By the beginning of 1999, Johnson & Johnson had expanded the ElderCare unit to 136 salespeople from 83, and the materials
Energy Drinks Tied To Brain Injuries In Teens \Brain injuries among adolescents are particularly concerning because their brains are still developing.\
You (Yes, You) Can Do A Handstand In Yoga Class Going upside down isn't as hard as it looks.
If You Drink Diet Soda, You're More Likely To Eat Other Junk Food, Too Diet soda and french fries are a match made in heaven, apparently.
California Paramedics Are Now Providing Preventive Health Care California's Alameda County takes a more holistic approach to health care.
Number Of Patients Infected By Salmonella Outbreak Grows There could be more cases in the future.
Antibacterial Soaps With This Active Ingredient Aren't Worth It Here's a novel concept
Starbucks, Subway And Domino's Rated 'F' For Antibiotic Usage Public health experts worry that the overuse of such drugs contributes to rising antibiotic-resistant \superbugs.\
America's Most Admired Lawbreaker On May 20, about 100 stock analysts gathered in the ballroom of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to
Blacks Still Fare Worse Than Whites After A Heart Attack, Even If They're Rich Socioeconomic status didn't explain racial disparities in life expectancy after a heart attack.
Michigan Resident Tests Positive For Bubonic Plague Sept 14 (Reuters) - A Michigan resident is recovering from the state's first ever confirmed case of bubonic plague, state
Dr. Oz Explains Why Men Rarely Address Mental Health Issues \Men are supposed to, from a young age, adopt men-like qualities, which is not asking for help.\
19 Pet Peeves Every Nurse Will Understand Saving lives is hard work!
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy Highlights 5 Crucial Health Issues Facing Americans Surgeon General Vivek Murthy is on point.
Norman Farberow, The 'Father Of Suicide Prevention,' Dies On World Suicide Prevention Day The renowned psychologist was 97.
Mediterranean Diet May Reduce Breast Cancer Risk The greater percentage of calories that came from extra-virgin olive oil in women's diets, the lower their risk of breast cancer.
Miss Colorado Brilliantly Explains Why You Are Not 'Just' A Nurse \You have changed my life, because you have cared about me.\
This Is The Number One Health Problem Soldiers Face Deployed soldiers are sleeping as little as three hours a night.
Pesticides Linked To Increased Childhood Cancer Risk Children may be particularly vulnerable because their immune systems are still developing.
5 Ways To Forget The 'Diet Guilt' And Enjoy Your Dinner Out Eat well without sucking the fun out of the room.
The Healing Power Of Compassion In Men's Lives Self-compassion is being aware of your own suffering with an interior response that is supportive and kind rather than harsh (I made a bad mistake but I'm a good man and I can find a way to get through it). Compassion is everywhere. Men perform countless acts of compassion on individual and grand scales.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Eating More Fish Could Lower Your Risk Of Depression Mmm, omega-3 fatty acids...
New Fathers Suffer From Postpartum Depression, Too Paternal postnatal depression research suggests men may develop symptoms more gradually over the course of a child's first year, while typically, but not always, women see symptoms earlier.
Health Officials Baffled By Rise Of 'Rabbit Fever' Across U.S. West Tularemia is linked to handling sick animals, insect bites and inhaling contaminated dust while lawn mowing.
How A Cross-Country-Loving Teen And His Service Dog Made History Tyler and his dog, Hugo, run cross-country together.
10 Things You Shouldn't Say To Someone With Chronic Illness \You don't look sick!\ *glares*
This Device Tells You When It's Time To Replace Your Running Shoes You won't have to track your miles or feel pain to know its time for new sneaks.
Michelle Obama On The 'Wakeup Call' Moment In Her Family's Past September is National Childhood Obesity Awareness month -- and few political figures care more about the issue than First
Tiny Hamsters At The Gym Are All The #Fitspo We Need Adorbs.
These Men Ate 6,000 Calories A Day To See How Obesity Leads To Diabetes They found out what happens in the earliest stages of obesity.
Sleep Problems May Hint At Future Heart Disease Risk It's not just about the hours you sleep -- it's about the quality.
Kara Sundlun Shares Secrets To Peace In Her GPS Guide When I\u2019m stressed I take five deep breaths and focus on my heart. I imagine things I am grateful for like my children, my
Introducing ShameOver Because emotions are not a weakness.
Paula Abdul's GPS Guide Reveals How The Star Finds Her Center Paula Abdul remains one of the most celebrated choreographers today. Never has there been another artist to consistently
Carolyn Gregoire's Guide On How Yoga Creates Positive Change \Yoga helps us to see and reframe it all,\ Elena Brower, one of my favorite yoga teachers and wellness experts, once said
Salmonella From Cucumbers May Have Sickened 341 (UPDATE) The cucumbers are being recalled in 22 states.
NYC Will Be The First To Require Salt Warnings On Restaurant Menus The salt industry isn't happy about this.
Share Your De-Stressing Tips On The Huffington Post Create a tranquility toolbox with GPS Guides, and you'll get published.
An Unusual Trick For Seeming Smart Anywhere, Anytime Ask the right questions and you'll be considered a brainiac.
How U.S. Hospitals Are Defending Themselves Against The Next Big Outbreak Here's what's different about our health care system after Ebola.
There's A Serious Shortage Of Psychiatrists In The U.S. As public awareness of mental illness increases, the shortage of psychiatrists worsens.
Runner's High Is A Lot More Complicated Than We Thought Those euphoric feelings can be traced way, way back.
'Groundbreaking' Trial Will Test Cancer-Sniffing Dogs \u201cWe should not be turning our backs on these highly sensitive bio-detectors just because they have furry coats.\u201d
'5 Ways I Stay Positive Living With Epilepsy' This motivation and inspiration has propelled me forward throughout my entire journey. Becoming diagnosed at age 22, just four months after marriage was not what I was planning or prepared for. From the very beginning I've reminded myself and shared with others:
3 Secrets To Building Your Mental Strength Most people know how to build physical strength, but there's a lot more confusion over the steps you can take to develop mental strength. While there are lots of exercises that can help you become mentally strong, here are three secrets to building mental muscle:
What Happened When I Stopped Complaining for Two Weeks So here you go
The Top 10 Workout Songs for September 2015 As summer gives way to fall, let the played out songs in your gym mix give way to some current alternatives. This month's top picks have plenty going for them -- with a variety of genres and tempos represented. Moreover, with just a few new tracks here and there, you can re-energize your whole routine.
Here's The Single Best Way To Stall Aging However, one of the best ways to keep the side effects of aging at bay may be something anyone can do, for free
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
11 Strategies For Dealing With A Bad Day There are many days I just need to get to tomorrow -- all I can do is put one foot in front of the other. If you're feeling this way, ever, you're not alone. Here are some quick actions you can take to help you get through the day --  or even just the minute.
Study Suggests Mobile Devices Could Raise Skin Cancer Risk A must-read for anyone who likes to read on their screens outdoors.
Kraft Singles Recall Expands Due To Possible Choking Hazards A problem with the packaging film affects 10 times as many cases as the company first thought.
Here's What You'll Look Like If You Don't Quit Smoking Talk about a reality check.
Taking A Midday Nap Could Lower Your Blood Pressure It's science.
There's A Silver Lining To The Rise In Bike Injuries More people are biking.
CVS Says Its Ban On Cigarette Sales Has Reduced Smoking Cigarette sales are down.
Young Adults Remember Their Parents' Deaths In Moving Video Have your handkerchief at the ready.
Your Bedtime May Affect Your Sleep Quality Time to hit the hay.
A Good Night's Sleep Could Protect You From The Common Cold As if you needed another reason to go to bed.
Most Americans Have A Heart That's 'Older' Than They Are Not very many of us are young at heart.
A Scientific Guide For Finding The Perfect Workout Music Retire your high school workout playlist and pump up the jams.
To Save This Man's Hand, They Sewed It Into His Belly (GRAPHIC VIDEO) This technique isn't new, but it's rare.
Sleeping Alone May Be Better For Your Health, Studies Show We spend a third of our lives curled up with our pillow, snoozing away to recharge those batteries for the coming day. And
Some Promising News When It Comes To Mental Health Stigma Finally.
Learn More About Neurologist Oliver Sacks' Greatest Works May the 'poet laureate of medicine' rest in peace.
Fast Food Kids' Meals Could Become Healthier If This Policy Passes The nutrition numbers on these meals are frightening.
Want To Lose Weight? Find A Great Doctor How supportive your physician is could play a huge role in weight loss.
9 Things Pessimists Want You To Know Sometimes life's better when it's not viewed through rose-colored glasses. Sure, optimism certainly has its health benefits
This Sleep Habit Could Hurt Your Chances Of Getting Pregnant Using your phone as a nightlight or your TV to soothe you to sleep? You should stop -- pronto. Not only does it ruin your
First-Born Women At Higher Risk Of Overweight And Obesity The answer may lie in the womb.
Five More Inmates In California Diagnosed With Legionnaires' Disease Aug 30 (Reuters) - Five more California inmates have been diagnosed with Legionnaires' disease at San Quentin State Prison
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
8 Ways To Deal With Difficult People Whether it's your parent, lover, friend or colleague, we all have people who trigger us. Sound familiar? If so, here are eight powerful ways you can deal with difficult people who push your buttons.
Some Parts Of The U.S. Still Have Unacceptably Low Vaccination Rates Kids are still at risk of vaccine-preventable diseases in this country.
Compounds In Flax & Sesame May Prevent Weight Gain, According To Study These compounds are also in whole grains, nuts and fruits.
Study Can't Confirm Results Of Many Psychology Experiments A large group of researchers set out to repeat 100 experiments published by leading psychology journals to see how often
This Is The Best Way To Avoid Developing A Peanut Allergy But allergy tests are recommended first for high-risk infants.
Three Generations Of This Family Are Linked To One Womb This is the biggest breakthrough in fertility medicine since IVF
Kraft Recalls Over 2 Million Pounds Of Turkey Bacon Looks like you'll need a new breakfast option.
Scientist Develops Book To Send Kids To Sleep The reviews are pretty wild
Trouble Sleeping? Get Yourself Some Nature It's free and it's beautiful.
How A Social Media Detox Helped Ed Burns Become More Productive The \Public Morals\ creator discusses how disconnecting helped his work.
Woman's 'Hysteria' Turns Out To Be Serious Heart Condition Why is 'hysteria' still a thing?
Bottling Up Your Feelings Might Make You Less Likable Feel all the feelings.
This Is Why You're Breaking Out Take a nap. Your skin depends on it.
Your Backyard Burgers Are Bursting With Gross Bacteria Medium rare? Maybe not.
This Dog's Reenactments Of Classic Movies Will Make Your Tail Wag Is that Rachel McAdams or a pit bull?
Why Having Cancer Twice Is Actually A Sign That Treatments Are Getting Better Strange as it may sound, this is partly a success story.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
5 Ways To Stay Healthy While Working From Home It's all about work-life boundaries.
5 Scientific Hacks to Maximize Your Vacation Happiness Clearly, we are finding it difficult to take time off work. But when we do, emerging research in the field of occupational psychology is here to help us make the most of it. Here are a few ways to maximize your happiness during vacation and reap the benefits long after you're back to reality.
When You Get Dissed, Your Dog Knows And Acts Accordingly Good boy.
The 8 Best Produce Picks For Late Summer Now's the time to load up on tomatoes, figs, blackberries and more fresh fruit.
18 Really Simple Ways To Make Today Better Finding happiness is as easy as changing your perspective.
NYC Names Historic Hotel The Source Of Deadly Legionnaires' Outbreak The rooftop air-conditioning unit is the culprit.
This Type Of Breast Cancer Is More Deadly For Black Women For young women and black women, the death rates were twice as high.
Why President Carter's Melanoma Announcement Was Groundbreaking Thank you, President Carter.
A Science-Backed Reason For Leaving Work Early Today The more you work, the greater your risk of having a stroke.
Toxic Chemicals Taint The 'Best Possible' Food For Babies But breastfeeding is still the best choice for a child's health.
New Study Links Teen Vaping To Teen Cigarette Smoking However, this study doesn't establish a cause-and-effect relationship.
Moderate Alcohol Use Linked With Breast Cancer In Women Researchers called the risk \modest.\
Health Officials Confirm Second Case Of Plague From Yosemite This \does not mean that there's substantially more plague circulating in the rodent population.\
This Body-Burning Yoga Sequence Is Like A Boot Camp Class Sweat, then namaste.
Obesity Gene Discovery Could Forever Change Weight Loss But don't expect a magic pill.
New York Will Now Test Water Towers In Fight Against Legionnaires' Disease Cooling towers will be regularly tested for Legionella bacteria.
Why Group Therapy Is More Than Just A Support Group \One person, a therapist, isn't always going to come up with all the answers.\
FDA Approves Women's Sex Pill Addyi With Safety Restrictions The new drug's label will carry a bold safety warning.
Why More Employers Are Giving Their Employees Fitness Trackers Less sick days, more productivity.
This Is Your Brain On Sleep It's definitely not resting while you do.
How 2016 Presidential Hopefuls Stay Fit On The Campaign Trail For starters, they skip the pie.
The Right Dose of Exercise For The Aging Brain A small amount of exercise may improve our ability to think as we age, but more may not be better, according to a new study
The Best Protein You Can Eat, According To Nutritionists Don\u2019t just settle for any old protein.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Maintaining A Healthy Weight Requires A Good Night\u2019s Sleep Don\u2019t skimp on sleep if you want to shed pounds.
This One Thing Could Keep Cops From Being Shot On The Job It's time to rethink our firearm laws.
FDA Approves OxyContin For Extremely Sick Kids Though controversial, doctors say these drugs are necessary.
20 Low-Sugar Protein Shake Recipes To Fuel Your Mornings Have your birthday cake protein shake and drink it, too!
How The Ice Bucket Challenge Has Changed ALS Research One year and $100 million later...
We Know How To Diagnose Depression. Why Don't We Know How To Talk About It? The lack of a clear definition for depression leaves it largely misunderstood.
Woman Gets Pregnant After Clinic Mixes Up Birth Control Shot And Flu Shot Now she's suing the federal government -- which funds the clinic -- for unspecified damages.
FDA Slams Kim K's Endorsement Of Morning Sickness Drug It's what she didn't say.
U.S. Scientists Speak Out About The Need For Fetal Tissue In Research Vaccines have been one of the best things to come out of fetal tissue research.
A Cutting-Edge Fertility Technique For Pediatric Cancer Patients \The irony of cancer treatment is that it can save lives while destroying the chance to create a new life.\
Legionnaires' Disease Death Toll Rises To 12 City and State are scrapping over how to respond to the public health crisis.
Bust Your Stress With Twitter's 'Calm Yourself In 4 Words' Trend Or, you know, just have a blast.
Woman Loses Vision After Mosquito Bite Transmits Chikungunya Fever There is no vaccine or treatment for the disease.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
How Americans Are Sleeping (So Far) In 2015 It was all downhill from January...
10 Essential Facts About Lyme Disease 
What To Do With Your Mind During Meditation If you have ever sat down in a cross-legged posture, began focusing on your breath, and immediately wondered, \What should I do about all these thoughts?\ this is a simple answer.
Children Shooting Children The usual \gun control\ solution -- better background checks -- will not solve this problem.  Children are not buying the guns that kill them.  The \gun rights\ banner is also irrelevant.  No one who supports the Second Amendment argues that it should apply to seven-year-olds.
Yes, Happiness Can Transform Your Body We'd consider this a good reason to smile.
Heroin Abuse Is Also Fueling This Viral Epidemic Despite this, many states still ban needle exchange programs.
One Common Thing Stands In The Way Of You And A Healthy Diet Self-control can be enhanced.
Teens Aren't Getting Enough Sleep And Schools Are Partly To Blame But some jurisdictions are learning why it's important to let kids hit the snooze button.
Another Person Dies Of The Plague In Colorado This is Colorado's second plague death this year.
Legionnaires' Disease Continues To Spread In South Bronx NEW YORK (AP) -- New York City officials say 10 people have died in the outbreak of Legionnaires' Disease centered in the
The Little-Known Eating Disorder That May Be Going Undetected And it's disproportionately affecting men.
Superbug Infections Will Keep Rising If We Don't Do Something Now They kill thousands of people every year.
New Vaginal Gel With AIDS Drug Can Prevent Genital Herpes The gel worked best in women who used it \religiously.\
'Sleeping On It' Really Does Help You Solve Your Problems Turns out mom's advice was on point (big surprise there).
Boston Mayor Wants To Ban Chewing Tobacco From All Sports Venues Boston Red Sox owner John Henry supports the idea.
There's A Simple Way To Get Skeptical Parents To Vaccinate A picture is worth 1,000 words.
Dogs Have An Uncanny Ability To Sense Frailty And Illness They try to make a person's last days as peaceful as possible.
Americans Are Now Avoiding Soda Soda's reign is over.
How Extreme Exercise Can Backfire \There is absolutely a point of diminishing returns.\
Kraft Recalls 36,000 Cases Of Cheese Singles Over Choking Hazard The Kraft Heinz Company\u00a0is voluntarily\u00a0recalling 36,000 cases of its iconic Kraft Singles. The company informed customers
Actress Lucy Hale On The Deadly Illness Everyone Should Know About Meningitis can be fatal -- but it's also totally preventable.
Jessica Alba's Company Responds To Complaints About Sunscreen \We stand behind the safety and efficacy of this product.\
6 Ways To Be Happier At Work Your commute home is agony. (Last out of the office again!) Afterward, your dinner conversation\u00a0is bitter. (No one appreciates
8 Ways To Vacation Right And Recharge Your Health Embrace the three-day weekend.
More Americans Have A Disability Than You'd Think About one in five.
Fourth Death In New York Legionnaire's Disease Outbreak 55 people have been hospitalized.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
Exercise In Your Teen Years Pays Off, According To New Study Girls in sports, FTW!
Woman Sees For The First Time In Years Thanks To Bionic Eye \I was happy and I was just laughing like crazy.\
12 Things People With Anxiety Can Teach You 
I Did Hot Yoga With 98 Degrees And It Crushed My Teenage Dreams Even though it didn't live up to my very high expectations for all things yoga and 98 Degrees, at the end of the day I still get to say I did hot yoga with 98 Degrees. Hey, that's pretty cool.
8 Weird Things That Happen When You Send a Text The little chime or buzz of an incoming text is almost impossible to ignore. Is it your friend with the killer one-liners? A kiss emoji from your partner? A colleague commending you on your performance? The possibilities are endlessly enticing. But texting also has a dark side.
7 Ways People With Phenomenal Mental Toughness Combat Stress While stress causes some people to crumble, mentally strong people continue to thrive in the midst of added tension.
In Some Ways, AIDS In America Has Gotten Worse The numbers of homeless with HIV are rising.
HEAT WAVE For the millions of Americans facing broiling temperatures and stifling humidity this week, the extreme heat can be uncomfortable
Eating More Salt Means Higher Blood Pressure, Confirms New Study Salt tooths, beware.
Sleep Protects Our Memories In More Ways Than One Just in case you needed more incentive to snooze.
People Are Terrible At Picking Photos That Actually Look Like Them Your favorite selfies are really just lies.
How Long Does It Take To Burn Off Your Favorite Foods? Ever eaten a slice of pizza or an order of fries and wondered how much exercise you would have to do to burn off the calories
Legionnaires' Disease Kills Seven, Sickens 86 In New York City New Yorkers with respiratory symptoms should seek help immediately.
Fishing For Your Dinner Is A Lot Riskier Than You'd Think There's something in the water.
We're About To Know Just How Much Sugar We've Been Eating Brace yourselves.
This Is What Makes Teens Want To Try E-Cigarettes Hint
This Phone App Lets You Contribute To Research On Your Own Disease 'I figured that participating would help my family and friends.'
Workplace Rudeness Isn't Just Toxic. It's Contagious. So check that attitude at the door, please.
Kroger Recalls Seasonings Due To Potential Salmonella Contamination Four Kroger brand seasonings are included in the nationwide recall.
What Your Handwriting Says About You Your handwriting is revealing a lot more than you might think.
What You Should Know About Your Health At Every Age A decade-by-decade guide.
How To Prep For A Digital Detox In 6 Simple Steps Brace yourselves.
8 Tips For Improving Important Relationships In Your Life Behavioral scientists tell us relationships are the backbone of happiness, and I want to be as happy as I was during those long ago lazy days of summer. Here are some tips to help you nourish the relationships in your life, and increase your happiness as well.
7 Steps to Living an Organic Lifestyle To make it easier for you I've put together seven easy steps you can take to embracing more organic-driven habits on a daily basis.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
5 Key Habits To Living A Radiant Life Take these five key habits and integrate them into your life in a way that fits with your own lifestyle and priorities. The stronger you build your foundation, the more power you'll have to live a happy, healthy and radiant life!
30 Stunning Images Of Yoga Poses From Around The World 
How Sleep Affects Your Willpower If you find yourself wanting to make healthy changes, better decisions or more self-control, quality sleep should be one of your biggest priorities. Not only can it boost your willpower, but it can help you make those changes stick.
How To Keep Excuses From Hindering Your Success These women don't let their \buts\ hold them back.
'Massive Institutional Failure' In Army Labs That Shipped Live Anthrax NEW YORK (AP) \u2015 Pentagon officials released a report Thursday detailing recurring problems at an Army bioterror facility
Recall Issued After 62 Salmonella Cases Are Linked With Raw Tuna The Osamu Corporation has issued a recall after 62 salmonella cases were linked with raw tuna.
Got A Sugar Craving? Try Looking At A Photo Of A Cockroach Hey, at least you can say you tried.
5 Lifestyle Changes To Protect Your Brain WASHINGTON (AP) -- The latest Alzheimer's research has a clear theme
HIV Discoverer She's the woman who co-discovered HIV in 1983, and won a Nobel Prize for her work. But next month, French scientist Francoise
An Unexpected Health Consequence Of The California Drought By
12 Places Your Smartphone Doesn't Belong Nearly half of Americans say they \can't imagine\ life without their mobiles. Our devices have become extensions of ourselves
NBA Hall Of Famer Dominique Wilkins Opens Up About His Personal Struggle With Diabetes Just one year after nine-time NBA all-star Dominique Wilkins retired from a successful basketball career, the Hall-of-Famer
New Alzheimer's Research Reveals Startling Statistics For Women A new study found that Alzheimer's may worsen twice as fast as in women.
We're Terrible At Guessing How Much Food We've 'Earned' After A Workout By Kathryn Doyle (Reuters Health) - In a small new study, volunteers who were shown chocolate and sports drinks after an
A Shocking Number Of Us Are Sleep-Deprived. Here's Why. We're all tired, and we're ready to do something about it. Recently The Huffington Post teamed up with Parade magazine to
Dadbod Is Real, According To Science NEW YORK (AP) -- Many men gain a new sense of responsibility and purpose when they become fathers. A new study suggests they
10 Tips For Balancing Work And Home We all know that one woman who seems to have the Pinterest-perfect life. She just made partner at a top law firm, she has
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
How A Cardio Workout Can Improve Your Work Life Don't quit your job. Just go for a run!
'Miracle' Gene Therapy To Cure Blindness Also Strengthens The Brain By
Here's What's Actually Happening To Your Body When You Get A Sunburn Make sure your SPF game is strong
Hospital's 'Laugh Cafe' For Seniors Proves That Laughter Is The Best Medicine Washington's Sibley Memorial Hospital has a whole program dedicated to laughter.
Is It Possible To Drink Too Much Water? We've all heard the \rules\ of hydration
The One Productivity Myth You Can Ignore Pay attention to when you really come alive each day and use that window to do your most important work, not check email or surf the web. I can do those things half comatose, so I reserve them for my least energetic times just after waking up, right after lunch and just before bed.
6 Pool Safety Questions You Need Answered Before You Dive In On a hot summer day, very little is quite as appealing as your local swimming pool.\u00a0 Swimming is the most popular recreational
11 Things To Quit Immediately There are many things in life that cause us to feel stress and sadness. Here are 11 things you can quit doing right now in order to create a life that feels easier and lighter. Starting today you can give up on things that no longer serve you and embrace positive forward momentum instead.
5 Proven Ways To Lose Weight Nutrition doesn't have to be complicated. In fact, the simpler the model, the likelier your success.  No matter if you're a beginner or a seasoned fitness veteran who hasn't reached their desirable level of leanness -- master these five nutritional habits before attempting anything else.
Women Who Sit Too Long Are At An Increased Risk Of Cancer By
Seattle's Polio Vaccination Rate Is Lower Than Many Developing Countries We were smarter in the '90s.
Your Active Social Life Could Help You Live Longer Good news for extroverts
Why Sleep 'Ranks Number One' In Arianna Huffington's Life And her six best tips for catching those Z's.
Lyme Disease Danger Zones Are Spreading Throughout Northeast & Midwest NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 The geographic areas where Lyme\u00a0disease is a bigger danger have grown dramatically, according to a new
Science Finds Even More Evidence That Anxiety Isn't Just 'All In Your Head' Thank your genetics.
Your Smartphone Can Tell If You're Depressed Smartphones can track fitness, sleep and nutrition, and they might be able to detect depression, too. \u00a0 A small Northwestern
7 Mistakes Even Healthy Eaters Make If you hear about a diet that promises quick weight loss, run. If you hear about a diet that eliminates food groups, run
There's Actually An Upside To Small Talk Go ahead, talk about the weather.
5 Poses For Tight Hips A series of yoga moves to undo the physical stress of a long day.
The Strange Link Between Eye Color And Alcohol Abuse Agata Blaszczak-Boxe, Contributing Writer\u00a0\u00a0 | \u00a0\u00a0July 08, 2015 07:44pm ET\u00a0 People with light-colored eyes may have a higher
Why Choosing The Right Surgeon Can Be A Matter Of Life And Death IN FEBRUARY 2012, LaVerne Stiles went to Citrus Memorial Hospital near her home in central Florida for what should have been
How To Sleep Soundly On Hot Summer Nights, In One Simple Chart Summertime is packed with some of the year's best barbecues, outdoor adventures and vacation time, but it also comes with
The One Thing Brandy Does Every Day To Find Balance And it's super simple.
How A High-Fat Diet May Be Screwing With Your Brain Not to mention your microbiome.
This Needle-Free Ebola Vaccine Could Change Everything Scientists have announced the creation of an aerosolized vaccine capable of fully protecting rhesus macaques, a species of
75 Percent Of Workers Feel Tired 'Most Days' Your lack of shut-eye doesn't just zap your energy -- it\u00a0affects your productivity at the office, too.\u00a0 In their latest report
What Your Smartphone's Sleep Interference Could Mean For Mental Health We need to reprioritize sleep.
Are You 'Type A' Or 'Type B'? This Video Breaks It Down If you're a Type A, this explanation is probably a bit unsatisfying. Sorry.
Here's What To Do If Someone Is Drowning Everyone should know this.
ICYMI Health stories you may have missed.
We're STILL Not Eating Enough Fruits And Vegetables NEW YORK (AP) -- Most U.S. adults still aren't eating nearly enough fruits and vegetables. In a large national survey, only
The Top 10 Workout Songs For July 2015 In short, you've got nice weather, new tunes, and no excuse to stay indoors. So, get up, get out, and get your share of the fresh air.
I Really Can't Talk My Way Out of Things... I'm not sure if I'll ever learn that I can't talk my way out of things. Maybe it's the optimist in me. Maybe I'm a dreamer. Maybe I've lost a little touch with reality. Whatever the case, I still believe in miracles, even though they so rarely happen.
Minnesota Boy Dies From Brain Infection After Swimming In Lake MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- A 14-year-old boy who developed a rare brain infection after swimming in a Minnesota lake died Thursday
There May Be A Causal Link Between Smoking And Schizophrenia By Kate Kelland, Health and Science Correspondent LONDON, July 10 (Reuters) - In research that turns on its head previous
New Study Sheds Light On The Link Between Antidepressants And Birth Defects A new study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention finds that pregnant women who take certain drugs that are
23 Signs You Have A Healthy Relationship With Your Smartphone 2. On the rare occasion you forget your phone at home, a panic attack\u00a0does not ensue.\u00a0 In fact, it feels kind of refreshing
This Unorthodox Guided Meditation Might Just Get You In The Habit Hey, who are we to judge?
Gwyneth Paltrow Wants To Teach You How To Yawn Correctly What about eye rolls?
There Was A Silver Lining To The Disneyland Measles Outbreak The Disneyland measles outbreak earlier this year may have had a silver lining. According to a new poll, it improved parents
What A Yoga Pose Can Tell You About The Strength Of Your Relationships If you're a rockstar at tree pose, you may also have solid relationships.
4 Key Points From The Biggest Study Ever On U.S. Military Suicide CHICAGO (AP) -- War-time suicide attempts in the Army are most common in newer enlisted soldiers who have not been deployed
Fitness Tracker Sales Are High, But So Are Abandonment Rates NEW YORK (AP) -- Deepak Jayasimha's fitness tracker is now with his father-in-law in India, where it sits unused. Annabel
Gluten-Free Foods Are Not More Nutritious For Most People, Study Finds A large study of gluten-free\u00a0foods confirms what health experts have long been saying, but many consumers refuse to believe
25 Photos That Reveal Just How Amazing The Human Body Can Be As a culture, we can be so wrapped up in technological advances, it's easy to forget that one essential, most incredible
Jane Lynch Opens Up About Living With Social Anxiety She's one of the most charismatic people on TV, so you may be surprised to learn Jane Lynch has social anxiety.\u00a0 The actress
Obese People May Have A Superior Sense Of Smell By:\u00a0Laura Geggel Published:\u00a0July 07, 2015 05:35pm ET on LiveScience.
The Disturbing Truth About Driving While Stoned By:\u00a0Tia Ghose Published
Malnutrition Rates Are Up Worldwide. Here's Why. As the developing world because more urbanized, the \Western\ diet is spreading all over the world -- and that's not a good thing.
These Really Easy Hip Stretches Will Relieve The Tension Of A Stressful Day We hold a lot of stress and tension in our hips, an area of the body that is often ignored during a workout warm-up or a
23 Things That Feel Better Than A Facebook 'Like' If there were a logo for self-gratification, it would be a giant Facebook thumbs up. \u00a0 \u00a0 We live in a culture where it's
What Deadlines Are Doing To Your Creativity Deadlines have their advantages, but creativity may not be one of them.
Yoga for Surfers Surfers are always, like, totally mellow, right? Not always! While surfing is stereotypically associated with a relaxed lifestyle, the intense demands the sport puts on the body can leave muscles feeling anything but.
Why Twitter Should Be Your New Weight Loss Coach 
4 Words to Solve Anything -- Part 2 
How Your Post-Workout Beer Affects Muscle Growth Beer lovers, rest easy. Though more research is needed, there is currently no evidence to suggest a post-workout beer or two can cause long-term harm.
The Harm That Light Can Do To Your Sleep It's time to start thinking about light as a powerful medicine -- capable of providing tremendous benefit when used correctly, but requiring care and education in that use. Like a potent drug, it's absolutely necessary that we stay educated and aware of all of light's possible effects on our brains and our bodies.
Your Summer Sun Eye-Q 
We Need Your Help. Signed, A Disability Activist I will not stop my advocacy, as frustrating as the rejection and silence can get. I will continue to fight for greater recognition of the disability community in every way, because I believe that this is an extremely important goal.
What It's Really Like To Have A Body-Focused Disorder 
3 Myths About Low Libido 
Two Current Fronts of the American Health Care Wars It's clear that health care in the U.S. remains in a state of crisis. Millions of people still don't have health insurance, and pressures remain great to repeal reforms that have extended even bare-bones insurance benefits to the uninsured and underserved.
The 3 Rs of Eliminating the Self-Sabotaging Syndrome 
How To Survive A Migraine At Work Don't throw in the towel just yet. There are ways to survive the day. Try these seven simple strategies to save your next workday.
Finding Independence Beyond Business as Usual Please understand\u00a0that, as consumers and Americans, you have more options and choices than you know. Celebrate your independence by not being led by current marketing and legislative processes that are not in your best interest or the interest of your family's health and well-being.
3 Simple Truths About Happiness I went out and looked for the right job, the right girl, the right everything. But on my quest to find happiness, I discovered three powerful truths.
The Art of Vacationing Whether your vacation is for a day or a year. Whether it's on a cruise ship or in a campground. Whether it's on the other side of the world or at a local park, it can be a transformative experience. It can be a work of art. It can be life changing. Take one soon. You can't afford not to.
What My Pointer Dog Taught Me About Life and Happiness She lives in the moment, and she chooses to be happy with whatever she's got. She is grateful for the smallest of things, like the freshly cut grass and the warmth of the sun, and now I am too.
You Owe Me! Returning from the war, I was shocked at how little had changed at home.  People seemed to be living their lives in blissful ignorance of the sacrifices being made daily by their countrymen a half a world away -- countrymen whose lives were on the line every single day.
8 Ways to Live in Hormone-y 
I Miss My Old Alcoholic Self Grieving the loss of alcohol or the girl I was when I drank is just part of choosing to be sober. It's nothing in comparison to grieving my brother, which I think will forever be a part of life my. But no matter what it is that I am grieving, the process is the same and acceptance is the answer.
An Appeal for Cognitive Dissonance 
3 Very Good Reasons to Procrastinate This Summer Summer time is a perfect time to attack those long-awaited projects, right? Well, we thought we wanted to do them but realize we need a break. Is there ever a time to say procrastination is not such a bad thing?  Read on to find out.
6 Steps To Protect Yourself From Toxic Friendships Friendships should strengthen our peace of mind and contribute to our inner harmony. Consider taking these six steps the next time you sense toxicity brewing within a relationship and rediscover the joys of truly positive energy.
How To Live With Food Restrictions 
6 Easy Tips for Clean Eating on a Small Budget Is there really merit to the claims that cost makes eating clean unattainable for budget-minded people? And how can you reap the benefits if you're not willing to fork over huge amounts of cash?
On Gluten, Mindful Meditation And Colon-Cleansing What makes smarter than average people less smart about their health? We are living longer but not healthier, despite all the attention paid to health in the media. What we need is more funding for food research and better labeling, not less. More responsible journalistic reporting, not more sensational pronouncements.
20 Meditation Tips For Beginners As a guiding principle, whatever happens during your meditation session is okay. Meet your experience with kindness and gratitude, and your meditation session will be well worth it, no matter what happens.
ICYMI 
How To Make Coffee Even Healthier We've all heard that phrase, \It's not what you said, but how you said it.\ Well, that's sort of what it's like with coffee, because we're hearing that it's not so much the coffee that creates problems but, rather, the way it's brewed... and stored... and ground.
How To Create Giant Success (And Live A Fulfilled Life In The Process) There is a series of mental events that lead to massive success. Each event is the cause for another event. How can you apply this thinking to create authentic success, meaning and fulfillment in your life? Here's the countdown:
Prevention in the Shadows Bad things happen. It's a reality of our world, but we have a choice. We can sit passively by and wait for disaster, or we can work together to try to stop it. This will require a reprioritization that starts to focus on and fund prevention. We already have great ambulances. Now we need to build better, more effective fences.
Brain-Eating Amoeba Kills California Woman 
Evolution of a Writer 
Going Head-to-Head With Your Inner Enemy I have a saying that peace is an active state of mind. We're trying to combine the sense of peace with the necessity for constant work. Peace was often defined as something languid and laid back, a state where you can fold your tent up, stop making an effort, and stop being vigilant. That's not what peace is.
Mindfulness and the Average Smartphone In spite of how it often feels, technology at its best aims for a similar end.   Used wisely, it can make life simpler and easier to manage.  So here are some ways to cultivate awareness and clarity through technology.
5 Tips to Avoid Summer Weight Gain in Kids The great thing about all of these strategies that that they don't just help the kids. Everybody wins when you make your schedule and your environment more conducive to healthy choices.
Best of Maria's Farm Country Kitchen 
3 Ways Introverts Can Communicate Better With Extroverts 
Motorcycle Safety 
3 Ways You're Sabotaging Your Ability To Meditate 
5 Ways to Trick Your Inner Critic Let's talk about the oppression of our minds. How our minds end up screwing everything up, when we don't want it to.
Ditch Work/Life Balance and Find Real Happiness Yes, living your all comes with sacrifice. But by getting rid of the things and relationships that make you only somewhat happy (or plain unhappy), you get to live a life filled with what you love best, and then focus on them with everything you've got.
You Don't Look Like You Have Epilepsy Most people might take into assumption that because I look happy and healthy that there's absolutely nothing wrong. Here's the thing
5 Ways to Love Your Open-Plan Office 
21 Killer Yoga Photos That'll Have You Dusting Off the Mat June 21st, 2015 wasn't just Father's day or the Summer Solstice (if you're in the appropriate hemisphere), there was another event celebrated officially for the very first time on June 21st of this year
Curing My Blindness By Turning Off My Smartphone Before you can say \digital detox\ I was in the throes of an awakening, the \once-was-blind-but-now-I-see\ variety. This was particularly meaningful because I am, in fact, going blind.
Not Going to the Dentist Is Not an Option Regular dental check-ups tend to fall off the to do list of many an adult. But good dental health is not only about the whiteness of your smile, the pink of your gums and the freshness of your breath, but also about your overall health.
Many Moves in 5 
Naked Leadership 
Yoga and Career 
The Well-Meaning Friend 
Spicy Lessons From Veggies 
Oh, the Places You Will Chemo There isn't much to laugh about when it comes to breast cancer, but I made the decision when I was diagnosed six months ago to make it my business to try and distract myself from all the treatment and doctors and side effects. To wit, I offer up a poem.
The Benefits of Good Emotional Hygiene 
5 Harsh Reasons You're Not #Winning At Life Here are 5 hard-to-hear (but straight up honest) reasons your mindset is the cause of your failures; plus, the truths you must embrace about failure if you ever want to reach that proverbial pot 'o gold at the end of the \success\ rainbow.
A Bad Attitude Could Cost You $3,600 A Year Do you think most people are selfish? Do you have difficulty trusting people, even when they treat you with kindness? If so, research shows your attitude may be affecting your income.
Snacks That Are Secretly Unhealthy 
5 Steps for Strong Alignment in Upward Salute 
3 Important Steps (at Any Age) to Prepare for Dying 
40 Symptoms of a Healthy Woman 
Meet The Man Who Helps Hollywood Stay Sober 
What You Eat Isn't What You Get 
The Power of Perceptual Change 
Is My Massage Therapist Judging My Body? 
How to Stick With Good Habits Even When Your Willpower Is Gone Most people think that building better habits or changing your actions is all about willpower or motivation. But the more I learn, the more I believe that the number one driver of better habits and behavior change is your environment.
It's Time For Your Doctor To Get On Social Media 
6 (Non-Embarrassing) Ways to Work Out at Your Desk So you didn't run 30 minutes on the treadmill today. Don't beat yourself up.
Coming to Your Senses 
Your Primary Responsibility in Life 
Pharmacogenetics Pharmacogenetics is the study of how genes affect a person's response to drugs. This relatively new field allows us to combine pharmacology and genomics to develop effective and safe medication dosages which are specific to an individual's DNA makeup. This means minimizing side effects from the drugs!
Eckhart Tolle on Embracing Life's Challenges 
5 Tips To Cultivate Your Intuition So how do we turn up the volume on our intuition and how do we know when it's good information, worth trusting and taking a punt on without reason? These are my five top tips on strengthening intuition:
Protect Your Young Ones With These 4 Simple Rules of Sun Protection A baby's delicate skin is particularly vulnerable in the summer, and cumulative sun damage starts on day one. No pressure, parents and grandparents!
Places Where People Live the Longest and Their Secrets to a Longer Life These are the world's Blue Zones, and through extensive research, Buettner and his team have found their examples can teach us a lot about living a truly healthy life. Here are a few valuable lessons in longevity from each region.
A Painful Problem What this year's Sleep in America poll and other research shows us is that the relationship between pain, health and sleep appears to be quite significant. The results highlight the need for greater understanding of the complexities of pain, sleep and even attitudes going forward.
6 Ways To Get More Love In Your Life While many of us are searching for romantic love, remember that true love comes in many different forms and circumstances. Getting more love in your life requires more than dating tips; you'll have to work at it and make some inner changes to find love that has deeper meaning.
These Illustrations Are Here To Inspire You Through A Creative Block 
Veteran With PTSD 
Here's Why You Like Bacon So Much 
Want To Sleep Better? Many people struggle to sleep and as we age, these struggles become all the more common. However, we don't always have to be victim of a poor night's sleep. Proper sleep hygiene not only enhances your quality of sleep but also affects your work activity, psychological strain and self-control.
A Little Number 1 Can Save Your 2 Kidneys 
High-Risk Tanners Are More Likely To Get Their Fix Outside The Salon 
Why More Men Should Practice Yoga As more celebrities step into the spotlight as yogis, I'm happily seeing more and more men give it a shot. Thanks to yoga, they are now enjoying better flexibility, improved performance in other sports, and less injury.
Ethics of Gluten-Free It might be argued that the money being put toward researching a pharmaceutical treatment for celiac disease, which can be treated with a lifestyle change, is money that would be better used elsewhere.
Were You Born to Cheat? So even though humans cannot (yet) choose or alter their genetic coding, we are (except in a few extreme instances) able to decide what we want to do with that coding. So do we give in to every little impulse? Or do we place value on more than just what seems fun and interesting in the moment? Despite genetic predispositions, the choice is ours to make.
Why Happy Is the New Skinny (And That's a Bad Thing) 
How I Quit Smoking, Stopped Vaping and Learned to Eliminate Stress... One Breath at a Time 
How To Tell If You Have Restless Legs Syndrome 
11 Fitness Instagram Accounts You Need In Your Life 
Calorie Counting Revisited 
Women and Heart Disease My single symptom -- the one odd, repeated, symptom that drove me to call my cardiologist and saved my life?  Fatigue.
How to Keep One Mistake From Derailing Your Day It might take a while to shift your decisions, especially if they are tied to ingrained habits. But with practice, you will be able to notice the habitual act and say, \What will I do now?\ instead of giving into the next knee-jerk response.
Hidden Gluten This is what is so difficult about being gluten-free, the lack of industry knowledge about celiac disease and what it means for a product to really be gluten-free. In my coffee example, it is not the product that is the problem; instead, it was the means of preparation.
Automatic Pilot 
The Threads That Connect Us 
The Soul's Ingredients 
The Power of Expectation A study into the relationship between pain and the placebo effect used the dentist's office as a testing ground. The findings provide further evidence of our capacity to heal ourselves.
10 Surprising Secrets No One Told You Yet About Meditation To the uninitiated, meditation appears mysterious and downright strange.  To the well-practiced however, it's just a normal part of their daily routine. So how does meditation really work, and how are you supposed to do it?
3 Ways to Conquer the 'Scary' Yoga Poses If you tell your students that a pose is hard and scary, it immediately becomes just that. If you break down the pose into accessible bits, then the student may accidentally find themselves in a pose they never thought possible!
Regrow Your Knee The availability of the CMI is good news for people who badly tear their meniscus cartilage. Ideally, meniscus cartilage tears must be repaired and reconstructed when they are freshly diagnosed
5 Gym Rules Every Exerciser Should Know If you're new to the gym you may be intimidated, but if you follow these simple guidelines, it will ease your transition from couch potato to gym rat.
Occasionally you realize someone you thought was a dear friend is actually a foe, their true character finally revealed. But how do you forgive the unforgivable? Here are my 10 steps to handling betrayal with elegance and grace. 
Puppy Love Our pets teach us about our tempers, our limits, our stressors. They pull out of us a different type of love and devotion. They hold the role of supporting you and your family in a way that only an animal companion can.
5 (Powerful) Reasons to Overcome Depression The first thing we do is to deny it and try to hide it as much as possible. But then you get into a place where you cannot give anymore excuses. I then realized I had no choice but to face my emotions and try to kick out this monster that can slowly ruin my peace.
Where You Live Helps Determine Whether You'll Survive HIV/AIDS 
The Cutest, Most Impressive Couple Workout Ever, Dog Included 
The Hundred Dollar Sleep Solution 
How To Cope With Uncertainty (Because It's Inevitable) The irony is that change is the only sure thing -- which is why being able to shift your interpretation of it is going to be far more helpful than any effort to stop change from happening. Here are some ways to start to make that shift, and reduce the negative effects of the stress of change.
Meditation Meditation has been a go-to business tool to help me see others as part of a shared universe. It allows me to greet people with openness -- be it in a male-dominated boardroom, or across the conference table with a colleague.
5 Bold Ways To Reach Your Goals (AND Love Your Life) What if there's a way we can keep our authentic self, still kick ass in business, and genuinely feel happy along the way. Seem impossible? It's not. Here are 5 ways to obtain that healthy hybrid of reaching for your future while also living in the now.
Larry Hogan's Stage 3 Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Diagnosis, Explained 
Reflections of an Alzheimer's Spouse Alzheimer's disease has absolutely no redeeming value. It is a disease that causes great pain for those who have it, and great pain for their caregivers. I hate what is happening and will continue to happen to Clare. I am angry that I cannot have my best friend, my wife, my lover to be with me to share what I had hoped would be our long retirement years.
6 Ways to Overcome Disappointment Setbacks are a natural consequence of taking a risk. You won't hit a home run every time, but putting yourself out there and becoming vulnerable makes you ahead of the person who does nothing.
7 Ways to Beat the Dog Days of Summer With Your Four-Legged Friend 
How to Use Your Journal (Part 2) Noticing your personal patterns is like figuring out what you don't want; it's a good start, but it's not a solution in and of itself. The magic happens when you figure out how you DO want to feel.
What 'Inside Out' Film Teaches Us About Embracing All Sides Of Our Emotions It turns out that our unique tapestry of emotional responses -- whether \njoy, anger, curiosity, disgust, surprise, sadness, fear, shame or guilt -- all serve a distinctive purpose. Even though we might like to eliminate unfavorable emotions, they serve an important role.
Most People Don't Know How To Read A Sunscreen Label 
The Last Father's Day Gift I Gave My Dad -- An Excerpt From the Forthcoming book 
Think You're Sensitive To Gluten? Think Again 
Yoga and the Brain Yoga is a new way of looking at life that translates into a way of interacting with life. The twisting and balancing poses that appear difficult from the outside foster composure and self-awareness--they draw the person back into the inner world.
7 Ways To Carve Out Time To Meditate What's the secret to actually making time for meditation?
Strategies I'm Using to Stay Fit While Traveling I'm still learning and experimenting with different ideas, but here are some strategies I've been using to stay fit while traveling. (Plus, the new approach that I'm taking this year).
AcroYoga, Why You Should Give it a Whirl 
All The Yoga GIFs You'll Ever Need 
Is It Better to Do Cardio or Strength Training First? When you're strapped for time, and need to squeeze cardio and weights into a single sweat session, which should you tackle first? Strength training, according to the recent research and fitness pros. Here's why.
Why You Should Go Out On A Limb And Spend More Time In Nature 
The 5-Minute Habits That Can Change Your Life It is funny how if we accomplish the little things, everything else in life seems to run smoother.  We feel better about ourselves, we have more stability in our relationships, our homes are more pleasant to be in, we are healthier, and we are under less stress generally.
How 'Inside Out' Nailed The Science Of Kids' Emotions 
'Americans Are Just Simply Not Dieting Anymore' 
Yoga for That (Nagging, Aching) Pain in Your Butt 
America's Fittest Cities 2015 In the fittest cities, it's more common that a large percentage of the population meets CDC physical activity guidelines, eats the recommended amount of fruits and vegetables daily and has low rates of health issues like heart disease, diabetes and asthma.
Jack Antonoff Opens Up About Struggling With Depression 
Big, Fat TRANSgression In other words, the best diet for our health depends, as it ever has, not on replacing trans fat with any one oil from any one nut up any one tree; but on seeing the forest.
4 Ways to Break Free From a Shameful Prison When I was unable to see beyond my own shame and insecurities, I did not love myself and I could not provide true unconditional love to others. If you are in a self-made prison, you certainly cannot provide that love and there are people who need you.
Making Therapy Work for You Continued -- Tool 1 To get the most out of psychotherapy try to show as many of the different parts of your personality in your session as you can. We all wear masks -- personas -- to get along in less intimate settings such as professional situations, and to get through difficult times.
Are We Eating Our Veggies Yet? 
Heart of the Matter 
7 Myths About Running That Every Beginner Should Ignore Perhaps you searched websites and purchased a few specialty running magazines to help you get off to a strong start. That's generally a solid approach when it comes to learning about something new, but there are some pervasive myths that could confuse you as a beginning runner. Here are just a few of them:
How to Eat Healthy At... Chipotle Chipotle is known for their local produce, GMO-free menu, ethically-sourced protein--and crazy-delicious Mexican fare. And while their \build your own\ concept can make it easy to end up with a burrito that clocks in at over 1,000-calories (or worse!), you can use it to your nutritional advantage.
Breast Density Disclosure Decisions about such a personal issue as breast cancer screening must be informed by best evidence and include the patient's risks, her breast tissue composition, and her personal choice and preferences, even if her choices collide with her health care provider's preferences
Power Up 
10 Ways To Successfully Handle Defeat As I think back to the many business defeats I endured, restarts in my career and flops that I have experienced, I share with you 10 ways I deal with defeat...
This Is What's Keeping You Stuck 
Stuck in Indecision? Try Feeling Instead of Thinking Your Way to Clarity 
8 Lessons Getting a Tattoo Taught Me About Myself there are a few things this experience taught me about the importance of honoring oneself and going after dreams no matter how big or small. Here are the eight things getting a tattoo taught me about myself:
Michael Jordan's Mindfulness Meditation Coach Woo-woo or not, compassion is needed today more than ever, and perhaps mindfulness can help bring us there. Through Mumford's book, we can all learn to be Mindful Athletes in our day-to-day lives.
Self-Hate Attacks No matter what the etiology, the goal is to recognize the problem, learn from it, and extricate oneself as soon as possible to avoid loss of time and energy. If allowed to persist, the condition can result in inertia and hopelessness.
10 Unexpected, Energizing Snacks To Keep You Going After 3 P.M. 
4 Yoga Poses for Spinning and Outdoor Cycling 
Palatetraining 
The Power of Keeping It Personal Technology has made it so easy to reach so many people in such a short period of time which is an amazing business tool and a way to keep tabs on a great number of people, but we're turning away from the personal touch. Facebook, Twitter, and E-mail are convenient ways to keep in touch with coworkers, friends, and colleagues but they often fail to make or develop deep connections.
3 Uncommon Ways to Maintain Your Real Focus As someone who has an insatiable desire to know and do everything, I've also come to find three insights particularly helpful. Rather than concrete actions, they serve more as mindsets or perspectives to take on all that is available to us now -- and stay centered on what truly matters to us as individuals.
10 Tips to Make Therapy Work for You Therapists do try to explain what it means to work in therapy, but it's difficult to describe briefly how the process works, and delivering even a short discourse in session can be disruptive to the natural flow of the work.
5 Ways Exercise Improves Your Mental Health Whether you're looking for a surge of creativity or hoping to beat the blues, exercise could be a great solution. We've combed through the research and outlined some of the many ways exercise can improve your mental health.
Playing Catch Is Good for You 
30 Things to Do Before You Turn 30 
Nutrition Education Hasn't Reached the Ivory Tower 
The Important Question to Ask Yourself First Thing in the Morning for a Successful Day 
The Good Intentions of Fathers Today, and Yes Even of Yesterday 
Speak From the Heart 
ICYMI 
3 Ways To Rekindle Your Professional Passion Make just one aspect of your work life better, more beautiful or more interesting, and you'll gain (or regain) that sense of connection to your job. And that may be the one boost you need so that your work feels a little bit less like work. Here are three ways to start connecting now.
What I Learned About Living From the Dying 
3 Familiar Symptoms of Not Being Good Enough 
Here's What A Clean Eating Challenge Is Really Like I'd been combing through Buzzfeed's Clean Eating Challenge for a few days, and a lot of the recipes looked easy, healthy and delicious. It was only two weeks, and I would certainly save money by cutting out alcohol and restaurants. Plus, I wanted to feel better. What did I have to lose?
Acceptance Is Best 
You Better Not Be Texting Me in That Tone of Voice! 
Step Away From the Comparison Game 
The Blind Spot in the Anti-Soda Crusade There is much we still don't understand about how artificial sweeteners may affect humans, but a growing body of research suggests turning to diet soda to feed a sugar craving may not be a good bet. A smart approach is to reduce consumption of sugar, fake or real.
Dementia 101 
From Shame to Love 
Get the Fortune, Cookie Optional 
The Irrational Rationing of Health Care 
Is It Food, or Is It Foodiness? Or Is It All Just Dust in the Wind... 
Stop This Habit Today Begin your day with an intellectual mise-en-scene. Plan ahead. Prioritize your list. Above all, put your smartphone away when you are with the people you love. They are your priority, not other people's Instagram feeds.
Keeping the Summer Safe and Fun for Those With Memory Loss 
These Beautiful 3D GIFS Remind Us Of Life's Simple Pleasures 
Could Sleep Apnea Be Tanking Your Daytime Productivity? Sleep apnea is commonly thought of something that affects only older or overweight individuals, when in reality the face of the condition is much broader. It can affect the young or old, male or female, and out of shape to super fit, so awareness of the condition's signs and effects proves important for everyone.
5 Reasons Successful People Seek Therapy Talk therapy can address a multitude of problems that may be holding you back. A trained professional can help you continue on the path to reaching your greatest potential, even when you're already wildly successful.
10 Things Only People Who Are Always On Time Understand You know what's fashionable? A DVF wrap dress. Not strolling in after we've already ordered (and eaten) the entire bread bowl.
One Thing You Shouldn't Do When You're Stressed Actually, take a few, deep, slow breathes before putting food in your mouth. This can help stimulate your parasympathetic nervous system into action and turn ON digestion, which can do wonders for your health in the long run.
That One Time You Lifted The One Thing Is Probably Not What's Causing Your Back Pain 
Practice Meditation, Then Repeat Daily Why is daily meditation called a \practice\?  Whatever you practice on the cushion for a few minutes is meant to be brought into your daily life.  Stillness, presence, mindfulness, calm, breathing, acceptance, forgiveness, loving-kindness or whatever your practice may be, can be brought into daily life.
5 Signs It's Time To Switch Up Your Workout Could changing it up be what you need to get stronger, fitter, faster? Take the test now.
Mindfulness in Your 20s Take time to find the thankfulness in every situation. Once you are filled with thanks, find ways to express that gratitude in what you say and do. One of the easiest ways to feel happy is to make someone else feel it first.
June 10, 1935... The Last Drink Today, I am celebrating Dr. Bob's last drink and the millions of people who have recovered from addiction since that pivotal moment.
How to STOP worrying! 
How to Get From Here to There Understanding what motivates people's decisions and how people can find success is one of the keys to building a successful community.
How I Stopped Living Someone Else's Dream I remembered my dream not too long ago. And ever since then I've made decisions that have lead me closer and closer to that dream. And in return The Universe keeps making it easier and easier for me to get there. It's so vivid now, it feels so close. It's so right.
Changing Bad to Good So if we believe a good restaurant is pricier, friendly or cleaner would we be able to tell if something wasn't quite right?  What would happen if you ordered steak and the chef used a fatty piece of meat he bought at the grocery store?  What if he arraigned it beautifully and the impeccably dressed waiter brought it to you on a platter?  Would you be able to tell?
Being Mindful of the Gifts We Bring to Life Just listing broad categories, one might think of the environment, business, people, or education. But the broad categories would never be enough to get to the heart of the matter. To determine the real impact of each individual person, it's important to be mindful and consider depth.
How to Be Ridiculously in Charge of Your Life Being ridiculously in charge of your own life doesn't mean trying to control the uncontrollable, or trying to \manage\ every element of your life. And it doesn't mean never feeling bad or being upset. It means having the integrity to recognize what is real, releasing the human tendency to resist reality when it's uncomfortable, and developing mastery over yourself and only yourself.
The Power of Words The power of the written word was not new to me. Without books I'm not sure I would have survived those first 18 years of my life. Literature was my medicine, my escape, and my rest, all through growing up. But never did it matter more than during those days with Anna Karenina.
The 9 Highest-Calorie Meals At Chain Restaurants In vetting the menus for more than 200 chain restaurants, Einstein and her team were looking for not only high-calorie offenders but also those that were dangerously high in fat, sodium and added sugars. Here are nine of the highest-calorie meals at chain restaurants:
FDA Panel Recommends Approval Of New Drug That Could Lower Cholesterol 
Why We Secretly Love Other People's Misery Your gorgeous BFF gets a huge, honking zit smack-dab on the middle of her forehead, the day before a big party you'll both be attending. Do you a) feel awful for her and try to pick up her spirits with an \It's not that bad!\ pep talk, or b) try to pick up her spirits with an \It's not that bad!\ pep talk... while secretly smiling to yourself?
'Open Sesame' Are  Not Always Magic Words I believe all consumers have a right to know what is in their food, so they can make informed choices for their families. For food allergic families, a lack of disclosure puts our children at risk for fatal attacks. Food allergic families need this information so we, or our well-intentioned friends, families and schools, don't buy something that has a surreptitious ingredient in it that can kill.
Can a Drug or Surgery Solve Your Weight Problem? To solve your weight problem, you need to make a permanent change in your behavior, made possible with behavioral therapy. Success comes with learning how to eat what you like in ways that keep you at your desired weight and it becoming habitual and a new \normal\ for you.
4 Things I Learned About Having Great Sex From Having Crappy Migraines 
How to Stop Wasting Food Making an effort to decrease the amount of food you waste has several benefits, from money savings to environmental support and even philanthropy. Curious where to start? A little planning and self-awareness goes a long way.
Turning Mistakes Into Motivation The encouraging news is that mistakes are necessary for learning -- and motivation -- to occur.
7 Reasons To Never Miss A Monday Workout If you spent your whole weekend on the couch, waking up for a Monday morning workout might be extra tough. But the start of the week is actually a great time to recommit to staying fit.
How Pessimism Can Help You Lose Weight While belief in yourself and confidence that you can succeed are keys to success, contingency planning is just as important.
How to Know When to Try Something Else 
How To Mend A Broken Heart The need to mend broken hearts has never been greater. But what if we could simply manufacture a new one?
How Campy Vampire Thriller, 'The Strain' Is Really About Public Health 
Take the Pressure Off 
Differentiation 
How to Tell When a Household Member Is Impeding Your Loved One's Care \Our interventions are often for a limited time, so it ultimately falls on the family to make sure the home environment is working. We're always happy and relieved when a family reaches out to us and asks how they can help.\
Saving and Improving Lives Mile By Mile, Coast to Coast 
Be Healthy 
3 Scientific Strategies For Overcoming Procrastination Our tendency to procrastinate may be largely due to the fact that we put things off until \someday.\ Since \someday\ never appears on the calendar, our good intentions don't turn into action until we create deadlines.
The Story Behind The Workout Celebrities Swear By 
ICYMI 
Next Season's Flu Shot Is Going To Be Very Different 
Insights From Hemingway Mariel Hemingway is the granddaughter of one of America's greatest writers Ernest Hemingway. With her memoir, Out Came the Sun, she shows how compassion, education, and understanding can take us all out of the darkness and into the light.
7 Rules For A More Meaningful Life There are many ways to live life -- there is no right or wrong. However, some of us believe in living a life full of passion -- a life where you never feel bored, stagnant, or stuck -- a life where you're constantly excited and inspired.
8 Things No One Tells You About Doing Yoga Actually, it wasn't at all what I thought it would be like. I've now been practicing yoga regularly for almost two years, and while I continue to discover more about myself (and my practice) with each class, these are the eight things I wish had known before spending more time on the mat.
Observing the Damaged Brain for Clues About Dreaming Even with pretty amazing technology at our disposal, dreams -- their function, their purpose -- remain relatively little understood. The study of dreams through brain accidents, abnormalities, and disease will likely continue to be a source of new details that enrich our knowledge of this most mysterious aspect of life.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for June 2015 Familiarity and freshness are key ingredients in a workout playlist. While songs from the former category provide reliable inspiration, those in the latter bring the dynamism. Thankfully, June's top workout tracks feature a healthy balance of both.
6 DIY Stress Hacks Using What's in Your Closet When we keep stress in the closet, we aren't doing ourselves any favors. Instead, bring these everyday items out of storage and put them to good use to minimize the negative impacts of stress.
What Is the Best Way to Deal With Anger? Anger isn't fun, but it isn't going away either. I have found time and again however, the more I patiently catch myself and interrupt the anger knot from getting tied tighter and the more I'm understanding and forgiving of my and other's imperfections, the less real estate anger owns in my day.
Overcoming Self-Doubt Self-doubt will creep in from time to time, and that pesky tormentor will keep bugging you. Just remember that you are in control of your life and the things that affect you. Don't give anyone who makes you feel worthless an extra second of your time.
These Illustrations Perfectly Sum Up What It's Like To Have Anxiety 
High Costs of Cancer Drugs We are in a different time period thanks to scientific discovery. Our health care system and our views of what cancer looks like need to expand to match up with where we are.
Melanoma Rates Have Doubled Since The 1980s. Here's What You Can Do. 
How to Redefine Success Like Stephen Curry We often get stuck like fish swimming in the waters of our lives. We do things to make ourselves look good, to be someone everyone thinks we should be, even at the cost of compromising who we really are. We don't know these things are holding us back, because we've let it become normal.
4 Inspiring Life Lessons I Learned From My Teenage Son There is nothing more humbling and rewarding than taking advice from your kids. Can I make myself feel better by taking credit for my son's intuitive words of wisdom? Maybe not. But I can be smart enough to pay attention. He's making good sense, so perhaps I'm not screwing up 100 percent of the time.
What Your ER Doctor Wishes You Would Divulge If you need to go a hospital Emergency Department, Dr. Dayner offers these recommendations to help get the best care with the least amount of anxiety:
3 Ways to Put Your Brain On Vacation Here are three ways to give yourself this replenishing break for your brain, even without a plane ticket or a night at a B&B.
South Korea Confirms Third MERS Death 
Nestle Makes Big Health Announcement 
Finding Purpose in the Universe That evolution has brought forth a new purpose; one that focuses on how I can create a world of unconditional love. This will change too. Like the direction of the wind, purpose is fleeting and ever changing.
My Choice To Live 
News Flash 
'Darwin Versus Deepak' Organisms kill and eat other organisms because they taste good, hunger feels bad, and getting eaten feels even worse. Conscious feelings drive behavior which serves evolution. Materialists' error is ignoring consciousness.
The Value of Living in the Moment Time is undeniably and exceptionally transient. We can fill that time with meaningful relationships, with character, with introspection, growth and passion, with adventure, laughter, lessons and memories. And better a short time well spent, than an eternity living at the fringes of your own life.
Things Not Worth Thinking About For a recovering intellectual who prefers to use three words when one would probably do, this has at times posed an interesting dilemma. Sometimes I still want to analyze every aspect of the universe in minute detail; at other times I just want to enjoy being alive.
Why You Are Never Finished You are becoming more complete.  But wonderfully, you will never be finished.  Because someone and something new awaits you around each and every corner.
An Epiphany and Finding Happiness After Death Our time on this earth is shorter than we think it is. In the end, we won't be remembered for how much money we made or what we did for a living. We'll be remembered for our kindness and the compassion we extended toward others.
All Of Your Varicose Vein Questions Answered, In One Simple Chart 
8 Ways to Achieve More by Working Less Strategic slacking has enabled me to dramatically increase both the quality of my work and the amount I get done in a given day. It increases productivity because we don't think or work or create at the same rate throughout the day.
6 Tips For Coping With A Debilitating Disease I was diagnosed with a rare, debilitating disease called Friedreich's ataxia (FA) when I was 17.  I am now 33.  Here are some things to consider when thinking about what rare disease means for your life.
Menopausal Symptoms and Non-Hormonal Therapy Try to avoid hot, spicy foods, warm beverages, caffeine and alcohol, as these are common hot flash triggers. When choosing clothing in the morning, dress in layers, so you can remove a layer if you get too warm. Pick light, breathable fabrics.
How Hope Can Heal Us When all is said and done, we don't need scientific studies to prove to us the inestimable value of having, sustaining and sharing hope. For those of us working hard to improve our health, in spite of huge challenges, hope forms an indispensable infrastructure of internal love and support.
What the Medical Device Industry Can Learn From Starbucks 
7 Ways To Improve Your Memory 
It's Time To Stop Wasting Time And Start Living. Here's How. What good is a lateral raise if you can't do a proper press? What good is a fancy business logo if you haven't found your first paying customer? What good is a better guitar if you haven't built the habit of practicing each day?
10 Images That Perfectly Sum Up What It Means To Be 'Type A' 
Prolific Facebook Poster My intention always is to provoke thought, open minds and hearts, as well as to make the world a kinder and more loving place, collectively. Are there times when people's comments push my buttons? Sure. If I find myself wanting to react viscerally, I take a step back and breathe, asking myself how I want to respond instead.
My Daughter's Mysterious Illness -- And My Own I'd spent years of my adult life wishing I could have my own moment of clarity so I could eliminate all the crap from my life, to no avail. But in the very moment I made the difficult choice to live, I was able to look so clearly at my life and see the simplest, most important path, and how to get there.
In Praise of Sadness 
When People Make Unusual Choices Remembering that we're all more alike than not -- and that we only appear unrelated and dissimilar -- will help us stop judging. Thinking inclusively makes it easier to accept different perspectives.
Grief Support for Beau Biden I hope those of you reading this blog will take the opportunity to share it with your friends and family.  These are simple ideas and easy to keep in mind.  As anyone will tell you who have had a death notification you never forget how or where you were told.
How This Entrepreneur And Mother Of Two Creates Work-Life Balance 
An Anthropological Approach To California's Vaccination Problem 
Meet the Disease That Feels Like ALS, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's All at Once In The Lion's Mouth Opens, Walker focuses on young actress Marianna Palka as she finds out whether she has inherited this fate, an incurable degenerative disorder which took her father and now has a 50 percent chance of taking her body and her mind.
7 Fitness Experts On How To Balance Exercise And Sleep We reached out to some of the top fitness experts and asked how they balance their exercise, health and sleep schedules both personally and for clients, and also asked them to clear up common misconceptions they see regarding rest in the fitness world. Read on to learn from some of the best in fitness.
How Daydreaming Can Lead To More Creativity Daydreams have benefits. And with a little focus, you can turn them into a creative task that will help you get more done and be more inventive with everything you do. Daydream more ... with a little direction.
ICYMI 
4 Traps to Avoid When You're Filled With Anxiety Most of us who have faced anxiety know that we should have come out with it sooner, and that doing so brings about great relief. Letting it fester and go untended is a surefire way to add fuel to the fire.
Good Grief Due to nature of the topic many grieving people feel alone in their pain and there exist no magic pills for relief and even time, although it has an effect, does not eliminate grief, at best it just may put it in perspective after a while.
Here Is The Complete History Of Mankind's Finest Food 
Need to Curb Carb Cravings? Try Cutting the Coffee 
Cancer Is Like Your Uncle Ted Who Never Really Leaves... 
Recharge Mind and Body With a Spring Camping Trip As you absorb the fresh air and live in the natural environment, it sends a signal to your soul that whatever rut it might be in can be changed for the better.
The Keys to Healthy Digestion 
This Poster Contains A Single Drop Of HIV Positive Blood 
Why Is It So Hard to Forgive Yourself? It won't be easy, and it will take time (maybe years or decades) but I have identified that obnoxious roommate and now it's time to show her the door.
Ask JJ Proceed with caution, whether you're using balsamic vinegar or its kissing cousin balsamic vinaigrette, which, as a salad dressing, can have added sugar, oil, and seasonings. And don't be fooled by those fancy-sounding commercial balsamic vinegars.
One Powerful, Easy Way to Change the Quality of Your Life Choose to honor life -- not to disparage it. It's the deepest and most natural and pleasurable thing in you. It's who you truly are and you owe it to yourself and others to live life fully with goodness and generosity. Go for it! You can have real and lasting happiness.
Get Off the Stage and Get in the Moment Pictures and other means of documentation are valuable because they assist in keeping the memories alive; however, what if they also create a distraction from the importance and beauty of the actual moment?
5 Ways You Can Successfully Keep Up With Your Life If you are truly connected to your life in all manner of your existence, you will successfully keep up with your life. Living is a creative expression of what makes you who you are. Think of the joy when everyone sits at the table of life without fear of being judged or labeled, living freely, dancing freely and giving freely.
5 Bittersweet Truths That Put Life Into Perspective Stop waiting for life to be kinder, for the storms to calm, for your big break to magically appear, for your white knight to round the corner or for a fair maiden to come and fulfill your every desire. Stop betraying yourself. Stop betraying your dreams.
How I Learned to Manage Bipolar Disorder 
10 Things You Didn't Know About Following Your Dreams I've learnt more since I quit my nine-to-five job to start my own business than in 10 years working in public relations. Like most entrepreneurs, I am an autodidact. I also surrounded myself with smart, successful people and learn as much as I can from them. Following my dreams has been a lesson in growth. Here are my top 10 life altering realizations
Warm Up for One-Legged King Pigeon Pose Mastering this deep hip opener and backbend can help stretch these areas and release tension. Use the following five poses from teacher Chelsea Jackson to warm up safely for One-Legged King Pigeon.
Black Men and Our Health I overstand why Black males in America do what we do. So many of us simply do not know how to take care of ourselves, holistically, in the face of the multiple challenges we confront every single day.
7 Daily Motivations From My Dailey Cycle Class It made perfect sense to me that I should try a \spin class\ of my own, thinking that maybe it would change my life too.  As fate would have it, my neighborhood workout studio just opened a brand new cycle class, at the beginning of the year. I signed up and have not looked back. Here are the top seven motivations Dailey Cycle has given me, one step at a time:
A Hidden Danger In The New Versions Of Birth Control Pills 
What Not To Say To The Newly-Diagnosed During these days and the two weeks I spent recovering from my near-death experience, I had the most inconsiderate and frustrating things said to me.  These left me further discouraged and upset.
The Organic Home Run 
The Secret Diet Health Industry Professionals Don't Want You to Know About! In order to develop lifelong, healthy dieting practices, permanent behavior change backed by consistency and discipline should be your new goal. By making small positive adjustments to your diet, you can eventually transform the way you eat in order to create a healthier happier person.
The Clutter of Information Overload 
Raise Your Glass 
What Choking Grown Men Taught Me About Life (And Business) I want you to keep trying -- no matter how discouraged you get. You'll be amazed at the life you can lead when you stop looking for the easy way out of life's chokehold, and instead, persevere in spite of it.
Rhode Island Blames STD Spike On Hookup Apps Like Tinder 
Dare to Be 100 
What You Learn From 1,000 Days of Meditation In 2009, I made the unusual decision to sell a company I had built for 14 years, donate nearly all the money and give away my possessions to undertake a three-year meditation retreat.
Severe Infections In Childhood Linked To Lower IQ 
Want a Lasting Relationship? Embrace This One Agreement Positive change brings new opportunities and enthusiasm, which can be contagious and inspiring. We all know how good it feels when we're in our flow. We are more alive, more present and more connected. Isn't that what we all want for ourselves and for our loved ones?
Mindfulness in Your 20s Try reminding yourself that you're living a story, and a story always involves the unexpected. And if you're waiting for the part when it gets good, trust me, you're in a good part right now.
How to Keep Your Feet in Good Shape This Summer These types of problems can be found on your feet as rough, dry, cracked heels, callus/corn formation on the toes or balls of your feet and arch cramps or fatigue from all the long walks or vacation shopping that accompany summer activities.
How Do Scientists Study Dreams? Dreams are a compelling area of research for scientists, in part because there's still so much to learn about how, and why, we dream. For all the scientific attention paid to dreaming, many of the most fundamental and important questions about dreaming remain unanswered.
10 Rules Fit People Live By 
'Food Nazi' or Responsible Foreperson? 
5 Key Things People Who Love Their Jobs Do Differently Find someone who says they love their job and you've found someone who loves their life. People who are happy with life before and after 5 p.m. do their whole lives differently. Here are some characteristics of people who love their jobs and five things they're doing right all the time.
How Can a Personal Trainer Boost Your Workouts? If you're starting a new exercise routine, the support of a trainer can bolster your commitment to your workout routine.
Summer Fun Shadowed by Deadly Skin Cancer 
Summertime Prevention is not only the least expensive form of medicine and the healthiest, it is also the friendliest and most neighborly.  Be a good neighbor and enjoy your summer -- get vaccinated.
Doctors Aren't Recommending Colon Cancer Tests To Those Who Need It  Most 
This Popular Candy-Maker Is Supporting Sugar Limits 
15 Eating Habits That Make You Live Longer 
The 6 Most Common Running Pains And When To See A Doctor One of the most challenging parts of running is preventing wear and tear, so here's the low-down on the most common and problematic injuries David Geier, MD sees in runners, how to fix them yourself and when to get help.
Why Loving Yourself Is The Most Selfless Thing You Can Do There seems to be a very beautiful trend taking shape that I am completely devoted to
ICYMI 
6 Ways To Cultivate Better Relationships For More Happiness Throughout our lives no one teaches us how to be in relationships. There are no classes in school that tell us how to have healthy and happy relationships. We are often just navigating them on our own and learning as we go. Given that we are often uneducated on healthy relationships, what are some things one can do to cultivate better relationships with others? Here are a few tips.
Sleeping Around Being the somnonaut that I am, I have always been interested in trying to sleep in a R.E.S.T tank. While I was never convinced that I would emerge from the experience transformed into a short, hairy primitive being as in the 1980 William Hurt movie Altered States, I have always believed that the experience could be transformative.
5 Healthy BBQ Tips For Your Best Holiday Grilling Yet 
How Weather Influences Your Sleep Though many aspects of achieving good sleep are under our control, one often-overlooked factor is the outside environment. Changes to temperature, atmospheric pressure, humidity and precipitation influence us in many ways, both positive and negative.
Why Eating Healthy Is Like Dating A Guy That Looks Good On Paper 
The Family Dinner The forests that produce our oxygen are in turn dependent on animal species that are sustained by them, and pay it back in various ways, such as by dispersing seeds. The vast interdependence of life is a bedrock principle of biology, from bees to buffalo to banyan trees. As glaciers melt and sea levels rise, our fellow species and we will sink or swim together.
The Secret to Weight Loss Isn't What You Think 
Are You an Optimist? Optimism requires hope. It expects good to triumph over evil. It obliges us to believe in heroes, in the rewards of virtue and that every cloud has a silver lining. Optimism requires us to believe that we can make a difference if we just put one foot in front of the other, even on those days when we feel like curling up into a ball and closing out the world.
People With Depression Have A Greater Risk Of Developing Parkinson's Disease 
How to Let Go of Your Fears in Five Steps Notice what does not belong to you, that is holding you back and eliminate it from your life; do not let it slow you down. The following tasks help me each and every time I would like to conquer my fears.
8 Tips to Help Boost Your Immune System 
Melissa King Lost 235 Pounds So She Could Live Out Her Dreams of Hiking, Ziplining And Skydiving 
I Suppose I'd Call Myself an Adult All joking aside, I'd say that I spend an exceptional amount of time thinking about what it means to be an adult. At 26, I wrestle with this notion constantly, sometimes what feels like every moment of every day.
Doctors Have a Moral Responsibility to Discuss Alternatives to Conventional Medicine 
Nomophobia Essentially, the term nomophobia is a mashup of \no mobile phone phobia.\ The term originated in 2008 in conjunction with a study commissioned by the British Postal Service (perhaps fearing that smartphones were putting them out of business).
Little Town on the Prairie Embraces Healthy Living In real life, this is Albert Lea, Minnesota, a town of 18,000 working to prove that healthy lifestyles like walking and good nutrition are not just big city things.
The Train to Somewhere 
3 Ways to Use Priorities to Defuse Your Stress Determining what's truly on top of your list is how you recognize your limits and accept realistic expectations. Not only that, you also are better connected to the important reasons behind all that you're doing, which is a powerful vaccination against chronic stress. Here are three ways to get started.
Why I Have Given Up the Pursuit of Happiness I'm on a quest to continue to connect with the rest of the world. I am on a quest to experience and give experiences. I want to take that step forward and be in the universe. I want to help and love and reach out and, maybe through that kindness and care and charity, find a little meaning, a little satisfaction, a moment or two of happiness for myself.
5 Reasons Doing Dishes, Laundry and Cleaning Could Be Ruining Your Creative Flow I admire all the mothers and fathers who nurture and respect the home by cleaning and organizing. But some of us may benefit from letting go of a few tasks, to then benefit from being creative in other ways.
Half-Baked -- The Retail Promotion of Marijuana Edibles Still, edibles that resemble sugary snacks pose several clear risks. One is overintoxication. Whereas consumers commonly assume that a candy bar constitutes a single serving, some of these products contain four or more times the level of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) that is considered to be a safe dose.
The Possible Disease-Fighter in Your Spice Rack 
Misery May Love Company, but Your Company Should Not Love Misery All it takes is a little thought, effort and commitment, and any workplace can reduce costs, increase productivity and maximize profits by making happiness a priority
How Dreams of my Father Help me Cope with His Death 
How to Eliminate Procrastination (The Surprising Strategy One Man Used) We often think that we want an open road and the ability to choose any direction for ourselves. But sometimes, what we need is a tunnel that can reduce our choices and send us in a focused direction. How can you eliminate the need to make the same decisions over and over again? How can you use constraints to drive your habits forward -- even if it's in a very small way?
3 Reasons Your Phone Is Killing Your Social Life On Robertson Boulevard in Los Angeles, I experienced another example of phones turning people into mindless robots. Here's why you need to put your phone down before you're transformed into Mr or Mrs. Oblivious... (or worse).
California Medical Association Drops Opposition To Physician-Assisted Suicide 
5 Steps to Shining from the Inside Out The past year has stretched me, pulled me, and challenged me more than I ever thought possible, but today I am more grounded, vibrant, connected and authentic than ever before with the unshakeable confidence to match, and I teach my clients to do the same. This is shining from the inside out.
Trusting Your Inner Voice 
A Bracelet That Defends Against Sunburns 
What I Learned While in Hospital Not only was I sick physically, but I also felt lost and confused. I felt a temporary disconnection from spirit and creative flow that led me to prioritize healing. I also started to ask lots of questions.
Disney Characters Have Some Surprisingly Wise Life Advice 
How Will You Be Bolder and Braver? I've been bold and brave in many ways, but I want to take it to a whole new level. Because what's next for me requires that I step it up, and that I'm willing to get really, really uncomfortable. That I share myself and my work in a whole new way. But I'm ready to rise to the challenge. Ready to be able to say that I was bolder and braver, and that I lived and loved and led as fully as I could.
The College Transition 
It Didn't Happen to Me If it happened to a friend, a third cousin twice removed, a parent, an ex-best friend, a stranger, it doesn't matter. The way you feels matters. It doesn't matter why you feel the way you do; all that matters is what you feel. It is legitimate.
A Slice of Nutrition Pizza, like all great foods, can be nutritious if we choose for it to be healthful. With a few small modifications both to nutrition and lifestyle, we truly can transform the menu with all of the passion and none of the pounds.
Valerie Harper The long-held belief is that only smokers get lung cancer and that getting sick is just a consequence of that choice. Not true. Two-thirds of new cases are in women who quit many years or never smoked.
101 Stress-Busting Ways To Chill Out At Night -- And Get Better Sleep Turns out, plenty. Here are 101 surprising, electronics-free activities that will help you wind down at night rather than rev up, making it easier to fall asleep and get a good night's rest.  Go ahead, give 'em a try. Your body will thank you.
The Easy Way To Tell If Your Workout Pain Is A Problem 
Thinking for Two While group members grieve the changes that Alzheimer's disease has brought to their lives and relationships, they find that they are no longer quite so alone in facing life's daily challenges, losses and decisions. They are part of a new community of men and women who intuitively understand their struggle.
Spring Cleaning Tips for Body, Mind and Spirit Spend a few moments sensing the clear spaces in your mind and spirit.  Get in touch with the feeling of satisfaction and relief that one feels when they have done a thorough cleaning.  Here are ways to align your physical spring cleaning with the goal of creating order on a multitude of levels:
He Was a Friend of Mine 
Get Lucky Now We often know what we should be doing, it's the lack of action that halts our progress. What good, however, is a ton of useful information that goes unused? Time to roll up those sleeves and get to work future Luckie, your luck depends on it! If good luck doesn't find us, we must go out and find it.
8 Ways To Achieve More While Working Less 
Everything You Need To Know About Moving Past Regret And let's remember
Fitness 101 You can't build a house without a solid foundation. You can't learn a new language without learning grammar rules. You can't immediately flock to the gym without some preparation. So, let's pretend we're going back into lecture hall and this time, no sleeping through lecture.
6 Foods That Can Make You Happier 
NYC Pioneers An Innovative Alternative For Those On The Verge Of A Mental Health Crisis 
Practice Mindfulness for Living Mindfully In sum, mindfulness is both process and outcome; it is a skill to practice and apply. Doing so deepens our capacity and broadens our ability. Although each of us trains individually, mindfulness is not about \me.\ Rather, living mindfully allows us dedicate our own practice to a greater purpose and the greater good.
7 Workouts To Try When You're Feeling Too Lazy To Move 
5 Surefire Tips for Being a Healthy Road Warrior Over the last several years I have found that there are some things I can do in order to make healthier choices and stay closer to my everyday routine. Here are my tips and tricks for trying to stay healthy on the road.
The Deadly Type Of Food Poisoning That's On The Rise 
The Power Of Touch 
ICYMI 
7 Ways To Live As Your True Self You show the world one person, but know there is a different one within, waiting to come out and be seen. You are ready to become this person, your true self, and are wondering how to do so. Here you will find seven ways to help you identify your true self and help you make the transition to become and live as your true self easier.
The Long Road of Daniel Finney As a society, I think we collectively have a journey to take -- a journey away from ridicule, mockery and condemnation and a journey toward compassion, understanding and support.  The season on fat people needs to close and stay that way.  Daniel Finney wants to become a healthier person; we need to become a healthier nation.
Protecting the Future Against Meningitis B Twenty years later, I am pursuing a career as a violinist. As a result, my hands are incredibly important to me as the means by which I express myself musically.
The Forgotten Farmers While I advocate for organic food, I see a rising obsession for certified USDA Organic that is alarming. In other words, anything that doesn't have the organic seal is rejected as \poisonous garbage,\ and the farmers who produced it labeled as \evil.\
The Science Behind Why Naming Our Feelings Makes Us Happier In our daily, lifestyle practice we know that when we feel better, we do better. As we learn to pay greater attention to our feelings by identifying and sharing them with others, our stress will decrease and our emotional intimacy and support will increase.
5 Diet Disasters That May Hurt You (and Your Waist) This Summer You don't need to swear these foods off completely this summer.  You just need to be mindful of how much of them you're eating, and how often.
Don't Be Afraid To Trust In The Unknown 
12 Hacks For The Best Sleep Ever 
Do What You Want to Be 
10 Meditation Tips for Beginners Here are 10 simple meditation tips for beginners to help you get through that initial frustration and get started with your own meditation practice:
Three People Who Live In My Head and the Words of Wisdom They Speak Of course I falter more than I succeed, but I do think over the year, these words of wisdom have helped me to develop a better mental filter, to increase my use of the [BACKSPACE] key and to commit to a life of graciousness.
4 Must-Do Gym Exercises to Help Prevent Diabetes 
Finding My Treatment for Pancreatic Cancer 
When Was Your Last Stupid Bold Move? 
How to Prevail Over Fear When Life Goes Sideways 
Have Social Anxiety? This Startup Is Working To Help You Beat It 
Are You Willing to Forgive? 
Is It Food, or Is It Foodiness? Well, Does It Help You When You're 'Hangry'? 
Unexplainable Grace When my time does come, whether it be tomorrow, months, or years from now, I want to know I did everything I could to pay the goodness I've been shown forward. I want to live gratefully in each moment and for each person who has filled every grace given breath with beauty. With this grace I have so graciously been gifted, I will fight.
Losing Chrissy What I'm left with now is not only all of Chrissy's things for the time being, but this drive to carry on without her. I refuse to acknowledge we lost, that I am defeated. She wouldn't want that. I try to appreciate beautiful days for both of us. I've caught myself wondering if I can accurately gauge what she would and wouldn't have loved. I think I can. No, wait -- I know I can.
Dare to Be 100 
How to Have a Good Knee Replacement Artificial joint replacement is the last resort for most people when their knees have worn out. Fortunately, the procedure itself has become much less painful, far quicker, and more accurate; and it has a faster recovery time than ever before, if the best techniques are used.
Avoid These 5 Common Race Day Mistakes Races can be exhilarating and fun, but they can also be demoralizing and difficult. The smallest details can make a huge difference. To save you the trouble (and embarrassment) of having to learn from your own race day mistakes, I'll share mine with you.
Is Your Focus Within or On Others? The joy of taking loving action in your own behalf, of feeling filled with love from Spirit and sharing that love with others is indescribable. Once you discover it, you will no longer attach your happiness and safety to others or to events. Happiness and a deep sense of inner safety can become your way of being, whether you are alone or with others.
Learning... and Growing From Loss of Love Our experiences of love and the losses from them become woven into the larger tapestry of our lives, if we can accept them, learn from them, and continue to grow beyond them. Like the tree, we can encompass the \damage,\ incorporate and learn from them; and become stronger by embracing them as an enduring part of who we are and who we can continue to become.
New Editorial Argues You Can't Out-Exercise a Bad Diet The argument goes that people become overweight because they eat too much and exercise too little, so to lose weight they should reduce calories and increase exercise. Experts who espouse this theory completely neglect that your body is a biochemical lab, not a bank account.
When You Have Cancer And Can't Sleep 
'Don't Call It Flesh-Eating Bacteria,' Say Florida Officials 
What Not To Say To Someone Who Stutters The most important thing to do when listening to a person who stutters is to act natural. Don't make fun of the person who stuttered. Don't laugh. Don't try to mimic the person. Don't say anything about learning how to talk.
A Prescription for Mental Health in America The greatest gains we can achieve in the next 10 years in public mental health will derive from closing the gap between what we know and what we do in both mental health and the addictions.
Prescription for Indecisiveness When you are unattached to the outcome of the decision, you make decisions that create space for the best possible outcome for you. However, when you are attached to the outcome, fear and indecisiveness come and take the space and then the outcome is much less ideal and a very stressful experience.
The Hotel Collection 
Evolving Asthma Care for the Biggest Impact We have seen the positive impact of tailored, community specific approaches to manage asthma better; we must continue to support this work. Let's not only renew our focus, but disrupt the status quo to advance the evolution in care and research -- we owe it to those seven plus million children living with asthma.
Sandie's Hero's Journey 
Dare To Be Naive! \Dare to be naive!\ I utter that phrase to myself like a mantra. I know that to be astonished by the force of life, by that mystery that keeps us striving and sometimes thriving, is probably our most important assignment.
Contaminated Companies Through Psychological Toxins The first step towards recovery after working in a toxic environment is to acknowledge that it's not a reflection of your skills, abilities and overall competence as an employee.
Advice From a Judgmental, Perfectionist, Control Freak I wanted to be less of a judgmental, perfectionist, control freak... and finally work out what I wanted to do with my life. The project gave me more than I could ever have imagined, or hoped for, but there are three fundamental lessons from My Year of TED that I think everyone should apply to their own lives. They are a great start to improving your mental health and general happiness.
The Power of Habit I've spent my entire career helping high performers set up better strategies and habits to keep them energized, engaged and achieving their best. And the biggest secret I've learned in almost 20 years in this field is what I call \trigger moments.\
How to Make Your Favorite Carbs More Diet-Friendly Have you been passing on potatoes, skipping spaghetti, and banning bread in an effort to get leaner for summer? If so, your diet strategy may backfire because research suggests these favorite foods aren't the diet disasters that they've been made out to be.
How To Choose The Best Workout For Your Current Mood 
How To Embrace Change Like A Champion No matter how scary, stressful or unplanned it may be, open it with welcome arms. Admit your fear and give yourself time to adjust. Here's to a positive change and your ability to love it.
6 'Handy' Tips to Help Get You Slimmer by Summer It's not a perfect comparison because everyone's hand is a different size, but even if it's not an exact science, it is very useful. And if your hand is larger than average, you can probably can eat more food than someone with a smaller hand.
The Undeniable Blessings of This Moment -- and How to Spend More Time Here 
Are You a Modern-Day Jedi Master 
Mother, Daughter, Son-in-Law Finding our separate ways in meditation is what also brought us together. Both of us were seeking answers to the same question
Women's Health Week Women are often the center of a family, a neighborhood, a business or a volunteer effort, but as I remind women every day, we cannot fulfill these roles unless we are healthy and vibrant.  Here is my decade-by-decade guide to your health.
Who Did I Need to Impress? 
5 Things a Health Care Provider Should Not Say to a Widow Many of the widows sought medical attention from a general health care provider for a plethora of reasons. While some providers are adept and highly sensitive, others clearly lack some appropriate bedside manners.
Wheelchair Wisdom 
Breaking Up With Myself My mom said, \I'm moving out,\ in the same casual voice I use to order my 7am coffee. I must have blacked out because the only thing I remember from that night is slamming a door and suddenly I'm 15 again
Strength to Power For anyone to generate explosive power in their movements, whether it's in sports or through general physical conditioning, you must have strength.  Where does strength come from?  Strength stems from the \core,\ which essentially starts from the feet all the way up to the head.
Finding the Answer That's Been There All Along There is always a brick wall underneath your plaster. There is always the presence of everything you want, covered by the familiar. It's waiting for you. It's been there all along. There's an astonishment beneath your confusion and habitual way of thinking.
The Garrison Institute It's been over a week since an earthquake ravaged Nepal, in which, tragically, at least 7,000 people have perished. This harrowing loss of human life and cultural heritage--many historic sites and sacred temples are now piles of rubble--is unspeakably sad and sobering.
The Next Shock After a Pancreatic Cancer Diagnosis It is increasingly up to us -- patients and families -- to advocate aggressively for better treatments and ensure that we are getting the right treatment for ourselves.
5 Tricks From Mom To Help You Manage Stress Every mother knows what it is to feel out of energy and patience. But a mother never runs out of love; it's self-replenishing. This week, treat yourself to that same patience and support, the kind you have shown to your own friends and family, to help you ease the negative effects of stress.
Soaring Beyond The Self I had changed. Now, envisioning myself like a newly hatched chick perceiving the light for the first time, I sensed my place as a tiny being, born to imbibe and attempt to understand the world, in contrast to experiencing myself at the center of it.
5 Ways To Make Sense Of Your Running Data 
Mother's Day -- Damn You Dementia I will spend Mother's Day with my Mom. I will cherish her smile that beams below her confused, opaque eyes because somewhere deep, deep down I know she knows me. I know she loves me.
This Month's Top 10 Workout Songs Just as a remix can breathe new life into a familiar favorite, a few new songs can liven up an entire playlist. So, take a listen to some this month's highlights, see what moves you, and put the winners to work.
From Awareness to Change 
ICYMI Health 
How Gratitude Helped Me Find My Courage As time went on I began to see how I had been struggling under the weight of my stuff. I had bought into the illusion that 'more' equates with self-worth and happiness. I had lost touch with the true source of my joy and inner peace -- my spirit.
Breaking The Cycle Of Scarcity Through The Eyes Of Gratitude Rather than live in a cycle of hopelessness and scarcity, I believe anyone can live each day in abundance. Just power-up your appreciation for what you do have and who you truly are, and break free.
Grateful For My Mom's Legacy This Mother's Day So many of our viewers reach out to me asking about the necklaces I wear on my show. What they might not know is that my mother is the inspiration behind the statement necklaces I wear each day.
Celebrating Mother's Day As a Motherless Daughter Is Mother's Day a struggle for you?  Do you have difficulty finding a card that accurately represents your relationship?  If so, make time this Sunday for you.  Take some time to provide for yourself the nurturing, loving experience you deserve.
Grateful For My Mom's Legacy This Mother's Day So many of our viewers reach out to me asking about the necklaces I wear on my show. What they might not know is that my mother is the inspiration behind the statement necklaces I wear each day.
Cognitive Behavior Therapy for Diabetes 
Kids With Autism Describe Their Sensory Experiences 
Making Prevention a Priority for Our Future If prevention were a national priority, how would our lives change? That question is followed by another one, which is
How To Make Better Decisions Under Stress The quality of life you live and your ability to do the meaningful things you set out to will depend almost entirely on the decisions you make. Here's one more small set of tools to use to make sure your choices are the best ones possible.
My Mother's Long Stay a Thousand Miles Away 
Will the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Support Meatless Mondays? A Food Policy Expert Weighs In With the updated Dietary Guidelines for Americans due out later this year, Michele Simon has been working to ensure that the guidelines are based on science, not meat and sugar lobby pressure. She recently spoke with me about what the guidelines might ultimately say about meat consumption and what consumers can do to be part of the process.
Starting a Juice Cleanse? 4 Things You Need to Know Juices cleanses are a trendy weight-loss method. Proponents of juice cleanses claim you will lose weight and remove toxins from your body. Is it really healthy to only have liquids for as long as a week?
How To Eat Healthy At Any Party Do you struggle with what to eat at these events? Do you find it hard to make healthy choices? I'm here to help! Here are 10 things you can do to help ensure that your next social engagement does not leave you with a huge hangover or a food coma.
Book Review 
Finding Prayer and How It Can Help You Shed Exhaustion 
Namaste in the Bedroom 
Befriending Uncertainty As a meditation and mindfulness teacher (and forever student), I am thrilled when I see new articles, books, and stories from people experiencing the many benefits of meditation.  There is no question that it will invite more joy, peace, happiness and compassion into our lives.
How My Daughter Taught Me That Every Moment Is A Gift I have learned every moment is a gift. Every milestone a celebration no matter how big or small. Sometimes it is a step forward and then a few back but as long as we keep moving forward with good days it is ok.
Is Genetic Testing for Breast Cancer Right for You? While it's natural to wonder if you might have inherited an abnormal BRCA gene from one of your parents, it's also important to remember that the overwhelming majority of women with breast cancer have no family history of the disease. That's why genetic testing is recommended only for people whose family history or other factors suggest the presence of a gene mutation.
Even Though My Body Continues to Fail Me, Every Fiber of My Being Feels Strengthened While I may not get as many years as I was hoping for in this life, I feel my very soul has lived a thousand years. This old soul, enlightened well beyond my 23 years, finally understands the true beauty in life.
My Thank You To Leslie Leslie was the kindest and most loving human being I've ever known. She was genuine in her interest in others and would do anything to support and encourage their success.
Breaking Through Your Limitations The next time you find yourself feeling overwhelmed with learning something new, take a step back. Honor all that you already know, the size and majesty of the bubble that surrounds you. Relax, knowing that your efforts will succeed.
How to Change Your Beliefs and Stick to Your Goals for Good Your goal isn't to be perfect. Your goal is simply to win the majority of the time. And if you cast enough votes for the right identity, eventually the good behaviors will win out.
8 Steps to Get Your Mojo Back Before Summer Most of you are great starters but not all are great finishers. If you have lost your mojo and want to be a better you for summer, commit to a new beginning right now. Here are eight ways to get your mojo back and keep it flourishing.
The Power Of Daily Practices We have put ourselves on the wrong track, forgetting the essential part of our lives, which is our wellbeing. We have left ourselves behind and allowed the endless demands of work and life -- in the form of deadlines, emails and endless meetings -- to sweep us away.
Yes, Your Beard Might Be As Dirty As A Toilet Seat. No, You Don't Have To Shave It. 
News of the Universe 
For Targeted Cancer Treatment, Just Upload Your Tumor's DNA To IBM's Supercomputer 
Why This Woman Says Her 'Mom's Death Was A Gift' 
4 Must-Dos to Get Ready for Summer Here are four solid tips that will help you get in the best shape for summer.
Whose Business Are You In? Judgment, criticism, and believing our way is the right way is the root of all conflict between individuals and nations.  But here's the deal -- it's only a way of deflecting attention away from yourself, so you don't have to look at your own stuff!
Stephanie Bermudez Lost 94 Pounds Because She Wanted To See Her Kids Grow Up 
Unmasking Mental Illness in Beirut Witnessing these four young mental health advocates share the highs and lows of their healing journeys, it was clear to all present that telling one's story openly and honestly is a sign of strength -- not weakness and shame.
Diets Are Not the Answer 
Growing Threat of Lyme Disease in a Hotter World With 2014 the hottest year on record, the impact of an already warmer world is putting our health at risk through the spread of ticks that carry disease.  Can we afford to allow the planet to keep getting warmer, with projections for the expansion of ticks and lyme disease set to spiral out of control?
Here's How To Banish Burnout Once And For All Burnout is when the quality of your health, relationships, and work are likely to take a painful, possibly long-term nosedive. This is not a place you want to find yourself too many times in your life, but it's the (unsurprising) fallout from our pressure-packed, always-on modern lives. Here are six things you can do to avoid burnout.
Help Ease Back Pain With a 10-Minute Yoga Sequence 
Mow, Blow and Go 
How These Mayors Rise Above The Stress Of Their Demanding Jobs 
5 Tips to Improve Your Arm Balances 
3 Reasons Why You Need to Stop Dieting If You Want to Keep the Weight Off What you need to do is stop dieting and start making a lifestyle change by eating real, whole foods that nourish your body and your whole being. This way you'll no longer be depriving yourself and you'll find pleasure, not guilt, in your eating.
A Killer Thigh And Ab Workout You Can Do at Home Sometimes, making it to the gym just isn't going to happen. Instead of throwing in the towel, try these at-home exercises created by Nicole Winhoffer, new global trainer for Adidas and ambassador for Adidas by Stella McCartney.
6 Ways To Overcome A Life Challenge Whether you're still in the midst of the storm or idling in the aftermath, the truth is that you have to reach down and make the decision that although you may have had no control over what happened to you, you do have control over how you respond and move forward. These six tips will help start you on that journey...
7 Things You Should Know Before Buying A Yoga Mat 
What Chinese Centenarians Can Teach Us About Living Well 
Drugs Over Dinner Drugs Over Dinner aims to provide a safety net for those secretly crumbling under their own addiction or that of a loved one. We have the opportunity and the tools to change the status quo and fight addiction together.
The Many Health Perks Of Being A 'Morning Person' If you're a night person, don't spend one minute feeling bad about it. Instead, just start playing with this pattern. At first, it might take discipline. But before long, having time to unwind in the evening and to get centered and energized in the morning might feel like a real treat.
ICYMI 
What Fear Does to Your Body and How to Handle It 
Whole Grains While it's true that the caveman did not consume a lot of whole grains, the fact they have been with us for millennia and are considered an important part of some of the healthiest diets in the world lends credence to the idea that they are not only harmless but essential for achieving optimal health.
Redefining Relaxation All three kids are actually in bed by 8 p.m. So instead of just flopping into bed, exhausted, I decide to take a bath. About 10 solid seconds of sheer bliss transpire before I hear the hinge squeak. It briefly crosses my mind that it could be a serial killer. But I'm too relaxed to give a crap.
The Danger of Self-Help Our success depends on many external factors, but inner peace depends only on ourselves! The question is never \Am I worthy enough or good enough\ because the answer is always yes. The question is
Data Today, Better Tomorrow Some of us are suckers for studies
Masters of Habit 
Short Wisdom on a Long Planet We keep turning one thing into another and calling it progress. We keep machining the beauty off of things as they are, using tools to create more tools, as if that will let us live longer.
How to Stop Dreaming and Start Doing So go forth. Make your priority completion. Do whatever it takes just to finish. Put yourself out there and adjust what you've done once you get some feedback. When you see the progress you've made, you'll be happy that you did.
Is It Food, or Is It Foodiness? Well, Is It Shaped Like a Baby or a Carrot? 
Farewell to Jean Nidetch, Patron Saint of Weight Watchers As I read about Mrs. Nidetch's passing and reflected on my own journey, I do admire her for her legacy and message that isn't limited to losing 10 or even 50 pounds. Jean Nidetch was a motivator who retooled a personal challenge to build an empire.
How Chronic Illness Prepared Me For Motherhood Just like I had learned the importance of endurance, I found the art of compensation to be quite valuable, too. Compensating, to the average person, means to counter-balance something. To a person with a connective tissue disorder, it means constantly shifting your weight or changing your stance in order to prevent or manage a dislocated joint.
4 Butt-Busting Moves From Madonna's Former Trainer Do these butt-busting moves for 15 minutes every morning and 15 minutes before bed, and Winhoffer says you'll see results in just one week.
Heal Your DNA With Your T and A 
How to Stop Procrastinating Now Quite often, when we make a three item start, we realize that it's not that difficult to keep going and we decide to do a few more and maybe a few more after that. Sometimes we feel so much in the 'groove' that we decide to do the whole darn lot in one go.
Americans Deserve Open-Minded Discourse on Medical Options 
Compelling Discussion About Addiction It would also be helpful if, in our culture, we were taught from an early age that pain is part of the experience of being alive. Modeled for us instead are ways to hide pain, run, pretend, compartmentalize, distract...
This Poignant PSA Is Here To Shatter The Stigma Attached To Mental Health 
Mental Illness and Identity 
The Challenge to Truly Live When I come to the end of my journey, I want to see the beauty that filled every brave breath and made up my life. I want to hold each one of those unforgettable moments in my memory, gripping onto them as tightly as possible, but most of all I want to know for certain that I truly lived.
Come What May And while you may find comfort in the moment, the spiraling effect of this negativity and self-pity will result in a lens through which you start to view everything around you. Now imagine an alternative mindset and action plan that you commit to embracing that propels you forward and positions you as an example for others to follow.
Free Your Neck and Shoulders With Yoga How can we restore movement, keep the energy flowing, so there is balance and communication? Here are some things you can do to improve your body mechanics and open up the flow of energy between the heart and the head.
I Can't Get Out of My Sweat Pants Despite all social stigmas to the contrary or people accusing me of being \crazy,\ I'm not ashamed to admit that I have depression. Just like I'm not ashamed to admit that I have asthma.
A Compassionate Work Culture Can Really Benefit The Bottom Line, Too 
Standing Up for Better Health 
Danny Glover Recalls His Family's Struggles with Addiction Consumption is an addiction itself. Consumption is a way in which you mute the pain. I know people who have plenty of resources by which they are able to subvert the pain or divert the pain
Here's What Could Be Hiding In Your Tampon 
You Don't Need As Much Water As Big Soda Suggests Everybody likes water. But contrary to what the beverage industry might want you to think, you don't necessarily need a bottle of water in your hand at all times.
Stop Telling Students They're Messed Up and Start Doing Something About It From age 5, students learn about what they should eat, how much they should exercise, the kinds of diseases/problems that can occur and how they can become stronger. We can easily do the same with mental health.
The One Nutrient That Is Missing in Nearly Every Diet Over the years, I've realized that it's not so much a healthcare crisis we have, but a self-love crisis. Our health depends on so much more than exercise programs and vegetables. No cookie, diet soda, sandwich, or chip can provide the same nourishment that you'd gain from truly loving yourself. Nope, not even a kale smoothie can fill you up as much as truly loving yourself can.
Health Disparities Impoverish Us All Questions like these underscore the breadth and complexity of the challenge before us. To win the fight against health disparities, we must catalyze action in every sector and at every level.
Let Food Truly Be Your Fuel The next time you sit down to eat, ask yourself the question of why you are eating, and then, pay attention to the answer. If you're hungry and need to refuel, eat something. If you're bored and need entertainment, watch a movie.
5 Ways to Make Every Day a Happy Day Happy people avoid dwelling on their problems, perform more acts of kindness, and are able to lose themselves in whatever they enjoy doing. Those are all good reasons to choose a happier, better life. Here are five ways to make every day a happy day.
Just Two Weeks On A High-Fiber Diet Dramatically Lowers Colon Cancer Risk Factors 
Life 
Is Moderation Just an Excuse to Eat Crap? 
Having Anxiety Does Not Mean I'm 'Crying Wolf' 
Mindfulness in Your 20s Yesterday, I started thinking about all the things I needed to do before the night was over. I felt the stress in my stomach first. Immediately, my inner voice said, \Check out that sympathetic system. Off it goes! Feel the tension. Be with it.\ I felt like Dr. Phil.
What's So Bad About Wheat As I assessed my friend's claim, I noticed three things about the way our society functions that I suspected might contribute to the perplexing way my friend thinks about wheat.
Exercise From reducing back pain to protecting against depression, heart disease, Type 2 diabetes, several cancers and more, regular exercise is a critical component of healthy living. It's time we found ways to bring exercise into doctors' exam rooms and medical schools across the country.
How I Escaped After Being Trapped Inside My Own Body for 12 Years Have you ever seen one of those movies in which someone wakes up as a ghost but they don't know that they've died? I couldn't make a sign or a sound to let anyone know I'd become aware again. I was invisible -- the ghost boy.
The Small Schedule Mistakes That Ruin Your Sleep 
Putting Away the Little Sneakbox Sailboat -- Moving on After My Husband's Death 
Ira Israel If there is one person currently spearheading the movement towards conscious loving relationships it is Esther Perel.
The Cure for Cancer? Why False Claims Are Dangerous 
3 Key Nutrients For Better Brainpower 
Eat for Your Heart's Content 
How to Be Happy in a World of Turmoil 
Ask JJ Next time you feel frazzled, skip the high-sugar impact drink and opt for something that reduces stress but also benefits your health.
Master Camel Pose in 7 Steps 
This Is What Happiness Really Means 
A Practical Running Plan For Beginners You might become a marathoner someday, or you might join the legions of enthusiastic, mud-covered, obstacle course racers. But that's not why you're reading this blog. Right now, let's just focus on getting out the door and into the fresh air.
Your Brain on Exercise Evidently, exercising keeps our brain in shape just as much as it does our bodies. The great news is that it doesn't take much to reap the benefits -- moderate exercise, brisk walks, even just 30 minutes a day -- can power up our brain to renew itself and keep us sharp as a tack.
How To Be Nicer, Healthier And More Focused In 15 Minutes 
8 Workout Struggles Of Tall Girls 
30 Short and Simple Ideas for Soothing Self-Care 
Are You an A-hole? Why Your Inner Truth Isn't Scary 
8 Crucial Mistakes To Avoid When Going After Your Goals Achieving goals with ease is an art that many people are yet to master. If you are one of these people, you could be making one of these crucial mistakes. Take note.
The Hope in Nurture Over Nature 
The 8 Biggest Mistakes Generation Y Is Making I by no means am saying throw your phone out, or never look at it again, but I am saying that you would be surprised at how much beauty, joy, and life you miss everyday while looking down.
Tap Dancing to Patience 
How to Make Good Decisions 
Holding the Tension of the Opposites 
'Happy Sweat' Is A Thing And It May Be Contagious 
What Makes Us Thankful? There are lots of psychological benefits to gratitude
These Celebs Show Love For Their Bodies No Matter What You Say 
10 Tips To Help Stay Mindful At Work So how do you stay positive when you work in a \less-than-positive\ environment? No matter how relaxing your weekend, nothing challenges your Zen-like being more than a serious case of the Mondays. Here are 10 tips to help start your workday right and keep that positive energy flowing throughout your day.
Thanks to Game Of Thrones, Archery Is Now Cool. You Can Actually Do It & Get Fit. Here's How. 
From Grr To Gratitude In the big picture, this was really nothing. We have dealt with much more sickness and procedures and surgeries and longer bouts of misery than this. But by the last hour of this struggle, my daughter's moaning and crying got the best of me and I lost it.
Unjust Attacks Against Dr. Oz Although Dr. Oz and I may not agree on all issues, I always expect a fair hearing, with a consideration of the evidence supporting my view. His flexibility to consider options other than drugs should be respected.
It's a Small World After All We never know exactly how many people are listening to what we say, watching what we do, or reading what we post... but we'd be crazy to think that it's anything less than a whole lot.
Food Blogger Admits She Lied About Having Cancer 
'Hero' Newborn Baby Becomes Youngest Organ Donor In The UK 
The Biggest Mistakes Trainers See in the Gym 
Is Your Life Today Not How You Want It to Be? Read This Comeback Story 
Why I Have to Keep Running The only way I could soothe myself was to run. The distance I ran that day would not have gotten me to the finish line of a 5k. Two sluggish, 12.5-minute miles were the best I could do. But I was outside. In my city.
The Conscious Guide to Overcoming Anxiety 
A Permanent Solution to a Temporary Problem 
Mammography Should Not Wait Until 50 
See the Person Behind the Eyes 
Watch Your Mood In retrospect I see that I was a leader who had lost touch with what I most cared about. I was no longer in touch with the meaning my work had always provided me.
Co-Worker's Bad Mood Getting You Down? Here's What To Do About It 
The Secret to a Joyful Life 
Sitting All Day Could Be Destroying Your Back, But This 2-Minute Yoga Pose Could Help 
Church Potluck Leaves One Dead, 20 Ill With Botulism Symptoms 
How Not to Raise Your Tween Daughter 
The Best Ways to Avoid a Wake-Up Call Wake-up calls -- you don't ask for them, yet they come.  Often you're the last one to realize that the way you're going is just not sustainable -- that there is much more to life than frenetically chasing money and power.
The Fascination With Food 
The Tyranny of Panic Attacks 
Beyond EQ 
Are Diet Sodas Really a Diet Food? 
In Appreciation of Those Working and Volunteering in Grief With so many choices regarding how we spend our time being of service to others... why would anyone choose to work with people who are grieving?  I set about posing that question to both professionals and volunteers.
What to Do When You Have Too Many Ideas (And Not Enough Time) Ideas are like rose bushes
6 Exercises That Will Transform Your Body Looking for a new summer workout? This plan, created by trainer Rose Wetzel, a professional Spartan obstacle course racing (OCR) athlete will prepare you for common obstacles. But even if you aren't planning to sign up for a race, these six moves will tone your body -- and put a smile on your face.
Is the FDA unKIND? 
By 2020, The Most Common HPV-Related Cancer Will Affect Men 
How I've Reframed My Thinking on Weight Loss and Started (Finally!) Losing Weight It's interesting, really, that after removing the emotion out of the equation, and tackling my weight loss more pragmatically -- in a more businesslike manner -- I'm finally seeing results.  I'm training myself to be motivated by my own pats on the back, instead of needing them from others.
Christine's Story Emphasizes Power of Tedy's Team Tedy is former New England Patriots star Tedy Bruschi, whose NFL career was interrupted by a stroke in 2005. He was 31 and a few weeks removed from being crowned a Super Bowl champion.
Your Pet Can Make You Seriously Sick. Here's How To Prevent That. 
Why You Should Always Inspect Your Asthma Inhaler Before Using It 
10 Unexpected Life Lessons From A Small-Town Obituary Writer 
Woman Indirectly Struck By Lightning Sustains Rare Injury 
Sleep Is the New Wonder Drug It's considered a badge of honor to dedicate hours upon hours at work only to have no energy left to dedicate your time to what's really important. Thankfully, this is beginning to change.
The Most Fitness-Friendly Cities In America To find the best places to get in shape we collected data on over 360 of the largest metropolitan areas in the country. Specifically, we looked at three separate categories of data that affect fitness.
10 Movie Mantras That Could Change Your Life Inspiration can come from anywhere and anyone. Mine often comes from books and movies -- books and movies that combine life stories with a spiritual journey.
You Are Who Your Pet Thinks You Are 
ICYMI 
How Poor Sleep Might Shape Mental Health Later In Life 
Having Both Depression And Type 2 Diabetes Increases Dementia Risk 
The Love Stories of 'Toy Story' In the Toy Story films, the primary personal relationship on display is friendship. And yet, although the films are not romances, there are more realistic representations of romantic love threaded through the three movies than you'll find in a multiplex full of romantic comedies.
Are You Paying Attention 
How I Got 'Rich' Freeing yourself from the material things and the need to keep up the appearance of wealth is as liberating a feeling as I've ever felt before and has helped me feel like the richest woman in the world. I hope you'll soon be able to get rich too!
Let's Stamp Out Stigma To scapegoat and stigmatize people with psychological problems may discourage them from seeking treatment and result in a backlash including the occurrence of an increased incidence of violent episodes.
10 Qualities of Your Inner Spirit What are you? You are the deeper essence beneath all of these transient parts of you. You are your soul -- your inner spirit.
The Exercise/Weight Gain Paradox 
8 Simple Ways to Avoid Burnout very entrepreneur has been there -- burnout. It's your body's reaction to being overworked and deprived of mental stimulation. Lucky for you, I've compiled the top eight ways to avoid burnout and keep your productivity levels high.
Workout of the Week Have you ever felt a race slipping away from you after a strong start? Have you been passed, or run out of gas, just a mile or two from the finish line? Every runner can benefit from increased endurance. Tempo runs are just the thing to help you become better at running faster for longer periods of time.
Are You Busy Being Busy? 
Taming the Beast I escaped the cage and found freedom from the wood pellets and stale feeder food. Maybe certain people tried to look for me; maybe they didn't. I didn't care. I was a hamster with a plan. I came to a fork, took the road less traveled and began running like my life depended on it (and hey, maybe it did).
Into-Me-See 
A Tip for Staying Grounded From Meditation Teacher Sharon Salzberg Sharon mentioned the importance of grounding ourselves in situations when we're feeling off balance (especially important for those of us who are highly sensitive). And then she said something that I didn't quite understand at the time, but it felt significant, so I wrote it down...
7 Mini-Habits That Will Change Your Life Immediately 
What the Living Can Learn From the Dying Beauty exists in the middle of tragedy. A child gets cancer. A friend commits suicide. A parent is plagued by anxiety and depression. Sooner or later, such messes find us. If we wade into them with an exploring mindset, our discoveries can be startling in their beauty and alter our perspective on life.
From Dormitory to Culinary With the many followers and the attention that her website has garnered, Emily realizes the impact that college eating has during one's college years and beyond and has already had a very positive impact on public health.
What Leonard Nimoy (Spock) and Lesley Gore ('It's My Party') Have in Common Above all, avoid cigarettes, and you will live longer, prosper better, and also have more parties. Leonard Nimoy and Lesley Gore, we will miss you both.
Disconnected in an Overconnected World (Part 2) Not only have we become disconnected from each other, our over-connected and technologically driven culture has led us being disconnected from nature!
These Happy Illustrations Are Here To Add A Little More Joy To Your Day 
Deepak Chopra Has A Very Simple Way Of Knowing If You're Meditating Correctly 
7 Yoga Poses to Firm and Tone Glutes Yoga teacher Leslie Howard recommends this seen-pose sequence for a strong, balanced backside.
Woman's Mysterious 'Burning Mouth Syndrome' Caused By Herpes Strain 
12-Stepping on Tinder I started to get message after message from guys wanting to know about my tagline. I have always been open and honest about my sobriety, so I was happy to answer them. The most common question I would get was
A 21st Century Way of Life This is a way of life that does not try to separate life and work into two distinct and seemingly incompatible spheres, but instead meshes both into a new way of thinking about a life journey in the 21st century.
7 Positive Psychology Happy Habits for Work and Life Whether we are looking for greater harmony in our family relationships, more meaningful friendships, greater purpose and satisfaction at work, or more engagement in our community, the end goal is usually the same -- happiness.
Mindfulness Meditation as a Means to an End 
Let's Put an End to Body Shaming, Starting With Your Own Are glad you are not quite as overweight as the person next to you in the Starbucks line? Do you wish you were as skinny as the model on the latest issue of your favorite fashion magazine? If it is, it's time to stop, take a break, and focus on what's really going on with your own body.
3 Ways Yoga and Meditation Can Help Diabetes The recent \Egg Crack Challenge\ has gone viral to raise money and awareness for juvenile diabetes research. Another way to help prevent and reduce diabetes symptoms is to practice yoga and meditation.
Emergency Wisdom So
5 Things To Spring Clean Besides Your Closet In the most general sense, spring cleaning is a great time to get organized and donate some old clothes to a good charity, but there might be some other areas of your life that could use a little dusting. Here's a great list of things to help you on your way. After all, the trash won't take itself out.
Sleep Is The 'Best Thing You Can Do For Yourself,' According To Bethenny Frankel 
Why We Ignore Good Advice (And How To Stop) If you've ever ignored good advice and later regretted it, this could be what's keeping you from accepting and taking action when great ideas come your way.
The Many Benefits Of Lucid Dreaming Like most skills, lucid dreaming takes practice, and acquiring self-knowledge is not the only reward. Living out our private fantasies is another perk.
6 Things No One Tells Women About Their Weight Loss Journey The truth is that weight loss is a journey that looks a lot like a bumpy ride, and that every woman who successfully loses weight and keeps it off has to overcome challenges that are not often talked about. Let's take a closer look at six of them.
Food for Thought Legislative frameworks and monitoring are essential building blocks for safer food.  But we all have a responsibility.   We, as consumers, also need to do our part. WHO has defined 'Five keys to safer food' which we should remember and act on:
Home From the Sea 
5 Instagram Accounts That Inspire a Healthy Mind, Body and Soul So if you're looking to share a smile and give your mind, body and soul some TLC, why not start by following some health-living gurus? Pick up some good habits by following motivational Instagrammers and staying in tune to their lifestyle advice.
Are You a Lady-in-Waiting? 
Knowing Three Letters Saved My Life Arming yourself with the knowledge and skills to perform CPR could be the difference between life and death of someone you know and love.
A Mindful Approach to How You Look When we sit to meditate and close our eyes we see that the mind is so much bigger than this body. True self-esteem is found in that expansive space, a gentle, quiet confidence that is ever-present.
How Many Likes Are Enough? When we seek approval from outside our selves, it is a never-ending search. Not only are we at the mercy of other people's ever-changing opinions but circumstances are always changing as well. We might make one friend happy but another is disappointed in us. Or we might please our partner one day but not the next.
This Simple Meditation Video Will Convince Even The Non-Believers To Start Practicing 
Why Getting 'Homework' From Your Dermatologist Is Crucial For Healthy Skin 
Tracking Health Too Closely May Be Hurting Your Health 
Alcohol Dependency in Our Family and How We Struggle With It For many of us who may struggle on a daily basis with anxiety, depression, addiction and self-worth, all we want to do is just get to first base. Sometimes, that's as far as we can go on any given day, month, or year. Hitting a home run isn't really something we are able to do just yet. But be patient with us. Give us the gift of time, and a maybe a little more than three strikes.
Your Pressure Habits - -Do They Help or Hurt You? Take a minute to be \mindful\ of you bad pressure habits --- the ones that prevent you from doing your best and prevent you from advancing yourself. Think about how you typically think and feel before and during your pressure moments. I would suggest writing down your responses and reflecting upon your reasons for why you respond as you habitually do.
How to Find Your Hidden Creative Genius Creating something useful and compelling is like being a gold miner. You have to sift through pounds of dirt and rock and silt just to find a speck of gold in the middle of it all. Bits and pieces of genius will find their way to you, if you give yourself permission to let the muse flow.
Yoga for Body and Mind Health People often ask which yoga style is the best for reducing stress and improving quality of life.  The answer is the one they will do every day and make a part of their life.  Yoga techniques are many and varied.  The key is to find a yoga practice that works for you and to practice it daily.
Do You Really Need to Succeed? Setting success as a life goal means that the quality of how your daily life is lived is not the point. It means that the point of each day is in how the activities of the day have advanced you towards the goal.
26 Rules For Practicing More Self Acceptance When you are in self-love there is a respect for the person you are. There is acceptance and the present moment is where the ultimate source of fulfillment and joy lives. So here are the A to Zs of self-love to start embracing today.
Why I Stopped Being Gluten Free After eating gluten-free for a few months, I realized that my body simply performed better without so many grain-centered carbohydrates.  It wasn't particularly about the gluten in them.
Autism Without Fear 
Don't Just Sit Less -- Sit Better Sitting is unavoidable. You can't pace up and down the aisle of an airplane during your flight, or in a theatre during the movie. In most culture's it's impolite to jog in place while eating a burrito. The solution is not simply sitting less; it's sitting better.
Preventing Murder-Suicides The Germanwings tragedy can further stigmatize those with mental illness and make people with suicidal thoughts frightened that they'll be linked to a horrific crime. Yet this is also an opportunity to educate the world about the warning signs of suicide.
This Is Why You Need to Divorce Your Story Find your message and lose your fears. Never forget, everything is momentary; you only own the moment you're in. You write the next chapter with your thoughts, your feelings and your faith that nothing can rewrite your life but you!
Life Between Curfews and Kids The subsequent years can bring childbirth, raising children, and your kids departing for college, leaving you feeling lonely. Some adults find they are single again later in life. Life is full of changes. We need to learn the coping skills so food does not become your companion during sad, stressful, or happy times, and alcohol does not become your self-confidence.
The Unexpected Place You're Probably Overeating While productivity experts know clearly the importance of paying attention to transitions, busy high-performers can be terrible about this. In fact, it's a trouble spot that's usually ignored and it's a major cause of getting caught in vicious cycles with overwhelm, overload, and overeating.
How I've Hacked My Life to Use My ADHD to My Advantage (Part 1) To get to a certain level of \me-time,\ I have to do several things, all of which help me depending on the circumstance. A lot of these tips involve organizational skills, time management hacks, and doing things in advance to prevent negative things from happening later on. (When did Noah build the ark? Before the rain.)
Your Smoothie Bowl Is Probably Full Of Sugar, But It Doesn't Have To Be 
The Power You're NOT Using I had to laugh because my son was reminding me of everything I had taught him so he'd overcome his own fears. Although my knuckles were white and there was nothing I wanted to do less, I finally whispered reluctantly, \Okay.\
Balance... A Reminder From the Washing Machine Time again the simple lessons of life are whispered in my ear through everyday situations or noisily clunked into my brain such was the case with the load of darks that I unevenly distributed when I hastily tossed them into the washing machine.
Why You Shouldn't Laugh at Someone Who Stutters In that silence it doesn't sound like she is apologizing for her insensitivity -- it sounds like she is sorry that I stutter. Sorry that I have a name that has never escaped my mouth unscathed. Sorry that I am who I am.
The Troubling Connection Between Anger Management Problems And Gun Access 
Kerry Washington Just Summed Up What We're All Thinking About Mental Health 
5 Tips for Imperfect Success While I feel a bit self-conscious claiming to have my act together enough to give advice to others, I have come up with a list of guiding principles. Some clich\u00e9, but I think all true.
The One Thing Most People Are Scared Of (It's Not What You Think) There are so many people who are quick to tell us their opinion and we allow ourselves to deviate, to change our minds, to make our dream smaller. Today, ask yourself, what do I want to do, and challenge yourself to do it.
Here's How Anti-Vaxxers Actually Sound 
Why I Was Heartbroken When the Wisconsin Badgers Lost to Duke (And Why That's Normal) Unless you belong to the lucky few, a sports fan's journey ends the same way each season
See How Erectile Dysfunction Drugs Stack Up Against Each Other 
7 Stress Management Tools for Healthy Living Pay attention to your thoughts and notice if they're overly negative or out of proportion.  Invite yourself back to place of non-judgment and compassionate awareness of yourself and others.
5 Life Lessons From Paul Walker 
Texas Hospital Sued Over Ebola Training Seeks Dismissal Of The Lawsuit 
Think You Have Good Eyesight? Take This Vision Test 
10 Ways To Make Positive Life Changes Spring brings with it a sense of renewal, and I've found it's the perfect time to reinvent your self.  Shake off those winter cobwebs and take steps to reassess and renew your life! Here are 10 tactics I use to freshen my perspective and stimulate positive change.
This One Thing Can Enhance Your Office Productivity 
It's All About Balance In order to help preserve your balance and stability for when you age, consider training it at least three times a week. While many yoga classes have balance postures in them, sometimes doing these same postures stand alone, can have a positive impact on your balance too.
The One Thing You Need for Positive Change Addressing negative thoughts is the genuine catalyst to constructive improvements in mood, outlook and more. When you understand where the skepticism is coming from, you become more empowered.
Mind Over Matter Practicing mindfulness in the context of a relationship can enhance the depth and quality of connection and neutralize negative reactive patterns that diminish trust and intimacy by enabling partners to attend more consciously to each other's concerns and needs.
Saying Thanks To The Girl Who Broke My Leg The long-term effects of my injury remain to be seen, but for now, my rod reminds me that it's a privilege and a gift to be able to move freely.
Anomalous You should strive to be different, because you are. But have you taken the time to figure it out, to tap into what you are really about, to find the hidden treasure inside of you, the gift that makes you different and can in effect change the world around you by making it better for other people.
Breast Cancer Screening Among the more important medical studies reported in recent weeks, even resulting in that rarefied \front page, above the crease\ coverage by the New York Times, was a paper in JAMA indicating that the interpretation of breast biopsies is not the infallible gold standard we had hoped.
Digital Detox Without my cellphones (Yes, I have two!) I felt a little lost and disconnected from the things that mattered. But eventually I connected with the things that really mattered. I highly recommend a digital detox. Here's what I realized during mine:
Life Coach Shares Secrets to Balancing Life, Personal Success Story Goldberg draws upon her past as a child struggling for order to help all people, from teenagers to people who are retired adults for instance, set goals, create action plans, and address life frustrations including family, career, social and academic frustrations.
Exercise, Not Diet, Has Most Impact On Weight As We Age 
Some Personalities Are More Likely To Apologize Than Others 
10 Inspirational Ideas for a Peaceful Night's Sleep Personally, I'm aware that if I don't get enough sleep, I don't function half as well as when I've slept properly, and that I tend to be moody and irritable. However, when my \sleep tank\ is full, I'm happy, creative and a bundle of positive energy!
Empathy and Compassion Perhaps recent evidence that people are beginning to feel the pain of animals is a sign that increased compassion for other humans in need may not be far behind.
8 Tips for Dealing With the Loss of a Loved One To make room for loss, do what you can to open your heart and breathe the breath of life. The more you fill your heart with love and appreciation, the more space you make for healing and growth. Here are eight ideas:
10-Minute Yoga Sequence for Meditation For a 10-minute practice, do 4 rounds of the following sequence (a round is the sequence practiced on both the right and left sides). In round 1, hold each pose for 30 seconds, or 5-6 breaths. In rounds 2 and 3, hold each pose for 10-12 seconds, or 2 breaths. And in round 4, hold each pose for 5-6 seconds, or 1 breath.
3 Ways Mindfulness Will Improve Your Relationship Mindfulness can improve your relationships in many ways by changing how you connect and interact with others. Here are three reasons that mindfulness matters in a relationship...
The Collective Sigh People walk around like they don't have power in their body. Granted, there are instances you don't -- hereditary illnesses, accidents, circumstances (and in these cases it's crucial that you act in accordance with your needs!) but for a large part, when it comes to your personal health, there are instances you DO have power.
Researchers Discover New Source Of Airborne Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria 
Constipation Emergencies On The Rise 
Sacred Sisterhood of Healers! 
3 Self-Indulgences You Need to Start Doing Now A good indicator of where your permission levels are in relation to self-nurturing and well-being is the degree of anxiety or guilt you experience when you are not being productive, or just spending a day in bed or other forms of indulgence.
Angelina's Choice 
The Need for Health Activism in the Criminal Justice System 
Are You Sleeping With a Narcissist? 
This Is Nursing 
Ask JJ Many issues underlie our our-caffeinated, constantly tired modern-day energy crisis. I've found addressing these five things can make the difference between crashing and steady, sustained energy.
7 Truths About Personal Power It is your standards of happiness, love, values, personal development and responsibility that set your course in life. Have the courage to think as big as you can, expect nothing less than the best, and most importantly, be kind. Here are seven ways to exponentially elevate your quality of life.
How to Change the Habits of 107,000 People 
Claims About Andreas Lubitz's Mental Health Further Stigmatize Mental Illnesses I don't know if that is the case or not, and it's possible that Lubitz's intentions will never be known, but it is irresponsible to link the crash to his mental health.
Neurodiversity Proponents Strongly Object to Viewpoint Diversity 
10 Things Non-Stressed-Out People Know and Do \Stress\ seems to be an epidemic right now -- emails to answer, activities to attend, houses to clean, groceries to buy, jobs to do... the pressure seems never-ending. But here's what you need to know.
Suicide, Violence and Mental Illness I want to propose two paths for protecting the public as well as protecting people with serious mental illnesses. They call for real time performance information on those entrusted with our safety.
How Many Steps Should You Be Taking Each Day? 10 Tips to Help You Meet the Goal If you're having trouble meeting that goal of 10,000 steps, it might be time to see where you can fit those extra steps in your day. We've come up with 10 tips to get you moving.
How Many Diets Are There? People look for the quick fix, to produce the weight loss for them. There isn't one. There is no timeline on a successful weight loss. Consider weight loss the byproduct of a lifestyle that includes eating food that nourishes you, and being active.
Signs of Life 
How to Slow Time 
10 Steps To Cope With Overwhelm Minimalism isn't about having nothing, instead it is about choosing to focus on what is important to you and cultivating that. It is about making conscious choices that match your intentions rather than just absorbing and collecting for the sake of it. So here are my 10 steps to use the principles of minimalism to rid yourself of overwhelm.
Rethinking Change Through Personal Growth Management In the volatile world we live in, where change is the only constant, learning to embrace and manage change to our own advantage can make all the difference between being stuck with a life you do not want or live a happier, more fulfilling life, the one you always dreamed about.
Confessions of a Former Cutter Being able to talk about my issues and feeling like I had a support system were the keys to me getting completely mentally healthy again. I'm hope by telling my story I can reach someone who might feel like they're crazy, too, realize they're not, and get the help they need.
10 Ways Writing Can Help You Become a Better Runner When you open a running journal it should remind you of what you love about the sport. Your journal should have amusing doodles in the margins and dog-eared pages that recount your greatest efforts or darkest days of injury.
How to Envision Your True Success 
Can The Country's First Junk Food Tax Reduce Obesity And Diabetes On The Navajo Nation? 
Sizing Up Your Genes What I appreciate about Angelina Jolie Pitt's candidness about her decisions is that she opens up the conversation and brings women's health issues top of mind. Everyone seems to zero in on breast cancer and not nearly enough people focus on the cancers that can brew \down there.\
What If I'm Not as Strong as You Think I Am? A Headache Confession 
A Wake-Up Call and a Scary Diagnosis I watched my mom suffer with medical issues resulting from diabetes, and I am determined to turn the tide. She died too young at age 81, and I want to be around when my son and his wife have kids (hopefully in a few years). I want to enjoy them and have a connection with them.
Cubicle Workers When looking at the most commonly reported issues -- headaches, back and neck pain, and arthritis -- it's easy to identify some mutual causes. In many situations, these types of pain are directly related to one or more of the following when looking at office or cubicle workers.
There's a Hidden Dark Side to Being an Entrepreneur -- It Can Wreak Havoc on Your Mental Health It's important to reconsider the romanticized notion that being your own boss is the key to happiness in life. Although there are many benefits to being an entrepreneur, for some, the psychological toll isn't worth it.
The World's Most Beautiful Places to Do Yoga Yoga is about drawing your focus inward, but that doesn't mean a stunning landscape can't enhance your practice.
When the Fat Lady Sings 
How to Be Grateful (And Stop Acting Like a Frustrated Toddler) 
How To Spring Clean Your Kitchen (And Your Diet) 
What We Learn From Break-Ups While break-ups are one of the hardest times in our lives, they're also a time to realize who you really are, so keep your head up, buttercup.
How to Plan the Perfect Funeral 
Does Your Dog Recognize Your Face? 
Caring for a Long-Haired Cat 
How to Give Yourself a Pep Talk in 3 Easy Steps What happens when you need a good pep talk and none of your trusted advisors are around for a dose of \you're better off\ medicine? Here are three tips on how to give yourself the best pep talk you could ever get.
Gateway to Freedom 
The Sacred Learning in Regret 
The Real Reason You Should Be Meditating The most frustrating part is being so caught up in the doing, creating and performing that you lose sight of what you're trying to achieve and, funnily enough, you end up getting nowhere.
If Meditating Doesn't Work For You, Here's Another Way To Alleviate Stress 
High Tech Hospital Could Shake Up Children's Healthcare 
15 Ways Your Environment Makes You Eat More (Or Less) 
ICYMI 
Recognizing the Gift Each Moment Bears is a Mindfulness Practice What gift has been laid at your feet today? Perhaps now would be a great time to stop, look down, and appreciate it, because as with my roses, it may not be there forever. Appreciate the gifts that life brings you in every moment. You deserve them.
Laughter Can Make People Reveal Their Secrets 
Why It Took Me So Long to Recover Whatever stage of recovery you might be at, know that freedom from the eating disorder is possible. Freedom can be your reality. No matter where you have been or what you have suffered through, hold on. It gets better. There is a future with you in it that is bright and shining.
Why I Said No to Making $1 Million This Year If you've got big dreams, it means that the universe has big plans for you. You don't need to force yourself to fit into someone else's mould of success -- whether traditional or untraditional. As long as you keep taking steps forward, you will get there. It's your journey. Do it your way.
5 Important Mental Health Reminders As We Talk About The Germanwings Tragedy 
It's Not a Matter of 'If,' It's a Matter of 'When' I have hugely unshakeable faith in you and your dreams. That's not the problem. Whatever your dream is, it's not unrealistic. Whatever your vision is, it's not crazy. Whatever your hopes and goals are, they're absolutely possible for you. I know that.
Failed Insomnia Treatments 
A Mindful Look At Gratitude When we are grateful that we are better off then someone else, we are setting ourselves up for future misery should their problem become ours.
How I Found Gratitude In Unexpected Places I found that when life didn't go quite right and I just couldn't fix things that if I leaned into gratitude I could find something beautiful even in the mess, the pain and the awkwardness.
To Your Health 
Key Features of Possibly the Most Underserved and Underdiagnosed Disease This is not tired because you've had a long day. It's fatigue like you have the flu or like you are on chemotherapy. Some patients describe this as feeling like they have lead in their body or that they have no energy, like a dead battery.
Upgrade Your Snack With These Fresh Picks One of my nutrition \rules\ I live by is to always have a serving of fruit or veggies as their snacks. My gym bag always has an apple, banana or clementines in it as I find those fruits travel well and are easy to eat when I'm time-pressed and on-the-go.
Autoimmune Disease It's important to take a holistic and comprehensive approach in order to find the best treatment and lifestyle options. This includes finding a practitioner who will address the mental, emotional, and spiritual components of your health.
You're Not Listening! What Your Intuition Is Trying to Tell You The truth is, you already have all the answers you will ever need. You simply need to (re)learn to listen to them. The hustle only really works when it's matched with the ease of your inner voice.
Just Breathe Here's a challenge
Sugar, Maybe Not So Sweet 
Living With Alzheimer's By creating opportunities for the person with memory loss to be independent, you will be providing your loved one with the best possible dining experience -- something you can both be happy about. Bon App\u00e9tit!
3 Low- or No-Cost Resources to Help Improve Your Mental Health 
Angeline Jolie and the Chemistry of Cancer The structure and chemistry of cancer are not to be taken lightly. Angelina Jolie's story of courage brings to light the perplexing journey that is common to many women around the world as we all fight to stay healthy for our loved ones and make a difference.
The Feminine Culture What I want to underline here is the fact that once we stop looking at the world in terms of men vs. women competing for power, great things happen. In fact, the intelligence of a culture resides precisely in its ability to share leadership. So here are six things I learned from women, which not only enriched my life, but they actually help me thrive.
Money Alone Can't Buy Us Happiness, But Gratitude Might Help 
What a Skirt Taught Me About Social Media and Life Our interactions with family and friends are often social media-dependent. If grandma and mom aren't privy to a party or event, oh well. We'll tell them about it a week later. Our Instagram and Facebook friends see pictures of an event before family even knows there was one in the first place.
Masters of Habit 
5 Ways to Modify Your Yoga Practice as You Age I cherish more deeply my longevity in yoga and meditation and honor my body with greater awareness of my limitations. I no longer hold on to the perfect. I am simply grateful that I have so much mobility at 70. Like life, a yoga practice is constantly and perfectly in transition.
7 Tips When Choosing a Spiritual Teacher Here are seven things you should look for when choosing a spiritual teacher. Check out these quick tips to make sure you're properly supported.
How To Teach Your Kids To Be Grateful In A Rude World 
Four Habits of People Who Are Truly Happy 
Stress Management May Have Long-Term Benefits For Cancer Survivors 
Mars and Venus in Mental Health 
3 Tricks for Making Your Good Habits Stick Just because you're struggling with self-discipline doesn't mean you have to raise the white flag and declare your self-improvement efforts a complete failure. Instead, work to increase the chances that you'll stick to your healthier habits -- even when you don't feel like it.
I Need a Me for Me! 
Dating Technology 
Living Life With Mindfulness and Love 
What It Really Takes To Combat Childhood Obesity 
Introducing HuffPost Gratitude Gratitude has always been one of the most powerful emotions for me. And it's no coincidence that \grace\ and \gratitude\ have the same Latin root, \gratus.\ Whenever we find ourselves in a stop-the-world-I-want-to-get-off mindset, we can remember that there is another way and open ourselves to grace. And it often starts with taking a moment to be grateful for this day, for being alive -- for anything. That's why I'm delighted to announce HuffPost Gratitude, a new section in partnership with American Greetings, featuring stories that illuminate gratitude's transformative power to bring a much-needed dose of perspective to our lives. We hope HuffPost Gratitude will be a place to share not only personal stories but tools and tips that can help each of us tap into our own gratitude in ways that can make our lives, and the lives of others, more meaningful and more fulfilling. That's why we're kicking off the new section with a series around the theme \What I'm Most Thankful For.\
Are You Present and Mindful -- Is Your 'Inner Baby Monitor' On? Your inner baby monitor will stay turned on when your deepest intent is to be a loving mother and father with yourself. Retraining yourself to remember to be mindful and in the intent to learn is the challenge.
6 Secrets to Emotional Intimacy The magic of intimacy is that it can be of the soul. To be intimate simply means to be empathetically in tune with your partner, feeling their fears, desires, wishes, and needs as if they were your own.
I'm the Weirdest Codependent in the World 
Nothin' but a Number Age seemed different for our parents. They appeared older, sooner, settling into the middle of their story without worrying about what it looked like on Facebook. At least from the perspective of a 12-year-old, whose biggest concern at the time was the fate of Marty McFly.
Learning to Welcome a Bipolar Diagnosis 
5 Habits to Goal Weight, High Energy and Peak Performance I used to be one of those stressed out people until I incorporated five simple habit shifts and my life changed for good.
6 Tips to Help Live a Balanced Life With Mental Illness Living a balanced life is difficult for most people, but it is not impossible. Living a balanced life with a mental illness presents challenges that the \normal\ (notice I used quotations) people of this world would not understand in a practical sense.
How to Become the Person You'd Want to Marry I once read somewhere that if you're looking for the perfect man to fulfill your dreams, become the woman you would marry if you were a man. I thought this message was right on target and so clear that it got me to start working on my self-image and take my mind off what I expected from a man.
Worldwide Use Of Antibiotics In Livestock Fueling Risk Of 'Super Bugs' 
The Book Won't Let Me Hold It I was trying to read a book of poets from all over the world but the day and the light led me to feel their lives. This is the poem that arrived.
6 Reasons You're Stuck In A Rut (And What To Do About It) Life is about connection, expansion, joy, abundance, and love. It's about fulfilling our calling and becoming more of our true selves and I assure you, you were meant for more than the lackluster life you have been living. It's time to shake things up starting now.
How To Snack To Maximize Your Weekend Workouts Refueling after exercise is essential to seeing results. Whip up one of these perfectly portioned ideas this weekend no matter how much time you have -- even if it's none at all.
Trainers Share The Worst Fitness Advice They've Ever Heard There's lots of questionable and flat-out false fitness advice floating all around -- in the gym, online, on TV, and in magazines. We asked a few trainers to share the worst advice they've ever heard. Straight from the gym floor, here's what they reported.
The 'MIND Diet' Could Protect You From Alzheimer's And Age-Related Cognitive Decline 
17 Surprising Reasons You're Stressed Out 
12 Steps For An Excuse-Free Life There's a big difference between giving an explanation, and making an excuse. Excuses harbor guilt and shame; they rationalize bad behaviors, and set the table for a mediocre life. Here are 12 steps to permanently remove excuses from your life...
What We Should Do About Fears of Germs on the Subway 
Alcoholics Anonymous, Mr. Spock and the Lighthouse 
See Beauty. Let It Fill You. Live It. Maybe if we balance our stress with the beauty around us, it will spill out in our interactions, grant grace to ourselves and to others, and make the world a better place. Maybe. Let's try. See beauty. Let it fill you. Live it. Now.
How Many People Must Be Unvaccinated Before You Have To Worry About Getting Measles? 
When-Then Don't put your life on hold while you wait for the elusive when-then. What are you waiting for? Your life is this present moment and the time is now!
Thought Experiment When life gets difficult, it's easy to find all the reasons, outside your control, that made it that way. You're doing the best you can, right? When things get hard, it's not your fault. Is it?
7 Surprising Facts About Food Sensitivities 
The Importance of Meeting You When we are honest with ourselves, we find the direction that we are searching for in life.  By accepting who we are, we gain the confidence to take the first step in that direction.  And by embracing who we are, we build more authentic relationships and drive deeper impact.
RIP Traditions die slowly if at all. The executive physical offered by hospitals and larger medical practices incorporating an exercise test, alone or coupled with echo or nuclear heart imaging, has a long history of use.
The World's Most Awkward Butterfly I have to let go of all of those thoughts and doubts and limitations I put on myself personally, professionally, emotionally and physically. I have to trust that I am new. I have to know that I did the work. I have to believe in myself and my new wings as much as those that see me when I soar and glisten do.
University Of Oregon Make Meningitis Vaccination Appeal After Student Death 
Why Focusing on Calories Misses the Bigger Picture for Your Weight and Health Rather than subscribing to the antiquated calories in/calories out model for weight loss and good health, focus on powerful, gene-altering, whole, real, fresh food that you cook yourself can rapidly change your biology.
4 Things to Know About Gene Therapy as a physician-scientist who has been involved in basic gene therapy research and the development of clinical trials since the 1980s, it is exciting to witness gene therapy making a comeback.
Edwin Moses \Athletes can help to build awareness. Not just representing a retail manufacturer or fast food organization that pays them a lot of money to help them sell their products.\
Metastatic Breast Cancer Patients Need Help If you ever meet a woman dealing with metastatic breast cancer, you will know what real courage is.
Have You Joined the Telehealth Revolution Yet? Telehealth gets us more engaged in our own health care and that includes our emotional and spiritual care.  Through social media spiritual telehealth engages patients and families on the importance of such care in their wellness.
Your Path to Purpose Your purpose in life is bigger than any single goal -- it's your reason for being on the planet. You may have more than one purpose, and your purpose may evolve over time, but it's basically your reason for existence. So it's worth discovering.
Dispatch 
Women's Sleep Health and MyApnea.Org There are new opportunities for women to take an active role in advancing the science of sleep and ultimately improving their health and well-being.
Junk Science 
Love Is A healer is such because they've suffered. They've tasted the agony of loneliness. They've made countless mistakes, each of those experiences leaving its remnant on their heart. What sets the healer apart is that they don't allow those difficulties to stunt their growth, but rather, uses them to evolve their empathy, compassion, and acceptance.
5 Ways to Actually Help Someone Dealing With Loss My experience of losing my 5-week-old son to SIDS has taught me a few things about how to help other people who are dealing with loss of any kind. I've come up with a list of the best ways to really help someone in the emotionally taxing situation of losing a loved one, in hopes of helping you navigate those complicated waters.
20 Ways To Find Your Life Purpose You're ready to find out what you are here for, other than being able to explain every plot twist of your favorite show beside the company water-cooler. What next? Here are 20 ways to find your life purpose:
Healthy Adventure 
Why Can't I Stop Eating? I used food to show me where the voids are, and started to fill them in with experiences, beliefs and activities that actually gave me what I needed.
How to Know When You've Reached Bottom What I later found out was that people's \bottoms\ are all over the board. Some high. Some low. Some short. Some long. Some hit what they think is their bottom and find trap door after trap door of even lower bottoms. I guess I never gave the term \rock bottom\ any thought until I hit it and even then, all I knew was my own rock bottom.
31 Things I Asked for By Age 31 Without asking for what you want you have no list -- apart from a mental list of regrets.  Pay attention to anyone you really admire -- they will have had plenty of failures behind them.  But they still did something.  They took risks.  They identified what they wanted and asked for it.
8 Myths About Emotions That Are Holding Us Back Most of us are never educated about feelings. Instead, we're expected to learn socially acceptable ways to deal with feelings by watching the people around us. But the truth is, many people don't role model healthy ways to deal with feelings. Here are some of the most common misconceptions about emotions...
Permission to Recover... Granted! Take your vacation days. Take your weekends off. Let yourself be bored. Walk somewhere without talking to anyone. Go fishing. Play golf alone. Pay attention to everything and nothing.
Are You Selfish or Self-Responsible? Giving yourself up to avoid being called selfish is not self-responsible - it is manipulative and dishonest. When you give yourself up to avoid criticism, you are trying to control how another feels about you.
Attention iPhone Users You probably heard last week's news about Apple launching a watch, a cool way for iPhone users to access their device from their wrist. That news overshadowed something else the company launched the same day, something I think is even cooler because it could save and improve lives.
Guilty of Self-Sabotage? Find Your 'Happy' Again By Ditching the Drama and Spreading the Love We all have extenuating circumstances when it comes to work, life and family. While these situations may not be changeable, our reaction to them is. Redirect your energy to innovate and help rather than wasting it on drama. Be a lover of reality and inner peace, success and happiness will follow.
The Wild One Let's linger together here and now,/ you'll love me anyway,/ and I'll love you all the way,/ I hope you'll embrace me,/ the way that I am,/ I am the this moment,/ I am beyond your conditioning,/ I am the wild one.
Combating the Stigma of Mental Illness Mental illness in the United States of America is an ever-increasing issue that affects millions of individuals in various ways and to varying degrees of severity. While it's true that mental illness can sometimes be treated with great success, including the near eradication of symptoms in certain patients, sometimes symptoms are so debilitating that the individual in question is unable to work or otherwise provide for themselves. For these individuals, symptoms may never fully disappear.
What's Love Got to Do With It? Boundaries and Relationships When this happens this is the time for the family to create a healthy boundary with their loved one letting them know that it is not acceptable behavior as this hampers the treatment team's ability to help them. Getting mad at the treatment provider is not the answer. Rather, setting and holding firm boundaries is the answer.
I'm Not a Great Friend We think that our friendship is so strong that we can relax on the investment side. Wrong. Good friends must continually invest in their friendship. I want to be much better at that.
Good Food and Healthy Families Make a Beautiful Home Healthy families make a beautiful home. When there is good health on the inside of the home, there is beauty on the outside.
Rural Youth Suicides Almost Double Rates In Urban Areas 
Life Is a Journey of Spirals Not Circles Life is a journey, no journey is ever a journey backward, neither is a journey circular forever. Just as I tried and failed. You cannot force your spiritual growth and success. You can only succumb to what it is you need to learn in the moment.
The Black Swan Effect In the end, it's unfair to presume people are as judgmental as we fear, and we should stop playing our own worst critic. The key for me with this is to proceed with a sincere heart -- believing in yourself no matter what the outcome, imagining the goals you set in front of you, and shaking off the peppering of hypothetical thoughts that do not serve you.
3 Game Changers to Achieve Peace and Happiness You can choose happiness and peace for yourself at any moment -- you are the only one who is in control of your mind and heart. There are many paths that lead to happiness, as there are many paths that lead to despair, but who puts your foot on either path to begin with? That's right it's you.
Cultivating Mindfulness To Help Sleep Mindfulness has also been shown effective in helping to improve sleep, including reducing symptoms of insomnia and other sleep disturbances, as well as reducing daytime tiredness and fatigue. Mindfulness, according to research, also can help alleviate one of the prime obstacles to sleep
5 Mental Hurdles We Need To Overcome The reason many us don't move forward is not because of roadblocks that stand in your way. Often it is the emotional barriers we create. Here are five mental hurdles you may have and how to scale them to make your leap:
This 15-Minute Trick Reduces Junk Food Cravings 
If These Superstars Have Time For Meditation, So Do You 
9 Strength Training Moves That Aren't Lifting Weights In a perfect world, we would always have easy access to all the fitness equipment we need, but for most of us that's just not reality. Whether it's a long day at work that throws off your desire to get to the gym, a hectic travel schedule that drags you away from your fitness center or maybe you don't have a membership, it's good to know that there are other options than the dumbbells at your local Planet Fitness.
5 Actions You Can Take To Lead A Happier Life 
Mean People Suck But They Are Often Successful It may be that we're all more abrasive than we used to be. A 2014 poll by Weber Shandwick and Powell Tate in partnership with KRC Research found that most people think America has a raging civility problem.
USDA Reports Virulent Strain Of Avian Flu In Kansas Poultry 
At Least 10 Americans Being Flown To U.S. After Possible Ebola Exposure 
6 Rowing Machine Mistakes You're Probably Making 
Here's Another Huge Reason To Eat A Plant-Based Diet 
Bacterial Contamination Deaths Linked To Ice Cream Company 
The Difference Between Wealthy And Rich, According To This New York Times Columnist 
Stop the Snore to Improve Intimacy Americans who snore frequently may find romantic nights interrupted and relationships at risk. The survey also revealed that 40 percent of women claim snoring in the opposite sex is a turn-off, and nearly one in 10 Americans went so far as to admit that snoring has hurt at least one of their romantic relationships.
Gratitude for My Pain 
Transform Your Inspiration Into Purpose Inspiration is a calling, a voice inside us trying to be heard. When something inspires us it is time to listen. When we allow our inspirations to be recognized they will lead us toward our passions.
Instruction on Grace 
Days of Inspiration for the New Year! 
The 7 Elements of Easy Weight Loss 
Falling in Love With the Elderly and Rediscovering Our Purpose 
Dear Colleagues I'm not saying we are wrong. In fact, we may all be right, about everything. But we are all right about disparate and seemingly-competing bits of the same, whole truth. The result is that nobody can see that whole truth.
This Online Video Series Is Fighting Childhood Obesity -- And The Kids Are Loving It 
#Anxiety 
Unyielding Tenacity I am learning not to allow the past events to fill me with fear, or the unknown of the future to fill me with trepidation, but to live for the beauty that is present in this very moment. Cystic fibrosis may be progressively present in my life, but it will not rule by fear. I will breathe bravely
6 Powerful Steps for Building Positive Momentum What are some ways to stay on the good side of momentum in your own life? Below are a few truths I've relied on for building positive momentum -- or turning a case of negative momentum around.
Our Children Rarely Die 
The Fog of Density Tragically, a cancer missed by mammography, typically found by palpation, most likely will result in advanced disease. Women need this critical breast health information as they discuss their personal screening with health care providers.
An Update on Advance Health Care Directives Drawing up the document itself is fairly simple; the more difficult part comes beforehand, including deciding what kind end-of-life care you do and don't want to receive, and who -- if anyone -- you want to empower to make decisions in your stead.
Why Do People Talk In Their Sleep? 
Everything You Should Know About Picking The Right Over-The-Counter Painkiller 
Celiac Disease Is More Common Than We Previously Thought It turns out this conception of celiac disease is not accurate. CD is far more common than we used to believe, and the classical set of CD symptoms such as diarrhea and weight loss no longer reflects the profile of most newly-diagnosed patients, according to a new study from Italy.
How Mindfulness Practices Can Help Prepare Military Members For Future Combat 
I Didn't Keep My Promise 
How To Make The Most Of Transitions I personally like change. It keeps me feeling challenged, interested and alive. But if your natural reaction to the idea of making a big shift ranges from mild nausea to all out terror, here are a few things you can do to drop the fear and embrace the change.
How to Build Expertise, Talent, and Skill If you want to get better, then practice consistently and measure constantly. Use that feedback to figure out what is working and what isn't. Then, spend your time putting in more reps rather than searching for another hack. Experts spend more time focusing on what works.
Life With a TBI It has been 13 months since my fall, and I am just NOW starting physical therapy for my injuries and occupational therapy for my cognitive issues. I feel like I am late to the party, that I should have been here months ago. Late is better than never, but I have never been one to be fashionably late.
Are You Doing Enough to Prevent Stress From Taking a Toll on Your Health? Everyone has the ability to increase resilience to stress. It requires hard work and dedication, but over time, you can equip yourself to handle whatever life throws your way without adverse effects to your health.
5 Life Lessons From 'Survivor' Winner John Cochran A few weeks ago, whilst slowly waking up, I was reflecting on what a fantastic season of \Survivor\ it was when the underdog,  John Cochran, came back from a defeat in his first season to claim victory on his return.
What the Hell Is Wellness? 
Connecticut Girl Who Appealed To Stop Chemotherapy In Remission 
How A Pen And Paper Can Transform Your Whole Day 
His NBA Dream Lost, Isaiah Austin Winning in New Ways Austin's new dream is being a role model, not just to Marfan patients, but to people facing any type of adversity. He believes it's his calling, one with a longer, stronger reach than he'd have as an NBA player.
An Open Letter To Introverts I think it's wonderful that the growing discussion about introversion and extroversion helps expand our understanding of one another. And I will try to do better. We all will.
6 Food Swaps For Better Sleep Some foods can sabotage your slumber, causing you to wake frequently throughout the night (or even making it difficult to fall asleep in the first place). However, other foods can actually increase the hormones in your brain that promote relaxation and high quality sleep. Read on for smart diet swaps -- and finally claim that full night of rest.
8 Ways To Take Control Of Your Life Don't focus on anyone else but you. Be grateful for where you are and the things you have achieved. Every day is a fresh start to go after your own dreams and improve from your yesterday.
7 Tips For Finding Your Passion We feel this intense urge to just \figure it out.\ But, when we look around, that passion is nowhere to be found and we aren't where we truly want to be. It frustrates us. It keeps us up at night.
6 Excuses Your Fitness Instructor Is Tired Of Hearing 
5 Steps For Getting Into Dragonfly Pose This intricate arm balance relies on arm, core, and leg strength, balance, and spinal and hip flexibility. Miami Vinyasa and Vedanta teacher Rina Jakubowicz shows you how to warm up and take flight.
A Purpose Pursuer's Top 10 Greatest Lessons We all fear that we are not enough, and if that is the case, we won't be loved. But through an understanding of our experiences, we can come to the realization that these fears simply aren't true and that we have so much power within to create a life we want and deserve.
Are You a Giver? I know this sounds crazy, but when you give yourself permission to stop trying to be good by giving, you take back the authority of your life. You quit doing things for approval and begin listening to your heart.
De-Clutter Your Life Hold on to things dear to you and pay attention to the non-material matters which are most important in life. Think of clearing your mind of consumerism, of greed, of course acting on it and healthy thinking is part of leading a de-cluttered life.
That Scary Thing Around the Corner This is what we do to ourselves. We get caught in the fear of what's around the corner and get frozen. But if we'd simply trust and take those first few steps, we would realize there is nothing to fear except the tricks our minds play on us!
How To Completely Unplug From Your Smartphone For An Entire Day 
What Part of a Complete Breakfast? When dietary worry was all directed at excess fat intake, pseudo-fruit and multicolored marshmallows were able to fly under the radar. A widening array of worries has cost them that cover.
4 Personal Tips to Set Up for Sleep Success I've had my fair share of sleepless nights. I find that a nightly routine is important, but while I'm no sleep expert, I have discovered a few things that are helpful for setting up for the perfect snooze.
So Your Diet Crashed and Burned. Now What? Learning to trust myself has allowed me to be happy in my body in a way I never imagined possible. But it required that I stop judging my happiness by looking in the mirror and comparing my body to other women's bodies. It required that I look inside, listen to and trust my body, and find happiness by turning away from appearance and toward my heart.
Laughter Really Is The Best Medicine 
WATCH 
Warning Changing old habits is not easy but neither is living with self-defeating ones. With awareness, willingness and practice, you can learn how to speak kindly to yourself and treat yourself sweetly. And before you know it, you will have picked up a healthy new habit!
5 Surprising Ways Mindfulness Can Change You 
How to Change Your Mood With a Breath With time and practice the complete yogic breath will be your \go to\ when you need to make a shift not only in your breathing but your state of mind and emotions as well.
3 Easy Steps To Improve Your Health and Wellness At the end of the day we should all be searching for the simplest ways to live a long, healthy, and energetic life.
8 Ways to Combat Decision Fatigue It's a fact that decision fatigue can lead to analysis paralysis and overwhelm our daily lives. On the one hand, choices give us freedom and allow us to see the possibilities, especially for the important things in life. The downside is we are constantly bombarded with tiny decisions throughout the day.
Morning Meditation So I began to meditate again. Quietly, without telling anyone in particular.  In the winter morning dark, I come downstairs.  I settle myself in the living room chair. And there, I breathe. In. Out.  Watching the breath, turning my focus inward. Two?  Three? Ten minutes?  Each day is different.  I try not to judge, to forgive myself on the mornings when it's hard to quiet my mind.
Yoga Was My Catalyst It is so easy to keep the blinders on and live the lifestyle of which most of us have been conditioned towards where materialism and consumption are paramount. Adapting to and seeking out change is more difficult yet far more rewarding.
'Hey, Can I Trust You?' When you have trust you have truth, and when you have truth you have love, and when you have love -- well, you have it all.
Sad Movies Make You Eat Your Feelings 
10 Lessons Learned From Traveling Alone Besides learning that Fiats do not in fact come standard with a spare tire, my solo travels taught me quite a few other things. Here are some of the most memorable lessons I learned over the course of my travels:
New Study Reveals Most Common Causes Of Food Poisoning 
A Walk Through Time Months after my father died, I found myself in New York City, wandering through the Museum of Modern Art, a place I love. On the third floor, in an exhibit featuring the work of Gauguin, I felt his presence strongly.
Big Breakfast, Small Dinner Tied To Better Diabetes Blood Sugar 
12 Most Annoying Excuses for Your Mediocrity People who live extraordinary personal and professional lives do not live in the space of mediocrity. There are phrases that they will never even think to speak. Here are 12 of them we've all heard before... some of us may have even spoken them. See if anything sounds familiar.
Have a Ball For this workout, all you need is a ball. It's called a stability ball and it can work every muscle group in your body without the help of any weights.
Getting Past I or You Can't 
The No. 1 Thing to Do When You're Having a Panic Attack Cut yourself some slack. Acknowledge how well you're actually doing. Don't get caught up in the \shoulds.\ Change your self-dialogue to something more supportive and loving.
Are We Killing the 9 to 5? Whether you're into the WFH lifestyle or not, more and more young professionals are looking to ditch the office in favor of their couch, smartphone and laptop.
Get Out of Yourself 
The Air of Fragility As I continue to navigate this new phase of my journey, each morning I still awake with hope and the belief that it's a new day filled with great possibility. I am learning to embrace the simplicity that life is built upon while never forgetting how truly fragile it all is.
Answers to 'Those' Questions! Keep expecting the best and visualize and write down what qualities you are looking for in your soul mate, but don't drive yourself bonkers, get out and do something constructive or fun, who knows you might bump into them!
4 Ways Gaining Followers Is Like Losing Weight (And How to Succeed at Both!) Try practicing patience, diligence, acceptance, and authenticity to discover your own inherent value, cultivate what you have to offer to the world, and find success on and offline!
Is Your Boss Making Your Life Miserable? This may feel as if I've asked you to suck on a lemon, but find a way, anyway, that you can to feel better about your boss.  Go on... I challenge you, even though I know you're kicking and screaming with resistance, and you're about to delete this post.
Meditation Myth Number 1 Meditation is, in fact, resting in inner silence, and as that silence gradually percolates into the rest of your day, it becomes the state of unshakable happiness and peace that sometimes goes by names like nirvana or enlightenment.
A Case for Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) For me, the benefits of ECT have greatly outweighed my initial fears. I never imagined the positive results I would have in response to this treatment.
9 Simple Rules Good Sleepers Swear By 
What Everyone Should Know About Life With A Brain Injury A TBI changes you. Literally and figuratively. My personality is different. My energy levels and sleep patterns are foreign to me. The confused woman in the kitchen staring at the oven is someone I am just now starting to understand.
Acknowledge and Move On 
Dallas Ebola Nurse Slams Hospital, Claims They Used Her For PR 
5 Fears Successful People Kick To The Curb Learning and growth is at its peak when you are out of your comfort zone.  If you don't learn to fail, you'll fail to learn.  And learning is a precursor to success in any form.
7 Flaws That Make You Absolutely Amazing Be simple in your intentions. It's a lot of fun to live a fast-paced, flamboyant life, but remember to slow things once in a while. Living simply reminds us of our true reasons and roots us in purpose.
9 Great Yoga YouTube Channels Variety is the spice of life, as well as the proper seasoning for viewers who want their personal yoga routines to reflect their days. If a day is particularly hard, a tough yoga workout with tons of activity may be beneficial. If a day has been stressful, calming yoga poses may be a nicer fit.
Improve Your Sleep To Improve Your Health Despite the important role sleep plays, a recent Gallup Poll reveals that 43 percent of Americans report their sleep needs are not being met. Fortunately, there are several ways to start sleeping more soundly.
How To Beat A Bad Mood 
A Test For Chronic Fatigue Syndrome 
Top-Line Questions From Moms About MMR Measles is a serious and highly contagious disease, but, fortunately, we can prevent it with immunizations. I understand that some parents are concerned about vaccines. The evidence about the MMR vaccine's safety and benefits is strong and consistent. Here are some answers to the most commonly asked questions I get...
Increasing Our Ability to Cope With Stress Can Make Us Healthier, Part 4 Understanding that early life abuse harms both mental and physical health across one's lifespan is the first step to developing and implementing programs to reduce the extent of stress early in life that now exists.
7 Ways to Permanently Banish Belly Fat Numerous factors contribute to belly fat, but over my decades practicing medicine I've found when patients focus on these seven strategies they normalize insulin, lose that stubborn belly fat, and finally gain abundant health.
Rebranding Hoarding Mental health disorders will likely never be \sexy,\ but our view of them can be more favorable, more open to conversation, understanding, empathy, and mutual respect. We must rebrand these challenges as the afflictions they are so that those who need help can readily access it.
Proof That Employee Well-Being Is A Priority In 2015 
Do You Really Need To Cool Down After A Workout? 
You Know Everything About Nutrition. So Why Are You Still Overeating? Can you find the happy medium between what's \healthy\ and what's not? It's important to find your balance in the food realm. You need to allow yourself to eat the \bad\ things sometimes and have it be okay. That takes some practice, but giving yourself the permission is half the battle.
Habit Stacking You have patterns and behaviors that have been strengthened over years. By linking your new habits to a cycle that is already built into your brain, you make it more likely that you'll stick to the new behavior.
A Monthlong Celebration of Our Yearlong Devotion Throughout February, in communities across the country, millions of supporters have been coming together, wearing red, and reinforcing the critical message that we can overcome heart disease and stroke.
Surprising Racial Disparities Found In Flu Vaccine Rates 
Let Go Of Stress By Letting Go Of A Grudge 
Work Smarter, Not Harder by Breaking Your Counterproductive Bad Habits While ignoring your bad habits may help you feel good initially, that avoidance will eventually catch up to you. When you don't address the unproductive and unhealthy things you're doing alongside your good habits, you'll stagnate.
Spice Up Nutrition Month With the Peruvian Superfoods Diet The Peruvian diet has an extraordinary number of superfoods, enough to rival the widely touted Mediterranean diet.
Why You Should Daydream More (In 3 Minutes) Accept your daydreams and try not to constantly push them away. Sometimes, they can help you through an issue, or at least give you a break from the challenges that have you stumped.
Get Your Nutrition Information Here! 
Good and Bad News About BPA 
Vaccines and 3-Parent Babies We need to re-engage Americans and win back their trust in science, evidence based medicine, and our medical system so they don't fear life saving treatments like vaccines. Describing doctors making, \Three Parent Babies\ fosters skepticism about those dedicated to fighting to cure and prevent disease.
New Approaches for Breast Tumor Diagnostics The power of epigenetic-based diagnostics and prognostics is exponentially growing with expanding medical research.
More American Children Are Doing Yoga Than Ever Before 
5 New Ways to Treat New and Old Acne Scars In recent years the options for treating acne scars have expanded with new and exciting technology that can treat even old scars with minimal downtime.
A Look Behind the Bedroom Door at What's Causing Your Low Libido 
Grief Many of the physical symptoms of grief mimic the flu -- body aches, headaches, nausea, exhaustion. You wouldn't feel guilty saying no if you had the flu, so don't feel guilty now.
Dare to Be 100 
Can Science and Technology Fix a Broken Heart? I asked Dr. Feinberg to help explain the current state of cardiovascular treatment and heart-related biomedical engineering. In an upcoming piece, we'll break down the innovative projects that he has underway at CMU that get to the heart of our problems with heart treatment.
4 Steps to Decluttering Your Life Let's face it. Getting rid of old books and knickknacks is much easier than tossing out a relationship, a weekly class, a house that is too big, or a job that doesn't suit your passions. So what do you do to declutter your life?
What You Don't Know Can Hurt You! Eating disorders are very \behind closed doors\ afflictions. I can't tell you how many times a parent has told me, \I had no idea.\  And frequently that \aha\ moment comes at a startlingly late stage of the illness' progression.
5 Real Ways to Combat Mental Illness 
9 Tricks To Learn From Super Sleepers The more sleep-deprived among us can take a cue from these super sleepers to get in on the vast benefits of sleeping well. Here's a peek at the smart, surprising habits of great sleepers, plus how the rest of us can copy their moves to a better night's rest.
Enough Distractions Placing the blame on carbohydrates does nothing but add confusion to an environment already saturated with mixed nutrition messages, and distracts us from addressing the real cause of the obesity epidemic
3 Things Doctors Can Do to Connect With Patients It is clear that patients want to connect with their doctors. Doctors, however, seem more ambivalent about making such a connection. To some doctors, it is as if forming a connection will somehow undermine the traditional relationship which is best kept as formal, paternalistic, and standoffish.
African-American Women and Breast Cancer Risk In contrast to the recognitions and ceremonies of the month, however, we continue to face a troubling health statistic
Don't Allow Your Limitations to Define You! As you progress through the journey of achieving your dreams, you will be able to clearly realize that the most difficult limitations and circumstances actually served as necessary tools that helped you become a better version of yourself.
Visualizing the Future You Want I truly believe that if my professor hadn't reminded me that I knew everything and walked us through that activity, I wouldn't have done so well. Can you think of a time when you've visualized success and it's worked? Maybe before a race or a big event? Prior to a lecture or trip?
Medicine at the Mercy of a Metaphor I believe that leaving the metaphor of war behind and finding more appropriate imagery will change health care for the better. After all, patients need doctors, not generals.
6 Amazing Things Dairy Can Help Do For Your Health 
Learn to Meditate and Avoid Common Beginner Mistakes Like any rewarding action and practice, meditation does take discipline. But discipline should be an act of joy and loving devotion, not punishment. Remember that you are meditation to give your mind and heart the best chance to experience life fully, and enjoy the beauty of solitude!
Diet May Be As Important To Mental Health As It Is To Physical Health 
To Be A Better Leader, Try Going Off The Grid 
4 More Measles Cases Reported In California 
Post-Traumatic Job Disorder 
Silence Your Thoughts With This Simple Technique I recently returned from my European tour through Amsterdam and Stockholm, and I wanted to share a few timeless secrets of meditation with you.
Why You Shouldn't Finish the Sentence of a Person Who Stutters Stuttering is just as much an internal dilemma as it is an external one. Friends and family members and teachers don't know the embarrassment that happens when you know what you want to say but can't say it and someone else has to say it for you. They can't see your confidence deteriorating.
The Most Addictive Foods, According To Science 
When Friends Become Family After her husband passed away, I was lucky enough to inherit my neighbor, Miss Trudy.
How Not to Hang on for Dear Life 
The Secret Way Memory Could Be Sabotaging Your Happiness Memory is not security camera footage of every moment of your life. There's just no need to store 5,000 identical memories of you doing your typical morning routine.
Why We Need To Prioritize Meaningful Conversations 
Everything You Need To Know About 'Superbugs' 
Has Fear Infiltrated Our Food? 
FDA Approves 23andMe's DNA Test, But Not the One It Halted Earlier FDA's decision to approve 23andMe's Bloom syndrome carrier test is a first step for the online offer of medical genetic testing, but the real regulatory breakthroughs have yet to come.
Lent, Fitness and Sacrifice The lesson of Lent for people who don't officially observe Lent is to be willing to change, to be happy in spite of what we do not have, to become aware of our attachments, to be less of a slave to our mind and to learn patience and develop endurance.
Better Than Happiness It may sound strange coming from someone who has written dozens of blogs about happiness and taught a lot of seminars on the subject, to hear that happiness isn't necessarily all that it's cracked up to be. Or put another way, in terms of one's overall quality of life, spirit, and degree of personal fulfillment, some things play a much more significant role than feelings of happiness
What To Eat After You Work Out 
How To Stop A Jealous Thought In Its Tracks 
Proof Even The World's Worst Meditator Should Give It Another Try 
Here's What It Takes To Keep A Promise To Yourself Keeping our promises is key to experiencing life as we dream it can be. That's what empowers us to dream big, to grow into and occupy that dream, and then to outgrow that dream and dream even bigger dreams. And in the process, gain all of the approval we will ever need -- our own.
You're Not Losing Your Memory. You're Just Distracted. 
The Role Dreams Play In Our Daily Lives Like sleep, dreams are vulnerable to disruption from problems with mental and physical health. There are a number of conditions (as well as medications) that may affect dreams, and that can make dreams more difficult and disturbing.
6 Exercise Mistakes You're Probably Making You're the picture of perfect form, and you'd never be caught dead slacking off at the gym. Good. But even health nuts fall prey to these subtle (but serious) exercise mistakes.
The Importance Of Adding Stress Relief To Your To-Do List 
5 Stress-Busting Tips for a Quick Decompression 
Nutrition Experts Weigh In On The New Dietary Guidelines 
For Want of a Glass of Water 
Stressed Out at Work? How to Cope -- Without Turning to Food or Booze And if you're feeling stressed? That's something you can change, right now, without needing your manager's \approval\ or anybody else's permission. Your mind. Your day. Your job. Your life.  You are in charge.
Nothing to Fear But... Nocebo As severe as nocebo reactions are, there is a good side. They show how powerful the mind is and what a strong effect it has on our body.
Breaking Bad Habits It's no wonder 90 percent of typical heroin users became re-addicted once they return home -- they are surrounded by all of the things that caused them to get addicted in the first place.
What You Don't Know About Concussions Hopefully once more light is shed on the subject matter, concussion sufferers will no longer have to experience the shame and isolation that, despite the head injury, I remember so well.
Delayed Authorizations for Cancer Treatments 
Natural Eating Think about it -- but for our societal training in mealtimes and childhood training using food as both reward and punishment, why would you ever eat if you weren't hungry?
Take the Easy Way Out But if you are an artist, then you must share your work, your story, your point of view with the world and then let the world do with it what they will. Risky, yes. But like the man said, the risky is what makes it great.
Smoking Hookah Is Really No Better Than Smoking Cigarettes 
And the Award for Best CPR Performance Goes To... With CPR so visible in everyday life, surely everyone must know how important it is to be trained in this lifesaving skill, right?
Defense Rules Everyone possible needs to be vaccinated. Prevention, a tough \defense,\ is truly our best \offense\ in the case of these terrible diseases, not the other way around, and we do have the tools to win. We just need the will.
Talking Brave Talking brave is about changing your mindset and believing that you can have, do, and be all the things you want to have, do, and be. Life is short and time keeps ticking by. Don't waste another minute limiting yourself with wimpy words and negative self-talk. Talk brave; start today!
10 Steps to Your Most Heavenly Bath Ever The most essential factor for total decompression? Silence. Leave your phone in the other room. Tune out the noisiness of the world. Breathe.
Goals, Rainbows and Gold People usually set goals because they want the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. This is awesome, and pots of gold are too. But the problem with only focusing on having that pot of gold is that you completely miss the rainbow you followed to get there.
Distracted Driving, Distracted Eating Mind you, I'm as guilty as anyone of eating lunch at my computer. But I do have some rules that I've been able to stick to
What 'Superbugs' Carbapenem-Resistant Enterobacteriaceae Do To The Body 
The Case For Getting Outside More Often (Yes, Even When It's Cold) 
How A Single, Simple Guideline Could Help You Lose Weight 
Shut Up the Voice of Overwhelm On a daily basis, I have to combat the voices in my head that tell me \You are not working enough,\ \You are not successful enough,\ \You are not making enough,\ etc.....
5 Ways to Stop Self-Sabotaging Your Dream We all have a dream. To do the very thing that we love to do that makes us feel fulfilled, vibrant, and more alive. The very thing that excites us every day and leaves us in a state of wonder over all of our opportunities for creation.
Let's Have a Heart-to-Heart The good news is that most heart disease is preventable. Although there are risk factors that we cannot control like our family history, our age and gender, there are many factors that we can control.
Heart Chakra Tune Up This is often the most popular chakra to work with because of its association with love. But don't forget that every chakra has equal value and one chakra cannot operate optimally without the others in equal good balance. It is an integrated system.
10 Life Lessons Learned From Being A Rock Star I am remarkably not musically inclined, can't keep a beat, and have a wonderful case of stage fright. I pushed through it all, and threw myself into learning the songs as best I could. I have grown so much both as a person, and as a musician. I've discovered making music is very much like life.
How A Paragliding Accident Completely Changed This Man's Perspective On Life 
What Everyone Needs To Know About Stress 
Dare to Be 100 
Here's A Friendly Reminder That Gratitude Can Do Amazing Things 
Ask JJ For many clients, increasing water intake becomes a needle mover for fast, lasting fat loss. Granted, you also need to reduce your sugar impact and address food intolerances, but if you're doing everything else correctly, sufficient water intake might give you that weight loss nudge.
Mindful Speech In Los Angeles there is a certain elasticity to the concept known elsewhere as \truth.\ Ever since the Gold Rush people show up late to most meetings, shrug their shoulders in ersatz disbelief, and say, \Traffic.\
This Dream Wasn't Meant for Me 
What Purpose Does Your Safety Blanket Serve? Saying goodbye to my safety blankets hasn't been easy. In many ways, they have gotten me to where I am today. I have to be compassionate to them. I have to forgive and not beat myself up for past decisions or actions.
7 Steps to True Forgiveness Forgiveness lets you love again. Once you forgive, your heart is full of love. You are stronger because you love yourself and love others, no matter the magnitude of their shortcomings or transgressions. You forgive because you love, and you love because you forgive.
Deflated in Seattle 
Can Being in Love Make You Fat?  Plus, 10 Suggestions for Losing Marriage-Induced Love Handles 
Want To Let Go Of Stress? Let Go Of Control 
4 Ways To Lose Weight Without Exercising Weight loss doesn't have to be a single, radical, excruciating ordeal. Positive long-term changes don't happen like that. Instead, think of it as reshaping the little moments of your life to make space for weight loss. The physical and mental strength and resilience you gain is well worth this subtle but powerful effort.
Yoga In A Club With A Live DJ Will Make You Feel Like An Actual Warrior 
Lessons From Our Lives 
18 Couples Who'll Nama-Stay Together Until The End Of Time 
3 Little Reminders That Put Love Into Perspective 
5 Of The Easiest Ways To Eat A Little Bit Healthier Eating healthy is certainly not about being perfect. Most people tend to get much better results when they start small and make incremental changes to their current diet.
The Little Behavior Changes That Can Have A Big Influence On Your Stress Levels 
Finally, Emoji That Show What It Really Feels Like To Be An Introvert 
5 Things Everyone Gets Wrong About ADHD 
Where Public Health Meets Propaganda, You Are Being Played! But here's the thing, folks
Why It's Sometimes OK For Doctors To Google Their Patients 
5 Strategies to Optimize Your Sex Drive Sex drive is a hot topic these days, and I can't help but notice blogs surface around Valentine's Day showing how certain foods, nutrients, and lifestyle factors can boost libido and keep you stimulated in bed. Many of these articles neglect the underlying hormones that control sex drive.
Health Is Progress, Not Perfection For me, health means much more than its physical definition. It is emotional and spiritual as well. As I have hit these bumps along the way it has become evident to me that my health is ever evolving and will only improve it I put the effort in. Health is progress, not perfection. It is doing a little more than I did yesterday and not beating myself up for taking steps back.
You Are Where You Eat You are not necessarily stuck with your food environment.  Lobby your workplace, school, neighborhood, or friends to more closely examine the food that's being offered.
The Hammer When that hammer comes down, your life changes. You are not the same person. You learn things about life, about people and about yourself that you didn't know before, whether you wanted to or not.
Wellness in the Workplace Is Contagious Following these tips will help regardless of your work setting, and wellness will become contagious because people want what others have. You will also find that a wellness attitude follows you home.
This Is How You Transform Stress Into A Beautiful Moment 
The Hidden Reason You Might Be Tired All The Time 
The 5 Books You Must Read If You Struggle With Food Or Weight Throughout the years I struggled with food, battled my weight, and hated my body, books became my lifeline. I devoured anything related to helping me not feel like a crazy person around food. Books can be such a great tool to help you on your journey.
Ockham's Razor Revisited 
Want to Harm Your Relationship? Here Are 2 Easy Ways! Relationships suffer from any kind of hidden communications. Countless couples become entrenched in patterns that steadily erode and undermine their mutual understanding, respect and prospects for sustaining intimacy. This research adds credence to the damage and suffering that results.
The Case for a True Health Coalition With the strength of unity, a signal of what we truly do know can rise above the din and discord.
It's Time to Regulate America's Latest Addiction As a science-based organization, we applaud any and all instances where sound data informs public policy. So let's examine what we do know about e-cigarettes.
5 Benefits We Can Reap From the Power of Visualization Immediately Visualization requires you to want something, perceive it, and believe in it. Over time, once you are working in a direction towards your goal, the process and energy you put into visualization will begin to shift your life in a positive direction.
How An Open Office May Be Sabotaging Your Workday 
How to Not Feel Let Down This Valentine's Day Whether it's an enjoyable excuse to go out, an anticipated opportunity to do something over the top or really, truly just another day, Valentine's Day should be what each of us makes of it and nothing more.
Should We Drop The Term 'Plus-Size?' I am far from the first woman to rant and rave about this loaded term -- and not surprisingly, many have tried to come up with something entirely different to describe women who don't conform to the thin ideal. Here are some of the most pervasive and interesting ideas that have been kicked around and what I -- as a \plus-size\ woman -- think of them.
3 Little Words \Be My Valentine\ can mean asking for love in a relationship, for partnership in life's adventures. It means enjoy my successes, support me when life gets hard, and I will do the same for you. And it means talk to me -- about frivolous nothings, random anythings, and essential everythings.
The Secret Life of an Image Consultant With a Nut Allergy 
A Reason to Applaud Johnny Manziel I may not be a big fan of Johnny Manziel on the field, but I am cheering for everything he is going through right now off the field.
Do Not Bring Your Kids To 'Measles Parties,' Doctors Warn 
Can't Get A Standing Desk? These Are Almost As Good Despite our commitment to stand up once every 45 -- no, 20 -- minutes, we still end up getting so engrossed in our work (or whatever else happens to be on our screens) that our backside is practically numb before we remember to get off of it. To goose our good intentions, we tried three apps that promised to help us move more throughout the day. Here are our results.
Doing 108 Salutations Quieted My Noisy Brain Could I even do 108 Sun Salutations? Would it feel like running a marathon or a 3K? Would the shoulder-stressing downward-dogs become unbearable after, say, round 36? Or round five? And, most importantly, would it quiet my mind?
Everything You Need To Know About When To Go To The Doctor's Office 
The Importance Of Eliminating 'Busyness' 
Yoga 
The Health Care Revolution You Haven't Heard About Frustrated by insurance regulations, increasing paperwork and limited time to see complicated patients, a group of primary care physicians are leading a movement. It's called direct primary care, and it could change your health.
Over 100 Cases Of Measles Confirmed In California 
Women Have A Tougher Time Recovering From Heart Attacks. Here's Why 
The Ambivalence of an Addict If you are struggling with an addiction and considering giving it up, you will likely have to deal with some ambivalence. With help, willingness and positive changes, you can learn to feel your emotions fully until they pass, retrain your brain till it's filled with kinder thoughts, and fill some of the spaces that addiction attempts to temporarily fill. You can challenge the powerful voice of addiction until your ambivalence turns into clarity, conviction and compassion.
5 Ways To Increase Your Mental Strength Save your mental energy for productive tasks, such as solving problems and setting goals. When your thoughts aren't productive, make a conscious effort to shift your mental energy to more helpful topics. The more you practice expending your mental energy wisely, the more it will become a habit.
3 Little Words Apologizing is no easy task. We may not know how to do it (or how to do it well). We may not think that we need to do it. Or, we may fear that the outcome of our apology -- the forgiveness that we seek, the closeness for which we yearn -- won't be realized.
Everything You Need To Know About 2015's Weirdest And Wackiest Health Trends 
Yes, There Is A Right Way To Use Technology Social media does have the power to make us miserable and stressed out -- or to help us feel love and connection, joy and gratitude, inspiration and curiosity.
11 Ways To Stay Safe While Running Outside This Winter 
5 Ways To Have A Better Relationship With Food Moving forward, try to accept foods for what they are -- food. If you like the way a food tastes, it makes you feel good, and you are in the mood for it, then that sounds like a great choice... no matter how much fat or calories it contains. If you don't enjoy the taste of a food, aren't in the mood for it, or it doesn't make you feel very good then it probably isn't a stellar choice for you no matter how many celebrities you've seen eating/drinking it.
Why Some Vaccines Require More Than One Dose 
Mothering Our Maidens -- and the Perfection of Limitation 
What You Need To Know About Happiness And Depression Thanks to the research of Rottenberg and others, however, we are beginning to discover that many of our previous assumptions about depression are dead wrong. Here's what we're learning.
Telling Our Medicine Story 
How To Get The Most Out Of Your Next Bedtime Between making a conscious effort to separate your work life from home, not working on your bed, and being mindful of your activities before bed, over time you'll train your body to be sleep ready.
Didn't You Hear? There Is a 'Cure' for Peanut Allergies I woke up this morning to at least 10 emails from well-intentioned friends and family telling me, in not so many words, \Probiotics cure peanut allergies.  Quick, run out now and buy them.\  Being a food allergy advocate, I had already read the study to which they were referring.
Sugar Pie Honey Bunch 
The Physics of Productivity Most people try to power through and hammer their way past the barriers. The problem with this strategy is that you're still dealing with the other force. I find it to be much less stressful to cut out the opposing forces and let your productivity naturally flow forward.
5 Ways To Add More Relaxation Into Your Routine 
With Two Simple Words, Make a Difference 
6 Qualities That Lead to Living a Meaningful Life Through the unification of all these qualities, we can live a meaningful life, motivated to be of benefit to ourselves, our families and the world at large.
Is This the Best Diet Ever? (Probably Not) While every bad diet is uniquely bad, good diets are a lot more similar than they might appear on the surface.
A Recipe for Inner Peace 
Is Art Feminine? 
The Top 10 Workout Songs For February Exactly half of the songs voted into the top 10 appear in re-worked versions. As always, this is a blessing for folks in search of musical inspiration, since these uptempo updates take existing gym favorites and accentuate their beats and momentum.
Revolutionary Way to Be Healthy #8 
7 Things I Learned on an Elimination Diet (and How They Still Keep Me Healthy Every Day) Sounds pretty rough, huh? At times, yes. But it was on this journey that I learned a few unexpected lessons
7 Avocado Swaps To Make Virtually Any Meal Healthier Mayonnaise has got nothing on avocado.
Ebola Epidemic Takes a Toll on Sierra Leone's Surgeons Even as health officials cautiously declare a decline in the rate of Ebola infections, the epidemic has exacted a new assault against health care workers in the region.
New Feelings Two Years After My Father's Death 
10 Things More Important Than Being Liked Have you noticed lately how our culture all but worships likability? Often at the expense of higher values. If we're not careful, we can spend so much time making ourselves likable, we forget to ask if we like who we're becoming.
Gluten-Free? Awkward! There are many social situations in which you might find it awkward to have dietary restrictions. But in my experience, feeling awkward has a lot to do with external pressures, or your perception of how you are viewed. And when it comes to being gluten-free, I'm only concerned with my health.
Confessions of a Blue-Gened Blonde Unlike other people, I can't keep my depression in the closet. For one thing, I need the space for shoes. But more importantly, staying silent perpetuates the stigma that mental health isn't a topic for polite conversation. So might I propose we all stop being so polite?
Lessons Learned in Loss Loss makes you ache in places you didn't even know existed. Familiar landscapes become unrecognizable.  No matter how hard you try, there is no way to fully prepare for the emotional wreckage it leaves behind. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't try, just a little.
The 4 Things an Air Force Special Ops Pararescueman Taught Me What I learned from Josh the former Pararescueman is that the way to manage fear is to plan for what to do if and when something does go wrong.  People are fearful when they are uncertain about what they are facing and about what they can do.  Josh taught us how to figure out what had happened, and he taught us what was in our scope of practice to do.
If You Are Not Vaccinating Your Children, You Are Selfish Yes, I said it. Selfish. I thought of ways to sugarcoat that statement, but I ultimately decided against it.  You may hate me for saying that, and that's fair. But someone had to say it. Want to know why? Keep reading.
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch 
How Fraud Underlies Anti-Vaccine Claims Despite the pain of needle pricks, we need to get shots -- and read claims about science carefully.  Even if we may not like it.  The dangers of doing otherwise could be deadly.
What Really Happens When You're Infected With Measles, In One Chart 
Ebola Survivors Report Symptoms Of New Syndrome 
Why We Should Be More Self-Accepting (According To Science) 
7 Tools for Facing Fear and Self-Doubt Fear. Worry. Self-doubt. They can keep us frozen in our tracks, unable to move forward no matter how much our heart is yearning for change in our lives.
40 Valentine's Day Love Lessons In honor of Valentine's Day, I want to share some of what I've learned about love after 40 years of marriage. Take what makes sense to you. Leave the rest. I hope it helps in whatever ways you need.
How Creative Geniuses Come Up With Great Ideas Markus Zusak is proof that if you revise your work 200 times -- if you find 200 ways to reinvent yourself, to get better at your craft -- then luck seems to have a way of finding you.
Is It Time to Stop Being the 'Rock'? If you are feeling stuck, don't go through it alone. If you feel invisible, don't go through it alone. If you are worrying, don't go through it alone.
What Failing Compared to Gwyneth Paltrow Taught Me 
Friendly Advice Certainly, there are times when we need advice from someone who is vertical to us, who is a mountain in a particular field. For example, when seeking career, school, or professional advice. But everyone deserves to have someone who is not insurmountable to offer tolerance and support.
Join Me in Spreading Heart Health Awareness! In honor of the heart's amazing ability to function independent of us telling it what to do, here are some interesting facts about this important muscle.
What Is Your Legacy? A legacy should be deeply considered. It takes on immortality, and it is how we live on after death. If we think of our legacy as a gift, it places an emphasis on the thoughtful, meaningful, and intentional aspects of legacy. The consequences of what we do now will outlive us.
Want Happiness? Practice Minimalism I am discovering the deep connections between minimalism and spiritual fulfillment. I am discovering that minimalism and spirituality also does not mean abandonment of career success, financial solvency, and other worldly ambitions.
Replace 'Should' With 'Could to Live a Happier Life I am my harshest critic. I know I am not unique and I am not the only one this applies to. I challenge everyone to just pause and appreciate where you are today without any expectations. Be patient with yourself. You are right where you are supposed to be.
Practicing Mindful Gratitude Try out this happiness challenge, gratitude journaling, or even develop your own approach that is more tailored to your style. Whatever you chose, watch how your overall disposition shifts. The evidence in support of adopting such a practice is certainly convincing!
8 Ways to Sustain Your Inner Connection No Matter What's Happening Around You 
Dating Stop hiding behind typing on a screen and reach out more to the people you call your friends and lovers. Yes, it's a bit more intimate, vulnerable and unpredictable, but it's also a lot more real.
7 Things Leading Plus-Size Fitness Experts Want You To Know With the evidence weighing in so heavily, perhaps it's time to explore a new model of health and wellness. Innovative health experts are starting to back away from the default model of \thin is everything.\
My Wife Ruined Dinner 
5 Tips on Beating the Winter Blahs For many people, the winter blahs might have already kicked in. Or maybe you're resisting feeling down and teetering on the possibility of giving in or pushing through the next few months as you anticipate spring.
Outrage of the Month Moving forward, federal regulatory agencies must act promptly to implement additional safeguards to prevent similar life-threatening mistakes from occurring.
What Are the Lies You Tell Yourself? The path to enlightenment is shifting out of the lies and into truth. Practicing these steps whenever you feel anything other than inner peace is a powerful way of getting there!
The Value of Emotional Generosity 
9 Steps To A Healthful Cold Weather Season For Your Children As an immunologist, come winter, I see a lot of children with viral infections, most often caused by respiratory viruses that affect the nose and throat -- and a lot of parents unhappy with the missed school days! But, there are key steps that parents can take to both prevent viral infections in the first place and, should your child come down with one, to aid in a much quicker recovery.
11 Things You Won't Understand About Happiness Until You Are Happy As challenging of a time that was for me, I came out a different person.  A better person.  It helped to wake me up, and it was then I realized when you choose happiness above all other things you start to understand life a little bit better.
The Damaging Belief That's Keeping You From Finding Calm 
The Key to True Transformation 
How to Be Inspired (And How You've Been Doing It Wrong) Remember that YOU are the key to inspiration. If you don't balance the \inspiring\ achievements of others with some hard work to achieve your own personal goals, then that \positive\ feeling you get today could ultimately end up draining you of empathy.
Aging Gracefully Aging is a luxury. One you should embrace and enjoy. Beginning these anti-aging strategies at a young age will yield a greater benefit for you, but it is never too late to start.
Childhood Anxiety Could Physically Change The Brain 
This 5-Minute Trick Can Motivate You To Do Anything 
Weight Loss Gut Check And so it comes to this
Behind the Curtain With Dr. Oz Implying that absence of a citation in an academic journal means medical advice has no merit is a misleading premise and misses a truth that practicing physicians acknowledge -- at least half the time that we are faced with a clinical decision, strong scientific evidence is lacking.
'Zap' Stress Away By Tuning Into Your Emotions 
Prevention Is More Essential Than Ever in the Fight Against Cancer \An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure,\ is as true today as it was when we heard our grandparents say it.
Nothing Is Separate The great philosopher Abraham Heschel speaks of his fear that we will lose our sense of the Whole. I think this is inevitable, though just as inevitable that will find the Whole again. This poem explores this feeling.
5 Real Ways To Combat The Stigma Around Mental Illness 
6 Simple Steps To Uncovering The Upside Of Stress 
Our Failure to Understand Mental Illness Has Debilitated Nearly 60 Million Americans Our country was founded on the principles of liberty and justice for all, but our failure to understand mental illness and provide assistance facilities for families and the ill has ripped away the liberty and justice deserved for nearly 60 million Americans.
4 Steps to Detoxify Your Kitchen Most likely, the food industry holds your kitchen hostage. No doubt your cupboards and pantry are filled with ultra-processed fare. Detoxifying your kitchen allows you to escape these shackles and transform your kitchen to a place of wellness.
6 Sexy Moves for Weight Training (VIDEO-GIFS) Using your own body weight provides resistance. The exercises below are done in a lunge position to help engage the lower body along with the upper body.
This Challenge Just Might Help You Kick Your Digital Habit 
So, What the Heck is a Probiotic? 
Why It's Healthy to Change What You Believe To me, a good belief is one that promotes a healthy sense of self-esteem. With a healthy sense of self-esteem, you feel at peace with just being yourself. We should all have that, right? But what do you believe about yourself?
How to Make Yourself a Priority I've talked to so many clients who believe if only they could get more done and get it done more quickly they would be happier. Yet I see these same clients work and work until they are stressed out, exhausted, and unable to be very effective at anything they do.
Studies Show Little Benefit from Too-Frequent Pap Tests While annual Pap test screenings in the past 30 years have reduced the cervical cancer rate by 50 percent, it isn't the only way to detect cervical cancer. As it turns out, we only need to have one every three years.
The Troubling Trend Behind California's Measles Outbreak 
How Much Sleep You Really Need -- According To Science 
When You Know Your 'Good Days' Are Numbered I believe there are few things more important to how we live our lives than contemplating the temporality, and fragility, of life on this side of eternity. Accepting the vanity of our present pursuits is the beginning of discovering our true purpose, and the true meaning of our lives.
Listening and Seeing -- American Sniper In the first Dirty Harry movie we are entertained with the sight of Harry educating a citizen on a fundamental problem in human relations.
How to Believe in People Again Positive people tend to attract other positive people and as soon as you reconnect with your friends who are positive, who do believe in people, who do believe in you, who do cheer you on, you start to access their network of other people like that.
How a Stray Dog Taught Me the Value of Inner Peace Your reality is consistently a reflection of your inner state. When you live with an inner knowledge of your own security and safety, the emotions of security and safety will be perpetuated and reflected back like a mirror into your life. In other words, the only way to truly defend yourself from emotional danger is to live and act from a place of security and wholeness.
17 Ways To Age-Proof Your Brain 
3 Ways To Boost Your Empathy With small gestures, you can consciously  widen the circle of your empathy and be stronger for the effort. Not only will be you more resilient, but your life may well be more filled with love.
Why Our Eyelids Feel So Heavy When We're Tired 
8 Ways To Recommit To Your Fading Resolutions 
Count Your Lucky Stars In my opinion, being happy is not easy or hard and shouldn't be viewed with a pass/fail mindset. It's an emotional state that you can develop and incorporate into your daily life... but it doesn't just happen.
Why Positive Thinking Doesn't Always Work 
Football's 'Deflategate' and the Wonder of What If That's the power of what ifs -- their capacity to create never-ending questions.  Never-ending questions can rob you of a sense of closure and, robbed of closure, people find it difficult to move on.
3 Lifehacks for the Motivationally Challenged 
Why We Can't (Always) Trust Ourselves 
How To Feel More Energized Right Now 
Vaccine Critics On Defensive From Rational People 
5 Ways to Be Happier Today Next time you find yourself feeling down, pick one of these ideas and go for it.  Odds are good you'll reap the benefits immediately with an increase in your happiness level regardless of the weather.
Do You Have Metabol-Envy? 
The Super Bowl Sprints Workout to Burn Fat and Improve Power 
Autism Without Fear 
Two Different Paths to Obesity and What They Have in Common It's hard to tease apart metabolic vs. hedonic causes for obesity, and impossible to change the underlying genetics leading to each susceptibility. Both mechanisms explain why it's so hard to lose weight and keep it off.
Modern Medicine, Mired at the Line of Scrimmage What if football were more like modern medicine? Perhaps the only way to advance down the field would be to renounce all progress to date and start again each time at the 20-yard line. You never get to build on your prior gains. That seems a dubious game to me.
Lessons From Chronic Pain One of the hardest aspects about living with an invisible disability is that people, usually through no fault of their own, just do not get it. Some people find it incredibly difficult to understand that someone who has no apparent disability could be in pain.
7 Ways to Practice Self-Acceptance Remember, what you practice, you get better at. When you chose to practice self-acceptance, compassion, and kindness toward yourself and others, you'll cultivate peace, courage, and joy. That's a habit worth getting good at!
Days of Inspiration for the New Year! 
Days of Inspiration for the New Year! 
Race Is On to Find Treatment For Mystery Illness Paralyzing Children 
Learn How to KISS to Reduce Your Stress I needed to make some different choices because they weren't working out so well for me. So began my journey to getting a little extra loving in my life. I got busy KISSing. Anywhere and everywhere I could, I learned to K.I.S.S.
California School Barrs Non-Vaccinated Students From School 
Confused About What to Eat? 8 Strategies for Healthy Eating and Weight Loss Below are eight strategies for healthy eating and weight loss that can be modified based on your belief system, your personal preferences and your individual body.
6 Ways We Can Use Taste and Smell to Optimize Our Nutrition Though talks of tongue and smell might not be the trendiest of health news at the moment, they are no doubt the senses that are most intimately linked to our nutrition -- and therefore indispensable to our everyday journey towards better health.
4 Easy Habits You Can Start Creating Today to Become Magnetic to the Life You Want One of the tricks to manifesting what we want in life is to create a small set of daily rituals, or success habits, that not only help us feel great in our day-to-day but will also help us align with a higher vibrational energy so that we become magnetic to what we desire.
What Happened to My Son's Memory? 
Less Fear, More Courage It takes courage after 25 years of procrastination to begin writing your first children's book. It takes courage after 10 years of building a food company, and with sales down and funding drying up, to walk away because you recognize it's just not going to work.
Look Out, I'm Hugging As my mom sits in a Philadelphia area hospital recouping from open heart surgery, I now see these as the many small moments that gave me strength, a deep sense of loyalty, and a hearty appreciation for the odd.
Your Weight Is Just a Symptom Getting to the root of your weight issue will begin your healing process to total body freedom forever. You deserve that.
Finding Our Society Beyond the Walls of Separation and Fear When our ideologies include any sort of oppression, whether it's hatred or an exclusion of self from community, we are disregarding the divine truths of life and need to question how to fully develop our human potential.
Keith Urban Has A Really Smart Way Of Defining Success 
'Beauty Is Something That I am Not Really Willing to Settle On' I suppose I am very visual. I see beauty in some really unique places. I see it inside people, and it annoys the crap out of me when the person has tried to hide or dim their beauty, consciously or unconsciously, in order to feel safe, accepted, or loved.
More Smokers Are Turning To E-Cigarettes To Help Them Quit 
Household Cleaning Tips for Cold and Flu Season Washing your hands and stocking up on orange juice are great starting points, but there's more you can do at home to decrease your chances of falling ill. Take these steps to keep yourself and your family in good health.
Something New Can Help Beat the Winter Blues The bottom line is that if you find yourself feeling depressed, you can't expect your condition to resolve itself -- you need to do something about it!
Making Progress On Veterans' Suicide Prevention Bill An important suicide prevention bill for veterans, derailed at the end of the last Congress, is back on the fast track. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans (SAV) Act was unanimously passed by the House of Representatives earlier this month and the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs just last week. Now, we are counting on the Senate to act quickly and send it to the president.
Yoga Teacher Kristen Schneider's Practice on Cultivating Sattva Yogis have a good reputation for being light-hearted, graceful, and joyous, but teacher Kristen Schneider takes it to another level.
Naval Chakra Tune Up 
The Price of Saying Yes Do less, not more, to honor who you already are. Turn off your smart phone. Take a nap or a walk in the park. Meditate. Read a novel. Say no to the party that you are too tired to go to. Decline the urge to say yes.
5 Homemade Soups to Keep You Warm Through Winter Making soups from scratch yields delicious meals and helps limit your family's exposure to chemicals and added ingredients found in canned soups. As I've touched upon a little in this post, I always like to take it one step further by using safer food containers made of glass and stainless steel to help limit my use of plastics.
A Few Turns of the Moon For all the hardships that life throws at us, I have always felt that life keeps living. Perhaps not in the same form or in a way that is recognizable. But life keeps pulsing under everything.
Breaking the Stigma I arrogantly assumed that my lack of a criminal record and the small amount of clean time I had accumulated would exonerate me and I would leave with a slap on the wrist. I was sentenced to 12 months in jail, five years probation, more than $3,000 in restitution and 100 hours of community service.
Why Some Women Are Giving Up Tampons For Good 
6 Wacky Health Claims That May Not Be True As a physician and a researcher, I always like to know the source of health advice. Just because something is published in a science journal or reported on the news doesn't mean it's true. You need to look at how a study is designed, as well as decide if it seems to make sense. Here's some health advice that you should think twice about.
7 Overused Cliches That Hold Your Weight and Health Hostage In my nearly three decades working as a nutrition and fitness professional, I've heard them all. While they often begin as logical and innocuous, \I'll start Monday\ and numerous other overused cliches stall fat loss and inhibit us from reaching our full potential. Any of these seven self-sabotaging sayings sound familiar?
This Doctor Slept In A Haunted House To Prove You Can Get A Great Night's Sleep Anywhere The next time you are forced to sleep in an unsettling location, hopefully these tips will help you rest in peace.
Can We Go From Around 1 in 100 to 1 in Never? An ambulance ride to their local hospital was followed by a medical helicopter flight to Boston Children's Hospital, where Joseph received the majority of his care. Gina took the chopper; Rob made the longest one-hour drive of his life.
Gourmet Game Day 
Fear and Loathing My desire is to never lose that ability, that I never admit defeat, or become another name on the list of those who've lost the war on their minds. I hope that, as time goes on, and if the setbacks continue to occur, I seek not an exit but a welcome embrace.  Until it is over, for better or worse, I will continue to chronicle my struggles, making them public in an effort to let you know you are not alone.
Just Beet It 
What Happened to My Son's Memory? Science Explains Phenomena Affecting Digital Natives As a parenting expert and author, I'm fortunate enough to work with some of the premiere universities and hospitals currently conducting research on this very subject. So shouldn't I be inoculated against this type of unwelcome infiltration in my own home? Um, hell no. No parent is.
How To Work Out With A Friend Without Ruining Your Relationship 
Focus Matters How would you measure up if someone observed you and wrote down what you were doing once a minute?  Would they see you scrolling through social media, talking on the phone to your relative about a problem at home, or taking action toward your dreams?
The 8 Steps to Happiness Whether it's a job, a friendship, a relationship, a SHIRT, you can't force something that just isn't right. You can -- and you will -- be persistent about making what you want happen, but don't force anything.
15 Rules to Live by for a Happier Life 
7 Resilient People Who Should Inspire You This Year At the end of year I took a good hard look at who had exhibited considerable resilience in 2014, and made a list of my favorites. Not only do they serve as great examples of great empathy, optimism, self-efficacy, hope and initiative; they also are the most likely to flourish in the next year.
The Emperor's New Clothes... and Other Tales of Vulnerability 
Sometimes Change Is Exactly What You Need 
Why You Should Try Not To Worry Alone 
Want to Be Inspired and Authentic? Start Writing More Writing has allowed me to find myself when I found myself looking for answers. But most importantly, like Anne Frank, it allows me to build courage consistently to pursue my dream. I hope you will take the time to find your voice using your writing as your guide post.
5 Action Steps to Improve End-of-Life Care in Your Community While we may not be able to singlehandedly transform the death industry in our country, each one of us can do something in our lives and our own communities to make a difference. We just have to be creative and strongly motivated to implement change.
Doctors Urge Measles Shots As Disneyland Outbreak Spreads 
'There's No Shame' In Talking About Mental Illness 
How To Bring Healthcare Technologies To The Developing World 
7 Surprisingly Effective Ways To Lose Weight 
New Year 
Conversations with God about Bush 
Why Skipping The Flu Vaccine Could Harm Your Sense Of Smell 
How We Can Help Prevent The Next Global Outbreak 
When Death Comes Slowly The aging process is not for the faint of heart. It rushes forth without our willing consent. As we age and watch our loved ones age we are reminded of our true powerlessness. Part of having a family is facing these challenges together, loving and supporting each other through the good times, challenging times and painful times.
How I've Survived the Sudden Death of My Parents I'm 43 years old now, and I still haven't unburied all the pain around my parents' death, or the pain I carry in regard to my relationship with them while they were alive. But I'm digging, and I'm facing it, and I'm healing, and I'm growing.
How An Enormous Failure Changed Rainn Wilson's Life 
How My Brother Saved Me From Suicide Sean's words weren't lengthy or profound, but they made me realize that my life mattered to other people; his words gave me hope to move forward in my life.
How Limiting Beliefs Hold Us Down (And How to Make a Life Altering Shift) Many 40-somethings, like Bruce, eventually realize life turned out vastly differently than their idealistic, younger selves imagined. Unlike many 40-somethings, however, Bruce took his dream as a message and decided to do something about it.
Let's Talk Baloney With Joy Behar I'm not talking about the meat you put in a sandwich. I'm talking about celiac disease -- a serious genetic condition that television personality Joy Behar dubbed as \baloney\ on the Jan. 20, 2015 episode of MSNBC's Morning Joe show. Let me say that again
The Fragility of Life and Lung I am not the kind of person who wants to forget trauma and suffering. Rather, I want to cherish it. I want to remember that life is fragile no matter my effort to prevent another cancer -- no matter my dad's effort to stay active, healthy and strong.
Is It the Super Bowl or the 'Super Bowl'? 
What Allergy Patients Need to Know About Immunotherapy Understandably, many allergy sufferers are searching for a compelling and long-term solution to lessen their symptoms and improve their quality of life. There is one such treatment that, while effective, goes underutilized by the majority of allergy patients
Make This Year an Investment in Moments, Not Wasted Days I wonder why it's so hard to believe another year has come and gone when we are so quick to wish time away by pushing things off until tomorrow, ignorantly believing the next day will always be there. Before we know it, we'll be staring down 2016, then 2017, and so on.
12 Crucial Life Lessons We All Need to Remember Your present circumstances have already happened. You don't have to like them, but you have to accept them -- otherwise you are wasting your energy fighting a no-win battle against what is, instead of saving your energy to put towards making big life changes.
The Secret Key to Navigating Change There are moments in life where change is thrust upon you, pushing and stretching you beyond your known world. At other times, you decide to make a change because you want something different or because the status quo feels hollow and you know there is more.
How to Build Muscle The health and fitness industry is filled with unnecessary complexity and thousands of experts sharing conflicting ideas. If there is anything I've learned during 10 years of strength training, it's that mastering the fundamentals is more valuable than worrying about the details.
Melinda Gates Speaks Out Against The Anti-Vaccine Movement 
What Really Matters When we are mindful of the power of intimate connection it becomes easier to prioritize our time in a way that allows us to savor our connections with our loved ones more fully. And any circumstance that bring us back to this awareness is indeed a great blessing.
Have Heart Disease? Feel Confident Resuming Sexual Activity! With increasing research, the message is becoming clear
5 Things You Should Do Differently in the New Year You can live a comfortable life without once stepping outside of your comfort zone and probably end up just fine. However, when you live life this way, you miss so many amazing opportunities.
Days of Inspiration for the New Year! 
Days of Inspiration for the New Year! 
More Evidence That Alcohol Ads Are Linked To Teen Binge Drinking 
Controversial Study Links E-Cigarettes To Formaldehyde Exposure 
Should You Get An IUD? 
Sometimes a Girl Just Needs to Buy Herself Some Flowers... 
How Patient Suicide Affects Psychiatrists 
We Hold the Pieces to Our Puzzles But we must remember we hold the pieces ourselves, as we have the power for change and recovery. We have the power to complete our puzzle and therefore truly, and bravely, embrace and own all the pieces of us.
The 3 Fears That Keep You From Shining Your Brightest (and How to Overcome Them), Part 1 
The Case For Giving Your Brain A Break Because of the way the brain's neurological network builds connections, each of these things helps our memories grow stronger. Giving our brains a break, it seems, is actually one of the best things we can do.
Weight Loss or Weight Control? That Is the Question We've all seen it.  Someone goes on a diet, loses the weight, then in due time gains the weight back -- with \interest.\  In other words, many diets can be temporary plans with temporary results. Do some plans over-promise?  Well, I think we both know the answer to that question.
6 Steps To Finding To Finding The Right Career For You 
A Nurse's New Year's Resolution 
May We #ReclaimMLK With Mindfulness 
Forget 'Diet' -- Instead, 'Edit' I am not a fan of the the words \detox\ or \diet.\ I also don't believe in giving up what brings me pleasure to be healthy. Pleasure is healthy. Why give it up? We should have more, not less, in our lives.
We Tried It Everyone at the studio was so friendly, and Andia encouraged us to go at our own pace throughout class. At no point during class did \I'm not going to live through this\ run through my head -- and trust me, that's happened in workout classes before! I left feeling energized and like I'd had a great workout.
Thaw Your Body, Mind and Soul With a Winterized Yoga Practice 
How To Find The Right Surgeon On Sunday morning, my neighbor Carolyn knocked on my front door holding a basket of carbs and said, \I need to have my gallbladder out. I've never had an operation and have no idea how to find a surgeon to do my surgery. I don't want to die. I brought you some scones.\
The Panic Attack That Changed My Life 
Even Regular Exercise Isn't Enough To Cancel Out Too Much Sitting 
9 Quotes About Dreams To Inspire The Perfect Night's Sleep 
5 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Every Day Asking yourself the following questions will do just that
The One Thing That Can Really Change Your Life in 2015 
How To Use Chocolate To Strengthen Your Willpower 
Here's What's Really Happening When You Wake Up And Think You See A Ghost 
The 5 Best Core Exercises You Probably Aren't Doing When I ask my clients to do core training it requires them to look beyond abs and see a system of muscles that work together to complete almost all the physical movements you make. For this reason I've put together what I feel are not only the best, but the most eye-opening core exercises.
How To Overcome Self-Doubt If you've run out of steam, maybe it's your body trying to tell you something. When you are feeling overwhelmed, instead of giving up, just take a break. Don't abandon ship, just give yourself a moment. Take a nap. Take a walk. Do something else and come back later feeling refreshed.
8 Ways To Harness The Power Of Boredom 
What It's Like To Spend The Night In A Sleep Lab 
Zeroing in on the \u2018Work' in \u2018Work-Life Balance' In the quest to help employees attain \work-life balance,\ efforts often focus only on one half of that equation (life), ignoring the other half (work). Certainly it is worthwhile to create flexible work arrangements and ways for employees to carve out time away from work -- something the Boston Consulting Group has done for years.
Donations Pour In For Phoenix Newborn Quadruplets After Mother Dies 
How To Talk About Your Workout Routine Without Making Everyone Else Feel Lazy 
9 Lovely Thoughts That Will Brighten Your Day 
Flu Vaccine Barely Working This Year, CDC Says 
10 Tips to Keep Your Pet Safe in Cold Weather Some pets won't wear items of clothing no matter how chilly they are. But if your pet tolerates it well, a sweater can help keep your dog warm, especially when you take her outdoors.
Can You Trust Your Doctor? Doctors have degrees in medicine, but they don't have a degree in your specific body; only you do. Trust yourself. Know that you are the expert of your body and what is good for you. It is your responsibility to let the doctor know about other issues, other reactions you have noticed, and ways you have found to bring relief.
What Do You Want to Be When You Grow Up? My job as a human is to become the best possible version of myself. There is no one better than Marcus to teach me how to do that. When I vent to my husband about people's actions I have seen or read, Marcus gently reminds me, \No one is perfect, Mom.\
5 Ways to Achieve the Secret Goals You're Afraid to Share Fear has the ability to stop you from achieving these secret goals for your life. How many times have you missed an opportunity because of fear? How many times have you talked yourself out of wanting something because you were afraid it wasn't realistic?
Lights Go On, Part XXXX -- Learning 
Where to Pause... Pensacola Taking a pause is not really like a vacation because there is no agenda other than slowing down and enjoying life. You can still be social, plugged in and available but maybe you change gears and remember what you value in life.
The Problem and Beauty of Accepting If you're having a hard time, and the alarms are starting to go off in your head, just stop for minute. Observe and accept this moment. There will be another moment to replace it, and another. And every one has new possibilities to be something different.
Dare to Be 100 
Yes, You Can Outsource Your Anxiety 
3 Ways To Sleep Better Tonight If you want to improve your sleep, there are actually some very simple and practical ways to go about it. I call these strategies the three levers of sleep.
Music Lessons, Life Lessons 
Simmer -- Almost at your Boiling Point Having ups and downs is part of the path to wellness and it's okay to get frustrated once in a while.
Brittany Maynard's Husband 
Grandma and Grandad When Big and Middle (my brothers) started talking about going to see Grandma and Grandad, I was hesitant. I have so many beautiful and fun memories involving my grandfather. I didn't want my last memories of him to be of him in a weakened state.
Why Your Happiness Has Little to Do With Positive Thinking That's why believing in \change your thoughts, change your life\ is just like believing that you can put out a fire by dispelling the smoke. Not that it will never work. It's just a lot of work for not a lot of results.
Words That Describe the Meaning of Life A friend of mine just lost her beloved aunt. She was with her in her last days, and as they cried together her aunt said, \You know why we feel this way? Because we know what love is. Aren't we so blessed? I am so grateful I got to know you and love you.\
Three Ways to Handle Social Media Stress So how do we deal with this? How do we work with this new quickened pace and maintain a less stressful lifestyle? While it will certainly take a great deal of thought, here are three ways to help manage social media stress.
4 Ways to Make Cooking at Home Doable -- and More Fun Maybe you'll never can bushels of green beans, make your own ketchup, or grind your own hamburger. And that's fine. Cooking in your kitchen doesn't ever need to be an obsessive big deal. All it needs to be is a chance for you to enjoy yourself, learn something new, and feel good about what you've done.
How Do I Get a Flat, Rock-Hard Mid-Section? Core training is obviously a very important aspect in developing a strong mid-section.  Let's face it, on top of being strong everyone wants a rock-hard flat stomach.  Let's dive into some points that are imperative in doing so. We'll jump into the three most important topics
8 Elements Of A Sincere Apology Next time you're in a position to apologize, do it the right way even though it might be difficult. The gain far outweighs any anxiety you may have over saying, \I am sorry.\
Top 4 Ways to Break Your New Year's Resolution 
How to Stop Worrying It's been a long process over the years to get to a point where I can brush off my worries pretty quickly. Here's the steps that I follow to overcome my worries that I'd like to share with you to live a freer and less anxious life...
Smoking Cessation Without Weight Gain If you don't quit smoking, smoking will quit you. The tobacco addiction is hard to overcome but you can change your way and become addicted to life, fresh air, and deep breathing.
Call the Undertaker, I'm Dying Here If you think sitting with a parent and helping them to write their funeral is depressing, it doesn't have to be. Mum and I sang and made black humor-infested jokes and looked back on what her life had meant to her and how she wanted that conveyed.
The 3 Things to Do When You Want to Get Hotter With Age I can't say these didn't help me at all, but looking back I realized there where only a few things that really had a profound impact on finally accepting who I truly am:
Crazy Is Easier That's not to say we aren't responsible for our choices as adults. We are. Responsible for telling the truth and getting the support we need. We are responsible for our feelings and taking action on our own behalf. Responsible for making amends. Responsible for learning to nurture our own hearts when we've never felt nurtured.
Recommitting to Your New Year's Resolutions We all take a step back backward now and again. Take a deep breath, regroup and be mindful about recommitting to your goals through building new habits.
5 Things We Must Accept to Move Forward in 2015 I've narrowed it down to five things that we must accept in order for us to move forward in times of profound change, uncertainty and complexity. By accepting we arm ourselves to move forward more quickly despite the often complicated nature of life.
How Did You Get to Be the Way You Are? Remember that your beliefs are powerful self-fulfilling prophecies.  The bottom line of this is that if you change your beliefs, you will change your experiences.  You are not a victim unless you choose to be.  Health and well-being in adulthood is not achieved through the accumulation of external successes, but rather through cleaning out your internal emotional closets.
The Marathon Runner Who Jumps Over All Hurdles It was during law school that Robin found, very much by mistake, her passion for running and fell in love with it. She describes that in the years after much of her time in the law office was spent \counting down the minutes\ until she could go for a run.
Why This Grammy Winner Prefers His Farm To Fame 
100 Ways to Connect Intimately With Your Partner The positive news is that it doesn't actually take that much time to rekindle feelings of closeness.  But it does take intentionality and commitment to taking a small amount of time each day to maintain or rebuild your connection.
6 Cheap Winter Superfoods To Buy Now 
Depression as a Mnemonic Nobody has to struggle alone, as there's always someone who is willing to provide assistance.  The challenge -- many times -- is to be willing to identify assistance and give someone an opportunity to help.
5 Tips For Running In Sub-Zero Temperatures The key to running in the extreme cold is to protect yourself, wear the proper clothing and have an exit strategy.
My Favorite Love Story Like the waltz, their love affair was long. It flowed effortlessly at times. And, like the best love stories, it had continuous turns. The tempo of the waltz is slow and invites very powerful and dynamic movements from all dancers. Just like my grandma and grandpa.
Stuart Scott Didn't Lose to Cancer... He Transcended It While this battlefield metaphor is one that may work well in sports, where there is almost always a winner and a loser at the end of the contest, it falls short when applied to an illness like cancer. Cancer has no rules, no time outs, no substitutions, no game clock.
4 Ways to Cope When You're Around Unhappy People In the midst of easily picking up on all these different vibes that others are giving off, it can be easy to get caught up in other people's not-so-pleasant emotions.
What We All Need Now When we blame or project our pain onto others, then we're avoiding the real cause that lies within ourselves
What Your Yoga Teacher Really Means \Soften your front ribs\ is one of those instructions I have never understood. For one thing, it isn't anatomically possible to \soften\ your ribcage. Ribs are made of bone, and the front of your ribcage is cartilage. Solid stuff -- and I like them that way.
7 Poses to Help You Keep Your New Year's Intentions Bartlett created this seven-pose sequence to help you say goodbye to the old and embrace the new in 2015. \I chose a sequence that leads up to Handstand,\ Bartlett says. \This pose allows you to turn your world sideways and upside down to see new perspectives.\
A Weighty New Year's Resolution The #1 New Year's resolution is to lose weight (it's the winter equivalent of \bikini season!\). But while there are certainly health concerns associated with obesity, there's also a tremendous amount of gratuitous dieting going on aimed at achieving impossible standards of \ideal beauty.\
8 Science-Backed Reasons To Get More Sleep You've likely heard some of these core benefits before, but more recent studies have further explored the value of rest, providing some interesting insights.
On Grieving Fully What Broke Lately I've been feeling a deep tenderness about us humans in this world, grappling with our many losses; contemplating how we come to live in wholeness with the undeniably broken pieces of our lives?
Don't Let Your New Year's Resolutions Come Unstuck Habits, good or bad, make us who we are. The key is controlling them.
5 Healthy Eating Habits To Adopt This Year 
Hitting The Snooze Button Really Isn't Helping You Wake Up 
You're A Week A Way From A Less Chaotic Life There are times in our lives when we get really burnt out and everything overwhelms us. We feel disorganized, we become forgetful, and we can't keep up with our work.  One way to deal with this is to take some time to declutter things in your life that are not working for you anymore.
Investigators Pinpoint The Source Of Deadly Listeria Outbreak 
Disneyland Measles Outbreak Highlights The Importance Of Vaccines 
How to Use the Empathic Process By recognizing the differences between our wants and our needs, one is able to work towards a healthier and more balanced interaction.  And, by bringing wants and needs to consciousness, this allows one to deliberately and consciously act in the best interest of their relationship.
Healthy Living Comics 
The TGIF! Diet -- Why It Works 
5 Effective Ways to Reboot Your Body for 2015 Rather than the deprivation of a quick detox, a reboot uses the powerful antioxidants and phytochemicals in nutrient-rich foods to support your entire body -- cells, organs, immune system and mind. That sustains you for life, not just a few days.
Would You Trade Your Tomorrows? 
The Bearable Lightness of Being Earnest I will eternally detest everything about OCD, but it brought me to McLean and there I met Will. Consequently, I not only gained the tools to live free of OCD's constant grip, but also to just live.
Bone Broth and Magic Beans So there you have it. If you like bone broth, sip bone broth -- although I do think you are obliged to consider the lives, and deaths, that spawned those bones. Cruelty has no place on the menu of decent people, whatever our gustatory inclinations.
How The Rewilding Movement Can Renew Your Sense Of Wonder 
Stop Killing The Good Guys! Protect Your Child's Microbiome From Antibiotic Overuse There's no doubt that antibiotics are a good thing. They save lives every day. As with many things, however, more is not always better. And this is certainly the case with antibiotics.
10 Ways This Writer Mama Will Stay Positive and Focused on Her Writing Goals in 2015 
'Healthy Obesity' Is Rare, But Real 
Not Beaten, Bound or Broken To those of you in the throes of your own depression I offer this
The Insidiousness of Excuses 
Connecticut Teen With Cancer Fights To Stop Chemo 
Chickpea Soup Well dear readers, I'm thinking about doing a cookbook. But when I looked over my recipes, I realized I was missing a chickpea soup recipe, the kind you find in Italy.
Find the Love You Always Wanted in 2015 
Cancer There are times when people work to prevent cancer and it doesn't work, but it's not unlike a seat belt in a car
Some Honest Health Advice for the New Year The more willing we are to tell the truth about how we feel, what we see and what we want, the easier it becomes and the more likely we are to realize the health benefits - to our bodies, to our relationships and yes, even to our businesses. Telling the truth is the honest path to better health.
4 Things Death Teaches Us About Life To have four people within my extended circle of family and friends die within the same week, made death feel not only inevitable, but closer to home. Regardless of how much or little time we have left, here are four things death teaches us about life.
Wheelchair Wisdom 
Margins and Wordless Wonder I'd spent the past few weeks feeling completely lost, purposeless, and alone, but in the simple actions of that little girl, I began to realize the simplicity and power of hope and faith in our world.  All I needed to do was to figure out a way of silencing all the noise around and inside of me, and begin to focus on the beauty of a moment, the belief in the wonderful.
Why You Should Nap At Work Midday napping may sound like an extravagant indulgence that coddles workers. And it's true that employees reap considerable advantage. But the ultimate beneficiaries of allowing for rest are the companies that create the conditions for optimal functioning.
Soccer Might Make Us Dumber Why is it that the fun and satisfaction of participating in sports overwhelms our recognition that they could significantly destroy our body, be it the knee or the brain? The answer, I believe, is that as athletes we just can't comprehend the impact of the damage.
How Fear Of Terrorism May Put You At Risk Of Long-Term Disease 
The 3 Most Important Things for Keeping Resolutions 
The Body-Image Solution 
Is Yoga Really for Everyone? I loved how physically demanding the hour was, but I missed the philosophical aspects of yoga. Somehow it felt incomplete. When there were small bits of chanting in Sanskrit introduced, I wondered whether the students or the teachers really understood what the chants meant or why they were doing them.
4 Mindset Shifts You Can Make So You Never Have to Diet Again Eating from a gentler, more compassionate place allows us to treat ourselves with kindness. And this love and kindness is what really heals us. Instead of depriving yourself of all sweets, have just one small treat a day.
Second Chances 
The One Resolution That Saves You Money and Improves Your Health Decreasing waste is environmentally beneficial and, as a bonus, will likely clean up your food choices and save you some money as well. Here are five tips for decreasing garbage that directly influence healthy eating.
6 Easy Ways to Nourish Your Life Today It may surprise how a few little tweaks to your surroundings, your way of thinking, and your daily schedule can quickly add up to a more nourishing way of living. To get you started, here are six easy ways to nourish yourself today.
Is Cancer the 'Best Death'? What I can remember about my mother's death from breast cancer certainly does not reflect Dr. Smith's romantic view of dying.
15 Tips for Getting Fit in 2015 Then, once you've got your resolution and the specifics of your fitness goals for the year set in stone, you can incorporate the following health and fitness tips into your plan.
Healthy Living Comics 
Learn From Your Disappointments 
You Want to Help the World? Meditate! Lessons From a College Classroom Meditation develops the inner dimension of our humanity.  Why is this important?  Because who we are on the inside affects everything we say and do on the outside -- all of our decisions, words, and actions.  Our inner being has an effect on the world around us.
9 Keys to Incredible Change in 2015 A new year delivers new hope for improvement. And as much as we dread the effort this entails, we must bear in mind that we're the only ones who can make ourselves better in any and every way. Strive for the right kinds of change in 2015 and broaden your horizon so that it becomes endless.
The Comments A Cancer Survivor Doesn't Want To Hear Unfortunately, when the time comes to begin the intimate and sometimes awkward conversation of \I have/had cancer,\ it will produce mixed reviews. While the majority of feedback will be positive and supportive, the brash among us will offer slightly hurtful responses instead.
Michael Symon 
Self-Care as Revolutionary Action By telling my story, I hope I am positively contributing to others
Why You Should Stop Having Good Intentions in 2015 and Beyond So what are you waiting for in life? Why aren't you acting now? No, really, why aren't you? That's a serious question that requires you to think about it in depth.
Which Wolf Will You Feed in 2015? 
Depression Summarized in Three Panels 
Connecticut Top Court to Rule on Teen's Right to Refuse Chemotherapy 
Ditch Your New Year's Resolution for a Vision 
You Don't Have to Read This Blog There are so few things we actually \have to\ do it's shocking. Realizing we have many more choices than we think we do is absolute freedom.
Lessons From My Gratitude Jar 
I Don't Need a New Year -- Just a New Day January 1 is a great day to make a change, but so are the other 364 days of the year. You don't need a new year. You just need a new day.
Everything Sees Everything is alive and everything has something to offer. In the press of daily life, we often ignore these teachers, though they're everywhere.
Measuring the Immeasurable? Compassion Under a Microscope 
January Is the Month for Personal Renewal Diet is a good word. Diet only means the way you eat. If you eat donuts all day, you have a diet of donuts. If you eat healthy, you have a healthy diet. Diet does not mean deprivation or starvation, it means choosing food items.
Getting the Right Care for the Right Patient in the Right Time This is all about improving the quality of care in real time. Whereas studies show what has already happened to a patient, sometimes months after discharge, this is an opportunity to make a difference when it matters most -- while care is being given.
Out of the Woods 
10 Fitness Resolution Ideas For 2015 Instead of a weight-loss goal, consider performance goals, which may help you stay more motivated to exercise not just this year, but for the rest of your life. Getting leaner and stronger is a byproduct of achieving these performance goals.
How One Gym Is Helping People Get In Touch With Their Feelings 
Introducing Sophia, a Project to Collect Life Lessons from Fascinating People Think of someone you admire -- a talented artist or scientist, entrepreneur or adventurer. Do you know what their great regret in life is? What advice would they share about parenting, or aging, or finding fulfillment? What book has had the greatest impact on their life? Chances are you don't know. Which is why we've created Sophia.
The Positive Benefits Of Roadblocks It is common to complain about the constraints in our lives
Yoga Poses For Better Sleep A long day can leave your legs sore, your back achy, your neck stiff, and your mind racing. What's the solution? Yoga, of course! The perfect p.m. practice not only helps melt the stress of the day but sets you up for a restful night's sleep.
The Advice Trainers Actually Follow Themselves People ask what I do when the munchies strike, how often I work out, and if I ever indulge in adult beverages! The answer is YES, I do, but I live by the 80/20 rule. Here are some of the things I do regularly to stay fit.
14 Modern Fitness Myths -- Busted 
5 Yoga Poses That Train You For Winter Sports Use this practice as a warm-up or cross-training sequence to lengthen and strengthen your body for skiing and snowshoeing.
How Love Lifts Us Over the Hurdles of Life These \teachable\ moments that some might view as setbacks are also one way that life reminds us to slow down and take a deeper breath, to pace ourselves. Renewed, we stand up once again. Once again, we speak up about things that matter most in life to us.
5 Signs You Seriously Need More Sleep 
5 Movies to Jumpstart Your End-of-Life Conversations Once we figure out how we feel about our own death and dying, the next step we must take -- initiating the conversation with our loved ones -- is often the most difficult step to complete.
A Diet For Food Lovers 
Respect In 2015 one of my primary wishes is that all of us will concentrate on treating other people with respect. I have just scratched the surface; I encourage you to give this entire matter some very deep consideration.
10 Ways to Give Your 'Resolutions' a Fighting Chance for Success Gratitude is an amazing tool that can turn any situation around.  Be grateful for all that you experience (the ups and the downs) and every one you meet along your path.  Make gratitude part of your daily practice and watch as all of your intentions (and even things you hadn't quite thought about) come true quickly making way for more expansion and growth.
Seeking Swifter Action In E-Cigarette Regulation The wheels of bureaucracy grind slowly in Washington, but we can only hope that the FDA can meet this new challenge with timely action to regulate the importation of e-cigarettes containing ingredients that are known health hazards.
Resolving to Be Kind I decided to focus on intentionally being kind to myself and to others to make it a daily practice and a way of living and being, not just a lofty concept. So I present to you these 10 resolutions for 2015:
Stress-Eating Doesn't Actually Taste That Great 
5 Life Lessons We Can Learn From Thank You Notes This is one communication that can only be done old school -- no emails or texts.  It has to be on paper, in an envelope, and mailed.  The experience of writing a thank you note does as much for the sender as the receiver.
Deceptively Simple Resolutions That Actually Work There's always a tension between how life is and how you want it to be -- that's where those New Year's resolutions come in, and that's why they fail. When you pick a goal or an intention for the year, your current habits and ways of living push back. Embedded structures get in the way of the new stuff you're trying to make room for.
The Weird Reason Some People Are Allergic To Fruits And Veggies 
How To Become A Morning Person Most of us would love to be morning people. We've heard about the benefits of waking up early time and time again. But it's easier said than done, and good intentions alone don't go very far. You need actionable, can-do strategies to make lasting change.
It's Normal To Be Terrible At Keeping New Year's Resolutions 
Most Cancer Cases Are Biological 'Bad Luck' 
10 Conversations Every Couple Should Have In The New Year I believe that there are 10 conversations that every couple needs to have on a regular basis in order to\u00a0keep their emotional connection alive. They can help you realize what areas of their relationship may need to be worked on, whether this is done with\u00a0more conversation or even with a couples counselor.
10 Workout Songs So Good, We're Bringing Them Into 2015 With few exceptions, workout songs can be distinguished by two main attributes
Try Reframing 2015 Fitness Resolutions to Make Them Stick Once the clock strikes midnight on December 31, the real countdown begins
Out With New Year's Resolutions In With Happiness When you take a minute to simply look within yourself, you will more often than not make the right choice for your health. And you won't have to limit yourself to these stupid, harsh rules that don't really hold anyway. Lose the resolution and resolve to choose happiness.
Book Review 
Happy New Year, Here I Come... 
The Major Reason New Year's Resolutions Fail 
DIY Tools for a Successful New Year's Resolution 
Why I Am NOT Sorry Saying \I'm sorry\ repeatedly put me in a position of constantly being in the wrong. This had a profound impact on me as I was doing nothing that warranted an apology.
Finding the Gift in My Negative Thinking 
The Gift of Life I have received the most beautiful of gifts.  This gift cannot fit in a box, nor can it merely be purchased
F You, 2015 Finding focus can sometimes be a struggle for me. If you haven't noticed, I have a lot of things I want to do going on all at once. In 2015, I vow to take each individual task and work hard to complete it before jumping into the next thing. Do I vow to take on less? Absolutely not.
Here's How Bendy Your Body Actually Gets During Yoga Class 
Messages in a Bottle I found, among many other things long forgotten, an answering machine in a box that held memorabelias from my college years at UC Berkeley. I tinkered with it, and after few false starts, it worked. So I listened. Muffled voices of long ago came echoing through.
Ditching Resolution and Going for Happy The intention over resolution approach gave me mindful focus over the long haul, with enough wiggle room to feel like a playfully curious explorer along the way.
30 Questions to Help You Reflect and Get Excited for 2015 By reflecting on moments that happened in your life, externally and internally, you get deep into your subconscious and reassess whether your goals are in line with your priorities and values.
Your Truest Friend Resides Inside Your Own Heart 
Healthy Living Comics 
5-Year Journey While it is critical that we reduce the number of tobacco users in Chicago, addressing this challenge alone will only get us so far. It is just as important to encourage all residents to adopt healthier lifestyles across the board.
The Surprising Reason We Make New Year's Resolutions 
5 Easy Ways To Take More Steps Today 
5 Facts About Life I've Realized This Year There have been some major changes in my life -- both in terms of self-development as well as changes that happen in the lives of those close to me. Here are the facts I've realized about life and I'd like to share them with you.
How to Slow Aging Now 
How a New Year's Resolution Empowered Me to Become Fitter, Stronger and Faster I may not have the sick-pack abs yet, but I finally have confidence in my body and a desire to continue with my fitness goals.
28 Years to Figure Out Life So many of us are searching for external validation when everything that we need is within.  We are like hidden treasure chests full of exotic gems waiting to be discovered and when we find the key to unlock this chest, we will be able to awaken to our deepest potential.
How to Get Researchers to Notice an Ultra-Rare Disease It doesn't help that Erdheim-Chester is notoriously difficult to diagnose and therefore, say researchers, most likely under- or mis-diagnosed. Only when there's a mass or lesion to study will pathologists look for identifying markers on cells -- if they even suspect ECD.
Genetic Testing for Cancer When I decided to have the test done, I figured I would carry something since I had already had cancer myself. I was pretty surprised that I didn't test positive. The associate said that they can't test for everything, so it's not like I'm in the clear by any stretch of the hopeful imagination.
The Guesthouse But, overall this year has taken me on a journey that has changed my life, and I think that is spectacular. Obviously f*** cancer, but f*** yes to what I've learned, who I've met and where I'm going.
Slow Medicine Sees the Body as a Plant, Not a Machine 
10 Easy New Year's Resolutions Anyone Can Achieve As we enter the new year, we are inundated with thoughts about things we want to achieve in the next year. Often we set our sights so high that by mid-January we have given up.  But that's no reason to stop trying! Here are 10 ideas and thoughts that anyone can achieve.
The Last Advice You Need on New Year's Resolutions With a little bit of planning and a lot of discipline, accomplishing your goals in the New Year can become a reality.  Imagine the immense satisfaction you'll feel at this same time next year when you can look back and look at how far you've come and all that you have accomplished.
Culturally-Inclusive and Trauma-Sensitive Yoga for Addiction and Recovery 
Healthy Living Comics 
How to Set Intentions on New Year's Eve to Guarantee a Phenomenal Year Ahead 
Early Sobriety Holiday Joy? Oy I'm not going to lie
Dare to Be 100 
Simple, Sustainable Tips for a New You This New Year From Fitness Guru Denise Austin Unfortunately, many of the most well-intentioned New Year's resolutions fizzle by February. They're done in by a lack of commitment or a lack of know-how. That is where Denise can help.
A New Feature On The Golden Gate Bridge Could Save Hundreds Of Lives A Year 
F*ck the Rules 
How I'm Surviving in Survival Mode During a Severe Depression Relapse Looking back, the cause of that depression was my inability to let myself take time to process major life events. Coming back from that dark place required months of work in therapy, adjusting my medications and learning how to be more honest about my feelings.
Unreasonable Happiness 
6 Plyometrics Exercises For A Better Workout In Less Time 
5 Things Everyone Should Know When First Diagnosed With Cancer There are many reasons I highly recommend not going to the Internet for answers, but the biggest one is that everybody's experience with cancer is different.
15 Phrases That Will Change Your Life In 2015 
3 Must-Have New Year's Resolution Strategies to Help You Reach Your Goals 
Can One Christmas Gift Change a Life? 
Don't Get Food Poisoning! 10 Tips to Help Avoid It While food safety is (or should be) a concern at just about every restaurant or other establishment that serves food, sometimes things fall through the cracks, and people get sick.
10 New Year's Resolutions That Could Actually Change Your Life 
Why Sleep Should Be Part Of Your Weight Loss Plan Monitor your sleep as a part of your weight-loss regimen. Examine your own relationships between amount and quality of sleep and food choices, timing, and energy levels. Give yourself the best opportunity to do well in your attempt to lose weight, and recognize that sleep should not be ignored.
Good News So Far For CDC Tech Possibly Exposed To Ebola 
How 'Thank You' Changed My Life \Thank you\ was a small thing to say but it had a  huge impact on my brain. Every time I said the magical words, it was like someone had erased the memories of the horrible things happening in life.
The Simple but Overlooked Key to Achieving Your Dreams 
Alexandria Crow Patanjali never said anything about anatomy or alignment, though. So why bother? I actually have two very specific reasons for teaching alignment and anatomy; one is practical and one is embedded within the philosophy of the Yoga Sutra.
Buyer Beware \No fat,\ \oat fiber,\ \multigrain flakes,\ \helps lower cholesterol.\ Cereal boxes make all kinds of claims to get you to pick them for your health.
Stepping Back Into Now 
5 Tips to Reduce Holiday Stress and Enjoy the Festivities 
Informed Consent in Comparative Effectiveness Research 
4 Ways To Get More Out Of Your Treadmill Workout 
Switch Your Sleep Positions To Ease Back Pain 
Why Depression Is Underreported In Men 
Can 'Sleeping On It' Really Help You Solve A Problem? 
55 Tips To Lose The Weight For Good The secret to permanent weight loss can be found in your daily decisions. It's about switching from diets and quick fix solutions to permanent lifestyle change.
8 Science-Backed Reasons To Turn Off Your Cell Phone This Christmas 
23 Incredible Benefits Of Getting More Sleep 
The Gift Is Giving The only thing \new\ in this personal litany is to see it illumined by the emotionally hollow, worldly \new\ that I witnessed on a long ago airplane ride. What is not new is how deeply satisfying I find my own treasures.
Blood Donation Ban Is Only The First Barrier To Medical Equality For Gay Men 
Why Having a Happy Vegan Holiday Matters Using the word \vegan\ doesn't mean pulling out your Grateful Dead shirt from decades ago or growing your own soybeans. Using the word vegan means considering your food and your lifestyle options and looking for the kindest choices.
How To Stop Feeling Overwhelmed (For Good) Being overwhelmed is not a fact -- it's a state of consciousness that limits your freedom and happiness. It requires a shift in perspective. Bring yourself back to the present moment.  Remember that you have a choice about the way you want to feel.
10 Superfoods Healthier Than Kale In a recent report published by the Centers for Disease Control that ranked 47 \powerhouse fruits and vegetables,\ kale placed only 15th (with 49.07 points out of 100 for nutrient density)! Here's a roundup of the 10 leafy green cousins that researchers say pack a greater nutritional wallop.
Healthy Living Comics 
Learning Resilience From a Master Matisse embodies what people refer to today as resilience. With passion and perseverance, he navigated his way through this challenging period and found beauty in the darkness.
All That Texting Is Your Changing Your Brain 
Sprinkle Joy Compliments and kind gestures never diminish from our own attributes, but rather heighten an awareness for what we appreciate in others and look for in ourselves.  We may remember an unkind moment in the past, but we always seek kindness in our present.
Ask JJ Whether your 2015 goal involves fast, lasting fat loss, upgrading your exercise regimen, or feeling better so you can play with your kids or grandkids, you can make big gains implementing these five practical, powerfully effective strategies.
Doctors And now I walk with a cane. At first reluctant to display such an obvious accoutrement of old age, I have come to enjoy my persona. With each thump I feel the gravitas of Peter Stuyvesant, an old familiar figure thumping through the streets of the Big Apple. Still observing, still discerning, not to be trifled with. I wave my cane. Out of my way, whipper-snappers. Yes, doctors take up more and more of my time. Bring 'em on!
How Mobile Phone Compatible Hearing Aids Are Creating A New Market For 'Hearables' Today's hearing systems allows users to connect with their families, to enjoy sounds in all listening environments and live their lives uninterrupted by hearing loss. Advancements in technology help make this happen.
Are New Year's Resolutions Obsolete? This New Year, I challenge you not to create annual resolutions but instead to look to the next month. How do you want to be? What do you want to experience? What would make your heart sing? What do you need to do to bypass fear and live fully? Then 30 days from now, see how well you did. Celebrate your wins and make plans for how you can make the next 30 days even better!
When Control Gets Out of Control Next time you catch yourself trying to control the uncontrollable, next time you feel tightness in your back as you strain to make something bend to your will, take a breath. Relax. Wait. Instead of forcing what you believe must happen, relax into the flow of what is emerging.
Lightness of Being 
Hiraeth Part I 
Guilt-Free Holiday Tips and Recipes 
Tips for Staying Om for the Holidays I find a lot of people have holiday anxiety. We all need to calm it down. There's no better present you can give yourself than a rest from all the flurry and a break from feeling you need to plugged in, lit up or in sync with anyone. Just let it go.
Staying Happy During the Holidays All of these emotions in mind, high moments have been tremendously high, and low moments have been intensely low. It took several disagreements with family, gift mishaps, flaky party guests and food gone wrong before I stopped myself amidst the madness to recoup and rebalance.
The Link Between Feelings and Success (Infographic) Making others feel good will make you a better leader. People always remember how you made them feel. Learn the six steps to bringing out the best in others, with this helpful infographic.
FDA Approves An Injection For Obesity, But Doctors Are Skeptical 
Feds Give $43 Million To Fast Track Development Of Ebola Vaccines 
Runners Should Never Have to Pay for Their Race Photos 
Healthy Living Comics 
How To Stretch For Better Sleep 
Give Yourself An Attitude Makeover In Under An Hour 
D.C. Doctor Working to Save Mike, Other Ugandan Kids at Risk of Preventable Death In Uganda, sore throats -- strep, actually -- are so common that kids don't complain about it and aren't treated for it. This can create problems in their heart valves. And for some children, each round of strep causes more problems to those valves.
3 Ways to Make Positive, Lasting Changes in the New Year For some people, resolutions can become invisible boundaries -- limits that keep them from breaking out of their comfort zone. In your life, for instance, you might be thinking about making big, new changes to your nutrition or fitness routine.
Gluten-Free Holiday Hacks Whether they be made by family or friends, there is always a risk for cross-contamination of food that makes it nearly impossible to relax when you are invited into someone else's home, or sometimes even in your own, for holiday feasts.
8 Ways To Improve Your Life In 2015 Never settle. There is always more for you to learn. As you get older, this means that you have to be vulnerable. This means putting yourself in new and different situations, and not being the expert. It means creating a time and space to step out of your boundaries and try to understand someone else's perspective.
The Cromnibus Will Diminish The Health And Development Of Poor Children 
How To Get A Better Night's Sleep (Even If You Sleep With A Blanket Hog) There's nothing worse than waking up in the middle of the night, freezing cold only to realize that all of the blanket is around your partner. A good option is to have two sets of covers -- one blanket for you and another for your significant other. Because no one can take two covers, right?
5 Exercises To Get You Ready To Hit The Slopes 
Prayers, Facebook and Weight Loss Until recently, my attitude toward prayer had been guided by President Harry S. Truman who said that \people who pray the loudest are the ones you lock your hen house from.\ Praying out loud was something I never did. Until Facebook came along.
4 People Share How They Each Lost 100 Pounds -- And Kept It Off 
The 10-Second Trick That Can Help You Lose Weight 
Autism Without Fear Many of us, as parents of spectrum kids, participate in \autism walks\ or other events to raise money for autism research. But we don't volunteer anywhere near the same capacity for entities that directly impact our children -- our kids' schools or service agencies. Why?
Healthy Living Comics 
Helping the Anxious and Sensitive Child in the Classroom Children who suffer from anxiety disorders have mixed feelings about school. Most of them want to attend, but too often fear stops them from reaching their potential. The good news is, children are malleable, and fears can be conquered.
The 12 Days of a Healthy Home What we do seek, and at the top of most people's wish list these days, is good health. Why then, do we adorn our homes with holiday d\u00e9cor and engage in activities that could be making the whole family ill?
Keeping Our Eyes on the Ball We do well to define our ambition in order to gain the clarity of a baseball player who keeps his eye on the ball and home plate as his goal.
Everything You Should Know About Bereavement at Christmas For most people family relationships are the most challenging in our lives, so it's not surprising that if we are in a place of profound loss and vulnerability then spending time with family members at Christmas may trigger some complex emotional responses.
5 Tips For Hosting An Allergy-Friendly Holiday Party This year, if you are throwing a holiday party it's important that you are mindful of people with food allergies and sensitivities. The good news is that it is possible to host a festive party while keeping food safety top of mind.
Avoid the Second Mistake One mistake is just an outlier. Two mistakes is the beginning of a pattern. Killing this pattern before it snowballs into something bigger is one reason why learning how to get back on track quickly is an essential skill for building good habits.
A Work of Heart What contribution -- grand or modest, private or public -- do you have to make to the greater good of all?  Is it a project or idea of your own design, or something that already exists that you fervently want to advance?
Come Together in Meditation It is not for us to find the points of difference in individual meditation practices but to create a bridge over the perceived divides. Whether meditation is used by the individual, within groups, for spiritual or professional growth, it is a positive life force that transcends cultural and spiritual traditions.
Easy Ways to Be More Mindful in 2015 
Pizza Hut's Pizza Is Saltier In America Than Anywhere Else In The World 
13 Ways I Live My Life With Purpose After Cancer Although I didn't always feel empowered or plan on becoming a cancer advocate, I found strength in following a few simple life rules I learned along the way. In honor of my cancerversary, I want to share with you 13 ways I now live my life with purpose after cancer:
Can We Embrace the Complexity of Mental Health? As a survivor of mental illness I have been paralyzed by the depths of depression. The kind that hurts your whole body. The kind that leaves you exhausted  in every way imaginable. The kind that destroys friendships. The kind that hurts your schooling or work.
Get Smart The bottom line is that diabetes is a self-managed disease, and it's important to use all the tools at your disposal to help manage your condition. Smartphones, which are now integrated into many people's daily lives, allow for innovative ways to do this.
This Doctor Believes Your Back Pain Is All In Your Head 
Why Are You Eating? Mindful eating is a huge topic involving many elements of attention and awareness from the decision to eat to the decision to stop and everything in between.  For now, I'd like to focus a bit more on just a few of those things that impact our decision to start eating.
6 Diets With Serious Flaws 
Who's the Boss of Our Breast Health Information? It is potentially dangerous to women's health to withhold the screening and causal risk of dense breast tissue from them. How can women be empowered to make informed decisions about their breast health screening when one of the most critical risk factors is being kept from them?
Healthy Living Comics 
5 Ways to Take Care of Yourself This Holiday Season The good news is that the holiday season doesn't have to be so stressful and draining. With a few little changes, it is possible to turn your exhausting holiday experience into one filled with joy and cheer -- it just all boils down to how you take care of you. Here are five ways to do that...
Family Is Family 
How to Help Someone Who Is Grieving Not until losing my mother to metastatic breast cancer earlier this year did I become all too familiar with the painful journey of grief. It is a difficult path. There is no Google map that can provide perfect guidance on how to support someone who is navigating loss.
Uber for Health Care?  Think Again Clearly there are some health care startups that will meaningfully improve health care. But there is justifiable concern that too many are focused on the wrong patients and wrong problems using technology with limited applicability.
The Best Stocking Stuffers for Runners As a runner myself, I understand what an interesting breed we are and decided to help by putting together my favorite stocking stuffer gift ideas for the runner in your life:
Your Disability Is Not My Problem When we support change that widens ramps, opens doors, assists those with vision or hearing challenged, or helps protect those who may have life-threatening food allergies, we may someday, in fact, actually be assisting our parents, our children or even ourselves.
How to Make Anger Your Friend Throughout our lives, we learn that anger is an inappropriate, unattractive, destructive emotion. But, in reality\u00a0it can be a powerful force for good.
How To Be A Survivor This year, since the flu shot may not contain the proper viral particles, everyone, but especially those with compromised immune systems, needs to be more aware of their risk for developing the flu. Here are five tips to be a flu survivor this season.
Drinking Alcohol Before Bed Is Ruining Your Sleep 
3 Essential Books to Jumpstart Your New Year's Resolutions 
Bold Health Decisions You Should Be Making IMMEDIATELY, And The Simple Reasons Why 
3 Healthy Ways To Deal With Jealousy There's a line you don't want to cross, and there are ways to deal with jealousy when it arises. Jealousy can eat away at you and keep you from making progress in life. Here are three ways to deal with jealousy.
Pharmaceutical Industry Profiting From a Solution to a Problem They Helped Create More can and should be done to make naloxone widely available at an affordable price, and we must demand better from an industry that would seek to profit from both the poison and the antidote.
4 Ways Meditation Can Empower Millennials At Work and in Life From my meditation teacher/practitioner perspective, I see ALL of these aspects as incredibly good, good, good and believe that meditation, dear millennials, is not only something that gels with what you already got goin' on... but it can help you navigate some of your biggest challenges.
To Accept or Reject Mental Health Labels, That Is the Question My therapist was concerned. He didn't want me to identify with a mental illness. He didn't want it to define me. But I disagreed with him. Just as I am black and a woman and an American, I too also have bipolar disorder. It does have an impact on my life
How to Be Single Through the Holidays Without Losing Your Shit 
5 Ways to Communicate Directly and Effectively Expressing yourself directly, non-attackingly, and non-defensively gives you the best chance of being heard, having a meaningful conversation, and ensuring that the same interactions don't keep recurring endlessly in the future. So let's learn the steps...
Out of the Psyche and 'Into the Woods' There are so many teachable moments in Into the Woods.  I urge you to see the movie and look for the meanings underlying the entertainment.
Because I Saw the Difference 
Cancer's Next Big Thing -- Immunotherapy While it's true that even immunotherapies are not side-effect free, they pale in comparison to traditional chemotherapy and, by fortifying immune systems, bring the promise of creating healthier bodies that beat back the disease, and mitigate side effects, biologically.
Sitting Is the New Smoking and a Hazard to Your Career Health 
21 Eureka Moments That Only Runners Have Eureka moments of genius are common to runners. They happen mid-run as a result of fatigue, high endorphins, low cortisol, self-righteousness, and a groovy \one-with-naturedness\ that would make Ralph Waldo Emerson envious.
This One Thing Will Create More Abundance in Your Life Immediately 
How Do You Know When Something Is Right? When you've found something that's right for you, you want to be better without force. You get this instant internal drive and motivation to become a better person, to do better work, and to achieve greater things. You feel inspired.
The Easiest Thing You Can Do for Weight Loss and Longevity The old proverb \eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and supper like a pauper\ now has some scientific muscle behind it. Many of us think that if we skip breakfast we will reduce our overall calorie intake for the day and lose weight.
15 Ways To Be Happier In 2015 Don't follow the crowds. Trying to emulate others deters you from that special path you were meant to take. Be inspired from their journey and put that energy into who you were meant to become.
Lights Go On -- Part XXXIX -- YOU Perhaps it is a metaphor for life. It is your place and forever it shall be, for it is you, only you and you are enough.
3 Times When Giving Is Not a Good Thing Perhaps simply sharing the comforts and spirit of the season with those we love, and at the same time, making an effort to experience, with all our senses, the magical decorations and beautiful music that is all around, is what it's really about.
The Power of Our Stories 
Thriving in Uncertainty 
The Implications of Understanding -- for Performance and Beyond 
A Hard Candy Christmas I am one of three people in this particular solar system who still send Christmas cards by post. The other two are 97-year-old female twins who never married and live in rural Wisconsin in the house they were born in. I am an anachronism. And happy to be.
'If You Want to Be Happy for a Lifetime, Go Help Someone Else' -- at Home and Abroad \I've never regretted it. Any misgivings about being away from my family and my business flee as soon as I see a 2-year-old who'd come in with a cracked lip and a cracked palate who looks good now, or the old person who gets to see again after 10 years. That is my reward.\
9 Bootylicious Workout Songs To Commemorate The Year Of The Butt If 2014 was the year of the butt, 2015 promises to be the year we work on ours. And what more inspiring way to both commemorate the bootylicious year we've had and kick our rears into gear in the next 12 months than with the best workout songs about, you guessed it, butts.
Practicing Presence at the Holidays As the old adage goes, if you think you're enlightened, go home to mom and dad and the rest of the family and see what happens. If you haven't completely released the grip of the past, it will surely come back to haunt you now.
As We Heal Ourselves, May We Heal the World As a bereaved mother, I know first-hand the challenges faced particularly at this sacred time of year.  My prayer for all is one of hope and healing.
The One Habit of Successful People Those Lists Forget to Mention This month, may you let go of doing what's always been done if it has ceased to serve. May you widen your eyes with curiosity instead of fear at the approaching new year. And may you look at each blank page, empty stage, clean canvas and new day as the beginning of a grand experiment.
Giving Presence This Holiday Season Unlike a New Year's Eve party that lasts a few hours and then disappears after the stroke of midnight like fairy godmother magic, I guarantee my high is going to last beyond one night.
5 Ways to Fight Loneliness Over the Holidays It's a universally meaningful time for millions of people, and I would argue that this sense of connectedness is a large part of what makes the season seem sort of magical. Yet for many people, the winter months don't always live up to their heartwarming reputation.
Staring Into the Abyss of the Criminalization of Persons With Mental Illness 
5 Gifts To Give Yourself This Holiday Season This is a perfect time to stop for a moment and really think about the meaning of your own celebrations, so that you don't end up spending a fortune in time and money with nothing real to show when it is over.
7 Ways To Be Just A Little Bit Healthier When You're Vegging Out This Holiday Season 
12 Secrets From The Pros To Run Your Best Race 
Beautiful Acts Of Kindness To Share On The Anniversary Of Sandy Hook 
What It Takes To Be A Vegan Runner If in the moment neither running nor being vegan is as pleasurable as the alternative, then whatever drives me to run and abstain from all animal products, day in and day out, must be pretty darn compelling. And it is.
6 Things Obituaries Can Teach Us About Living Better 
10 Tips From a 26-Year Breast Cancer Survivor Her cancer was infiltrating duct cell carcinoma, and she had a radical breast resection including lymph nodes, chemotherapy and radiation. She did everything she could to beat cancer and now, at 80 years old, is sharing her tips.
10 Things to Expect When You Have Cancer The life of a cancer patient can be summed up in one word
10 Smart Gift Ideas For The Healthiest Cook On Your List 
A Mother's Perspective On Her Child's Bipolar Disorder Today, our son is 21 and he will tell you the worst part of his illness is the stigma. Why do we as a society stigmatize our friends, family, and others by branding them with a mark of disgrace?
Haven't Reached Your Full Potential? This May Be Why For 2015, I wish for you that you claim the tools and the power to change the strategies that aren't really helping you, but are in fact holding you back from growing into yourself and truly showing up for the life you want -- and deserve!
Our Time on Earth It's only taken me 50 years to realize that, while we never really know how long we have on this earth, eventually we do realize that it won't be forever. And were we placed here to satisfy ourselves, entertain ourselves, and forward only our own interests? Sad, boring, and hopefully not.
Boost Creative Expression With Meditation Creativity is already part of us, but we easily become disconnected from it. The more we experience our creativity through meditation the more confident we become in our creative expression and ability to bring it to form.
3 Simple Ways to Relieve Holiday Tension With Tai Chi The three main components of a tai chi practice -- movement, meditation, and breathing -- can help you shake off stress this season. So, when you catch yourself tensing up, try these instant soothers borrowed from the ancient martial art.
Can We Change Our Genes? 
The Hands of Time I wasn't planning on getting old. Do any of us? But into my future I must go. So, with my heart open and my spirit very curious, I am walking full-wide and brave into this next great adventure of my life. I'm walking into the hands of time.
Might Your College Student Have an Eating Disorder? How to Tell, What to Do If you're feeling uneasy and concerned that your college-age daughter or son might have an eating disorder, this is a perfect time to think the problem through and figure out whether help might be needed.
Six Healthy And Easy Ways To Boost Your Productivity At Work 
Why Surgeons Listen To Music In The Operating Room -- And How It Could Help You 
'Nature Deficit Disorder' Might Be Made Up, But The Health Benefits Of Being Outside Are Real 
15 Foods To Add To Your Diet In 2015 Some of the foods listed in here may be brand new to you and some may be foods you've eaten for years. One thing is certain though
Avoid the Holiday Crazy Holiday toy drives, donations to food banks, visiting a nursing home, making homemade cards, donating money, and serving meals at a shelter are great ways to practice gratitude. See if you can get your friends and family to go together. Doing something for others can make your holiday experience especially meaningful -- and put that fight over stuffing into perspective.
Searching for Stress Relief Now today I am healthier than I have ever been. I will not lie to you and say every day is perfect, but I have learned how to make each and every day be the best it can be. I have a daily routine that keeps me centered to weather any storm.
How Meditation Can Help You Get A Good Night's Sleep Meditation takes on many, many forms. It can be deep breathing for a few minutes, singing or listening to soothing music. All in all it is a great tool to ease and calm the mind whatever form you choose to use. I can say personally that meditation was the most effective thing I did that finally got me a good night's sleep.
How Chronic Stress Can Create Hormonal Havoc, Part Two Fortunately, an arsenal of strategies can help you keep your calm when life doles out storms. Among them, these 13 are some of my favorites:
5 Essential Lists To Make Before The End Of This Year It's a time when reflection and contemplation is unavoidable. Coming to the end of anything causes us to look back on the journey. But it can be a powerfully therapeutic practice if we're intentional. We're the sum total of our experiences-reflection allows us to sift the good from the bad, to be thankful, and to grow and transform.
To Make Big Gains, Avoid Tiny Losses Nearly every manager in the world wants to \do more great work,\ but very few people want to \do less bad work.\ We love peak performances.
7 Big Benefits Of Exercising Outside This Winter 
Holidays, Cocktails and Calories? For many of us, drinking alcoholic beverages is an integral part of socializing. If alcohol is important to you, it would be unrealistic to expect that you could (or should) cut it out of your diet overnight. However, you can still be strategic about what you drink.
When Lacking a Partner Turns Your White Christmas Blue The pain of not having a significant other over the holidays can feel like a deep purple bruise. The pain of a breakup can feel like a gaping wound you're trying to close with a Band-Aid.
Quit Stressing About Holiday Parties With a little thought and planning, you can make this your healthiest and happiest holiday season ever.  By enjoying the holidays in a healthy way, you'll feel great about yourself and be able to enter the new year on a high note!
How to Figure Out Your Life Purpose When we get to the end of our lives, we will be judged not by how much money we earned or how big a mortgage we managed to pay off but instead by how authentically we lived. Did we really allow our true selves to shine?
5 Tips From Your Sober Holiday Guest When people first learn that I don't drink alcohol, they often request an explanation. Mine is rarely consistent. Sometimes I say I don't like the taste. Sometimes I say I'm Muslim. Sometimes I say I have a medical condition. All are true, but none in isolation contains a full explanation.
Finding Little Moments of Joy This Holiday Season So when it all gets real crazy in December, find those moments in the season that bring you joy. It helps you slow down, even momentarily, to remember what this time of year is about and how to enjoy the wild ride of December.
Ask JJ As more experts and studies praise its benefits, I'm baffled anyone still claims a gluten-free diet is bogus or scientifically unsubstantiated.
5 Simple Tricks To Make You A Better Runner 
The Real Reason You're Not Losing Weight Getting enough shut-eye is vital to losing weight and also maintaining optimum health.
10 Reasons to Make Singing Your Happiness Drug! Our brains developed with singing and music as a survival mechanism. Before there were governments or nations, tribes and groups used songs and dance to build loyalty to the group, transmit vital information and ward off enemies. Those who sang survived.
How Selfies Could Detect a Common Deadly Disease More than half of the cases of anaemia are caused by low iron levels and can be treated with iron supplements, according to global health experts. But easy-to-use, reliable, and cheap methods to detect anaemia and monitor the effects of treatment are still needed.
4 Powerful Mindset Shifts to Start Using Today If you're always focused on problems, fears and all the things that could go wrong, problems and misfortunes are exactly what you'll find. If you're predominantly focused on simply joys, love, kindness and beauty in the world, blessings and goodness are exactly what you'll find.
It's About Time 
How to Love Yourself Now (Not 10 Pounds From Now) Don't get me wrong, it is a choice. And not an easy one. But when you accept your body, really truly accept yourself where you are now, your whole world will change. Because how you feel on the inside affects everything else in your life. And you deserve a life where you feel good, both inside and out.
The Case For Taking A Facebook Break We are, of course, social creatures. We need other people. When our social nature expresses itself virtually, we have the option of controlling exactly what we look like and what words we use. We have the ability to create a self-advertisement that sells us well.
Just Move It For the weight-lifting workout, I love using iron bands because they are easy to store, easy to pack and also offer a good amount of resistance coming in different tensions or resistance levels. In a super-set fashion, you can hit all the main body parts, while sparing yourself time, and a trip to the gym:
Meditation Tricks to Help You Survive the Holidays Remember to take care of yourself during the holidays -- something I still have to remind myself to do! Time with loved ones is a gift -- don't waste it feeling stressed!
A Mile and Change 
3 Ways to Help Relieve Pain With Massage Whatever your situation is, you can make a choice to keep healthy and injury-free. I now take 10 minutes when I get out of bed or 10 minutes during the evening news to relieve my muscle pain with self-therapy massage. It's now a daily habit.
10 Bonus Health Benefits of Birth Control We women hear a lot about side effects of birth control, but we don't hear as much about the side benefits. If you haven't had a conversation with your doctor lately about family planning, you may be in for some surprises.
Happy Dance -- Meditation Can Be Whatever Works for You These are some of the most precious moments of my life. I breathe and count, mute, and let my gaze travel where it will. And when I manage to think of nothing for a few seconds, I relax and hold the feeling close, and I keep dancing.
New Study Gets Closer To Understanding Brains Of People With Autism 
In Search of Happiness Happiness plays an important role for friends and for supportive family members. There are no easy answers. It is up to each human being to work on themselves to find answers. It is everyone's choice!
5 Winter Workouts To Keep Your Brain In Shape While it's very tempting to curl up in front of the TV on winter nights and mindlessly drown in your favorite show, doing so will make your brain lethargic, and winter's only just started!
9 Ways to Bypass the Autumn Blues Listen to swaying music in the morning when you are preparing coffee, get amused with it when you commute, or dance to it during afternoons with your children. You will be surprised at how the right rhythms can uplift the level of your energy.
Violence as a Public Health Problem Cure Violence appreciates that kids killing kids is the product of biological and group processes. This type of violence is a learned behavior
Mindfully Making It Work Successfully bringing mindfulness to work requires strategic consideration of both formal and informal practices. Before rolling out the first pilot with key stakeholders, consider attendance policies and informal practice resources.
Lights Go On,  Part XXXVIII -- Friends 
Are You Reacting Rather Than Responding to Your Life? 
The Missing Picture of Vision Boards While vision boards are helpful because they give you an opportunity to daydream, to dream, to pretend, to imagine, they also can lead to false hopes because just creating a board with pictures doesn't help you to \see\ the entire picture.
How to Turn Fear Into Fearlessness Where fear contracts, love embraces. Love embraces fear, can hold it like the sky holds the rain and wind. Love embraces your weaknesses and in the embracing they grow into strengths. Love holds fear gently and transforms it into fearlessness. Love is letting go of fear.
Taking Time for Appreciation Showing appreciation is something that we can do every day. To ourselves. To others. Today is a good day to work on opening our hearts.
How To Listen Like A Pro Rather than thinking about a response, try to understand what they're going through at an emotional level. For example, if a friend tells you about losing a job, think about their situation and how it might impact them, not how you would feel if you were in their situation.
5 Tricks For The Best Nap Ever 
You're a Furnace 
The Art of Breathing Bravely The problem with CF? It doesn't play fair, it doesn't make deals, and it doesn't care about the life you want or have. It's an ugly disease that hurts a lot of people in its wake. A disease I've tried to protect so many people from, to protect myself from.
Come Home for the Holidays 
What to Do If You've Got Too Much to Do This Holiday As these to-dos start to accumulate, even if they are things you want to do, all of the sudden all the space you desired for peace, harmony, and chilling this December turns into holiday stress that sucks up your time and pushes your peace right out the window.
When the Death of a Facebook Friend Hits Home in Real Life Admittedly, sometimes in-the-flesh encounters are important in establishing a deeper intimacy. But Anita's friendship, one of those \small good things\ in my daily life, was very real despite the delivery system, and it makes me think maybe there's room for real friendship in the virtual realm.
5 'Tweaks' to Happiness Here are my five tweaks to your perception that may help you feel more happiness. You may find them clich\u00e9d, you may find them unsurprising, perhaps you may even find them helpful. The truth is, happiness is not a new invention.
Debunking The Holiday Suicide Myth 
The Top 10 Workout Songs For December What's striking about this month's top 10 list is the quantity of pop songs it contains by folks who aren't archetypal pop stars.
The Pain of Absence and Presence 
How Long You Sleep May Be In Your Genes 
A Simple Question That Will Change Your Search for Love Often, our very future in finding love is determined by our small choices at these countless crossroads.
Can Mindfulness Rewire Our Brains? 
I've Got Your Back According to medical studies, our efforts to alter the workplace to avoid back pain have been scrutinized by evidence-based medicine and found to be largely ineffective. The reason is because the causes of back pain are so varied person to person.
5 Steps to Make Yourself Miserable for the Holidays If you find yourself down or depressed during the holidays, you very well may be doing one or more of these steps, consciously or unconsciously
Dementia 101 I want to be clear; I know and see daily the challenges and suffering dementia can bring. I also know and see daily the beautiful joys and learning it can bring, to those experiencing it and those that care for them. Can we have a perspective on dementia that holds both the challenges and the joys? They are not mutually exclusive.
4 Strategies to Handle Criticism Well Let's accept a fact -- not all criticism is valid. Do not let your brain fool you. Just because words are published online does not mean they hold any merit. Here are four strategies to handle criticism well.
The Day I Almost Committed Suicide The morning of my mental health emergency, I knew something wasn't normal shortly after opening my eyes.
12 Years Since My Father Ended His Life Twelve years since my father ended his life and after making every possible mistake, I have found my way back to happiness through love and forgiveness. For myself, for my father, for those who loved me but were unable to connect to my grief.
The World's Top Trainers Share Their Favorite Workout Snacks 
How to Meditate Standing Up Mastering the standing posture is the first step in being able to incorporate meditation into our daily lives. Like everything worthwhile in life, it requires practice, but once we get used to it, we can do it almost anywhere -- standing on line, at the crosswalk, and in elevators.
'Bend Ze Knees' to Improve More Than Just Your Skiing Proper squat form means the head is in a neutral position, the chest is upright, facing forward, the knees are bent over but not beyond the toes, the hips are lowered as far as they can go, the weight is on the heels, the abdomen muscles are sucked in, and the butt is pushed backwards.
The Changes We Wish We Could Make Governments and health care companies are only part of the solution in creating a sustainable and healthier future in a global health care system where 80 percent of cardiovascular diseases and 40 percent of cancers are preventable; personal decisions and responsibility also play a large role.
Go Ahead (And Ask Me if I Smoked)... Make My Day The \Did you smoke?\ question is offensive, of course, because it implies that the person deserves their cancer more than other types of cancer patients and thus merits less support or inferior medical care.
How Worrying Less Will Make You More Successful 
The Power of Emotional Wisdom True courage is about looking inwards, not outwards. Being able to stand firm in a place of vulnerability and to flourish and grow with honesty and humility is a strength beyond measure. This is the power of emotional wisdom.
Gratitude for the Other 364 Days of the Year So this year, instead of saving our appreciation for one day of the year, let's be thankful for what gratitude can bring to our lives the other 364 days a year and invite it to be our source for natural gratification, improved relationships and emotional booster shots.
How To Be Healthy In Under A Minute 
What This Classic Pessimist Can Teach Us All About Happiness In the same way being poor teaches us to appreciate wealth, having our hearts broken teaches us to love faithfully, struggle and failure magnifies our victories -- Eeyore's melancholy in a subtle way highlights the joys in life.
That Time I Wanted to Get Hit By a Bus on the Way to Work Be yourself, do your best work every day, find a mentor (or just a single friend in the office) and make time for yourself every single day.
4 Words Everyone Around You Is Using Incorrectly 
What's Motivating You Is your attention on being right? Do you have chapter and verse about what they have done wrong? Are your thoughts and feelings leading to the result either of you want? What is your real motivation?
Here's How To Get More Restful Sleep Tonight 
Touching the Veil of Thin Places 
Our Bodies Wear Out Perhaps with courage and acceptance we can make friends with our own mortality, and with acceptance we can be a peaceful presence when given the opportunity to experience the death of a loved one.
A Life With OCD Saying it feels odd calling home as a patient in a mental institution is an understatement. Yet not long ago, that's what I found myself doing.
Volunteering Can Improve Your Quality Of Life -- And These Countries Know It 
A 52-Second Guide To Ending Procrastination 
Why It's Important to Receive I've been a giver most of my adult life. Giving of my time, help and money and I always felt that giving was a good thing. You know, the more you give the more you receive. What I didn't realize was that there needs to be a balance between giving and receiving.
On Retreat It's humbling how fear can rearrange our eyes. This piece describes a personal example of this.
20-Minute Workouts For Your Crazy-Busy Holiday Schedule 
Demystifying Calories Yes, of course, a calorie is a calorie just as a gallon is a gallon. But fuels vary, and engines vary -- and they matter, too.
8 Things That Are Way Dirtier Than You Realize (And What To Do About It) 
Lights Go on Part XXXVI -- Change 
Creating Is a Drug The natural high that ensues after I've written a new post or have finished a client's 'do is nearly indescribable. It is intoxicatingly joyful. I did that. I made that. I followed my own rules. I am in control of my life. I am doing what I love.
Dare to Be 100 
5 Tips to Supercharge Your Gratitude List and Infuse Your Life With Joy When you do these five things, your gratitude journal moves from an activity of the mind to an activity of the heart. This daily practice doesn't just infuse your list with vibrancy and color, it infuses your life.
Are You a Hoarder? 
If Holiday Stress Is a Disease, the Virus Is Your Expectations No matter what your holiday plans, try to maintain a sense of humor as reality inevitably crashes into your expectations. So manage those expectations. Keep them realistic. And remember, the less you expect, the freer and more lighthearted you will feel.
Alleviating Anxiety Sitting on my mat, I ask the class to bring their hands to their hearts and close their eyes, grateful for this moment, for this community, for the connection of this audible breath rolling through the studio.
What Can Winston Churchill Teach Us About Depression? When you think of Sir Winston Churchill and President Roosevelt, please consider this incredible irony
Up Next The technique is deceptively simple -- you simply visualize everything you did today, starting from the moment you woke up, right up to the moment you started to review your day, in as much detail as you can remember. Here are some guidelines to keep in mind.
Exercise in a Bottle 
Yoga Isn't Just Bliss Jason Crandell released this video last week, talking about his childhood interest in the human condition, his discovery of yoga (shocking spoiler
Healing by Degrees For me, truth lies in the faith of forgiveness, and when I surrender to this \faith of forgiveness,\ a newfound freedom enters my life.  I don't believe that forgiveness is a one-time act, but rather an unfolding process.
Immediately Responding To Work Email Is Actually Making You Worse At Your Job 
Burnout's Silver Lining Had it not been for a move across the globe, I may not have made the changes that saved me from being consumed by my job and unhealthy lifestyle. Many of us need a slap upside the head in order to change. Otherwise we'd keep pushing forward in a steady state of burnout.
Martha Graham on the Hidden Danger of Comparing Yourself to Others In grade school, I remember my teacher passing out an assignment and telling each student to \keep your eyes on your own paper.\ Perhaps she was simply trying to teach 8-year-olds to not cheat, but hidden within that phrase is also a deeper message about what really matters.
5 Steps to Transition From Your Career to a Life Purpose For most of us the ultimate goal throughout our entire school and university life is to get a good career with a six-figure salary. But as the years go by, you realize that you're good at what you do but you just keep doing the same thing over and over again like a small cog in a big fat money wheel.
Nourish Yourself After Massage With Self Care You finally receive a long overdue massage. Your body melts away stress, releases tension and you reach a peaceful balance in body, mind and spirit. You arise feeling both relaxed and energized. You want to enhance the benefits of your bodywork, so what can you do?
5 Things Everyone Gets Wrong About Napping 
Happy People Aren't Always Great At Empathy 
Watch Out For These Allergens This Winter Winter means that more people are staying indoors to avoid the cold. What many people may not know is that they can be exposed to indoor allergens that are lurking within their home.
The Radical Choice of Militant Kindness Kindness. It seems like such an easy choice. But a crazy thing happens when you drop your guard and step from behind that icy stand-offish barrier
Do We Live in a Time of Narcissism We live in a time of abundance, have an endless choice of smartphone cameras for selfies... now even provided with selfie-sticks. People wandering through the great spaces we know from history or travels yet often are totally unaware nor paying attention to these great visions.
5 Lessons I've Learned From Running If running is a journey, I don't ever want to reach the destination.  I don't want there to be a finish line because it's in the journey that I learn, live and love -- I grow. It's in the  journey that I feel alive -- even when I feel pain.
Receiving Thanks On this Thanksgiving weekend please continue to give thanks but also receive some thanks for yourself, for you undoubtedly are the best you are capable of becoming.
The Reason Why People Fail To Reach Their Goals (And How To Fix It) One of the things I learned fairly early on in life is that the fastest way to future rewards is by following present joy.  Even when that doesn't seem to be true, acting from a centered, joyful place on a daily basis inside ensures that worst case, you are really enjoying your days
Why People With Type 2 Diabetes Should See A Sleep Specialist A common misconception is that sleep apnea, a condition characterized by complete or partial airway obstruction during sleep, only affects older, overweight men. This widely-held assumption is wrong.
10 Good Reasons To Get A Flu Shot 
9 Bedtime Habits That Will Improve Your Life Dramatically 
These Simple Solutions Will Help You Lead A Happier Life 
Depression We also need to better detect and treat mothers who suffer from depression. We have strong evidence that untreated depression in moms impairs their attachment to their children and is associated with these children developing behavioral and emotional problems in childhood. If the moms are properly treated not only do they do better, so do their kids.
These Athletic Turkey Trotters Prove Thanksgiving Isn't Just About The Food 
How To Incorporate Fitness Into Your Holiday Routine (Without Ruining All The Fun) 
What HuffPost Staffers Are Grateful For This Year 
Holiday Stress Relief List Everyone has a different take on why the holidays are so stressful. For some people the holidays are too commercial, for others the holidays mean spending a lot of money and credit card debt. For some people, the holidays are a painful reminder of a loved one who is no longer there.
How to Be Grateful and Stay Grounded This Holiday Season Through all of these feelings, I realize how important it is to be grateful for the little things in life. During the holidays, even if you don't celebrate, you feel the excitement and tension in the air.
Musings on the Holidays Please respect the boundaries your loved ones, coworkers and acquaintances are putting forth. In a time already filled with so many stressors, do any of us really need more?
Everything You Need To Know About Food And Happiness 
12 Expert-Approved Tips To Avoid Thanksgiving Weight Gain 
Why Those We Miss Most Will Be With Us On The Holidays When I was first married, my mother sent along a recipe box filled with her favorite recipes, all handwritten in her familiar slanting cursive. It is the one thing of hers that I cherish most. I have a piece of her, her handwriting, an occasional Post-it note stuck to a recipe with additional helpful tips. It's as if she's still standing right there in my kitchen, a glass of wine in hand, and we're laughing about something silly we once did.
Thanksgiving and Awakenings 
Teens Who Abuse Xanax Often Got It From Their Own Doctor First 
Beware the Scale When trying to follow a weight-loss plan, the scale can be your worst enemy. It's a tricky device in tracking weight loss. These numbers don't reflect your accurate weight or your last meal.
The True Gifts of the Holidays The good memories we create now will warm our hearts through the bitter winter, and the possibilities for creating such experiences throughout the year are only limited by our imaginations. This is the time to establish habits that enrich our lives, and the world, every single day.
Smart Earplugs Aim To Improve Your Sleep Quality By Taking Noise-Blocking To The Next Level 
Coping With Grief Over the Holidays The holiday season can be a particularly difficult time for bereaved individuals because it is supposed to be a celebratory occasion when family and friends come together with great joy... But for those in mourning, it often brings home the realization that things will never be the same.
Destined to Remember 
Survive Thanksgiving in Style If you can get in a little walk or activity after the meal, that's great -0 even if it's just a few rounds of Wii games with your little cousins. But most importantly -- even if you definitely overindulged during the day -- let the meal be just one day.
As We Are 
The Key to Fat Burning Turning your body into a fat burning machine requires a few important factors
Stay Fit for the Holidays If you're adamant about staying on course over the holidays, there are a few things you can do to make sure you'll stay committed to your goals while also enjoying everything the holiday season has to offer -- including good food.
6 Tiny Tweaks To Make Your Thanksgiving Recipes Just A Little Bit Healthier By all means, eat your heart out!
My Life's Purpose My perception of the world and the people around me is a mirror of my inner attitudes, core beliefs and old emotional wounds. Like so many, I considered my mind to be superior to my heart, and felt that being emotional and vulnerable was a weakness.
The Real Answer to Your Health Dreams Imagine you are running through a field of grass feeling vibrant, looking healthy, and young. Now imagine that you are also disease-free and strong into your old age.  Don't both those images seem too good to be true?
The World's Best Marathons A great course with scenic views certainly adds value to an event. And when that course is lined with hordes of enthusiastic fans cheering you on, well that's definitely a big plus, too.
Rough Day? Here's How To Save It, Even In The Last Minute In these chippy moments, it's easy to let the negative vibes take over and fall into a pattern of fatigue-and-frustration-induced nagging, yelling, and complaining guaranteed to create enough drama to ruin dinner and probably the day.
How Stress Hurts Relationships and What to Do About It Our senses -- touch, smell, taste, seeing, hearing, and intuition -- are how we experience ourselves and others. When we are stressed, we lose access to our senses, and therefore lose our ability to connect intimately, and our partners may give up in frustration.
Why I Am a Pegan -- or Paleo-Vegan, Part One Essentially, each camp adheres to their diet with near religious fervor. And each can point to studies validating their point of view.\u00a0 We call this cherry picking. After reading dozens of studies on vegan and paleo diets, even I could get confused.
Here's How to Splurge on Thanksgiving Without the Fat, Sugar and Sodium Thanksgiving is one of the most wonderful holiday's ever! It's all about family, great food, and giving thanks. This year, why not toast the holiday season by improving your health!
15 Clean-Eating Thanksgiving Recipes Eating fried onions from a can and MSG-laden condensed mushroom soup is NOT written in the laws of this cherished feast. With these healthier, whole foods-based Thanksgiving recipes, you can focus on stuffing the turkey, not yourself!
Thanksgiving Reflections 
Athletes and Celebrities Are Exploiting Our Youth 
3 Simple Tips to Practice Daily Gratitude With Thanksgiving right around the corner, it is an excellent reminder of the importance that gratitude can play in our lives.
Trans Fats May Hurt Memory 
Eating More Hummus Could Help Put An End To Cigarettes This changes the meaning of \eating to live.\
5 Things That Definitely Do Not Belong In Your Bed 
How To Plan The Perfect Paleo Thanksgiving 
It's Okay to Be Angry I'd talk myself out of my own feelings because they seemed so out of place to where everyone else was.  So I'd simply go along with it and only express my frustrations vaguely to a few select people in fear that my irritation was somehow \wrong.\
Heartbreaking News Efforts to reverse the recurrent trends require efforts of patients, the biomedical community, policy makers, health care providers and the media, all of whom should be aggressive and proactive about informing the public about the risks of heart disease for young women.
3 Ways To Keep Your Cool During The Holidays Your goal is to shift how you perceive and react to a button-pushing person. To do that, you need to replace the negative-seeking lens through which you view this person for a positive one.
Giving Thanks for Turkey Raised Without Antibiotics As we enjoy our Thanksgiving turkey this year, we can be grateful that consumers and food producers are recognizing the importance of antibiotics. Furthermore, we should resolve in 2015 to keep fighting against the overuse of these drugs -- and for all of us whose lives may depend on them.
Start Where You Are 
5 Tips to Have Your Best Day Ever Actually, it is very easy to choose to live successfully one moment at a time and one day at a time.  Hold out your hand -- you are looking at five fingertips that represent five \tips\ from people who live successfully.
3 Easy Ways to Avoid the Stress of Holiday Sweets I longed for holiday joy but was faced with dread, self-loathing, and self-distrust. How could I be happy when I was a big fat failure? When I recovered, I studied the source of what robbed my holiday joy. I realized that we tend to set rules for ourselves instead of listening to our bodies.
11 Ways To Enjoy The Holidays Without Stressing About Weight Gain You don't have to feel like an outsider this holiday season. Join the party and live full out. Just make sure you devote more time to your health than you do to your indulgences and then you can start your New Year without any guilt for how you ended this year.
8 Whole Grains You're Probably Not Eating (But Should Be) 
If Your Child Is Diabetic... Will You Know? I know I've said all these things at one time or another. But here's the thing
Give Thanks for Your Eyes As humans, we're extremely visual creatures, so as you look upon the joyous gathering of friends and family prior to feasting, consider taking a moment to give thanks for your healthy eyesight as well.
I tried Bikram (aka Yoga in Hell or 'Hot Yoga') I tried hot yoga and I tried Bikram. I found the reasons I thought I wouldn't like it weren't what I expected. In the process of trying, I learned more about myself, my practice, and why any of it really matters to me.
How to Feed a Vegan on Thanksgiving Vegans can be a fussy lot, turning the most serene of hosts into a bundle of nerves wondering how to put on a great party without offending someone's sensibilities. Vegans don't want to be relegated to the buffet table where they try to scrape together a meal from side dishes. Like everyone else at the feast, vegans would love to enjoy a hearty, fulfilling... and filling meal that nourishes them and respects their philosophy of \do no harm.\
3 Ways to Lose Weight and Keep It Off During the Holidays Overeating commonly occurs when your mind is not aware that your body is being fueled. Allowing your mind and body to connect results in healthier portion control and a satisfied appetite.
What If You Saw Me Along the Way? An unexpected gift of running is that when you challenge yourself, and you dig deeper than you ever thought possible, you not only become immensely proud of yourself but also those who love you bear witness to the inner strength you have unearthed.
Have You Lost Someone to Suicide? The Saturday Before Thanksgiving Is for You When something as tragic as suicide happens in your life, it's as if you now have a huge, heavy weight on your shoulders.  Over time, the weight may not get lighter, but your shoulders get stronger.
Minimalism, Success and the Curious Writing Habit of George R.R. Martin So often we think that we need more to be successful. More outside funding for our startup. More software programs or productivity tools to handle our to-do list. More business contacts, a bigger network. More clothes or cars or credit cards. But maybe what we really need is less
The Gear Shift That Winter Brings But here comes that annual mercury drop which forces us to confront very different -- and much fewer -- activity choices. Makes us end up sharing a much smaller place in our world, and a much closer, more visible one, indoors, with our co-tenants. And what does that do?
5 Steps to Creating a Beautiful Life You Love What does it mean to live a life true to yourself? What kind of things do you want to be doing on a daily basis? When you look back on your life on your deathbed, what achievements will you be proudest of?
Doing Thanksgiving Differently Call me a yearner for a new main dish, that comes replete with new metaphors for what it means to be thankful, rich and satisfied. I want to feast and groan with gladness on enough, not too much.
Accepting Change Growing up I have been reminded to not let days slip by and not to put things off. My dad often reminded me that the clich\u00e9 \Youth is wasted on the young\ is something he didn't want me to regret too.
When Medical Challenges Strike Those We Love, Our Positive Attitude Just Might Be the Best Prescription of All After surviving breast cancer about seven years ago, my mother-in-law (Becky, an amazing individual) found out that her cancer is back and has spread throughout her body and even into her bones. Needless to say, when those of us close to her got the news, we were stunned.
25 Simple Things You Feel Grateful For This Year 
A Letter From Our Pre-Teen Selves (Loving Our Ugly Ducklings) Your chubby teen self whom you felt ashamed of? She was also dynamic and witty. Your gay teen self you felt was a curse? He was also sensitive and intuitive. Your nerd teen self who seemed so odd? She was also funny and caring.
How to Prevent Holiday Overeating and Still Enjoy Your Food It's natural to crave heavier and warming foods this time of year. Combine letting loose at family gatherings with your body's inclination towards warming comfort foods and you've got yourself a recipe for overeating.
Rediscovering My Power at 'Oprah's Life You Want Weekend' I realize that throughout life's challenges, my power has always been there. While I thought it was low, it was actually building up. Oprah's The Life You Want Weekend reenergized my spirit. I definitely left the arena feeling more empowered.
The 10 Healthiest Chain Restaurants In The U.S. 
On This Great American Smokeout While products like e-cigarettes may offer current adult smokers a path to quit, nicotine consumption has no place in the lives of young people.
Top 10 Steps to Quit Smoking Nicotine addiction is a tough battle and often takes multiple quit attempts until you finally quit for good. In observance of the American Cancer Society's Great American Smokeout, which takes place today, here are the top 10 steps you can take to quit.
Meditation Helped This Woman Quit Smoking 
3 Ways to Tap Into Your True Self 
12 Poisonous Thoughts That Are Sabotaging Your Life Most people aren't even aware of their negative thoughts. It's almost like they have just become a habit, so it seems normal to them. Here are 12 common toxic thoughts that you need to drop in order to have a better life:
3 Simple Tricks To Improve Running Form (And Have The Best Run Ever) 
Fatigued? What Your Doctor Won't Tell You Don't be afraid to look beyond traditional ideas of why you feel like dirt.  You don't have to travel to the rain forest to find a tribal healer, but do your research, talk to other people who've been through this and then find someone who'll listen.
Reduce Stigma All of us have witnessed a 'new' word be put into effect, only for it to take on the same shameful stigmatizing definition as its predecessor. I challenge you today to bring awareness to your word choice.
The 10 Best Nutrition Tips Ever Those who stay slim don't follow diets or nutrition trends. They follow common sense eating strategies that keep them looking fit for life.
The Art of Persuasion When we have a strong need for something, we're prone to falling into a \shrunken world\ and making irrational decisions. Having that awareness is key to breaking out of it.
From Birth Control to Culturally Competent Care, Affordable Care Act Breaks Down Health Care Barriers The Beltway media and politicians continuously deride the Affordable Care Act and its legal and political challenges ahead. They also seemed to be ready to pounce if healthcare.gov did not work perfectly upon open enrollment on November 15. But what is virtually never discussed are the many benefits that the law has brought to millions of individuals and entire communities.
How to Change Your Mind to Change Your Life That's why I have to share the best of what I've learned here, (and included Dr. Joe on my online interview series with the top personal growth and wellness experts that changed my life -- this stuff is truly transformative.
How to Live a Joyful Life Glenn Markman (aka Glenno) graciously and naturally taught those boys how to be men, how not to be afraid of laughter or tears. He exemplified how to life a joyful life. Here are some lessons I gleaned from Glenno...
Are You Going to the Egg Freezing Party? Yes, egg freezing provides a sort-of insurance policy for successful pregnancy later in life -- but it is not the solution to our current state of fertility.  Rather, the solution is to educate and empower women and remind them to not give up hope on their body and its ability to conceive naturally.
If You've Already Cut Out Sugary Drinks, This Should Be Your Next Goal 
How To Get Better Sleep With A Snorer 
Wikipedia May Predict The Next Global Health Crisis 
You Don't Need To 'Detox' And More Myths About Juice Cleansing 
Learning to 'Unlove' My Mother 
Here's What We Know About Dr. Martin Salia, The Most Recent Ebola Patient In The U.S. 
172 People Sickened With Norovirus On Cruise Ship 
Dutch Authorities Identify Highly Contagious Bird Flu Strain 
10 Habits Of Good Sleepers I've learned as much about healing sleep from superb sleepers as I have from those struggling with sleep. Improving our sleep health is not just about avoiding dysfunctional sleep patterns and habits; it's also about re-envisioning ourselves as superb sleepers.
5 Ways You're Wasting Your Time At The Gym Just because you see people using a machine at the gym (or you've read about it in a fitness magazine) doesn't mean it's the best choice for your body and personal goals.
The Constant Hero's Journey While I do believe that it is possible for individuals to go through a very difficult and transformational time of their lives and then re-emerge feeling stronger than ever before, I do not believe that the end feels like a safety net. I do not believe that there is an end.
8 Healthy Snacks To Keep Hunger At Bay Here are a few tips for choosing a healthy snack
Is Being A Night Owl Ruining Your Health? To find the few studies that say people who burn the midnight oil and snooze until noon are smarter and perform better on cognitive tasks taken later in the day than early birds, you may have to pull an all-nighter.
Don't Make This Tragic Mistake With Dog Training 
How To Have A Great Morning (Even If You're Not A Morning Person) Let's face it.  Some of us just don't DO mornings.  Our idea of a good morning is honestly, one where we can sleep in!  But reality calls -- and for many working parents, mornings seem absolutely frenetic.
6 Suggestions for a REAL Power Lunch The power lunch of today often takes place in your car. Going through the drive-thru to grab whatever you can, driving back to the office or your next client visit with one knee so you can eat with both hands.
What's in the Way of Your Freedom The real truth is no one is actually contained by anything. As a species, mankind is not limited by anything other than personal thoughts and beliefs. No one's life is pre-determined by history, childhood, family, or economics.
An Introvert's Open Letter to Extroverts The world told me that those who raise their hands often, speak up and engage in the class or in the meeting are the ones who are going somewhere, who have initiative and are team players. Those who go to parties every weekend and have 500 \closest friends\ are the ones who matter.
The Power of Sociogenomics on Health 
The Movember Momentum and You It doesn't matter what gender you are. Movember can be a great way to finally allow yourselves or your loved ones to open up and share any health concerns you may have, be they mental, physical, or preventative.
Orthorexia Isn't Healthful; Neither Is the Standard American Diet There is a world of difference between someone who inherently fears and mistrusts food to the point where they jeopardize their health and someone who is well-informed and aware of what they put into their body.
Winning Stories 
Navigating Holiday Hell, or How I Learned to Love the Holidays Resolve to put your personal stamp on the holidays this year. Break free from old, exhausting habits. Less stress, more pleasure. Wouldn't that be a miracle?
The Art of Living Fearlessly 
The FEAR Factor 
How to Manifest Your Ideal Career 
Why Every Young Physician Should Have a Professional Twitter Account As patients and medical providers increasingly use online sources for information and support, Twitter offers a unique opportunity for young medical professionals like yourself to voice opinions and be heard in ways that otherwise would be challenging at such an early level of medical training.
Ready for Some Healthy Holiday Shopping? A long day of shopping can be treacherous to your healthy lifestyle.  It can be difficult to make smart choices when surrounded by so much temptation.
Overcoming Obstacles With Stacy Keach My conversation with Stacy has a lot to do with overcoming obstacles. No one escapes facing detours but some seem more adept at overcoming them, while others appear to be overcome by them.
To Prevent Suicide, We Need To Change How We Think About It Until recently, suicide was viewed principally as a mental health problem, where it was felt that effective treatment of persons' psychiatric conditions or psychological issues would alleviate their suicidal thoughts and plans. However, many of us have viewed it as a fundamental public health problem as well as a mental health challenge.
The Paradox of Addiction In China one of the major brands of cigarettes is called Long Life. What better example of what I call the paradox of addiction?
Does Everybody Think You're Crazy? 
You Might Be Underestimating Just How Much Your Friends Love You 
From 'That Junkie Chick' on HBO to Soccer Mom I felt bitter at first that no one got the opportunity to know that I had discontinued all drug use and started a new life. But instead of wallowing in resentment, I decided to use my unique story as an opportunity to teach people about the daily struggles of a person who's addicted to heroin.
What Does Working for Your Worth Look Like? Since electing to do freelance creative work full-time this year, I've found several processes and practices to be incredibly valuable. If you find yourself in any realm of self-employment, perhaps these offer you some insights, or if nothing else, serve as positive affirmation.
What To Look For In The Perfect Pillow 
The Haunting of Our Past Our story is our past, and our past is our story.  Much of the hurt we carry around with us is a stowaway from our past -- our inability to let go of what once was in order to grasp hold of what now is.
The Health Dangers Lurking In Your AirBnB 
After Losing 160 Pounds, Man Strips Down To Show Excess Skin 
One More Strain Of The Virus That Causes Polio Likely Eradicated Worldwide 
Why Exercising Your Sense Of Humor Is So Important 
Stressed About Your Sleep? This Perspective Could Help 
Reflections on Building a Resilient Self I share this letter because as part of the resiliency building process, I have built a network of support. That support has led me to find peace within and to realize all the good that came from the relationship I built and rebuilt with my mother.
Sneaky Holiday Habits Linked to Weight Gain It's no secret that habitually overeating and indulging in too many treats can potentially lead to weight gain, but there are a few other less obvious and unfavorable holiday habits that you may acquire over the course of the season.
Trust Is a Weird Thing 
The 80/20... What? 
Humility Made Fun One of my favorite definitions of humility is \being open to the possibility that things are other than the way I think them to be.\ In this sense, it is one of the absolute keys to change and an essential quality on the path to transformation.
What Happens When You Remove Facebook's Most Popular Feature 
Why I'm Not Texting You Back Right Away (or At All) Finding that balance between the world in my hand and the world in front of me is hard, but I think it's a balance worth chasing. Just as I want to give the people in my life my full attention when I'm with them, I want to give the world around me more of my full attention, too.
5 Major Benefits Of Total-Body Workouts 
When Your Life Clicks Into Place To free fall through this life knowing that you'll be all right, and that you can actually be happy even if you don't get that thing you want -- now, that's a huge leap of faith, and it brings with it tremendous freedom.
How Pattern Recognition Gives You an Edge Patterns tell us what outcomes we can expect based on a given set conditions.  Although pattern recognition is commonly associated with computer science and engineering, it also applies to nature, people and social systems.
Women Can Do Anything Men Can Do, But Here's One Surprising Thing They're Even Better At Who would have thought that these catchy lyrics from the 1946 Broadway musical Annie Get Your Gun would fit so perfectly into a conversation today about women and heart disease?
How Working Irregular Hours Affects The Brain 
The Importance of Multidisciplinary Eating Disorders Treatment Even though each recovery journey is unique, more than three decades in this field has revealed a single best practice that I believe can benefit every eating disordered individual -- a multidisciplinary treatment team.
10 Strategies For Boosting Your Efficiency And Productivity Whether you're in Australia, England, or America; blue-collared, white, or pink, we've all got 24 hours to work with. Success comes down to what we're able to do in those hours. While every entrepreneur would love to keep the sun from setting and adding hours to their day, there are strategies that will help maximize work habits and productivity.
Here's Why Negative Emotions Are Good For You 
Meditation Is Even More Powerful Than We Originally Thought 
Keep Your Arteries and Heart Protected This Winter Some of these risk factors -- namely, age and family history -- are entirely out of our control, which is why it's important to be diligent when it comes to preventive measures.
What a Fisherman Can Teach the Alpha Male and Woman 
Vitamin D vs. Common Cold 
The Spookie Mind 
A Marine Heals Through Poetry 
Stevie Wonder Teaches Us How to Be 'Stronger Together' 
The Gift of Choice We are hurt by a loved one; we then have a choice. Are we going to focus on what went wrong, what was done, or who said what? Or are we going to work toward a place where we can think rationally and decide how we should proceed?
50 Ways to Leave Your Lover - But One Way to Have a Successful Relationship 
A Dream to Pursue 
Matt Lauer Is My Hero By Not Shaving Here comes Mr. Lauer back into my life again, this time fighting the good fight against cancer for guys everywhere. So, fellas, let's all follow Matt's lead and sprout facial hair of our own this month, and send in your hard earned dollars to fight for our own male cancer cause.
Don't Let Negative Thoughts Get You Down 
Vestiges of Thyroid Cancer Yes, I face challenges in my life as a result of the vestiges of thyroid cancer. There are days that I don't have the energy to get out of bed, but I do anyway. There are days that I can't think clearly, but I laugh about it and keep trying. Why? Because every day is a miracle to me.
Why You Aren't Who You're Supposed to Be Whether the glitch is in the value or the glitch is in the goal, we have several techniques in NLP to reconcile the two. When your values and goals are in alignment, you'll no longer feel frustrated as you pursue what you desire.
Former Soldier Turned Zen Monk Teaches Vets to Use Mindfulness as Body Armor You have to change.  If you don't change, you're going to die. That is the chilling realization that prompted Gulf War Veteran Michael Nguyen to turn to mindfulness practice to save his life when PTSD was running it into the ground.
What's Your Upside 
Two Foods You Should Consider for Prostate Health Of course, no food or diet can by itself prevent cancer. What maca and lycopene in tomatoes can do, as part of a healthy lifestyle, is help support your body's basic systems, boost your body's homeostasis, and help repair the destructive effects of aging.
Living With Anxiety I believe that mental illnesses like anxiety are real and they are illnesses. There should NOT be a stigma around them that keeps people like me white knuckling through their lives.
Chronicles of Health Creation 
How To Feel More Relaxed This Week 
Making Life a Little More Effortless As you prepare to dive into this upcoming holiday season and prepare for a new year, I invite you to consider cutting down your to-do lists to a bare minimum and perhaps make your one and only resolution to stick only to the things on that list.
How to Find Motivation to Stay Fit Through the Holidays 
How Hiking to the Bridge to Nowhere Connected Me to My Late Grandfather 
Moving Through Grief When you lose someone in your life who you love more than yourself, the experience will change you forever. I know I will never be the same. It will happen to most of us. and it's important to give yourself the permission and time to discover who you are following a great loss.
Grieving in the Facebook Era Let us remember that grieving is more than social media, too. It is an embrace of those living that allows the darkness of our souls to receive light; it is a touch of hands that guides us through our journey and an elevated prayer for those who have left us in God's perfect order.
The Most Powerful Motivator The key is to motivation is to get people to appreciate and agree with the \why\ of the project or cause. Once the purpose of the project is clear, then you and everyone's relationship to the goal becomes more obvious.
Many Overweight Women and Men Are Finding Help in Overeaters Anonymous 
No More Diets -- Eat and Live Mindfully Instead Enter any bookstore, turn on the television, or flip through a magazine -- without a doubt you will be faced with shelves of diet books, commercials with celebrities touting unbelievable weight loss results or an advertisement for the latest fat-melting pill.
When Children Die of Cancer Losing a child is one of the worst experiences a person can go through.  The psychological research is consistent in finding that those who lose a child grieve for the longest, the most intensely, and with the most severe symptoms.
Tips for Flu Season Everyone has heard how to prevent colds and the flu
After Vipassana, Heartfulness Meditation Heartfulness meditation restores, uncovers, realizes our Heaven self. Inside simple inner peace there are worlds for us to discover. We don't have to take the word of others what the other side is like.  We find the love of the other side on this side, in our hearts, in a life of greater heartfulness.
The Three Phases of Transformational Change If you are doing something radically different from the norm, pushing your comfort zone boundaries and looking to make a few waves, learn to recognize where you are in the three stages of transformation.
Do You Believe? If you take a deep breath, pause and inhale the moments of this holiday season, I am confident that you will hear music differently, see acts of kindness and generosity all around you, you will not only see the needs and sadness of others but you will feel compelled to act.
Mind-Body Therapies To Ease Insomnia Recent research shows that mind-body practices can be one effective way to treat insomnia and some of its symptoms.
9 Things Powerful People Never Say Powerful people talk in a healthy way, combining the right blend of confidence and humility. They share authentically with their hearts and inspire others to action. Check out these things powerful people never say so you can become even more powerful.
4 Common Fears We Can All Learn To Combat We never say babies \fail\ when they fall. We accept that falling is a part of the process and that they will ultimately stand up and try again. The same holds true for life. Failure gives us the crucial lessons we need to find in order to stand stronger and find new avenues for success.
When Being Beautiful Might Count Against You 
5 Benefits Of Being A Curious Person 
Be True to Yourself, Always I spend every single day of my life painting - there is no day when I'm not being creative. Art is what makes this planet beautiful, and yes, it's a shame that artists live lives that are mostly unrecognized and underpaid - if paid at all. But this is my purpose.
Raising Rich Kids Let's hope rich kids will find their way. But romping in a mountain of money like most kids play in a pile of leaves will not make it easy. As the developing cells of the teenage brain react to the world around them -- money does change everything.
Lessons From A Father Grieving His Teen's Suicide The inadequacy of words that console is exacerbated when a child takes his or her own life. It's a loss that adds the additional burdens of unbearable remorse and unanswered questions to already grieving parents; the  general ambiguity heightens the pain and prolongs the grieving process.
Why We Meditate at Work In the early days there were only three full-time employees, and two of us would meditate at work each afternoon.  One day the third employee came in to my office and said, \I want what you have! I want to know more about this meditation you do, can I learn?\
How Quitting Smoking Changes Your Body 
How One Woman's Resilience Affected An Entire Community 
Making Love if you say you love someone, and you really mean it, you better be prepared to back it up. That kind of love, the cosmic uprooting of every negative thought and preconceived notion, the ultimate gift, is unconditional, unrelenting and all-encompassing.
Brittany Maynard Brittany had a choice, and she chose. What gives the rest of us the authority to judge or praise?
Adding My Voice to Those Who Were Raped 
Homeless, Hungry and High 
Reclaiming My Voice Five years ago, I was diagnosed with thyroid cancer, and my life changed. At the time of diagnosis, I had a bolt of clarity that I needed to reassess my life, but the change didn't occur immediately or swiftly. For me, it has been a gradual process of learning, changing, and growing.
All About That Bass Here's what I say about it
5 Steps to Soulful Self-Love We keep hearing about self-love and how to nurture and care for ourselves. Self-love is pretty straight forward. It is about taking care of our bodies and mind through time and practices of self-care.
One Good Reason To Stop Mocking Gluten-Free Diets 
Surprisingly Simple Strategies Nutritionists Swear By Dietitians follow nutrition research, and our recommendations always stem from human clinical trials conducted at reputable universities and published in top-tier medical journals.
Big Soda's Grip Fizzles as Berkeley Passes a Soda Tax Big Soda's obscenely expensive winning streak has fizzled out. Berkeley, California has become the first city in the nation to pass a sugary drink tax specifically designed to reduce consumption.
Here's Proof Tranquility Looks Different To Us All 
How to Make the Best Decision 
6 Questions Your Doctor Isn't Asking You (Which Might Be Keeping You Sick) You haven't felt well in a really long time. You've sat in your fair share of waiting rooms, taken a million tests, and filled more prescriptions than your medicine cabinet can comfortably hold. But you still haven't gotten to the bottom of your chronic health issues. Why isn't anything helping Maybe it's because your doctor isn't asking you the right questions.
Kids and High Sugar Die-ts If we are going to reverse this epidemic before it is too late, we must provide children with the knowledge to make healthy choices at young ages. Otherwise, who cares if kids know arithmetic and social studies if they don't live past their 35th birthdays?
This 15-Minute Workout Can Make You Faster And Stronger 
How Having Friends Who Do Yoga Has Helped Me Yoga is a solo affair and my well-being is mine to craft. No one else can actually do the work for me, but the path becomes easier when there is support around you to keep you chugging along, so that you don't drop off when you hit a low, or get too elated and lose track.
3 Habits Highly Productive People Do Every Day, Even If They're 'Too Busy' Early risers really do have a distinct advantage when it comes to mental clarity, acuity and energy. Simply put
Weight Training Often when I introduce the idea of weight lifting to gym members the excuses I hear back are across the board. For women it's usually the fear of growing too big and muscular. Older people fear injury. And frankly, some people just have no idea where or how to begin.
How to Get a Bikini Body Without Buying a Bikini Body Plan 
7 Super Seeds With Big Health Benefits Suddenly, seeds are everywhere -- beverages, bars, you name it. For little guys, seeds are nutritional powerhouses. But which ones deliver the health and body benefits you crave most? Some help. Tell us how you enjoy your super seeds in the comment section below!
The Ultimate Guide to Raising a Child With Type 1 Diabetes (an Amazing eBook) 
Curate Your Mood to Better Your Life Even though it's easier to believe we're the victims of our circumstances, it's empowering to take ownership of how the world around us impacts our well-being. Regardless of the situation you find yourself in, I believe that you always have a choice, and there are always things within your control that you can focus on.
The 3Ms Revolution y adding these essential ingredients into your daily routine, you will set your mind, body and spirit on a path lined with greater vitality, happiness and creativity. Try the 3M's for 30 days and see how it transforms your relationship with the world around you.
Paradoxically, Slow Medicine Is the Best Quick Fix for Your Health 
What the Ebola Virus and Sen. Barbara Boxer Can Teach Us About Health Care Systems Now is the time for medical communities everywhere to examine existing processes critically, pursue thoughtful advances in how we deliver care, and promote a culture that engages staff in the improvement process. Taking care of patients is not only about the therapies we provide but also having the most effective care delivery systems possible. By that metric, American health care still has significant room to grow.
Children Amidst World's Conflicts at Risk of Becoming a Lost Generation Even as the wars rage on, international relief groups and dedicated health professionals must start preparing to address the long-term needs of these children -- including restoration of their emotional health. We must create environments where the children know they are protected from exploitation and harm.
10 Important Reasons To Start Making Time For Silence, Rest And Solitude Practice becoming an observer of your thoughts. The human will is strengthened whenever we choose not to respond to every actionable thought.
30 Reasons Why Your 30s Shouldn't Be a Hot Mess! There's nothing quite like a birthday to get you thinking about life. I'll turn 32 next month. Lately, I've been thinking there's something about this particular time in life I just want to bottle up. But what is it? I decided to ask some 30-something friends and colleagues to chime in too. Here's what we came up with.
Download Information About Stress Through Poetry, Painting and Innovation? 
The Gratitude Game There's so much in our lives that allow us to exist that we walk right by without noticing -- even our breath.  Today, more than you have in a while, feel that interconnectedness with the air, the soil, the sky. Be very, very aware of and in awe of the divine nature of this creation.
Are We Abnormally Normal? What I am trying to say is that when we were created to be different, why do we even try to fit in a certain mold? We think being the same is cool yet I think the beauty of the world lies in us all being \abnormal\!
7 Reasons Why You Don't Have to Be Right When the mind is free to listen and learn, negative mindsets turn into positives energy, struggle and stress vanish and a happier and more fulfilling life will follow.
Why It Was Worth Facing Down My Fear Of The Dark Ask yourself, what's my mission? What here is bigger than the fear? When you have that core, you can do the work that builds resilience. Examine and challenge your fear-based thoughts. Celebrate your little victories. Then go out and run your race.
How To Recover When Stress Builds Up Recovery is not negotiable. You can either make time to rest and rejuvenate now or make time to be sick and injured later. Keep your bucket full.
You're Eating Fish All Wrong 
Work-Life Balance? We Don't Have Time for That Owed to the end of Daylight Savings Time, many in the U.S. woke up this morning with a magical extra hour added to their day. I always hasten to point out how easy it is on that morning to notice, and pause for a moment to consider, two things.
9 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Your Body's Internal Clock 
8 Healthy Habits To Adopt Now As most of you know, I am not a fan of diets. The reason is that we follow a certain diet for a while, and then we fall off the wagon as we are unable to sustain it, and so often, end up discouraged. Better to adopt a healthy lifestyle you can sustain for the long haul.
The 6 Golden Rules Of A Healthy Grocery Cart 
5 Simple Steps To Increase Daily Performance The key to a successful life is to utilize your education, social connections, resume and pedigree to bring value to the world -- and the best way to fulfill this is by being an energetic contributor to the environment you are in.
The Self-Serving Reason We Gossip 
The Top 10 Workout Songs For November In terms of working out, 128 BPM's dominance in pop music means that if you can find an exercise routine that approximates this pace, you'll never be short of new workout music. If you've already got fixed a routine, you can swap in any of the songs from that range and see how they fit.
Waking, Dreaming, Being Dreaming and waking up have puzzled and fascinated humanity since prehistoric times. Paleolithic cave paintings, according to some art historians, depict mental images from dreams and the borderland between sleep and wakefulness.
5 Barre Moves You Can Do At Home We asked two New York City instructors -- Kara Liotta, Master Instructor and Director of Training at FlyBarre, and Kristine Storie, instructor and owner of Xtend Barre -- for their favorite no-equipment moves.
Why Flu Strikes In Winter 
How Too Little Sleep Affects Us At Every Age 
India May Ban E-Cigarettes 
Using Your Words to Reach Your Business Goals Your words literally have creative power and the ability to transform your life. Many people don't realize that their level of success is directly connected to the words they are saying every day. In my office, we have a saying
How The World's Worst Ebola Outbreak Started From A Single Child 
Oregon Woman Possibly With Ebola Hospitalized After Developing Fever 
Evidence That Heart Health And Mental Health Are Linked 
How Successful People Stay Calm While I've run across numerous effective strategies that successful people employ when faced with stress, what follows are 10 of the best. Some of these strategies may seem obvious, but the real challenge lies in recognizing when you need to use them...
The End of October But Not the End of Breast Cancer The real questions for those of us working on this problem are
Why I Took Up Jogging in the Rain, How Much I Love It and Why You Might Like It Too! I highly recommend squeezing into those lycra leggings, dusting off your cap, and slipping on a slicker with some upbeat tunes and going out for a jog in the rain!  You too may feel refreshed and energized!
Health and Longevity 
Why A Much Faster Ebola Test Isn't Being Used 
The Genetic Test That Could Transform Breast Cancer Care 
Marine Corps Marathon 2014 There was a woman standing next to me telling every runner that they were doing so well, looking so good, and were amazing. What a kind and generous spirit. Some runners responded with smiles and head shakes, but it helped all of them power through the next arduous mile.
Your Story Matters. Here's Why. 
Dare to Be 100 
Navigate Change With Acupuncture Change is good. It doesn't always feel that way. Change actually can be quite difficult, and many of us struggle with it. Whether it's a big lifestyle change or slight alteration in routine, having to adapt sets us off our games.
The Wisdom of Hawkeye Pierce The surgeons of the 4077th MASH unit may have been fictional, but they got one thing right
Diabetes Will Fuel Tuberculosis Cases Worldwide, Experts Warn 
How To Survive A Suicide tell myself that while my feelings of anger, guilt, and selfishness are normal, they aren't where I should live my life. I love her. And that's enough. Love is always enough. It's a lesson that will probably take another 10 years to just begin to understand. So for now, when I hear those words, I'm ready to start accepting it for what it is, an act of grace and love.
The Importance of Meditation for Parents of Children With Special Needs or Challenges On my end, I've written that my meditation practice has been my \saving grace.\ Okay, if I am going to be honest... it is stronger than that. It has saved my life. With my daughter, I probably would have lingered in a consistent state of depression. I've had bouts, but with my practice I could always get out of it.
The Impact of the 'Breaking News' Cycle on Our Health Whether we hear the news on our way to work, read it over breakfast, or see it regurgitated and analyzed repeatedly through our online and social media channels, it seems inescapable. And like it or not, it infuses itself into our psyche, taking direct aim at how we feel and react.
Pediatric Brain Tumor Research Just as children are not miniature adults, pediatric cancers aren't small adult cancers.  The distinct biology of pediatric brain cancer means it often needs different treatment and can also give us insights into the origins and cures to all cancers
It Takes Courage To Make A Change 
What I Learned About Love As A Pediatric Nurse 
Trend Spotting This year, the expo portion of the event drew more than 350 food and nutrition related exhibitors. It's here that new products and innovations are launched and food trends come to life.
Why 'Being Nice' Is Not Part of Effective Communication (And What to Do Instead) Have the courage to challenge yourself
The Key to Connecting to Your Authentic Self But none of these are who you are. The authentic you is the you that can be found at your absolute core. Like peeling back the layers of an artichoke, you need to go deep inside to find the answers.
The Seemingly-Virtuous, Often-Dangerous Word We All Use I'll get all set and all comfy... and then that bright, glaring sunshine busts through the curtains, makes its way across the floor and lands squarely on my conscience, convincing me that I'm lazy for not basking in it.
Can We Make People Want to Change? We can certainly influence others with our love, peace and joy, but even that does not give us control. A major part of inner healing is learning to accept our lack of control over others' intent to learn or protect.
8 Ways Your Coworkers Are Making You Sick 
5-Year-Old Boy In NYC Tests Negative For Ebola 
The Big Lie Of Obesity To solve this crisis, we first let go of the lie that obesity is a matter of choice. That lie is wrong, it is hurtful, and it distracts us from real solutions.
WATCH 
How To Cook With Pumpkin That Doesn't Come From A Can 
New York Ebola Patient Enters Next Phase Of Illness 
What Really Happens If You Don't Get Enough Sleep 
Why We're So Scared Of Being Alone (And How To Cope) Solitude isn't about cutting yourself off from humanity, or hiding out in a cabin in the woods. It's about balancing stimulation and rest so that you're not a scary stranger to yourself. A deep, sustaining confidence comes from knowing you can be good company to yourself.
5 Fashion Trends That Could Be Hurting Your Health If you love your body more than the clothing it's dressed in, keeping up with these fashion trends doesn't have to take a toll on your health.
Facing My Blind Spot Allowing others to shine a light on our blind spots, particularly with respect to our faults, teaches us how to become better conversationalists, better listeners, and ultimately, better people in general. What we learn about our blind spots may not always be pleasant, but it can open up a whole new world we never even knew existed.
Nurse Under Ebola Quarantine Criticizes Her Treatment 
Nurse 
There's Now a Host of Ambitious Terminology for Women in the Workplace -- Are Men  Feeling Left Out? The new generation of women at work has been peeled, prodded and parsed from every angle -- their education, their numbers, their issues, their needs, their frustrations. But you would be hard-pressed to find one illuminating equivalent study on the male side of the gender divide.
What Insomnia Really Feels Like 
New Ebola Quarantine Protocol Seen As Barrier To Volunteers 
Warren Buffett's 'Two-List' Strategy Given his success, it stands to reason that Buffett has an excellent understanding of how to spend his time each day. From a monetary perspective, you could say that he manages his time better than anyone else.
Nearly A Third Of Americans Would Choose To Improve Their Career Over Their Health Or Relationships 
Stop Freaking Out About Cellulite These dimples in my skin represent the meals and belly laughs I now share with friends. They represent the time and energy I have claimed and now use to focus on my goal and dreams instead of ever-thinner thighs.
Paralyzed Man Walks I don't know what people with spinal cord injuries are being told today. I know that this research opens up people's minds and hearts and make give them hope.
The End of Fat Talk When we challenge ourselves to not \fat talk,\ we give an incredible gift to our daughters, our family members and our friends. Casually engaging in fat talk with our friends actually reinforces painful body shame and the dieting mind, despite our best intentions.
Most New Yorkers Aren't Freaking Out About Ebola, So You Shouldn't Either 
A Timeline Of New York City's First Ebola Case 
Nina Pham, Nurse Infected With Ebola, Is Now Virus-Free 
3 Moves To Prevent Injuries 
What Butterflies Can Teach Us About Embracing Change 
Everything You Need To Know About Ebola 
How Doing Dishes Can Help You Lose Weight Here's the secret
I'll Have a Glass of Grapefruit Juice With My Bacon Fat A dieting concept that is more than 80 years old and should have been laughed out of existence now suddenly may have some validity. The concept is grapefruit juice.
Go Ahead, Label Me My labels aren't what make me who I am or how I experience my mental health or lack thereof.  My labels just give my treatment team an idea of where I fall on the spectrum and help them to decide various strategies for recovery.
10 Ways to Beat Stress in 10 Minutes or Less 
Internet Infidelity Researchers have begun to investigate the phenomenon of Internet infidelity, and some of this research is very informative, especially since it appears to confirm that \infidelity is infidelity\ regardless of where and how it starts and where it leads to.
Functioning While Depressed Knowledge about these variations in the origin of depression is an important starting point to gain a better understanding and to make a quicker determination about an individual who might be affected by depression.
How Ebola Spreads If someone with Ebola sneezes and you get snot on your arm, then you have had direct contact with the virus. If someone sneezes in the room with you, and you do not get sneezed on directly, you wouldn't be exposed.
Ask JJ People rarely snack out of hunger. Instead, you bomb a big presentation, then you have an argument with your significant other, so you assuage your frustration with a big gooey cinnamon bun your coworker left in the break room.
Your Ebola Questions, Answered 
Outrage of the Month Too often, companies entice consumers into purchasing health care products based on deceptive advertisements that overstate the potential benefits of the products and omit key information about risks.
Two Years After Sandy Two years after Superstorm Sandy hit New York, many individuals, families and communities have recovered, but others are still struggling. The damage wrought by Sandy disrupted thousands of lives and brought communities together in a show of strength, support and resilience.
Jacob George, Hillbilly Storyteller, Survives 3 Tours in Afghanistan But Not His Road Back Home On September 17, 2014, Jacob George, just 32 years old, took his own life. It was not an act of cowardice or selfishness on his part, but a failing on ours.  We failed Jacob as a community of veterans and a country as a whole.
Why I Don't Support 'Breast Cancer Awareness' They asked me to support their efforts to launch a campaign in the fight against breast cancer, and when I politely declined, they were surprised. They had assumed that as a cancer survivor myself, I would be fervently supportive of their efforts to fight the war against cancer.
I Hate My Job Nowadays quitting is too often associated with failure -- whether it is a relationship, a job or a project. If you think this way, you are wrong. Being able to quit something that hasn't been making you happy for a long time -- despite all your efforts -- is strength.
The Upside of Early Loss Jim's tragedy seemed insulting to my already-injured family. Jim died on Sept. 5; my mom died on Sept. 7. She was 46 and I was 15. Jim was 47 and his oldest child was 15. History, cruel beast, had repeated herself in a mocking chorus of eerie parallels.
Americans Are A Little More Worried About The Flu Than Ebola 
Family Of Dallas Nurse With Ebola Says She's Free Of Virus 
Is It Right To Withhold Care From An Ebola Patient If It Puts Doctors At Risk? 
Silent Partners, Silent Killers 
This Couple's Biggest Adventure Began When They Switched From Coffee To Green Tea 
Everything You Need To Know About Ebola And Your Pets 
Pregnant Women Must Be Studied Too Imagine being pregnant while having a chronic health condition such as diabetes, hypertension, depression or asthma, or being diagnosed with an illness while pregnant. Amazingly, your doctor may not know exactly what treatments or drugs, or what dose, will work best for you. This is a reality faced by American women every day.
The Best Yoga Film of 2014 
What's Wrong With Being Right The practice of open-mindedness and reflection is enormously valuable particularly in our close relationships. But I won't kid you, it can be very difficult for those of us who have been attached to being right. It is freeing, but humbling.
Living the Good Life There are many things for which we owe the Greeks
Pancakes for Everyone Else But Me -- Wellness Quest 
Save Your Life ICE stands for \in case of emergency.\ All hospital, police, firemen and paramedics know what ICE means.  If something happens to you or someone you love, emergency personnel will search your phone for a contact called ICE.
The Power of Metaphorical Thinking It was the first time that day that I had literally stopped and sat in complete stillness, alone. There were no voices or televisions (which I've truly gotten away from). It was still enough to hear the cricket's call which reminded me of the book.
How to Live Beyond the Fear of Ebola 
Are You a Bully? Have you ever felt defenseless at the hands of someone else? If so, how does it feel?  Fear often sets in first, intimidation next; forced to submit, we often feel trapped. Trapped in a metaphorical cage with nowhere to run can be terrifying.
The Generation Y Physician We can only hope that the \giants\ of medicine -- once young pioneers themselves in the face of change -- will be kind to us young physicians as we continue to define our unique identity in the face the a seemingly telescopic transformation of the field of medicine.
Dare to Be 100 
Retreat and the Gifts of Vertical Time Vertical time is a life practice as we find what we want more and more in this moment. There are worlds and worlds, realms upon realms for us to know and enjoy as vertical time unfolds within each of us.
Strength Training Moves For a Full-Body Makeover Ready for a total-body workout? Here are nine strength-training moves you can use in one workout to get started.
Experiencing Information the Project 
Your Biggest First Date Worries... Solved Especially if you're shy or tend to be anxious, those first date jitters can translate into full blown dating anxiety, which can be paralyzing. The days and hours leading up to a date can be worry-filled, and you may even avoid dating altogether if it's too intense.
Our Homes, Ourselves and Creating the Perfect Stress-Free Environment Turning your home into a place of balance and harmony is not a new idea, but it's certainly a timeless one. Give yourself a gift. Apply these small changes, and see what happens to your life.
Live Like Picasso -- Nurturing Fluid Intelligence and an 'Artistic Dimension' Childhood is a time of life when learning is more intense than at any other, when children gain the critical knowledge and skills that can help ensure that the human species as a whole remains adaptable.
Rethinking the 21-Day Quarantine for Ebola Contacts With so little known about the Ebola virus, as a public health decision, it may be prudent to extend the quarantine or observation period.
Lab Worker Isolated On Cruise Tests Negative For Ebola 
Don't Be Dense I urge you to get informed about your own body and the technology available to you. So many of us make our children, our partners, and our jobs our priority. But today is the day to do something for yourself and get informed about your own health.
How Acknowledging My OCD Saved Me From It I mourn the person that I could have been had I not been too stubborn and ashamed to seek help and hurt when I think of how many years of suffering I could have avoided.
Why Runners Can't Stop Talking About Themselves We love to share our running goals and achievements in hopes of finding encouragement along the way, or possibly inspiring others to chase their own dreams. Nothing shines brighter on the mantel of running rewards than the marathon finisher's medal.
How to Become an Expert in the Field of Possibility The point is that you become empowered by doing. You end up feeling more excited about actually taking action than how it turns out, because you actually start participating in your own life.
Who Says Financial Abuse Has to Be Romantic? 10 Signs You're in a Financially-Abusive Relationship With Friends and Family 
What Lies Behind Your Sugar Cravings? 
Cognitive Function and Its Impact on Chronic Pain 
Selfless Acts in Health Care The idea of running into a burning building or being faced with armed criminals is a risk we can readily understand, but being a health care worker is less tenable to us in the risks that they too face every day. For it is not often that they can see what they need to avoid.
Diabetes and My Personal Experience With Obtaining Health Care Coverage Through Obamacare 
The Gift That Should Have Killed Me 
5 Things Ayurveda Wants You to Know About Yourself 
Why Healthy Lung Month Is Something We All Need to Be Aware Of 
U.S. Hospitals Brace For Ebola Panic 
Family Of Ebola Nurse Fires Back At Critics 
How To Train Your Brain For Your Next Marathon Set realistic goals for finishing. Make sure they are doable and within reach.  If you're a 10-minute miler, then don't set and run at an eight-minute pace starting out.  Remember, it truly isn't a sprint -- it's literally a marathon.
5 Things You'll Probably Do Wrong Shoveling Snow This Winter Listen to your body -- if you are feeling strained or tired, it's time to take a break. It's better to take the extra time to prepare yourself and do it the right way than to spend weeks with a hurt back. I wish you all a safe and happy winter season!
Change Is Hard, So Start Small 
How To Kick The Feeling That You're Not Good Enough Facing impostor feelings can be challenging, but speaking with mentors, recognizing your personal expertise, using strategies to replace current negative habits with more positive, beneficial patterns will bring you to a more optimistic experience so you can enjoy your well-earned successes.
The Real Secret To Success I spent many years doing a job I didn't love. I was good at it. I was successful at it. But, it didn't fulfill me and it consumed my life and my time. What I did learn from that job were many skills and knowledge that carried me into my true purpose.
Get Fit From The Couch Here's a chance to turn that sofa into your playground, making the night-in movie your fitness aid. If you want to have your cake and eat it, this is the perfect way to start.
Sometimes I Forget I've Been Diagnosed With Depression I can't find much to complain about. Sometimes life is so good that I even forget I suffer from depression -- until it smacks me in the face, all like, \Hey, don't forget about me. I'm still here.\
Looking for Bedrock There's too much going on in the world at large and in our own worlds to bear the weight alone. We shouldn't try to. We can't.
7 Tips to Coping With Ebola Phobia When we are faced with crisis situations of this magnitude, we get anxious and excessively worry that our sense of safety and security is threatened. We become fearful for ourselves and for our loved ones.
How To Feel More Energized All Day Long 
Yoga for Running Recovery 
Down The Rabbit Hole Maybe it was a miracle. Maybe I'm just remarkably stubborn. But all I can say is before that Tuesday I was depressed, and every day after I was just very sad -- until I wasn't anymore.
Dude, Where's My Mat? Meet the Guys Shattering Yoga's 'Housewife' Stereotype 
Choked by Love 
How To Cope With The Scariest Health Info You Find Online I always like to remind myself that life is about balance. In this case, you want to strike a balance between information and action. It's important to stay current on advances in health and fitness trends; your health is truly the foundation for the rest of your life's endeavors.
5 Ways You're Trading Incredible Sex for a Miserable Job Your work is affecting your sex life one way or another. The effect it has is up to you, and largely the type of job you have. If you are in a job you hate, which is 87 percent of us, according to the Washington Post, it could destroy your sex life. Here's five ways how.
Brain Zapping for Weight Loss 
WHO Admits It Botched Response To Ebola Outbreak 
Texas Health Worker With No Symptoms Isolated On Cruise Due To Ebola Fears 
Meditation and My New Normal I was suddenly overwhelmed by this peacefulness throughout my being. With so much outside of my control which was very difficult for my Type A personality tendencies, all I knew was of the present moment.
Hospital Releases Video Of Ebola Patient Nina Pham 
Nurse Infected With Ebola May Have Felt Ill As Early As Friday 
Riding A Bike Every Day Will Change Your Life For The Better 
Increasing Adult Immunization Now is a perfect time to issue a wake-up call to health care professionals who treat adult patients. Adults are not just grown up children, and they need vaccines, too. So what needs to happen to change this picture?
It's Time To Kick Your Phone Out Of The Bedroom When you turn off your devices early in the evening, and exile them from your bedroom at night, you'll sleep better. Better yet, you could stay thinner and healthier. And don't worry
Where Did My Hammock Time Go? My hammock is sacred to me
Glass or Plastic? I placed the empty glass under the spout but was confused about what to do next.  I kept starting to put my finger on the button to dispense the water and then pulling it away.  Finally it occurred to me to capture the damned water and pour it into plastic.
A Reluctant Alchemist Life is not meant to be lived in one place -- and by that I am not referring to physical local, but to the level of growth or understanding we have reached.
10 Strange Tricks to Lose Belly Fat Do not ruin the experience of life by worrying all the time about eating unhealthy or not exercising. Healthy living is not a 5K race but a marathon -- being healthy is about long-term habits.
Everything You Need To Know About Nut, Seed And Grain Milks 
Mindfulness in Everyday Life and Striving for Greatness Grab hold of your star, strive for greatness rather than fame, honor your contribution to your loved ones and the world and be proud of the celebrity you already are. Being the star of your own show is a true measure of success.
What Does It Mean if I Don't Have Money Dreams? Now, if you do dream about actual money, that doesn't necessarily mean that you are coming into financial wealth (sorry -- don't shoot the messenger). Remember, our dreams speak in the language of symbols.
20 Ways To Choose Happiness After 20 years of counseling clients and working on my own psycho-spiritual journey, I recommend the following ways to choose happiness...
What I Learned From Being Diagnosed With Narcolepsy About six months later, I woke up one morning in the law school parking lot unsure of how I'd got there. I remembered leaving home, but couldn't recall arriving at school. I'd gotten 10 hours of sleep the night before. For the first time, I thought
How Big Pharma Made Us Hypochondriacs From where I live now, I am thankful that I cannot reach for a spray or lozenge that will make it go away. No -- I'm kidding -- I'd kill for that. But in the absence of that easy fix, I have a new perspective and appreciation for my body and its frailty.
Stop Surrounding Yourself With Negativity 
4 Techniques to Deal With Difficult People None of us is perfect; most of us are doing the best we can. So keep searching for a part of someone that you can empathize with, even when it's a stretch. You may not always succeed, but keep trying.
Finding Your Motivation Fear, and not lack of self-discipline, (or lack of organizational skills) is what prevents us from making our dreams manifest. We are often motivated to create to derive a sense of validation and purpose
Got Yoga? Insights and Breath Into the Heart and Mind of The Emotional Mojo Yoga Coach When your yoga teacher, or the one that lives within you, stokes in that space of in-between-ness, we become greater than the sum of our parts. Again. Connected in an interconnected matrix of breath.
Spiritual Semantics I think the big division between science and spirituality could be narrowed by a clearer definition of our words. Our vocabulary doesn't serve us well. Don't let the foibles of our vocabulary prevent you from respecting the beliefs of others as long as they respect and honor yours.
Wifi Connected But No Connection Technology may offer us the hardware and the software to connect. But then, real connection, it seems to me, will only happen if we use our heart-ware. So how connected are you?
Triangle Base I've decided to take yet another page out of Nick Harkaway's book. I'm going to draw lines on my hand. It may start as a single line. It may grow to a V. Maybe someday it'll even grow to a triangle or a pyramid. It's foreign to me, but I'll try a little optimism.
Meditation Covers Scientific American November 2014 Issue 
Your Immortality You may not live forever, but you can live a longer, healthier and more fulfilled life, and at the same time make this world a little better place in which to live.
6 Must-Haves For The Perfect Night's Sleep 
5 Frightening, Lifesaving Things to Know About CT Scans, Side Effects, Blood and Cancer 
Due Diligence on Diabetes I'm a regular person with a job, family commitments and time constraints like everyone else.  Managing one's own health is a process requiring time and effort, but it's for something very important -- your own well-being.
How To Bounce Back From A Sports Injury 
Just Waiting for an Aha Moment on the Back Porch My experience with aha moments has always been drastically life-changing. I would wait for God to give me a sign and then I'd act on it.
The Right To Live -- And Die -- On Your Own Terms It's a shame you have to relocate to die on your terms. But for those who are terminally ill who want to focus on the quality of their rest of their lives rather than worry about the prolonged pain of dying, it is a choice they make to put themselves and their loved ones at ease.
Stop Thinking, Just Move I want joy, peace, contentment, hope, and happiness to be my motivation, to be my source of thoughts and emotions. I need to keep building up this sense of conquering; I need to gather my fuel. I need to keep doing.
I Now Pronounce You Happy The good news is that not every unexpected experience has been about escaping death. Instead, several have brought unexpected lessons for a happier life. Three recent lessons have proven themselves to be particularly happiness-building. I present them to you now..
Chasing a Dream My writing journey started a little over two years ago by having a willingness to publicly risk myself.  Over the last year, I've learned that achieving a dream starts with an idea, builds with a desire, increases with taking chances, and is achieved through commitment.
Fixing the Broken Mental Health System It has been said that measure of a society is its humane attention to the sick and vulnerable. When real reform, transformation, comes to mental health and addiction services we will meet that moral and ethical standard -- and we will be able to serve so many in need.
The Deadliest Threat to Success We all face things in our lives that are subtle and dangerous, and they're even more dangerous when we ignore or don't understand them. The deadliest threat to success for each of us is different, but it's there, lurking underneath the still waters of our daily lives.
Emotional Yoga 
Courting Life's Treasures Through Serendipity Conversations about serendipity, synchronicity, and chance encounters are never ending and have been going on for hundreds of years. That's because most treasures in life come in accidental occurrences.
Does the Road Make the Difference? (PHOTOS) No matter what choices life throws at you keep following your path, refuse to settle, and walk your road your way, it makes all the difference.
5 Things You Are Doing That Keep You From Feeling You Are Good Enough One of the foundational principles I use while helping my clients is identifying and owning their feelings of worthiness and being good enough about who they are and what they stand for. It is from this place of self-worth that your internal genius shows up so you can truly offer your gifts to the world.
5 Genius Inventions That Make It Possible To Nap Pretty Much Anywhere 
Being More Assertive Love does not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of; love creates healthy boundaries, knows when to say no, and is staying present to what serves our highest good and what does not. Love isn't weak or confused; love is strong and clear.
Losing a Child Without Losing Your Mind When the unthinkable happens, the first impulse is to believe that all is lost. When we lose our parents, we feel as though we've lost a big part of our past. When we lose a child -- especially our only child -- we feel as though we've lost our future.
My Battle With Depression And Anxiety Living with a chronic mental illness often feels like waiting for the other shoe to drop. I've been struggling for a while, but I'm finally coming around to admitting it. Despite seeing therapists on and off for nearly 10 years, I still find it hard to communicate how I feel. But even more difficult is being honest with myself about how I am feeling.
How Sleep Affects Morality If we want people to make carefully-considered moral choices, and if we want them to spot unethical behavior in others, then sleep needs to be a priority.
Massachusetts Ebola Scare Likely A False Alarm 
5 Boredom-Busting Treadmill Workouts Hate the dreadmill? These high-intensity interval routines will challenge your body and your brain, boosting your fitness level as the minutes fly by.
Texas Health Worker Tests Positive For Ebola 
How To Tell If Your Teen Is Stressed (And What To Do About It) When you're helping someone build resilience, you're a witness, guide, and resource while that person undergoes the struggle. What you want is for your teen to come through the academic pressure or the break up of a friendship with a stronger sense of self and belief in his or her abilities.
CONFIRMED 
12 Weird Health Tips That Really Work 
10 Foods You Might Be Eating Wrong Once you have mastered a liking for these healthier food options, the next logical step is to prepare in the best way for maximum nutrient density!
Want to Be Healthier? Get Happy First Happiness, health and success are three things most of us want. The old school of thought is if you chase success and achieve it, you will be happy (however you define it). Turns out, that's backward.
The Problem I Have With Religion 
This Is Your Brain On Email Before you contemplate moving to a farm, selling your smartphone on eBay, raising chickens and goats and cutting technology out of your life forever despite your love of selfies, WAIT -- there's a solution.
Why I Don't Need An Apple Watch Because their sole purpose is to track steps, pedometers show even the smallest changes in physical activity. You can't get distracted by other bells and whistles, so instead you'll see the difference taking the stairs instead of the elevator truly makes.
He Who Knows Domestic Abuse Knows Human Folly 
Dysfunction at Wikipedia on Homeopathic Medicine Evidence of the strong bias against homeopathy and against an objective encyclopedic tone is evident throughout the article.  I will first focus on the second sentence of the first paragraph of the article and the 6 references which purport to substantiate these claims:
Stress-Busting Yoga Moves You Can Do At Your Desk For people in certain careers, a desk is something you literally can't escape. While working at a call center, trading on a computer, or managing a welcome desk, you can't do your job unless you are planted at you desk.
5 Inspirational Songs for a 30-Minute Workout 
The Power Of Curiosity 
'Ebola Scare' Video Shows Airport Officials Aren't Taking Any Chances 
Is Ebola Scaring You? 5 Reasons You Don't Have to Worry Let's clear up one huge misconception right here
Moving Forward With Change 
Two Perspectives Both Brittany and Kara write beautiful justifications for their positions on life (and death), and I admire both women -- Brittany for taking ownership of her life and the way she wants it to end, and Kara for fighting to be present with her family and to find ultimate meaning in her suffering.
The Life-Changing Possibilities Of A Mental Health Check-Up 
Make Happiness Your Default Setting in 3 Easy Steps When you notice a positive feeling, try consciously inviting it to stay a while longer. Imagine the feeling growing and expanding. Don't force it, just allow it to stay for as long as possible.
Texas Hospital On The Defensive After Ebola Patient's Death 
Getting a Ph.D. in You! Pay attention to you. Change things that are not working for you. Have the courage to question; you will find many others that are right there with you.
5 Questions Every 10k First-Timer Asks Of course when you're new to anything, be it fitness-related or not, you're bound to have tons of questions. Aside from running-specific advice, there's nutrition, gear, and sports psychology to consider!
Parents, You Need to Help Us Manage Stress How do can adults help equip teenagers with the means to deal with the increasingly stressful situations of this day and age?
Watch 
Stuck? Don't 'Try Harder'...Do This Instead Trying too hard pushes the thing you want to achieve, further away. By forcing it and trying desperately to make it work, you cut off the flow of inspiration and energy. You allow frustration to settle in and when that happens, the fight gets harder.
The Skeptic's Guide To Meditation 
The Suicides Need to Stop! The father had no idea that evening was the last time he would hold his son, and that would be their last conversation.  He thought they had made real progress with the phone call and that his son was on the path to recovery.  But unfortunately he was wrong.
Sometimes 'No' Can Be The Best Answer To Get On Thursday I got a voicemail. It was the sweetest voice I had ever heard
The Secrets of Building Great Teams 
Pink and Beyond 
2 Strategies for Designing and Aligning With Your Dream! 
Let The Past Be Your Teacher 
My Random Lunch With My Fairy Godmother And since I know my life is pretty much in the hands of a higher power, I set intentions that these conversations and connections lead me to whoever I'd be a rockstar with.
Grit Grit is having both the passion and the perseverance to achieve a goal, and grit often predicts who achieves the highest levels of success in school and at work.
How The Discussion Of Ebola Is Spreading Online 
NY School Evacuated After 'Odorless Gas' Prompts Vomiting Among 150 Students And Teachers 
Dallas Hospitals Set Up Ebola Wards As City Watches For Spread 
Living in the Shadow of a Gun Crime Jumping at one's own shadow is a perfect metaphor for living with post-traumatic stress disorder. A darkness that sets up permanent camp in your peripheral vision and won't go away, no matter how much sage you burn, or how many gods you pray to.
The Secret Benefits of a Curious Mind In this way, the secret to making boring work memorable is to harness the students' and workers' curiosity about something they are already motivated to learn.
I Survived The effects of domestic violence last a lifetime and there is never a time that I will be completely 'over it'.  Nor will my children.  It is like a scar that is healing, but never fully healed
Breast Cancer Awareness Month Needs a Makeover Let's advocate for together for the men in our lives to begin to turn around the deadly consequences of the lack of awareness of breast cancer among men, the medical professional and the society as a whole.
Stop Exercising, Doctor's Orders! So stop exercising, and pick up a shovel to get your garden ready for next year. Hike with friends up the mountain. Dance by the seaside, and let the sound of the waves stir your heart. Soak up the clean, refreshing air, and deepen your appreciation for the gifts of the natural world.
The Secret to Living Forever 
What Motivates A Whistleblower? 
My OCD and Me To this day, I still catch myself closing the fridge door or turning off a light, and I'll pause and stare at it for a few seconds... telling myself that the door is closed or that the light is off.
A Step-By-Step Guide To Coping With Jet Lag 
Is Your Health Care on a Spiritual Path? 
Why So Many Women Are Unemployed After Recovering From Breast Cancer 
Letting Go Of 'Perfect' For A Puppy I have spent the past three years saying NO to my boyfriend, then fianc\u00e9 and now husband's \Can we please get a dog?\ I said it so many times that I just stopped saying it and created a look that communicated the same message. It was not a pleasant look.
Meet America's Newest Addiction 
Ebola Worry Grows, But Most Are Confident U.S. Can Avoid A Large Outbreak 
The Long Term Is Getting Shorter 
Do You Have the Courage to Save Your Life? Angelina Jolie Shows How You Can 
This Small School Is Making a Big Difference in the Fight Against Cardiovascular Diseases Taking on heart disease and stroke -- the leading causes of death in the world -- has become a rite of passage for kids in this Rochester suburb. \One of the first questions the incoming third grade students ask is, 'When is Jump Rope For Heart?'\
6 Decisions You'll Never Regret Making 
3 Ways to Find Forgiveness 
How to Show Up for Life Like Derek Jeter 
My Brother's Keeper I begged him to stop and kept him on the line until he promised he wouldn't do it. \I'll call you back. I love you,\ he said, hanging up. I believed him. When I learned that he had died, the call haunted me.
Ebola, Malaria and Our Empathy Deficit US-based organizations are strapping up and wading through the worst Ebola-stricken areas for the noble sake of ending its devastating impact on humanity. Or is it for the sake of protecting ourselves? Does intent even matter?
5 Myths About Domestic Violence To be sure, many men who hit or emotionally abuse their partners were themselves abused as kids, but many men have also risen above their brutal childhoods and broken that cycle.  Being abused doesn't automatically make you an abuser.
4 Practical Steps for Changing Mental Habits At times we can find these patterns to be somewhat unproductive and, at others, wholly destructive. When confronted with either circumstance, we are also provided with an invitation to change.
I'm a Recovering Burnout I was broke -- financially, emotionally and mentally. I kept on running though because I wasn't able to cover my own bills. I thought if I just kept on going, things would change.
Why Meditation Will Change Your Life 
8 Healthy Foods That Aren't Always Good For You There are a TON of foods out there that somehow have earned the moniker of \healthy\ foods. Now, with some of these, sure, there's plenty of nutritional value, but that doesn't make them a \freebie.\
How To Finally Stop Chasing Perfectionism Perfectionism is rigid. Surrender and acceptance are flexible. Flexibility is a portal into flow. Flow is where the beauty of this life resides.
The Vicious Cycle Of Stress, Insomnia And Depression There's increasing real evidence -- not just anecdotal -- for the bio-psychosocial relationship between stress, insomnia and depression, and the recurring, circular nature of these three unhealthy and unhappy states of mind and body.
How We Slept Through A Nightmare 
These Workouts Are More Effective Than Running Running has become the unofficial go-to cardio workout. With so many benefits, there couldn't possibly be a better workout out there, right? Well, there just might be a more effective workout for you.
Dallas Officials Search For Man To Monitor Him For Signs Of Ebola 
Dallas Ebola Patient Not Receiving Experimental Treatment Right Now, CDC Says 
What Scientists Have Learned From the Biggest Study On The Genetics Of Height 
Rick Sacra, Doctor Who Recovered From Ebola, Hospitalized Over Respiratory Illness 
Texas Ebola Patient 'Fighting For His Life' 
What Is Mindfulness? 10 Answers From 10 Teachers Sometimes I think there are as many ways of describing mindfulness as there are brands of shampoo. This can be confusing. So we asked many of the experts we interviewed to put it in their own words. Here is what they told us.
The Top 10 Workout Songs For October On the whole, Top 40 tracks dominate this month's list. But, there should also be enough alternate versions -- plus some crossover hits from upstarts like Kongos and Echosmith -- to keep things interesting.
Why Sharing Your Dreams Is So Important No matter what time period or geographical location we are talking about, if people always knew what their dreams meant, without having to consult anyone else, there might not be as much potential for healing to occur by working with dreams socially. Could one of the social purposes of dreaming be to bring people together?
Dallas Hospital Backpedals On Explanation For Release Of Ebola Patient 
Quarantined Family Of Dallas Ebola Patient Finally Moved Out Of Home 
4 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Honey 
CDC Keeps Passengers On Plane At Newark Airport After Man Shows Ebola-Like Symptoms 
CDC And Dallas Health Officials Now Monitoring 50 People Who May Be At Risk For Ebola 
The Entire United States Is Going on the Wagon for #14Days Starting Monday Spread the word, challenge your friends and family to go on the wagon for #14DAYS and be in solidarity with those of us who walk this path perhaps first out of necessity, but then hopefully out of love.
Pouring Salt on the Wound The risk features involve power, privilege and prestige, the value placed on group membership, the prioritization of group loyalty, the impulse to protect an image, and an institutional sense of righteousness and entitlement.
Our Digital Device Addiction Is Causing A 'National Attention Deficit' 
The Legacy of Community 
Learning Right Gives You Might Your thoughts and emotions served you naturally and effortlessly. Suddenly there was an explosion of emotional understanding that lasts for a lifetime. The person who understands this secret lives his whole life with a youthful mind.
Mercury Retrograde Horoscopes Ready or not
'Sitting Duck' -- The Poem and the Backstory 
Anorexia, Anxiety And Learning To Let Go It's hard to own up to this stuff, but I want to make the point that having an eating disorder isn't some sort of win. It's isolating, exhausting -- they screw you physically and emotionally, and they siphon the joy out of life. And the joy out of the people closest to you. They suck.
5 Mindful Ways To Start Your Day Here are some ways to start each day with a step toward mindful living. These are methods I put into practice in my own life and methods I have recommended to others over the years as a parenting and human behavior expert.
The Surprising Downside Of Looking On The Bright Side 
5 Easy Moves To Increase Energy And Focus At Work A few minutes of movement can work wonders for your body and mind. You do not have to change into your gym clothes and sweat it out. You don't even have to lay on a mat.
How Authorities Are Bracing For The Next Ebola 
Health Care Warranties 
To Hope Again 
5 Things You Need to Stop Telling Yourself if You Want to Be Happy Believe in yourself, and you will find happiness. Don't listen to the haters or those that will try to hold you back in life. Stop letting self-limiting beliefs win -- they have won for far too long!
Swimming in the Hudson This is the 21st century. We need to apply our preventive focus to more than assuring we can swim in waters like the Hudson without it being a threat to our lives. We need this river to become a symbol of how we ended drowning and suicides, not a tragic reminder of the failure of prevention.
The Doctor Is In, But I'm Out... of My Mind (With WORRY) 
The 2-Minute Warm-Up That Primes Every Muscle 
Pre- and Post-Race Beauty Tips From Women's Health Magazine You might be thinking that it's silly to worry about your looks when you're running a race, but keeping your beauty routine in mind pre and post run can be healthier and beneficial in the long term (and, of course, help you look gorgeous in those post-race photo ops). Here's what you need to know.
Top 10 Nutrition Tips for Training A big part of this running thing is mental, so be confident in the foods you use to fuel your feet. Stop thinking \diet\ and start thinking \nutrition.\ You can certainly try someone else's running meal plan that appeals to you, but empower yourself to make it your own.
9 Sleep Mistakes We're STILL Making 
How To Tell If You're Really An Introvert Or An Extrovert It is easy to talk about introverts and extroverts as if there is a clear divide between two groups of people. It is easy to take a test and pigeonhole ourselves as one or the other. In reality, we ignore the power of the situation.
5 Training Tips for First-Time 10K Runners 6.2 miles is not so far that it intimidates new runners, but it's far enough to qualify as a worthy goal -- whether you're a newbie or seasoned pro. If you relate more with the former, fear not. With the right training plan and mindset, you'll arrive at the starting line prepped, ready, and injury-free.
U.S. Ebola Patient In 'Serious Condition' 
Health Experts In Dallas Review Potential Ebola Exposure 
The Sunday Series, (The Lucky One), with Mark Brodinsky The courage to move forward. A dedication which inspires us all. The hope for a better tomorrow. September marks National Childhood Cancer Awareness Month and today the story of one young lady who is finding her way out of the darkness.
New Cancer Drugs Have Fewer Side Effects -- But Worryingly High Price Tags 
4 Ways to Support Farm-to-School Policies 
Red Sox First Baseman Will Be Treated For This Sleep Disorder 
I Love Yoga (Pants) I could have walked out of that yoga class and never gone back. I could have continued on my path of embracing all things yoga except the actual practice of yoga, but instead I am sitting with my discomfort (and intermittent embarrassment), and letting my Chakras evolve at their own pace.
My Imperfect Journey My fight continues. I will earn my happiness. I will earn my body. One victory at a time. I don't have it all figured out and probably never will. My journey is imperfect, and that's the beauty of it. I'm just like every other woman out there trying to lose weight. I'm perfectly imperfect.
How Distancing Yourself Can Actually Help A Relationship We tend to encase ourselves within a narrow perspective, a limited vision, of ourselves in life situations. Being able to step \outside\ of ourselves expands our view of what we're capable of.
Torrey Lost 85 Pounds 
Ebola In Sierra Leone 
10 Things This Couple Learned When They Ditched Their Corporate Jobs For The Jungle 
Flying Trapeze Will Make You Want To Quit Your Job And Join The Circus Thanks to those sturdy harnesses, the instructors were able to alleviate some of our body weight just by holding onto our safety ropes, leaving the bulk of the work on me to perform the motions rather than hold myself up on the bar -- honestly, it was much easier than it looks.
Linking Domestic Violence and Chronic Disease Physical or sexual abuse, verbal abuse, nonverbal intimidation, financial exploitation and neglect can end up, directly or indirectly, causing a chronic disease.  Addressing the full implications of domestic violence may prevent or lower that risk, ultimately saving money, time and, most importantly, lives.
5 Steps to Get Off Your Asthma Inhaler 
People Wake Up The Happiest In LA And The Grumpiest In Chicago 
Depression Is My Profession Without question, my work is challenging. The time I spend with my patients, however, inspires me daily by giving meaning to my life as we work together to overcome adversity. And I hope I in turn am bringing meaning to the lives of others.
Time for a New Business Focus in Medicine 
Ebola and Life-Threatening Diseases If a condition, even Ebola, threatens your life, be courageous, be informed, and be prepared to make a decision that could help you survive.
5 Signs Your Hormones Are Out Of Whack 
5 Actions To Take To Get To The Life Of Your Dreams I happen to believe that you can live a \fairy tale\ life, but I prefer not to use the term \fairy tale.\ I think it implies that something is unattainable through normal channels. On the other hand, I believe it is perfectly possible to live a dream life.
6 Tips For Healthier Tailgating Unfortunately, a day of overeating is typically followed by setbacks such as fatigue, headaches, and lack of energy.  This can be attributed to processed foods and beverages that contain high amounts of sugar and sodium.
Moves Guaranteed to Get You Your Best Butt Ever The butt is a powerful tool. The muscles in our backsides help with everything from climbing stairs to running marathons and that's just the beginning.
How To Get Out Of An Exercise Rut No one jumps out of bed in the morning, throws off the covers, and dashes off with excitement to do something they dread.
9 Powerful Steps To Manage Difficult Conversations Like a Pro So instead of avoiding difficult conversations, it's time to start confronting people in a constructive way. In this article I'll show you exactly how to do that.
Arianna And Kobe Bryant Talk Success And Sleep 
15 Surefire Ways To Brighten Your Mood Whether you are starting off for the first time away from home, parents facing an empty nest this fall, or just looking for new ways to cope with stress, these tips are for you! So how can you re-regulate when you're feeling lonely, cranky, or down in the dumps?
Lose the Last 10 Pounds Whether you're determined to finally reach the goal weight you set out to achieve several months back, or a lapse in your regular healthy habits led you to gain a few extra pounds, getting rid of that bit of extra body fat can be quite challenging.
How To Fight Jet Lag Light is one of the biggest influences on your body's natural clock, so use natural light and sunshades to your advantage. Regulating light exposure can help you feel better and adjust faster. But it's not as simple as being in the light during the day and in the dark at night, at least not initially. You need to know your east from your west.
Why You Should Let Your Friends Order Your Food 
The Link Between Multitasking And Brain Size 
'Ebola Is A Shadow, An Inescapable Shadow -- And It Doesn't Seem To Move' 
10 Tips For Being A Better Running Teammate Running has traditionally been a pretty solo sport. When racing, its typical to leave friends at the start line and pound the pavement alone until reconnecting in the finisher's area. However, relays have been gaining popularity over the past several years and are turning running into more of a team endeavor than ever before.
Nearly 40,000 Pounds Of Chicken Recalled Due To Listeria Contamination 
Why Those Rumors About Ditching Your Bike Helmet Just Aren't True 
23,000 Pounds of Beef Trimmings Recalled Over Possible E. Coli Contamination 
Look Out Mediterranean Countries, the Northerners Are Stealing Your Healthy Diet The Mediterranean countries have the highest childhood overweight and obesity prevalence in Europe and the recent economic crisis can only exacerbate the situation, due to the known link between overweight and a lower socio-economic status.
Nearly 2 Million Americans Have Chlamydia, Estimates Show 
Study Identifies Effective Treatment For Social Anxiety Disorder 
Mass Dog Vaccination Could Eliminate Rabies Globally 
What Does Sleep Have To Do With Weight? In the beginning, I worked as a personal trainer. Despite following the rules, many of my clients couldn't ditch that stubborn weight. I knew these people weren't cheating, so I began to wonder why those rules weren't working.
Why I Bury My Cellphone In A Drawer At Night Don't get me wrong
Third American Infected With Ebola Released From Hospital 
The Best Thing You Can Do For Yourself This may sound extremely contradictory, but when you find yourself crazed, anxious, stressed, and just a tad (okay, maybe insanely) overwhelmed, one of the best things you can do for yourself is slow down.
3 Roads to Joy If you believe the idea of life being joy-centered is a falsehood, you have bought the snake oil of disillusionment, and you are probably still taking a tablespoonful of its bitterness every morning. My recommendation is to skip a day, open up to the possibility of joy, and see how you feel.
Myth The amount of time that we spend in the early stages of this process and the slope of the learning curve has to do with our willingness and ability to learn the lessons that relationships are continually providing us with.
What's Half of $33.35? Why are some people cheap? It's definitely not a gender thing. I've known incredibly cheap men and extraordinarily generous women. And the other way around. I just had coffee with a female colleague and when the bill came she said, \Oh, let's just split this. What's half of $33.35?\
5 Surprising Facts That Will Finally Convince You To Give Up Soda Our love affair with soda is slowly changing from infatuation to a love/hate relationship. We know it isn't good for us, we know that diet soda has its own dangers -- but it's hard to put down. Maybe these surprising facts will help you cut the cola cord once and for all.
5 Tips To Cure The Blues And Feel Happy Again So you're cranky. You don't know why exactly, but you're running on a short fuse. We all have those days -- days when we're worried, stressed out or angry. I definitely know those days! The below five steps are methods I've used get out of a funk, and they may help you as well.
Diabetes Rate In The U.S. May Be Leveling Off 
What Does It Mean to Live Big? You are a student whether you recognize it or not. Learning goes far beyond formal education and as adults we continue to soak up information in all avenues of life. People who live big are careful and conscious about choosing the sources of their information.
The F-Words 
Lessons From Your Future Self My future self will have things to tell the present me. Now these aren't going to be the Top Five Regrets of the Dying, because I won't be dying, I will be living a meaningful and fulfilled life. Here is what my experienced, love-filled, wisdom-full self would tell me...
Autumn Is Here! Keep Cozy With Nutritious Comfort Foods Cooler weather certainly stirs the craving for warmer foods. And isn't it funny that warmer foods conjure up steaming mashed potatoes, cheesy macaroni, and not necessarily a bowl of steamed carrots?
The 'Diabetical' I have loved the term \diabetical\ since the matriarch of Tyler Perry's Madea movie franchise first coined the phrase. The term masterfully highlights the diabolical nature of the disease, which has now become a worldwide public health crisis.
The Middle Way Imagine a seesaw.  When one side becomes too heavy, it means the other side is not heavy enough.  In other words, by becoming too extreme in one area of our lives, we are surely neglecting something else.
A Cape for Courage If we want to slay this beast of a public health emergency, we cannot let suicide, depression, and other brain health challenges hide behind closed doors. Our only choice is to continue to build dialogue, so that we may break down the lethal secrecy and shame that surround these issues.
The Future of Getting Lost As controllers of technology, individually and collectively, we must balance technological connection with disconnection, have the discipline to lose ourselves in our unconscious minds, and have the focus to listen to our souls.
Living Yoga Off the Mat I have taught the asanas of yoga for 13 years. Yoga and I have had a tumultuous relationship. At one point, I even thought we'd have to break up. But somehow we managed to not quit one another and now our connection is deeper than I could have ever imagined. I learn from it every time I step on the mat and every time I apply it off the mat.
Seeking The Sweet Spot, From Mouth To Microbiome A study out last week in the top-tier journal Nature told us that non-caloric artificial sweeteners (NAS) may contribute to glucose intolerance by mucking up our microbiomes. That's a serious indictment, since these products are intended to help defend against glucose intolerance, and other ills related to diabetes risk and weight gain.
The Best Office Stretch For Tight Hips 
Your Child's Packed Lunch May Be Less Nutritious Than You Thought 
Is Your Success Right in Front of You? Lily vs. the Squirrel 
How to Break Patterns in Relationships After you've gone within and connected to your guidance and answers you can move out into your life and relationships, with heart-centered conversations and make decisions that empower you.
5 Training Tips For The Last-Minute Runner If you fell off the training wagon this summer, don't fret, there is still hope for a great race day! As long as you have a reasonable foundation of fitness, you can prepare for a race in about a month's time -- and steer clear of injury in the process.
How To Tackle Life's Little Frustrations Know that life will hand you a stink every once in a while. Accept and feel your stink. Respond to it and remember it. And know that life's stinks are just part of the game. And you can handle it just fine.
6 Reasons To Start Working Out Outside 
How Your Sleep Changes With The Moon So, there's no scientific consensus about how the phases of the moon might affect our sleeping lives. One thing is more certain
What It Means To Find Purpose Do you have a purpose-driven life?  Or are you among the multitude of regular Joe's who have not identified or achieved their purpose? Because you are living without or in search of purpose, you are therefore inferior to those who are driven toward some great plan. Right?
8 Great Reasons To Get More Sleep -- Starting Tonight 
Why Those Who Embrace Leisure Get More Done I believe people when they tell me their lives are unmanageably busy. But I also have seen that what people believe about leisure and relaxation has a far greater impact on their well-being than a packed calendar alone.
10 Things Not To Do Before Your Next Race 
How A New App Is Giving 'Sight' To The Blind 
Why We're Afraid to Have What We Want (And What We Can Do About It) You are not alone on this journey of amazing living and claiming the fullness of your life experience. We are all in this together, and together we can bust through these self-imposed limitations and glass ceilings, and step further into the light of who we really are.
Goodbyes, Mostly, These Days 
The Process of Being Happy What type of person do you want to be? The one that is happy and has a blast during the process of attaining a goal, or the one that can only be happy until a desired outcome has arrived.
WATCH 
BKS Iyengar in Disneyland 
Dare to Be 100 
'What a Long, Strange Trip It's Been' 
What's Damaging About Fat-Shaming Seemingly, progress is being made toward a world where, legally and socially, it's understood that all people have a right to be respected. Except, perhaps, those who are overweight. Sadly there are still many people who make fun of, shame or otherwise mistreat others who weigh more than they do.
The Best Way To Prepare Fish For The Biggest Brain Benefits 
Get Up, Stand Up 
Why Do People Develop Anxiety and Depression Problems? When we attempt to divorce ourselves from pain, we end up feeling nothing pleasurable or meaningful at all. When we better understand, tolerate, and harness distressing thoughts and feelings, and become aware of the situations when they are helpful, we become empowered.
I'm the Crystal (And So Are You) I'm the crystal/ I'm the light/ Inextinguishable and bright
A Different Take on Integrity If you don't know what you're talking about, stop talking.  In the silence that ensues, you just might hear something real, beautiful, and true.
Top 6 Components to Achieving 'Ripped Abs' in the Real World Somewhere along the line. like many concepts in the fitness and wellness industry, what it actually takes to achieve what we call \ripped abs\ has been somewhat distorted. What we're really talking about here is getting your body to a state of leanness where then you actually see the definition of your abdominal musculature.
Five Life Lessons From Five Convicted Felons Five convicted felons I met served their time and are not now out of prison. After being released, they ended up in very different life situations, ranging from bright to bleak. Regardless of your situation, these five lessons can make the difference between a promising or a bleak future.
How Boredom Can Lead To Failure New research is demonstrating that our ability to succeed at a task may well depend on how exciting and valuable we expect that task to be.
This 1800s Cardio Machine Looks Surprisingly Familiar 
Is It Bad To Wear A Bra To Sleep? 
Multi-institutional Collaborative Clinical Trial to Examine Health Benefits of Integrative Lifestyle Practices at the Chopra Center for Wellbeing 
7 Things To Remember When You're Following Your Dreams Transitioning from your present reality, toward that dream, is much like moving into your dream house -- packing and sorting through junk isn't easy, but necessary.
The Routine Mental Health Screening That Could Save Your Life Depression is a disease, not a weakness, and suicide is its tragic consequence. By taking a few simple steps, primary care providers can better identify depression and ensure that patients receive needed treatment.
Give Me Spots on My Apples Images of flawless apples seem to be an iconic representation of the fall season. They illustrate the ushering in of colder weather, the new school year, and the changing season.
How to Give Up Giving Up 
Ebola Highly Unlikely To Become Airborne, Top Scientist Says 
My Wakeup Call From Arianna Huffington I don't want money in the bank, power or fame to determine my success, but the ability to wake up feeling fresh, and to genuinely smile each day to focus on my direction with clarity.
First Volunteer Receives Potential Ebola Vaccine In Safety Trial 
What To Say, Where To Get Help And Other Things You Should Know About Suicide Prevention 
What You Won't See in the Media Coverage of a New Weight-Loss Drug This week, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration made headlines for its approval of another obesity drug. News outlets worked hard to translate the meaning of this story, but they left out something important
Can the War on Cancer Be Won? A Surprising Answer I like to talk to patients and ask them how best to explain complicated medical information, so that every individual can have the information he or she needs to make the best decisions for him -- or herself.
Joan Rivers and Chelsea Handler 
Love Begets Love In order to make others love you, you've got to love yourself. In order to make others appreciate you, you've got to appreciate yourself. Every change starts from within, why not start with adding some love for yourself. Love begets love.
The Risky Business Of Risky Drinking Suicide is never an easy thing to talk about, to prevent, or to understand. But recognizing the risk factors is an important step. During this year's observance of Suicide Prevention Month, we should work to draw more attention to the link between suicide and alcohol, in all its facets.
6 Causes Of Cancer That Can Be Prevented 
Insight Into the Mind of Someone Suffering From Addiction I thought about throwing the note away, but part of me said to keep it -- not so I can dwell on the past, but so I can have another reminder of how far we've come.
Why It's Worth Learning to Manage Your Face If you're not sure what your face is saying ask the people around you.  If you don't like what you hear, it's worth a little practice time in front of the mirror to change things.  Your face communicates your feelings, make sure it's saying something accurate.
Insanity Pain 
4 Warning Signs That You're Burning the Candle at Both Ends But stress and exhaustion crept in and hit me like a ton of bricks. It literally felt that way. For the rest of that day I lay in bed scared, drained and weak thinking to myself, \What if this had happened when I was driving? Or going down the stairs?\
Your Greatest Barrier to Attracting Love We spend years running from the unlovable parts of ourselves. But if we learn to confront them and embrace them, enormous shifts can happen -- and very quickly.
Revolutionary Way to Be Healthy, #4 I am convinced that one of the healthiest and most revolutionary things we can do is simply find something right about ourselves, and celebrate that. Here are a few ways you can begin getting some more celebration-worthy encouragement now.
3 Ways You're Wasting Money On Your Workouts 
Why You Should Get Help For Your Fears and Anxieties Remember that you are the person who is suffering and not your friends and family. Don't let the opinions of your peers prevent you from getting your life back. Your health is the most important thing and must be your number one priority. Do what is best for you.
The Dichotomy of Faith The situation we may be facing now is scary, but it is also triggering all the other times in our life where we felt scared, abandoned, betrayed or whatever else is coming up for us. That emotion has to get out. It wants to get out!  Let it out.
Evidence Mounts Supporting Medicare Coverage of Lung Cancer Screening What kind of public health policy would cover screening for someone considered at-risk before the age of 65 and discontinue it after that age when the risk actually increased?
A Life Almost Taken Despite my best attempts to end my life, my medical team and my family eventually helped me to rebuild it.  I ended up being quite fortunate.  Many of my strange inclinations went away with time.  Bit by bit, everything started to feel natural once again.  I resumed most of my previous habits.  I reconnected emotionally with my loved ones. I lived.
After Years Of Healing, Lisa Visited The Place She Almost Committed Suicide 
'Growing Into Grace' Now, I've found grace in helping others by sharing my story, hopefully showing that you can bring meaning and purpose to tragedy.  The grace of helping others is far greater than the suffering I once endured.
Evolve to Dissolve Consciousness has always been tricky to decode. None of us have ever seen consciousness but we know it exists inside each of us. When our attention is drawn towards evolving, our inner capacity of thinking on a more subtle and gentle level amplifies.
Experiencing the Beyond \Exploring the explorer\ is critical. Diving deep into our own consciousness and fathoming the essence of our own nature is where meditation can succeed in ways that other journeys can only hint at.  The key is in the process of transcending.
3 Tips For Maintaining Zen While You Travel Each time I glance at this little mini-altar I am reminded to pause for a moment, take a deep breath and go within for just a few seconds. These tiny breaks bring me back to my center and restore my conscious awareness to a higher perspective in an instant.
10 Mistakes That Make Cravings Worse 
6 Ways Sleep Makes Your Life Better 
Health Officials Warn Of Possible Measles Exposure At Seattle Airport 
The Worst Jobs For Your Health 
What To Say To Someone Who Is Grieving The social behavior researcher Bren\u00e9 Brown writes that to be fully human, we must be willing to show our vulnerable side to others. The best way to do that with a bereaved friend is to admit the obvious
5 Moves For Stronger Legs -- No Equipment Necessary This workout routine helped to keep me energized throughout the day, strengthened and toned my legs and made me feel much better about myself when I got back to town. It also curbed my cravings and helped me make better food choices.
5 Rules For Cell Phone Etiquette These simple suggestions can quickly become a healthy habit and you will find yourself in better spirits and more enlightened in your exchanges.  You will also be spared anger from people who don't appreciate your intrusion.
Everything You Need To Know Before You Try Trail Running It's fall, the light is pretty, and the air is crisp -- a perfect cocktail for exploring woods or hills. But remember, this isn't like pavement. Before you head out, heed these expert tips to avoid injury and fatigue.
30-Day Challenge to Change the World -- Beginning Right Now We all have the capacity to make the world a more loving, abundant place. And it needn't be heavy or hard, it can be simple and yet profoundly transformative. Try it out and see for yourself!
5 Steps to Get You From Shy to Sociable You want to make a change, but don't know how to do it. You want to reach out and expand your social circle, but are worried about the comments from the people you're typically around and can't begin to imagine how to get started anyway.
Why Do We Worry? 
How Is Yoga Beneficial to People on a Path of Recovery From Addiction? 
Rewirement -- As Good As It Gets! Finding ways for these Rewired \experts\ to share their wisdom, and all the great insights they'd discovered during their lifetimes -- especially with young people, who so badly needed good role models, made so much sense, and still does.
Let's Ban The Phrase 'Studies Show' From Medical Lingo If we've read evidence supporting our management decisions, let's own it by truly referring to the literature. But if we are only vaguely aware of research that supports a questioned decision, without first taking time to read the evidence and/or supporting editorials and guidelines, let us not sugarcoat our lack of due diligence.
Is FOWOT Controlling Your Life? How many times have you felt silly, humiliated, shamed, embarrassed or shy? Have you ever wondered what causes those feelings? Ever really delved into their source? I hate to burst any bubbles out there, but no one else is thinking about you. They are too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
Change Your Diet With the Seasons Many of us, especially athletes, have our staple meals and snacks that we turn to on a daily basis to fuel us through exercise and the day-to-day grind. Keeping meals and snacks consistent is a good way to stabilize energy levels and maintain digestion, but as the seasons change so does the temperature and availability of many foods, likes fruits and vegetables.
Insensitive Comments About Mental Illness You never know what another person is going through. I do recognize that sometimes the comments are very well meaning. And let's be honest, it is hard to know what to say all the time. Sometimes you don't need to say anything. Your presence can be enough.
A 9/11 Story 9/11, a massive wakeup call for our whole country, was also a strong reminder for me as a physician. It reminded me to not assume anything about my patients, and that a person's life story is as important as their symptoms in determining what will happen with their illness.
Behind Elevator Doors We should acknowledge that the movement to end violence against women and domestic violence was championed and led by women. The news this week brings a reminder that it's time for men, all men, to be a part of the solution.
'Fat Shaming' Linked To Weight Gain 
Fact or Fiction? Identifying Reliable Integrative Medicine Resources 
The Kids Will Be Alright 
Dealing With Mental Health And Preventing Suicide On College Campuses Suicide is now the second leading cause of death among people aged 15 to 34 in the U.S. While we still struggle with predicting and preventing suicide in individuals, we know that there are many steps we can take to lower risk of suicide across communities.
Yet Another Way Getting Too Little Sleep Affects Your Job Performance 
Can Social Media Help Promote Mental Health And Prevent Suicide? On Sept. 10, World Suicide Prevention Day, we should acknowledge the good work and social responsibility of Facebook and Instagram and recognize one of the underlying messages of social media
Love Is Humble I listened to her say that in approximately two-to-four weeks those leukemia cells would multiply ferociously and overtake Dan's bloodstream. I asked her a question to which I already knew the answer. I processed her grim response. Dan was dying.
We Can Prevent Suicide What can you do to prevent suicide? You can read about the warning signs for suicide and how to help someone. Another thing you can do is make a 15- to 30-second video, like the one included here.
This is a Love Story 
Killer Asbestos 
A Painful Wakeup Call Taught This Wall Street Overachiever 'You Don't Have To Kill Yourself To Prove Yourself' 
The Key To Experiencing Freedom From Fear 
WATCH 
HOW to Eat Well To get to the relevance of \how,\ we must overcome the spurious debates about \what.\ You certainly can't get there from here if you can't acknowledge where \there\ is. We do know, but our culture needs to admit that we know. The profitable market for pixie dust needs to disappear.
Learning to Let Yourself Fear We often forget that fear and panic are not the same things; one is necessary to stay alive, and the other is not. Panic is actually dangerous, putting a person in a state of complete chaos, removing the ability to make sound life-saving decisions.
A New Thought While this willingness to stay in the unknown long enough for a new thought to appear is certainly one of the keys to teaching excellence, it is much more than that -- it is also the secret behind both personal and professional transformation.
Stress-Free Is As Near to You As Your Own Thoughts If you take a close look at stress over the course of a busy week, you're likely to discover that stress is happening in you far more than it's happening to you. It has more to do with the anxious way you relate to people and events than with the events themselves.
Why Your Brain Can't Tell the Difference Between Good Habits and Bad Habits 
FACE IT In the end, it's not about denial or even weighing the risks against the consequences. It's about confronting these things head on when they happen and hopefully finding a way to get past the hurt, the anger, the denial.
How A Digital Communication Company Is Helping Health Organizations Reach The People Who Matter You may have an important health message, but if you're not reaching the right audience for that message, it may as well all be for naught. That's why it's important to identify the \conversation catalysts\ -- the people who are influential, or connected, enough to get a message across -- so that important missions, like preventing suicide among college students, can be effective.
Possible Ebola Case Investigated In Italy 
Fourth Ebola Patient To Arrive In U.S. For Treatment 
Follow Your Bliss 
20 Years After Big Tobacco, Is It Time for 'Big Pain'? It's long been said that trends start in California.  With one eye on the balance sheet and one on the  legal history books, five of the world's largest drug manufacturers are probably hoping that's not true.
Father Knows Best Obamacare should serve us well for a generation or so, bringing everyone up to speed on individual responsibility and providing a safety net for millions. But, like Prohibition, the gatekeeping model may turn out to be too paternalistic for the public in the long run.
The Dangerous Way Many People Deal With Their Health 
Depression Remember from the day we're born until the day we're buried, we don't do anything alone.  Therefore, don't be afraid to disclose your struggles and ask for help.  Being vulnerable to share your challenges isn't a weakness, but instead a strength. The challenge many times is convincing yourself otherwise.
How Mobile Health Can Impact The Way We Communicate -- For The Better Mobile health (m-health) apps are everywhere these days, providing a whole gamut of services targeted at both patients and care providers. But what about communication between those two entities?
8:00 
U.S. Doctor With Ebola Showing Signs Of Improvement 
Is It True You Can Never Be Too Thin? NO! We are born into this world knowing we and our body are the right size.  Hating ourselves and our body are learned behaviors, as is the idea that \you can never be too thin.\
5 Possible Explanations For Why We Need Sleep 
Finding Comfort in the Wake of 9/11 
Permission and Prohibition Re-examining our behaviors regarding permission and prohibitions in the realm of body, mind (belief systems), feelings and socio-cultural practices can be beneficial to our health and well-being.
A Peek At Stream Health What happens when you put health policy experts, deans of medical schools, pharmaceutical executives, heads of electronic medical record companies and tech entrepreneurs together in a room? Hopefully, some solutions to the biggest challenges in health care.
This 10-Step Routine Will Be Your New Favorite Workout The program goes like this.  There are 10 exercises.  You will perform 10 reps for each exercise, rotate through all 10 exercises once, and then repeat the circuit five times until you finished your Another 500 program.
How to Master the 5 Stages of Life Although certain phases pass more smoothly than others, recognizing the tides of life grants us the inner fortitude to confront our circumstances with awareness and acceptance. After all, hope is a simple reminder that momentary sorrow is a prelude to lasting joy.
How to Use Distractions to Help Your Meditation Having good concentration is a vital skill, but having good meta-attention will revolutionize your practice. That's because as far as meta-attention is concerned, there are no distractions.
Want to Know the 3 Secrets to Staying Healthy? I'm suggesting that we resist the temptation to set ridiculously high standards for ourselves when we periodically get disgusted with ourselves and focus on healthy behaviors.
Quit Turning Your Food Rules Up to 11 What you need is a middle ground. It's really okay to have a green smoothie for breakfast but at lunch eat a giant meat sandwich. Or once in a while you can have a piece of cheesecake for dinner and still be totally okay with it and still love yourself.
Experimental Ebola Vaccine Protects Monkeys For 10 Months 
3 Types Of Negativity That Block Success When we feel inadequate, it can be a lot easier to tear someone else down to our level than to acknowledge our own insecurities and figure out how to move forward.
Part I In part one of our follow-up series on thalidomide, we focus on the pseudo \clinical trials\ and gross negligence of Richardson-Merrell, which distributed thalidomide to 1,267 U.S. physicians.
10 Apps Top Trainers Swear By Feel like you need a translator to make sense of the App Library? We removed the guesswork by asking trainers for their favorites in the health and fitness category so you don't have to play detective.
Why Using Your Smartphone At Night Is Destroying Your Sleep 
Is Low-Carb Really King of Weight Loss? As it turns out, the study doesn't\u00a0actually prove that low-carb diets lead to greater weight loss compared to low-fat diets. Instead, it shows consuming fewer carbohydrates may increase protein consumption, and something about that combination seems to enhance weight loss -- however, the cause is not yet clear.
Food Fantasies Can Be Fattening 
Grief Isn't for the Faint of Heart 
WATCH 
Life Lessons From Burning Man I don't plan to start burning my possessions or deconstructing my very home anytime soon. However, I do plan to practice the art of releasing my attachments when the time has come to move on.
4 Reasons Good Manners Need To Make A Comeback 
Why You Shouldn't Watch The ISIS Beheadings 
Joan Rivers, Grieving and Laughter 
Mindfulness, My Parents and the Connections That Matter For myself, I can say I have been influenced not only by my religious beliefs, but also by my experience with mindfulness. I practice mindfulness in short bursts throughout the day, and also meditate during formal sittings.
How Prayer and Meditation Changed My Life I learned that spirituality can be a very enjoyable experience. Spirituality is not something that we do. Spirituality is a way of being that comes from living a heart-centered and soul-liberated life. So I decided to make prayer and meditation a normal part of my daily life.
Interview with Sonia Choquette, Spiritual Teacher on Intuition 
Missionary Doctor With Ebola To Receive Treatment In Nebraska 
Back On Track After the Summer The first crisp hint of a chill in the air always shakes me out of my summer lethargy, wakes me, makes me more alert. It focuses and concentrates my attention. I can smell the possibilities of a fresh start in the air.
What to Know Regarding Current Treatments for Ebola After more than a decade of vigorous research into the deadly Ebola virus, a handful of potential treatment therapies appear to finally be on the horizon.
Smoking Banned In More Than 8 In 10 Homes 
The Secret Lives Of Patients My recent experience taught me that doctor and patient are two sides of the same coin -- and it's a toss up, literally, which side we are on. Every day.
From Stress to Spiritual Growth I personally came to experience at least some measure of inner peace. As a so-called stress management expert, I admit I haven't done much for myself in the area of spiritual growth. And I liked the idea of going to this conference because it was addressing the mind, body and spirit.
7 Things Powerful People Don't Do Powerful people live in a healthy way and courageously embrace challenges. They connect the dots of life to bring together purpose, partnership, and power to inspire others. Check out these things that powerful people don't do so that you can become even more powerful.
Asthma and Exercise Talk to your doctor, listen to your body, Start gently and build up. Stay in your comfort zone. Take precautions, get fit and live well.
Fethullah Gulen's Maxim Gulen places a great importance on the interdependence of individuals, communities, nations and systems on one another. Each fundamental unit within any system plays a role and has an inexplicable effect -- small or great -- on every other unit within such a system.
This Woman Lost Her Husband To Suicide. Here's The Message She Wants To Share 
On Being a Remainder The experience of being a remainder is central to bereavement. A person left behind by the death of a loved one is often called the survivor, but remainder better captures the emotional experience.
My AA Sponsee Died Of An Overdose Not everyone I reach out to will stay sober, and some might never come back. But the moment with Kelly's family at her wake renewed my determination to keep being there, as much as I can, for anyone who asks for my help.
Are You Bored? Dull moments in our days are inevitable, but we have a choice of how we will respond to them. Are we medicating with technology or are we noticing the experience?  Numbing out or building coping skills? Avoiding the uncomfortable feelings or reconstructing our days to be less boring?
Introducing 'Love Day' Wouldn't it be great if there really were an official \Love Day,\ but in a way, I prefer it being something we decide to do. We can have as many love days as we want. Imagine that -- each day devoted to feeling good. You might find yourself not wanting to settle for anything less!
How Realizing Her Bipolar Was A Medical Condition -- And Not A Spiritual Failing -- Helped This Woman Heal 
The Perfect Workout Warm-Up If You Work At A Desk 
Take It From NFL Commissioner The really super part is how Hunter keeps finding ways to embody everything PLAY 60 represents. Not only does he insist on being as active as his body can tolerate, he also continues to encourage others to get moving and watch what they eat.
Arrivals, Departures and Everything In-Between 
Emotional Constipation As adults do we just become emotionally constipated, is it an age-related characteristic? Do we lock up our insecurities and joys because we fear what people will think? Aside from all the other physical changes that we deal with, do we become more protective of our feelings?
Take the Perspective of Your Clothes 
Two Williams Suicides I have had relationships with two men with the surname of Williams who completed suicide -- one, my fianc\u00e9. The other, someone I never met, but for whom I felt the most sincere love and appreciation for the gut laughter he brought up in me, and billions, time and again over decades.
Trust Your Gut This is the kind of power we have within us. We have the power to tap into our guts. We are all intuitive. We simply have to be willing to open up, ask and receive.
Punch the Bag, Punch the Thoughts Lately, I've been wanting to bang my head against the wall in an attempt to rid my mind of its rampant, intrusive thoughts. Knowing that will only lead to a headache without resolution, I've been resorting to punching the bag instead. Boxing, man; boxing is where it's at.
Advice to a 20-Year-Old Self Don't neglect the dishes. Try to get enough sleep most nights. Smile every day. Keep your promises, even if others don't. Enjoy the little things
How To Make The Most Of Your Sleep Tracker 
I'm Sorry We read and hear a lot about the importance of the balm of forgiveness, how it heals the giver and as well as the given too.  But I think we don't think enough about the power of of  asking for forgiveness, to knit together what feels irretrievably broken.
Pixie Cut Regret and the Art of Non-Attachment My stylist recommended regular haircuts to avoid awkwardness (see
My Story of Depression, Culture and Community My family did the best they could, but like in many Caribbean and African-American families, the symptoms and afflictions of depression were never addressed. At best, you get prayed over or, in my case, you get offered the option of an exorcism.
The Power of Aromas 
Kick Ass and Be Kind What good is success if not shared and paid forward with attitude and deed?  And how much envy can we muster for a supremely successful asshole who can't muster a kind word for anyone?
When Kids Feel 'Fat' I see 7-year-old kids who agonize over what to wear in the morning because they \hate the size of their thighs or their arms.\ And I work with children who refuse to eat carbs or fats. Who among us even knew what carbs or fats were when we were 6 years old?
Coming Out, Again Words have meaning and intent, and denial of this fact is ignorant. I believe that in the great cage match of life, enlightenment destroys ignorance, and enlightenment is my truth, my whole truth, and nothing but my truth, in whatever way I choose to illuminate the darkness of my own tightly-locked closet.
5 Options to the Nagging Voice in Your Head at 2 a.m. I have heard the nagging voice before, and I have experienced every option listed. I can tell you the biggest difference in shifting from ignoring to letting go is simply choosing. Only you are responsible for your happiness, no one else. Once I figured that out for myself, it was absolutely liberating and empowering.
7 Strategies For Lasting Fat Loss Based on my friend's wisdom combined with the numerous successful clients I've worked with over decades, I created this list of seven traits lean, healthy people frequently employ.
8 Ways To Bust Out Of A Fitness Slump If you have been going to the gym for months, it can be frustrating when your progress has come to a halt.  Instead of quitting, try adding some intensity to your workouts. These tips are simple ways to break past plateaus without trying to reinvent the wheel.
The Problem With Getting Too Much Light At Night 
Yes, I Was a Smoker My mother was a gentle soul.\u00a0In her best disciplinary voice, a whisper at most, used one time during my teenage years, she said, \Bill, I wish you would not smoke -- it's bad for you.\
Why Little Moments Are Key To Relationship Growth Perhaps relationship bliss is that simple
18 Convincing Reasons To Give Yoga Another Try 
Adopting These 2 Habits May Just Make You Happier Gratitude is part of the puzzle; the other main part is being kind to myself.  I have cranky, sad and lethargic moments too. But instead of criticizing myself at those times OR faking gratitude I have experimented with another practice backed by science.
5 Nutritionist-Approved Back-To-School Tips As a nutritionist counseling families and children, here are some simple tips to get you and your family off to a healthy start.
The 20-Minute Workout You Need To Try 
Shawn Colvin Opens Up About Living With Depression 
This Couple Left Everything Behind To Build A Treehouse in Hawaii 
It's Not Your Heart That Rules Your Emotions It's Your Gut Your gut and your emotions are a two-way street. They both have the potential to negatively affect one another, so addressing the state of your mental health -- not just the food you eat -- is incredibly important.
Two Hints You Have an Awesome Relationship With Your Dog If you need a little boost -- or if your dog seems to -- try engaging him in a long, loving gaze. If he's the shy type, give him your undivided, loving attention for a half hour. You'll both feel healthier and happier for it!
You Only Live Once, So Do It Warren Buffett's Way Buffett used his punch-card analogy in an investment context. It's consistent with his belief that really profitable investment decisions are few and far between. But I think the punch-card analogy applies equally well to life, and to the decisions that define and shape our lives.
Addiction I cannot even imagine what losing a child to drugs would be like. Lord knows I've thought about it a lot. For a while, I was terrified that it might happen to me. And I'd be lying if I said it's not something I still think about from time to time when I allow my mind to wander out of the moment.
Want To Be Invited Into You? A Pre-Labor Day Meditation Mostly, this time of the year is a liminal space between here and there, then and now and you and me. Want to rewire, recalibrate and reinvent the next unfolding moment of the Truth of You and your own breath, your way? This is your invitation to entrain to new weather, time, space and commitments.
When Health Care Isn't Healing The patient-centered model needs to replace the practice-centered model. The patient's health should be a higher priority than the doctor's rush to keep moving and fit as many people as possible into his schedule and his practice goals.
How to Live an Inspired Life Whether you impact a million people or one person -- you're having an impact. Imagine if every person today just touched the life of one other person? The outcome would be incredible! So what are you waiting for? Why settle for \almost\ doing what you love? Almost changing the world?
5 Tips for Dealing with a Natural Death of a Family Member 
We Travel With Our Own Germs 
How A Breakup Led To Lisa's 136-Pound Weight Loss 
3 Ways to Unlock Opportunity in What Scares You The truth is
Finding Your Authentic Kindness I don't have any grand epiphanies on how we can turn the tide on a global, massive scale. I think it has to be grass roots, a kind of butterfly effect to make a difference. It has to be small acts that catch on and feel authentic and meaningful -- both to the giver as well as to the receiver.
Dare to Be 100 The Internet was abuzz seven weeks ago about the performance at the June 1 San Diego Marathon by Harriet Thompson of North Carolina.  She is 91 years old (YOUNG). En route she set several age group records.
Patton Oswalt 
How Does Depression Really Feel? If depression is more insidious -- and more misunderstood -- than other disorders, it is because its core symptoms are mental and emotional. This can make it difficult to distinguish the person from the disease, as our thoughts and emotions define who we are.
This Is Why Eating Beans Makes You Gassy 
Scientists Find Mild Cases Of MERS Among Patients' Families 
The Diseases We Donate To Aren't Always The Diseases That Kill Us 
What Makes A Phobia Different From Fear 
You May Suffer From This Little-Known Sleep Disorder 
An Open Letter to Those Who Would Quit Their Jobs The point is to live intentionally. Ask yourself
There's No Such Thing as TMI Today, tests as simple as a saliva sample can help ensure a healthy child free of these diseases, saving a lifetime of tragedy.  Genetic testing isn't meant to be scary.  It's meant to be accessible and to give you the happily ever after you dreamed about.
With a Few Clicks, You Can Be Part of the Future of Medical Research By simply using your computer or mobile phone, you could be part of a new wave of era in clinical research... and if you use any wearable technology or other sensors, you can likely plug those in, too, which would help even more.
Your Back-To-School Checklist For Better Sleep 
After An Arrest, A Student With Bipolar Disorder Realized She Needed Help 
5 Big Benefits Of Coconut Oil If it's not in your kitchen cabinet already, consider adding coconut oil to your collection.
When Anxiety Has You (Literally) Pulling Your Hair Out 
Barnacled, Boundaried or Balanced 
5 Ways to Get Re-Energized for Work After the Summer Find the meaning in your work and give thanks for that. Your work has a purpose -- look for the greater connections and benefits that you provide. Knowing that you are making a difference in other people's lives will energize you to devote more attention to what you do.
After Giving Birth To Twins, Carra Lost 81 Pounds 
Stoner-Turned-Doctor Sees Dark Side Of Pot I caution that we take a long, hard look at the permissive tidal wave in favor of marijuana legalization. As for condoning recreational use, we need to be careful before we unlock that door. Because, in a tidal wave, once you open a door, it may not be so easy to close.
Revisiting the Pain of Mental Illness in America We need to show all of America's nearly 43 million people with mental illness the same compassion and empathy we've shown Robin Williams. They all deserve to live a full life, all of us need to benefit from what they have to give, and it can be done at a fraction of the cost of the alternatives.
Divine Laughter 
How Burn-Out Saved My Life Every action, whether it be writing an article, applying for a job or snacking on an apple, is worthy of being embraced, enjoyed and savored for what it is. When we choose to live life this way, each moment becomes saturated with meaning.
Schooled in the Jungle Room (My Life and Death Struggle in Memphis) 
This Seat Belt Could Stop You From Falling Asleep At The Wheel 
How Depression Inspired This Woman's Career Choice 
This Is How To Make The Most Of Any Weekend Actually give it a rest. Make a decision on Friday evening to turn off your work mode. Imagine you're stepping out of the work version of you and into the lighthearted weekend version of yourself. Be okay relaxing, guilt-free.
Why Women Need Equal Treatment In Medical Research Who would have thought that in 2014 we would be fighting to ensure that women are included in research on diseases and medical drugs and devices? If you find it outrageous, you are not alone.
Why You're Waking Up In The Middle Of The Night 
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch Because we look healthy on the outside, we must be healthy on the inside? Well, I know for a fact that you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, and you damn well shouldn't judge a cancer by it's body.
The One And Only Way To Get Healthy As consumers, we need to trade the habit of clicking for short cuts for the habit of practicing behaviors that will truly serve our health. As a health and wellness industry, we need to trade our habit of telling people why they should do something or overwhelming them with a dozen ways to do it, and instead, invite them, inspire them, and propel them to try one way, to practice.
These Are The Things That Bring You Strength 
This Is What Really Happens When You Practice Gratitude Every Day It's been a week and a half since I started my gratitude journey -- but what I've realized is that this project is just that
What We Might Learn From Robin Williams' Death 
Before You Try The LeBron James Paleo Diet, 3 Myths About Carbs 
Let's Talk About Mental Illness and Suicide The best prevention is sunlight -- bring mental illness out of the dark  corridors, and out into the open where it can be seen as a illness, an illness that is free of shame and which can be healed.
Please Leave Your Type A-Ness Off My Yoga Mat (And I'll Do The Same) Type A-ness (which does sound quite naughty when you say it out loud) has gone beyond the corporate world and into the yoga world, one that I had assumed was supposed to be Zen.
When Sleep Is Spiritual Beyond all the scientific complexities associated with it, falling asleep can be understood as an act of faith. The submission to sleep requires extending trust to something greater than ourselves. Sheep, of course, sleep best in the company of the flock and shepherd.
Soul Singer Takes to Flight 
6 Tips That Prove Meditation Is Way Easier Than You Think Unlike some types of meditation, you don't have to say a mantra or try to picture your \third eye\ during mindfulness practice. Instead, you're focusing on the here and now -- thoughts, sensations and emotions.
What Does Depression Look Like? Anyone and Everyone This is the life of someone who is depressed and anxious. Only a few people knew the whole back story until now. I hope this encourages someone to continue living as well as they can, because each day, every day, there is something to live for.
How Zumba Empowered Me to Move Forward Zumba's slogan is \join the party.\ One of the best decisions I ever made was joining the party. There is rarely a \maybe later\ in life or dance. Moving in the moment is the only way to heal sometimes.
Thoughts for First-Year Med Students What I wanted for my life, in my choice of career, was a way to live a meaningful existence. Not have \just a job\ -- something that I had to do for money to survive or thrive, but rather a fulfilling of a calling.
If You Own A Fitness Tracker, Do You Actually Use It? 
Perfection Exists Only In The Present Moment When I awoke from the successful surgery, I knew a part of the healing required was to knock myself off the pedestal of perfection. I do take full responsibility for putting myself there. I had created a life for myself that was literally hard to swallow.
What Robin Williams' Death Means To Those Suffering From Mental Illness 
Yesterday's News Stands Becoming Tomorrow's Healthy Eating Hotspots 
What I Want My Children to Know About Food and Fitness I try to live a healthy, well-balanced life, not just for me, but for them.  I hope they don't have to experience these struggles -- instead, I hope they'll have a better starting point than the one I had when it comes to living a balanced life of food and fitness.
Yoga for Women 
15 Tiny Tweaks For An Instant Health Makeover 
The Epiphany In All of Us Yet every day, I awake and joy waits. I am alive! Here is another day, to dance and party with the universe. I don't feel it as tangibly every day as I would like, but it's always there.
Cinema Therapy and Robin Williams If you are struggling with the question of whether to take an intimate relationship to the next level, viewing Good Will Hunting could be a worthwhile step in your decision-making process. If you are grieving the loss of one of the most gifted actors of all time, this film features some of his best and most beautiful work.
Don't Pity Robin Williams or Others Who Pass Seemingly Early 
How I Got Healthy While the anxiety attacks are gone, and I feel really great most of the time, I am still a work in progress.  I am eager to embrace what's ahead for me as I continue to grow and evolve.  I truly feel lucky to be happier and healthier, but always learning.
Depression Some day we will look back and wonder how we did not measure and treat depression, and other behavioral health disorders more effectively. We are on the transformation road now. It will be uphill and bumpy. So is all change.
This Coupon Entitles You to One Free Hug With a great deal of bipolar disorder in my immediate family, I've watched depression's dark tentacles wrap themselves around our hearts in the most insipid and life-altering ways.
New York May Not Be The City That Never Sleeps After All 
We Don't Really Know How To Treat Depression And Alcoholism At The Same Time 
The Criminalization of Persons With Mental Illness Clearly, it is time for a new welcoming of mental health care in America. Perhaps the fresh air will follow.
A Back-to-School Message New school lunch regulations should not be thought about as a weight management diet, but a roadmap for health for each student involved. Breakfast, lunch and snacks at school allow us as a nation to demonstrate to millions of children each day what nutritious food looks like.
In Hunt For New Antibiotics, Scientists Look At Bacteria In Insects' Stomachs 
Listening to Depression and Suicide While I have been heartened by the overwhelming compassion that people have shown for the late Robin Williams and his family, I have been a bit concerned by comments such as \I hope he is at peace now.\
Here's One Thing That Makes Lucid Dreamers Different From Others 
5 Viruses That Are Scarier Than Ebola 
9 Important Things We Can Learn From The Younger Generation There are as many ways to navigate your 20s as there are 20-somethings. Here is what the next crop of human potential has working in its favor.
7 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Figs Known as the \fruit of the gods,\ figs are in season now, but they're nothing new. In season from from June to early Fall, the sweet fruit were used by the Greeks as signs of prosperity and for early Olympic training. For the food nerds among us, a mini fig tutorial.
5 Ways Mountains Can Help You Lead A Happier, Healthier And Longer Life 
16 Things I've Learned From 16 Years Of Dealing With Depression In the wake of the tragic news about Robin Williams, it's crucial for those who struggle with depression to cling to hope and life and the knowledge that things will get better. By sharing our journeys, we can shine on a light on an affliction that affects so many of our fellow humans.
10 Tips For Treating A Bad Sunburn 
Our Internal Sleep Clocks Are Out Of Sync 
If A Fly Landed On Your Food, Would You Still Eat It? 
3 Tips To Help You Love Your Body Just The Way It Is When you make a conscious choice to appreciate your body for all that it can do, you can change how you treat your body on a daily basis. After all, I believe a perfect body is the body that you are happy with.
6 Reasons To Not Go Out For Dinner Tonight 
How To Pitch The Perfect Tent Once I let go of the unreasonable desire for perfection, I actually noticed where I was
Wisdom in Disguise One of the most comforting insights I have had into the human condition is that every one of us has an innate wisdom that guides us through every minute of every day, even when we do our best to ignore it.
Here Are 25 Simple Ways To Eat Just A Little Bit Better. All You Have To Do Is Pick One There's always room for fine tuning our eating habits. Here are 25 ideas to boost nutrients, cut empty or excess calories, eat more sustainably, or all of the above.
Good Enough Is The New Perfect Today, with women's roles expanding and becoming more complex, the struggle to find work-life balance has become a significant challenge. Now more than ever, the idea of \good enough\ has great relevance and can serve as an important and comforting reminder that not only is perfection an illusion, but ultimately it does not support our children in their efforts toward successful independence.
Why Being #1 Isn't All It's Cracked Up to Be 
Sorry, Instant Noodle Lovers. The College Staple Could Hurt Your Heart 
Why Robin Williams' Passing Is a Reminder to Bring Mental Illness Into the Spotlight Silence should not be the legacy of a man who caused entire theaters to burst into laughter. In the wake of this tragedy, we must find the strength for an ongoing conversation about mental health, a topic that is too often addressed in whispers.
Ohio Measles Outbreak Appears To Be Ending 
Facing A Family History Of Heart Attacks, Mike Lost 145 Pounds 
Wheelchair Wisdom Like any prejudice, our perceptions about what it means to be physically challenged are filled with beliefs and interpretations that begin in our own minds. If you understand how this works it's a lot easier to move beyond any self-limiting illusions and judgments we might have, and go forward to live successfully with your illness, injury, or attitude towards the aging process.
Through Great Loss There Can Be Great Gain Fred's journey through grief is a testament to the resilience of the human spirit. He has been able to maintain a healthy, loving sense of connection with Rose and at the same time engage in living in the present, and allowing his life to flourish.
Suicide Hurts No matter what you're going through in life, whether that's a difficult day or a difficult year, when you love yourself completely, you find your center, and when you find your center, you realize you are not alone but connected to all there is in the universe. And all there is -- is love. When you know this, you will never give up on life.
Mindfully Go With the Flow in Chaos and Crisis It is paramount that we only focus our efforts on creating flow within our own minds because there is no way we can maintain structure in our external environment. Maintaining a mindful and non-judging awareness of ourselves may be the highest form on intelligence.
Time After Time By any measure, Julie Lewis certainly qualifies as a long-term survivor of HIV. Marking 30 years of living with the virus is an achievement for anyone. However, as the mother of Ryan Lewis, one half of the Grammy Award-winning hip-hop duo Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, Julie realized she could mark the occasion with a lot of fanfare, enough to be able to give back.
The Seasons of Depression 
Finding the Face of Depression in a Mirror Then came the Robin Williams news, and a profound sadness as I pictured him in his final moments, believing that the darkness of the world was too much to bear. He gave me hours of happiness for so many years. The least I could do to repay him is to not let his tragic death be in vain.
The Oddity of the Long Distance Runner Long distance runners are a bizarre group of people to those who find comfort in stillness, pleasure in overindulgence, and reassurance in conformity. I know this because I was not always a runner. There was a time that I scoffed at runners and the strange counterculture of running. But, now I know better.
5 Ways To Avoid A Running Injury There is nothing more upsetting to a runner than suffering an injury. Weeks, months, and even years of training and fitness can be jeopardized by a slip on the ice, a turn of the ankle, or a chronic overuse injury. Here are some simple ways you can avoid injury and stay sane.
You're 10 Days Away From More Happiness It isn't exactly becoming for the GPS for the Soul editor to have more gripes than gratitude, but hey, I'm only human. And as humans, we have remarkable abilities to make positive changes. So I am here to take a stand
11 Warning Signs You May Have A Problem With Alcohol Probably the biggest tell-tale sign of the alcoholic is the inability to stop drinking once we have started. \One more, one more, one more\ is always running through our minds.
What True Love Feels Like Sometimes it takes someone else showing you where there's hope to be able to see it, and sometimes it helps to look at an old situation in a new way to see what's growing out of the ashes.
A Letter to Myself as a Child From My Adult Self You don't know this yet but your family really loves you.  They never meant to hurt you or confuse you. I can happily say that you eventually found your way and we won.
3 Steps For Changing Any Bad Habit or Forming Any Good One Remember that a habit consists of cues and responses repeated over and over. To attack the habit you have to disrupt the old cues, form new ones, and then it becomes a matter of \Wash. Rinse. Repeat.\ In this way, you build that association and make the pattern automatic and soon unconscious.
Robin Williams' Depression and Suicide I have often heard that we should process the pain so that it eventually goes away. But I don't think it actually works that way. I think we become comfortable with the pain while it gets covered over by recent experiences, yet it remains for the rest of our lives.
Genetic Hand-Me-Downs 
I Dated an AA Newcomer \I'm hot and you're hot,\ the message read. \Plus I'm sober and you're sober.\ This was a missive that appeared in my MySpace message box back when referencing MySpace didn't make you feel old. And look, I knew it was an incredibly douche-y introduction.
This 90s Fitness Trend Is Making A Comeback 
It's Ugly, But We Need Your Help If you know someone struggling today, simply be there for that person. Offer your unconditional love and hold onto the faith that behind the struggle lies beauty.
Why Conventional Medical Doctors Are Opting for Slow Medicine I am always heartened to hear the stories of the pioneering doctors of integrative medicine, who were willing to risk their professional comfort and ease, in the interest of helping people truly get better.
Lessons From a Skinhead 
6 Lessons Great White Sharks Can Teach Us About Life A vigilant focus when swimming with sharks is essential for survival. Paying attention to what matters in life is essential too -- part of this is recognizing that first impressions aren't always correct.
You, Me, And Depression What I've learned is that sometimes, actually, frequently, it's okay to ask for help. Life is long and can be almost unbearably tough at points, and it would be a terrifying journey to make alone. So I've learned to ask for help when I need it, to pick up on the triggers that can send me down a dark path, and I've learned to make a plan that involves staying healthy.
'I Used Food To Make Myself Feel Better, But I Felt Worse When I Ate' 
Why Performing In Nursing Homes Was The Best Career Decision This Man Ever Made 
What's the Point When I start asking myself, \What do I want people to take away from this?\ That's when everything falls apart. Frustration takes over because I could drive myself nuts thinking of how to phrase my words perfectly so that the majority of people will walk away with the information I want them to.
The Secret I Really Love About Men Men will listen. Just ask kindly. We must speak from our heart. Ask open-ended questions, which require a real answer, that we must promise not to take personally. No one needs to purposely destroy the other; there is no right or wrong, just two different people.
9 People of Costco Costco has an amazing selection of food, clothes, appliances, furniture and just enough walking stereotypes to keep things interesting. Here are just a few examples of folks I saw on my last trip to Costco.
The One Part Of The Body You Must Work Out 
Be Mind Full of Good Life is often hard. To cope with hard things, to be effective and successful, or simply to experience ordinary well-being, we need resources inside, inner strengths like resilience, compassion, gratitude and other positive emotions, self-worth and insight.
Why You Should Stop Feeling Guilty About 'Me Time' You won't always have time for a 90-minute yoga session so remember that wellness comes in different shapes and sizes. You can do something as simple as reading an entertaining blog for 10 minutes or finding a healthy recipe to try this weekend.
The Science Of Success In the last 10 years, a new field of neuroscience has mapped the mental zone that can literally change the brain to quiet an overly active stress response system and simultaneously pave the way for higher brain networks to perform at optimum.
The Top 10 Workout Songs For August On the whole, this playlist compiles a healthy mix of new tunes, fresh takes on recent favorites, and a few curve balls. So, there should be plenty of songs here to keep you moving and a few to keep you guessing.
'I'm Not Looking To Be Saved From Narcolepsy' I'm not Wonder Woman, far from it. Narcolepsy challenges me daily. I take medication twice a day and twice a night, both of which cause unpleasant side-effects. And I still have sleep attacks and cataplexy every day.
U.S. Emergency Labs Ready To Work On Ebola Drugs If Asked 
My Sister Died of an Overdose of Prescription Painkillers One year ago today, my sister, Amy Wallace, died of an overdose of prescription painkillers. She had prescriptions for some drugs, but supplemented her allowance by using online pharmacies.
What Runners Need To Know About Heat Stroke 
Why Dreams Feel So Real As we grow up, we alternate between dreaming and waking. When we go to bed, our brains relax to the Oz-like land of dreams. When we awake, our brains expect \reality.\
What You Should Know Before Making A Major Life Change Understanding the process of change, why we are the way we are, and how to change when you really want to, is incredibly important. The attribute of driving effective change can give you the keys to the kingdom of your success and happiness.
How Technology Can Help You Tune Back Into Nature 
7 Reasons To Eat More Blueberries As a nutritionist, I love recommending blueberries to my clients. And I regularly eat them as well. Blueberries are healthy, low in calories, versatile, and taste great.
6 Things You Gain When You Declutter Your Life I've found there's a mental connection to this physical cleaning out process. A connection that I would venture to say has a vital spiritual component and contributes to one's overall well-being.
My Three Life Secrets to Thriving Action influences emotions, which crystalize beliefs. These in turn inspire us to pursue what we hope for with that much more joy, focus and hope. That's what these three practices do for me.
Depression, Psychosis and Psychopathy I hope that there will come a time when those with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depression and other severe mental illnesses will feel comfortable enough not to worry if anyone sees them leaving a therapy session out of a back door. I hope there will come a time when those who do not suffer from mental illness will have more compassion for those of us who do.
Before Summer Quiets Down While we might not have the power to turn America into Europe and declare August vacances season, we can take small steps to stop the busyness in our own lives and take real moments of solitude -- a \vacances de la solitude,\ if you will.
Free at Last! How to Spend Your Post-Bar Exam Days Ignore bar exam white noise. Have faith you studied and did your level best. Never look back, unless you've concocted a sturdy and reliable time machine that allows you to adjust your answers accordingly.
Meditation Emptiness is the best friend of everyone who enjoys meditation. It is a vast endless space. Light or dark, this emptiness is an inner feeling of openness without boundaries.
What It Really Looks Like To Work Out With Your Dog I could definitely feel the skipping, cone-weaving and plank crawls. My dog, Ted, on the other hand, cruised through it effortlessly. Maybe it helps to have two extra legs.
How To Overcome The Stress Of Long Distance Relationships A relationship can be stressful, even when both people live in the same area, so a little distance can really complicate matters. But just because it may be difficult is no reason to think it is impossible or doomed for failure.  With the right preparation and mindset a long distance relationship can flourish.
Letting Go of Anger Is a Karmic Must Every guide to good Karma starts with one golden rule
An Untold Story About James Gandolfini 
FDA Delays Costing Money and Lives If the public interest is at the core of the FDA's mission, it needs to move quickly and promulgate rules that will facilitate market entry, heighten industry price competition, save consumers money, and produce better patient outcomes.
Christie Lost 83 Pounds 
Witness to Corruption Not only do they fund ADHD research and professional education, they market to doctors, teachers, parents, and, ultimately, even the children of this country.
Injecting Facts Into Controversy The problem is, when you argue against this legislation because you think a medical school graduate's knowledge of anatomy is limited to dissecting a frog, you lose credibility and with it, you lose the argument. At least in my book.
This Is How You Squash Burnout For Good Some simple steps to take to reclaim your time and energy include setting limits to how long you spend reading and answering email each day. It's also okay to say \no\ when others ask too much of your time.
You Have 24 Hours In A Day -- Here's How To Make The Most Of It Our lives are complicated, and we've never figured out how to add more hours to the day. But when you take the time, you'll have the strength of mind to find a path toward health and abundance.
My Ease Into Veganese 
What A Dying Patient Taught A Burned-Out Doctor In medicine, our goal is health, to make everything better. But sometimes we can't. Driving home from Mr. Johnson's funeral, I remembered our last conversation. What had he really wanted me to know? What could I learn as my lesson from his life?
Gastrointestinal Health and Cancer Prevention Colorectal cancer, the most common of the gastrointestinal cancers, ranks worldwide as the third most common cancer and the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States. It is also one of the most preventable.
10 Tips for Those Who Dare to Be Alone 
Invisible Ink Social media has made me more self-aware of the unspoken messages I'm sending about myself and while I can't claim to have it all figured out just yet, I can say publicly that I am very much a work in progress as I seek to balance what I say on my blog and social media feeds versus what I keep for my private groups.
Proof That Women Have Been Strength Training All Along 
The Reward Is In The Risk From Arron, his death and now from Jim, I have learned so much about living life. Doing things that scare you, saying \yes\ as much as possible, being exhausted in a good way. From Jim, I have learned that some risks are fun and have adventuresome outcomes and some are not worth taking. The trick is knowing the difference.
Yoga, Mindfulness and Weight Management Mindfulness is key in healing a troubled relationship with food -- whether that involves weight loss or not.
What You Don't Know About Your Health Apps Could Hurt You 
Don't Rain on the Parade It's OK to be quiet, spacious, even silent. OK to take some time to let things air out and take more shape before you respond. Even if your deep-down view is that this idea is insane, disastrous, or worse -- often you don't have to say anything at all and it will collapse on its own.
4 Ways to Leave Your Lover (and Other Strangers) You have a finite amount of time and energy, and you really don't want to spend too much of it in situations that crush the light out of you. You don't need 50 ways to speak up, you just need one that works for you.
The Last Six Months of Dying Ever since that day almost eight years ago, I have sought to come from this centered \I\ -- with honesty, quiet bravery and ever-growing self-love. As I have learned to come from this source of me flowing always towards myself, I no longer judge me, I no longer see myself as \other.\
Clothes Really Do Make the Person 
The Only Reason You Ever Need to Get Serious About Your Health Your body is your vessel. You fuel it and it fuels you. What you put in, you get out. What you eat today for lunch and every single day for the next 10, 20 and 30 years will directly affect your how comfortable you live and your ability to do the things that make you happy.
There Is No One as Impressive as They Seem It makes me sad when people idolize others, because it means they've set that person apart from themselves as more special or deserving.
Soulful Deed For six years we had a wonderful marriage.  However, before he died, not only did he leave me traces along the way for his departure, he left me with a deed on how I was to live through the years without him.
The Hidden Power of Courts That Heal 
7 Questions That Will Keep You Curious 
Why Sugar Could Be The New Tobacco 
When It Hurts to Be Touched Unfortunately, living with chronic pain can interfere with your ability to touch, feel, hold, or be held by others. One of the most challenging examples of this occurs when we develop extreme sensitivities to touch from things that aren't usually painful.
'Train Hard, Land Soft' Runners will appreciate that the Sproing Trainer was designed with them in mind as a way to build endurance and strength without the pain that can come with pounding the pavement.
Permanent Temporary Connections At every event, when there is a common connection, people are more open to engage, interact and communicate.
Do You Have Permission to Be on an Adventure? Society says we must drive ourselves into the ground to get the things we want done. But this only shuts us down and makes life hard. It is only when we allow ourselves to be on an adventure, following the guidance of our hearts, that we truly open up to magic and miracles!
I'm Still Standing One thing cancer cannot do is lessen the courage and fight a person has in them. Now I'm 17, a year we weren't sure I'd live to see. Not only am I a childhood cancer survivor, I am still standing.
Use Mindfulness to Overcome Unhealthy Cravings Mindfulness can provide a clutch that can build some decision-making ability into any mindlessly addictive behavior, whether cutting back on chocolate binges, stopping smoking, turning off Netflix after one or two episodes of your favorite show, or more serious, life-destroying addictions.
Rabid Opposition to Ebola There is certainly no basis for either fear of, or opposition to, the on-going treatment of an infected American doctor in Atlanta. We may instead all be thankful that in return for the courageous service he was providing in Liberia, Dr. Brantly is now receiving an American standard of medical care himself.
Kiss Everything on Fire 
How A Fallen Mountain Climber's Legacy Will Live On Through His Artwork 
Story Time! 
How To Get Healthier In Just 5 Minutes A Day In any area of self-improvement -- not just in fitness and diet -- small changes in habit can lead to amazing results.  Yet even the smallest change in behavior requires willpower and conscious effort -- something that sounds as simple as running five minutes a day won't be simple in practice.
How A Lack Of Sleep Can Drain Your Wallet 
8 Tips For Managing Anxiety Talking it out with someone, either a coach or someone who understands what you are going through is so important. Know that you are not alone or have to do it all by yourself. It's OK to ask for help.
Healthy Eating Is Not A Contest I wore what I didn't eat like a badge of honor. As a certified health coach, I felt like it was important to \walk the talk\ and make sure that I was taking exceptional care of myself; but like every other thing in life, you can take even good things too far!
The Real Point Of Going Off The Grid It was time to unplug -- and not because I was guilted or shamed into it, but rather because it was time to seize another opportunity. The good news is that there is room for all of it, if you carve out the space. Balance.
How To Date A Vegan Dating a vegan isn't any more difficult than dating anyone else -- all it takes is an open mind, an open heart, and maybe a box or two of vegan condoms.
The Trick To Banishing Bad Memories Painful memories are completely normal. But when the stress associated with them hinders your life right now -- that's a problem. The good news is that you can learn to channel the positive memories and turn down the volume on the negative ones.
The 5 Most Confusing Health Food Labels 
7 Scientific Ways To Beat The Heat 
12 Healthy Ways To Top Your Popcorn Possibly the perfect snack, popcorn has more antioxidants than vegetables. Here are a dozen ways to pimp it out.
Ohio City Warns Area Residents Not To Drink Tap Water 
How Close Are You to Genetic Happiness? 
5 Nutritious Snacks That Can Help You Sleep 
Federal Excise Tax on Sugar Would Be Sweet The bill doesn't keep the industry from producing and marketing healthy beverages.  In fact, it encourages the production of healthier beverages by basing rates on the amount of sugar in drinks as opposed to taxing by volume regardless of sugar content.
Sick and Looking for Work If you are not wearing your disability on your sleeve, say nothing.  I learned that the hard way.  You owe The Man nothing but your best work.
Light Up Every Room You Enter 
A Perfect Summer Day I made a note to myself when I was standing in the middle of a white peach tree to remember the feeling. I wanted to remember the heavy scent, the branches full of leaves and the ripe fruit in my face, beside me and behind me. I wanted to remember laughing.
Sign Off the Internet and Start Reading Outside 
How This Night Owl Copes In An Early Bird's World You take your day to bed with you every night. Make sure it's company that will help you wake refreshed.
These Tests Will Tell You How Fit You Really Are 
Sleep and Mood Disorders Safeguard your sleep. It influences so much of your day-to-day functioning. For instance, if I don't sleep, I can potentially become manic or depressed. I am very protective of my sleep. You should be too.
Avoiding Deadly Dehydration Before you start on a hike that would challenge Lewis and Clark in the hot summer sun, take a few minutes to make sure you have everything that you need.
4 Questions To Ask Yourself When You're Feeling Stuck 
Food as Medicine 
Fat Gain = Brain Loss Without a doubt we will all die one day, but the question of how is largely dependent on your behavior. Whether of the heart, or of the brain, degenerative disease is not inevitable.  Change your actions and you change your outcome!
Burying the Agave-as-Healthy-Sweetener Myth The few studies that focus specifically on agave don't make this sweetener look good. One with 12 rats found compared with sucrose (a glucose/ fructose combo), agave nectar contributed to weight gain.
Understanding the Implications of Consumer Empowerment in Health Care 
3 Simple Meditations to Help You Thrive The key to meditation is not quantity but consistency. Rather than picking a specific time to meditate daily, add meditation to your regular routine. And at the end of each meditation, take a moment to say thank you to yourself for taking time to get still today.
Doctor Infected With Ebola Makes Selfless Gesture To Fellow Patient 
Back-to-School Eye Care Tips for Kids With kids busy running to class, staring endlessly at computer screens studying or training hard for their school's athletics program, thinking about maintaining good eye health and safety may not be a top priority in their minds.
How to Change Your Fitness Mindset Once you begin to train with your focus on getting stronger and not stressing over the way you look, your training becomes more productive and efficient.  You place that energy on learning how to move and perform better and in the process break mental barriers.
Don't Stop Short of Your Fitness Goals I got hooked on fitness for vanity reasons many years ago. But now that I'm a working mom, I do it because of the energy, focus and confidence it gives me.   Exercise allows me to focus on something positive and forget the rest of my life for even 20 minutes, and that's so therapeutic!
Why 'OITNB' Star Uzo Aduba Was Ready To Quit Acting 
How I Learned to Love My Body It didn't happen overnight but gradually changing my brain led to changing my body. Over the next year, I was exercising less and eating healthy. I didn't obsess, and the weight slowly came off.
The Secret Sauce of Resilience Does change worry you? If so, it doesn't mean you're weak. It means you're human. I know this because as a psychiatrist my phone rings when people are coping with change
Healing Vigilante 
Top 5 Ideas for Celebrating International Friendship Day Wednesday July 30 is International Friendship Day. I can't resist a good list or an excuse to celebrate. So I was curious
Do What You Love Maybe you're not an \artist\ by anyone's standards at all; maybe you're just a guy who really loves fishing. I don't know. But I do know this, there is a thing in you that drives you and your one mission on this planet is to find it, follow it and do what you love.
How To Have The Happiest Vacation Possible 
Why You Should Add A 'Done List' To Your To-Do List 
Notes From the Margins Shifting my outlook in this way has allowed me to be more attuned to what I like to call \signposts\ that help me along the way.  I thought I would share with you a few of those \signposts\ that I've stumbled upon this past week.
4 Summer Foods That Can Help Trim Your Waist I've learned that there are certain foods that produce and nourish \friendly\ bacteria and others that help eliminate the unfriendly bacteria that might be making it difficult for you to lose weight.
Finding Your Peace Means One Less Person Is Suffering Making love our priority doesn't mean we're always in spaced out hippie bliss while ignoring the conflicts around us, but it does mean we have shifted our focus. Love is the main emotional job of the heart and it rarely flows smoothly.
It's Not Too Late! 10 (Mostly Free) Solutions to Get You Fit Before Summer Ends! If you're feeling the season starting to run out, and you haven't quite reached the goals you set in spring, it's really not too late to supercharge your fitness before the summer is over.
The Real Danger of 'Too Much Exercise' Unduly provocative headlines based on inconclusive science work against what should be one of our country's most important public health goals -- getting people to move and exercise more.
9 Wise Quotes That Will Change The Way You See Your Life 
These Are The Foods On America's 'No Eat' List 
Kindness to You Is Kindness to Me; Kindness to Me Is Kindness to You It's as if we are connected in a vast web. For better or worse, what you do to others ripples back to you; what you do to yourself ripples out to others. Recognizing this in your belly and bones will change your life for the better. And change the lives of others for the better as well.
Letting You In About 10 years ago my internist told me that my blood test showed kidney numbers beyond normal. He said it in passing and I let it pass. I have no interest into possible lurking calamities.
Kicked Into Purpose! In the midst of the chaos, I was sure that I was going to lose faith in everything -- God, humanity and myself. I'm now thankful, because the stress and strain forced me to wake up.
How to Stay Mindful in the Midst of Hatred in the Middle East and the World 
Public Health Advocacy 
It's on Me No one is perfect, and it can be a long battle back to regain the respect and the trust, but you can start by admitting you are wrong, saying you are sorry and apologizing to those you offended, or who were hurt by your actions. But act quickly.
Miss Idaho Sierra Sandison Shows Us Her Insulin Pump A few weeks ago Sierra Sandison was a contestant in the Miss Idaho Pageant. She wasn't a diabetes advocate or even a person who widely shared with her friends that she was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at the age of 18. Much has changed since then.
Ebola Not A Significant Threat To U.S., CDC Says 
Some Evidence of the Human Spirit 
7 Reasons To Turn Off The Netflix And Just Go To Sleep Already 
7 Steps To Ease Into Meditation As a business owner, mom of two, wife, speaker and consultant, managing each day effectively can be a challenge. It's easy to feel overwhelmed sometimes, but my secret to mental serenity in the face of a harried schedule is meditation.
The 4 Best Stretches For Bike Riders You have to give your body the attention it needs post-biking so that it can perform at its best. Try these four stretches before and after your next ride and you'll hopefully find your legs, neck, and hips feeling looser and less sore.
9 Things Your Feet Could Be Trying To Tell You 
5 Things You Should Know About Vitamin D Deficiency 
5 Steps To Set Yourself Up For Better Sleep Sure, you know you should be sleeping more hours. That's an easy one. But have you ever stopped to consider that maybe the six hours of sleep you are getting aren't necessarily restful?
5 Ways To Outsmart The Supermarket And Lose Weight Do candy bars have a tendency to jump off the shelves and into your cart when you're at the supermarket? You're not alone. From the weekly circulars to the cash register, the entire grocery-shopping experience is designed to ensure you spend as much time and money on junk food as possible.
What It Feels Like Waiting for Cancer Test Results Then the air fills with oxygen and the punch in the gut goes away and the elevator stops falling, just like that. Two seconds. And you smile back at him -- a big dazzling smile -- and you ask him how his bike trip was in Barcelona.
4 Ways To Savor The Moment Summer fruits and vegetables are the great, immediate, delicious -- and fleeting -- luxury of this season. It would be wonderful to bite into a fresh-off-the-tree juicy peach when February drags on. But seasonal food gives you a chance to savor the present moment, knowing full well it will end.
6 Things I've Decided To Stop Stressing About To us high school students, everything feels like the absolute be-all and end-all. And I'll be the first to admit that I stress about the smallest things. But, after interning for Healthy Living I've realized I haven't taken any measures to try to alleviate that stress. So I'm starting now with a few things I've decided are just not worth my anxiety.
What Not To Say To Someone Who Doesn't Drink 
Dedicated to the Employees of Malaysia Airlines 
9 Things You're Doing That Drive Your Doctor Crazy 
Life Lessons Learned From Salsa Every one of us is going to have our own pace. We can't compare ourselves to other dancers, or other people. We need to be patient, and gentle with ourselves. Just do your best and trust in the process. When we keep going, we eventually get there. There are many paths to any destination.
What Parents and Young Athletes Need to Know About Marfan Syndrome Marfan syndrome is a diagnosis easy to miss unless one deliberately considers it and pays a great attention to detail.  If your young son or daughter is playing basketball or volleyball and you are hearing the comments above, please take him or her to a physician for the appropriate tests -- at the very least to rule the condition out and have some peace of mind.
You Must Know Yourself Before You Can Truly Address Your Problems Ignoring or leaving our problems behind can relieve stress, but at what cost? We must realize that no matter what we do, there is something to gain and something to lose. What do you want that something to be?
If It's Meant to Be All the perseverance, promotion, and patience required of you, beyond what anyone might have initially considered acceptable, would certainly surprise the average man on the street. But then maybe that's the whole point. To stand out, you have to stand up.
The Yellow Brick Road of Happiness What many have discovered, and what I have glimpses of from time to time, is that lasting happiness is virtually impossible when it is tied to arriving at a destination.  At the end of the day, it's all in the journey.  That is the sweet spot.  That is where true happiness lies.
Am I Crazy For Getting a Puppy? Yes, call me crazy but we are ready for a new pup in our life -- potty training, sleep deprivation and all.
So, He Broke up With You -- Now What? I promise you, it's truly the little things that are going to matter the most in getting over him.  It won't be easy, in fact it definitely won't be easy, but trust me when I say it won't be impossible.
Superheroes Live in the Heart of Life 
Endometriosis Endometriosis, as far as I knew, was something older women may experience. Statistics and facts about \female issues\ are not always openly discussed in the same way as other medical conditions.
The Untouched Generation Everything in life has two sides, it is better to look at the positives and to embrace the advantages. Regardless of events, we need to have the courage to accept, to connect, and to share. Touching reflects directly back to us like a mirror and this instant give-and-take translates into love.
How to Ditch Fear and Get What You Need Finding the courage to ask for what I needed reminded me that most people, and certainly my husband, respond generously. And here's the kicker -- at the moment the openness it takes to ask for what you need comes together with that generosity, a beautiful bubble of abundance and gratitude is created.
Do Serving Sizes Impact How Much You Eat? If the serving size for ice cream were to jump from 1/2 cup to 1 cup, would you eat more? Some experts are worried you might.
Becoming a Man To celebrate his rite of passage into manhood, Seth Anderson wanted to drink the best made Manhattan, with his dear old dad, in Manhattan, where he was born as a native New Yorker exactly two decades and one year ago.
Wheelchair Wisdom Most humans tend to integrate these two distinct actions and view them as one, which, going back to Buddhist philosophy, causes them to suffer.  But suffering is not necessary.  New possibilities can be created when we separate these phenomena.
Make Time for Your Own Wellbeing Deadlines loom, new projects pop up and you're putting off that lunchtime workout... again. Your day fills up with rides to practice, errands and family obligations and you're driving everywhere except to the gym... again.
Visionary Leaders Seeking New Solution to the Old Problem of Improving Health of All Americans If leadership creates an environment where health is a priority, evidence shows other things are likely to fall in place -- important things, such as increases in job satisfaction, productivity and retention, as well as decreases in sick days and hopefully the anguish and expense of long-term medical care.
Surprising News About This Common Treatment For Lower-Back Pain 
4 Food Mistakes Ruining Your Good Night's Sleep If you're feeling more tired than usual these days, you can blame the sun. Long summer days can interfere with sleep patterns because our natural circadian rhythms tell us to rise with the sun and rest in the evening.
Basketball Player Rayna embraced the struggle. When she faced adversity on the basketball court, she stepped up her game. She embraced the struggle. After contracting bacterial meningitis and losing her arms and legs, Rayna also stepped up her game (in life).
5 Ways to Help Boost Your Happiness Right Now Keep these tips with you as a simple reminder that it's the simple things in life that can bring you joy.
A Firefly Patch 
Why Sleeping In Just Makes You More Tired 
My 'Secrets' of Weight Loss August 2011 I was probably at my all-time high weight.  I don't know exactly how much I weighed, since I stopped weighing when I reached 389 pounds.  I am positive I weighed more than 400 pounds, but didn't want to know exactly how much over 400 pounds.
7 Surprisingly Simple Ways To Live In The Moment 
How I Navigated My First 7 Years of Sobriety Last month, I celebrated seven years sober. I still go to meetings at least three times a week. On my anniversary someone asked me, why? That's a good question.
7 Strategies To Help You Find Serenity Right Now We may dread alone time when we don't have a strategy to be with ourselves. Thoughts create sensations and bring to the moment vivid events removed from the now.
26.2 Strong Right about now, all over America, a couple hundred thousand runners are beginning to train for fall-marathon season. But the most meaningful 26.2-miler of the year -- perhaps of the century -- was run on April 21.
How Journaling Benefits Our Health (And How To Get Started) The very act of writing has been scientifically shown to be a beneficial creative process. By putting pen to paper, you are using the left side of your brain, which is critical and rational. This gives the right side of your brain a chance to access your feelings and intuition without any mental blocks.
3 Healthy Eating Tips From Google Headquarters 
Health Before Wealth 
How to Grocery Shop for Lasting Beauty As you eat healthfully to attain or manage your ideal body weight, you are also eating for lasting beauty.  Use this list of food items on your next grocery shopping trip. Many of these items serve dual purposes.
Thoughts for a Time of Crisis While we cannot undo the damage that has been done, we don't have to aid in the deterioration of humanity. We can be defenders of unity. We can decide that hatred, bigotry and indifference are unacceptable
7 Ways Being In Nature Soothes Your Soul Chaos is inevitable, and life is not always going to fall into place seamlessly. While the messy parts of life may not always be resolved positively, there is always a chance you'll find a rainbow at the end of the storm.
How A 5-Minute Meditation Helped Kelly Shed 126 Pounds 
How to Forgive to Save Your Life Do the effects of a former betrayal, breakup, breakdown or broken heart continue today? Recognize the need to forgive. Identify whom you need to forgive. Then you can begin the process.
Taking Time Off Is Good For Your Body, Your Mind, And Your Business 
WATCH 
6 Tech Traps We All Fall Into (And How To Avoid Them) 
5 Things Sunflowers Can Teach Us About How to Live Life The preschool teacher instructed the children, \Big dreams start small, but with sunlight, water, good soil and love, they grow big.\ It seemed a simple lesson, but one worth revisiting. This week, I let sunflowers be my teacher. Here's what I learned.
I Had a Heart Murmur (Part 4) 
8 Sleep Hacks That Will Put You Right To Bed 
3 Ways To Look And Feel Amazing That Really Work Quick fixes can lead to quick results that quickly vanish. If you want lasting change, it's time to let go of instant gratification BS and find a new way to live. You can love how you look and feel (permanently) by developing decent habits that become second nature to you.
How To Pick The Perfect Running Shoe The wrong shoes can lead to injury, discomfort, or end your running career before it begins. However, choosing the right shoe will keep your feet happy, support your unique running mechanics, and make the miles fly by.
Nearly Half Of Americans Believe In At Least One Medical Conspiracy Theory, According To New Report 
Opioid Maintenance Therapy Opioid maintenance therapy, or using a legal opiate to reduce a person's urge to take illicit drugs, has long generated controversy.
5 Healthy Foods You Can Easily Overeat As a nutritionist, I counsel many clients who know what foods to eat to lose weight and be healthy. However, even the most educated of consumers may have trouble determining how much to eat of these foods.
8 Ways Fitness Changed My Life The confidence I get from exercise is not just vanity. Sure, I like how I look and enjoy making progress, but my the confidence I get runs deeper than that. The better I get at running, the heavier weights I can lift and the further I can push my body reminds me of how to better tackle other challenges outside of my workouts.
Yoga Sculpt Before practicing yoga with weights you must learn the basics first. Here's what you must know.
Healing and the Power of Yoga I am grateful to be part of this ever-unfolding ancient healing path, and pleased to see these tools being incorporated into contemporary medical thought. Like two wings of a bird, these old and new approaches balance and support us in achieving the health and well-being we seek.
How This CEO Manages To Only Get 10 Emails A Day 
How A San Francisco Law Aimed At Healthier Fast Food Failed 
Getting Patients Out of the Dark 
7 Mindful Steps to Make Love Happen Anywhere I have singles tell me all the time they want love to \just happen.\ Well, that can only happen if you are in a mental and emotional place to receive the positive attention of others.
Did I Manifest My Cancer? 
The Perspective-Shifting Habit Of These Extremely Creative People 
Do You Get Overly Attached in Relationships? Take This Quiz When you truly love someone you're not interested in possessing the person or keeping him or her in your clutches because you're afraid of losing the relationship. Instead, you respect your partner's autonomy and spirit.
The Right Question To Ask When Something Feels Wrong Figure out what you truly believe and make a choice that works for you.
4 Easy Ways To Start Your Day On The Right Foot 
How Your Stress-Management Techniques Are Making You More Stressed There are only so many hours in the week. Your to-do list at work and home continues to grow, you're stretched thin and stressed to the max. What you may not know is the ways you've been trying to cope with the stress of it all are actually making you more stressed, not less.
Psychologists Prescribing Medication Is a Bad Idea Psychiatrists are often criticized for a reductionist approach to mental illness. We are accused of \throwing pills\ while ignoring the social, cognitive and spiritual aspects of our patients. However, the use of medications by psychologists with only rudimentary understanding of physiology, pathophysiology, and pharmacology is another form of reductionism that should be soundly criticized.
Looking Depression In the Face Recent research suggests that the frown of depression is anything but superficial and should not be taken at face value. Wiping that expression off your face is the latest treatment for depression. And Botox, America's favorite neurotoxin, allows for this therapeutic loss of face.
Why People Still Move To 'Unhappy' Places 
Why Choose Organic Milk? The dairy industry markets it as \nature's perfect food,\ but hormones in conventional milk have been linked to cancer. However, many studies show nutritional benefits to drinking milk -- especially for kids. What's the answer? Organic milk!
5 Rules Of Healthy Summer Drinking When it's hot outside and you're keeping active, dehydration can leave you feeling light-headed and disoriented.  Cooling off with refreshing beverages can keep your body hydrated and your waistline intact -- if you know which ones to drink.
Google's Got Plans For 'Smart' Contact Lenses 
Here's Proof 'Doing What You Love' Pays Off 
Epidural Cortisone Shots 
Mind Your Busyness In 10 Steps I don't mind being busy. But I mind when being busy becomes non productive or even wasted time. More important, keeping busy should not keep you from enjoying your life and taking care of yourself.
Kick the Therapy Couch to the Curb Our bodies instinctively know how to self-heal, and if we give them half a chance, they can heal our minds as well.  So lace up your shoes, kick the therapy couch to the curb, and let the momentum of a walk carry you forward into the change you crave.
Time Out Before Summer Slips Away Getting into the zone of quieting the mental chatter is the essence of mindfulness practice. Being ambitious and driven is necessary and beneficial for working toward life goals, but it's also crucial to shut off the overdrive and relax, in the interest of finding balance in life.
Remnants of a Life on Paper I knew the outcome of the Remnants of a Life on Paper, having heard it from the mother, Bea Tusiani, whom I met recently for the first time at a psychiatric meeting in NYC. Yet this book was still a page turner of a memoir -- written, compiled and told with utter candor and generosity by a mother who lost her 23-year-old daughter.
Being Mindful of 'Good' Judgment \We don't really think about this much, but judgments can come in the form of praise, as well...\ Cue needle scratch/time freeze moment.
This Photograph When I take camera lens focus off myself and direct it at the people in my life, I realize that my life is about so much more than just me. My cancer treatment has been a team effort, and I believe life works the same way, too.
Gluten-Free Intolerance To me, and possibly others who cannot tolerate gluten, it doesn't matter much whether it's a fad, or if \gluten intolerance\ is a proper scientific term, or if my declining the bread basket at a dinner vexes someone else at the table.
Deciphering Addiction 
Declare Freedom From the Super-Person Trap Usually I would say yes and add to my already hectic workload. On the contrary, I blurted out no, and it shocked me! I think it shocked the other person even more, because they were so accustomed to me saying yes. That was one of the most liberating days of my life.
5 Reasons to Let It Go Before a Presentation Even though I am not exactly sure what I said and did, I could tell that people were deeply moved by the talk. By showing up as I did, people were caught off guard and then found themselves opening their hearts at a level that took them by surprise.
WATCH 
Success and Still Enjoying Your 'Happy Place' No matter what I was able to accomplish professionally, my \Happy Place\ in Hawaii has remained the same. The core of who I was as a child and teenager and who I am as an adult hasn't drifted so far apart that I don't recognize myself any longer.
The Best Gift He Never Gave Me 
The Top 2 Things People Choose To Dream About 
To the Obese Woman Crying at the Picnic Table Yes, I understood why you cried at the picnic table at 370 pounds. Because on March 30 you weighed 450 pounds. You have lost 80 pounds so far this year. Today you were able to actually sit at the picnic table. A table you have not been able to sit at for years.
It's Your Life You Get to Choose 
How to Reduce Knee Pain Without Surgery If you have a minor injury that's causing you pain, take action to help it heal and use your injury as a stimulus to train other parts of your body. There's plenty you can do to speed your recovery and return as a fitter, faster and stronger athlete.
World's Deadliest Ebola Epidemic Gets An Unfortunate Ally 
Less Stress, Better Work, And 6 Other Ways Meditation Can Transform Your Life 
The Health Habits Of Americans Who Consider Themselves 'Thriving' 
6 Surprising Asthma Triggers 
7 Things Great Leaders Do Differently Great leaders understand that achieving goals does not elevate self-worth or happiness. Instead, they relish the journey -- the relationships and experiences -- as the path toward creating what they want turns clear.
The One Word This Nutritionist Can't Stand Let go of your negative associations with eating, with certain foods, with weight and expectations.   Stop depriving yourself.  Stop trying to define moderation.  Stop placing blame and instead choose to be mindful.
How To Discover Your Career Passion Everybody has a special gift that they are given and it's up to you to determine what that gift is and how you're going to bestow it upon the world. So ask your friends, family and coworkers what you're good at and then take stock of your own traits, behaviors and patterns.
July's Best Workout Songs No matter where your interests lie on the musical spectrum, there should be something for you. So, if you're looking for a few new tunes to liven up your summer workouts, this month's playlist will give you 10 great places to start.
Newly-Discovered Smallpox Vials More Dangerous Than Thought 
What Makes a Memory Stick? As I look back at my summer memories, I wonder why certain situations are vivid in my mind while others I'm not able to recall. When I have conversations with my sister and brother about our childhood, some we can reminiscence to the very minuscule detail while other stories... there is no recollection.
Toxin Toxout Detox Tips Natural health supplements are a booming industry in America, and detox remedies are a large and growing part of that.  But do detox treatments really work?  And which ones will actually help rid ourselves of toxic chemicals?
The Urgencies of Care Access to care is an important element in the quality of both health care, and the overall public health. All too often small problems neglected for a while turn into larger problems. Barriers to care propagate just such costly misfortune.
Working Too Hard for The Runners High 
You You are the greatest resource of all. You possess a deep collection of unique and most likely untapped resources that can help you in your personal relationships, your business success, your health and wealth.
What Is the Soul? 
The Truth About Life and 'Death' 
5 Ways Your Friends Make You Happier, Healthier And An All-Around Better Person 
What Spurred This TV Host To Kick Her Smartphone Addiction 
Taste of Chocolate Milk This past June, my boyfriend and I ventured into deep-Brooklyn to get down and dirty at the Rugged Maniac, a 5K-obstacles race with feats like climbing over a wooden wall, crawling through the mud-filled tunnels, and rocketing down a 50-feet water slide.
How Loved Ones Can Help You Cope With Depression 
Ebola Death Toll Rises In West Africa 
This Video About Worry Will Really Make You Think 
7 Things Sleep Experts Wish You Would Stop Saying About Getting Your Zzs 
How to Handle the Other B.S. Pay attention to the B.S. in your life. Dream of new things, and get excited if it's authentic to you. Allow others to dream big, too. And if you want to offer some careful advice to others, keep the B.S. out of it.
Scientists Count Puffs And Comb Facebook To Understand E-Cigarette Risks 
This Recovery Program Is an Increasingly Important Alternative to AA Chances are, the vast majority of Americans struggling with a drug problem have never heard of SMART Recovery. And that's a shame, because this modern, evidence-based alternative to Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous might help many of them.
What Neil deGrasse Tyson Can Teach You About Mental Health By better examining our thinking through a more scientific process and softening our internal and external response to failure, we are better able to continue our journeys in personal growth in order to advance ourselves, those around us and, hopefully and ideally, mankind.
5 Surprising Foods Doctors Swear By 
Terrified Tyrants What do you think about when you think of an anxious kid? Shy? Withdrawn? Avoidant? Meek? How about controlling? Coercive? Even... a dictator? Teachers, neighbors, and psychologists like me are usually surprised when parents describe an anxious child in these terms. But very often, parents do.
How To Strength Train In The Water 
David and Goliath 
Integrative Medicine Breaks Into Convention 
17 Secrets To Success From People Who've Found It Too many people settle for less than they deserve in life. This has lead to a majority of people reporting they are not happy. If we're going to change this, (and if we respect human life, we better) it's time to look for different ways of doing things.
No Butts About It 
How Genes Can Influence Our Mood 
5 Ways to Get Rid of Summer Weight Gain 
10 Surprising Signs You're Sleep-Deprived 
Why Riding Your Bike Makes You A Better Person (According To Science) 
How To Stay Sane This Summer There are a variety of ways to look at any one situation. Find the view the looks the best, put on the rose-colored glasses (don't worry this won't make you delusional, you'll still be able to see the weeds in the neighbor's yard and the pile of work on your desk) and take the perspective that eases stress and amps up good feeling.
Some Healthy Rivalry Could Actually Help You Run Faster 
How To Catch More Zzs When You Just Can't Sleep 
8 Simple Ways To Tap Into Your Inner Child 
Here's How To Upgrade Your Outdoor Workout Reason number 426 we love summer
This Chart Makes Clear The Relationship Between Drowsy Driving And Insufficient Sleep 
These Meditation Alternatives Are Anything But Boring Luckily, it's possible to get many of the benefits of meditation without actually meditating, at least in the conventional sense. There are numerous activities out there that can offer you peace of mind without also boring you to pieces.
These 10 Meals Reveal One Thing Fast Food Restaurants Still Get Wrong 
Don't Be Scared, It's Just Your Immune System 
Proof You Don't Need To Be An Expert To Benefit From Meditation 
This Sleep Condition Is More Common Than Depression 
5 Steps To An Instant Mental Break Got a much-needed vacation coming up? Maybe a long July 4th weekend? Your meditation practice is one of the easiest things to take with you! When your schedule doesn't allow for a full-blown mat practice, you can still quiet your mind.
The One Thing You Should Do Before You Go On Vacation Our cultural ideas around vacation are all about relaxation as the opposite of work; as in, literally doing nothing. Coupled with that ideal is an expectation that you'll be perfectly relaxed from the word go --  that a chaise lounge has a magical ability to transform you.
This Vintage Fitness Gadget Is Just As Creepy/Confusing As You'd Expect 
Onward to the Consultation Depression is a horrible illness where your inner core is twisted and twisted again. Your heart hurts, your brain hurts and your soul hurts.
Can You Keep Your Cool When Under Fire? When you most want to smash someone in the face or run out of the room, remember this irony. Cooling off someone else's anger can be a way to actually bring that person closer.
The New Paradigm Heart intelligence is the paradigm that speaks to everyone's hope and frustration.  Just what is our IQ score in heart intelligence? Not nearly high enough!
6 Toxic Behaviors That Sabotage Your Success Let's be real
Food Marketing Matters 
7 More Things Only Chronic Overthinkers Will Understand There may be days we want to pull our hair out, slam our heads into a wall, turn our brains off. But in the end, we need to remember that we know ourselves better than anyone else. We need to have faith that we are doing the right thing, making the right choices -- because our instincts exist for a reason.
Life We, humans, are the source for creating something new. We are the source for creating new systems, organizations, governments and a world that actually works for all people. And a world that can be so much more thrilling, unpredictable and abundant. We can make it all up... again.
It's Time To Reclaim Your Right To Relaxation 
Tanning Addiction -- for Real Despite all the information available to the public about the hazards of sun tanning, especially that ultraviolet rays are a known cancer-causing agent, people still continue to tan. This has led many researchers to believe that factors besides lack of knowledge are driving some people to tan.
5 Reasons To Drink Coffee Before Your Workout 
Enough Already! Tobacco Dipping Snuffs Out Lives So many young people, especially high school-age boys, are influenced by seeing their baseball heroes dipping that it's become as natural to them as another staple of baseball life
Are Your Beliefs Killing You? 
Secrets About Life on Earth I was waiting to hear where I was going next. When the being in charge of revealing my destination said \EARTH,\ the other beings all around me oohed and ahhed at my good fortune. I recall feeling a deep sense of elation.
Are There Tears in Your Popcorn? What to Learn From The Fault in Our Stars The Fault in Our Stars movie portrays the fault in our lives when challenged with illness, and the joy in our lives when these challenges are met.
Homeopathy and the Future of Medicine The future is always full of more changes than one can ever imagine.  Over a century ago, some people thought that homeopathy was dead.  At one conference in 1988, it was formally announced that reports on the death of homeopathy had been greatly exaggerated.
The Devil You Know My decision was based on fear. I was scared to get cancer, so I just figured out how not to get it and took the necessary steps to make that happen. And lo and behold, I seem to have outsmarted the little fucker.
When Life Is Unfair -- Feed the Right Wolf 
7 Ways Your Health Is Like a River (And Why We Should Take Care of Both) As a registered dietitian who helps teach people to keep their bodies healthy, I couldn't help but see a striking resemblance between the delicate dance of human health and that of a river. It is a perspective that I think may help others be more mindful of how we treat our bodies, as well as our precious rivers.
The Naked Truth I also believe there is a time and place for everything, including where and when to bare your body in social situations. Do it because your are comfortable with your body. Don't do it if may makes those around you uncomfortable or someone is pressuring you.
Ashamed of How You Look in a Swimsuit? Women Just like you can be disappointed with your kids and still love your kids anyway, you can be disappointed with your body and still love your body, anyway. Disappointment does not have to \erase\ your love.
Runners Running may be a sport made up of individuals, but it is the collaborative sense of accomplishing great things and reaching new physical and mental limits that binds us as a group. We love to support one another, so why can't we accept the support from others?
Don't Let Your Health Account Go Bankrupt Before I got out of bed, I set my intentions for the day and stretched. When I walked to the train, I took notice of things around me.
This Woman Was Told She Would Soon Go Blind. So She Joined Circus School 
Sleep As A Competitive Advantage 
It Took Studying 25,782,500 Kids To Begin To Undo The Damage From One Doctor's Lies 
Do Freely Try to experience doing as living. The sense of living then moves to the foreground, with doing as a matter-of-fact, no-big-deal, expression of embodied life. It's a subtle shift, but a powerful one.
4 Skin Issues That Can Be Solved By A Good Night's Sleep 
When To Get A Second Opinion 
Here's What You Should Really Wear To The Beach With proper use of sunscreen and the right clothing, you can spend a day at the beach, on the green, or in the backyard feeling cool and comfortable and knowing that you are safe from the sun.
7 Drawings That Prove Beauty Is Everywhere These days, I'm still using drawings to process emotions and counsel myself. Recently, when I sat down with pen in hand, I found that I was writing notes to myself about beauty. My stick figures were giving me messages about the importance of seeing and cherishing beauty in the world.
Bicep Curls and Other Exercises You Might Be Doing Wrong If you're not familiar with proper form for the exercises you're performing, there's a high risk for error. Even with seemingly simple exercises, like dumbbell bicep curls for example, there are lots of things that can go wrong.
This Total-Body Workout Will Fly By, Thanks To The Perfect Playlist This fitness routine will make your session fly by. Download these hits, then grab a partner and a set of weights, and play along.
When Being Selfish Is A Good Thing The reality is that to be truly happy, you need to put \you\ first sometimes. If that means being selfish, do so with a smile on your face. Am I saying to ignore others or how they feel, always choose yourself or become completely inconsiderate 100-percent of the time? Absolutely not -- life is about balance.
The 10 Most Common Sunscreen Slip-Ups 
5 Reasons You Should Let Your Mind Wander 
WATCH 
Press Pause In the busyness of our lives it's easy to forget that we are all fearless, unique, brilliant individuals here to create something that only we can create. Our obstacles, big and small, get in the way and bring us to a slow crawl even a halt.
10 Yoga Poses For Runners 
'Anything Worth Obtaining Takes Hard Work And Dedication' 
Consumer Group Wants Safety Warnings On Energy Drinks 
A New Look at Gender Bias It seems that bias toward males still exists in American research labs. When scientists investigate new drugs to cure diseases, they test them on male rats and men and extrapolate their results to women. Women are prescribed new medications that don't work, make them sick, or kill them because the pills weren't tested on women.
5 Types of Men Not to Date When You're New (or Old) in Recovery 
Does My Liver Look Fat in This? 
Why We Need To Pay More Attention To Women's Sleep Several major gaps continue to exist in sleep research for women. This is in part due to the early work focused on sleep apnea, which primarily affects men. In addition, lack of awareness of sex differences in sleep research has contributed to this knowledge gap.
Lights Go on Part XX 
Why Are We Laughing at Rob Ford? If we invest time and energy into laughing at what is happening to Rob Ford, we are sending a powerful message that alcoholism and drug addiction are not serious afflictions that are destroying families everywhere.
This Woman Ditched Her Career And Flew Across The World To Train For Her Dream Job 
Realizing Your Full Potential, Part 2 
This Acrobatic Workout Class Will Make You Feel Like A Superhero I would assume that parkour is helpful if one happens to be in a situation where they need to quickly escape from vicious dogs and the only way out is jumping over a super tall wall. For regular folks it definitely strengthens your core, arms, legs and butt.
Here's Proof Music Can Do More Than Just Make You Feel Good 
The Pieces of Me I no longer have that hole in the center of me that aches for the comfort of feeling loved. That hole of need -- that no partner or lover could ever really fill -- is where these pieces that I set aside belonged. It was so very simple and elegant in the rightness of it all.
How to Succeed and Still Be Happy No matter how you define success, it requires hard work, disappointment, rejection and lots of failing. With all the hard stuff you'll endure, it's hard to imagine how to stay happy along the way. But you can. The solution requires three simple, but profound, mindset changes.
The Difference Between Living And Being Alive With Chronic Illness Life with chronic illness is just like any other -- a life full of obstacles. It's easy to lay down and not get back up. But if you're not moving, you're not living. So even when the obstacles become too great, the treatment stops working, the doctors stop telling you the good news, even when you lose support, you lose sight of what you're moving towards -- you keep moving.
The Water Takes Many Forms 
Atlanta Airport To Open New Sleep Suites 
7 (More) Reasons Why Having Sex Is Great 
10 Health Woes Summer Can Bring 
Here's Some Inspiration To Take Your Yoga Practice To The Beach 
5 Reasons To Embrace Your Inner Child You may be an adult now, but your inner child is alive and well within you, and it's got a lot of wisdom to share. Here are five habits, compliments of the kid inside, that will change your life in wonderful ways.
8 On-The-Go Eating Tips For Your Next Vacation The secret to eating while traveling is to identify the difference between eating and over-eating. Eating is enjoying food. Overeating is when you no longer taste the food. You are stuffed yet continue to eat.
The Important Reason Why We Need To Embrace Creativity Art Fry wasn't trying to create a best-selling office supply product. In the beginning, Fry was simply trying to design a better bookmark for his choir hymnal. He was just trying to create something small.
Here's Proof Going Outside Makes You Healthier 
How To Build A Better Burger Summer is the season for barbecues. That often means burgers and hot dogs. As a nutritionist, I suggest limiting our intake of red meat and processed foods. However, if you want to indulge in an occasional burger, here are five ways to build a better one.
5 Years Later, What a Difference -- for This Smoker, for Smoking Reform As we celebrate these twin five-year milestones -- Sternberg's turnaround and the FDA Tobacco Control Act -- let's appreciate the simple pleasure of putting one foot in front of the other, headed in the right direction. And let's keep our eye on the ultimate finish line of a tobacco-free nation.
Making Sense of Mitochondrial Disease Prevention by 'Three Parent IVF' The British approach to the novel implementation of mitochondrial replacement therapy, with extensive public involvement and careful, measured scientific review, may serve as an example for the United States and rest of the world.
Repeat After Me No amount of recognition (which I didn't get) or dangled promotion (which I also didn't get) could have made up for what I lost.  They could not have compensated for those intrusions -- intrusions into my time, my space, my family, and my life.
Research Without Consent in the Emergency Room A new study poses one of the most vexing ethical questions concerning research with human beings
5 Summer Scents That Are Also Totally Good For You 
Don't Be Afraid to Tackle the Mental Health Issues Associated With Grief There are times when grief's accompanying depression, anxiety, emotional and spiritual distress becomes too difficult for the bereaved person to bear.  That's when the right resources need to be activated.
Past, Present or Future... So if the past is what has made me the person I am, and the future is what I am working for -- what does the present or \the now\ mean to me? How could I just believe and make today my friend? I was lost.
This Is What Someone With Anxiety Actually Looks Like Regardless of whether it's genuine or a \made-for-TV moment,\ Clendening's story prompts a poignant point
10 Top Race Dos And Don'ts Race season is upon us. Make the most of yours with our road-tested rights and wrongs so you'll know exactly what to do (and, ahem, what you can get away with) before your next fit event.
The Healing Power Of A Good Laugh Living in a world of laughter opens one's life to a world of joy.  Joy is a divine quality that is inherently creative and productive.  And, when we're productive we're doing positive things with our lives.  Isn't that reason enough for laughing more?
What's The Deal With Soy And Breast Cancer? 
Want to Realize Your Full Potential? Here's how! 
Your Guide To The Best (And Worst) Sleep Positions 
Life Coaching Is Not Weird Coaching is an active, invigorating process assisting you to reach your potential, challenging and supporting you, seeing what is working well for you and promoting that success so you can achieve miraculous and logical results.
Why Laser Toys Can Be Bad News for Your Pet Is it a good idea to trigger your dog's prey drive using an object she has no chance of catching? Dr. Dodman believes it's not a good plan, because dogs can get so obsessed with chasing the light that they develop behavior problems.
6 Ways To Avoid This Pesky Allergy Symptom 
Pharrell Williams' Secret to Happiness Our forefathers didn't need today's science to tell them how essential happiness is to the human condition when they guaranteed the right to purse it alongside the rights to life and liberty. So if just listening to music can lift one's mood, \Happy\ as a state of being has enormous utility.
Casting Off Stereotypes Because of all this conditioning that society and our social groups put upon us to be labeled, we begin to come up with our own labels for who we are and what we believe. Do you feel it's right for people to label one another, and are we really the sum of our labels?
Kerry Lost 154 Pounds To Be Able To Walk His Daughter Down The Aisle 
Finding the Perfect Protein Powder Pay attention to other ingredients besides protein. Manufacturers make powders palatable and pretty with preservatives, bulking agents like maltodextrin (corn), and sweeteners such as aspartame and sucralose. If the container lists these or anything you can't pronounce, put it back.
The Talk We -- and Doctors -- May Owe Our Parents Americans should be carrying out The Talk with increasing frequency. After all, we're living longer, chronic illness is on the upswing, and the demand for long-term care is growing fast.
Many Doctors Don't Support Life Support  When It Comes to Themselves A recent study of more than a thousand doctors, published in the medical journal Plos One, found that almost ninety percent of young doctors wouldn't want to receive CPR or cardiac life support if they were terminally ill and their heart or breathing stopped.
Your Friends and You 
Human Being vs. Human Doing In my own practice, it has become clear to me that much of anxiety and depression is a result of loneliness and especially, human touch. The loss of this magnificent part of our being a human being, is that we may never know the inner part of our beautiful essence and authenticity.
Why Exaggerating Your Stories Is Good for Everyone, Mostly Great stories are fabric of our culture.  They inspire noble actions because they're a spell-binding blend of real emotion and imaginative embellishment that strikes a chord of authenticity with both the teller and the listener.
Are You Creating Poverty? 
How To Turn Bad Habits Into Stress-Reducing Rituals The secret to a less stressful, more fulfilling life isn't just about replicating someone else's habits. It's about creating ones that help rather than hurt you. And while dropping bad habits is a great idea, the reason that's so hard is because it always sounds restrictive and loss-oriented. I have a better way
Self-Love Healthy self-love is the balance between low self-esteem (a lack of self-love) and grandiosity (inflated, false self-love that is actually an overcompensation for a lack of true self-love).
Health Care or Disease Care The new science of \health\ care that has emerged in the 21st century is creating the opportunity to be successful in preventing and treating chronic diseases. In a successful therapeutic relationship, practitioner and patient work in partnership to create health rather than treat disease.
These Two Words Are Stealing Your Freedom When you break through the illusion that you're at the mercy of your life, you automatically start declaring dominion over it. And that is a beautiful thing.
5 Steps to Eating the Elephant on Your Plate As you focus on one bite at a time, you'll be amazed at how remunerative and gratifying this process can be. You will begin to do things you've never done before but always wanted to do. When you put these steps into action, you actively determine the way you will live your life.
Exercise Is Medicine Doctors do hold tremendous power. The key to unleashing it lies in that critical moment when they have the rapt attention of their patients -- and importantly, within the prescription pad that only they hold.
Oh the Places We Search 
Ebola Death Toll In West Africa Reaches 337 
Study Folks, when it comes to food, and food for thought alike, it is mostly stupidity that is killing us. Stupidity is worse for us than either sugar or saturated fat.
Behind the Thunder 
Overwhelmed? 7 Strategies for Restoring Balance 
Enlightened Knowledge and 10 Ways to Attain It 
Don't Be Lame 
Perfectly-Hidden Depression If you are hiding your depression, all you have to do is find one person. One person to trust. One person that you believe has the capacity to hear your story.  Will take the time to listen. Try to understand. That's where you start.  To let someone see the real you.
Are Spanx Causing Vocal Fry? 
How Well Do You Know Your Vegetables? Take The Quiz 
What's Wrong With The Way We Test For Lyme (LIVE CHAT) 
Meniscus Repair Helps Prevent Arthritis Repairing the arthritic cartilage and replacing the missing meniscus can keep you biologic and help you delay or avoid an artificial knee replacement. In our view, biology trumps bionics any day of the week.
Soda Warning Spread the word!  Soda rots our teeth, makes us fat, fattens our livers, blocks our arteries, and raises our blood pressure.  It may also interfere with our fertility.
If Antidepressants Don't Cause Weight Gain, What Does? One hopes that patients who are gaining weight are not ignored their weight gain because a study says that they should not be doing so.
The Tao of Game of Thrones 
For Her Age 
8 Things You Should Know About Sleep And Pain 
5 Ways To Give Dad The Gift Of Health This Father's Day Father's Day is the occasion to show your appreciation. It's also an opportunity to help your father get some balance and feel better. Here are five ways to give him the day he deserves and kick start some habits that will keep on giving!
What If Your Performance Depended On Making People Smile? What if your class grade depended on making people smile? MBA students in Marketing Professor Raj Raghunathan's \Creativity and Leadership\ class at The University of Texas at Austin recently put their ability to spread happiness to the test, as part of a project that involved \altruistic pranks\ -- creative and unexpected acts of kindness directed toward strangers.
10 Ways To Avoid Tick Bites 
6 Workouts To Break Your Elliptical Rut The elliptical machine is genius for burning fat and tightening your butt. But let's face it
High-Fiber? More Like Undercover Sugar! They tell us we need high-fiber whole grains to prevent cancer and heart disease with in-your-face marketing, quoting research from experiments they've funded.
Why Dads Matter, According To Science 
He Wasn't the Best 
Best Father's Day Gift Ever? A Break From Being a Father 
Research Funding All research starts with biased funders and researchers -- because in the absence of such bias, it would be research no one would bother doing. I don't think anyone runs studies in the absence of hopes and preferences pertaining to the outcomes.
What Are Probiotics, Really? 
What's Your Yoga Studio Type? Have you ever attended a yoga class, only to feel awkwardly out of place? There's a reason for that! It's not that yoga is not for you, it's that each yoga studio (and teacher for that matter) has a whole different style that may or may not fit yours. Here's a breakdown.
The Strange Way My Dad Helped Me Learn About Cancer As a teenager, very little is more embarrassing than running your fingers over a fake scrotum under the instruction of your father.  But I did it, and before long I was glad that I had.
The One Area Of Our Lives Where We Need To Be More Mindful Your words and thoughts can guide you to creative solutions when challenges occur.  Bringing mindfulness to the words you speak is an important aspect to creating a life truly worth living -- where you are not merely surviving, but really thriving.
The Top 13 Places To Do Your Best Thinking 
5 Easy Tricks to Make This Your Fittest Summer Ever The following health and fitness tips were all learned during the two years I spent working as a personal trainer. They're meant to help you keep your summer fitness goals on track without depriving you from your favorite foods and turning the entire season into one giant trip to the gym.
The Power of Prevention 
The Power of Prevention Benjamin Franklin once said that \an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure,\ yet 279 years later his words still have not been successfully put into medical practice.
Elderly Women Prefer Death to Suffering a Hip Fracture 
Detroit's Infant Mortality Rate Is Higher Than Mexico's 
4 Things You Need to Know to Become 'Fearless' in Your Life It's not at all about an absence of fear. It's about knowing that fear will always be there, even more so the deeper you descend on the journey, and letting it guide you rather than deter you from moving forward. I live a fear-filled life because that's what it takes to create amazing things and attract amazing people, experiences and opportunities.
Ancestor Deficit Disorder 
Pushing 40 If you are frustrated with your own middle-aged weight gain, I encourage you to take a new route. Figure out what isn't working and leave your old habits behind.
Scott Used To Stop Breathing Nearly 40 Times An Hour. This Device Changed His Life 
A Very Happy Re-Birthday 
Science Catches Up to What Authors Have Known Since the Age of Shakespeare Narcissism aside, there may be some very good reasons for people's natural urge to tell their personal stories.
Deconstructing the Fear of Rejection Being human, we long to be accepted and wanted. It hurts to be rejected and to experience loss. If our worst fear materializes -- if our catastrophic fantasy becomes a reality and we're rejected -- our organism has a way of healing if we can trust our natural healing process
Are You Perpetrating Crimes Against Yourself? Stopping ourselves from hating ourselves starts with claiming the responsibility of being our own active witnesses
What's for Lunch Can Tell Us About the Future Junk food lobbyists interested in reversing White House-backed nutritional standards for school lunch programs are banging the drum that it's \too restrictive\ to feed kids healthy school lunches, and I say \Whaaa whaaa\ -- I am not buying it, and neither should you.
Fat Studies Enjoying total mastery over the body and its appearance is a powerful fantasy that can influence the way we manage ourselves on a daily basis, with health as our primary goal and often with looks as a secondary but not so irrelevant objective.
This Will Help You Appreciate Your Wonderful Life 
My 76-Year-Old Neighbor Inspired My 160-Pound Weight Loss I was fortunate enough to befriend and get inspired by a 76-year-old neighbor who became like a grandmother to me in this challenging time. She worked out every day at a gym, walked at the park, was in fantastic health and told me of the promise for my future if I would just change my mindset.
Shame and the Empty Life 
Choose to Love Let love be there alongside whatever else is present in your relationship with the other person. There is love... and there is also seeing what is true about the other person, yourself, and circumstances affecting both of you.
A Spiritual Mystery 
It's Okay to Stop Looking I am beginning to truly understand what love is. It is a powerful owning and gentle honoring of my own heart and soul as I walk into each day loving, learning and cherishing just me. And in doing this, I am at last fully able love others -- honest, open, grateful and free.
Are All Calories Created Equal? Experts agree that since the body uses calories from different nutrients in different ways, the key to successful weight loss is paying attention to more than just the numbers on a box.
Would the Marlboro Man Get Diabetes Today? 
Mindful 'Art de Vivre' in Eight Steps That's why taking the best of their \art de vivre\ and mixing it with yoga, green juices and lots of smiles \made in America\ seems to be a pretty good combination towards happy and mindful living.
Don't Let Asthma and Obesity Sideline Our Kids As a researcher treating pediatric pulmonary diseases by day and a dad for three active kids by night, I greatly value the physical and mental benefits of exercise for all kids. As long as it is carefully managed, physical activity can usually improve both lung function and asthma control over time.
Is Your Therapist A Good Fit? 
Anirban Bandyopadhyay; The Art & Science within the Human Mind 
Are Friendships a Key to Longevity? 
Marqkria Lost 260 Pounds 
How To Make The Most Of Your Commute There will always be the temptation to throw your hands up and start looking for awesome apartments downtown, where your social life can be your main priority.  But commuting takes a different kind of discipline and as a result, its own rewards.
10 Ways to Love a Grieving Friend Unless it is a cultural taboo, do not shy away from mentioning the dead person's name or talking about the situation.  If he or she had been arrested, you would use their name and talk about the details.  A horrible thing has happened, and many people are hurting.
AHA at 90 Back then, heart disease was a death sentence. About the only treatment a doctor could offer was bed rest. The medical field couldn't stop, or even slow, the suffering, much less prevent it
Or Do You Want to Come With Me and Change the World? You don't have to be Steve Jobs to change the world, just be your best self. And boldly power through whatever's holding you back to make it happen.
5 Steps To Waking Up Happy You woke up to a fresh new day full of possibilities. You woke up to an abundance of opportunities and passion. Follow these simple steps that will have you greeting the day with love, excitement and happiness.
Here's Evidence That Coming Together Is A Beautiful Thing 
Dudes 
Be a Fool Be fool enough to be kind even when it gets you nothing. Be fool enough to do what you love. Be foolish enough to dream loudly! Be fool enough to dance. Be a fool.
Success, Failure and Mastery Sarah Lewis helps us to reorient our thinking around the concept of mastery and the process that develops it. And it's the process that seems to be her real interest, because the process of growing in mastery of anything inevitably involves uncertainty, courage, failure, persistence and struggle.
Is Everything We Know About Breakfast Wrong? 
This Chart Shows Just How Much Higher The Depression Rate Is For The Long-Term Unemployed 
Dare to Be 100 
Is It Time for a 'Friendervention'? We're all too polite when it comes to telling people how we feel, or sharing our opinions. We don't want to hurt people's feelings or make them mad. But it's far more maddening when someone won't tell you to your face what people are saying behind your back.
The Unexpected Key To Loving Others If we truly want to create a world where love, caring and compassion comes first, we have to start at the source -- ourselves. It is only through self love that we can begin to give ourselves to others in any beneficial way.
Why I Kiss My Patients Patients today don't want professional distance; they want professional closeness with a doctor who has a big heart and a great love for people and service. And I strive to be that kind of doctor.
Facts You Need to Know About Protein (And How It Can Improve Your Health) Whether you're working on losing weight, building muscle mass or improving your overall diet, protein will play an important role in your success and these are the things you need to know about it.
5 Life Lessons From Running An Ultra-Marathon Each step I took was just one step closer to crossing the finish line of my 50-mile dream.  Take your first step and see where it takes you.
Lovingkindness For Yourself As Well In a way, we all deserve to be happy. That includes you. And as I came to learn, that includes me.
I Got Extra Sleep Last Night. Why Am I So Tired? 
7 Ways Outdoor Lovers Can Survive Allergy Season 
How A Big 'But' Is Getting In The Way Of Your Life I'm not talking about an approach where you sugar coat your life experiences so that everything is \really amazing\ and every day is \super fantastic.\ That's a bit nauseating. I'm talking about simply seeing the truthful beauty in life for what it is and trying to show a bit less but.
How To Stay Healthy On The Go This is the season for traveling and summer vacations. While we often do lots of research to find a great travel destination, we often do not have a plan to stay healthy while we are away.
An Insomniac's 5-Step Sleep Strategy For normal snoozers, sleep is involuntary and automatic. But for people like me, sleep is anything but automatic. And the more we try to engage in voluntary sleep, the more we impede the natural process and maintain a state of arousal.
Forced out of Our Comfort Zone 
Great Legs, Gross Teeth Runners have a contagious energy, an unusually positive outlook on life, and let's face it -- they look good in their spandex shorts. But, according to dentists and health professionals, runners and other endurance athletes are more prone to tooth decay and dental problems than the rest of the population.
What To Eat Before, During And After Your Workout We all know that what you eat is important, but so is when you eat, especially if you're active. That's why, in this infographic, I'll share what to eat before, during and after exercise.
Stress and How to Manage It Stress in the workplace is an increasing concern not just for those in the workforce, but also for large and small-scale employers. How employees manage stress on a day-to-day basis is an issue that many companies now view as a serious organizational issue.
9 Expert Tips For More Mindful Eating 
Living in Our Heads I have been hit by optic neuritis a handful of times in the last six years.  Decades of relative visual stability after a rocky start to my MS journey had lulled me into the silly assumption that I had won the battle and beaten back the neurological invader.
Do You Have Enough?! Mindfulness and Money 1-2-3 
Are You My Soulmate? Having relationship upsets and disappointments doesn't necessarily mean that we're a mismatch.  These things happen, even in the best partnerships and they are not indicators that we're not meant to be together. They are part of the process. The real question has to do with whether or not each of us is willing to learn and grow ourselves into whole, loving human beings.
5 Secret Ways Sleep Affects Your Marriage 
The Fittest People To Follow On Instagram 
A Message to All the Interns 
Because I Can 
Cynics, Stoics and Other People 
Brace Yourself, Here Come The Doctors On July 1 across America, recent medical school graduates will engage in an activity that will be altogether new, and probably terrifying. Should those of us who might be on the receiving end of this rite of passage be worried?
Nikki Lost 89 Pounds 
Focus on the Spaces What goal do you want to reach? Why is it important for you to reach it?  Without focusing on why or how it might NOT happen, tell me about the space that will allow you to reach that goal... and then take your first step.  Don't be too surprised when you see the path open up in front of you.
The Face of Health Care Reform 
The Truth About What Sitting All Day Is Doing to You Active breaks can help us all avoid the harmful effects of sitting all day. Take an active break at least once an hour, and remember that an active break can be effective even if it is as short as a minute or two.
So You Think You Can't Meditate 
Timeout or Burnout When I speak with family caregivers, especially in support groups, they often equate burnout with failure. Never mind the ramifications that burning out can have on a caregiver's health and well-being.
When It Comes To Sprint Interval Training, Men May Get An Added Benefit 
Start Wanting What You Really Want (and Stop Wanting What You Don't Want) We downplay our true desires out of fear and the uncomfortable feelings of vulnerability. Because what if we don't do what we set out to do?
About Love To be completely honest, though I am a complete love believer and no matter how much I love love, it scares me. I've seen love, I've felt love and I've been in love. But I've also seen and felt how bad it can hurt to try to un-love.
Why We Run The reasons we run are often extremely personal, and being a runner can take on various meanings. At the same time, though, there are things that many runners hold in common, none of which may be more salient than the hallowed value we place on our sport.
When Pets Don't Get Enough of the Right Kind of Protein 
Freeing the Caged Bird The caged bird sings because it must remember who or what it is at its core. It must await the readiness of choice. A choice to open its inner eyes and recognize the cage is always one of our own making.
What You Don't Know About Female Bodybuilders Everyone in fitness is a dedicated athlete and works hard every day to achieve certain goals. My goal is to simply shed light on the stereotype that bodybuilding is only about aesthetics and not about performance. Our competitions are certainly focused on how we present ourselves, but the athletic performance has taken place long beforehand.
Men Who Work on Themselves Are Sexy 
Strengthening Your Do-It-Anyway Muscle As Dr. Phil says, \You don't have to like it, you just have to do it.\ This means putting on your running shoes and grabbing your iPod, even as the voice in your head concocts various excuses and ideas to avoid sweating.
5 Ways To Create A Nurturing Relationship A spiritually aware relationship consists of two individuals on their own paths, who've decided to share roadways for a time. Both individuals help each other to learn and grow along those separate paths, while enjoying the experience of both paths meeting up -- sometimes alongside each other, sometimes branching out in different directions.
Decluttering With the Queen of Knives 
Why Men Are Stressed Out More Than Ever 
Spring Beauty Recipes Made By Your Herb Garden More than tasty garnishes, here are four ways you can use fresh herbs for holistic field-to-face grooming.
My Life of Autism and Asperger's Syndrome 
The New and Dangerous Eating Disorder I still have the tough days where the diet industry gets its hooks in me. I still feel a little guilty every time I rip open a little packet of fake sugar. But most days I feel proud of how far I've come. I relish food for the experience it brings, for the sustenance it gives me.
This Will Make All Of Your Troubling Thoughts Drift Away 
The High Price Of Being Crazy-Busy Being busy isn't a bad thing as long as it's purposeful, but too many people go from busy, to addicted to busy, to burned out.
Why Befriending Your Ambivalence Can Help You Change It might sound surprising then to hear that ambivalence can actually be the key to supporting your own change or someone else's. You could choose to view these thoughts as \caving\ or undermining your resolve. Or you could embrace these thoughts and feelings as a natural occurrence of ambivalence, completely expected in most change processes.
Study Shows Diet Drinkers Lose More Weight? Consider the Source Diet cola addicts, I mean drinkers, celebrated a recent study published in the journal Obesity that showed diet-soda drinkers lost more weight than water drinkers. The not-so-discreet news is that the American Beverage Association -- a deep-pocketed organization that supports giants like soft drinks, sports drinks and juice drinks -- funded this diet-soda study.
The Best-Kept Secrets to Exceptional Productivity Success, achievement, wealth, power, innovation are all things to strive for. But is there a way to disrupt the current modus operandi that ironically seems to break us down as it moves us up?
The One Exercise That Just Might Change Your Running Forever 
Making a Scary Future Without Antibiotics Real Resistance is a hard-to-grasp concept. Even harder, especially in a short clinic visit, is convincing a patient it's better to avoid antibiotics altogether, unless one really needs them.
A Five-Minute Solution to Solve the Breakfast Debate Time and lack of appetite are two reason folks skip breakfast. Manufacturers capitalize on these limitations with sugary cereals, snack bars, and other concoctions that skyrocket your blood sugar while providing little if any protein or essential nutrients.
Dispensing Advice (and Cake) at the Kitchen Table The pressures to achieve material and outward success will come at you from everywhere, and the world will not be generous in leaving you the time to connect with family and friends, to serve others, to fulfill your life in the most important ways. Setting those boundaries and creating that space comes down to you.
Stop It! 5 Easy Ways to Reduce Stress Our lives are so busy these days, it's hard not to feel some stress at one point or another.   But life doesn't have to be so stressful.  Here are five simple tips to help alleviate anxiety and stress.
There Are No Mistakes... Really? 
Gluten-Free Mania -- If You're Following the Fad, You're a Marketer's Dream and Part of the Confusion Why has the gluten-free trend taken off like wildfire in the last few years while the FODMAP diet has not really caught on even though it was developed way back in 1999 and shown to have a high success rate for people with IBS and even other gastrointestinal issues?
Going Through A Major Change? This Will Help You Embrace It 
The Economics of Solving Chronic Disease If we look at chronic disease from this angle, it is an empowering proposition. It is clear that we need to focus policy and incentives at this level to correct the \market failure\ at its source, first and foremost minimizing these negative externalities.
How to Recognize a Narcissist It can be relieving to know the source of trouble in a difficult relationship -- recognizing the patterns is a first step toward figuring out how to take care of yourself.
Hugh Jackman My father's dream to sing and dance on Broadway came true on his 85th birthday, thanks to Hugh Jackman.
Is Eating Healthy Food Enough to Change Your Mind? 
A Luminary Leaves a Legacy of Song Maya Angelou offered us a portal to see our lives in the form of real-time poetry. She gave birth to breaking through the cage and having the courage to talk about it. She reminds us that every day is a good day, because we never know what truths will emerge when faced with challenges.
The Most Beautiful Thing 
Loneliness and Legacy 
Get Home, Get Wine, Eat Food, Summertime Eating well, moving, and cooking don't have to be chores. They can compliment each other so you'll have more time to go back to watching TV or whatever you would rather be doing (although once you start moving to the music you may find you prefer that to watching TV).
How To Tackle A Fear Of Stress The good news is that stress isn't the only thing that's contagious; so is optimism, enthusiasm, positivity, and fun. If you want to feel good stuff reflected back at you, you've got to put something good out there to begin with.
Trance of 'Unreal Other' The truth is
Do the Mentally Ill Have to Be Extraordinary to Be Accepted? Why do people with a mental illness have to be only killers or geniuses? Why is it that being a regular human being isn't enough? What about all the rest of us who aren't artists, poets, musicians or world-class anything?
The 'Rules' I Choose To Live By As my years are folding one into the other, I have come to the immutable fact that there really are no outside \rules\ in life that really work. They are dictated and designed by someone else. So they reside exterior to my own soul.
Medicated Children 
What's Your Story? We're determined in the time we have left to edit out the dishonest plots, tired characters, obsolete themes, and destructive story lines, the creaky set pieces that block us from feeling real. We want to know ourselves in the end and not be deceived by bad fiction.
Midwives he State of the World's Midwifery 2014 report will offer a blueprint for maximizing the contributions that midwives can make to health systems worldwide. We have seen the life-saving effect that midwives can have. It is time to put these competent health care professionals within everyone's reach.
Shooting Stars, Hot Flashes and Feeling Sexy 
19 Remarkably Simple Yet Effective Ways to Combat Anxiety We all get stressed out sometimes, and it just happens more to some than others. Anxiety can take years off of your life, so don't ignore it. Take little steps, long breaths and some time to calm down, and you'll be just fine.
Gina Lost 137 Pounds 
Why You Should Be a FARC-er The unconscious fears that rule our lives have been hidden away for so long in most cases that we have no idea of their programming running in the background. Fear is usually our default program.
What Is the Power of Celebration? Don't put celebration off for another moment or for a special occasion. Tap into it. Step in and live the joyous power of celebrating and being grateful for life.
The Weekly Rune -- Raidho 
What's Better There's no doubt we can all make an effort to increase our standing or walking outside of the hours we're expected to sit.
9 Ways To Get The Most Out Of Your Mind 
Some Substance Use, Mental Conditions Have Similar Death Risks As Heavy Smoking 
10 Little Ways Everyone Can Change The World What's the thing that lingers on your heart -- that you just can't stop daydreaming about? Do the thing you would do if you could do anything. It's called your passion. And it's what you should be doing.
Does Poor Sleep Lead To Dementia? As we age, and our natural sleep architecture becomes increasingly fragmented, we should all be doing what we can to try and get a good night's sleep.
The Latest NFL Team To Prioritize Sleep 
Can We Alter Our Own Perceptions Of Reality? 
32 Truths I've Learned By My 32nd Birthday I felt so adult in my mid 20s, which I'm grateful for because I'm sure it propelled me to where I am today. But at 32, I can wholeheartedly say I feel much freer and younger in mind, body and spirit.
A Few Things I Would Have Done Differently When I Had Cancer There are many times during my little skirmish with cancer that I gave in to the physical beating. Friends would call and ask me to do things, and while my heart wanted to say yes, my brain would say \No. I'm too sick.\
Making Sense of Senseless Violence While I haven't commented on every episode of violence, I do feel compelled to observe incidents that occur near or on school grounds and college campuses -- places that should be safe and fun as they help us develop the promise of our youth and those seeking to better their lives and those of others. Instead they've become all too often a setting of tragedy and a reminder of the fragility of life.
Requiem for a Buoyant, Enduring Spirit What impressed me the most about Lindsey is that cancer never defined her. It was just part of her story. The cancer crept into her healthy tissues, her bones, her organs, but it never got to her spirit. It never touched that.
In Treating Some Cancer Patients, Less May Be More 
Things Maya Told Me I was immediately entranced by her beautiful, luminous spirit which beamed through the phone, and also by her distinctive, unforgettable, commanding voice. Maya Angelou is the one person whose interviews I did not have to slow down to transcribe -- she talked with such resounding, measured magnificence, as if every melodious word was a treasured gift.
Thriving Through Forgiveness Forgiveness is exactly what needs to be done in order for you to grow emotionally, physically and spiritually.  This is a major component of joyful living.
Delayed Gratification Consistently choosing immediate reward over delayed gratification is a common problem for compulsive overeaters.  Scientists call this intertemporal choice (IC), meaning choices that differ in the timing of their consequences.
Emil Lost 125 Pounds 
The Best City For Parks Is... 
Cancer Type May Be Linked With Socioeconomic Status 
7 Ways To Make Cardio More Fun If you are barely breaking a sweat anymore and feel like you are simply going through the motions with your routine -- kick it up a notch! Playing with the inclines and speed will take your mind off of counting down the minutes that pass. It will also make the workout more of a challenge, meaning more calories burned even faster!
Growing Up and Free Will Believe that free will is an opportunity to follow your good intentions toward success. Become comfortable with yourself, have faith that your hard work will lead to your success, and channel that drive inwards so that it will project outward and reward you with your dreams.
Eliminate Competition to Authentically Celebrate Successes of Others The key is to continually work toward complete authenticity at which point you will resonate with just the right people. It's a magical key to happiness and success!
Osteoporosis If you like standing on your own two feet, taking care of your bones is about as sexy as it gets.
10 Ways to Stay Active While Coping With Illness When you don't feel well, the motivation to do something active can be nonexistent. It is much easier to turn the TV on, check out and give into your symptoms. However, with chronic illness, this isn't always the best thing to do.
How I Performed 1,000 Burpees... Almost Effortlessly The zone is something that every athlete has experienced, but for most people, it is an elusive \x\ factor that only comes around on rare occasions. And especially rare when it has to do with burpees.
Thrive Live Recap Over two days we heard from neuroscientists, doctors, musicians, writers, teachers, comedians, artists and a yoga instructor who led what was probably Manhattan's biggest yoga class. I hope the more than 2,000 attendees were able to take home some tools to make changes in their daily lives. But for those of you who weren't able to make it, here are some highlights from the conference.
Fewer Words About Sex, Food and Documentaries If we can't trust any prior experts, why on earth should we trust this batch? The message that experts can't be trusted does exactly what it is intended to do
Everything You Need To Know Before Riding A Road Bike Pro cyclist Allison Tetrick offers tips that make the transition from spin class to tough terrain less terrifying.
Dealing With Temper Tantrums Anger and rage can destroy a person's ambitions, potential and dreams. It can even cost their life or the life of someone dear to them. This has been proven time and time again.
10 Ways to Eat Out Healthfully Socializing is crucial to your well-being, and if eating out with others is your way of socializing, it is in your best interest to find a way to make it work for you. You can eat out, eat healthfully, and manage your weight at the same time, wherever you eat.
9 Self-Assuring Affirmations For When You Need A Little Boost 
Change My Life in 60 Seconds -- Are You Nuts? 
Where You Live Can Determine How Long You Live Seven years. That is the difference in the life expectancy of someone living near the Tenleytown-AU station, which is in the District of Columbia, and someone who lives near the Friendship Heights station, which is in Montgomery County, Maryland.
Sarah Lost 122 Pounds 
What I Learned From Surviving Cancer Even when things seem to have gotten as bad as they possibly can, you still have things to be grateful for.
What This Former President Can Teach Us About Productivity Eisenhower had an incredible ability to sustain his productivity not just for weeks or months, but for decades. And for that reason, it is no surprise that his methods for time management, task management, and productivity have been studied by many people.
How To Sleep Better, Together One of the biggest complaints you will hear from people during the day is how tired they are.  While lack of sleep can have many causes, sharing a bed with a partner is linked to a decreased ability to sleep well.  But for many, sharing a bed is a sacred part of the partnership.
On The Road And Want To Work Out? There's An App For That 
Postcard From London \The English are not very spiritual people,\ goes the quote, often attributed to George Bernard Shaw, \so they invented cricket to give them some idea of eternity.\ Having arrived in London for the UK publication of Thrive, I can happily say that, when it comes to matters of the soul, the British have evolved quite a bit since Shaw's quip.
Bareback 
The Key To Avoiding Self-Destructive Behaviors In The Face Of Failure 
New Campaign Seeks To Help Sleep-Deprived Americans 
How Having A Purpose Improves Your Life Seeking your purpose in the form of something larger than yourself, that beckons you, while keeping short-term self-interest at bay, makes you more likely to find and fulfill it --  while living a long, healthier life.
Why You Shouldn't Wait For A Health Scare To Reduce Your Stress 
8 Ways To (Effectively) Manage Your Time 
The Top 10 Tips For A Better Night's Sleep 
9 Places We Never Remember To Put Sunscreen 
A Simple Experiment in Empathy After the phone call I feel like a tiny tear in the fabric of my own humanity has been restored. All through this simple experiment in empathy.
Red Wine May Have Cavity-Fighting Powers 
How to Meditate At first, you may find that your mind wanders quite a lot.  After a while though, you will find that it becomes easier to remain anchored to your object as the waves in your mind start to settle and your thoughts begin to slow.
7 Smart Solutions For A Healthier Memorial Day BBQ Although grilling can be one of the healthiest and tastiest ways to cook, a typical BBQ menu of burgers, brats and dogs, and creamy sides can be a diet disaster totaling more than 2,000 calories.
It's an Accessible Life Always, always, it comes back to what a garden means to me. A garden offers structure and reliable cycles. There's the renewal that's visible with each plant and tree, each blossom or new leaf.
The One Thing You're Forgetting To 'Spring Clean' We all need to spruce up after a long, trying winter.  There are gardens to plant, closets to clean and clothing to swap.  But while cleaning up your outsides, don't forget the most important part
5 Signs You Should Be Eating More Carbs (Really!) 
Swing Hard (Just in Case You Hit It) 
How Veterans Are Finding Peace And Healing Through Meditation 
10 Years Later -- Reunion Reflections on Success It took some time to realize that even though my title and pay were the highest they had ever been, this situation was not sustainable. I was spending more time in my car than with my daughter every day, and I found that unnerving.
I'm Addicted to the Internet -- So What? Here's what I know
40 Years on the Fence I think in turning 40, perhaps it is forcing me to take a step back. Not to look at 40 years that have passed, but rather 14,600 days that have passed -- 14,600 days to make myself either a better person, a worse person or a person that can make a difference in someone else's life.
Is My Diet Soda Addiction a Problem? I have found myself more concerned about my diet soda consumption and seriously wondering about any health side effects. I have gone through cavities, crowns, root canals, bridges, dental implants and an osteopenia diagnosis.
skiing If you're an outdoor adventure addict like I am, the activities you love in the off-season are great for keeping in shape for skiing. Mountain biking, backpacking, hiking, climbing, even stand up paddleboarding and kayaking can help maintain strength and endurance when it's not snowing.
I'm Not Crazy If we want to help veterans transition successfully -- to become as productive in civilian life as they were overseas -- then we need to change how we talk about mental injuries sustained in combat.
How To Live To Be 110 In the Andes Mountains of Peru, living in extreme poverty, Filomena Taipe Mendoza, 116 years old, is in the running to become the world's oldest living person. If her claim proves to be true, it would make her three months older than Misao Okawa of Japan, who currently holds the record for the oldest living person.
Let's Ban Food and Beverage Ads! We Can Eat When We Are Hungry and Drink When We Are Thirsty Like Nature Intended Hunger is nature's way of telling us that we are energy deficient and should eat. The \genius\ of advertising is that we eat even when we are not hungry and we do so without even being consciously aware of our eating behavior.
Embrace Change, Enable Dialogue (Part 2) 
Choose to Chew on Better Health Choices for Your Child 
Taking Care of You Is Taking Care of Business I passionately believe that our health and well-being are the foundation in which everything that is important and meaningful in our lives must be built upon. In this complicated world in which we live, if we want to thrive, not merely survive, we must elevate self-care to the highest priority of our days.
5 Easy Ways To Feel Totally Transformed (Even If You're Not There Yet) \Transformed\ is a big word, but the process doesn't have to be as big and scary as it sounds. Sure, we can achieve total spiritual and mental transformation by venturing down any number of roads
The Life-Changing Lesson I Learned at 19, Plus How Arianna Huffington Contributed to My Triumphant Year I'll simply ask, \What can I learn and how can I be better for it?\ I think that this thing called life is all about that. Nothing is here to punish us, but to help us become the highest version of ourselves.
Is the FDA Sleeping on the Job When It Comes to Sleeping Pills? A few days ago, the FDA cut the recommended dosage for one of the most popular sleeping pills in half. This brings up some questions -- to put it politely.
Tai Chi, Part 1 (VIDEO) Tai Chi is for everyone, and you can do Tai Chi wherever you happen to be in your life and your location.  You don't need special clothes, and you don't need a special place.  Every place is special when you practice Tai Chi there.
The Disney School of Dreams and Reality Think about this fact
Darrell Lost 125 Pounds 
25 Simple Ways You Can Improve Every Relationship In Your Life Express love. Be open-minded and non-judgmental. Extend love to yourself and to others. Choose to be loving whenever possible -- it is always possible.
What Being A Therapist Taught Me About Gratitude Over 40 years of almost continuous practice
This Nighttime Phenomenon Could Be Causing Your Headaches And Jaw Pain 
How Wholesome Is New York's Official State Snack? Proclaiming yogurt as an official state snack is a terribly misguided proposal since the majority of yogurt on the market today is full of added sugars. The saddest part is those yogurts marketed to kids tend to have the most added sugars.
The One Phrase We Should Stop Using If you've ever been on the receiving end of these words, you know that the last thing that you feel like doing upon hearing them is to drop your guard and open your heart. Ironically, that's probably exactly what the person delivering these words is trying to get you to do.
Foreign Doctors, Nurses In Saudi Arabia Could Take MERS Global 
Recreate Yourself While the consequence of being authentic and great will not likely lead to exile or death in a civilized society, it may lead to rejection. We must ask ourselves, \is being authentic and great worth this rejection?
Want To Make Meetings More Productive? Start Walking 
What's Better Choosing between a gym membership and group classes isn't an easy decision.
Proof You Should Let Your Mind Wander More 
Thousands Of Toddlers Are Medicated For A.D.H.D. 
5 Ways To Disconnect From A Toxic Relationship Remember, you come first.   No one will treat you with love or respect unless you do so first for yourself.  Releasing non-supportive relationships are one of the first ways to do this!
Why You Shouldn't Swallow Pool Water 
7 Healthy Oatmeal And Yogurt Toppings To Try Today 
REPORT 
Knee Osteoarthritis Treatment Shows Promise In Early Trial 
3 Predictors of Whether You Will Win the Battle Against the Underrecovery Monster Recovery is your ability to meet or exceed performance in a particular activity. This means that if you walk into your workout and you can't achieve a marked improvement in how much you can lift or how fast you can move, you're battling the underrecovery monster.
The Best Thing To Do With An Accounting Degree? DJ Across America 
A Conversation on Death and Dying With My 5-Year-Old Daughter My daughter is weeks away from celebrating her seventh birthday. We've experienced additional and unexpected deaths in the family since her paternal grandfather's departure. She often recalls our reading of the children's book that helped her understand the cycle of life.
Get More Sleep I really do appreciate all the new science that supports the importance of sleep. But I think today in our modern times, instead of researchers telling us we're arrogantly ignoring our body clocks, we need to be more practical and to do the math.
Are You Getting Enough Vitamin D? No matter how old you are or where you live, there's a good chance that you could be deficient in vitamin D. A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine reported that an estimated 1 billion people worldwide have inadequate amounts of vitamin D in their blood.
12 Habits of Highly Heathy People New experiences can be both exciting and scary, but overcoming your fear, embracing your strengths, and demonstrating curiosity will reap the benefits of personal growth and discovery, contributing to good health.
Breaking Free of Clutter You can keep living under piles of possessions, whether they're in plain sight or hidden away in closets and spare rooms, or you can choose to finally get free of them. Once you start the purge, you are likely to find yourself feeling lighter and less burdened.
Amanda Lost 110 Pounds 
5 Things Cancer Taught Me About Being A Doctor When someone you love is sick, it's like you're sick. My family suffered through my illness perhaps worse than I did. Now that I know this -- I realize that I have a responsibility primarily to my patient but also to their family. Because in the end, everyone suffers together.
3 Reasons You're More Stressed Than Joyful Wonder doesn't disappear on its own. We let it go. And we don't have to. In fact, our creativity, imagination and well-being thrive on a degree of being delighted, amused and in awe of the world around us.
New Evidence More Exercise Isn't Always Better 
How to Date the Muse The muse loves a life devoted to honoring your true self. She wants you to become who you are. She wants you to feel good. And when you feel good she'll want to hang out with you often.
The 5 Most Sugary Cereals 
If You Have (Or Had) a Toxic Relationship of Any Kind, Read This Now Stop staying with toxic people. Choose to focus your time, energy and conversation around  people who inspire you, support you and help you to grow you into your happiest, strongest, wisest self.
An Open Letter to President Obama Before this nation makes Wi-Fi in schools like it is in coffee shops, as the president recently urged, we need to consider what this could do to our children's brains and bodies.
Remember Your Roots, Blossom Here Now The funny thing about growing up is that we try so hard to fit in, be cool, laugh and love accordingly. Even funnier, the growing up part doesn't suddenly stop when we hit 21 or even 30. It's unique to each of us, like the white tiger's pink paws in fresh snow.
5 Scientifically-Backed Ways To Brighten Your Day Recent studies are upending the age-old belief that emotions just happen to us. In fact, its just the opposite. We often choose which emotions we'll experience. The problem is, we don't realize exactly how we bring these emotions on ourselves.
The Top CrossFit Stereotypes Debunked 
Dove Controversy Recognizing our worth can be tough when nagged by constant self-criticism, but subduing it is crucial to being authentic to ourselves. Many times a disparaging voice chatters in our head saying we're not smart enough, good enough, or attractive enough.
What Happens When Nightmares And Insomnia Mix Nightmares also can have an impact on our moods the next morning, bringing anxiety and difficult emotions into the waking day. New research suggests that nightmares also have an aggravating effect on symptoms of depression, and in combination with insomnia may significantly exacerbate the severity of the mood disorder.
Veterans' Well-Being I hope that one day a veteran can walk into any VA hospital or health care facility and be given options for any affliction that they're facing without being put on a waiting list. The government needs to help veterans get access to health care that they deserve.
Knowing Yourself Is Real Success You have the powerful ability to create your own life. It's absolutely possible. As a matter of fact, your authentic or true self is with you right now. It waits for you. Genuine happiness and success will be yours, when you make the choice to find out who you really are.
Want to Be Healthier? Flirt More 
On Becoming a 21st Century Stoic 
Celebrating Passion and Purpose Today I'm celebrating the role that being a mom has made in our business. And you know what?\u00a0 It's a pretty damn awesome role, filled with passion and purpose.
'Black Women Don't Have Eating Disorders' The idea that any group is immune to eating disorders is a damaging one, because if a condition is not acknowledged and diagnosed, it will not be addressed, treated, and healed.
The Secret Weapon That Can Bring Instant Calm 
7 Food Mistakes That Are Sabotaging Your Health Healthy eating is a hot topic these days, and specific diet regimens are even hotter. But the truth is that that isn't one right way for everyone. Period. What's working for your best friend may or may not work for you.
The Truth About Binge Eating This is different from occasionally overeating or eating too much during the holidays. Recurrent binge eating is much less common, far more severe, and is associated with significant physical and psychological problems.
Stop Letting Negative People Drag You Down 
These Medical Marvels Are Proof Science Is Amazing 
Could Alcohol Use Disorders Be Treated With Medication? 
10 Compound Exercises For A Quick Full-Body Workout I am a huge fan of compound movements that work many muscle groups all in one exercise.  Since humans move in all planes of motion, it is wise to train your body in multiple planes through multi-joint exercises so that you can maximize your strength and stamina for everyday life.
7 Ways To Recognize Depression In 20-Somethings 
How to Connect to Conscience, Our Most Powerful Resource 
Are You Fed Up? You Will Be Soon 
Why You'll Never Have to Diet Again Fad diets might be appealing to quickly shed pounds, but they don't lead to lasting weight loss. The key to reaching a healthy weight and staying there is banishing those bad habits and replacing them with healthy, long-lasting routines.
Why This Woman Gave Up Her Career In Finance To Pursue Her Passion For Yoga 
How Bacteria in Our Gut Can Guide GI Treatment Even though greater access to mass DNA sequencing technology and the emergence of bioinformatics has given us the ability to study the four pounds of microorganisms that make up the microbiome in greater detail, there's still much more that we can learn about the body's \unsung organ.\
Redefining Success -- Lessons From Arianna Huffington's Thrive Millennials grew up attached to technology, wired 24/7, but Huffington's honest and fundamental perspective provides us a window of reflection into something that is often neglected -- to bring attention on the topic of our well-being.
7 Secrets to Avoid Burnout While Working a Full-Time Job and Building Your Side Hustle Today's new reality includes more and more people having multiple jobs and wanting to create additional streams of income. I want to share with you the seven changes that I have implemented in my own life in order to avoid burnout.
Forget The 'Bikini Body', This Is the Muscle You Should Be Focusing On As the temperatures rise this season, aim to let cooler heads prevail by focusing on true summer fitness, physical and mental. You can use this summer to work on the \core\ you by starting to ask yourself now, \What will help me strengthen my core self?\
10 Things Creative People Do Have you ever wondered why some people are more creative than others? Did you ever wish that you had more of that particular gene?  The good news is that research shows that happiness and creativity are not only related, they can be developed.
Stop Wasting Time on the Details and Commit to the Fundamentals What good is a lateral raise if you can't do a proper press? What good is a fancy business logo if you haven't found your first paying customer? What good is a better guitar if you haven't built the habit of practicing each day?
When Your Back Is Against the Wall... Push! You have two choices... quit or move forward.  Since quitting is not an option, you must push forward.  Sure, the uncertainties of life can overwhelm you, but you are equipped for the task!  It is important to stand in your reality.
Nurture Yourself Inside and Out I recently attended Arianna Huffington's event, THRIVE, and listened to both Dr. Dean Ornish and Dr. Mark Hyman discussing the significant role of diet in overall well-being. The physical cannot be separated from the mental, and in fact without it thriving is almost impossible.
The Simple Yet Valuable Lesson Arianna Huffington Learned From Her Mother 
Can We Really Control Our Dreams? 
Why You Should Work For Stronger -- Not Slimmer -- Legs Let's talk about legs. Since the muscle groups are so large, it means they burn the most calories. They also provide the most energy based on their size, so stronger legs will increase endurance. Increased endurance means less fatigue. Less fatigue means more partying!
The Best Happiness Advice, According To Moms 
What To Do When You're Not The Person You Need To Be The journey is what shapes you into the person you need to be. The successes, failures, experiences, connections, lessons, tears, laughter, and everything in between. I wouldn't be who I am today if I hadn't started working to become it.
12 Healthy Habits The World Can Learn From Hawaii Locals Locals know that they are blessed with some of the most unspoiled natural wonders of the world. This means gratitude is the backbone of the Hawaiian heart.
This New Fitness Studio Will Make You Feel Like A Pro Athlete The team sport mindset is tough to replicate after we age out of high school and college athletics, but Tone House gets close.
Navy Officials Shift Schedules For A Better Night's Sleep 
Evicting the Obnoxious Roommate in Your Head Even our worst enemies don't talk about us the way we talk to ourselves. I call this voice the obnoxious roommate living in our head. It feeds on putting us down and strengthening our insecurities and doubts.
12 Steps (Because We Are All Addicted) Have a specific time at night when you regularly turn off your devices -- and gently escort them out of your bedroom. Disconnecting from the digital world will help you reconnect to your wisdom, intuition and creativity.
WATCH 
The Rise Of The Fitness Tribe A fitness tribe is what you make of it. It can be infinitely flexible or it can be a bit more formal, with scheduled workouts, eating plans, and a tribe name (let's go, Cardio Queens!). Still, the most successful fitness tribes have four key ingredients.
Cancer Is Literally Sh*t Don't worry, I can hear what you're thinking, \How is this related to your cancer, Alexandra?\ Well, let me tell you, my cancer has literally been shit. Some of the grossest, funniest moments since my diagnosis have involved just that -- poo and toilets.
The Importance Of Making Headspace When I have a small opportunity to stop, I can hardly relax. Unclenching, relaxing, relenting requires a kind of headspace I struggle to find. It's not simply untethering from responsibilities or checking items off of a list. For me, I have to relax my own expectations of myself (and others).
How Our Connectivity Is Influencing Our Real-Life Connections At the end of your days, your Facebook friends won't fill the room at your funeral. The ones who do arrive won't commend your text messaging speed or ability to Instagram perfectly filtered photos.
7 Tips For Better Willpower Scientists have studied the mystery of willpower for decades.  Some very interesting hypotheses have been found just in this last decade.
15 Million Americans Struggle With This Medical Condition -- And A New Study Shows How Yoga Could Help 
First U.S. MERS Patient Released From Hospital 
Why Be a Nurse? While many professions involve working with the abstract, the derivative, and the representational, nurses deal with the concrete and the real.
The 2 Beliefs That Keep You Stuck In A Stress Cycle There wasn't one person who graced that stage who didn't, at one time or another, think, \This is too much. I can't handle it.\ And everyone who has come around the bend of that stress-induced despair didn't do it by beating stress or \winning,\ but by changing their mindset.
A Moment Shared Around the World, the Collective Field 
To Lower Stress Levels, Stop Checking Your Work Email 
What I Learned About Friendship By Running My First Half Marathon Through several miles of my race, I was preoccupied with whether or not my pace was fast enough to keep me from being swept from the course. It hit me then that I don't want to go through life with people who keep their heads down and press miserably toward their goal. May I choose partners in this race who stop for a selfie with Abe Lincoln or stop to enjoy the sunset when I'm busy rushing my kids out of the playground before dark.
The 5 Most Important Lifts To Master 
Asthma Patients Could Face Higher Risk Of Bone Loss 
Easy Ways To Sneak In More Fruits And Veggies If you thought fitting in five fruits and veggies a day was tough, hold onto your fruit bowl
Why Your Friend Doesn't Experience Stress the Same Way You Do When I finally touched the ceiling with my right hand, I felt a special pride that I hadn't felt in months -- overcoming an ancient fear and doing something completely new at 58 years of age. It was a great feeling.
Mom's Fight to Overcome Stroke Inspired NBA Star Paul George -- Now, They Aim to Inspire Others On Sunday, on Mother's Day, Paul and the Indiana Pacers will take on the Washington Wizards in a playoff game. Paulette will watch eagerly, perhaps even taking a moment to connect the dots on how far each of them have come in their own struggles.
Fed Up These days, the conversation is moving away from blaming \fat\ people for abusing food and refocusing on the way food is made.  The entire country has been on a sugar high for most of our lives, and the body needs a break.
9 Reasons To Take A Nap Today 
Sobriety I wasn't a perfect match for anything other than rehab, and that didn't come until years later. These guys would soon figure that out. If not on the first date, then definitely by the second or third. Then, on to the next one.
Patients and Virtue Stereotypes about surgeons do not include the emotions that this surgeon conveys. His profound humanity is an example of wonder at work. His partnership with patients reflects the aspect of his work that touches his soul, and a world view that we are all connected.
Mother's Day In my work teaching older adults, I listen to their issues, guide them in living healthier lives, and build their confidence to keep them moving strong.  I feel I have an honored role.  Together we sort out what matters most in their lives, and find solutions to help them live full, enriched, independent lives.  In return, I receive their joy and wisdom.
Trading Hollywood Parties For A Simple Country Life Helped This Man Find True Happiness 
Expectant Mother's Day Dreams 
The Doctor Will See You... at 11 P.M. -- The Power of Asynchronous Medicine When patients have highly-specialized conditions, and there's only a handful of doctors on the planet qualified to treat them, then the power of asynchronous medicine can truly make itself known.
The Real Mothers of Mother's Day I hold your hand if you are a mother who can no longer see, touch or hold your child in your arms. I walk with you. In silence. I walk with you in respect. And I find a way to travel the depths of sorrow you have to live with every single day. Especially on Mother's Day.
Don't Underestimate the Value of Life's Little (And Not-So-Little) Crises Although it may sound like a clich\u00e9, there is truth to the saying that pain is sometimes the price that we must be willing to pay for growth.
How to Experience the Benefits of Exercise Without Moving Physical activity is protective of our health and so is spiritual activity.
The Type Of Meditation You Haven't Been Practicing (But Should Be) The more we practice seated meditation in our down time, the more lucid and stable our minds become and the more likely it becomes that we'll use it to engage minor annoyances as they occur in our daily lives.
8 Insights Into Conscious Relationship Examining how these threads come together to create the balances and imbalances informing the relationship can provide insight into what's working and what may need some work.
The CDC's New Initiative on Parasitic Infections Coinciding with the publication of a series of articles in the American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (AJTMH), the new CDC initiative will prioritize five major parasitic diseases, which are considered neglected because they mainly impact Americans who live in extreme poverty, especially in the southern United States and in degraded urban areas of major US cities.
The 3-Day Reset Healthy eating need not be confusing, nor should it require rules, restrictions, or sacrifices in flavor. In fact, we are all biologically hardwired to crave healthy, whole foods. All we need to do is restore ourselves back to what comes naturally.
The Case For Napping On The Job Since \sleeping on the job\ has long been associated with laziness, I was terrified of being discovered. But because my afternoon naps had such an obvious positive effect on my ability to function in the later hours of the day, I made every effort to sneak them in.
3 Reasons You Picked the Wrong Doctor 
Black and Blue I am tired of keeping quiet about my sadness, energy loss, feelings of worthlessness, and the oversleeping because I am afraid that I will wake up and still be in pain. Silencing our hurt will not heal us. Depression is killing us, more rapidly than we'd like to admit.
Anger 
7 Facts You Probably Didn't Know About Nuts Nuts are one of the most amazing foods on the planet. They are loaded with fiber, nutrients and heart healthy fats. They're void of sugar and contain minimal carbohydrates, and best of all, they taste heavenly.
Is Weight Gain A Deterrent To Quitting Smoking? 
Finding Balance in a Contemplative Life 
Voluntary Medical Male Circumcision for HIV Prevention Finds Success at Scale What has been achieved in a relatively short period of time is remarkable and a testament to what the international community can accomplish if it works together with countries hardest hit by the epidemic. Now we can all look forward to the first time the world gives birth to an AIDS-free generation.
Got Advanced Cancer? Consider Clinical Trials Increased volunteer participation in trials offers patients access to cutting-edge treatments and contributes to the development of better treatments to prolong life and eventually drive those cancers into remission.
When It's Time to Say Goodbye One morning I really looked in the mirror and understood that the relationship I was trying to save was quietly killing me. The reflected bounce-back of the \me\ in this broken \we\ was a sad, lost lady with only my name riding her face.
The Thing About Horses Next time you are around horses, breathe deeply and get quiet inside. Tune in to them from your heart and you will feel the depth of these magnificent animals. If you open your heart and soul, you will understand why some of us have a thing about horses.
Make Peace with Your Body and Appearance 
Can You Really Sleep Away Your Fears? Wouldn't it be amazing if we could just sleep away our fears? What if there was a way to conquer our fears that involved nothing more taxing than lying down calmly to sleep at night?
Releasing the Pain to Move Forward 
LOOK 
3 Tips to Find Inner Peace With Lyme Disease or Chronic Illness Adversity puts you on a road, a journey, where you will face challenges and in the process learn more about who you are and what the deeper meaning of life is for you. That is the takeaway.
Dopey? Yes. Crazy? Not a Bit. So I have a goal. What I'm not clear on is how a human being trains for a 48.6 mile weekend. But here's one thing I do know
Is Positive Thinking Undermining Our Health? Let's not avoid one whole side of that spectrum of emotion, just to put off the appearance of being positive. Let's live as authentically as we can, for the sake of our own health, and the health of those around us.
Mental Health Wellness Critical to Nation's Well-Being This month, The Chicago School of Professional Psychology observes Mental Health Awareness Month. It is an occasion to highlight how critical mental health wellness is to our collective well-being, and the growing acknowledgement of the crucial interplay between emotional and physical health.
Autism 
10 Get-Fit Secrets From Our Favorite Celebs Totally doable tips to staying slim and fit from some of our favorite healthy ladies. Which star's trick works best for you?
This Third Grader's Advice Is All You Need For A Happy Life \Look for the wow\ is one of the happiness habits we have been practicing as we develop our poetry writing and photography skills through our interdisciplinary unit on self-expression. We define the \wow\ as the small moments that make life wonderful, the little things for which we can be grateful.
Your Partner's Low T Rx Prescription testosterone is unnecessary and dangerous for women and children, not just most men. Very few medical prescriptions given to a man affect a female partner and family so intimately and affect desired intimacy and passion in just the wrong way.
Life 
Improving Our Nation's Brain Health Despite all the promising new research, advances in brain science have not gotten the attention they deserve from policy makers and the public. Fortunately, that is beginning to change.
Orthopedic Disease in Large Breed Puppies 
8 Foods High In Magnesium 
The Truly Awful Part About Food Allergies (And How I Got Over It) Food is not just food, after all, and the fact that I wasn't able to share a normal meal with those who mattered most to me made me feel isolated and alone.
Transform Your Treadmill Workout 
Miesha Lost 78 Pounds 
The Vacation Mistake We're All Making 
Natural 
FDA Questions Use Of Aspirin To Prevent First Heart Attack 
That E-Cigarette May Be Emitting Formaldehyde 
8 Myths And Facts About Stress 
The 5 Stages Of Going Paleo You don't really know much about this whole Paleo thing, but how hard could it be, right?!  Right.  Just remember that old saying
Experts Fret About Deadly Virus' Great Unknowns 
Man With First U.S. Case Of MERS Improving 
The Best Tips to Get You Fit for Summer Fast It always sneaks up on you; one minute you're surrounded by chocolates on Valentine's Day, then before you can say \I'm going on a diet\ you're suddenly accepting invites to beach barbecues and pool parties.
6 Relaxation Tips To Help You Sleep 
The Top 10 Workout Songs For May This month's top 10 list contains a healthy mix of perennial favorites and relative upstarts. Chart regulars like Shakira and OneRepublic both clock in with their most recent singles.
7 Happiness Lessons I Learned From My Mother My mother shaped the woman I would become, the family I would create and the business I would build. In this month that celebrates motherhood, I'd like to share some of my mother's best advice.
5 Reasons Why You're Not Broken You are the only person professionally qualified to be yourself. So why are you spending so much of your time and energy trying to improve, enhance, fix or change the person that you already are?
5 Essential Life Lessons We All Need To Learn Everyday experiences come with many lessons to be learned. No matter who you are or where you are from, there are things we will all go through. Here are five fundamentals that life teaches all of us.
5 Easy Weight-Loss Tips That Really Work Here are simple strategies, which I have seen work for clients trying to lose weight in time for summer and more importantly, help them keep it off and be able to enjoy meals and treats with family and friends.
Scientists Can Predict Whether You Can Resist That Donut By Looking At Your Brain 
The Arrogance of Dieting Trade in the arrogance of dieting for the confidence of body wisdom! Mindful eating is a non-judgmental, flexible approach that frees you up to focus on living your life instead of counting, weighing, measuring and obsessing about food.
Why Antidepressants Won't Solve the Depression Epidemic We can no longer afford to allow antidepressants to be our sole response to the raging depression epidemic. We must pursue a broader range of solutions.
How to Eat Cake 
Spring Cleaning Your Calendar We all know the satisfaction and relief -- the sense of space -- that comes from spring cleaning our closets. Calendars are like closets. If your calendar runneth over and you don't have time to breathe, it's time for a spring cleaning.
How Women Sleep Differently Than Men -- And Why It Matters 
America's Most Sleep-Deprived State (Hint We all know that Americans need more quality sleep, and we know the consequences of skimping on sleep. But do you know how sleep-deprived your particular state is? As a Californian, I would have guessed we are relatively more sleep deprived out here, and ditto for New York. And I would have been wrong.
11 Years Later 
What's the ROI of a Smile? Smiling is good for you -- both physically and mentally. In fact, there are a slew of scientific studies that prove the physical and psychological effects of smiling. And I'm not talking about fake smiles, but honest-to-goodness smiles that reach your eyes. They not only affect you, but also have an impact on others around you.
Introductions With the Dead Introductions with living patients tend to be hard, because you are asking a stranger to trust you with the utmost intimate details of their lives. Introductions with the dead are harder. They tend to be the most enigmatic patients.
Opposites Attract, But It May Not Last, Unless... No matter how opposite you may be, chances are there's common ground. Your challenge is to find it, rather than making your partner wrong.
Now There Will Be a Market Even for Secondhand Food 
Letter to 10-Year-Old Self Put on your Wonder Woman underwear, even if they don't fit, and vow to keep them forever. Wear them in times of difficulty. Hold on to your 10-year-old self and feel the wonder that is in you and be the wonderful that you are. You are and will forever be a Wonder Woman.
In Preparation for Mother's Day I have seen numerous adults make a decision about improving their relationships with their mothers. With some work, they were able to launch a truly transformative experience creating a new and supportive relationship with their mothers.
What Tom Sawyer Taught Me About Overcoming Anorexia 
Fit Links 
A Holistic View of Evidence-Based Medicine Integrative Medicine is not an invitation to supplant evidence with wishful thinking. It is an invitation to a wider array of treatment options, and the prospect of effectively addressing patient need more of the time. Realizing such potential benefits -- at the Cleveland Clinic, or anywhere else -- requires both open mindedness and careful skepticism.
How To Find Some Calm When You Just Can't Meditate 
American Health Care Post-ACA 
Why Stand Up Paddleboard Yoga Is Pure Bliss Yoga feels good. But practicing yoga on a board in the middle of a bay or in the ocean is simply delightful.
How I Healed From Acne I'm not an expert in women's health, dermatology or even cosmetics but I am a woman who has learned from personal experience that acne is more than a skin-deep issue.
LOOK 
8 Ways to Turn Your Bedroom on for Love With Feng Shui Don't disregard the bedroom's effect on your love life. Whether single or in love, enhancing this room affects all aspects of your relationship. And, when we feel loved, in balance and safe in our relationships, all other areas of our life seem to flow.
Gabriel Garcia M\u00e1rquez and Homeopathic Medicine Garcia M\u00e1rquez has been a part of a long tradition of literary greats who were known to use and/or advocate for homeopathic medicine.
Chemo With a Side of Kale My cancer diagnosis came as a shock to me, completely unexpected, not only because of my young age, but also because I have been an active, health-conscious individual throughout my entire life. My answer to that question was to adapt my old habits to my new life.
Learn to Fix the No. 1 Mistake You Are Making in Yoga Practice 
Why Diseases Don't Exist and What Really Makes You Sick 
Beyond 'Survival' As I talk to my fellow survivors I truly can't believe I spent so many years disconnected from this group of my peers with such an incredible shared experience. Through opening up about our stories I am learning so much about this long journey of survivorship we are all on.
Why Keeping a Food Journal Is Better Than Going on a Diet It's unwise to try and completely change your diet and lifestyle if you want to be successful at losing weight and keeping it off long term.  It's best to work with what you are doing now and modify it slightly in such a way that you can keep that up for the rest of your life.
The Two Most Important Days of Your Life The day I found my purpose really was like being born again. It was more than just figuring out what I wanted to do with my life, it was feeling like I finally belonged here in the world; I finally stopped feeling like a mistake.
7 Mistakes You Can Make When It Comes To Trust Trust isn't developed from the absence of conflict, but from developing a healthy process for resolving it. Show me you have the courage to work through our problems and you'll always have my trust.
Ready to Thrive Life is so much sweeter lived slowly. But I know we all must come to that conclusion in our own time. The commitment to not just succeed but thrive is a personal choice and the time often comes after a wake-up call.
When Not Enough Is Holding You Back (and What to Do About It) If he calls, we're good enough. If you get the job or get into the graduate program, you're smart enough. If our manager or advisor acknowledges our work, we're worthy enough. No matter how hard you work, when you've given the power to someone else, you'll never measure up.
How Shame Makes Us Allergic to Receiving Many of us grow up with deflating messages that something's wrong with us, we're not good enough, and we don't measure up. When the water we swim in is saturated with shame, we may not notice casual acts of caring or spontaneous expressions of love.
How to Deal With Life's Little Lessons So rather than hiding under a rock, I have learned that processing each lesson the universe sends me is essential for my well-being. I have learned that if I don't want to have to learn that lesson again, I need to do three things
Can Doctors Thrive? Thriving involves health and wellness. Huffington suggests that we might all draw more, and benefit, from our innate gifts of wisdom, generosity and kindness. I do believe that most patients want their physicians to thrive. I, for one, want my doctors to be well-rested and content.
6 Strategies to Treat PMS Without Medication PMS and PMDD can't be \cured.\ There's no magic solution, but that doesn't mean you have to wave the white flag. Use these tactics to improve your overall well-being and manage your symptoms naturally.
Accept Difficulity It's okay that things are difficult. That's part of what gives them their savor. Not all fulfilling experiences are grounded in some difficulty, but many are. Honor yourself for the hard things you're dealing with. And be aware of the things that are not difficult in your life, including the things that do support you.
The Truth About Protein The data compiled in the recent study is scattered in its relevance, based on age, and does not provide any concrete evidence of health concerns due to high-protein diets.
Join the Farm to Cafeteria Movement 
Is It Serenity or Just Not Giving a Damn? Somehow as I was walking -- and often running -- through my younger years, I thought that I was on my way to arrive at some \place.\ This place was the goal, and there would be a \grown up\ Robin there waiting to welcome me into the full wonder of maturity and adulthood.
10 Habits That Will Help You Optimize Your Time Many of my executive clients work 60-plus hours a week still find a way to do things for themselves and their families.  How?  They do it by prioritizing.
The Nutrition and Cancer Myth? An article in the New York Times last Wednesday, titled \An Apple a Day, and Other Myths,\ is perpetuating the misconception that diet does not affect cancer risk. This article calls potential connections between high-nutrient foods and cancer \nutritional folklore,\ and does a great disservice to the American people, discouraging efforts toward improving one's health and quality of life.
What Whets Your Late Night App-etite This is not another article about what to eat and what not to eat at bedtime. It is, however, about what you consume. You and your brain, that is.
How Napping Can Make Your Life Easier As a long-time napper myself, I can tell you it hasn't kept me from getting stuff done, growing and expanding. In fact for me napping in the middle of the day is a must if I want to remain\u00a0productive and sane.
Diane von Furstenberg 
How I Came to Follow My Passion I had finally found meaning in my own work by focusing inward, being present enough to observe some interesting trends going on around me, and following two passions deep in my belly
Looking For Happiness In All The Wrong Places Like a butterfly, happiness is always elusive
The Power of Limiting Choice Ironically, too many choices can sometimes lead to us making no choice. Limiting choice can improve our chances of actually making a decision and then staying committed to that decision. We put mental blinkers on and fully commit to what is in front of us.
7 Ways To Create The Life You Want The breakthrough that will lead us to the life we want, cannot happen without first examining the life we have been living. With everything we are managing and enduring, we may have lost touch with the vision of who we wanted to be and how we wanted to live.
Here's What It's Like To Struggle With Body Image Issues As A Man However nice it was, my days wearing that particular pair of mind-blowingly tight black jeans didn't actually win me much in the way of happiness. I realized that the things that bothered me -- like my inability to feel confidence in my own worth -- weren't just about my body. They were about a state of mind that living in that body had fostered.
22 No-Hassle Travel Tricks That Keep You Zen On The Go 
How Much Sleep Katie Couric, Kenneth Cole And 7 Other Leaders Get At Night 
Your Highest Self Is Calling 
5 Things You Might Not Have Known About Memory 
What Laughter And Meditation Have In Common 
The Power of Support 
Anna and Darius 
My Unexpected Teacher With my anniversary approaching, I sat down with my journal and read my words from a time when everything seemed darkest.  I was in the middle of worst part of my treatment.
5 Mistakes You're Making At The Gym Ever walk into the gym wondering if you are doing everything \right\? We all make mistakes, and while some are glaring and obvious, others may be simple and hard to recognize. Either way, most people don't realize how much these mistakes may contribute to lack of progress in the gym.
Study Reveals How Neurotic People View Action 
5 Signs It's Time To Break Up With A Business Client Sometimes the money just isn't worth the price of peace we find ourselves paying. Like pruning a plant of dying branches, periodically pruning your business of troublesome clients is a necessity.
What Your Relationship Has In Common With The Royals You may not have the 24/7 schedules or the non-stop press scrutiny that the royals do, but every couple gets to the point when the stress and tension of everyday life turn those funny quips turn into sharp barbs that hook under the skin. Don't worry, it happens to everyone -- yes, even to Kate Middleton and Prince William.
WATCH 
Want To Stop Snoring? Here's What Works (And What Doesn't) 
Top 10 Running Myths That Are Slowing You Down 
A Guide To Spring Gardening, For Allergy-Sufferers 
Thrive Meditation, yoga, exercise, breathing techniques, nutrition and mindfulness are all very useful ways for everyone to stay well or manage a host of chronic illnesses, not just those in my field. How can we get these techniques broadly into a diverse population that could benefit?
A Cheat-sheet for Life Whilst the road has hardly been figured out yet (seems like quite the opposite in recent months), there's a few things that have stuck so far and that I try to keep in mind.
The Best Cities for Asthma Sufferers To help asthma sufferers identify the best and worst cities to live in the U.S., NerdWallet analyzed available data on asthma prevalence, air quality, cost and access to asthma care in the 50 largest U.S. cities.
Half Marathon Moxie 
Thriving With the Power of Presence I'm excited to join in the exploration of healthy ways of living at the upcoming conference, Thrive, with Arianna Huffington and Mika Brzezinski. I'm looking forward to discussing the importance of cultivating meaningful connections in this digital age with Arianna and Alanis Morissette.
Fit Links 
Hypertension Control Means Celebrating Something That Doesn't Happen May is High Blood Pressure Education Month, making this is a great time to discuss this condition -- what it is, why it matters and what can be done about it.
Educating the Self Knowing \thyself\ is always going to be at the heart of learning. But hopefully, it will now become a priority and central feature of education in a widespread way.
Jon Kabat-Zinn 
Eating Is Not a Hobby 
Move of the Day Incorporate this \move of the day\ into your regular exercise regimen or just take a few minutes to give it a try. Each day will be a different move, so you can do each one back to back or individually.
What A Vacation From Facebook Can Teach You About Life I think most of us tend to go through life thinking that other people have it so much better than we do and Facebook makes it easy to keep that theory alive. Taking this vacation from Facebook helped me decide to give up on the idea that my life as a whole will be perfect in every aspect.  This has allowed me to be a much happier version of myself.
'Sharing' to Share What I know about my own personal relationship to the screen in my pocket is that I grew dependent, not on the access to information or the potential for connection, but to the very empty promise of validation. I chose to use my various accounts as a chance to display and impress.
Your Get-Started Guide To Biking 
Multi-State Salmonella Outbreak Traced To Pet Bearded Dragons 
FDA's Proposed Rules For E-Cigarettes Are Good 'First Step,' But More Regulation Needed, Health Experts Say 
Sometimes It's Just Not Time Yet I know it can be hard to be patient, but you have to learn to trust the process. All things come to those who trust, have patience, and show up for what they need to experience,
Why Oatmeal Is Having A Moment 
The Surprising Number Of Brits Who Are Sleep Deprived 
The Lost Art of Dressing Up I always welcome the opportunity to dress up, an obvious leftover from my upbringing, but I also welcome the occasional question about why I do it. It's a very simple answer -- it makes me feel good.
Doctor-Patient Communication 
Recovery Expressions That Blew My Mind Sitting in meetings, or just talking to people outside of them, I'd hear stuff that some could say was were nearly clich\u00e9-like in its simplicity but it made so much sense that I couldn't help repeating it to nearly everyone I came into contact with.
Man With Reconstructed Penis Fathers Miracle Baby 
Romantical 
Let Them Eat Cake! We are all going to die.  Our parents are going to die. There is nothing any of us can do to stop that. So if you truly love someone, help that person find the most happiness they can during their time on this plane of existence, even if that shortens it slightly. I'd rather have five good years than eight lousy ones.
Why Tens Of Thousands Of People Are Signing Up For This Online Happiness Course 
The Case For Loving Your Enemies Here are five basic tips to help us all recognize the power of compassionate communication -- with our colleagues, clients and ourselves (and well, everybody else).
The Dark Side of Spring 
Your Money or Your Life I hear this from people all the time
If You Know Someone With Cancer You Should Know About This 
What Every Man Should Know About Supplements and Cancer Supplements are not benign agents that can only help or at worst do nothing. A growing literature suggests that the effect of supplementation is largely defined by the nutrient status of the individual.
Behavior Change 
8 Reminders That The Bright Side Is Right In Front Of You 
How Overcoming a Stroke Taught This Pro Golfer the Meaning of Life 
How to Eliminate Procrastination (The Surprising Strategy One Man Used) We often think that we want an open road and the ability to choose any direction for ourselves. But sometimes, what we need is a tunnel that can reduce our choices and send us in a focused direction.
LOOK 
Leadership at Scale (Why I Write) 
15 Guilt-Free Ways To Enjoy Your Favorite Carbs 
Some Straight Talk About Being Fat and Out of Shape 
Putting the Gym in Gymnastics 
6 Ways Change Will Transform You Change is liberating and healing and plain unavoidable. The more we welcome it, the more profoundly positive its impact. We know we can survive and overcome.
The One Thing You're Doing Wrong in Meditation Do not pay attention to the content of the thought. Instead, regard verbal thoughts as nothing more than a mental sound. Your job is just to stay open and uninvolved with the thought, listening to it (or not) as you might to birdsong or the sound of a stream.
Medical School I found out it was like to hold a living heart and liver, still warm, in your hands, and to see the heart being sewn back into another person. I discovered what it feels like to stay at the hospital until it is nearly almost empty, but still have the energy to call your mother bursting with excitement.
Getting Granular About Salt The very granular strategy of choosing foods with shorter ingredient lists allows for cutting out many superfluous grains of salt by way of improving overall nutritional quality. There should be no controversy in that.
Is 'The Happiest Man In America' Still Happy? 
Sudden Rise In Deadly Virus Cases Worries Experts 
A Third State Sees Outbreaks Of Disease That Was Supposed To Be Long Gone 
Why You Need Both a 'Bouncer' and a 'Bartender' to Live a Happy, Healthy Life Instead of judging whether you made the right decision based on people's reaction to your time investment, you should measure it by this question
How Video Games Can Improve Dialogue on Mental Illness While there are strong arguments for the games' unique potential as vehicles for a deep, experiential understanding, it is our experience that these kinds of mental health games tend to polarize.
Wake-Up Calls Inspired My Change From Overdrive and Sleep Deprived My wake-up call marching orders were clear
Loving a Narcissist Without Losing Yourself It is very difficult for some people to see anything as happening separate from and not in relation to them. People who suffer with this view of the world experience everything as a reflection and commentary on who they are, an abandonment or affirmation of themselves.
Reasons Not to Be Happy Our thoughts and feelings are powerful, but many are based on old ways of seeing, and not reflective of the truth. We are not looking at the world through clear lenses.
