Super-Size My Foyer. And just as soon as I try and boast of some superlative insight or immunity to things and stuff myself, I will have thrown
Mid-century Icon. Maybe you've suppressed grade school cafeteria memories, but there is one aspect of the lunch room that your grown-up self might covet
The 10 Fastest-Growing Cities In The Country, According To CNN Money (PHOTOS). Best Big-City Neighborhoods ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and
The Biggest Bargains at Auctions and Flea Markets?   People Are Walking All Over Them. Even if a rug doesn't look dirty, moths could have laid eggs in the rug, and you don't want to bring that into your house.
6 Things I Wish I Knew Before I Bought My First Home. As a general rule, it's wise to take 20 percent less than what the bank will lend you.
The Weird Thing 43 Percent Of People Do At Home (INFOGRAPHIC). Whether you're ready to admit it or not, it's pretty safe to say, cell phones are taking over our lives. No surprises there
This Will Change The Way You Look At Vertical Blinds Forever (VIDEO). If you've stayed away from vertical blinds when decorating your home for fear of it looking like a dentist office, there's
10 Design Ideas To Steal From Hotels. No matter where we go on vacation, the hotel is admittedly the destination we look forward to most. But all of that four
7 Organizing Tips That'll Finally Get Your House In Order This Spring (VIDEO). The first day of spring doesn't just mark the day we can finally throw open our windows and get some fresh air, it also marks
2014. I'm officially declaring 2014 the perfect time to renew our love for outdoor living! Here are five simple things we can do to get started for spring and make an environmental impact.
Detroit Is Auctioning Off Incredible Old Homes For $1,000, But There's A Big Catch (PHOTOS). Realty listing site Zillow shows most homes for sale in East English Village have prices ranging from $15,000 to over $100,000
The One Decor Trick You Need To Know For Small Bathrooms (VIDEO). The bathroom is likely the smallest room in the house -- and a room you're less likely to redecorate. Short of renovating
9 Things You're Doing To Ruin Your Hardwood Floors Without Even Realizing It. Trying To Keep Your Throw Rugs In Place A throw rug can go from pretty to pesky in 2.5 seconds, or the minute they start
These 11 Incredible Backyard Gardens Are What Dreams Are Made Of (PHOTOS). ** Not only does springtime signal the start of chirping birds and blossoming buds, but it marks the time that we can finally
These Stunning Homes Are Built On Top Of Lava And The Views Are Amazing (PHOTOS). Architect Craig Steely will turn your idea of Hawaii living on its head. The black lava fields that surround his modern designs
Dallas Charity Transforms Interiors and Lives. Founders, Lisa Robison an Kim Turner have created a high spirited interior design-related way for many to contribute creatively to families who struggle with homelessness and poverty. What they have created is inspiring and worth a deeper view.
When Should You Begin to Aggressively Pay Down Your Mortgage?. I am a big proponent of paying down that ugly mortgage beast as soon as is practical. But, before you go cutting a check to the bank, there is a pecking order of financial priorities you need to address before you consider tackling your mortgage.
Organic Gardening. Once you know the basic tenets of this practice, organic vegetable gardening is simple. And the payoff is enormous
10 Quick and Budget-Friendly Projects to Remake Your Space This Spring. An accent color wall or an interior room repaint will liven up a home. With little money and just a day or a weekend, your house can have new a new look and a new life. Be adventurous!
13 Plants That'll Really Pay Off (PHOTOS). Sourwood Caladium Genus
Frank Lloyd Wright Died 55 Years Ago, But His Legacy Lives On In These Stunning Buildings. Famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright once called his Darwin D. Martin house in Buffalo, N.Y. \the most perfect thing of its
A Conversation With Interior Designer Timothy Corrigan. When I wake up... I, without fail, wish that I could sleep a little longer. There is too much... electronic communication
The 7 Best Things To Buy Vintage (and 3 To Skip). Vintage shopping is one of those things that you either love...or shudder at the thought of. If you're in the latter, I'm
How To Choose The Perfect Paint Color For Your Bedroom. When selecting paint colors for bedrooms, the first thing to consider is temperature. While warm colors advance toward the
Combustible Adjustables. It was only a matter of time. Adjustable-rate mortgages--the apocalyptical financial product of the recent economic collapse--are coming back in a big way.
OMG We Bought A House! Episode 5. Joey's parents wanted to come visit and see our first house so we had to quickly get the guest room guest-ready! Watch the video above to see the entire transformation including how we spruced up a thrift store dresser in a matter of hours.
The \Three Turkeys\. The message these elections have hammered home, and here the \context\ does matter, is the apparent lack of willingness on the part of these groups to continue to live together.
Why Do We Need to Furnish Sustainably?. This is the week commonly known as High Point Market, the largest home furnishings trade show in the world, when over 10,000,000 (yes, you read that right!) square feet of furniture is displayed.
You're Wasting Thousands Of Dollars If You're Not Using These Apps and Websites Before Buying a Home. Whether you're unsure if you can even afford to buy, are concerned about your credit, don't know how to get a loan, or find yourself overwhelmed by different real estate options, these apps and websites will make your life easier and facilitate the process from start to finish.
12 Genius Ways To Fill That Awkward Space Under The Stairs (PHOTOS). 1. Turn it into a home bar. Adding a home bar doesn't have to be as complicated as a whole kitchen renovation, nor does it
9 Items To Always Buy In Bulk. Buying in bulk can end up being a catch-22 when you're starring at the same bag of raisins for a year. Read more on larchmont.patch.com
Score Points with These 5 Slam Dunk Homes. 5. Time Out ... For Sport Enthusiasts Only 4. Get Ready to Be Bulled-Over Address
Renovate for Rent. Life is expensive! Use your talents to help defer the cost.
These 14 Incredible Wine Cellars Are What Dreams Are Made Of (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
7 Curb Appeal Makeovers You Have To See To Believe. Curb appeal can be difficult to get right, since there's often much work to be done
5 Surprising Things to Do With a Sewing Machine. Sewing machines have unexpected uses beyond fixing a hem or adding a button. You can use it turn plastic bags into fabric, bind a book and more.
Spring Entertaining Essentials. It's been a long winter, but I don't have to tell you that. Who isn't going to want to kick up their heels and celebrate when the warm weather hits. Here's a list of my entertaining favorites to have you party ready when the spring sun shines and the daffodils bloom.
The Toilet Of The Future Is.. A Folding One? (VIDEO). Think Murphy beds are a genius idea? Then you'll love this toilet. Not only does it save major space by essentially folding
Campbell's Scoop No. 4. Dancing requires physical awareness, precision, rhythm, soul, memory and coordination. And whether people realize it or not, modeling and dancing are two closely related disciplines. Both require you to use your body, know your body and express with your body.
5 Things Your Real Estate Agent Won't Tell You (VIDEO). Buying a home can be a wonderful investment and, not to mention, an exciting new life step. But between shopping for mortgages
Perfect House, Perfect Spouse? How Finding Your Dream Home Is Like Dating. Like a great partner, the right home will likely fulfill needs you didn't even know you had. The biggest challenge is being able to identify this match. Sometimes it is right under your nose, buried between the old haunts, the turnoffs and the plain lanes.
10 Stylish Kitchen Updates That Won't Break the Bank. Not all kitchen remodels cost an astronomical amount of money. There are many budget-friendly avenues to explore when the decision has been made to move forward with the process.
April Pools. Take a decadent dip in this divine lap pool. You can almost imagine Aphrodite herself going for a swim! Other parts of the
The Surprising Trick To Get Gum Out Of Hair. There are some moments in motherhood that have us scratching our heads and asking, why? Gum in the hair falls into that category
The 10 Least Affordable Major Metro Areas (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Thanks to the latest
A 'Free' Puppy Can Be Yours If You Lived In This D.C. Luxury Apartment Building. Pools, fancy gyms, even private dog parks -- these high-class perks have become normal in the spendier echelons of D.C.'s
'The Mushroom House' Is Unlike Any Home You've Seen (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Sometimes we see a
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
The 3 Small Space Mistakes You're Making (And How To Fix Them). Instead
7 D\u00e9cor Ideas Straight From The Pages Of Our Favorite Spring Catalogs. The change of seasons and the stack of new, fresh catalogs that it brings into my mailbox never fails to inspire me. At holiday
The One Decorating Trick You Need to Know. Just because you're shopping on a budget doesn't mean you can't buy better materials. Even if you're shopping at IKEA, choose pieces that are made of solid wood as opposed to particle board (believe it or not, they do exist!).
In Praise of Old Restaurant Ware. Years ago, Americans used to know how to make things that would last. We seem to have forgotten that skill and for decades now have adopted the practice of just buying something new from halfway around the planet and throwing the old into the landfill.
Nate Berkus Reveals The Secret To A Great Kitchen (VIDEO). When it comes time to make the worthwhile investment of redesigning your kitchen, it's easy to get swept up in what's trendy
Why Flea Markets Aren't Just for Early Birds. Bargaining at flea markets is just part of the language and culture, and it's been going on for centuries. For those who are still uneasy, I offer these six easy tips:
Rent Prices Shut Out Minimum-Wage Workers In Every State. Fair market rent, which is set by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, is calculated with the idea that
The Impossible Art of Gift Shopping for Architects. A broad topic coffee table book about design will do nothing for him. But, a book about the grains of different types of wood or an encyclopedia of sailing knots will be referenced more times than you can imagine.
An Exclusive Interview With Bravo House Flipper Jeff Lewis. Flipping Out airs Wednesdays at 10/9C on Bravo. Be sure to watch Wednesday, March 26 for a special Flipping Out episode featuring
Feng Shui Tips for Rainy Days. Remember to recycle and donate whenever possible. Now you are on your way to bringing new and wonderful experiences and opportunities into your life.
5 Spring Home Decor Updates Under $100. A simple change like rearranging your furniture can be as exhilarating as a complete d\u00e9cor update -- without the price tag. Seeing the beautiful things you already own in a new light can make the old feel new again.
Organizers for Every Room in Your House. Small spaces lend themselves to creative organizational hacks
How Nashville Woman Ashley Schwartau Bought Her First Home With Just $4,000. We spoke to Schwartau to see just how she managed to do this, and asked her to share her advice for other young homebuyers
These 14 Home Bars Are What Dreams Are Made Of (PHOTOS). Whether you're a homebody or just enjoy a good cocktail party, a home bar is a must. But while most of us call a corner of
Three Trends That Will Be Ugly Tomorrow. There will always be a place for tasteful taxidermy in a rustic space -- a skull, a pair of antlers -- but ditch decoupage, glitter, or paper mache animal heads. They're fun and trendy now, but when have you ever seen a pink glittered deer in the wild?
The Top 25 Towns For Renters Raising Families, According To Rent.com (PHOTOS). 3. Tenafly, NJ 2. Ladera Ranch, CA 17. Highlands Ranch, CO 12. Wilton, CT Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home
High-Design Home Items. From gold-foil notebooks to a heated cast-stone bench, update any living space with one of these fresh pieces.
Manilla Mini. Every item in your life should have its own home so that you know exactly where it is when you need it. When you're done using an item, put it back in it's home to avoid the headache of having to search for it later. Remember, there's no such thing as organized chaos, only chaos.
9 Dirty Things In Your Kitchen You Probably Haven't Been Cleaning. (But you probably should.)
11 Things to Know Before Signing Your First Lease. Wait, you thought adulthood meant fewer rules to follow? Oh you sweet, na\u00efve cherubs.
5 Design Tips In Under 5 Minutes. Now that we have had a sneak peak at spring, it is giving us hope that the worst of the winter weather is behind us. You
10 Things to Consider Before Making an Offer On a Home. Your realtor can be a valuable resource in gathering information for you and getting the answers to your questions from the seller's agent. In the meantime, you can be proactive and do some of your own research.
Nate Berkus Reveals The Biggest Mistake In Small-Space Design (VIDEO. Does size really matter? Well, when it comes to interior decorating it's definitely hard to argue that it's not a factor
OMG We Bought a House! Episode 4. The inset alcove or altar, as we're calling it, is just begging for a whimsical DIY project. The mantle is the first thing you see when you walk in our front door so it's the perfect place to establish the design for the overall house.
This Stunning Home Is Exactly Why You Should Paint Your Apartment Black (PHOTOS). This color also looks fantastic as it reflects perfectly off the mirrored lighting. Or enough leather-bound books to fill
DIY. These tiny props are super easy to make for this St. Patrick's Day. Use them to pose with in photos, decorate some cupcakes or those weird green bagels or just display them on your desk at work for some festive fun. Happy St. Paddy's Day!
Weekly Roundup of Vintage Home Finds. To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
These 16 Incredible Bathrooms Are What Dreams Are Made Of (PHOTOS). The bathroom is the ultimate private spot in your home. It's where you start your day and begin your night. (And for 35 percent
The Top 5 Paint Colors For Apartments Are Hardly Colors At All (In A Good Way). Choosing a paint color can be tricky, to the point where people will keep whatever's up on the walls (even if they hate it
The Working Mind. When you feel stuck in your clutter, the way out of the inertia is to start to clutter bust. You may not feel ready. You might think you'll do a lousy job. You could be thinking of 20 other things you'd rather do. You may think it's the last thing you want to do.
Stylish Home Decor That Hardly Costs a Penny. Spring has likely made you giddy and creative, not to mention eager to de-clutter. Redecorating on a budget, though, is tricky. Who wants to an interior decorator (or banker) to make an old house new?
What Life Looks Like in a Midcentury Modern Oasis. In 1958 and 1959, influential Modernist architect Harwell Hamilton Harris designed what many consider to be one of his best buildings, the Cranfill Apartments in Austin, Texas.
The Median Home Price Is $188,900. Here's What That Actually Buys You.. Update, March 14, 5:45 p.m.
Top Dollar. Kitchen and bathrooms sell. Studies show buyers are most interested in, and most critical of, kitchens and bathrooms. If you have some money to put into your home, spend it here.
5 Tips to Create the Perfect White Kitchen. It seems that this perennially popular look is gaining more and more fans by the minute!
Cleaning Expert Jolie Kerr Reveals What To Do When Something Horrible Happens To Your Purse (VIDEO). The only thing worse than your boyfriend barfing in your handbag might just be your cat peeing on your purse. But no matter
Sarah Jessica Parker's New York City Brownstone Is Everything (VIDEO). While we are still left wondering what Sarah Jessica Parker's real closet looks like, we can at least tell you this -- a
9 Forgotten Cottages You Wish You Could Rescue (PHOTOS). If you've ever passed by an abandoned cottage and wished you had the time, talent and resources for renovation work, you're
How to Spring Clean Your Kitchen Fast. Wondering how to get started? Here are a few tips and tricks to make spring cleaning a breeze.
21 Car Buying Questions Everyone Should Ask. How many times have you bought a car and after you bought it, you've realized that there were some questions you never considered till after the fact? Don't feel bad. Unless you're a professional car salesman, there's very little you could have done. It's hard to buy a car.
A Shockingly Easy Way To Remove Permanent Marker Stains (VIDEO). Supporting your child's creative streak is practically a mandate for parents, but art appreciation goes out the window when
Brooklyn's Wallpaper Boom. As a predominant design element, wallpaper is definitively back, but quite literally this isn't your grandmother's decor. Gone are the frilly florals and chintzy damasks.
Playing Host? Check Out This Quick, DIY Home Fragrance (VIDEO). Don't think your house will pass the white glove test next time you're entertaining? Ditch the mop and head for the kitchen
The Top 10 Most Affordable Small Cities, According To CNN Money (PHOTOS). So if you're not ready to completely ditch the hustle and bustle of a major metro for the small town suburban experience
Designer Nanette Lepore Reveals The One Change You Should Make Before Spring (PHOTOS). \Your home is the best place to start experimenting with color,\ she explained. \If you have a neutral sofa and you put a
The Top Outdoor Trends Of 2014 (PHOTOS). The American Society of Landscape Architects recently released the results of its 2014 Residential Landscape Architecture
Come Spring, I'm Giving It Away for Free. With fewer things in your home, you have fewer surfaces to catch dust and more space to actually maneuver the vacuum cleaner. Of course, if you're a pack rat, this is no easy task for you.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know. This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage
13 New Ways To Display All The Photos You've Been Hiding And Hoarding. Resized And Displayed In The Panes Of An Old Window Mounted And Grouped Monochromatically, Like This Art Arrangement On Clipboards
5 Ways To Maximize Existing Natural Light In Your Home. There's not a lot you can do to increase the amount of sunlight coming into your home \u2014 unless you're planning on a major
How To Prepare For A Natural Disaster (VIDEO). No one wants to think about natural disasters, but preparing for them is an important step to keeping your family safe. Watch
10 Painless Ways To Change Your Messy, Messy Habits. In The Kitchen Bonus tip for straightening iron users
Check Out This Incredible Home Makeover That Proves The Power Of Paint (PHOTOS). Amy and Joe McIntosh, who live near Chicago during the week, had been searching for a vacation house for three years, visiting
24 Really Inventive Ways To Make A Small Space More Livable. We've already covered some of the best ways to create storage when you're living in a tiny space, and fortunately, there
How to Buy Vintage Furniture Online. I've got a hit list of things to consider and questions to ask before buying vintage furniture online, so you can be sure to rule out a lot of issues before you take the big purchasing plunge.
Should I Buy or Rent My Home? Six Crucial Factors You Should Consider. One person's \flexibility\ is another person's \lack of stability.\ And one person's \stuck\ is another person's \steady.\ The way you'll feel about buying vs. renting is very much in the eye of the beholder.
OMG We Bought a House! Episode 3. When unpacking a house, chances are you're not going to be able to unpack everything in one swoop.
8 Easy Ways To Try Color In Your Home Without Freaking Out (PHOTOS). If there's one decorating idea that tends to inspire an unusually big debate, it's color. What's a gorgeous sun-kissed green
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. GET READY, GET
Why Grammar Matters When Selling Your Home. It turns out that grammar and spelling matter to homebuyers. In fact, 43.4 percent of 1,291 people surveyed online said they would be much less inclined to tour a home if its online listing contained misspellings or improper grammar.
12 Questions You Absolutely Must Ask Before Renting An Apartment. Some utilities may be covered in the rent, and others may not. Ask if cable, gas and electric and trash removal are covered
Is It Your Time to Buy a Home? The (Emotional) Transition From Renter to Owner. There is a homebuying myth that needs dispelling. It has to do with mathematic certainty. The truth is, no formula exists for knowing if and when you should buy a home. Ask most economists and they'll tell you that there are far too many emotional factors involved.
10 Incredible Homes With Gardens That'll Remind You What Spring Looks Like. In many parts of the country, there's a rumor floating around that something called \spring\ will come, bringing relief from
Simple Steps for a Vintage Bedroom. One of the most popular and enduring designs is a vintage-look in your bedroom, which is something that you can create by combining some classic design elements with just the right colors and elements.
The Designer Trick That'll Work In ANY Small Space (VIDEO). No room, no problem. Well, at least it isn't when you have interior designer Nate Berkus reminding you that no matter the
Throwing an Award Worthy Oscar Bash. A good Oscar party (as with any party) should be easy and fun. Here are our 5 simple steps for creating a simple Oscar party.
9 Reasons To Bring Back Cocktail Parties (PHOTOS). 8. No. Bathroom. Lines. In our grandparents' day, people dressed up to go to a friends' house for cocktails. Would it kill
Buying a Home Is 38 Percent Cheaper Than Renting -- But How Risky Is It?. 4 Orange County, CA -21% Even small differences in home-price appreciation have large effects on the average monthly cost
Hiring a Cleaning Company. It's vital that you make the switch to natural cleaners because traditional cleaning products contain volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that lead to serious illnesses and even cancer. Natural products work just as effectively and use organic oils or plant-based properties to enhance the aroma of the product, not dangerous synthetic fragrances.
The Money-Saving Trick The Power Company Doesn't Want You To Know (VIDEO). With several more weeks of winter and a couple polar vortices probably still to come this winter, it's no wonder you've found
6 Tips for Bachelor Pad Interior Design. A well designed place doesn't mean you have to spend your life savings on interior decor. The three most important things to consider when designing your bachelor pad
Turns Out You Can Do A Living Room Makeover For Under $500 (VIDEO). The one phrase that keeps many of us living with the same old look we don't exactly love
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. PLEASE NOTE that
DIY Oscar Party. I want to throw an Oscar viewing party for my friends so I came up with some fun DIY decor ideas that are easy to do in your home, apartment or dorm.
Creative Entertaining. What better way to take in all that high-wattage entertainment, the victory speeches, the red carpet gowns, and the spectacle than by inviting some friends over for a high style affair in your own home?
3 Ways To Fit More Stuff In Your Closet. When it comes to closet space, the only thing worse than knowing you physically cannot fit one more shirt in your hanging
A New Headboard By Bedtime. Looking to make a bold impact with your bedroom decor? We showed you unusual items to use as nightstands last week, but the
19 Inexpensive Ways To Fix Up Your Kitchen (PHOTOS). Hang Up Your Pots And Pans Farmhouse Kitchen by Boulder Architects & Designers Fieldwork Architecture Rethink Kitchen Curtains
Everything You Thought You Knew About Doing Laundry Is Wrong. 5. You're going overboard with fabric softener. Look, we get it. It smells nice and it does make everything nice and cozy
10 Surprisingly Sturdy Items For Your Home Even You Can't Break (PHOTOS). Vivaldi Collins Glass Acrylic Stemless Wine Glass Acrylic Dinnerware Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter
Will Winter Weather Wobble Housing?. Construction permits (Census) -1.4% The regional patterns in housing activity will also help reveal whether weather mattered
This DIY Wall Organizer Is Perfect For Small Items Or Office Supplies. If you're not afraid to get a little crafty in the name of organization, this DIY vinyl wall organizer may take a little
10 Impossibly Old Homes That Could ONLY Be Found In Europe (VIDEO). Here in America, we tend not to let old falling-apart homes stick around for long. Either a brave soul finds it in their
10 Salt And Pepper Shakers That Are Cuter Than They Have Any Right To Be (PHOTOS). Puzzle Salt and Pepper Shakers We can definitely see these \fitting in\ in our homes. Trunks Full Of Taste Shaker Set Elephants
Hot Spring Trends in Home Decor. Why not warm up by looking at the forecast of spring trends in home decor? Here are a few of my favorite home design trends you'll be seeing in the upcoming months.
Amazing Crafts You Can Make With Toilet Paper Rolls. The clever world of toilet paper roll crafts boasts an impressive amount of projects that can be conjured up with a piece of cardboard that usually incurs waves of dread. The best part about these eco-friendly crafts? Even if you mess up, odds that you can still recycle them are high.
Reuse Before Trashing. For those items you take or purchase and end up not needing, try to reuse them before trashing them. It's a little hobby I like to call Upcycling.
Handwritten, With Love. Handwriting is more than a means to bring thoughts to paper. It has a personality and individuality that Lucida Handwriting will never possess, and it has the ability to translate love more personally and more beautifully than any preprinted, store-bought card.
This Adorable Home Isn't What You Think It Is (PHOTOS). If it looks like a charming cabin, is structured like a charming cabin and is designed like a charming cabin, it must be
How To Care For Air Plants. I've only been bitten by the \plant bug\ recently in the last few years, but it's been really fun discovering and learning
High Style Made Easy. Last spring, when a friend moving to New York offered McDonald his one-bedroom 1930s cottage to use as an office, she jumped
6 Stunning Home Exterior Makeovers You Have To See To Believe (BEFORE & AFTER PHOTOS). AFTER
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. (Click on Pic for More Info and Auction Links) Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest
8 Dishwashing Dos And Don'ts You'll Want To Memorize Before Dinner. We won't even try to deny how much better our lives are with the invention of the dishwashing machine. Think of how much
7 Things You Didn't Know You Could Get At IKEA (PHOTOS). You know you can always count on IKEA for meatballs and reasonably-priced sofas. But the Swedish company has gradually expanded
Lee And Morty Kaufman Celebrate 45 Years Together And Steal Our Hearts (VIDEO). You may know Lee and Morty Kaufman as the stars of the most recent Swiffer campaign, but we know them as the 90-year-old
Moving To A City Is Not As Popular As It Used To Be, Census Study Reveals. Whatever the reason, be it a need for a little more space, a less-expensive lifestyle or just the desire for some quieter
The 21 Coolest Things To Do With A Kitchen (PHOTOS). Make It All About Sports Modern Media Room by Grapevine Architects & Designers Van Trease Constructors Place It Under An
The Rental Discount for Shacking Up. $1,050 -8% 19 Seattle, WA -34% $1,450 -19% 0% $800 -18% 1 Sacramento, CA -40% -13% $2,300 # U.S. Metro 2-bedroom discount
10 Good Reasons To Spend Valentine's Day At Home, As Told In GIFs. And if you did, you would be forced to order off a themed menu. Oysters. Lobster. Chocolate, 30 different ways. That's not
7 Powerful Feng Shui Tips to Bring Love to Your Bedroom. Set the scene for love in your bedroom by practicing the ancient art and science of Feng Shui that uses your environment to activate your personal intentions.
8 Amazing Homes In Warm Winter Locations (PHOTOS). This looks a whole lot more appealing right about now
Designer Home Decor. If you've taken the Design Valentine quiz, you've been matched with an iconic designer who makes your heart sing. Ready to take the plunge and invest in some designer home decor created by your Valentine?
How To Decorate With The 'New Neutrals' (VIDEO). Look out, beige, ivory and cream, there's a new group of neutrals in town -- and they're fabulous. With \just enough hue
Easy, Last-Minute Valentine's Gifts. While you're staring down the clock to V-Day, here are a handful of ideas for fun, quick projects that are still cute and personal. No need for the discount aisle after all.
Singles Valentine's Day Celebration. This year, why not hold a party for all your single friends and their single friends. The idea being that every fantastically interesting single person you know knows a similarly fantastic single someone that you may not know.
Realtor.com Survey. So, you've got it bad for \the one\ -- you know, the one that keeps you awake at night fantasizing about the day when you can be together. Wait a second. We aren't talking about that one -- we're referring to a different kind of love affair
De-Clutter Now. In 2009 I moved into a 200-square-foot cottage. The rent and location were awesome, but there was one problem. Half my stuff didn't fit in the place. So I got rid of it. Furniture, old clothes, books, shoes, art. And you know what? I haven't missed any of it since.
How Men And Women 'Home Crush' Differently. 29 percent of women and 36 percent of men cultivate a new house crush on a weekly basis 26 percent of women and 19 percent
Is Naughty Nice on Valentine's Day?. A recent Gifts.com survey proved that if you really want your partner to be happy on Valentine's Day, you're going to have
DIY Valentines From Trash. If spending a small fortune on store-bought greeting cards doesn't appeal to you and you have an old phone book, scissors, and glue, maybe a bottle cap or two (and a bit of imagination), you can create a Valentine that expresses love for both your partner and the planet.
The Top 10 Cities People Are Moving To, According To CNN Money (PHOTOS). 25 Best Places for Affordable Homes To discover more details of the report, head over to CNNMoney. ** But whatever the driving
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
8 Cute Valentine's Day Ideas That Are So Simple, A Child Could Do Them (PHOTOS). Valentine's Day is coming up this week, but if you needed that reminder...you probably haven't really started thinking about
The 19 Coolest Things To Do With A Basement (PHOTOS). Add A Kitchenette Contemporary Basement by Portland Design-Build Firms Mosaik Design & Remodeling How to Get Your Basement
37 Things In Your Home To Get Rid Of Right Now. A few of us made resolutions this year to finally get our homes nicely organized so we can finally have people over without
The 10 Best Renovation Websites For Living Out Your Dream Home Fantasies. Houzz.com Best for
Keep Pets Safe This Valentine's. Flowers, the universal symbol of love are also a matter to be concerned about. Flowers are given to moms, wives, girlfriends
10 Tips For A Perfectly Organized Closet (VIDEO). While not all closets are created equal, it's safe to say that no matter how little, how awkwardly shaped or how spacious
The Most Common Reasons We Move in America. How many times have you moved? What were the reasons? Moving is stressful and a ton of work so why do we do it? It turns out we have very good reasons, often big life changes.
Moving in Together. Before you can even think about combining design styles, you've got to first combine the things you own. Whether you are getting a new place or one of you is moving into the other's place, these tips can help.
Mom Is in the Details.. I've always just looked at is as another way of expressing myself, and hopefully, fairly representing my fianc\u00e9. I have now realized that my decorating style has its roots in my mother. That tea tin brought it all back.
3 Myths About Buying Your First Home. A purchase that looks like a home run from the outside, may have actually resulted in a loss.
Letting Go of Stuff. I was reminded that at the end of the day our stuff -- is just that -- it's just stuff. It's just that so much of our stuff has so much meaning.
All Of These Homes Are $100,000 Or Less (PHOTOS). We bring good news, bargain-hunting friends
10 Things You Should Have In Your Home By The Time You Are 30 (PHOTOS). 7) A washer-dryer. OK, we know this isn't always possible. But even an apartment-sized stack washer-dryer set is better than
Valentine's Day Wreaths Are A Thing, Apparently (PHOTOS). And while we of course appreciate the value of a quality, time-well-spent DIY project, we say it's time to moderate our enthusiasm
Self-Reliance and Handsaws. Actor John Ratzenberger worked as a carpenter before landing the role of Cliff, the disgruntled postal worker who loved spending hours at the local bar with his buddies. And in the years since \Cheers\ concluded its 11-season run, Ratzenberger has returned to his woodworking roots.
6 Incredibly Gorgeous Features We'd Steal From Bob Hope's 'UFO Home' (PHOTOS). The last time we checked in with the magnificent Bob Hope estate back in March, it was up for sale for $50 million. Now it's
How to Handle a Dispute With Your Landlord. The more detail you can muster, the more tools you give the landlord to fix the problem. Records also show that you mean business, and it starts a paper trail in case you need to take additional measures.
Your Home In 2030 Will Be Smarter Than You (PHOTOS). The Bathroom GP Bathroom fixtures that monitor your health while you do your business? That's exactly what this series of
13 Clever DIY Kitchen Ideas to Make Your Kitchen More Functional and Stylish. We spend so much time in our kitchens (it's where everyone always ends up in my home when I'm entertaining), so they should be efficient and feel-good places in which to hang out.
13 Colors You Either Love Or Hate (PHOTOS, POLL). Orange Modern Bedroom by Seattle Architects & Designers McClellan Architects Coral Contemporary Bedroom by Miami Interior
Host a Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony Party (VIDEO). From setting up an apr\u00e8s-ski bar, a coffee or hot chocolate bar to featuring a feast using the foods and drinks of Sochi, no matter what you do, it's a great occasion to get creative and go for gold!
From Downton Abbey to Downtown Chic. Do you ever dream about what it would be like to live in Downton Abbey? The glamorous, aristocratic lifestyle, the formal and luxurious interior design. I worked with Vi from Tastemaker to create an interior design inspired by Downton Abbey.
How To Make Your Home Feel Like A Luxe Ski Lodge. 5. A little touch of vintage or history goes a long way. Sentimental decor -- think old photos, vintage signs and artwork
5 Things You Should Buy At Estate Sales (And 3 To Skip). Cookware Take a very, very close look before you tote that darling enamelware fondue pot home. If there's even a tiny chip
Charity Doesn't Always Begin at Home. Community foundations in other parts of the U.S. see the value in engaging high school youth. The Foundation for MetroWest
The Top Nursery Design Trends Of 2014 (VIDEO). Forget blue for boys, pink for girls and yellow for originality's sake -- nurseries are getting more stylish than ever before
6 Creative Tips for Organizing All That Winter Gear. Instead of pondering how many days until summer, consider cleaning up your mess -- starting with organizing all that winter gear. To keep your hats, gloves, scarves and snow boots in order, here are the best ways to stop the blizzard of clutter.
IKEA Goes Beyond Meatballs And Futons With Surprisingly Glam Product Line. When you hear the word \IKEA,\ you tend to think more budget-friendly basics, step-by-step instructions and maybe even your
10 Cleaning Lessons We Can Learn From Downton Abbey. Downton Abbey is set in the early 20th century, a time when beauty and bath products were made with essential oils and natural ingredients. At bath time, turn back the clock in favor of products that are toxin-free, sustainability-focused, and made without toxins such as Diethanolamine (DEA), sulfates and other synthetic ingredients.
Report. If you're looking to do some home improvement projects this year, sprucing up the outside of your home is going to give you the biggest bang for your buck.
What the New Mortgage Rules Mean for Borrowers. Whether you're refinancing your home loan or planning to buy a home in 2014, you'll be among the first consumers to apply for a mortgage under new rules.
How We Landed Ourselves on Two Home-Makeover TV Shows!. People constantly ask, \How do you get on these shows?\ My answer is always that it's a combination of luck, logistics and these five tips that can help you get that home makeover of your dreams.
OMG We Bought A House!. My boyfriend (and now legally married boyfriend) Joey and I just bought our first house in the Los Angeles area. I'm very excited to share with you the first episode of OMG We Bought A House! -- a series Joey and I are doing about buying, renovating, moving in and decorating our first home.
The 6 Best Small Towns In America, According To Rand McNally (PHOTOS). All small towns have their perks -- from the peace and quiet to the lack of tourists (and not to mention, the simple fact
6 No-Fail Decor Tips That'll Work In Any Space, Regardless Of Style (PHOTOS). Let's face it
17 Hacks For Small Bathrooms With Big Problems. 7. Who said anything about a full-size shelf? 2. Store hair tools on stick-on hooks. 15. Attach an empty tissue box to your
16 Best Websites For Vintage Furniture, Lighting And Decor (PHOTOS). If you love vintage furnishings but have absolutely zero time to go on the hunt at estate sales, thrift shops and flea markets
5 Lessons In Fearless Style From Jonathan Adler's Beach House (PHOTOS). Don't be afraid to go with a dark exterior. Even if it's only repainting the front door or mailbox. Bonus tip
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
The Workbed Lets You Sleep Where You Work (And Vice Versa). And while the furniture does let you take a power nap to help the creative juices flow, when something stems from the desire
It's Not Every Day That You See A Luxury Home With A Giant 'Cheers' Mural (PHOTOS). We think it's great to wear your heart on your sleeve! Or your walls. The owner of this luxury loft in downtown Indianapolis
Here Are Some Spectacular Beach Homes To Fantasize About During This Seriously Cold Winter. We don't know about your hearths, but the recent sub-zero temperatures have left our homes and our hearts a bit cold to the
The 8 Best Neutral Paint Colors That'll Work In Any Home, No Matter The Style (PHOTOS). French Grey, by Behr (Yes, they call it \grey\ instead of \gray.\) Traditional Kids by Wilmington Interior Designers & Decorators
Host An Award Winning Grammy Party (VIDEO). As thousands of industry execs and hundreds of headliners gather at the Staples Center in Los Angeles this Sunday evening for the 56th Annual Grammy Awards, over 26 million of us will be tuning in. What better time to host a viewing party for friends and family?
This Micro-Apartment In Madrid Will Change Your Mind About Tiny Living (VIDEO). If you thought your first apartment (or dorm room) was small, check out this 620-square-foot micro-apartment in Spain. While
You'll Live Like A King In One Of These 10 Royally Awesome Castles (PHOTOS). They say your home is your castle, and here, that's literally true. We've scoured the land from coast to coast and found
3 '80s Toys That Are Worth More Than You Thought -- And 3 That Aren't Worth Much. Image courtesy Flickr user stoic Lego Bricks Although Jem didn't have the longevity of many of the other 1980s toys, this
This Coffin Bed Will Finally Let You Get Some Rest (In Peace). Every now and then, we find a piece of furniture we would just die to have in our homes. But thanks to this bed, that phrase
Has A President Lived In YOUR House? (VIDEO). Every house has a history -- but these places give that phrase a whole new meaning. Once a president sleeps somewhere, that
14 Tips for the Best Garage Sale Ever. Wading through your accumulated items may be a bit overwhelming, but it's not as bad as moving to your new home with a bunch of boxes filled with things you don't need.
How to Get Organized at Home in 2014. Step 4
You'll Never Believe What This House Is Made Of. Based on the proportions of a Swedish friggebod, a tiny shed that requires no planning permission to build, the Chameleon
5 Unusual Ways Your Refrigerator Can Help You Save Money (VIDEO). Though it's a pretty big appliance, we don't think much about our refrigerator -- that is, until something goes wrong. Expensively
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. DISCLOSURE
10 Ridiculous Pinterest Projects NOBODY Has Time For (PHOTOS). Toothpick Mobiles In case the last project didn't quite convince you that \toothpick DIY\ is rarely a good idea... DIY Confetti
How Much Stuff Is Enough? Painless Rules For Cutting Clutter (PHOTOS). So you want to pare down your belongings. But how much, exactly, do you get rid of? And how can you prevent stuff from simply
RANKED. But what about when the cause of your tossing and turning is not so obvious? Well, according to an infographic created by
Top 10 Home Improvement Projects. If you're thinking of selling your home in 2014 or just want to ramp up your home value, it's important to educate yourself on which improvement projects will bring you the most return on your investment.
8 Inexpensive Bathroom Updates Anyone Can Do (PHOTOS). Use Glass Jars For Storage Eclectic Bathroom Add Art Other by Minneapolis Interior Designers & Decorators Happy Interiors
Mid-Century Modern Style. Wondering where this vintage style came from and how it made its way back into modern interiors?
7 Ways To Get Black Paint Right In Your Home (PHOTOS). Try It In A Small Space, Entryway Or Hall Traditional Hall by Chicago Interior Designers & Decorators Branca, Inc. Black
35 Fabulous Vintage Pics Of Betty White, In Honor Of Her 92nd Birthday (PHOTOS). There is absolutely nothing that we don't love about Betty White. So, in honor of her 92nd birthday, we're taking a look
Keecker, The Robotic Butler Of The Future, Will Change Home Entertainment Forever. Like we said, definitely not your superhero's butler. If you hear the word \butler\ and think of someone like Bruce Wayne's
7 Things You Didn't Know You Could Buy At Trader Joe's (PHOTOS). Good Cleaning Products You can find Dr. Bronner's products, in addition to private label brands. Pet Products Specifically
Hugh Hefner's Wife Is Renting Out Her Hollywood Home. If you've an extra $32,000 a month you'd like to spend then this is your opportunity to live like a Playboy (or at least
New Homeowner Finds 100-Year-Old Surprise Hidden In Baseboards (VIDEO). When you move into a home, you don't just inherit a new living space -- you also (sometimes unfortunately) inherit whatever
Apres Ski Me!. The real questions that I want to answer are
Moving in Together? Make Moving Day Go Smoothly. Planning on taking the plunge and moving into a new place with your significant other? Moving day can be one of the most exciting experiences of the journey -- as long as everything goes smoothly, of course.
Here's What $1 Million Buys You In Real Estate These Days (PHOTOS). If you had a million dollars, you could buy yourself a hell of a fancy house in Detroit. Or a sweet little condo with ocean
PLUMEN 002 Is The CFL You'd Actually Want To Use (And Look At On A Daily Basis). If you like the energy-saving benefits of a CFL but kind of hate the light emitted from the bulbs, we present you with a
Senator Chuck Schumer Looks For A Roommate On The Internet, Just Like The Rest Of Us. Miller owns the house. He bought the place for $90,000 in 1977; Schumer moved in in 1982, with Durbin arriving 10 years later
Do Most Real Estate Agents Own Their Own Homes? Yes!. 83.0% 9 Construction equipment operators 77.8% 74.9% To discover whether real estate professionals are especially committed
5 Ways Home Sellers Can Prepare For the Spring Market. With spring being the busiest time for real estate, homeowners planning to put their homes on the market shouldn't wait for flowers to bloom before getting ready to sell.
Feng Shui Energy in the Year of the Horse. Do not hesitate with your plans and decisions, because this year everything happens very quickly! It will be startling in
11 Ridiculously Easy Ways To Save Money Without Changing Your Lifestyle. We always hear tip-based stories about clever ways to cut your spending, but many of them come with a lifestyle change to
11 Decor Ideas That Will Change Your Rental Apartment (Without Risking Your Security Deposit). 10. Change those knobs and pulls. Just because you didn't choose the cabinetry doesn't mean it can't be customized. 5. Try
What People In The 1950s Thought The House Of The Future Would Be Like (VIDEO). The most current house of the future debuted this week, where we learned that our homes will just be giant Siris for us to
More People Are Moving To Oregon Than Any Other State, Study Finds. Whatever the reason, Oregon managed to dethrone Washington, DC, which held the top spot for the previous five years. Look
The Most Gorgeous Apartment Building You'll See Today (PHOTOS). Take a look at the slideshow below to see what we mean. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Awesome Arcade Room With Full Bar Is The Room You'd Never Want To Leave (PHOTOS). Here's all the proof you need that a great room doesn't have to be a space that belongs on a decor magazine cover. Nope. Sometimes
What Mindfulness Means To Me (And How I Practice It At Home). Earlier this year, when our team was gathering to talk about our plans for 2014, we each discussed feeling happy and proud
7 Ridiculously Easy Things To Do Today To Have A Better Morning Tomorrow (PHOTOS). The most common complaint about mornings is that they're, well, mornings. We know few people who actually enjoy waking up
Here's All The Proof That You Need That There's Nothing Sexier Than A Man Who Cleans. That's good news
We've Found A Portal To The 1970s And It's This Contemporary Home In San Antonio, Texas. Check our the photos below to see more of this amazing bit of 1970s style. And for an even closer look at the home (along
30 (More) Popular Life Hacks Put To The Test (VIDEO). What works and what doesn't? Watch the video to find out. From eating Tic-Tacs the right way to folding a shirt like a boss
Experts Predict 2014 Housing Market. While no one can predict with certainty what the housing market holds in store for 2014, a constant in real estate is always that local markets vary widely in their performance.
2014's Most Affordable Cities For Living On A Budget, According To Apartment Guide (INFOGRAPHIC). For many Americans, a new year means a new budget -- especially if a move is in your future. And if you're thinking of heading
3 Cheap, Obvious Ways To Keep Your House Warm On A Subfreezing Day (VIDEO). Staying indoors with the heat cranked up isn't enough to stay warm when temperatures hit the subzero mark. To really stay
DIY Dry Cleaning Tips That'll Save You Hundreds This Year (VIDEO). If you're tired of the price tag that comes with maintaining your wardrobe, there's good news
This Incredible Townhouse From House Beautiful Is What Dreams Are Made Of (PHOTOS). A classic city townhouse is on the shortlist of nearly everyone's fantasy real estate purchases. One couple, Jennifer and
5 Homes That Will Have You Dreaming of Downton Abbey. No detail was overlooked at this palatial estate in Scottsdale. The privately gated manor has 10 fireplaces, a gourmet kitchen
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
'Antiques Roadshow' Appraises 1955 Picasso Plate Found Under Decades Of Grease (VIDEO). In about 1970, a woman bought a plate in Rhode Island for under $100, which she hung in her kitchen upon her return home
The 6 Best Paint Colors That Work In Any Home. Most Flattering For Skin Tones
Jonathan Adler Meets Lady Bunny And The Result Is Everything You Want It To Be (VIDEO). Not all designers take time to \recognize [their] muses\ -- but Jonathan Adler is not all designers. In the series finale
9 Life Hacks That Came Straight From A Lazy Boyfriend (PHOTOS). We've seen so many \life-changing lifehacks\ that we think in the Impact font. While some hacks have been debunked or best
Just Take Our Money And Give Us This Star Wars Ice Cave Dog Bed (PHOTO). Editor's note
Hawaii's Eroding Coastline Puts Homeowners And Government At Odds. Once the county approves a seawall, it's a slippery slope, he said, because \it will start a domino effect down the beach
The Most Beautiful Instagram Pics From The Northeast Snowstorm (PHOTOS). Despite the urge to curl up in bed and hibernate for the day, Instagram users all over the Northeast took a moment to remind
How to Throw a Downton Abbey Premiere Party. What better way to celebrate than by hosting your very own Crawley-worthy dinner party? You don't need Mr. Carson, Mrs. Hughes or Mrs. Patmore to help pull this one off, either!
9 Ridiculously Easy Ways To Stop Being A Slob At Home In 2014 (PHOTOS). Follow These Super-Basic Rules. Common sense, but you're likely ignoring at least two of these. Take 10 Minutes Daily To
Exploiting Familial Ideals for a Car. Is anyone else more than a little crushed when images of gooey, familial perfection splash dazzlingly across the screen to a backdrop of dramatic music swelling to an emotional climax, only to have this scene culminate in an advertisement for the latest, greatest luxury vehicle?
One Easy Resolution. I was finally in the moment, I was finally present and most importantly I was being mindful. On this crazy day the wisest thing I did was carve out 15 minutes to organize the flowers into some creative arrangements.
'Colorized Hollywood' Is The Facebook Page Every #TBT Fan Needs To See (VIDEO). #TBT lasts long after Thursday on 'Colorized Hollywood,' a Facebook page that features painstakingly colorized black and
11 Reasons To Bring Back Landlines In 2014 (Seriously). 8. No one can make you upgrade your home phone. If you want to keep your embarrassingly old cell phone, your cell provider
Dome Homes Could Save Everyone From Hurricanes, Earthquakes And Flying Cars (PHOTOS). Though milder than previous years, 2013 saw its share of extreme weather, the increasingly alarming phenom that experts say
How To Use Radiant Orchid In Your Home. A harmony of fuchsia and purple with pink undertones, radiant orchid, Pantone's 2014 color of the year, is a surprisingly
Add A Pop Of Color To Your Glassware. Looking to add a little color to your glassware collection? Or perhaps just want to give some of those acrylic party glasses
Amanda Knox's Italian Crime Scene House Hits The Market For $500,000 (PHOTO). However, there's a catch. Crime scene tourists need not apply, however, Russo says, noting that the two-story home, which
Excessive Erosion Sweeps Hawaii Homes Out To Sea. Efforts to protect the shoreline at Rocky Point seem both futile and dangerous as construction debris continue to fall into
Four Simple Ways to Use Holiday Clutter to Pack Away D\u00e9cor Safely. Follow these four simple steps to reuse Christmas past, clear holiday clutter and make sure your d\u00e9cor is in one piece next year, all at the same time!
New Years Eve Party Planning Ideas. If you are opting out of the over-the-top party this year and entertaining friends and family at home, I've rounded up a few New Years Eve party-planning musts.
7 Ridiculously Expensive Homes Of 2013 We Couldn't Look Away From (PHOTOS). So where does one buy when money is no object? 2013's ranking of the most expensive zip codes in the country is one place
Top 5 New Year's Resolutions for Long-Term Renters. When landlords have great tenants, they are more likely to renew leases and limit rent increases. Stacy Brown, operations manager for Real Property Management, has four golden rules for building a great relationship with your landlord.
11 Timeless Lessons From Fabulous New Year's Eve Celebrations Of Generations Past (PHOTOS). This year, we're making our resolution to live with a little more style, taking cues from timeless lessons from generations
The Best Tiny Homes Of 2013 Proved That Smaller Was Big This Year (PHOTOS). Tiny homes are nothing new -- from a family of 4 downsizing to 168 square feet in 2008 to a Yale student building her own
5 Tips to Make Next Holiday Season Less Stressful. Set a calendar reminder on November 1st to start the holiday card process. This is a great reminder to get started early so that you are not cramming at the last minute to get your cards out the door.
10 Reasons Why It's OK To Spend New Year's Eve At Home, As Told In GIFs. 9. You won't have to risk the roads. 8. If you've got kids
12 Fresh Ways To Update Your Home In 2014 (PHOTOS). For more ideas, visit our friends at House Beautiful. Read more on www.housebeautiful.com The fastest way to make over sliding
Bottoms Up! 9 Stylish Home Bars. From floor-to-ceiling wine racks to elegant bar carts, Dering Hall's favorite home bars offer up a round of inspiration that
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Which item is your
Detroit's Abandoned Ruins Are Captivating, But Are They Bad For Neighborhoods?. Despite large swaths of vacant land, many buildings are being developed, and the city's downtown is full of renovated historic
Genius Decor Ideas For Small Spaces. After saving and scheming for years, my boyfriend and I moved into what's basically a palace
Anyone Born After 1999 Won't Know What The Hell This Is (PHOTO). Behold \The Floppy Table,\ a creation by Neulant van Excel. Here, just take all our money. ...unless they're ironically into
New Year's Eve DIY Party Decor. Spending New Year's Eve at home is genius -- no crazy reservations, no insane prix fixe menus, and zero worry about how you'll
5 Storage Hacks For Stowing Holiday Decorations Without Making A Bigger Mess (VIDEO). If it feels like you spent more time prepping for the holidays than you actually spent celebrating them, it might mean your
The Richest Homeowners Are Going Medieval To Protect Their Homes (PHOTOS). Media rooms and five-car garages used to be the kind of amenities that would set a luxury home apart (cue the MTV \Cribs
Creative Entertaining. From silver streamers to Champagne towers, from winter picnics to royal recipes, you can throw a New Year's party with a vibe that's black tie formal, fun, and laid-back, all at the same time.
12 Festive and Elegant Dining Rooms. Edward Lobrano Interior Design Wells & Fox Architectural Interiors Elle Decor Designer Visions Browse more dining rooms on
5 Homes With Views So Amazing, You'll Question All Your Life Choices (PHOTOS). On any given day, we come across dozens of gorgeous homes. Because we see so many, our bar is set pretty high when it comes
Going Out Is Overrated, According To New Year's Eve Survey (INFOGRAPHIC). Check out more of the survey findings in the infographic below. And tell us
Townhouse From Beyonc\u00e9's 'Halo' Video Hits The Market For An Insane Price (PHOTOS). According to listing agent Steven Halpern of Urban Compass, the Lafayette Street townhouse where Beyonc\u00e9 filmed her 2009
How to Re-Gift a Holiday Gift With Dignity and Respect. Before you pass along someone else's \treasure,\ let's review a few re-gift giving rules.
Jimmy Fallon Named Most Desirable Celebrity Neighbor For 2014. Red carpets, award shows, magazine covers and movie screens \u2014 it\u2019s not often that we see celebrities outside these circumstances
New Year's Eve Entertaining Must-Have. With a fancy ladle and petite cups, serving drinks from a punch bowl lends a vintage touch and an elegant atmosphere to your party. No matter your design style, a punch bowl is an easy way to add a pop of color and a focal point to your food or drink table.
20 Surefire Ways To Make Your Party Sparkle. We\u2019re not wasting any time when it comes to New Year\u2019s Eve prep. Put some sparkle in your festivities and leave a trail of
These 10 Relaxing Bedrooms Are The Perfect Way To Recover From The Holidays (PHOTOS). Ahh ... you made it -- nearly all the way through Holidays 2013. Sure, there was some last-minute panic and a few moments
Home Tech Raised the Bar in 2013. Linked-up entrances, such as the Kwikset locks opened by cell phone, have a more obvious application than the appliance geegaws. They make life easier by doing away with keys that clutter pockets and can be lost.
11 Better Ways To Display Christmas Cards Than In A Messy Pile (PHOTOS). ** Someone somewhere spent a good amount of time thinking about that Christmas card they sent you this year. There was a
5 Christmas Decorations That Are O.K. To Keep Up (Long) After The Holiday (PHOTOS). 'Tis the season for lots of lights and over-the-top outdoor decor, but the secret to winning Christmas may lay in a far more
The Year's Best D\u00e9cor Trends. We scoured the blogosphere and checked in with Sheila Schmitz, editor at Houzz, a home design and renovation site, to round up the year's interior trends.
Christmas Collection. While some folks prefer a Charlie Brown Christmas and others align themselves with the Clark Griswold school of decorating, Loree Bowen and her family in Orange County, Calif., celebrate the season by unpacking 10 large storage bins filled with more than 70 nativity scenes and related artwork.
10 Christmas Gift Wrap Ideas That Only An Overachiever Would Do (PHOTOS). 3. Individual Wreaths 2. Chalkboard-Inspired Wrap (Including A Handy Guide To Pens) 8. Hand-Sewn Ombre Glitter Gift Bags
This Christmas Tablescape Will Make You See Red And White In A Whole New Way (PHOTO). A lush centerpiece, warm accents, hints of chinoiserie \u2014 that's how this food blogger and consummate hostess sets a festive
Here Are 11 Things You Can Put In Mason Jars And Pass Off As Gifts (PHOTOS). And here's even more stuff in mason jars... 4. Vodka! 3. ALL THE CANDY 5. Manicure Stuff You Swore You'd Actually Use (But
7 Last-Minute Christmas Gifts That Don't Look Last-Minute (PHOTOS). The key to last-minute gifting is to make it look like you thought long and hard for the perfect present. Here are seven last-minute gifts that don't look like afterthoughts -- and all can be found at your local mall.
Dog Gone Crazy? 5 Tips for Managing Fido During the Busy Holidays. While pets are fun and so are holidays, the two can clash without proper planning. What can you do to ensure that the family gathering is problem free while ensuring that your pet can be part of the party too?
'Antiques Roadshow' Appraises Original Claymation Models Of Rudolph And Santa Found In Attic (VIDEO). You thought those ratty old stockings your mom has been hanging since 1985 were the ultimate throwback to Christmas past
Study Finds British Peoples' Biggest Holiday Pet Peeves Couldn't Be More British. Here's what other holiday hassles annoy British people the most
The Locomotive Ranch Trailer Will Destroy All Notions Of What Trailer Living Could Be (PHOTOS). This trailer, however, will change your mind. Of course, it is encased in a glass home that sort of looks like a high-speed
The 10 Most Annoying People You'll Meet While Christmas Shopping (GIFs). This is it, guys. The last weekend before Christmas. Malls are open until midnight. There's an abnormal surplus of \safe\ last-minute gifts (read
5 Tips for the Anti-Stress Holiday Host. Amidst the frenetic pace of holiday party season (often one after the next) tips like tested menu favorites and hassle free d\u00e9cor offer a welcome respite from the pace and pressure of holiday hosting.
Must See Neighborhoods for Holiday Lights. Fun, old-fashioned family displays aren't often advertised, but can spread Christmas cheer faster than Buddy the Elf. So to find out where all the Griswolds are hiding, we asked the experts
What Your Christmas Decor Says About You (PHOTOS). There's nothing like spending the holidays with your mom, dad and your perennially tipsy uncle Eddie, but you don't need
6 Rebate Pitfalls to Avoid This Holiday Shopping Season. Rebate offers always sound enticing, but can turn sour if you aren't able to actually get paid from the offer. Here are six tips to make sure that once all the wrapping paper is cleaned up, you still have a little something to look forward to for yourself.
Self-Cleaning Tableware Will Change Your Life...And Your Bad Habits (PHOTOS). The life-changing invention
10 Ways To Hide The Fact That You're A Secret Slob, Before Holiday Guests Arrive. 2. Set A Timer, Grab A Big Bin Put anything that's supposed to be in the bedroom but isn't, into the bin. Setting a timer
Obama's Hawaii Vacation Home And The Luxury Rentals Of Kailua. The plantation-style interior of the home is a perfect mixture of old Hawaii and modern elegance with a kitchen and dining
The Year's Most Searched ZIP Codes. 4. Pembroke Pines -- Hollywood, F.L. The definition of a great neighborhood differs from person to person. However, we have
The Top Pinterest DIYs Of 2013 Reveal Our IKEA Hacking, Well-Organized Fantasies. 2. The Perfectly Organized Kitchen It's no secret that every home-loving, DIY-doing interior fanatic has the \Pin It\ button
Making Time to Clean in 4 Easy Steps. Use your cleaning time as a calming activity. The act of throwing away the trash and cleaning counters and surfaces can be very relaxing. In a hectic day, this is your time to take control and create change.
Creating a Wow Space. Taking your visions and inspirations from abstract to a more tangible concept will help you understand what works with what and, most importantly, how they holistically create your space and style.
Home in the New Year. As we find time to bake, prep for guests or (hopefully) relax in front of the fire or TV, many of us experience a nagging sense that something's been left undone. Call it \house angst.\
Birdbnb Is Exactly What You Think It Is -- And It's Amazing (PHOTOS). H/T Design Taxi Consider this your daily dose of cute
Pantone Color of the Year -- How to Decorate With Radiant Orchid. Treading between pink and purple, the Pantone color elicits strong feelings of both love and hate.
Stunning NYC Apartment 'Mansion' Used To Be A Vacant Parking Lot (PHOTOS). ** Enter the visionaries at design firm SFA Design, who stepped in to overhaul the 29,702 square-foot space that most recently
How to Decorate a Console Table. A console table is a versatile piece of furniture -- it can serve as a surface in the entryway to collect keys and coins; as a petite desk when you're short on workspace; or as a focal point in an otherwise plain room.
Last Minute Gift. Only a handful of shopping days left before Christmas and you've got a few gits yet to purchase. Why not make a donation in someone's name to their favorite charity?
Winter Crafts For Kids To Keep 'Em Busy During Boring Snow Days. This time of year always beckons to my inner Martha Stewart. I love the idea of complicated baking endeavors, spending time
A Conversation With Architect and Interior Designer, Ashley Hicks. Ashley Hicks takes time off from his packed schedule to talk about ideas and hard work, active instructions in museums, and sometimes being mistaken for a girl.
'Flower Shell' Makes It Possible To Literally Shoot Seeds Into Your Garden With A Gun (VIDEO). Editor's Note
This Christmas House Light Show Is Next Level (VIDEO). If you would like to see the house for yourself, send a Facebook message to Lights On Ice Crystal for the exact location
The Sneaky Secret Holiday Hosts Really Want You to Know. At the end of the evening, after your host washes the dishes and sweeps the floor, I guarantee they'll be tearing open those little gifts in the same way they would if they had just discovered Santa's secret stash. So why not be the guest that they call gushing the next morning?
No Chimney? No Santa.. 9 St. Louis, MO-IL 5.0 # U.S. Metro For-sale listings mentioning chimneys, per 1,000 listings 1 Buffalo, NY 3.9 Where to
9 Common Household Items That Are Extremely Flammable. Do *not* try this at home. Read more on BuzzFeed
Busiest Shipping Day Of The Year Is Today, Announces US Postal Service. For many people, the most hectic shopping day of the year comes the day after Thanksgiving, but for the members of the U.S
Zara Home Breaks Out Festive Accents That Are Cool, Not Corny. Matted-hair Claus dolls, generic ball ornaments, white icicle lights, plastic reindeer tablecloths \u2014 it's no wonder that
Sleep Tight! Nightstand-Styling Secrets To Copy. If there's one thing every bedroom needs, it's a nightstand. Small in size yet extremely functional, these little tables
5 Tips to Design the Perfect Transitional Kitchen. Anyone who's been thinking about remodeling or creating a kitchen for more than 10 minutes has come across the term \transitional.\ It's a popular term in design circles, but what does it really mean?
The 3 Biggest Kitchen Trends Of 2014 Might Surprise You (PHOTOS). For its Home Design Trend Report for 2014, Zillow interviewed more than 2,000 randomly-selected adults across the U.S. Check
6 Ways To DIY Holiday Decor On The Cheap (INFOGRAPHIC). Luckily, the decor ideas we spotted in this cute About.com chart don't ask a lot when it comes to time, so you can throw
18 Christmas Party Ideas That Won't Break The Bank (PHOTOS). You've probably already been to a bevy of holiday parties this season, which begs the question
Christmas Just Came Early! Shop This Week's Best Online Holiday Sales. Are you chowing down on chocolates from your advent calendar while happily counting down the days until Christmas? Or does
Dig It. If you're anything like us, you aren't afraid to sometimes spend a few extra dollars on a well-curated closet. Those wear
How To Wrap A Gift Like A Pro... And Not A 5-Year-Old (VIDEO). For many people, wrapping a gift is an action that's easier said than done. There's always one person in the family designated
45 Awesome DIY Gift Ideas That Anyone Can Do (PHOTOS). Though you still have time to shop before Christmas, you might be tempted to bypass the crazed shopping zombies at the mall
5 Tips to Make Your Home Holiday Party Ready. Once you've made your home holiday party ready, sit back, relax and enjoy your loved ones. We have a lot to be grateful for and the love we share with our family and friends is at the top of the list.
Five Myths About Being a Doctor's Wife. Over time, I have I have been surprised, and slightly entertained, as people have admitted to me their assumptions about doctors, or what it is like to be married to one.
19 Essentials For The Ultimate Home Bar. 'Tis the season for hosting a cocktail party. So, you've probably already stocked up on a bevy of fancy garnishes and spirits
11 Awful Holiday Gift Ideas for New Girlfriends. If you're one of the lucky survivors of a newly-formed relationship and avoided becoming a victim of the dreaded Turkey Drop, congratulations! But don't celebrate too quickly. Now the pressure's on to pick out that perfect holiday gift.
How Do I Clean A Sooty Fireplace?. Q. How do I remove soot stains on a brick fireplace? Tracy Dressen Lakeville, Minnesota Read more on Real Simple
This Incredible Christmas Light Show Tells Us What The Fox Says. To please his young daughter, software engineer Jay Perkins, of Tulsa, Okla., created a mastermind Christmas light show in
You'd Swear These High-Rises Were Photoshopped In 'Architecture Of Density' (PHOTOS). ** H/T Messy Nessy Chic Thrilling as it may be, city life has its drawbacks, not the least of which is the shortage of space
Odd Moving Tips That Really Work. You've got the basics -- cardboard boxes, newspaper, the phone number of a pizza place so you can feed the friends helping you move all your worldly goods. But do you have enough socks for the stemware?
Creative Entertaining. High style doesn't have to come with a high price tag.  Get creative and use objects you have around the house to provide seasonal accents.
Why 'Made in America' Is Cool. In the last few years, pride in American-made goods has been causing a swing back in that direction, making them trendier than ever among the hip and cutting-edge. We can support \Made in America\ products even more by giving them as gifts and spreading the word.
Holiday Trends. From footwear to breakfast to this year's centerpiece, Coupons.com holiday trends have got you covered from A to Z. Find out how people are celebrating, decorating and feasting. Plus, learn a few simple DIY projects for enjoying these trends in your home and on a budget.
Coming Home to Small Town, USA. As someone who swore never to look back and romanticize my formative years in Small Town, USA, I have fallen into the tired clich\u00e9 of seeing those days as bright beacons, standing in stark contrast to the dark road of uncertainty lying at my feet now.
Bring The Holidays Home With These Deliciously Aromatic Candles. The sweet smell of a successful holiday season comes with preparation. Making sure that your home is filled with Christmas
How to Wrap Presents When You Can't Find Any Tape. With the holiday season upon us, more likely than not you have some presents to wrap. And, if you're like me, you can never find the tape when you need some to wrap a present.
Christmas Off the Grid. At their worst, LED Christmas lights exude every bit of the warmth of a fluorescent-lit morgue. At their best, they're on par with strip club neon lighting. The problem is that the older incandescent Christmas bulbs, which cast a much warmer light, are huge energy hogs.
7 Practical Gift Ideas That Would Actually Be Very Welcome. Practical gifts get a bad rap. While kids and teens probably don't want to find a package of socks in their stocking, a few
The 9 Worst Hostess Gifts You Could Bring To A Party (PHOTOS). If you're planning on visiting friends or family this holiday season you better make sure you pick up a gift for the host
LED Christmas Lights Might Be One Of The Best Decisions You Make This Holiday (VIDEO). Christmas lights are chosen for their beauty rather than practicality. Mainly, the big decision is whether to go all-white
The Toilet Of The Future Corrects The Mistake We're All Making In The Bathroom (PHOTOS). It wasn't until our random introduction to the Squatty Potty earlier this year that we learned something was amiss with the
6 Best Gifts for Holiday Party Hosts This Season!. We've compiled a list of some of our favorite host and hostess gifts as you party hop from house to house this season.
13 Winter Scenes That Show The Best Side Of The Season (PHOTOS). Here are 13 winter scenes we've spotted so far this season that remind us how lovely the ice and snow can actually be. Have
Creative Gift Card Ideas For The Folks Who Like To Shop For Themselves. My dad is the single most difficult person in the world to shop for, and yet the easiest, because at this point we\u2019ve resigned
7 Reading Nooks To Inspire Your #SanctuarySunday (PHOTOS). Contemporary Hall by Chicago Interior Designers & Decorators 2 Design Group Modern Family Room by Charlotte Architects & Designers
10 Ridiculously Over-The-Top Pet Gifts For People Who Are Way Too Into Their Dogs (PHOTOS). The result (which we belatedly discovered via Fubiz.com)
14 Stylish Holiday Decorations For People Allergic To Cheesiness (PHOTOS). The whole concept of seasonal decor is a strange one. Spend a load of cash on something that'll sit in a box for 11 months
How to Build a Great Standing Desk for Under $50. There's a new health adage out now
Here's The Only Proof You Need That Renting In NYC Is Absurd. See more of the Van Dusen mansion below. When it comes to cost of living, there might not be two cities that better show
How To Regift Without Anyone Ever Noticing (VIDEO). Here's a riddle
Your Eyes Aren't Fooling You, But These Optical Illusion Wallpapers Are (PHOTOS). Dishes Contemporary Wallpaper Library Books Eclectic Wallpaper by Other Metro Paint & Wall Coverings Fabrics & Papers Warped
Dear Santa, Send Me Ilex. This year's hot holiday trend for home d\u00e9cor is ilex.  What's ilex?
Most Americans Get Fake Christmas Trees, But Here Are Some Of The Greatest Real Ones. The country's tallest Christmas tree isn't the famous Rockefeller Center tree, or even the National Christmas tree in Washington
25 Cheap Ways To Upgrade Your Space. You\u2019ve gotten a huge head start on your holiday shopping (go you!), but your pad is looking a bit ho-hum these days. So, before
8 Lessons From The French On Living The Good Life (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
The World's Largest Edible Home Is Made Of Gingerbread, Of Course (VIDEO). Earning the Guinness World Record for the largest gingerbread house in the world, this edible home measures 39,201 cubic
4 Unusual Ways To Reuse Empty Liquor Bottles (PHOTOS). When Christmas lights meet your favorite liquor bottles, recycling becomes a little more interesting. (Plus, you have a good
Gingerbread Architecture Makes Normal Gingerbread Houses Look Pathetic (PHOTOS). Commissioned for a Dylan's Candy Bar display at the annual art fest, Levin and Hargreaves project is next-level gingerbread
The 20 Best Websites For Unique Gifts, Stocking Stuffers And More (PHOTOS). We all want to give a unique gift that will be remembered year-round. Yet, when push comes to shove, we also have a tendency
3 Reasons To Reconsider Your Bedding. Hypoallergenic bedding is critical for a number of reasons. Most parents focus only on decorating the kids' rooms and forget
Easy Decorating Ideas Under $100 to Get Your Home Ready for the Holidays. You don't need to spend a fortune to get your home ready for the holidays! A few easy decorating ideas are all it takes to create a home worthy of your treasured friends and family this season.
Does Size Matter? The New Age Of Soundbars. These sound \bars\ offer a true alternative to a home theatre system with all of the benefits at a fraction of the cost along with none of the installation hassle and unsightly wires.
3 Totally Unexpected Nightstand Alternatives (PHOTOS). Swapping out standard furniture for something unexpected can add loads of personality to a boring bedroom, and these upcycled
Here's How Much It Would Cost To Buy Everything From 'The 12 Days Of Christmas'. PNC says that the cost of the gifts on the carol's extensive list has been rising steadily over the past three decades. This
DIY Holiday Gifts. Ingredients Bulk organic tea Resealable Tea Bags Mason jar to store your tea bags Custom label Directions These little bottles
Do Flowers Make You Rich?. Flowers are healthy, they don't make false promises and they deliver nourishment to your soul. For the price of a fancy coffee drink, they will watch over you all week and remind you that no matter what your bank account says, you are rich.
9 Kitchens With Majestic Lighting. 
How To Design A Home Office Space For Success (PHOTOS). Whether you work from home or just need a dedicated space to keep your life in order, a well-designed office can make you
Massive House Made Of Fabric Is Unlike Anything You've Seen Before (PHOTOS). The phrase \fabric house\ might bring to mind a mental image of a play house, or perhaps an uncreatively-named sewing supply
5 Rules Everyone Must Follow When Giving A Handmade Gift (PHOTOS). If you don't have time to start early, try to rein in your ideas to something that is actually doable in the time you have
The Pope as Political Philosopher. But at the same time, the ever-present financial clout of the oil and gas industry continues to secure political support
The Pope As Political Philosopher. Witness the Pope's treatment on the idolatry of money
Small Space Design Tips From NYC Pros. The dimensions of our apartments don't dictate our design dreams. We digest decor ideas like they're life sustaining, flipping
3 Tips for Getting \Home\ for the Holidays. The holiday season has begun. At the heart of the holidays is the idea of going home. But where is home these days?
The 8 People We All Love To Hate On HGTV's 'House Hunters' (PHOTOS). No matter which version you prefer, there will be at least one of the following archetypes present in any given episode. Here
8 Festive Ways To Spruce Up Your Table. If you're planning to do any kind of entertaining this holiday, let us remind you that the devil is in the details \u2014 especially
The Top 15 Christmas Light Displays Of 2013 (VIDEO). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
9 Tacky Christmas Decorations That Will Ruin The Holidays. Not everyone decks the halls in style. Inevitably, between the poinsettias and twinkling lights there will be a collection of heinous, tacky and useless decorations. Here are nine of the most ho-ho-horrible offenders that are sure to destroy your holiday spirit.
Reforming Education -- Where to Start?. In reality, even when countries address similar educational reform issues, policy possibilities and perspectives may vary
7 Vintage Thanksgiving Pics Remind You Of Life Before Smart Phones Took Over Your Family. It might be easier to connect to family members thanks to our smart phones, tablets and Skype, but it's also easier to feel
Al Fresco Thanksgiving Tables Will Make You Wish For Warmer Weather. While a barn on the property is picture perfect
Warm Food Is Less Important Than Nice Plates, Dinner Party Survey Reveals. Organizing games or entertainment and forcing everyone to get involved (25%) The survey, which was conducted among 2,010
Lowe's Black Friday 2013 Sale Has Big Deals For Every Area Of Your Home. - All in-stock Dyson floor care, 25% off - DEWALT 80-piece drill bit set with bag, $19.97 - 1-quart poinsettias, $0.99 - Master
7 Things A Hostess Does NOT Want To Hear On Thanksgiving. A good hostess will never admit that you are the proverbial thorn in her aproned side. But, rest assured, when the invitations go out every year there are a few black sheep on the list that are habitually a problem. It might be you.
The TOH Top 100. This year's picks for the most innovative, useful, and reader-relevant items for the home. Read more on This Old House
What Frank Lloyd Wright's Palmer House Can Teach Us About Relaxation (PHOTOS). Photo courtesy the Palmer House. \The more time you spend in the house, the more riveting it becomes,\ Cox said. \You listen
10 Thanksgiving Tips for Turkey Day. Don't go overboard on the selection of pies. Three pies are more than enough if you are having 10 guests or less. That's 24 slices of pie, people.
When Your Housemate Is a Packrat. How do you live together in the same house until death do you part and be glad you are? My husband and I have discovered a few things that help -- a lot.
The Secret to a Stress Free Thanksgiving. To get further insight on what kitchen elements make a caterer's job even easier, I talked to Jamie DuMont of New York-based Creative Edge Parties.
Ten Things Not to Say at the Table. \Your son looks just like you and your daughter looks like she could be from a different family? Is she the milkman's baby?\
And The Earth Seemingly Stood Still. The events of November 22, 1963 are more than indelibly etched in my conscience; they remain a motivating factor in my personal
5 Things Not To Bring To The Thanksgiving Table. Thanksgiving is one of those loaded-for-bear holidays. We overeat, we over-drink, we overwatch football, and speaking anecdotally, we overbook appointments with our therapists for the Monday after. Families, they just do that to you sometimes, you know?
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches
Sarah Richardson's Holiday Home Is A Real-Life Winter Wonderland (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
7 Incredibly Relaxing Soaking Tubs To Inspire Your #SanctuarySunday (PHOTOS). No view? No problem. Keep Lighting Low. Asian Bathroom by Mountain View General Contractors Harrell Remodeling A Bath Caddy
7 Thanksgiving Aprons That Will Make You Lose Your Appetite (PHOTOS). Thanksgiving is meant to bring out the best in us. For some that means our most grateful side; for others, our most domestic
The 9 Guests You'll Meet This Thanksgiving (And How To Deal With Them). The Armchair Quarterback One minute he's at the table, the next he's in front of the TV while everyone is still eating -- usually
5 Myths About White Kitchens. White, in all its hues from snow to cream to the barest hints of blue or gray, makes a timeless base for kitchen design. Homeowners
The Merriest Cities In America Are Where You'll Want To Party This Holiday Season (INFOGRAPHIC). As for where you'll find the most company-sponsored, egg-nog fueled merriment, Eventbrite says these 10 cities come out on
Brigitte Bardot's Paris Home Could Have Been A Discotheque. With pouty lips, flowing blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, Brigitte Bardot set the standard for the sex-charged beauty
Developing a Sense of Community Within Luxury Real Estate. Photo Credit
Couple Build Tiny House, Seek A New American Dream. Mueller
America's Best Small Cities Give You All The Benefits Of City Life On The Cheap (PHOTOS). According to Movoto Real Estate, who recently combed through data from the U.S. Census, Bureau of Labor Statistics, FBI, and
The Lazy Girl Gift Guide (Plus, A Little Something For Broke Girls). Sure, online shopping lets you scroll through stores in your sheepskin slippers, but that doesn't mean it's not stressful
Should Americans Fear Their Furniture?. The pet hairs and red wine stains on sofas across America, it turns out, should be the least of our concerns. The real issue
8 Unusual Light Fixtures For Those Bored With Chandeliers (PHOTOS). Jellyfish-Inspired Eclectic Patio by Hong Kong Interior Designers & Decorators Newton Concepts Furniture & Interior Design
Bjork's Home In The '90s Couldn't Be More 'Bjork' (VIDEO). Bjork just turned 48. This video clip from the '90s of her at home will take you back to a time when you didn't feel so old.
New York's Most Expensive Condo Building Is Home To An Incredible Sculpture (PHOTOS). The location
9 Fashionable Living Rooms. Jamie Bush & Co. View more living rooms on Dering Hall. Interior Design by Pamela Babey of BAMO, Photography by Lisa Romerein
Feng Shui Color Tips. Each element represents a component of nature and each element is represented by a color. Like the elements, each color has an energy associated with it and a feeling.
A Conversation With Designer and Donghia's Creative Director Chuck Chewning. Chuck Chewning is one of the most celebrated names in the architectural and design world. I talk to Chewning about alternative careers, Savannah and having good genes.
Ask the Etiquette Expert. Here are a few holiday table etiquette questions to start off the season on the right foot.
How To Remove Melted Wax From Linens. Dripping candles left a waxy mess on your tablecloth? Here\u2019s how to get your linens clean again. Read more on Real Simple
Designer Libby Langdon Covers House Beautiful, Reveals 4 'Daykeovers' (PHOTOS). ** Use wallpaper as an accent
9 Apps to Ease Your Holiday Stress. Between relatives dropping by unexpectedly, the household demands of hosting guests, and the constant expectation of cheer
How To Make A Coffee Table Out Of ANYTHING (VIDEO). You'll think twice about how much you spend on one, however, after this trip to West End Salvage where the owner shows us
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Secrets To A Spectacular Thanksgiving Centerpiece. Just because the meal is traditional doesn't mean that your Thanksgiving table has to be. Real Simple asked three creative
'Epic' Home Features Nearly Every Kind Of Lighting Fixture You Can Imagine (VIDEO). From floor-to-ceiling windows outfitted with shades that are programmed to open and close depending on the position of the
8 Ways To Spend Less This Holiday, Without Sacrificing Style (PHOTOS). Between the endless stream of holiday music, window displays and festive events, the holiday season can sometimes feel like
5 Tips For Living In The Big City On A Tight Budget (PHOTOS). After reading the Times' article about young people spending a lot on small spaces in New York City, my first thought was
Secrets of Successful Roommate Relationships. Whether your roommate is a complete stranger or your best friend, having an honest conversation about each of your expectations as roommates before you move in is paramount for long-term apartment enjoyment.
Blogger Julie Blanner's House Is The Argument For Living In Kansas (PHOTOS). One of my favorite updates was the new 9-light exterior door, again, adding much needed natural light. Other simple changes
Jonathan Adler's Latest Project Is 'Eye-Opening, Delicious & Fattening' (VIDEO). \Reinvention is everything. So many potters are trapped in their garrets in Vermont making the same mug over and over and
DIY Pineapple Lamp Will Make Your Day (PHOTO). When you think of DIY projects, you normally think of repairing squeaky floor boards or painting your home. Some of us, however
This Weekend's Sale Items Will Arrive Just In Time For Thanksgiving. The holiday season is steadily creeping in, and we want to make sure that we have all the trimmings to make the season feel
Gift in Style. My schedule is a constant juggling act of work, travel, family events, and a litany of hockey games. Finding the perfect gift can be a tricky and time consuming affair. Enter the Internet.
8 Pinterest Ideas That Exist To Make You Feel Bad About Your Life. These Pins may or may not solely exist to inspire feelings of inadequacy and confusion. Who are these people and what do they do with their days?
You Can Now Turn Your Instagram Pictures Into Custom Wrapping Paper. Dorrian Porter of creative studio Northern Imagination has created PicPaperie, an upcoming service that will allow you to
15 Things In Your Home That You Should Trash (And 5 You Should Never Throw Out) (VIDEO). That month-old block of cheese is a given, but did you know that there are other items in your home that come with an expiration
Incredible Spiral Staircase Garden Will Make You Never Want To Leave Work (PHOTOS). H/T DesignBoom Getting from one floor to another will be anything but a mundane experience with \The Living Staircase,\ a
39 Stunning Ways To Make Over Your Home. Sure, there\u2019s a vast, expansive world out there, but the right home decor will make your nest the coziest place on earth
Regular Cleaning is Good for Your Heart and Soul. If the average person spends up to 90 percent of their time indoors, we are breathing in dust mites, pet dander, pollen, mold, bug skeletons, and toxins from such innocuous sources as conventional cleaning products and even chemicals emitted from our own clothing and bedding. These toxins manifest themselves as symptoms most people attribute to allergies such as itchy eyes, runny nose, and wheezing, but which should actually be blamed on an unclean house.
The Top Three Things Male and Female Homebuyers Under 35 Disagree On. At Redfin, we looked into preferences among our own young homebuyers, and found that, what a shocker, men and women disagree on some major stuff. Namely, how long they plan to stay in one home, where they want to live and who they plan to live with.
The Most Generous Cities In America Aren't Where You'd Think (INFOGRAPHIC). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Forever Pillow Offers Endless Sleep Positions, Raises Lots Of Questions (VIDEO). We could go on forever (pun intended) about this bamboo-covered, thinsulate-filled wonder, but we'll let you see more for
Walter Lippmann's Maine Retreat Has One Of The East Coast's Best Views (PHOTOS). When Pulitzer Prize award-winning journalist Walter Lippmann wanted to get away, he really wanted to get away. His Tremont
Rest Easy. When you think of your bed, do you get excited to dive in after a long day? Or do you dread crawling into it, with its lumpy
20 Pieces Of '90s-Inspired Wall Art. It\u2019s no secret that were \u201990s-obsessed here at Brit HQ. It\u2019s a love of grunge, a love of early Britney, and a love of the
Where Disney-Obsessed Millionaires Can Live Out Their Mickey Fantasies Without Judgment (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Historic California Gold Mining Ghost Town On Sale For $225,000. Of course, the $225,000 listing comes with some notable drawbacks. There are no utilities, the structures are run-down and
Top Tips for a Warmer Home During the Holidays. Will you be accommodating overnight guests during the holiday season? If so, furnish their rooms with lots of extra blankets, and perhaps a space heater for especially cold rooms.
Inside A Restored Connecticut Cottage That Puts A Spin On History (PHOTOS). The Test of Time With low ceilings, peeling paint, and creaky floorboards, this timeworn cottage in Darien, Connecticut, would've
Nomad Micro Home Is Easier To Assemble Than That IKEA Dresser From College (PHOTOS). The Nomad Micro Home measures just 10\u00d710 feet and features a living room, kitchen and an upstairs sleeping loft, and it costs
Upgrade Your Thanksgiving Table Settings. Take your own dishes to fun, festive heights with these easy ideas for unexpected Thanksgiving tables. Read more on Real
Jeremiah Brent Launches Candle Collection On Gilt That's As Handsome As He Is (PHOTOS). Between Nate Berkus' holiday collaboration with Target and his hubby-to-be's just-launched candle collection on Gilt, we
Newly Single? 10 Ways To Redecorate Your Space, STAT.. We showed you how to redecorate if you\u2019re moving in together, but what happens if things go really south and you break up
How To Clean Glassware With Rice. It\u2019s tough to get your vases and glassware clean when you can\u2019t reach the bottom. Use this easy trick. Read more on Real
Kim Kardashian Throws A Yard Sale, Making Her Weekend More Like Yours (PHOTOS). Anything Oprah can do, the Kardashians can (or will try to) do better, including throwing a yard sale for charity. According
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. ** As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Today's selections
10 Expert-Created Festive Centerpieces. A beautiful arrangement says, \Welcome!\ Floral designers and event planners show us how they say it with flowers \u2014 and other
6 Ways To Save Money On Energy Bills This Winter (VIDEO). ** Take a look at the video above for tips on how an easy energy assessment can help you cut costs this winter. Have something
How To Fall In Love With Your Home... Without Changing A Thing. Do you love where you live? Even if you're pretty happy with your abode, you probably have, in the back of your mind, a little
10 Clever New Uses For Everything In Your Medicine Cabinet. Hydrogen peroxide, nail polish remover, cotton balls and even hair spray can do so much more beyond the bathroom.
8 Home Bars That Are Far From Man Cave Clich\u00e9s  (PHOTOS). Light woods make this \pocket\ size bar feel more spacious. Contemporary Dining Room by Seattle Architects & Designers Coop
Nicole Richie Decorates Her Home For Christmas Holiday (PHOTOS). When we heard that Nicole Richie was curating a holiday entertaining home collection for Joss & Main, we got pretty excited
A Budget Barn In Wales Reveals A Surprisingly Stylish Space (PHOTOS). Living and working in London but harboring fantasies about country life, Niall Maxwell, the founding principal of Rural Office
City Apartments vs. Suburban Living. The convenience of having a car, somewhere to park it for free and not having to deal with city traffic is one of life's greatest pleasures. On the other hand, one of life's other greatest pleasures is cocktailing it up at happy hour or bottomless mimosa brunch (yes, that's a real thing) and knowing a lovely cab driver is just an arm hail away from getting you to and fro safely.
10 Serene Bedrooms To Inspire Your #SanctuarySunday (PHOTOS). Contemporary Bedroom by Old Lyme Architects & Designers Nautilus Architects LLC Better yet, show us your favorite spot to
20 Updates That'll Change Your Bedroom, For Under $20 (PHOTOS). Bedroom decor doesn't always have to be pricey -- but it also doesn't always have to come from Target (no disrespect), either
5 Good Reasons to Spend Saturday Night at Home. Opting to stay in when the weather is chilly doesn't have to mean ordering Chinese take-out and watching Scandal in your jammies (though, that is perfectly acceptable). If you want to turn up the heat, try these 5 ideas that will make a Saturday night in way better than going out on the town.
Ditch Your Tablecloth, And More Tips For Setting The Perfect Holiday Table. Experiment With Height Use a cake stand as a stage for a grouping of candles, and consider height when adding flowers to
Nate Berkus x Target's Holiday Collection Will Look Good All Year 'Round. Maybe it's from growing up surrounded by \seasonal decor,\ but silver-snowflake window decals and reindeer table runners
The 11 Best Life Hacks For Keeping Your Kitchen Fabulous (PHOTOS). When it comes to keeping a tidy kitchen, the less we have to do, the better. That's why we will take quick \life hacks\ over
Gorgeous Brooklyn Apartment Is Something Both Men And Women Can Agree On (PHOTOS). Photos by Claire Esparros Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram
Small-Scale Developers, Big Dreams. It was the proverbial melting pot, festive, aromatic and polyphonic. There were young hipsters (identifiable by their wool
5 Log Cabins That Are Perfect For Hibernating Winter Away (PHOTOS). You, too? We've found contenders at every price, from under $200,000 to just under $4 million. Some are rough hewn, some
Eminem's Childhood Home In Detroit Burns After Woman Tried To Purchase It. The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem's 2000 release \The Marshall Mathers
Him & Her Chairs Are An Interesting Take On A Design Classic (PHOTOS). Conceptualizing masculinity and femininity in a chair isn't the easiest feat, as rapper Pharell showed us with his failed
Get A Leg Up On Your Holiday Preparations With These 20 Awesome Veterans Day Sales. Veterans Day is a momentous occasion for more than one reason. The holiday gives us a chance to commemorate the heroes who\u2019ve
Like the Heart, Tulips Know No Season. Some rather ingenious tulip growers in California have figured out a way to have farm fresh tulips in the fall. No, it does not mean flying them in from South America, which what is done with nearly every rose sold in the United States today.
5 Things You Didn't Know Vinegar Could Do (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Check out the video
Frank Lloyd Wright's 'Usonian Home' Was 74 Years Ahead Of Its Time (PHOTOS). The work of Frank Lloyd Wright needs no identification. Unless, it's one of the hundreds of structures the legendary architect
The Ultimate Moving Guide for First-Time Renters. There are many details to consider after you've successfully tackled the apartment search and begin preparing to relocate that may not be spelled out in your lease.
5 Mistakes Everyone Makes When Choosing A Paint Color (PHOTOS). Correct It
The 'Doing Time' Project Gives Prison Inmates An Interesting Alternative To License Plates (PHOTOS). Many prison tattoos you may come across feature a clock with no hands, which has come to represent several things. One being
A Batty Business in Boston. I took the compost pail -- trying to shake off my bat creeps -- to the woods and flung it. How do you like that. Some creature
11 Incredibly Cozy Rooms With Fireplaces (PHOTOS). Traditional Patio by Portland Landscape Contractors Big Sky Landscaping Contemporary Living Room by Toronto Interior Designers
The Evolution Of American Homes... In 4 1/2 Minutes (VIDEO). We regret that this video from \House Counselor\ is no longer available. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at
Dreaming In Color. We've covered all the colors of the rainbow in our series on bedroom color, so let's turn to black this week. Adding black
Cozy Mountain Cabin Built From Repurposed Windows Costs Just $500 To Make (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Inside, there's no electricity or plumbing, necessities that are easily overshadowed by the home's most stunning feature
The Best Cities For Millennials Right Now. My generation, the Millennials, are infamously the first Americans who are not necessarily expected to do better than their
Oprah's Yard Sale Rakes In $600,000 For Leadership School. According to the Los Angeles Times, the biggest sales of the day included a set of six 18th-century Louis XVI armchairs with
3 Weird Things Found While Renovating Old Homes (VIDEO). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
A Conversation With Architect and Designer Gert Voorjans. Voorjans has created environments that are richly layered with influences from the East and West and from varied style periods and yet the overall effect is warm, suffused with color, and visually stunning. His look is that of studied nonchalance and eclectic elegance.
Happier At Home. I have a confession to make
5 Ways to Be Green and Avoid the Red this Holiday Season. Have you already heard your first Christmas carol? Or, seen your first box of Christmas cards in your local Papyrus? Brace yourself; it's that Tim Burton time of year again. Let the holiday nightmares begin!
6 Fun Ways To Decorate With Duct Tape. The new versions of duct tape are as durable as the trusty silver stuff, but they're made for showing off. See how the experts
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Ask the Etiquette Expert. You may disagree with their politics, television choices or the way they parent their children, but it's not your place to interject your own preferences and particular parenting style. You are a guest, not a voting member of the immediate family. Even if you are the grandmother!
Designer Kara Smith Takes Us Inside Some Glam Celebrity Digs (PHOTOS). We suppose a good cup of coffee or a motivational talk could help us shake off those lingering Monday blues, but one look
9 Gorgeous Closets That Show The Glam Side Of Organization (PHOTOS). Something For The Guys Contemporary Closet by Victoria Photographers Joshua Lawrence Studios INC Check out our slideshow
Top 15 Home D\u00e9cor Trendsetters From the South. As the creator of the Sweet Peach Blog, which showcases the best in Southern design and artistry, I've had the chance to travel and meet, as well as research and admire, an incredible group of Southern artists.
7 Incredibly Relaxing Bathrooms To Inspire Your #SanctuarySunday (PHOTOS). Mediterranean Bathroom by Austin Architects & Designers Vanguard Studio Inc. Contemporary Bathroom by Denver Interior Designers
The 5 Best Organizing Websites To Help The Perpetually Messy. I Heart Organizing This organizing expert raises the bar on organizing experts by maintaining a perfect home despite a big
Save Over $2000 A Year By Learning How To Dry Clean At Home. In 2008, Kash Shaikh, a manager of communications for the North American fabric care unit of Procter & Gamble, shocked us
Things Every Homebuyer Should Know (VIDEO). ** Check out more of his tips on how to avoid common home-buying mistakes in the video above. Buying a home can be thrilling
The Weekend's Best Sales And Discounts For Kids' Decor. Last week, we had retail therapy on our minds. We shopped for shoes, bags and home d\u00e9cor items at seriously slashed prices
The 'Perfect' Weekend Has Been Revealed...By A Survey (INFOGRAPHIC). And no that doesn't mean diving into that ongoing list of weekend DIYs. In fact, 43 percent of those surveyed consider an
Banksy in Bywater? NOLA's Rice Mill Lofts Remixes Its Industrial Past. If you've ever longed to make your home in a century-old industrial rice mill amid preserved graffiti and masonry brick walls, New Orleans' Rice Mill Lofts might be the perfect place for you.
This Bizarre '60s Bike Safety PSA Will Haunt Your Dreams (VIDEO). \One Got Fat\ is a bike safety PSA that looks unlike any other PSA you've ever seen before. (Unless you've already seen it
November Checklist For A Smooth-Running Home. As the weather shifts and daylight hours wane in November, home tasks naturally center around the indoors \u2014 preparing for
Americans Flee The Northeast Because It's The Northeast. A study released earlier this year showed that New Jersey had the highest ratio of people moving out compared to those moving
The Best Scented Candles For A Cozier Home (PHOTOS). Having good taste in candles might not seem like a big deal \u2014 but when you walk into someone's home who does, you know it
Testing 5 Unusual Ways To Clean A Toilet (VIDEO). Nobody really wants to discuss toilet cleaning, but it's a chore that most of us will have to tackle. Though you can clip
Guest Picks. Just as our families and experiences shape who we are, our locations are inextricably linked to our personal histories. Ask
And They're Back! Buyer Demand Rebounds After Government Reopens. In the aftermath of the shutdown and debt ceiling debacle, a storm of news media and economists predicted that anxious Americans would spend less through the new year. In the housing market, however, these predictions aren't panning out.
Haunted Designer Showcase. The legendary Greystone Mansion of Beverly Hills will soon open its gates and welcome visitors. The estate's secrets, mysteries and ghosts, however, may not reveal themselves as easily. If only these thick, limestone walls could talk.
Can My Evil Landlord Evict Fido and Fluffy?. Many apartments and cooperative corporations have a \No Pets\ policy. Your ability to circumvent this policy will depend upon the type of animal you have as well as the mood of the housing court judge on any given day.
Halloween and the Bizarre Art of Unexpected Style. All Hallows Eve is an event ushered in annually at my home with great fanfare, enthusiasm, and a liberal amount of custom wigs... In my book, it is a holiday dedicated to reinvention, bold self-expression, creativity, and wild costuming. A chance to pay homage to my muses or even become them for a day.
10 Reasons Why The 1980s Were The Ugliest Decade For Everything (PHOTOS). It started out with a simple challenge
Here Now, Counting Down The 13 Best Houses In Horror Films. Halloween is about a few simple joys
The 7 Best Plants To Grow When Summer Fades. Trees may be losing their leaves, and the first frost is coming up quick, but that doesn't mean you have to give your green
19 Adorable Ways To Decorate A Light Switch Cover. From our friends over at BuzzFeed DIY comes this fabulous light switch cover craft
Backstreet Boy A.J. McLean's House Tour Reveals A $7,000 'Haunted Mansion' Table (VIDEO). Thoroughly fitting for Halloween. Check out more of A.J.'s house tour in the video above. Do you have a home story idea or
How To Make A Tiny Apartment Feel Huge. To see how Rosenblum transformed her space, visit our friends at Refinery29. Read more on www.refinery29.com At the age of
Three Good Uses For Orange Peels In Your Home. Here's how you can repurpose pretty much anything in your home. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably
Halloween 'Ghost Girl' Decoration Is Seriously Scary (VIDEO). If you're looking for a seriously scary Halloween decoration this year, look no further than the video above by Theclaaw
The Trouble With Freeing People. I've seen too many scarred people to let myself shut up when someone is in need of support. I've also learned from the stories
Why Beauty Matters. Although it's true that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, we cannot deny that there are certain art pieces, objects, places, buildings and cities that we might consider beautiful over some others that we might think are the opposite, yet interesting, quirky, thought-provoking or fun.
Pro Reveals Everything You Wanted To Know About Reupholstering. New York City design-and-build specialist Matthew Haly doesn\u2019t soft-pedal when it comes to his craft. Thinking of reupholstering
Ernest Hemingway's Cats Didn't Get In The Way Of His Manliness (PHOTOS). Regardless of where you fall on the Key West cat debate, you'll enjoy the below pictures of Hemingway happily playing with
A Simple, But Inspired Design Idea for the Home - Start a Collection. Whether it be a set of vintage cameras or early 20th century spectacles, building a collection of like objects is an easy way to create a cohesive (but still very interesting) display.
Private Pool In NYC Is A Little Piece Of Heaven... And Nearly Touches It (PHOTOS). All photos via New York Magazine. Check out his incredible rooftop oasis in the slideshow below and in the Winter 2014 edition
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
A Microscopic 375-Square-Foot NYC Studio Gets An Incredible Makeover (PHOTOS). A studio apartment is expected to be small. In New York City, where space is at an incredible premium, these all-in-one rooms
Top Tricks For Making Grocery Store Flowers Look Great. As wonderful as it would be to decorate your home with flowers gathered lovingly from your lush, rambling garden and arranged
Study Finds Clean Sheets Are A Huge Turn-On For Women. 'They probably think their chances of getting sex are higher because their partner will be happy with them and more inclined
All-Natural Homemade Air Freshener How-Tos, Because Indoor Pollutants Stink (VIDEOS). We could all, quite literally, use a breath of fresh air. According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency
This DIY Headboard Has An Unusual Other Use (PHOTOS). There are a million tutorials out there on making your own headboard, but most of them are costly, involve a jigsaw and feel
6 Amazing Home Renovations You Have To See To Believe (PHOTOS). All photos and captions provided by Architectural Digest. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Life Hacks From 100 Years Ago That You'll Still Want To Know Today (PHOTO). You know... everyone thinks the thought of a life hack is just some new thing created by folks on the internet. But as this
The Best Online Sales This Weekend, From Restoration Hardware To Kohl's (PHOTOS). Feeling in the mood for a little therapy session? We're talking the retail kind. This weekend, online deals and steals are
Bamboo Treehouse In Bali Is Pretty Much A Mansion In The Sky (PHOTOS). As if Bali's beautiful seascape and tropical weather weren't alluring enough, the Southeast Asian country boasts one of the
10 No-Carve Pumpkin Ideas That Are Better Than Traditional Jack O'Lanterns (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
5 Kitchen Remodeling Trends That Are Here To Stay (For Now). Houzz recently released the results of its first ever Kitchen Remodeling Survey, revealing kitchen renovation trends among
What Do You Get When You Marry A Stylist? Your Dream Home, Of Course (PHOTOS). To learn more tips and tricks from this duo, head over to Country Living; click through the slideshow below to see their
How To Make Amazing Halloween Pumpkins This Year (VIDEO). With Halloween right around the corner, one of the best activities for adults and kids alike to engage in is the annual tradition
Jeremiah Brent Designs, The Sexiest Season And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). Look! I DO work with color sometimes. @charmandchain showroom. BOOM #jeremiahbrentdesign Have something to say? Check out
10 Cool Kitchen Gadgets You Didn't Know You Needed. Apart from the invention of the stove, cooking hasn't changed much in the last 100 years or so. Yes, food fads come and go
New Uses For Recyclable Items. Before hitting the recycling bin, give these items a second chance. Read more on Real Simple
The Unparalleled Power Of Trees. I find you can fit most home sites into one of two types of places
Like Your Neighbors? Most Americans Do Actually. \I wish my neighborhood had more ...\ All Suburban Urban Local restaurants 27% 26% 29% Local grocery shopping options 22
DIY Paint Project Ingeniously Uses Cardboard And Foam To Fake The Look Of Wallpaper (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The best part just
Robert Polidori's 'Versailles' Reveals More About Contemporary Culture Than The Past (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday Salutes Pixie Haircuts, Jack Nicholson's Home And More (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. In case you missed
10 Things You Should've Learned In High School. If my college-age neighbors are any indication, the next generation is an absolute mess.\n\nI'm not even talking about \life\ messes (finding a job, getting married, etc.) but physical messes. This is my grandmother's generation's nightmare.
House Haunters. For designers who specialize in haunted houses, it's high season. What scares them is how little time there is to furnish
Kelly Wearstler Reveals How She Gets Color Right, Every Time. ** Head over to Carbon38 for more information. Don't forget to scroll through our slideshow of Wearstler's latest project
Race Your Microwave to Keep Your Kitchen Clean. Whenever you throw something in the microwave for a few minutes, what do you usually do while you wait? If you're like me
These San Francisco Houses Don't Look Half Bad In Black (PHOTOS). San Francisco is famous for its Victorian architecture, and no style may be quite as recognizable as the city's Painted Ladies
10 Ways To Rethink Your Lists. Lists seem to be more central to our lives than ever before\u2015from our own obsessive to-do lists to the structure of the human
Hot Trends in Luxury Kitchen Cabinets. Here are the top four trends in cabinetry that I'm seeing in kitchens today, and that I'm personally enjoying incorporating into my own designs.
eBay Signs On 200 'Tastemaker' Curators And Totally Ups The Design Ante (PHOTOS). The addition of social features on the site is part of an ongoing upgrade that eBay has been conducting, including a Pinterest
How to Remove Pollen Stains. Anyone working with lilies or enjoying them in their home or office will know the sad moment when you accidentally brush against a big Oriental lily and end up with a swath of bright orange pollen on your shirt, blouse or worse, your white slacks.
Great Halloween Ideas From 9 Awesome Pinterest Boards (PHOTOS). Maria Palito
Tory Burch Launches A Home Collection (And We Want Everything). Fashion mogul Tory Burch is catapulting herself into the decor market with the launch of a new home goods collection. Inspired
John F. Kennedy's Virginia Weekend Home, Wexford, Can Be Yours For $11 Million (PHOTOS). Jackie supposedly had a White House decorator help with its interior design. But Kennedy himself wasn't crazy about the place
Fall Home Decor Trend. One of my favorite home decor trends this fall is geometric patterns. From lighting to accessories to furniture, it's everywhere -- and with good reason. Geometric patterns are a sophisticated way to add visual interest to a space without being over-the-top
Family Lives In A Biodegradable House That Won't Be Around 10 Years From Now (PHOTOS). The reason for his move isn't so pleasant, he says. (He and his wife are divorcing.) But the home that they built in the
Ottawa, Canada Home Comes With Great Design And A Jaguar (PHOTOS). Not only will you get a home that's won the 2013 GOHBA award, but according to Curbed, you'll also get a two-year lease on
Better Ways to Save on Halloween!. Halloween is a few days away! So, if you still don't have a costume, now's the time to make your purchase.
The 14 Completely Honest Excuses You Give For Never Leaving The House, According To BuzzFeed. Watch the video above and leave a comment below letting us know your thoughts. Be sure to head over to BuzzFeed for other
A Rare Look Inside Jack Nicholson's '60s Home From LIFE Magazine (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. If you're looking for
Interior Design 101. Take heart, rookie decorators; everyone needs a little push once in a while when it comes to finding their personal style
Tips for Asking a Roommate to Move Out. As such an integral part of your daily life, it's important to nurture these unique relationships throughout the duration of the time you spend living together, but what happens when a relationship with a roommate goes awry?
Lei'd Back. Leis are the perfect antidote to the holiday stress. To make them, you use the same repetitive movements as knitting, which
4 No-Carve Pumpkin Crafts. Love decorating with pumpkins but hate the mess of carving? These no-carve ideas are festive and easy. Read more on Real
How to Plan Your Thanksgivukkah. The traditional meal is one of the best parts of any holiday. But I've got to admit, being able to alter the beloved Thanksgiving menu, and combine it with the delicious Hanukkah menu, no less, brings a certain excitement.
Find Out If Someone Died In Your House Thanks To A New Website, DiedInHouse.Com. This is a great site for anyone in the housing market. For example, if the seller isn't required to disclose deaths, homebuyers
Cemeteries Make For Ideal Neighbors, According To Real Estate Survey. The survey, which analyzed data from 90 U.S. Census MSAs (Metro and Micro Areas) across the country between January 2012
13 Gray Rooms That Will Completely Change The Way To Look At This Color (PHOTOS). More from Architectural Digest
8 Over-The-Top Bedrooms For Kids. You get to be a kid only once -- so let your children embrace it! Children's rooms are a great place for getting creative
A Conversation With Decorator Ellie Cullman. Cullman pauses from the many milestones of her career to talk about female empowerment, skin regimens and Raisinettes.
Genevieve Gorder Gets Dirty At HGTV When She's Not Dishing Out Design Tips (PHOTO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Gorder was quick to
Japan's Latest Art Supply Has Us Crazy For Crafts. Anything that makes everyday tasks a little cuter is always a plus in our book--which is why we've been stockpiling washi
'Revenge' Actress Ashley Madekwe Has A Fabulous Home -- And A Must-See Blog (PHOTOS). Photo Credit
10 Vinegar Life Hacks That Actually Work (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Smart Systems For Off-Season Storage. Keeping items out of sight when they're out of rotation is no one-size-fits-all proposition. Here, 10 self-contained solutions
Off The Wall. Wallpaper has graced the walls of chic homes for centuries, but is it possible that its greatest role is actually off the
15 Throw Pillows You Need Now. The simplest way to add some pizzazz to any plane Jane couch is with a bold pillow. The yin to any neutral piece of furniture's
Kevin Jonas Is Reportedly Selling The Gorgeous Home Featured On 'Married To Jonas' (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. This eclectic mix of
Contemporary Dollhouse Looks More Like A Rubik's Cube (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Cynthia Collins, Interior Designer, Has A Texas Home That's Feminine, Fresh And Fantastic (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
7 Spaces That Would Make Great Meditation Rooms (PHOTOS). The Yukimi shoji screens are perfect. Asian Bedroom by Berkeley Interior Designers & Decorators Design A There's not one
How To Paint Unfinished Wood Furniture. To redecorate a room, there's no need to buy new furniture--just update what you've got with a fresh coat of paint. Watch
Halloween Printables That Are Super Cute And Super Free (PHOTOS). Halloween comes but once a year, so making sure you have the best goodies to really help your home or party stand out is
5 DIY Projects To Fix Up Your Home This Weekend (PHOTOS). Fix A Squeaky Floor Get A New Desk Repaint Vanity Cabinets Traditional Bathroom by Edina General Contractors REFINED LLC
The Weekend's Best Online Sales For Furniture, Electronics And More. Traffic Schmaffic! Skip the bumper-to-bumper this weekend and snag yourself big bargains on home and electronics from the
It's Autumn and Time to Seasonalize Your Home. It's finally autumn! Seasonalize is a word you won't find in the dictionary, but decorators use it a lot. It means to bring your indoor environment in synch with the outdoor environment to reflect the season outdoors within your home.
9 Inspirational Fall Mantels. Mantels are the perfect spot for seasonal decorating. Here are nine homes with well edited, creatively crafted, and pleasantly
Kelly Wearstler's Pink Party Idea, Design Inspiration & More Instagrams From The Week (PHOTOS). Is that Cooper or is that a large dust bunny? In other news, this bath mat is perfect for K9s. AT Ready to play the Halloween
The Biggest Mistake(s) You're Probably Making In Your Bedroom. Not Enough Lighting \I often have two sources of light by the bed -- pretty lamps for aesthetics and ambient light. However
5 Ways To Redo Your Home Without Renovating This Fall (PHOTOS). Tile Tattoos Like its cousin, removable wallpaper, waterproof peel-and-stick decals are designed to embellish (or completely
7 Cleaning Hacks That Will Completely Change The Way You Do Things (VIDEO). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
'Blimp' Home In Australia Is 800 Square Feet Of Awesomeness (VIDEO). This tiny home in Australia was built by a husband-and-wife duo who wanted to live in a one-of-a-kind space. Coming in at
21 Fall Decor Buys To Get Your Cozy On. You don't have to be Colin Nissan to truly relish mother[expletive] decorative-gourd season. A cozy, seasonally festive home
Lindsay Lohan's California Home Was Designed After Kathryn Ireland's Own House (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
5 Ways To Put Fall Leaves To Work In Your Garden. In fall my town holds leaf collection days, when homeowners (or their landscape services) blow or rake fallen leaves off
Painting Supplies Checklist. Everything you need for a problem-free paint job
Dazzle Your Party Guests With This Photo Display. I'd arranged them and rearranged them on the floor at home until I liked what I saw. I didn't want all the baby photos in one spot, or too many posed photos in a row. I was going for random -- a fireworks display of fun.
Detroit's Stunning Architectural Ruins, And Why Documenting Its Faded Glory Matters. Woodward Presbyterian, architect Sidney Rose Badgley, 1908. Jarmain, who has been shooting in the city since 2008 with the
How Pineapple Jack-O-Lanterns Can Make Halloween Even Better. No more pretending we're in New England when Halloween rolls around. Embrace the warm weather and carve your pineapple jack
Inside Vincent Kartheiser's 'Japanese-Industrial' Home, Which Pete Campbell Would Probably Hate (PHOTOS). Like everyone else who loves midcentury design (and good drama), we're huge \Mad Men\ fans. So we pretty much fell off our
Man Shrinks His 1950s-Era Home Town All By Himself (PHOTOS). At first glance, Michael Paul Smith's Flickr photo stream might look like behind-the-scenes footage of one of our favorite
10 Easy Pieces. The wingback armchair is back\u2014and this time around, its shape is pleasingly streamlined. The design dates to the late 1700s
3 Easy Bathroom Ideas That Will Completely Refresh Your Space (PHOTO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. There's no denying
There Are Treehouses, And Then There's This Tree In A House (PHOTOS). We're so over treehouses (not really, but stick with us). We're all about trees in houses, like this beauty located in Almaty
10 Best DIY Halloween Wreaths. I look at a lot of DIY craft projects and some stick out more than others. These handmade Halloween wreaths are all clever
Eye-Catching Colors For Your Kitchen Floor. We've already made the case for putting bold color on your ceiling. Now let's focus downward, on the floor, as a canvas for
At First Blush - Reasons to Love the Color Pink.... Iconic, sensuous, delicate, punk -- Pink is a chameleon. It can be pretty and refined or rebellious and tough, all based on its environment and beholder.
J.J. Martin, Wallpaper Magazine Editor At Large, Has A Home As Stylish As Her Clothes (PHOTOS). Her home is also incredibly airy and bright. Although, there is one downside to the space
Craig & Mary Romney's Home Has A Slide, Craft Room And Much More (PHOTOS). Almost every space pops with color. From the moment you walk in, you're greeted with a bright multi-colored chevron rug. You're
5 Steps to a More Masculine Home. Adding elements that are a little more weathered and worn naturally make a home feel more inviting. While your grandfather's old cigar chair may be an artifact in its own right, it can make your space feel more like a home, rather than a museum.
Most Expensive ZIP Codes In The U.S. Might Not Surprise You. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. NEW YORK, Oct 16 (Reuters
'Property Brothers' Jonathan And Drew Scott Cozy Up With Miranda Kerr (PHOTO). The event was held to give advertisers and media folk a peek at the upcoming content across the company's brands. The Scotts
How To. Mixing masculine and feminine bedding doesn't have to be an either/or situation. Designer Betsy Burnham shares her rules
Pumpkin Carving Hacks That Will Totally Up Your Halloween Game (VIDEO). In most of these cases, the word \clever\ is an understatement. Seriously, just wait until you get a look at the cookie cutter
Kitchen Of 2063 Will Have Hologram Cookbooks And 3D Printed Food (PHOTOS). Saturated In Sunlight External walls and roofs will be made of glass-like materials in an effort to harness the sunlight
Coodo Modular Units Could Be The Answer To Your Stressful Life (PHOTOS). Scroll through the photos below and head over to the website to find out more. The answer to a less stressful life could
The Creative Spaces Of The Rich And Famous. When they aren\u2019t performing, touring, opening shows, being interviewed or traveling the world, where do the rich and famous
How to Rotate the Display of an Art Collection. I'm out of walls in my apartment, and if that makes me a hoarder, then I am one. But I have to constantly rotate my collection and move pieces around along with my d\u00e9cor and furniture for the art to harmonize with my house.
Taylor Swift Gets The Best 'Welcome' To Rhode Island Ever (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
How The Water Bench 'Sofa' Is Helping Address Tight Water Supplies (PHOTOS). ** On the outside, it looks like your average tufted leather ottoman, but the seating, which is made from partially recycled
Meditation Gardens, Prayer Rooms And Chapels Are Becoming More And More Popular (VIDEO). Watch the video above for more information about these rooms. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook
Martha Stewart's Comments About Gwyneth Paltrow Sound A Tad Passive Aggressive (VIDEO). We guess that settles that. Watch the video above to hear what Stewart had to say, and be sure to head over to Bloomberg
Accent Tables That Only Look Expensive. If you think the perfect accent table is worth its weight in gold, these bargain options might change your mind. We've rounded
New Canaan, Connecticut Home Has It All, Including A Place To Land A Helicopter (PHOTOS). Scroll through the photos below, and head over to Christies International Real Estate for more information. H/T the Wall
New Uses for Lemons. Lighten hair, brighten clothes, soothe sore throat--the secret talents of this citrus staple. Read more on Real Simple
'Invisible Garden House' Allows You To Enjoy The Outdoors No Matter What The Weather (PHOTOS). ** This particular project was created for a home in Copenhagen, Denmark, but the house can apparently be reproduced quite
Fabulous Farmhouse In France Has Surprisingly Modern Interior (PHOTOS). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
There's No Place Like Om. Yearning for a place to unplug, meditate and pray, some people are transforming parts of their homes into houses of worship
Closet Organization Checklist. Take these easy steps to clear the clutter out of your closet. Read more on Real Simple
Castello di Santa Eurasia, Once A Crumbling Castle, Has Been Brought Back To Life (PHOTOS). Photography by Oberto Gili. Before photography courtesy of Domenico Minchilli Design, Rome. Scroll through the photos below
7 Yoga Rooms That Will Instantly Relax You (PHOTOS). Adding your favorite colors can definitely inspire you. Contemporary Home Gym by Other Metro Interior Designers & Decorators
New Uses for Office Supplies. Packing tape, paper clips, and more creative uses for desk accessories. Read more on Real Simple
Sprout Home Q&A of the Week. For this week's Sprout Home, expert Tara Heibel is answering common questions about nightshades. Find out what this plant is all about.
Adam Charlap Hyman's Brooklyn Home Is The Perfect Example Of Small Space Style (PHOTOS). It's true that every house tells a story. But for interior designer Adam Charlap Hyman, each of his two rooms in his Brooklyn
The Biggest Mistake You're Probably Making In Your Bathroom. No judgement here -- we just learned about this ourselves, thanks to Houzz contributor Tiffany Carboni, who points out that
Weekend DIY Projects That'll Fix Up Your Home In Two Days Or Less (PHOTOS). Add Pathway Lighting Tropical Exterior by New York Photographers Robert Granoff The bad news
Removable Wallpaper From Dormify Can Completely Change Your Walls Without A Commitment. We've all been there
How To Fake A Clean House. When you're short on time, here's how to give your living spaces the illusion of cleanliness. Read more on Real Simple
Place Cards That Bring Nature Too The Table. This idea is simple enough to pull off but special enough to be remembered.
Shelter Island, New York Home Has Eat-In Wine Cellar, Home Theater And Nightclub (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Martha Stewart Rides The Subway, Design Inspiration & More Instagrams From The Week (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Jonathan Adler Ditches New York & Gets His Chakras A-Tingling At Paolo Soleri's Cosanti In Arizona (VIDEO, PHOTOS). It's hard for us to imagine Jonathan Adler outside of his whimsical New York studio. But in the latest episode of \Inspiration
8 Expert Tips to Help You Manage Financial Risk When You Remodel. Remodeling can be a confusing and stressful process, with most of the stress centering around the amount of money involved and the complex nature of construction projects. Knowing and following these tips to manage the finances of your home remodel can save you from major headaches -- or disasters -- down the line.
Brad Pitt's Charity To Build $50K Home For Hurricane Sandy Family (PHOTOS). Take a look at the Rockaways design in the slideshow below. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
10 Things You Didn't Know About Cooking Safety. Our mission this week is to spread the word about how dangerous kitchen fires can be -- and provide safety tips that can prevent them. Did you know that ...
Thomas Jefferson's Monticello Is a Melting Pot Of Design (PHOTOS). ** Just outside of Charlottesville, Virginia, Jefferson's Monticello still stands today. The exterior is similar to that
Dry Your Garden Herbs For Casual Fall Decor. Snip some sage and round up the rosemary. Dried herbs are just as great for autumnal arrangements as they are for cooking
30 Life Hacks Debunked (VIDEO). According to this really trustworthy thing we just discovered, called \the Internet,\ there are a lot of little things we
4 Low-Maintenance Pets. Somewhere between a puppy and a pet rock lies (or swims) the best low-maintenance pet for you. Real Simple polled vets and
Mug Shot. Mugs may be the unsung heroes of the tabletop, but a little sleuthing can uncover some stylish finds. Whether you're dependent
8 Apps Every Renter Should Have. You might be relocating, you might be redecorating or you might be getting ready to renew your existing lease. Regardless of the situation, if you're a renter, you're in the right place. Check out this list of apps every renter should have in their back pocket.
10 Room Dividers For Both Large And Small Spaces. Remember the days of living in a tiny studio apartment--where the kitchen served as a makeshift living room-slash-dining
New Hampshire Author J.W. Ocker Has Some Odd Housemates (PHOTOS). Such is life for New Hampshire author J.W. Ocker, however, who chronicles his life with two full-sized plastic skeletons
Students Compete To Design Solar-Powered Homes (PHOTOS) - Weather.com. Welcome to the U.S. Department of Energy's 2013 Solar Decathlon, where 20 teams are showing off their originally designed
Creative Halloween Party Ideas. Dying to throw a spooky bash this October 31? Pull together a festive celebration with these Halloween party recipes, cocktails
10 Cozy And Comfortable Rooms. From a barn kitchen to a fishing cottage living room, here are rustic decorating ideas perfect for cool fall weather. Read
Nate Berkus & Jeremiah Brent Design Colorists Rita Hazan's Home For The Couple's First Collaboration (PHOTOS). ** Scroll through the photos below to see the space, and be sure to head over to Domino magazine for more information. Do
Free Tulips in Miami. It was a great exercise in the power of flowers to brighten someone's day or just the unexpected joy of being in the right place at the right time.
8 Ways Your Home Can Increase Your Happiness (PHOTOS). Cleaning & Organizing There's no denying that a de-cluttered house is a de-cluttered mind. Keeping the space clean and tidy
Gallery-Worthy Wall Art, All Under $50. That thing that separates a house from a home -- the cozy factor, if you will -- doesn't come from the number of designer
A Conversation With Decorator Amanda Nisbet. The decorator Amanda Nisbet entitled her first book Dazzling Design. She couldn't have found a more apt title because her brand of decorating is just that -- dazzling. Amanda Nisbet talks about being loved, empowering women and horoscopes.
This Kitchen Makeover Shows That White Truly Is A Powerful Color (PHOTOS). There are few things we love more than a good kitchen transformation. But anyone who has partaken in one knows that it takes
How to Baby Proof Your Rental. If you're beginning to think about welcoming a new member into your family, and your rental, it is important to ensure your home is completely safe for your little one.
Light My Fire. Is it possible for one season to smell better than another? If so, we'd like to nominate Fall being the season with the best
Famous School House From 'The Birds' Is Actually A Haunted Home (PHOTOS). Meanwhile, check out America's most haunted places
8 Halloween Don'ts We Didn't Think We Had To Say In The First Place (PHOTOS). Don't go trick-or-treating unless you're an actual kid. 12 or 13 is the cut-off. Just go to Walgreen's on November 1st for
8 Must-Have Tools For Fall Backyard Prep. Fall is in full force here on the northern Pacific coast. All of this wind and rain have me bunkered down indoors and dreading
Seeking Silence. Drown out the sounds of the streets without breaking the bank.
Church Home Has Heavenly Japanese Soaking Tub (PHOTOS). A good home conversion never fails to bring some excitement to the real estate world. Take for example this stunning Portland
Urban Outfitters Is Creating Its Own 'Lifestyle Center' In Pennsylvania. This isn't the first time we've seen retail mini-cities, IKEA has developed its own as well. We're looking forward to seeing
7 Unexpected Ways to Use Pumpkins. Getting creative with pumpkins is both fun and a great way to practice mindfulness... and you just may end up with some unique gifts and seasonal d\u00e9cor that will transform your home into a fall oasis.
Quick Tip. With rents on the rise in major cities (ahem, San Francisco), apartments are shrinking, and appliances are becoming increasingly
Victoria And David Beckham Reportedly Sell Hertfordshire Home AKA 'Beckingham Palace'. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
50 Rad Home Buys Under $100. There's no bigger luxury in life than having a home that you want to be in. When your space perfectly reflects, supports
15 Simple Dinner Party Ideas. Universal Party Truths
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Chloe Lonsdale's Timeless House Will Just Get Even Better With Age (PHOTOS). Scroll through the photos to see Lonsdale's amazing home, and be sure to head over to Domaine for more information. Have
Sprout Home Plant of the Week. Not only is the American bittersweet a multifaceted plant in one's garden but it can also be part of your cut-flower arsenal. Before the birds gobble up the tempting berries, cut off a couple of misdirected branches and bring them inside.
Organize Your Drawers With Egg Cartons And Ice Cube Trays. Is your dresser drawer starting to look like someone ransacked it? Egg cartons and plastic ice cube trays make great organizational tools for jewelry, cuff links and other trinkets, and they'll easily fit inside your drawer.
Designer-Worthy Pillows -- All Under $50!. Switching out throw pillows is one of the easiest ways to refresh a space but not always the most affordable. With many designer
Fix Up Your Home In A Weekend With These 6 DIY Ideas (PHOTOS). Power Wash Your Walkways Spaces by Brooklyn General Contractors General Contractors / Home Improvement It's strangely satisfying
Nick Offerman, AKA Ron Swanson From 'Parks & Recreation,' Talks Woodworking, Furniture And Decor. Nick Offerman is a lucky guy, as he humbly and repeatedly submits in his new memoir, \Paddle Your Own Canoe\ (Dutton, $26.95
Waterfront Home In South Carolina Has Modern Elegance And Old World Charm (PHOTOS). ** According to the Wall Street Journal, the house was built in 2005, but was modeled after plantation-styled homes. The
Soft Cabinets Made With Rubber Foam Look More Like Cartoons Than Furniture (PHOTOS). When you think of a china cabinet, you're probably imagining the heavy walnut hutch from your grandma's dining room. Well
What Is the True Cost of Selling a Home?. Looking back over time, what do the numbers tell us about home appreciation and what is the economic forecast going forward? More importantly, what is the true cost of selling and buying a home and how can buyers and sellers balance saving money and level of service?
A Colorful Living Room Decorating Idea. Want to change the look of your space on a budget? Here's a simple and colorful living room decorating idea -- keep your essential pieces neutral, and customize your lighting and d\u00e9cor for the seasons.
How To Host A Pumpkin-Carving Party. And how-to tips to make sure your jack-o'-lanterns make it to Halloween.
Smart Shopper. Confusing options, hair-raising prices, haggling ... Our guide can keep you from losing sleep over mattress shopping Read
30 Reminders Of Why Apartment-Hunting Is The WORST. When I moved to London I made the mistake many, many, others have before me (and some continue to make today). I assumed
Halloween Ideas, Martha Stewart's Baby Pic & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). One of the best parts of our Instagram roundup is knowing that we'll see a rare baby photo of our fairy godmother, Martha
Ali Larter's Entertaining Must-Haves Include Candles, Pretty Linens And A Good Drink. ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
9 Indoor Swings That Won't Remind You Of Tommy Lee At All (PHOTOS). ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. It can also be very
The One Mistake People Make When Buying Paint (VIDEO). It's a common pitfall that happens after you finally agree upon a color.
In Defense Of Mason Jars. At Country Living, we delight in the DIY--and champion approachable, affordable, and yes, hackable, crafts. Read more on
Karl Lagerfeld's Candle Line Is Finally Here, But We're Not Sure Who Thought It Was A Good Idea. Lagerfeld isn't the first high-end fashion designer to dabble in this field. John Galliano created a musky, leather scent
If Your Dream Is To Live In A Castle, This One's In Foreclosure. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Charlotte Ronson's New York Home Pops With Bright Colors (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Ronson showed off
Vintage Furniture Ad Says Playmates Are Best Kept In Chests, Proves Sex Doesn't Always Sell (PHOTO). h/t to the Vintage Ads subreddit and eBay While most modern women have yet to solve that \where shall I put my soft things
The Pyramid House Would Belong In Ancient Egypt, Or Modern Day Las Vegas (PHOTOS). But his renderings depict an updated version with a sleek glass and concrete exterior. It also has a modern open floor plan
Laundry Room Organizing Ideas. Turn any laundry room from scullery to sanctuary with these easy decorating and organizing ideas. Read more on Real Simple
Upgrade Your Kitchen For Less Than $100. If your kitchen could stand for some enhancements, but a full-scale remodel (and its hefty price tag) has you hoping the
Everything You Need to Know About Renting with a Significant Other. Planning for cohabitation is an emotionally charged time and while you may be feeling the love when you first move in together, your living situation can quickly go awry if you're not prepared for all the things renting with a partner might throw your way.
3 Freezer Maintenance Tips. Clean the interior twice a year. No need to unplug the refrigerator\u2014that will waste energy. But do move the food to a cooler
10 Natural & Earthy Decorating Ideas. Touches of nature reign supreme in this unique Mother Earth-inspired d\u00e9cor Read more on Sunset Mag
6 Apps To Help Find Repair Services. Not everyone is experienced or knowledgeable about plumbing repairs or can confidently wall mount a flat panel display. Home
How Vintage English Transferware Saved Nancy Roberts From Financial Hardship (VIDEO). Though it can date back to the early 1700s, English transferware has become a hot item on the vintage marketplace. (If you
Seattle Tiny Home Has 8 Spaces, Room For Video Lounge And Soaking Tub (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Artist Alex Chinneck Created An Awesome Facade On An Abandoned Building (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Inside Jessica Alba's Stylish And Kid-Friendly Headquarters For The Honest Company (PHOTOS). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
'Vanilla Ice Goes Amish' Premiere Sneak Peek Will Have You Setting Your DVRs (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Watch the video above
How To Get Your Designer To Hate Your Guts. Two years ago I hired an interior designer for the first time to help me decorate our home in New York. I would have taken
How to Stretch $500. It is amazing how quickly we can all whittle away $500 at times. Here are a few not so known ways to stretch your hard earned dollars even more.
Rowhouse Featured On D.C. Commemorative Postage Deserves A Stamp Of Approval (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Who gets to send housewarming
9 Craft Room Makeover Ideas. The work space/craft room of Pennsylvania newlywed Jess Mauras (shown here with husband Joe) was a pile of stress and ribbons
Sunny Yellow Furniture Finds For A Radiant Interior. Warm. Cheerful. Inviting. These words are often used to describe the color yellow, which we celebrate in today's post! A
Dreaming In Color. Whether soft and sleepy or bold and splashy, see why blue can be the perfect hue in your bedroom Read more on Houzz
How Many Bad '70s Trends Can You Spot From This 'Love Boat' Clip?. \The Love Boat\ premiered 37 years ago, but the clips live on in an afterlife provided by CBS.com. Though they're not so
Prince William And Kate Middleton Are Reportedly Building A Sunroom For Their Anmer Hall Country Home. ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
How Much Mortgage Can You Afford?. Remember that there are hundreds of loan programs available in today's lending market, and each has different guidelines. So, don't be discouraged if your dream home seems out of reach.
A Guide To The Best Flea Markets In The World (PHOTOS). Bear in mind that many of the people who sell in flea markets (or the more upscale-called \antique market\) are real antique
'Breaking Bad' Home Listing On Craigslist Is Super Clever, Century 21 (PHOTO). Watch the video above to see the actual home used in the series. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
66 All-Natural Cleaning Solutions. Tackle countless chores with common household items (like toothpaste and salt). Read more on Real Simple
How Mowing The Lawn Can Boost Your Mood, Help You Live Longer (INFOGRAPHIC). This factoid was revealed on online retailer eReplacementPart's infographic on lawn maintenance. Though fall usually signals
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
5 Fall Fruits You Can Grow In Containers. Few things suggest the bounty of early fall more than the sight of fruit ripening, even if it's growing on a little plant
Six Tips To Find Affordable Vintage Lighting In A Midcentury Modern Market Gone Mad. With the masses becoming more and more enamored with mid century style, prices have been rising on many vintage items from
5 Things I've Learned From Downsizing Our Lives -- Part 1. Yes, we are in the process of moving.  From a four bedroom mid-century modern to a two bedroom rental located in one of the better school districts in the country.
Giant Zipper Installation In The Floor Is Absolutely Mind Boggling (PHOTOS). H/T
Dara Caponigro, Former Editor-In-Chief Of Veranda, Named Creative Director Of Schumacher. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For even more design
The Essential Tools Every Renter Should Own. Basic tools come in handy for the entire lifecycle of your rental, from the day you move in and set up your new space, to the moment your last box is packed and ready for move out. Plus, these essentials won't take up much space and can be purchased at a low cost.
Downtown Julie Brown's Home Won't Remind You Of The '90s At All (PHOTOS). Wubba, Wubba, Wubba, ya'll. Today we're talking about a blast from the past
The Workspace Under The Stairs. The space under the stairs in two-story homes gets a bad rap for being dark, cramped, and dirty. But with a little ingenuity
Tokyo Micro Apartment Photographs Capture The Beginning Of 'Tiny Home' Movement (PHOTOS). Fast forward almost half a century, well after \Metabolism\ died out
Malator House In Wales Looks Exactly Like 'Teletubbies' Home (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Scroll through the photos below and watch the video above to see this property. Be sure to head over to IDEASGN for more
Lip Balm Can Replace Lubricant, Shoeshine And Much More. ** The weather is getting colder and your lips are inevitably getting a bit dry. That means you're probably stocking up on
Off the Catwalk And Inside The Homes Of Fashion's Biggest Names. With the release of Beyond Chic
Peek Inside The Most Expensive Homes In America's Richest Counties, And Maybe Feel A Little Inadequate (PHOTOS). Assuming you're similarly curious about the lives of the rich and richer, we present you a sampling of the castles, condos
Mayfair House In London Is Covered With 4,000 Folded Leaves (PHOTOS). ** Scroll through the photos to see this amazing project, and be sure to head over to Design Milk and Squire and Partners
22 DIY Halloween Costumes For Kids, Adults And Even Pets That You Can Make This Weekend (PHOTOS). Our favorite holiday will be here before we know it. And in order to be able to enjoy all of the pumpkin carving, trick or
5 Tips on How to Avoid Rental Application Rejection. If you have dealt with rental rejection, consider the following tips before submitting your next apartment application.
Stunning Photos Show The Transformation Of A French Village As It Turns Into A Ghost Town (PHOTOS, GIFS). But to make matters worse, in 1973 a Tupolev TU-144 plane crashed into a row of homes and a school during the Paris Air Show
Martha Stewart's Baby Pic, Karlie Kloss In Paris & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). Check out these awesome design apps! ** Fall dance show with @heartfelt at NY City Center :) So obsessed wait this pillow
Iris Apfel's Apartment Proves That More Is Really More (PHOTOS). Here's the most compelling argument for not listening to anyone else's decor advice.
Maryland Mansion Has A 1,600-Bottle Wine Cellar, And That's Not All (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Most Narrow House In New York Barely Wide Enough For A Bed, Bought For $3.25 Million (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Space is definitely at a premium in New York City, but some homebuyers have other things on their wish lists ahead of square
Fall Table Ideas That Will Instantly Make Your Home Cozy (PHOTOS). More inspiration. This is an elegant way to display gourds. Contemporary Dining Room by Cedarburg Photographers Edmunds Studios
10 Things You Should Know to Protect Your Home and Wallet From Disaster. We all watch the news and know that anything can happen at any time that will change our lives. Sometimes it's an unexpected incident during a predicted or planned event and other times it is all sudden and unexpected like a natural disaster.
Bob Hope Fan Paid $168,000 For His Antique Cabinet At Auction, Or Maybe They Just Love Furniture (PHOTOS). As the Los Angeles Times points out, someone showed great interest in Hope's antique cabinet, which was sold for $168,000
Six Expert Tricks For Decorating Small Spaces. Need a space fix? Don't we all. With most of us running out of room due to growing families, we are always looking for quick
The Marionettes In This Vintage Telephone Manners Video Will Haunt Your Dreams (VIDEO). Imagine a time long before iPhones became a valid children's toy. You're picturing the landline or cordless circa 1990s, aren't
Private Island Home For Sale Is The Best Deal We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Mindy Kaling Loves A Good Sofa And Collecting Miniatures. The comedian graces the cover of this week's Parade magazine, and in their behind-the-scenes interview with her (which takes
How To Fix 4 Common Gardening Problems Using Technology. I've started my first container garden, and while I'm encouraged by the growth I've seen since planting, I'm more than a
The Best Vacuums. Whether you prefer upright, cordless, or canister, Real Simple hit the floors and found the meanest machines for tackling
Vintage 'Stacked' Appliance Ad Would Be Offensive, If It Weren't So Ridiculous (PHOTO). How do you make appliances sexy? We're imagining that's the question Don Draper would have asked before his lesser-talented
Vintage Hairstyles, Lessons From 'Frasier' And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). It's Throwback Thursday, and that means we're taking a look back at the very best nostalgia posts from this week. We covered
Blogger Jason Loper Shows Off His Cool Bohemian Home (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Fall Design Trend For 2013 Will Have You Wanting To Decorate Your Whole House With Tiles (VIDEO). While the hot trends for walls in recent years included accenting your space with a vivid paint color or applying a graphic
The 10 Best Neighborhoods For Affordable Fixer-Uppers, According To This Old House (PHOTOS). Do you love the idea of fixing up a Victorian with a wraparound porch or a sprawling midcentury ranch with original features
Easy Home Entertaining. Whether you're hosting a girls' night in or a casual get-together (game night, perhaps?), try these crowd-pleasing appetizers
Nate Berkus Transforms An Ordinary Bedroom Into A Beachy Getaway (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** For House Beautiful
Your Garden. One of the secrets to a successful garden design is to incorporate something unexpected, a surprise for the garden visitor
21 Throws To Keep You Cozy. Is it our imagination or is there already a Fall chill in the air? It might just be wishful thinking since we love nothing
5 Unique Kitchen Islands To Consider Right Now. The kitchen island is the perfect place to make a strong style statement, to employ a truly special piece, and to make an investment -- it is, after all, probably one of the few things in the kitchen everyone is sure to see and use. That's why I always say, do something different.
Mitzi Gaynor's California Home For Sale Has Hosted Gene Kelly, Betty Grable And Other Hollywood Legends (PHOTOS). ** Hollywood legend Mitzi Gaynor is reportedly selling her Beverly Hills, California home. And for your viewing pleasure
Grand Piano And Violin-Shaped House In China Is The Ultimate Place For Music Lovers (PHOTOS). Located in Huainan, China and built in 2007 by architectural students at Hefei University of Technology, this is truly, well
Kanye West Loves Design And 'Hangs Around' Architects All The Time (VIDEO). ** Don't we all feel that way? Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR
Selling Your Home? Is FSBO Right for You?. Median home prices are on the rise, while the Days on Market (DOM) are declining. Today's real estate market has created the perfect storm for the home owner to maximize the value of their home sale by selling \For Sale By Owner\ or \FSBO.\
We're Not Sure Which Is More Beautiful. Summer Rayne Oakes takes time out of her busy schedule as a model, entrepreneur and activist to give us a peek inside her
Gorgeous D.C. Chapel Converted Into A Condo Has Original 'Divine' Features (PHOTOS). The two-bedroom, two-bath, three-level condo is part of the Bishop's Gate development at 1715 15th St. NW, in D.C.'s Logan
12 Organizing Solutions For Any Home. One family's inspired ideas for managing nearly every room in the house. Read more on Real Simple
The Ultimate Fall Decor Guide. Check out the very best from Nate Berkus, Anthropologie and Target.
How To Help Your Dog Be A Good Neighbor. The doorbell rang the other day and I was surprised to see my neighbor standing on my porch with a beautiful black Labrador
Bob Hope's House In Toluca Lake, Calif., Had Enough Room For Nixon To Land A Helicopter (PHOTOS). The long-time home of Bob Hope and his wife Dolores in Los Angeles' Toluca Lake neighborhood is on the market for the first
Donny And Debbie Osmond Are Releasing A Home Collection, No We're Not Joking (PHOTOS). ** According to the New York Times, Osmond and his wife Debbie are releasing a home collection called \Donny Osmond Home
Man Builds Eccentric 'Fortress of Glass' Home Using Six Million Bottles (VIDEO). Just thirty miles from Buenos Aires, Argentina is a home so bizarre, we just had to share. According to HGTV's \You Live
What It Looks Like When 5,000 Bonsai Trees Change Color For Fall  (PHOTOS). Here's a little trivia for today
Rebecca Minkoff Reveals Her Biggest Entertaining Dos And Don'ts. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. When we found out that
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
7 DIYs Every Woman Should Know How To Do. 7. Repairing a leaky faucet. It'll keep you up all night, otherwise. Popular Mechanics has a tutorial to fix the faucet in
Country Living Appraises Late-19th-And Early-20th Century Odd Fellows Banners (PHOTO). Living Rooms You'll Love We're very excited to syndicate one of our favorite columns, 'What Is It? What Is It Worth?' from
6 Tiny Homes That Would Be Perfect 'Starter' Houses For Newlyweds (PHOTOS). There are lots of benefits to living small that are particularly attractive to newlyweds. Many are financial
What Your IKEA Furniture Says About You. EXPEDIT SHELVING
Score! How to Homegate. This NFL season, skip the hassle and hustle of going to the game and put your energy into throwing the best homegating party ever!
This Colorful Home Proves That 'Kid-Friendly' Can Still Be Cool And Stylish (PHOTOS). Head over to HGTV Magazine to read more. Photos by Max Kim-Bee. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter
Wash Your Delicates Without Laundry Detergent. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Eminem's Childhood House For Sale In Detroit, Pictured On New Album (PHOTO). Fans of Eminem will recognize the building from the cover of 2000's \Marshall Mathers LP.\ The rapper, who used to live at
Cool DIY Headboards For Every Bedroom In Your House. If you've ever slept on a bed without a headboard, you know it's a big pain in the neck (ha! See what we did there?). There's
8 Gorgeous Chandeliers That Will Make Any Space More Glamorous (PHOTOS). Chandeliers aren't only for indoors. Contemporary Patio by Portland Photographers KuDa Photography Or perhaps... red? Eclectic
Coffee Can Replace Plant Fertilizer, Deodorizer And More. Counter Cleaner Coffee's abrasive texture makes it perfect for getting grime off of kitchen surfaces. Do you have a home
20 Home Office Organizing Tricks. Clever products and space-saving strategies to help you declutter your space. Read more on Real Simple
Jaw-Dropping Apartments On An Abandoned Bridge Will Blow You Away (PHOTOS). On top of all that, the renderings are absolutely jaw-dropping
Nicole Richie's Backyard Proves This Girl Has An Eye For Design (PHOTOS). Naturally, her backyard has a very bohemian vibe to it thanks to a color palette of turquoise, yellow, and black. Little
A Jaguar Car Is A Bookshelf In This Unbelievable Underground Home (PHOTOS). ** Design firm Denieuwegeneratie has decided to take sustainable living to a whole new level with their Dutch Mountain home
How To Increase The Value Of Your Home. Before you begin renovating, know which projects will increase your home's worth and which ones can harm it. Read more on
10 Bold Ceiling Colors. It's standard operating procedure to paint your walls a color while keeping the ceiling white. We've been told this makes
The 10 Best Things About Living Alone (GIFS). Instead of cleaning, you can totally just do this. ** You never have to label your groceries because all the food is your
Singapore Hotel's Dizzying View Of Curved Garden Terraces Is Not One You See Every Day (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. When staying at a high
'Millionaires' Ghost Town In Kiev, Ukraine Looks Like A Deserted Movie Set (PHOTOS). Now, the \millionaire's ghost town\ is quiet except for occasional tourists and wedding photo shoots. 50 of 250 units are
DIY IKEA Hack Is The Prettiest Banquette Seat We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS). We've seen some pretty cool IKEA hacks in the past, but when one of our readers sent over this DIY banquette seat made from
Craigmuir Castle In Washington Has The State's Second Largest Gingko Tree But That's Not All (PHOTOS). If its historical clout wasn't enough to make you want to ante up, the estate has five bathrooms, five bedrooms and six (yes
6 Secrets To A Sexy Bedroom. It's the one room that you both spend the most time together in. Make your boudoir a prime spot for sleeping, snuggling, and
How Interior Design Proves Our Country Is Going to Hell, and Why That's Not So Bad. I know you want to give credit for the modern obsession with mid-century modernism to the badass style of Mad Men and its ilk but there is something more interesting going on and I'm gonna show you.
The Begonia Monologues. Am I the only person who longs for there to be a soulful rock diva named Tina Turnip? I have considered adopting one of the following as a pen name
Coco Chanel's Apartment, Martha Stewart's Yearbook Pic And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). It's the end of the week and that means we're taking a look back at the best instagrams from our favorite designers, celebs
Wood In The Bathroom? Absolutely!. The conventional wisdom is that tile is the go-to for bathroom surfaces. We see tile everywhere, from the bathroom at work
80% Of People Reorganize Their Home In Fall, So You Should Probably Get On That (VIDEO). Want more cool tips? Watch the video above, and be sure to click through our slideshow of awesome cleaning tricks. A new
Creative Entertaining. The last day of summer is just a few days away and there's no better time to gather friends and family for the final backyard soir\u00e9e of the season. Pick a theme to set the tone for the food, d\u00e9cor and music.
Texas Home Was Left Vacant For 26 Years, But Incredibly Looks Untouched (PHOTOS). One blogger revisits the home of her great-grandparents and comes back with a poignant story of time passing.
Photos. While most homes for sale have typical bedrooms and bathrooms, occasionally a home will stand out from the pack with an unbelievable feature or interesting d\u00e9cor choice.
Ellen DeGeneres, Anderson Cooper And 8 Other Celebs Who Are As Obsessed With Pinterest As You Are (PHOTOS). Anderson Cooper Pets on #AndersonLive is pretty much the best thing ever. Jessica Alba Fair warning, her \Packaging\ pins
Paris Hilton Has 'Never' Cleaned A Toilet, And Now You Have Officially Zero In Common With Her (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
7 Gorgeous Jewelry Holders. Turn to one of these fabulous storage solutions to corral your baubles, bracelets, and more. Read more on Real Simple
Best Places For Dogs And Their Owners To Live In America (PHOTOS). You may not think big cities are the best places for dogs because factors like smog, small living spaces and the lack of
Classic TV Shows, Vintage Atari App And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Watch the video above
Is Your Home Obesogenic?. It looks like there will be no more eating in front of the television while watching a \Golden Girls\ marathon.
Decorating With Family Heirlooms. \I love that when friends visit our home, they immediately get a sense of who we are--from pillows on the couch to the collections
Kelly Wearstler's Bathroom Vanity Is Eccentric, Funky And A Little Cluttered (PHOTO). Photo by THOMAS WHITESIDE/HOUSE BEAUTIFUL Getting a peek inside a fabulous home is always a treat, but it's especially exciting
Best Color For Concentration And Productivity Is Orange (PHOTOS). According to ancient Feng Shui principles, orange is a \yang\ color and it will stimulate focus, concentration and promote
Guest Picks. If I happen upon a good deal (or even a not-so-good deal) for anything kitchen, table or cooking related at a thrift store
Your House On Mars Would Be Built By Robots And Made Of Stone, In Case You Were Wondering (PHOTOS). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
5 Germiest Spots In Your Home. It's not just the bathroom that could use some extra TLC now and then. Elizabeth Scott, Ph.D., a microbiologist and a codirector
Cat Nap. Etsy, you make the world go 'round.
7 Lessons From 'Bewitched' On Life, Martinis and Neighbors (GIFs). When entertaining, keep your knowing looks to yourself and/or your short-tempered husband. Do you have a home story idea
Polyvore Expands Past Fashion And Beauty To Home Design (PHOTOS). Launched in 2007, CEO Jess Lee told Fast Company that the home category was \always part of the plan,\ but fashion trendsetters
Greta Magnusson Grossman's 'Hurley House' Is A Midcentury-Lover's Dream (PHOTOS). Located in Los Angeles, California, the exterior is almost identical to when it was built in 1958. It also still has the
How to Throw the Perfect 1st Birthday Bash. Pick a theme that the birthday honoree loves. For example, for this particular party, the birthday girl loves owls so we decided to use owls as the inspiration for her birthday celebration.
Color Feast. Previously in this series about dining room color, we discussed dining room color in terms of one dominant hue in the space
5 Nate Berkus Makeovers Anyone Can Learn From (PHOTOS). His former New York City apartment. Tip
Smart Decorating Tricks For Any Space. Just follow these expert tips and tricks on everything from portion sizes to pattern choices.
Decision Making at Warp Speed - May Be Warped. A third danger inherent, though not preordained, is that technology will lead us to make decisions too quickly. As illustrated
Move Over Mirrors. Move over mirrors, we're going a little more adventurous.
House Survives Atomic Blast Because Of White Paint And Tidiness, '50s Video Says. The hot topic of the 1950s was the threat of an atomic bomb attack. There were a number of films offering diverse survival
Prince William And Kate Middleton's Home In North Wales Is Reportedly For Rent. We don't get to say this very often... or ever actually, but now you can live like Prince William and Kate Middleton. Head
Minimizing Home Selling Stress. If you have prepared properly and trusted the direction of your broker to help guide you through each stage of the selling process, selling your home will be much less stressful.
'Super Mario Bros.' Bedroom Is The Coolest Thing Ever (PHOTOS). One family makes the ultimate Mario-themed bedroom that deserves the \Best Parents Ever\ award.
Leslie Knope's House From 'Parks And Recreation' Isn't Really Filled With Birdhouses And Crafts (PHOTO). The first time we really got a look at character Leslie Knope's life is when her house was featured on a \Parks and Recreation
Jordan Liles Shares Captivating Photos Of An Abandoned Neighborhood In Tennessee (PHOTOS). Click through the album below of images Liles uploaded to Imgur and head over to his site to learn more. On his website, Liles
Melbourne, Australia Luxury Home Has The Ultimate Backyard For Relaxing And Unwinding (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. When we came across
5 Ways To Customize Kitchen Cabinets With Colored Contact Paper. There are tons of adhesive wall decorations out on the market right now -- call it contact paper, vinyl decals, shelf paper
11 Best DIY Anthropologie Hacks From Pinterest (PHOTOS). Hand-Painted Bowls Printed Napkins Zinc Letters Faux Flowers Old-Timey Basket Lamp Upholstered Folding Chairs Desk Organizer
Clean House & Give Back With A Garage Sale. With kids, jobs, and hectic lives in general, it's easy for our homes to become cluttered. Speaking from personal experience
How to Make an Oktoberfest Festhaus at Home. While traveling to Germany to drink a whole lot of beer is appealing, so is saving your vacation days and celebrating from home.
10 Home Projects You Should Not DIY... Unless You're A Professional (PHOTOS). Now that the weather is cooling down, you may get that urge to tackle some of the projects around the house that you put
15 Gorgeous Entryway Ideas That Will Set The Tone For Your Home (PHOTOS). Homes big and small all have one thing in common
Fall Decorating Ideas For Fireplace Mantels. If you thought we were going to get overly Autumnal on you - surprise! True, we've housed our fair share of metallic pumpkins
Roundup. Hardly a garden feature comes to mind more charming than the garden gate. A personal favorite is the too-low-to-be-useful
'Household Hints From Porn Stars' Almost Got Wine Stain Removal Right (VIDEO). i'll need to re-add the links http://archive.org/details/g4tv.com-video11169 Remember 'The Man Show'? It aired on Comedy
Luxury Home Hides A Secret Feature Perfect For Space Geeks (PHOTOS). Luxury homes are a dime a dozen in Orange County, California. But not all real estate in this upscale area has one very intriguing
Nicolette Horn, Interior Designer, Brought The Tropics To Scandinavia In Her Gorgeous Home (PHOTOS). Interior designer Nicolette Horn has traveled the world, living and working in many different cities. She landed a job with
Ellen DeGeneres' Ranch In Thousand Oaks, Calif., Finds A Buyer (PHOTOS). After a spread in Elle Decor, a stint as a makeshift hotel for area firefighters, and brief flings on-off-and-back-on the
India Hicks Lovingly Rebuildt Her Father's Island Home After Hurricane Irene (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
6 Life Lessons From 'Freaks & Geeks' (GIFs). Watching Freaks and Geeks brings back memories of our teenage years, but there are several life lessons that you can take away from the show that pertain to everyday life. Here are some of our favorite household tips from the series.
Your Guide to Supermarket Lingo. Here's a guide to some common grocery store terminology. Know these definitions, and you may even save a few dollars on your next trip through the aisles.
DIY vs. Hire. Many home improvement and maintenance jobs are easy DIY projects; others, not so much. So which improvements can you handle yourself and which should you assign to a professional?
You Won't Be Able To Stop Looking At This Creepy Abandoned Treehouse Mansion (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
'Freaks & Geeks,' Worst Decor Trends Over The Decades And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). Also, don't miss editor Brie Dyas pointing out the biggest decor sins through the decades. We're talking terrible faux wood
Got Chores? There's A Vintage 1980s Atari App For That. The concept is based on \chore jars,\ which we remember from kindergarten and that one time we tried to restore order to
Wayne Newton's Las Vegas Mansion Is For Sale For A Whopping $70 Million (VIDEO). \Mr. Las Vegas\ is hoping for a big buyer. Wayne Newton's former estate, Casa de Shenandoah, which he recently lost in bankruptcy
Madeline Weinrib Launches Ecommerce Site. Pattern lovers, rejoice! Celebrated artisanal textile designer Madeline Weinrib \u2014 well known for her colorful ikat patterns
Curtain Call! 12 Smart Styles for Your Shower. Think about your bathroom as it is right now. How would you describe it? Bland, basic, boring even? We're about to change
6 Awesome Color Ideas For Your Home That You Haven't Tried Before (PHOTOS). 3. Coral and Turquoise
Plaid At Home. We've been loving all the plaid that's popped up for Fall 2013 runway shows so we decided to pull some of our favorite plaid
1950s Video Shows What 'Normal' Town Life Was Like Before Big Box Stores (VIDEO). \Big box\ stores might have trimmed the time it takes to run our weekend errands, but we'd be lying if we said we didn't
Terra Mar, An Exclusive Big Sur, California Home, Has Arguably The Most Spectacular View In America (PHOTOS). Big Sur, California is home to fantastic wildlife and arguably the most stunning views in the United States. It's also where
The \Youngest\ Towns In America With The Lowest Median Ages, According To CNNMoney (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Sound too good to be
9 Things A Woman Notices About A Guy's Home (PHOTOS). 1. Do you use Axe cologne as a room spray? Everyone notices the way another person's home smells, for better or for worse
Nicole Richie & Derek Blasberg Reveal The Biggest Mistake You Can Make At A Party (VIDEO). Though we laugh at the occasionally weird vintage etiquette rules, we all can admit that modern life can bring all sorts
Bedroom Decorating Ideas That'll Make You Swoon. Architectural details are something we'd all love to have in our humble abodes. Think tin ceilings, wainscoting, and exposed
What Chihuahuas Can Teach Us About Interior Design. have two Chihuahua mixes and, well, they rule. They fit in just about anywhere. And I do mean anywhere -- in a purse, burrowed
Japanese Billionaire Sells Honolulu Properties For $98 Million. Earlier this year, Kawamoto was arrested in Tokyo on suspicion of failing to pay more than 800 million yen, or $8.5 million
11 Signs You Should Quit Your Job And Become A Designer. A list for anyone who has yelled at the TV while watching \House Hunters.\
Louis Vuitton Bedroom In Texas Home For Sale Takes Fashion Obsession To A Whole New Level (PHOTOS). We know high fashion is regarded by many as art, but one Texas homeowner has taken that concept to a whole new level. We
Jonathan Adler Catalog Proves That The 1960s And The 'Renaissance' Belong Together (PHOTOS). AFTER
Donna David, Professional Organizer, Says A Decluttered Home Is A Stress-Free Home. And even though she's stern with her clients, you won't find her rummaging through things or forcing people to purge, like
To Get Your Pots And Pans Gleaming, Let Them Soak In... Tea?. Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably
Prepare For Apocalypse. On Sunday, homeowner Bernie Jones celebrated a victory
The Best Color For A Restful, Relaxing Room Is A Cool Blue (PHOTOS). When choosing the right blue for your interiors, you'll want to pick one that's soft and soothing, and grey-based, rather
Instant Ombre For Your Walls. Add wallpaper to the latest trend of all-things-ombre. What initially looks like a cleverly painted ombre wall turns out
5 Color Rules Worth Breaking. You know what they say about rules, right? Around here we like to think of them more as loose guidelines. Whatever you call
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Martin Rawlings Built A Cave House In Caniles, Spain With Stunning Mountain Views (VIDEO). Click through the slideshow of other lived-in caves below. The coolest parts about living in a cave? If Rawlings starts to
10 Fantastically Styled Coffee Tables. Lately, my coffee table has been bugging me. (I know. Design blogger problems.) But seriously, I had the requisite stacks
Kitchen And Bath Design Trends Reveal Shift Toward Sophisticated Neutrals (PHOTOS). A dash of splash. Go ahead. Adding a splash of color in unexpected places, such as the inside of cabinets, Canary yellow
Lorry Newhouse, Fashion Designer, Shares Her Quirky New York City Penthouse With Panoramic Views (PHOTOS). Purchased in 1993, Newhouse has filled the duplex with antiques from trips to Europe that she discovered with her artistic
Open Stubborn Jars With Sandpaper And Put This Household Staple To Good Use. Well, this is one less daily battle you have to fight! Head over to Reddit for more information, and be sure to click through
Inside Kelli Ryder, Rue Magazine Editor, And Boyfriend Timothy Lamb's Quirky San Francisco Home (PHOTOS). Originally from Boise, Idaho, Ryder moved with Lamb to Cali and soon began as an intern with Rue. Once her obvious flair
8 Converted Homes That Used To Be Factories On The Market Now (PHOTOS). Houses with surprising pasts always pique our interest, especially converted homes that were once something totally different
13 Ways To Upgrade Your Home Office. As we all know, personal style is not just about what inhabits your closet -- it extends to every facet of life, including
Feng Shui the Frat Room. I help people with their interior design and Feng Shui in the most non-traditional and interesting places all over the world, but this was a first
'Modern Family' Decor Is Up For Grabs, Satisfying Your Inner Claire Dunphy (PHOTOS). Honestly, each of these homes has something for everyone. And if you're like us and covet each space, you're in luck. On
Wind Turbines Don't Actually Reduce Home Values, Study Finds. There tends to be two very distinct reactions to wind farms
Beth Blake, Designer, And Husband Corbin Day's Sag Harbor Home Is 'Granny Chic' (PHOTOS). \We wanted it to feel like your grandmother lived there\u2014but a grandmother who had really great taste,\ Blake said. In order
16 Before-And-After Room Makeovers. Learn how Real Simple transformed readers\u2019 kitchens, bathrooms, and more. Read more on Real Simple
Buying A Castle Has Become A Reality For The Rich During The Real Estate Downturn (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Helping Aging Parents Stay in Their Homes. There are lots of things adult children of seniors can do to make their parents' homes safer and more accessible, regardless of how much -- or how little -- the family can afford to spend.
Martha Stewart's Halloween Costume, A Young Jonathan Adler & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). It's here! It's here! This year's special #Halloween issue is officially out. Pick up your copy on newsstands or download
The 42 Best Websites For Furniture And Decor That Make Decorating Easy. 31. Overstock
Gilbert Arenas' House For Sale. Multiple shark tanks, a personal grotto and a half-million dollar drop in price will make this someone's dream house. More
Pack Rat Or Hoarder? Here Are The 6 Signs That Tell The Difference. This is a problem that goes beyond being disorganized. The good news is, you can help.
Nantucket Beach Home Designed By Claire Sautter Is The Most Bright And Airy Seaside Getaway (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Why Jonathan Adler Says He's Just Like 'Willy Wonka' (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Holland Island Home In Maryland's Chesapeake Bay Photographed Right Before It Collapsed (PHOTO). Click through our slideshow of photos from a Tokyo abandoned home and head over to My Science Academy for other eery images
Underground 1970s Home, Built 26 Feet Beneath Las Vegas, Makes A Great Pad For The Paranoid (PHOTOS). h/t to the fabulous Messy Nessy Chic blog and the Las Vegas Review Journal Click through the slideshow to see the home in
Crate & Barrel Partners With Designer Paola Navone For Gorgeous Tableware Collections (VIDEO). As of September 13, Navone's first of three tableware collections will be available. Her fabulous designs include linens
5 Decorating Ideas For Bedrooms. It\u2019s easy to change the look of a bedroom\u2015without even changing the big stuff. Read more on Real Simple
Design DIY. We love the dipped look of paint on concrete, and this lovely DIY project is no exception. Big thanks to Mette over at Monsters
Hans Liberg, Cabaret Performer, Has The Coolest Log Cabin Studio Ever (VIDEO). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
12 Minty Fresh Picks For Fall. The color mint, so popular in the 1950's for its cheerful yet calming influence, was inspired by the color of an after dinner
Gisele Bundchen And Tom Brady's California Home Is Eco-Chic And Fabulous (PHOTOS). ** Although the house looks massive, it's definitely not a typical celebrity home. It has a neutral color palette throughout
J.D. Salinger's Childhood Home On Park Avenue Was Probably Full Of 'Phonies' (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
What Happens When Renters Invade The Cul-de-Sac. There it was
Vintage Hairstyles, J.D. Salinger's Childhood Home And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). Watch the video above and get transported to a simpler (and occasionally stranger) time. Don't forget to visit our Throwback
Erica Domesek, Craft Guru, Reveals The One Mistake We're Making When We DIY. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
10 Ways To Use Pantone's Top Colors For Spring 2014 Now (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. WWD describes these
Time Magazine's 30 Pinners To Follow Includes A Few (Un)Surprising Pinterest Accounts. Head over to Time to see the full list, and be sure to click through our slideshow for other amazing pinners. The results
Tiny Home Infographic Shows 68 Percent Of Small-Space Dwellers Don't Have A Mortgage. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Barbie's Dreamhouse, Designed By Roksanda Ilincic, Is Made Of Concrete And Has A Soundproofed Sleeping Chamber (VIDEO). Wow, Barbie's pads just keep getting better and better. Take a look back at her past Dreamhouses since 1962. It's official
What's That Sound? 9 Home Noises And How To Fix Them. Don't go calling the Ghost Hunters folks just yet if you're hearing strange noises around your house. There's probably an
The Complete Guide To Every Homemade Stain Remover You Didn't Know You Had. Between young kids, pets in need of housebreaking, and our own klutziness, rarely does a day go by when we don't find ourselves
Cameron Diaz's New York City Home, Decorated By Kelly Wearstler, Has Warmth And Glamour (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. There's no denying
Jonathan Adler And Simon Doonan Show Off Their New York City Apartment In Lonny Magazine (PHOTOS). Aww. Scroll through the photos to see this fabulous space, and be sure to head over to Lonny for more information. We can't
Survive Your Home Remodel. The 11 important questions you always need to ask in order to keep things running smoothly.
Get Your House Sold. Your potential buyer doesn't want to feel or see you in the house. No family pictures, tastes or piles of stuff. A buyer wants to be able to envision living in that house. Think
Rising Trend Of All-Cash Buyers Is Bad News For First-Time Homebuyers, Real Estate Market (VIDEO). There's yet another hurdle between you and your starter home.
Fall Fashion At Home. HarpersBazaar.com names the \green movement\ as an emerging trend this season, with designers like Michael Kors, Reed Krakoff
Get Up To Speed For Back to School -- 12 Tips For Smooth Sailing. We start getting ready for back to school about a week before the first day of school. Every year brings new challenges, with
Weekly Roundup Of EBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). DISCLOSURE
Try This Laundry Trick To See If You're Using Too Much Detergent. Are you using too much laundry detergent? Today's high-efficiency washers need a lot less detergent than you might think
14 Living-Room And Dining-Room Makeovers. These amazing transformations are sure to inspire you.
Silver Lake, California House Comes With Its Very Own Turret (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Buying a castle may
8 Amazing Floating Houses That Seem Too Good To Be True (PHOTOS). ** And this colorful San Francisco house with a beachy vibe. Beach Style Exterior by Berkeley Architects & Designers Robert
Car Cleaning Tip Will Keep Your Space Garbage-Free... Sort Of (PHOTO). ** We're not talking your stainless kitchen one. No, you can improvise as Reddit user Nickemjay pointed out, by using one
Deep-Clean Your Bathroom In 7 Steps. Go nuts on lurking germs with these bacteria-targeting tricks that work. Read more on Real Simple
Corfu, Greece Beach Home Is A European Dream Come True (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
DIY Giant Jenga Is The Coolest Backyard Game Ever (PHOTO). As if the traditional game wasn't fun enough, our friends at A Beautiful Mess put a cool spin on the classic that totally
5 Lessons You Can Learn From Ozzy Osbourne's Bacon Fire. Though it sounds like the beginning of a joke, the metal legend's recent run-in with the fire department isn't entirely a laughing matter.
5 Pro Tips That Can Transform Your Closet. We may not all have the double-doored, walk-in, shelf-lined, perfectly lit closet that we dream about, but that doesn't mean
10 Homes With Saunas That Will Instantly Relax You (PHOTOS). Sauna in the gym? Don't mind if we do. Contemporary Home Gym by Millbrook Architects & Designers Crisp Architects It's a
Hurtado Residence Is The Epitome Of Las Vegas Luxury Homes (PHOTOS). ** According to our friends at The Pinnacle List, this 10,000-square-foot home was designed by famed architect Mark Tracy
Shipping Container Houses In Amsterdam Prove That Small Is Better (VIDEO). We've spoken to many tiny home dwellers who think a small house is a happy house. And in an attempt to spread the word that
A Look At 7 Weird House Pets People Kept In The 1940s & 1950s (PHOTOS). Who needed a stable, when you could fit a horse in the living room? Meet Chauncey, \the world's smallest horse,\ owned by
Pick Your Palette. Choosing the right paint color for a room definitely isn\u2019t easy, but it\u2019s only half the battle! The rest of the decorating
Nate Berkus Gives One Lucky Blogger An Amazing Office Makeover (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Alyson works for a
Elton John's Home, Vintage Jackie Kennedy & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Bret Curtis, Race Car Driver Who Bought Lance Armstrong's Home, Is Now Selling His 'Castle' (PHOTOS). ** It's apparent Curtis has unbelievable taste in real estate, but we're not sure why he'd ever want to give up his throne
Colorful Decorating Ideas For A Small Room. When faced with the daunting task of decorating a small space, the easy way out is usually turning to neutrals. Many decorating
Maryland's St. Helena Island Has 6 Acres, Stunning Views And Unusual History (PHOTOS). St. Helena Island has stunning views, nearly seven acres just for you, a huge swath of beach, a Federal-style main home, a
Rachel Zoe's California Home Is A Perfectionist's Dream, Right Down To The 'White Room'  (PHOTOS). The Rachel Zoe we've seen on television seems like a real perfectionist. So, we weren't exactly surprised that her gorgeous
6 Couches For Small Apartments That Will Actually Fit In Your Space (PHOTOS). Or anyone that lives in a small space. (Isn't that most of us?)
Prince Karim Aga Khan IV's Guesthouse Reportedly Once Entertained Catherine Deneuve and Brigitte Bardot (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Although this incredible
Buying a Home? 10 Financial Things You Shouldn't Do. You've decided to buy a house, and you need financing. Even if you have good credit, you should keep your finances shipshape until closing so that lenders won't think twice.
Thyra Hilden and Pio Diaz, Artists, Created The Coolest Chandelier Ever (VIDEO). Other extreme lights. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent
Eating Out...At Home. I've been trying to take advantage of this mild August weather (unheard of in the D.C.-Baltimore area) by eating as many
Domino Reportedly Going To Relaunch As E-Commerce Site And Quarterly Magazine. The rumors you've heard are true...sort of.
Jonathan Adler's Favorite Children's Book Is 'Miss Piggy's Guide To Life,' We're Not Surprised. If you were ever curious where designer Jonathan Adler got his child-like imagination, you can thank one Miss Piggy. Have
New Uses For Things In Your Closet. Pant hanger magically becomes gift wrap organizer.
Woman 'Seduces' Gas Repair Guy To Try To Get Her Water Heater Fixed (PHOTO). Some people will go to great lengths to fix an appliance.
Vintage Cocktails, Pee-Wee's Living Room And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). It's Thursday and it's time to throw it all back. This week's best nostalgia posts included a look back at Pee-Wee Herman's
As Summer Ends, South Florida Beckons. CHASING THE CHINESE The National Association of Realtors survey showed that $68.2 billion was bought by foreigners from March
Guest Picks. If you're like me, you will search through all of the spoons in the cutlery drawer until you find that one-off that has something
First 5 Anniversaries Guide. Stumped by what to get for my own upcoming anniversary, I wanted to put together a few gift ideas for the first five. Instead of buying separate gifts for each other, these suggestions are for the two of you to choose gifts together that you'll both enjoy as a couple.
Kelly Wearstler's One Rule For Success Is All About Learning From Others (VIDEO). There's something you can learn (aside from color tips) from this fabulous designer.
The Cuddle Mattress, Which Lets You Snuggle Comfortably, Might Be Getting Closer To Reality (PHOTO, VIDEO). Big spoons, rejoice!
IKEA Miniature Furniture, For The Budget-Minded Doll In Your Life (PHOTO). Yes, these are teeny tiny pieces meant for kids. And believe us, we saw enough Expedit shelving units in our early twenties
Toothpaste Can Replace Bathroom Cleaner, Jewelry Polish, Spackle And More. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Jewelry Polish Chances
Finding a Roommate Safely. Knowing more about a potential roommate, whether it is their character or their financial situation, can save you from frustration before cohabitation begins.
Joey Tierney, Celebrity Stylist, Shares Her Stunning Sherman Oaks, CA Home (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Appliance Recalls. My experience working in the appliance industry has taught me that when appliances and other products are recalled, homeowners need to take quick action and deal with it as soon as possible.
10 Easy Fire Pits And Bowls. Create an instant bonfire with these versatile fire pits, perfect for the campsite, the patio, the lawn (but not recommended
What Your Kitchen Will Look Like In 2025, According To GE Appliance Designers. For now, we guess we'll get by with our plain old stainless steel models. Head over to Fast Co. to read more about HOME 2025
Kelly Wearstler Posts Photo Of Gold Toilet Paper On Her Instagram. Doesn't it seem like something a Kardashian would have in their home?
Jack Kirby's Two Most Awesome Superhero Homes With Real-Life Locations. Today would have been the 96th birthday of Jack Kirby, one of the most important and influential comic book creators of all
Japanese 'Bread Beds' Are A Delicious New Trend, Apparently (PHOTOS). Available on Japanese website Felissimo for approximately $170 each, you can buy a pillow in the shape of a piece of toast
5 Great Ways To Meet Your Neighbors. It's been only a few weeks since I made the big move south to Atlanta and meeting new people and making friends with the
Gentlemen, Your Place Blows. You think Superman has a poster of Christina Hendricks up in the Fortress of Solitude? No. No he does not. Posters, even in expensive frames, do not belong up on the wall of your place unless they are from Academy Award-winning films that you either starred in or paid for.
Exclusive! First Look At The New Nate Berkus Collection At Target. Although Nate Berkus's new collection at Target doesn't hit stores until Sept.15, we scored an exclusive sneak peek for you
4 Smart Tips For Cleaning The Grill. Leftover bits of food on or below the grates can attract bugs and rodents. Must we go on? A once-a-month deep-cleaning of
Glass Bathtub Is Stunning, But Only If You Can Keep It Clean (PHOTO). Be prepared if you feel like investing in this admittedly cool feature.
Nicole Richie's Laurel Canyon Home's Backyard Is Relaxed And Eclectic (PHOTOS). The fashion icon also reveals her biggest entertaining no-no.
7 Lessons About Living A Stylishly Absurd Life From 'Pee-Wee's Playhouse' (GIFs). The secret word is \amazing.\
Marina And Gigantic Riverboat For Sale At Upcoming Auctions In Baltimore (PHOTOS). This is a foreclosure sale; there's no suggested opening bid. Here's a peek at what you'd be buying
Easy Storage Solutions From A To Z. Learn how to give everything a proper home, from spare buttons to decorations. Read more on Real Simple
8 Clever And Creative Ways With Small Bathrooms. If you have a small bathroom off a hallway or a tiny half bath tucked under the stairs, don't be intimidated by the size
The Best Basics. They'll dress up your bed without breaking the bank.
Liberace's Las Vegas Mansion Has Finally Sold, Bought By Fan For A Mere $500,000 (PHOTOS). ** Liberace lived in the 2-bedroom, 10-bathroom house from 1974 until his death in 1987. Since that time, the property has
Lyndon B. Johnson Had A Car With A Wet Bar, Took Meetings On Lawn Chairs (PHOTOS). He took great pride in his custom wheels -- and his lawn furniture.
Lawn Mowing Hack Makes Chore A Thing Of The Past (VIDEO). Goes without saying, but we have to say it anyway
Cliveden House's New 57-Foot Slide Is Insane (PHOTOS). It's something you'd see at a carnival, not a historic property.
The 71 Best Back-To-School Eco-Friendly Products From EcoFabulous. HuffPost Home is proud to present a post from EcoFabulous -- be sure to check out their new home on HuffPost! Be smart about
Vintage Etiquette Guide From 1918 Urges You To Resist Puns & To Bring A Chaperone Everywhere. These happy couples are violating one big rule from 1918.
Richard Rogers, Architect, And Team Built Homeshell House In Less Than 24 Hours (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Rome may not have been
10 Unexpected Natural Cleaners. Like ketchup... and oatmeal.
A Sneak Peek At Serena & Lily's Fall Debut!. The silver lining in saying goodbye to Summer is the thrilling experience of scoping out fresh Fall deliveries for home. Launching
2013 Best Places To Live In America, According To CNNMoney (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Big cities offer a
DIY Bookends And Striped Glasses Inspired By Our Favorite Retailers (VIDEO). We seriously love fun and colorful decor from our favorites like Jonathan Adler and C. Wonder. Of course, we wish we could
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
'Home Alone' House Set The Scene For One Of The Greatest Movies Of All Time (PHOTO). Hint
Barbie Dreamhouse 2013 Gets A Makeover Now That Our Favorite Doll Is Staying In Malibu (PHOTOS). In all seriousness, the newest version of the forty-one-year-old toy by Mattel is something of little girls' dreams and it's
The Best Paint Color For A Kitchen That Will Make This Space Look Fresh Is White (PHOTOS). Contemporary Kitchen by Richmond Tile, Stone & Countertops Charles Luck Stone Center Do you have a home story idea or tip
Outdated Bathroom Gets Major Makeover On HGTV's 'Bang For Your Buck' (VIDEO). Find out how one couple were able to take it from \grandma\ to \gorgeous.\
Bear Grylls, 'Man vs. Wild' Host, Installed A Giant Slide On His Private Island And Is Now In Hot Water (PHOTOS). Sure, it looks terrifying and even Grylls tweeted about how fast one can go down it, but still, he's Bear Grylls. Unfortunately
Breakers Home Is The Ultimate Getaway For Anyone Who Loves The Sea (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** With panoramic views
Kupu Hou Organic Farm in Hawaii Comes With A Gorgeous Home, Yurt And Plenty Of... Coffee? (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. If you're looking to
The Best Pet-Friendly Furniture. Sharing your space with a furry friend doesn't have to mean living like an animal--here, our favorite hard-wearing d\u00e9cor
10 Lessons About Life, Neighbors And Apartments From 'Seinfeld' (PHOTOS). 7. Be very careful where you stow your guests. 9. If you find \The Merv Griffin Show\ set in the trash, it's your duty to
The Words of the \Dream\ Can Never Be Enough. From that perspective, the success of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom came every bit as much from seeing a quarter
Be Your Own Wildflower Nursery. My garden just turned 6 years old. For years and years, I kept buying new plants to fill in the gaps \u2014 even after I had no
A Look Back At MTV's 'The Real World' San Francisco House From 1994 (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
12 Seriously Cool Front Door Designs That Will Boost Your Curb Appeal (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
9 Ways To Fake Beach-House Style. For this vacation house, project designer Jesse Moyer of Jessica Helgerson Interior Design looked far beyond the expected
Martyn Lawrence Bullard's Favorite Things. Find out what this designer is obsession over these days.
Short Hills, New Jersey Home Combines Laid Back California Style And East Coast Charm Perfectly (PHOTOS). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Jeremy Beasley, Filmmaker, Captivates Us With Tiny Home Stories From Real People (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
You May Not Know You Were a Victim of This Moving Scam. There's a new kind of moving scam in town. This one takes advantage of an inexpensive, convenient service that over 40 million people who move each year in the U.S. use to update their address with the United States Postal Service.
Martha Stewart's Modeling Days, Frank Sinatra On Arch Digest & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). The week's best Instagrams include a few surprising shots and a favorite throwback.
7 Hanging Container Gardens That Will Bring A Little Life Indoors (PHOTOS). Lucky for us, the NY Now Gift Fair (formerly NYIGF) earlier this week had several hanging container garden ideas that caught
15 Great Bathroom Design Ideas. When it comes to the bathroom, every square inch counts. Get inspired by these easy-to-steal decorating tricks for transforming
15 Free School Printables That Will Make Any Kid Want To Hit The Books (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Ikea Delivery Nightmare. It all started because I wanted the Nelson Swag Leg Desk. Not a new, licensed reproduction--I wanted the scuffed-up, 1960
When Odd Photos Happen To Good Real Estate Listings (And What You Can Learn From It). And is that really a banana peel on the chandelier? 9) Don't focus on a piece of furniture, no matter how nice it is. If
Fritz Kruer Moved East Grand Rapids, Michigan Mansion To Cash In On Real Estate (VIDEO). According to the interview on Fox 5, after trying to sell his 6,600-square-foot mansion that sits on a large piece of land
Throw a Top Secret Surprise Party. Try keeping the guest list to close pals only. That way they'll be almost as invested in the surprise aspect as you are and they won't go accidentally blurting it out. And those friends you know are loose cannons? Wait till the day before to send them an invitation.
Take Back Your Front Yard. Many of us are used to having backyard gathering spaces for family parties, cookouts and cocktails with friends -- but why
Elvis Presley Interview, Hitler's Bathtub And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). Watch the video above featuring Miss Throwback herself, our editor Brie Dyas, on HuffPost Live for the rundown. Don't forget
Margherita Missoni Gives Us A House Tour Via Instagram (PHOTOS). In the few photos she posted, we got a glimpse at her fabulous taste in decor that ranges from African art to black-and-white
The Ultimate Dishwasher?. Years ago, Bosch set a new standard for American dishwashers. Slowly but surely, other manufacturers caught on and caught
Inside Melissa Gorga From 'The Real Housewives Of New Jersey's' Over-The-Top Mansion (PHOTOS). Click through photos of the Gorgas' home and make sure to head over to the upcoming Joss & Main sale. Have something to say
Mr. Clean's Makeover Is Creeping Us All Out (VIDEO). Is there a cleaning product to remove this image from our brains?
Jonathan Adler's New York Office Space Is Just Like Him. Once you see who designed this space, you won't be surprised by the whimsical vibe.
Quinn and Mike Risdall's Gorgeous Home, Featured In HGTV Magazine, Was Almost Completely Designed Online (PHOTOS). Welcome to 2013, folks.
'Big Bang Theory' Apartment Might Be More Realistic Than You Think (PHOTO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** When we're watching
15-Minute Place Settings For A Party. Planning a party inevitably requires some degree of planning. What you're serving can be enough to make you feel overwhelmed
10 Vanity Tables That Will Change Your Morning Routine Forever (PHOTOS). 4. Put a small desk in front of a huge leaning mirror for an instant vanity. Contemporary Bedroom by Atlanta Architects & Designers
St. Leon 10 Residence In Cape Town, South Africa Is The Ultimate Getaway Home (PHOTOS). Our friends at The Pinnacle List shared photos of this stunner, which is located in the suburb of Bantry Bay near the Lion\u2019s
Jonathan Adler Loves Embracing The Ugliness Of The '70s And Brass, But Hates Laziness (VIDEO). Regardless of your style though, Adler doesn't care, as long as you're not lazy about it. \I'm not a snob in any way, shape
Kitchen Windows. If I could, I would give myself an entire wall of windows in the kitchen with an amazing view to go with it. But alas, I
12 Must-Haves From Anthropologie's Fall Collection. It's almost Labor Day and we are getting excited for Fall! True to form, Anthropologie has stocked up with a whole bunch
1930s Nursery Of The Future Was Something Out Of A Nightmare (PHOTO). One particular product makes this a very child-unfriendly space.
Kelly Wearstler's Most Frequently Used Curse Word Is 'F--K'. After hearing about her extreme health routine, we're totally not surprised.
DIY Renovation Lead To Major Price Cut In Security Deposit And A Sweet Home (PHOTOS). User itgoestoeleven uploaded photos of a beautiful Victorian home that the landlord let the Redditor refinish in exchange
10 Things To Know Before Hiring An Interior Designer. Everyone fantasizes about hiring an interior designer, but what is it really like? One of our favorite designers, Chloe Warner
Howard Solomon, Artist, Built A Castle In Florida Complete With A Moat And Dungeon (VIDEO). The best part is, you can actually visit the castle and stay overnight in the Blue Moon Room, located in the East tower. Watch
Julie Scelfo And James Cavoli, Owners Of The Exposed Glass Shower In Cobble Hill, Brooklyn Respond With Giant Letter (PHOTOS). Apparently, they're not in the business of being naughty neighbors.
A Pro Tip For Picking The Perfect Paint Color. One of the big mistakes a lot of people make when choosing colors for a space is trying out too many colors at one time. In
10 Best Websites For Vintage Furniture That You Can Browse From Your Living Room. 7. Ruby Lane
Are Dining Rooms Dead? 5 Better Ways To Use That Space. How many times did your family use your dining room last year? If you can count the meals at the table on one hand, then
Buffy The Vampire Slayer's House Was The Setting For So Many Great TV Scenes (PHOTOS). In 1997, we were completely captivated by a young lady named Buffy Summers. And to remember the six years of excitement and
Seattle's Smith Tower Has One Stylish Home At The Very Top (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
The 5 Biggest Party Mistakes You May Be Making When You're Hosting At Home (PHOTOS). 2. Not Giving A Clear Time Frame. Will your guests have to block off their entire Saturday for your party? Or do you just
10 Must-Have Closet Accessories. Love to accessorize? Take your closet to the next level of organization and style with these 10 helpful clutter busters. Read
The World's Best Hotel Pools. We are suckers for a good hotel pool and are guilty of making pool-centric decisions when it comes to where to stay. Suffice
Organize Your Cleaning Supplies. \During your precious Saturday hours, an organized, fully stocked broom closet will save you time, motivate you, and remind
Treetops Home In Australia Is The Perfect Combination Of Rustic And Modern Design (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Scroll through to
DIY String Art Deer Head Is Our New Favorite Craft Project (PHOTO). The best part about this craft is, even though it might be a little time consuming, you definitely don't have to be an expert
Exposed Glass Shower In Cobble Hill, Brooklyn Has Neighbors Pretty Peeved (VIDEO) (UPDATE). An article in New York Magazine has exposed recent agitation over a shower stall in Cobble Hill as much ado about nothing
Eliel and Eero Saarinen, Father And Son, Shared Their Talent For Architecture And Design As Well As Their Birthday (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. There isn't a day that
11 Ways To Roll With Wallpaper All Over The Home. Ditch the misconceptions and latch on to some great ideas for decorating your walls with patterned, textural and colorful
A Rare Look Inside Coco Chanel's Fabulous Parisian Apartment With Vogue TV (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Coco Chanel was known
Stylish Home Decor From Kids' Stores That's Actually Awesome For Adults, Too (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Clean Wood Floors With Vegetable Oil And White Vinegar To Get Them Gleaming. Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting
Pierce Brosnan's Malibu Home Is Almost Too Beautiful For Words (PHOTO). ** Brosnan's home is absolutely breathtaking and we can definitely see why Bullard is bragging. Click through our slideshow
The Black Thumb Guide To Gardening. Your flowers never grow, but you can't put your finger on what you're doing wrong. With these tips, tricks, and techniques
Rivanna Farm, A 10,000-Square-Foot Estate In Charlottesville, Virginia With Multiple Royal Ties, Can Be All Yours (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Rivanna Farm, A 10,000
A Look Inside 10 Fantastic First Homes House Tour Roundup. When it comes to setting up a home, we never forget our first spaces. From our first apartments in college, to our first
Stop Your Shower Caddy From Falling And Ruining Your Day With A Zip Tie (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Lee Miller, 1940s Vogue Photographer, Poses In Hitler's Bathtub (PHOTO). How this photograph came to be raised more than a few eyebrows.
Bus Converted Into A Home In Sharon, Israel Will Totally Change Your Mind About Mobile Living (PHOTOS). ** When you picture living in a mobile home, thoughts of \roughing it\ in tiny cramped quarters come to mind, right? Well
6 Surprising Tips To Cut Household Chores In Half. Does it feel like you spend your life emptying the dishwasher? On one hand, American households devote less time to chores
The Best Porch Lights For Adding Curb Appeal Instantly (PHOTOS). These stylish options offer an instant fix to a humdrum entry.
Chris Miniello, Interior Designer, Was A 'Godsend' For This Church-Turned-Home (PHOTO). This church-turned-home got the godsend it needed to make its TV debut.
Hutton Wilkinson, Interior Designer, Shares His Excessively Ornate Beverly Hills Home (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
The Most Stunning Beach Houses NYC Has Ever Known. Five miles out from Long Island's southern shore lies the narrow 30-mile long emerald sandbar known as Fire Island. While
Kitchen Storage Solutions for Every Nook. Today's clever kitchen designers have storage solutions to fill every nook and cranny in all sorts of kitchens. These handy
Ozzy And Sharon Osbourne's Dining Room, Vintage Audrey Hepburn And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). Click through our slideshow to see great color apps to download now. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter
6 Things To Do With Flower Vases. I love getting flowers... and I always wonder what to do with the assortment of small clear vases I have being accumulating over the years.
How to Upcycle a Bar Cart!. I've always been a fan of upcycling. Seriously, how much more eco-chic can you get than by taking an object deemed useless and converting it into something new and improved?!
Nate Berkus' Best Design Tips For Stylish Pet Owners (VIDEO). Making the case for decorating for dogs.
Ray Lewis' House For Sale. Plus, note the built-in fish tank, the bright red bathroom and the various other touches that we'd think make this home's
Elvis Presley's Graceland Mansion Has Plenty Of Paisley And A Few Haters (PHOTOS). Graceland's got plenty of focal points...and a few haters.
Transform Your Kids' Space With These Handy Guest Room Ideas. Most of us start to panic at the thought of an out-of-town guest coming to our toy-filled houses, but you can relax with
Abandoned Poconos Mountain Resort Photos Reveal Midcentury Decor, Heart-Shaped Hot Tubs And Wood Paneling (PHOTOS). The rust orange carpeting is another call to that era, and carries out the color scheme -- the bent plywood side chairs have
Nude WWII Soldiers, Pink Toilet Paper And More From HuffPost Live's Throwback Thursday (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Every day at HuffPost
11 Home Remodeling 'Precautions' You're Taking That You Think Are Smart (But Are Actually Mistakes). You've heard the horror stories about contractors running off with five-figure sums and new kitchens being ripped out because they didn't pass inspection. None of that will happen to you! You'll take precautions! Or so you think.
20 Amazing Kitchens, Each One Is Dream-Home Worthy (PHOTOS). How awesome is that table? Contemporary Kitchen by New York Interior Designers & Decorators valerie pasquiou interiors + design
Does This Tweet From Nate Berkus Mean His Incredible New York House Sold? (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Niki Taylor's Stunning Brentwood, Tennessee Home 'Outgrew' Her Family (PHOTOS). Take a look at the home that rivals this supermodel's beauty.
8 Steps To A Vegetable And Herb Container Garden. In just eight simple steps you'll be on your way to enjoying fresh produce 24/7.
1924 Pullman Couch Company Ad Oversells Sofa Beds, Which Were Around Back Then (PHOTO). A product that gave flappers backaches.
Passive Homes Have Many Fans, But Few American Converts (PHOTOS). On paper, at least, the Ritchies' home sounds too good to be true
The Best Color For Energizing And Adding A Little Pep To A Space Is Red (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Eclectic Living Room
Australian Rain Forest Home Has An Orchard, Vegetable Garden And Amazing Pool (VIDEO). Watch the video above to see the sprawling property. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook
D.I.Y.'s for Y.O.U.. . On August 8th, with so little time left in summer, I decided to bring in some fun, easy Do-It-Yourself projects that anyone can make in a day, adding a little touch of colour and personality to their home decor (that works all year round).
Window Invitation Is The Coolest Way To Ask Your Neighbors To Come To A Party (PHOTOS). We often get stumped when trying to come up with the best way to ask friends to come over. Evites can be kind of lame, the
8 Dream Closets Go Beyond Storing Clothes. These are functional, stylish and look pretty fun to hang out in.
The Trick To Keeping Neutral Far From Boring. Although it's often the bold colors and trendy details that catch our eye, it's layered neutrals that have our heart. At
Aluminum Foil Can Replace Scouring Pads, Funnels and 4 Other Household Products. Rust Remover All you need is a little white vinegar and some tin foil and you're golden. Starch We didn't believe it either
Party Kits By Yellow Owl Workshop Are A Great Excuse To Get Everyone Together. This is the opposite of every lame decoration you've seen in stores.
12 Luxury Showers That Will Never Make You Want To Leave The Bathroom (PHOTOS). You'll never want to leave your bathroom. In a good way.
7 Tips to Get the Best Value in a Luxury Kitchen. With a little careful planning, you can have the luxury kitchen of your dreams without breaking the bank (too much).
Amazing Encino, California Home Once Owned By Supertramp's Rick Davies Can Be All Yours (PHOTOS). If you'd like to own a piece of rock history, this property is currently on the market for $5,495,000. Scroll through our
Use A Flower Pot To Amplify Sound From Your Cell Phone Or iPod (PHOTO). Photo by Redditor myrmadon8 Yep, just place it inside, and the curved shape will make your tunes sounds great. Redditor myrmadon8
Helen Gurley Brown's Apartment Advice From 1962 Still Rings True (PHOTO). Yes, Gurley Brown is speaking to a single \girl.\ But I feel like this quote, at its heart, is the perfect summation of why
Color Feast. Looking to perk up your dining space? Consider a palette that includes a generous helping of yellow. Perhaps because it reminds
9 Living Room Essentials For Under $1000. These pieces really offer the most bang for your buck.
14 Incredible Outdoor Kitchens That Go Way Beyond Grills (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Make James Bond Jealous. And no, under the doormat is not one of them.
8 Incredible Interior Paint Ideas From Real Homes That Turn A Wall Into A Masterpiece  (PHOTOS). This is done so well, it almost looks like wallpaper. Eclectic Home Office by New York Photographers Rikki Snyder See how
Kelly Wearstler's Desk Is Pink, Gold And Fabulous (PHOTO). Right down to the book of nudes.
8 Plants That Will Turn Your Black Thumb to a Green Thumb. Many admit that they would love to have plants in their house but they fear they have a black thumb. \I can't even grown cacti,\ one friend confessed. As you can imagine, the #1 question that I get asked is \What plants won't I kill?\
The Olive Grove Home In Andalucia, Spain Has Gorgeous Views Of The Sea (PHOTOS). We can't think of anything more charming than a rustic farmhouse amidst wild olive and almond trees. Combine that with breathtaking
A Conversation with Interior Designer Tobi Tobin. Tobi Tobin is a Los Angeles-based interior designer whose works have graced the pages of top magazines like Architectural Digest and House Beautiful.
3 Homemade Air Fresheners To Keep Your House Smelling Amazing. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably clean your home using all-natural, homemade cleaners; get
A Trick To Help Reduce Laundry. This will come especially in handy if you have houseguests.
5 Standout Gift Ideas For the Friend Who Has It All. Giving the perfect gift is harder than it looks -- especially when it comes to the friend who has it all. If you don't know
A Home Renovation For A New York Bachelor Is Inspired By Classic Yacht Designs (PHOTOS). After my close friend (and longtime client; let's call him \Jake\) purchased his Upper East Side condo, he asked me to redesign
Decorating Your Home at Any Age, Stage or Place. It's likely that most adults today will have lived in two, three or more apartments. Decor items can do wonders with making your space feel like it's home, and are far easier to move (or part ways with) should you need to change location.
Zhang Lin Builds His Dream Mountain Home... On Top Of A Beijing Apartment Building (PHOTOS). For the past six years, professor Zhang Lin has been moving rocks and rubble to construct his dream mountain home in the
Country Living Appraises An 1850s Domed-Top Chest. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Do you have a home
Abandoned Japanese Home Was Once A Grand Mansion, Now Mysteriously Houses Fake Teeth (PHOTOS). We can't quite wrap our brains around this mystery.
DIY Instagram Display Is A Fun Way To Repurpose An Old Picture Frame (PHOTO). Photo by Balancing Home But instead of trashing it, she stretched chicken wire in place of the glass to make an awesome DIY
Martha Stewart's Weekend Includes Virgin Marys, Indian Reservations, Yellow Pants (PHOTOS). Her Twitter pics will make you feel pangs of envy.
The Opera Mobile Suite Is The Only Way To Go Camping (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Head over to Your Suite in Nature for more information. And be sure to watch the video above and click through this Reddit
8 Plants That Snobs Love To Hate -- And You'll Love To Grow. Some time ago a mother of the bride was lamenting her bride-to-be daughter's objections to lily of the Nile as a wedding
Nate Berkus Shares Easy And Stylish Tips For Creating A Relaxing Bedroom Retreat (VIDEO). ** Although ideally a bedroom should be a space of calm, peacefulness and serenity, with most people's busy lifestyles, there's
10 Clothing Lifehacks That Will Make Little Tasks Like Hanging Shirts So Much Easier (VIDEO). Here are 10 simple lifehacks that will make your life so much easier.
Dave DeMattei And Patrick Wade, Lucky Brand Executives, Share Their Beautiful Beverly Hills Home (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
10 Extreme Backyards That Look Too Good To Be True (PHOTOS). One has a movie screen, another has a bocce court.
7 Stylish Storage Solutions For Your Home. Does the mere mention of organizing sound exhausting (and a little boring)? Not anymore. Bright colors and punchy patterns
Nude Men Get Pin-Up Treatment In 1940s Towel Ad Series (PHOTOS). It was a different time, indeed.
Thom Browne, Fashion Designer, Has A Sleek, Stylish And Small New York City Apartment (PHOTOS). The designer's abode has a compact floor plan, but it's the decor that makes a difference.
Katrina Campins From 'Hot Listings Miami' Shares 'The Pillow Chop' And Other Tips For Staging Your Home (VIDEO). With a swift strike to the top, similar to a karate move, you can make a down pillow look fuller and \more expensive,\ according
Lowe's Vine Account Has The Best Home Lifehacks Ever (VIDEOS). Apparently these were a part of a clever campaign and there hasn't been a new one uploaded in a month. But we're hoping this
The 10 Most Annoying Guests You'll Come Across At Your Next Party (PHOTOS). We've informally polled our peers to figure out the most annoying guests that one would come across at a party. From \The
10 Affordable Cities Where Luxury Apartments Are Within Your Reach (PHOTO). So, are you packing your bags yet? They've done their research and found the cities with the lowest rent that also have the
DIY Painted Wall Design Is Way Cooler Than Any Wallpaper You'll See (PHOTOS). We can't imagine how much planning went into this DIY.
Tiger Woods' Jupiter Island, Florida Home Is Reportedly Sinking (VIDEO). You would think a place worth millions would be, well, sturdier.
The 'Breaking Bad' House In Albuquerque, New Mexico Is Actually Owned By A Very Nice Lady (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
Thrift Tips For Auctions. Alright, I'll admit it, auctions can be extremely intimidating if you have never been before (and even if you have). I've
Paramount Residence Alma By Plasma Studio Is Set In The Most Picturesque Mountain Scene (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Throw An End Of Summer Bash- On Sale!. Summer might be winding down but it isn't over yet! The \end of season\ sales are in full swing, and that means you can score
Houseguest Prep Checklist. If you complete this checklist, your visitors may never want to leave.
How To Go Bold With Summer Garden Color. If you take a walk around your neighborhood on a summer afternoon, you'll find that some gardens stand out from the rest
Lighthouse Home In Alaska Fits In Perfectly With Its Location (VIDEO). ** Featured on HGTV's \Extreme Homes,\ this four-story abode took a year and a half to build and is covered in traditional
Jonathan Adler's Bar Mitzvah Photo Is The Best Throwback Thursday Picture Ever (PHOTO). Click through our slideshow to see other Instagram accounts we love. And now for the cutest Throwback Thursday photo ever
7 Mini Makeovers You Can Finish In A Day (Or Less!). These small changes will make a huge difference.
The Modern Fold-Out Pet Bed By Murphy's Paw Design Is Perfect For Small Spaces (VIDEO). If you feel the need to shove your dog's unsightly gear out of sight whenever you have company, this new invention is for
10 Sneaky Ways To Make A Small Space Look Bigger. You room will expand right before your eyes with these tricks.
15-Minute DIY Party Ideas. No matter what you're celebrating, the party you throw should be memorable and manageable. It\u2019s your party, so plan as you
Overpricing Kim Kardashian's House And Other Celeb Real Estate Secrets From \Million Dollar Listing. And some celebrities will only live in the most luxe digs. Agent Madison Hildebrand said many stars have impeccable taste
13 Lifehacks That Make Washing Dishes (A Little) Less Dreadful (PHOTOS). Washing dishes is not our favorite activity. In fact, we'd rather be doing just about anything else. But putting off this
Marrakech, Morocco Home Featured In Elle Decor Is An Exotic Dream Come True (PHOTOS). In the September issue of Elle Decor, we are completely transported to a place of exotic wonder when we look at Caitlin and
The Most Expensive Refrigerators Have One Particular Feature In Common (PHOTO). Meneghini La Cambusa, $41,500 The starting price of this model is around $26,000. The starting price of a Honda Accord, one
Alice Bought a House on eBay. A few months later, Alice bought a beautiful Jeep Grand Cherokee, on eBay again, fire-engine red, with plenty of added features
Kelly Wearstler's Organized Closet Jewelry Drawers Are Like A Work Of Art (PHOTO). ** The amazing designer posted a photo on her account last night of her seriously tidy jewelry drawers in her closet. Check
White House Would Cost $319,802,889, According to Zillow (PHOTO). Drive, dedication, donors -- or $319,802,889, according to the the real estate website Zillow, which hosted an online chat
15 Ways To Add Bold Color To Your Home. Get inspiration for how to spruce up your home with a fresh coat of paint and vibrant decorating palettes. Read more on www.sunset.com
Declutter Your Home With These Clever Ways To Hang Your Bags. It is a truth universally acknowledged that I have more bags than I know what to do with. I usually just throw them on a
DIY Succulent Planter In The Shape Of An Initial Makes A Sweet Gift Or Centerpiece (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Mike Diamond Of The Beastie Boys Designs Wallpaper, Seen In New York City Club Marquee (PHOTO). Not into wallpaper? Click through the slideshow for stress-free painting tips. ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost
Nate Berkus And Jeremiah Brent Reportedly Planning Spring 2014 Wedding. Click through our slideshow to see photos of other celebs who are engaged, and head over to CBSNews.com for more information
5 Great Housewarming Gift Ideas. There were 4.65 million homes bought last year in the U.S. Now multiply that number by five. That's (roughly) how many friends
10 Household Products & Home Items Never To Cheap Out On (PHOTOS). One particular product, if bought cheap, can practically ruin a relationship.
The Stunning Sullivan House Residence In New Zealand Took 14 Years To Build (PHOTOS). You could earn 3.5 Bachelor's degrees in that amount of time.
7 Amazing Homes Dug Into The Earth. There's an air of mystery about what lies below our feet. The idea of living below the ground might be a fascinating idea
College Dorm Room In 1910s Included One Very Odd Thing (PHOTO). This would never, ever, ever be found in a modern college student's room.
Andy Warhol Started His Life In A Modest Home In Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (PHOTOS). The artist once said that he was \from nowhere.\
Alex Trebek's Former Home On Mulholland Drive Is For Sale For $3.9 Million (PHOTOS). Those \Beetlejuice\ inspired chairs don't look like they could have been purchased during this decade. But, with the right
Garden Furniture Made From Cable Drums And Wood Pallets Actually Doesn't Look So Bad (PHOTO). This really doesn't seem like a such a bad idea.
IKEA's New 2014 Catalog App Makes Buying Furniture So Much Easier (VIDEO). Click through our slideshow to see other cool decor apps. Watch the video above to see how it works, and be sure to head
3 Easy Kitchen DIYs. When we spotted the glistening subway tiles, crisp color scheme, and smart styling in this kitchen, we couldn't wait to learn
7 Decorating Lessons We Learned From 'Friends' (PHOTOS, GIFs). It's been over nine years since the last episode of \Friends\ aired, but we'll never escape Ross, Rachel, Phoebe and the
Emma Roberts Says Her Home Is A 'Mess,' Gives Us Something In Common With Starlet. Her closet has more in common with yours than you'd think.
A Rare Look Inside Desi Arnaz & Lucille Ball's Home In The 1950s (PHOTOS). Today, we're celebrating Lucille Ball's birthday with a look back at an adorable house tour featuring her and husband Desi
Turn Your Smart Phone Into A Home Security System. home security system is nothing more than sensors that detect what's going on in and around your home, plus equipment connected
Winston Churchill's Living Room Wasn't Quite What We Expected (PHOTO). Right down to his DIY art.
Rethink Raspberry! Home Decor That's Berry Nice. If you think that raspberry pink should be relegated solely to items found in the kids section, then you are missing out
The Cheekiest Under-$50 Finds For The Home. You know that feeling of accomplishment accompanied with successfully creating a beautiful living space to call your own
9 Reasons Why Four-Poster Beds Aren't Just For Bed-And-Breakfasts (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Paint Alternatives For Renters. Painting is the easiest and most affordable way to transform a room, but unfortunately it's not an option for all of us. A
Clean Out Your Refrigerator With Salt And Water. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Where To Find The Next \It\ Plants. Where do British garden designers get their ideas? From Derry Watkins, owner of Special Plants, near Bath, in southwest England
The House In The Sea Is The Most Spectacular Private Island Home (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Gregory Kloehn's Dumpster Home May Be The Strangest Living Space Yet (VIDEO). Click through our slideshow of 8 surprising homes that started out as something else. Normally, you wouldn't think of a trash
What's Really Happening Inside Your Refrigerator. Are you playing it cool with your most essential appliance? Here's a peek behind closed doors. Read more on Real Simple
Caravan Tiny House Hotel Is The Country's First Of Its Kind (VIDEO). Head over to Jetson Green to read more and click through our slideshow of our favorite tiny homes. Do you have a home story
DIY Herb Garden Is The Perfect Way To Put Empty Wine Bottles To Use (VIDEO). Finally, your
New Use For A Pill Bottle Is The Best Beach Lifehack Ever. ** Head over to Inspiration and Realisation for the full tutorial, and be sure to click through our slideshow for more lifehacks
Breathtaking Denver, Colorado Home Has A Wine Cellar, Elevator And Secret Trapdoor (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For sale by Sotheby's
Pros & Cons Of Packing Light. I have a confession. I'm writing this post with a pretty big bias... I'm a light packer. Watching people who lug giant bags
Dolly Parton Shows Off Her Lavish New York City Apartment In 1980 (VIDEO). In the clip above, Parton gave Huell Howser from CBS' \Country People\ a tour of the space, which was decked out in classic
Blanco House In Austin, Texas Is One Bright And Beautiful Home (PHOTOS). Ah, another day, another gorgeous house tour. And the Blanco House is definitely as bright and as beautiful as they come
8 Craigslist Shopping Tips To Get What You Want Every Time. ** 5. See it first. It's really important to check it out the item in person before paying for it. Look for any damages or
17 Great Guest Bedrooms. A little inspiration for make your visitors feel the welcomed.
10 Chicken Coops That Will Make You Want To House Hens (PHOTOS). It's simple and chic. Traditional Landscape by San Francisco Landscape Contractors BLUEWAGON LANDSCAPE & DESIGN INC Have
New Use For Suitcase Will Save Small-Space Dwellers So Much Room (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
Behind The Scenes. Getting your own item in front of those cameras, however, is not as easy as it seems. It's up to each appraiser to spot camera worthy items and stories out of the thousands available.
8 Design Trends Spotted at the Las Vegas Market. The Las Vegas Furniture Market is the place to scope out design trends and innovations, and my bi-annual trip is always a visual feast.
Orla Kiely, Textile Designer, Shares Her Renovated London Terrace House In Dwell's September Issue (PHOTOS). Head over to Dwell to see more of Kiely's home and click through the slideshow below of other luxury places we love. ** Have
14 Who-Knew? Uses for Your Microwave. More than a popcorn popper, this versatile appliance was underutilized\u2015until now. Read more on Real Simple
Guest Etiquette. Click through our slideshow of beach houses we hope we get an invite to. ** Watch the video clip above for some house guest
Be Your Own Best Florist With a Bouquet Garden. Think about an area in your garden where you most enjoy the beauty of flowering plants. Now imagine bringing that favorite
8 Decor Scores To Help You Stay Organized. We know you're already sacrificing space, so why skimp on style? These pieces will whip your place into functional shape
Color Inspiration, Summer Flowers & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
'Golden Girls' Dollhouse For Sale On Etsy Is A Miniature Replica Of Our Favorite T.V. Ladies' Home (PHOTOS). Maybe the lenai in the background will be a clue.
Armani/Casa, Giorgio Armani's Decor Line, To Be Featured In New Thriller 'Paranoia' (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
DIY Concrete Planter Doubles As An Industrial-Chic Drink Cooler (VIDEO). ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Dyed To Perfection. Sick of ombre? Why not try a different kind of dye job? From stripes to circles to traditional shibori, tie dyed patterns
Transform A Corner Of Your Home. Turn an unremarkable spot into a beautiful, inviting haven. Read more on Real Simple
Wooden Palate Is The Cutting Board Maker To The Stars (PHOTOS). ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. We are suckers for
New Uses For Dryer Sheets. Hidden tricks behind the laundry room's most valuable product. Read more on Real Simple
A Fancy Interior Designer Tells Us 3 Home D\u00e9cor Mistakes To Avoid. Home d\u00e9cor is important. You spend so much time in your house and it should be your refuge from the hustle and bustle. When
Knock Knock. If you've ever lingered over a doorway that evokes a \someday\ sigh, you're not alone! Take a virtual stroll past the most
15 Homes With Amazing Pool Tables That Are Anything But An Eyesore (PHOTOS). Now this is just showing off. Traditional Basement by Other Metro Paint & Wall Coverings Faux-Real, LLC Pool tables can totally
Improve Your Style Fortune With Lucky Bamboo. Though somewhat similar in appearance, lucky bamboo is not the same thing as the stuff you may see growing wildly quickly
7 No-Fail Baby Shower Gifts. love baby showers. And I love shopping for them even more. Moms-to-be are gifted so many unnecessary whosits and whatsits at their showers that picking out a gift they'll actually like becomes an exciting challenge.
H&M Home Is Available Online In The U.S. -- Finally! (PHOTOS). The line includes fashion-forward and playful pieces for every room in a range of styles including modern, Bohemian and retro
Jonathan Adler And Simon Doonan's Shelter Island Home Is As Vibrant As They Are (VIDEO, PHOTO). Looking at this place, it's clear to see Adler had a hand in the design. \It\u2019s very gratifying to wake up and see all my
Kitchen Faucets For Cooks And Wannabes. For a while now, the kitchen has been the center of most people\u2019s homes. \u201cJust like the hearth was a place where people congregated
Dubai Miracle Garden Is One Of The Most Amazing Things We've Seen (PHOTOS, VIDEO). We're clearly a little late to the game, but have you seen the Dubai Miracle Garden? Check out some amazing gardens in the
Babe Ruth's House, 'Home Plate Farm,' Can Be All Yours For $1.3 Million (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Presidential Summer Homes. Boosters built Nixon a golf course on the property. Taxpayers footed the bill for other improvements, said to be necessary
Moving Packing Tips. Here's to not breaking any of your favorite dishes.
Buckingham Palace's Gardens Were Hiding The Rare White Helleborine Orchid (PHOTO). Head over to the Natural History Museum's website for more information. And be sure to click through our slideshow of amazing
The Painting Tool That Will Replace Your Wallpaper. While stencils have long ruled the roost as the best paint-driven alternative to wallpaper, we've discovered a much more
The Neptune House In St. Mawes, Cornwall Is A Nautical Lover's Dream (PHOTOS). Every day we come across gorgeous house tours of lovely abodes that aren't quite in our reach. That's why we love looking
8 Gorgeous Greenhouses That Have Us Wanting To Become Botanists (PHOTOS). We love gardening. There's just something so relaxing about planting and tending to beautiful flowers. So, you can understand
DIY Woven Grocery Bag Baskets Are A Simple Yet Chic Upcycling Idea (PHOTO). It makes us happy to repurpose stuff around the house, especially when the final product is as chic as these DIY woven grocery
Case Study. When lead designer Chelsie Lee started working on this Brooklyn brownstone, she needed color -- lots of it. The homeowners
Rolling Through Traffic. Moviemaking, in the end, is visual storytelling. Designing spaces -- what I do now -- is largely the same thing. And I couldn't do it without having done what I did in film.
Country Living's House Of The Year 2013 Is A Restored Hurricane Sandy-Stricken Beach Bungalow (PHOTOS). Henderson went with a classic beach theme and used bright white paint for the ceilings and trimmings to create a really open
Great Design Plant. Here's a grass that I would describe as exuberant -- animated, jaunty, vivacious, spirited, playful, bright and buoyant. Words
The Shop That Channels Your Inner Wes Anderson. If you ever wished you could live inside the set of the Fantastic Mr. Fox, please allow us to introduce you to Coral & Tusk
8 Awesome Fans That Will Keep You Cool All Summer Long (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. 7. A misting fan is
Make A Simple DIY Hammock That's Perfect For A Lazy Summer Day (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
President Obama And Family's New Vacation Home Is Reportedly The Chilmark House On Martha's Vineyard (PHOTOS). ** Scroll through photos to see the amazing property, and be sure to head over to Business Insider for more information. According
DIY Table Runner Idea Is The Easiest Way To Make Your Dining Room Look Amazing (PHOTO). Head over to Inspired By Charm for the full how-to. Want to see more fabulous crafts and DIYs? Click through the slideshow
El Dorado Building Home Renovation Shows Off A Fabulous Collection Of Art And Textiles (PHOTOS). The El Dorado building on Manhattan's Upper West Side may be a relic from the 1920s, but the stunning renovation of a home
Your Mini Guide To Great Garden Edges. Most of our landscapes have an assortment of materials -- plants, mulch, gravel, grass -- so how do you keep everything neat
White Kitchen Appliances Are Trending White Hot. One look at the pale green (otherwise known as \avocado\) range in your grandparents' kitchen proves the rule
Hang It High, Hang It Low; 14 Ideas For Displaying Art. It's never been easier to collect art but displaying it is another matter. If you have been wondering what to do with your
10 Hanging Beds That You Totally Need To Sleep On (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Going with rope is
Creative Entertaining. It's summertime and everyone wants to be outside enjoying the warm weather.  What's easier than gathering friends and family for a backyard BBQ?  From Memorial Day to Labor Day, grilling is a hallowed summer tradition.
Your Decorating Style Defined. Once you\u2019ve determined your style of decorating (see What\u2019s Your Decorating Personality?), find design inspiration\u2015and expert
Jonathan Adler, Interior Designer, Loves Orange, Hates Mauve (PHOTOS). ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Adler sat down with
Scuba Pool In Mustang, Oklahoma Is A Diver's Backyard Paradise (VIDEO). Want to see more amazing pools? Click though the slideshow below for swimming holes owned by celebrities. ** Besides from
Having A Moment. No need to pound the pavement--we've scouted out the best home furnishings available in this zeitgeisty material. Read more
Anmer Hall Almost Ready For Kate Middleton, Prince William & Prince George To Move In. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
10 Lifehacks That'll Trick You Into Cleaning Up & Organizing Your Place. 9. Use a trigger. A trigger is an action that spurs a result. (Like, having to have a scotch when you watch \Mad Men.\) If
Spiral Vegetable Garden Will Completely Change Your Mind About Gardening (PHOTO). Don't think you're a gardener? This may change your mind.
Tour The Old Hollywood Dollhouse That Cost '$7 Million' To Build. Long before the aficionados responsible for vacuum cleaner dollhouses, small-scale homes inside guitars, and other staggeringly
Jackie Kennedy's White House Tour Once Stopped The Nation (VIDEO). This documentary once stopped the entire nation.
Home Microwave From The 1940s Is What Nightmares Are Made Of (PHOTO). This just looks like a bad idea.
Laura Jane Clark, Architect, Transformed Underground Bathrooms Into One Killer Home (PHOTOS). Seriously guys, this is one home conversion we've never seen before.
Remembering Bob Hope And His Awesome UFO House (PHOTOS). It's part UFO, part awesome.
Container Gardening Basics. It's absolutely essential to have the right one for your plants.
Elizabeth Cutler, SoulCycle Co-Founder, Has The Ultimate Beach Home (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
9 'Old Wives' Tales' That Are Actually True (PHOTOS). 6. Remove Carpet Dents With An Ice Cube
New Jersey Mountain Home Is Pretty Much Its Own Resort (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** This single-level
7 Of The Most Expensive Homes In And Around Washington, D.C. Worth $20 Million Or More (PHOTOS). D.C.'s most expensive home recently went on the market for $26 million, prompting some local observers to ask
7 Home Lifehacks That Every Person Who Lives Alone Must Know (VIDEO). Make that \everyone,\ since we've all dealt with an annoyingly stuck jar lid.
DIY Hanging Garden Fits In A Small Space, Can't Be Killed Too Easily (PHOTO). You can hang it in memory to all the sad houseplants that came before it.
A Room-By-Room Makeover For An Organized Home. The Bruno family of Congers, New York, wrestled with stuffed closets, mayhem in the garage, and the tyranny of toddler toys
A Plastic Kitchen Seemed Like A Great Idea In The 1950s (PHOTO). It's made from a material that won't exactly stand up to wear-and-tear.
8 Awesome Basements We Wouldn't Mind Hang Out In -- All The Time (PHOTOS). 4. This is a pretty grand staircase for a basement. Traditional Basement by Boston Architects & Designers Jan Gleysteen Architects
Make A Vertical Garden Tower. It used to be that a good excuse for not growing edibles was lack of room. But the smallest patch of yard can serve up extra
The 12 Summer Sale Items That Belong in Your Cart -- Now!. While Summer isn't close to being over, our favorite retailers are having huge seasonal sales. While they are clearing out
12 Things You Probably Own Too Many Of. Do I really need twenty t-shirts, a dozen towels, three teapots? I need multiples of certain things, yes, but at some point
Mick Jagger's House In 1969 Had Fake Deer Head, Plenty Of Velvet (PHOTOS). We celebrate the rock icon's birthday with a trip to our time machines.
The Davidson Residence, Designed By James Hubbell, Is The Most Unique Tiny Home You'll See (PHOTOS). You've never seen a residence like this before. Unless you're a Hobbit.
7 Things That May Not Be Allowed On Your Front Lawn, Surprisingly (PHOTOS). ** 6. Paint Colors
7 Ways To Add Mediterranean Elegance To Your Home. The romantic feel of Mediterranean style evokes images of seaside dwellings, sparkling turquoise waters, sun-drenched days
9 Very Important Decor Lessons From 'The Golden Girls' (PHOTOS). This is totally our plan for retirement, by the way.
When You've Got to Move It, Move It! Here's How to Pack It, Pack It!. Don't want your movers or pizza-loving friends to shake it, break it? Need some pointers on how to pack that antique mirror? What about your collection of cowboy boots? Oh, and there is always that mess of cords....
Laurie Simmons, Lena Dunham's Mom, Designed Incredible Kaleidoscope Dollhouses (PHOTOS). As Daddytypes mentions, surely this was inspiration for Dunham's 2010 Indie flick \Tiny Furniture.\ Do you have a home story
DIY Shelves Get A Unique Look Thanks To... Belt Straps? (PHOTO). Head over to At Home In Love for the full tutorial, and be sure to check out our slideshow for other great DIY ideas. Have
Are People Spending Hundreds Of Thousands On Luxury Rental Renovations? (VIDEO). Click through our slideshow below for much less expensive ways to make your rental less soulless. For example, one couple
Desire/Acquire. We're suckers for Jonathan Adler's needlepoint novelties, especially his accent pillows. Packed with vintage charm and his
The Silvanus House Is One Place You'll Never Want To Leave (PHOTOS). Don't believe us? Head over to Unique Home Stays to see more. Sitting high on a hill with amazing views of the harbor and
Vintage Bell Telephone Ad Got The Future Of Home Phones Right -- Sort Of (PHOTO). But this vintage Bell Telephone ad got a few things right about the future
Police Create 'Ring Of Steel' Around Carole And Michael Middleton's Home To Protect Prince George (PHOTOS). England is going to great lengths to ensure the new Prince's safety.
Clinton Smith Named New Editor-In-Chief Of Veranda Magazine. For even more style inspiration, check our our favorite design TV shows. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on
Ross Bleckner Wipes The Canvas Clean. All was quiet at Ross Bleckner's house last week, if you didn't count the four yappy dachshunds gnashing their teeth in a
Cash, Cats and Other Crazy Items Left Behind for New Homeowners. Moving is stressful. And stress can cause forgetfulness, which leads to new homeowners finding very strange things left behind in their new home, from dead cats to adult diapers or, if you're very lucky, cash.
Herb Garden Essentials. There's a spot for versatile thyme in almost every garden. Depending on the variety, it can spread out to its heart's content
The N.A. House In Tokyo Appears To Float Weightlessly In Mid-Air (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Brewer's Island In Maryland Can Be Your Own Private Island For Only $650,000 (PHOTOS). The 1-acre property has been on and off the market for a number of years now, and had $200,000 taken off the listing price
4 Fixes To Common Home Stinks. If you've been battling a stink hot-spot or two at home, victory may be closer than you think! Most common odors can be neutralized
8 Good Reasons Why You Should Paint Everything Lime Green (PHOTOS). Contemporary Exterior by Seattle Design-Build Firms RW Anderson Homes Many people shy away from using color at home, especially
Dreamweaver Nest Is The Coolest Backyard Feature Ever (PHOTO). Talk about really getting in touch with nature.
Kate Moss Has More In Common With Home Decor Than You Think (PHOTOS). She may not be a homebody, but her style does translate to interiors.
Less Is More. A striking white modernist structure is tucked into the Square du Docteur Blanche, a stark contrast to the traditional stone chimney-topped townhouses.
Single Females in America. When you read the latest buzz about the rise in single female homeowners in America, what kind of woman did you picture?
'Green Orchard' Home Will Completely Change Your Mind About Sustainable Design (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Designed by Paul
6 Time-Saving Cleaning Tricks. These easy habits will save you serious elbow grease down the road. Read more on Real Simple
This DIY Tent Is Perfect For Campers Who Don't Exactly Like 'Roughing It' (PHOTO). See this project featured on 4 Men 1 Lady, and be sure to head over to Nalle's House for more information. And in the meantime
Balkonzept Balcony Table And Flower Box Makes Even The Smallest Of Outdoor Spaces Cool (PHOTOS). City-dwellers who are lucky enough to have any outdoor space at all, know that most balconies and patios are way too small
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
8 Ways To Find Time And Feel Less Frazzled At Home. From the ping of our devices to the endless items on our to-do lists, we are often pulled in many directions at once. But
The 1950s 'Home Of The Future' Was Yellow -- Bright, Bright Yellow (PHOTO). So bright you have to wear shades.
Royal Baby Nursery Inspired Suite, At Grosvenor House In London, Could Be Where Will & Kate Relax Post-Birth (VIDEO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. In case you haven't
Norman Mailer's Provincetown Home, Where The Author Boxed In The Basement, Goes Up For Sale (PHOTOS). Following Mailer's death in 2007, the home became The Norman Mailer Center, which held writing workshops and programs. Unfortunately
Faith Hill And Tim McGraw's Tennessee Home Is Actually Made Up Of Four Houses (PHOTOS). It has four residences... four!
MacKenzie-Childs Farmhouse In The Finger Lakes Is As Whimsical As The Couple's Well-Known Decor (PHOTOS). This property has serious design cred and can be yours for the right price.
Get Rid Of Sweat Stains Forever With A Little Baking Soda. ** Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting
Kingston Mansion's Swimming Pool Movie Theater Is Possibly The Coolest Luxury Feature We've Seen (PHOTO). Photo by Daniella Cesarei How cool would it be to float around on a raft and watch your favorite flicks? As long as this
8 Ways To Try The Splatter Paint Trend. Even if owning a Jackson Pollock original isn't in the cards, you can still introduce the famous artist's splatter-paint
Organize Your Laundry Room Easily With This Super Clever Trick (PHOTOS). This clever little trick will make sorting clothes and finding detergent so much easier.
7 Free Printable Thank You Cards Because Sending An Email Isn't Always Appropriate. Because there's really nothing quite like a handwritten note to show how grateful you are.
Unexpected Uses For Leftover Wallpaper. There's so much you can do with even just a little piece.
Rare Photos Of Natalie Wood Relaxing Poolside At First Home, Cooking With Dennis Hopper (PHOTOS). Stuffed animals -- and Dennis Hopper -- included.
7 Weekend DIY Projects That'll Whip Your Garage Into Shape (PHOTOS). It's time you addressed this space.
10 Infinity Pools That Will Make You Want To Swim... Forever (PHOTOS). These gorgeous water features make us want to swim forever.
Icelandic Turf Houses Are The Most Interesting Earth-Sheltered Homes We've Ever Seen (PHOTO). These are definitely the coolest earth-sheltered homes we've ever seen.
Evan Williams, Twitter Cofounder, Lists Surprisingly Tasteful House On The Market (PHOTOS). Internet wealth does strange things to people, especially when it comes to real estate. Twitter cofounder Evan Williams' San
My Guide to Tile Style. I've found myself discussing kitchens and bathrooms a lot lately
A DIY Table With Built-In Drink Coolers Is The Perfect Way To Beat The Heat (PHOTOS). You'll never need to make a beer run again.
Someone Snagged The 'Grumpy Old Men' Home And Gets To Own A Piece Of Movie History (PHOTOS). It's only the place where one of our favorite grumpy old men lived.
Will Ferrell's Character In 'Old School' Sums Up Our Weekend Perfectly (VIDEO). Maybe Bed, Bath & Beyond. I don't know, I don't know if we'll have enough time.
6 Surprising Concrete Ideas For Your Home That Don't Look Anything Like Prison Cells (PHOTOS). 4. Concrete molded to look like stone
Is Cond\u00e9 Nast Reviving Domino Magazine?. Sources tell Curbed that Michelle Adams has gone to Domino to steer the ship, suggesting that the little cult-obsession shelter
10 Things Everyone Should Be Able to Do, or Learn to If They Don't. Change a tire
'YourWaterMark' Facebook App By Electrolux & Global Green USA Monitors Daily Water Consumption. Electrolux has created a Facebook application that assesses the amount of water individuals use on a daily basis \u2013 not just
'Kookaburra House' In Sydney Is One Of The Most Relaxing Places On Earth (PHOTOS). If you visit, you might leave relaxed. Very relaxed.
The Dos And Don'ts Of Garage Sales. Ten years ago, those knick-knacks in your dining room were charming. Now, they feel like clutter. Instead of heading to your
Waka Ichinose, 'Modern Findings' Bloggers, Shows Off Her Impeccable Midcentury Home (PHOTOS). This place was designed so wonderfully, we thought it was a fancy showroom at first!
The One Thing That Successful People Do Every Day -- That You're Getting Wrong. There's a good reason why your to-do list is constantly failing you.
Real People, Real Design. Please meet Angie Hranowsky. Recently, editor Sarah Storms got an inside look at the interior designer's Charleston Single House in South Carolina -- a family-friendly abode infused with vintage finds and vibrant hues. The best part of the transformation
Innovative Beach House In California Has Walls Made From... Refrigerator Panels? (VIDEO). And that's not the only unusual feature in this place.
9 Spray Paint Ideas To Update Your Space In Minutes (PHOTOS). 2. Spray vintage flatware in bright colors for a modern look. 6. Give a chandelier a brand new coat in any shade. 9. Give
Smart Storage Lessons. One of the revelations of living in a small home is that choosing less square footage doesn't mean you necessarily have to
West Elm's Fall 2013 Collection. With half of Summer already behind us, it's time to look forward to the sumptuous fabrics, saturated colors, and new silhouettes
Wendy Williams' Home Has A Room With A 'Tree Of Life' And Lots Of Color (VIDEO). Say it with us
Organize Your Garage In Just 15 Minutes, Because You Have Better Things To Do (VIDEO). This is one task you want over with ASAP.
Hunter S. Thompson's Childhood Home Used To Include 'The Gates Of Hell' (PHOTO). Once you learn who used to live here, you wouldn't be surprised.
Graham Hill, TreeHugger Founder, Lives In A Mind-Blowing 420-Square Feet 'Tiny Home' (VIDEO). It's got a little secret. A really little secret.
The Apartment Dweller's Guide to Small Space Gardening. Growing plants in containers lets you have a garden even when space for one is limited or nonexistent. You can use containers to turn a tiny balcony, patio or roof garden into a leafy haven, filled with patio roses, herbs, even your own fresh vegetables.
Clean Your Grill Now So Your Friends Don't Complain About Your Cooking. We've put together a little checklist that will make this task seem as bearable as possible in this heat.
3 Random Luxury Home Features You Need In Your Imaginary Dream House (PHOTOS). An indoor/outdoor bubble tent? Why not.
18 Modern Sofa Options For Every Budget. End the harrowing hunt for a smart and stylish seat. Whether you want a durable starter model, a treasure-to-be, or something
The Oliver Gal Artist Co. Creates Couture for Your Walls. Ask any aficionado and they'll agree that art and fashion go hand-in-hand which is why the fashion collection from the Oliver Gal Artist Co. seems like such a no-brainer.
6 Important Services to Enjoy Entirely Free. There's nothing better than scoring a much needed item or service at a discount -- unless, of course, you can get it for free.
Make A DIY Sliding Barn Door Out Of Simple Hardware Store Finds (PHOTOS). It's so clever, it's hard to tell it was made by hand.
Luau Party Ideas. Turning your backyard into a tropical paradise requires a few creative touches, some traditional Hawaiian tokens, and a few
Nate Berkus and Jeremiah Brent's Los Angeles Home Is As Stylish As Our Favorite Couple (PHOTOS). Scroll through to see photos of other celebrity homes! Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Gardening Can Help Depression, Gardeners' World Magazine Survey Finds (VIDEO). Besides envy-inducing flowers, of course.
Ridiculous Etiquette Rules From The '20s Forbid Unauthorized Umbrellas, Friendship (PHOTO). Find out the rule that would keep this woman out of your house.
This DIY Vegetable Garden Deserves Major Props (PHOTOS). But this gardener really doesn't seem to mind... or care.
8 Decorating Don'ts That We're All Guilty Of... But Are Totally No-Nos (GIFs). 1. Hanging curtains that are way too short or too long. Ideally, your window treatments should just hit the floor or pool
10 Indoor Water Features That You'll Actually Want In Your Home (PHOTOS). Well, this is an unusual (but luxurious) way to bring the outdoors in.
Will Ferrell's Home Is In An Old Printing Factory, Has Serious Decor Cred (VIDEO). This isn't quite what we imagined for Ron Burgundy.
7 Ways To Make A Small Bedroom Look Bigger And Work Better. Sometimes a small bedroom can feel more like a cave than a cozy refuge. If a space lacks natural light, smart storage and
An Incredible Treehouse That Would Never, Ever Be Found In A Backyard (PHOTOS, VIDEO). This is one incredible way to get back to nature.
Peek Inside This Juhu Beach Apartment In The 'Beverly Hills' Of Bollywood (PHOTOS). ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
10 Unmistakable Signs That You're In A Grown-Up's Apartment (PHOTOS). The glaringly obvious one
10 Favorites. For a long time, I shuddered at the thought of a bath in the bedroom. It conjured up images of an over-pouffed B & B with
5 Kinda Weird But Also Kinda Helpful Repurposing Ideas To Save You Money (PHOTOS). They're kinda weird, but also kinda helpful.
9 Wood DIY Ideas That Prove You Can Do Pretty Cool Stuff With This Rustic Material (PHOTOS). Cabinets and chairs aren't the only things you can make with the material.
Sandusa Beach Towel Repels Sand And Water, Resolving An Annoying Summer Problem (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Last Minute Tips And Tricks For Making A Messy House Seem Cleaner. It's not an if, it's a when. Mistaken appointment times, last minute guests, friends and family who love to just drop in
10 Cottage Gardens That Are Just Too Charming For Words (PHOTOS). The colors really make this brown house standout. Traditional Landscape by Boulder Creek Landscape Architects & Designers
Weekend DIY Ideas. Is it just us or is there always a chance of rain these days?
Keeping Mosquitoes At Bay. The key here is to remain calm when you see one.
Did Harrison Ford Restore & Renovate His Own Home? Because That Would Be Awesome (VIDEO). We were impressed, amazed and filled with questions.
Aaron Sorkin, 'The Newsroom' Creator, Has An Office That's Right Out Of Old Hollywood (PHOTOS). The hit might be set in our time, but this office is right out of old Hollywood.
Nowe Powi\u015ble Penthouse In Warsaw, Poland Has The Most Amazing Views (PHOTOS). For more photos of the property, flip through our slideshow below. And to tour other luxury homes, be sure to visit The Pinnacle
10 Ways To Go Coastal With A Modern Edge. Spending my Fourth of July at the beach, I loved nosily peeking into peoples' windows as I walked by and noticing their beachy
Grow Herbs In A Potted Arrangement. All you need is a large pot and your favorite herb.
Rene Gonzalez, Architect, Designs Stunning Buildings That 'Disappear' Into A View (VIDEO). Here, every room has a great view.
Moving Day Guide and Checklist. Planning a move can be a difficult and stressful process, but the actual day of your move can be downright overwhelming. Knowing what you need to get done -- and in what order -- will help to put your mind at ease when the big moving day arrives.
Rental Contracts 101. t's terrible to settle in to a new rental home or apartment only to discover something amiss. Once you sign a lease or contract, you are legally bound to what is written in the rental agreement.
Yurt For Sale In Washington Probably Has More Impressive Features Than Your Own Home (PHOTOS). Just wait until you hear what this property has.
Casa Casuarina, Gianni Versace's Former Mansion, Is In Bankruptcy (PHOTOS). If you're interested in owning a piece of fashion history and have some cash to spare, Casa Casuarina, Gianni Versace's former
Betty White's Home In The 1950s Had Style, Plenty Of Dogs (VINTAGE PHOTOS). You'll agree when we say
Make a DIY Citronella Candle. There's no argument that mosquitoes are a major buzz kill of summertime fun, but covering yourself from head to toe in sticky bug spray can be almost as vexing.
10 Amazing Bookends From Etsy That Are Stylish And Practical (PHOTOS). These ideas aren't just practical, but they're also completely stylish.
California Home's $350,000 Bar Is Totally Amazing (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
The Rug Company And Alexander McQueen's New Home Collection To Debut This Fall (PHOTOS). Fashion and decor are blurring the lines once again as The Rug Company has teamed up with style house Alexander McQueen for
11 Extreme Sofas That Will Make You Rethink Your Trusty Couch (PHOTOS). And eleven other wild models that take repurposing to the extreme.
A Beach House In Mornington, Australia Is Actually Made Up Of Two Completely Different Structures (PHOTOS). In at least one part of the home, you'll get a better view.
Meet A Houseplant That Doesn't Mind Neglect. If you're like most busy homeowners, you want your indoor plants to tolerate substandard growing conditions and some neglect
Luxury Condos Selling 'Sight Unseen' Is Everything That's Wrong With Real Estate Right Now (VIDEO). When this starts happening, you can forget your house-buying dreams.
Amy Butler House Tour. Warning
Inside 4 Amazing European Homes That Can Be All Yours... For A Few Million (VIDEO). These make us want to pack our bags and move to Venice!
Small-Space Gardening Idea Uses A Trellis To Grow Vegetables Vertically (PHOTO). Many of us aren't lucky enough to have large backyards to grow lush vegetable gardens. But that doesn't mean we can't exercise
Vintage Postcard Completely Oversells Mobile Homes As Living 'Like A Millionaire' (PHOTO). You would only send this card with irony. Extreme irony.
Erika Storm Wasser, SPACEStv Host, Shows Us It Is Possible To Rent For $1,000... In Certain Cities (VIDEO). We're seriously thinking of relocating anywhere but NYC.
10 Ways To Love Your Home More. Sometimes being happy with your house isn't about making big changes; it's about learning to appreciate the little things
House Tour. You get a gorgeous home that you have to see to believe.
'Fleur De Coin' Home In Summit, New Jersey Is A Spectacular Colonial Perched On A Hill (PHOTOS). ** Credit
How To Create A Well-Balanced Room. Avoid a proportional faux pas
George Bush's Bedroom In The 1980s Was Exactly As We Expected It To Be (PHOTO). It's a look we call \vintage Grandpa.\
Camouflage Home In Lamy, New Mexico Reminds Us Of 'The Flintstones' House (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
10 Nautical Craft Ideas, Because It's Summer After All (PHOTOS). Even if your idea of crafting is \repinning other people's photos.\
Walton Family Home, As Seen In 1961, Is The House That Walmart's Founder Had Built (PHOTOS). Even back then, it wasn't quite what we expected from a family with a vast fortune.
Get Your House Sold and Get Yourself Moving With These Room-by-Room Staging Tips. I don't care how well designed or clean your home is, everyone needs to stage their home to sell it efficiently, and you do not need to spend any money to stage your home. Time, yes! Money, no! The right approach is simply a change in mindset.
Vintage Appliance Ad Offers To Solve 'Servant Problem,' Makes Us Glad It's Not The '20s (PHOTO). Perhaps it's not so much the chores, but the perception of what our homes \should\ look like. Whether it's the expectations
Taxes Nightmare For Homesellers Few Understand. The foreclosure mess due to the economic downturn has left many homeowners facing devastating taxes, even after they sell a house in a foreclosure or short sale or one that is underwater, so they earn little, nothing, or sell the home at a loss.
Vintage Camera Night Lights Are The Most Awesome Way To Use Old Photography Equipment (PHOTOS). Scroll through to see some of Hull's work, and be sure to head over to his Flickr page for more information. Do you have
Making Waves. From high-fashion specimens to artisanal designs, we round up the best-looking boards on dry land. Read more on Domaine Home
Kitchen Countertops Buying Guide. Contemporary Kitchen by Great Falls Architects & Designers Carlyn And Company Interiors + Design 5. Solid Surfacing What
Inside 'La Selva,' A Communal Living Property That Totally Breaks Any Stereotypes About This Lifestyle (VIDEO). Check out this slideshow of pocket neighborhoods for a glimpse at how others live simply. Have something to say? Check out
Looking for High Quality, Inexpensive, Gorgeous Picture Frames? Here's an Off the Wall Idea. Sometimes the art or photo is still in the frame. That's when it really takes a visionary to see that frame take on a new life. The art might be bad, but the frame could be great.
6 Home Gadgets Designed For The Laziest People In The World (PHOTOS). 5. Radio Control Tissue Box Case Because there's nothing worse than having to get out of bed or off the couch to find a Kleenex
Chic Symbols, Cool Tile, and the Return of WallPaper. Summer is the time of year for home decorating and design projects. It can mean a full overhaul of a space, remodeling, updating, painting, or just mixing in new pillows and other decor items.
Country Living Appraises A Late-19th-Century Newspaper Rack. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Do you have a home
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Houzz's Real Cost Finder Helps You Figure Out How Much That Renovation Will Set You Back (PHOTOS). Renovation Budget Tracker The data is based on the feedback of over 100,000 real homeowner respondents who have been in your
Nightstand Tips For Styling. When a designer/stylist raves about a compact piece of furniture that also happens to be incredibly versatile, you take note
Good Design Is for the Dogs... and Cats. Every morning, my boyfriend and I have the great luck to be woken up by a multitude of furry four-legged (and one three-legged) friends.
The Llama Is In. People who keep llamas as pets will readily offer you any number of reasons
Philippe Starck And Riko Redesign Prefab 'P.A.T.H.' Homes, Bringing Modern Style To Modular Houses (PHOTOS). You know his name from many collaborations, but we never thought he'd lend his talents to this.
A Vintage TV Set Becomes A Display Case With This DIY Idea (PHOTO). Aside from a place to put your glass pineapples.
Save Space In Your Dishwasher By Using Plastic Fruit Baskets. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Those plastic baskets
3 Reasons You Might Want a Designer's Help. Remember, you don't have to be rich to work with a professional.
Molly Sims' Home, Toured By Domaine, Is Modern, Eclectic And Totally Livable (PHOTOS). This model/actress certainly knows how to live stylishly.
Create A Clever Container Garden Using An Old Wagon (PHOTO). Repurposing an old wagon is pretty and practical.
Decor & DIY Inspiration. My kids find hot air balloons quite fascinating. I don't know what it is, but I'm with them on this - they are a little alien
12 Bohemian Bedrooms Filled With Exotic Decor And Plenty Of Color (PHOTOS). Forget \Shabby Chic\ -- boho is the new way to create a romantic vibe.
7 Ways To Decorate With Books. If you've long supported a fiction-consumption habit, there are probably more than a few books lying around your home. And
7 Beach Towel DIYs That Turn Old Terrycloth Into Something Special (PHOTOS). Because we all have a few hanging around past their prime.
Weekend DIY Ideas. These won't get in the way of your weekend plans.
Be Bold! 6 Ways To Use Color Daringly. You're going to have to go bold for this one.
Remove Summer Stains Like Ketchup, Grass And Other Stubborn Culprits (PHOTOS). In case your friends and family got a little messy over the holiday.
Summer Table Ideas That Will Turn Any Get-Together Into A Fabulous Soiree (PHOTOS). For some inspiration, scroll through these eight summer table ideas fromour friends at Lonny that are sure to impress your
Your Ultimate Junk Drawer Organizer. Yes, even a messy spot like this can become tidy.
'House Of The Tree' Home In China, Designed By Kokaistudios, Is The Ultimate Combination Of City And Nature (PHOTOS). It sets the bar for urban living very high.
5 Ways Thomas Jefferson Changed Our Homes, Inside And Out (PHOTOS). You'd be surprised at how many of his inventions withstood the test of time.
25 July 4th Ideas For The Best Independence Day Party Ever. Fire up the grill, hide the fireworks and get ready to party.
Martha MacCallum, Fox News Anchor, Reveals Her Stunning Cape Cod Home In Country Living (PHOTOS). For example, the living room was given a fresh coat of yellow paint and the two reupholstered the family's old sofa to give
Increase Your Curb Appeal. You wouldn't go on a first date without looking your best, and your house shouldn't be sold without looking its best, either
Aristotle Onassis' Christina O Yacht Is On Sale For $32.4 Million, Includes Spa, Sports Lounge & Beauty Salon (PHOTOS). ** It's not every day you get a chance to own a piece of property that once served guests like the Kennedys, Grace Kelly
10 Houses Made from Shipping Containers. Last weekend on an overcast Sunday, I locked myself indoors to watch episode after episode of Top of the Lake (think Twin
12 Ring Holders, So You'll Always Know Where You Left Your Jewelry (PHOTOS). ** We've rounded up 12 adorable options from glass to wood to ceramic that are on the market now and will match any decor
Endless Inspiration For Your Home Bar. Since it's 5 o'clock somewhere, we have everything you need to start and style your very own bar cart. An entertaining essential
July 4th Ideas. We've got you covered for your \Party in the U.S.A.\
Tiny Home For Sale In California Offers Five Acres Of Privacy, But No Official Bathroom (PHOTOS). It's affordable and has gorgeous views...but the home is missing something very important.
Venturini House In Buenos Aires, Argentina Was Beautifully Restored By Adamo-Faiden Architects (PHOTOS). This house restoration is one for the books, folks!
Buy This, Not That. Summer is here and there's no better time to hit the outlets and shopping malls for a little retail therapy. You know you can find summer chic on the cheap, but some buys are better than others during the warm season.
What You Didn't Know About The 'Back To The Future' Homes (PHOTOS). The houses still stand, but one is noteworthy for a completely different reason.
17 Surprising Home Office Ideas. If you're under the impression that you need a spare room or a huge master bedroom to set up a workspace in your home, you're
Jim Morrison's House In Melbourne, Florida, Offered A Modest Start To A Legendary Life (PHOTOS). It's not quite we imagined -- and its worth will raise your eyebrow.
10 Surprising Ways To Add Color To Your Home. Whether it's on a pair of pillows, the back of a bookshelf, the floor or the ceiling, a splash of unexpected color transforms
Bill Koch's House In Cape Cod Is Listed For $15 Million After He Purchased Rachel 'Bunny' Mellon's Nearby Estate (PHOTOS). And why he's choosing to move around the corner instead.
New Uses For Ladders. Secret ways to take this household object to new heights. Read more on Real Simple
8 Kitchen Amenities You'll Really Wish You Had. Don't waste another minute on your hands and knees in your kitchen, searching for that missing cutting board or rolling pin
Amelia Earhart's House In Atchison, Kansas, Was A Stunning Gothic Revival Cottage (PHOTOS). A stunning cottage fit for an icon.
Summer Entertaining Ideas. \How on earth did you live without a bottle opener bracelet?\
Home Fire-Safe Checklist/Defensible Space. With the record-breaking heat, drought, and fire storms of the summer of 2012, followed by a horrendous start to the 2013 fire season, most of us want to do what we can to improve the chances that our home will survive a local wildfire.
Break In Your Jeans With... Tennis Balls?. Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. ** As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably
Get The Hang Of Hanging Flower Baskets. The material, soil and even flower arrangement can make all the difference on your porch.
Decorating With Neon Colors. Want an easy, instant way to jolt a room into high gear? Try a dose of Day-Glo. Here are bright ideas for basking in this
13 Ways To Perk Up A Forgotten Hallway. Whether you transform it into a dining room, a library, or just a simple and pretty space, these hallway decorate ideas will
DIY Porch Potty Is The Ultimate Solution For City Dogs Or Lazy Pet Owners (PHOTOS). It also happens to be a lazy pet-owner's dream come true.
Vintage IKEA Ad Says Store Is The \Only Sensible Way To Buy Furniture\ (PHOTO). We respectfully disagree.
Country Living Appraises A Circa-1935 Weller Lawn Sprinkler. What's It Worth
Top 10 Plants for an Indoor Vertical Garden. Last week we covered the principles of building a vertical garden, but no living wall is complete without some knowledge in choosing the best plants for the system.
Dudley Mansion, Once Owned By Couple Who Allegedly Inspired 'Keeping Up With The Joneses,' Is For Sale (PHOTOS). If you've got $1.2 million, you can actually become them... sort of.
It's National Picnic Month! Bring The Park To Your Place With These Pretty Table Ideas (PHOTOS). Get inspired to recreate park-style dining in your own home.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
14 Painting Mistakes Not To Make When You're DIYing (PHOTOS). We've got the solutions to get the job done right.
4 Tips For A Stress-Free Home Makeover. Tackle top trouble zones with these easy-to-follow tricks.
Chill Out. Summer doesn't have to send you and your guests clinging to the comforts of air conditioning, especially if you're willing
Vintage Photos. There would have been legendary parties, if this photo says anything.
Get Rid Of Dust On Furniture Naturally To Keep Your Finds Looking Fabulous. No one has ever brought home a good piece that didn't need some shining.
Weekend DIY Ideas. They're great ways to soak up some sun.
4th Of July Ideas. 4th of July is right around the bend.
10 Outdoor Dining Rooms That Make Eating Alfresco Seem Like The Best Idea Ever (PHOTOS). Here's how you really set the mood for a great summer party.
Katharine Hepburn Compares Buying Furniture To Acting, Gives Strangely Good Advice (VIDEO). Surprisingly, there's some good advice here.
10 Castles from Around The World That Are Straight Out Of Fairy Tales (PHOTOS). We're just wondering if there's a modern day Prince Charming inside.
15 Laundry Tips For When You'd Rather Be Doing Something Else (PHOTOS). Time-saving tricks for when you have something better to do with your weekend.
6 Elements Of A Perfect Bathroom Paint Job. High-quality paint alone won't cut it. For the best-looking painted bathroom walls, you'll need to get these other details
Organizing Trick Suggests Using A Soda Can Tab On Hangers To Keep Your Closet Neat. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
22 Container Gardens In Bloom. As these photos show, a garden can call for nothing more than a pot and a lush plant. Read more on Real Simple
Celebrate! Patriotic Bug-Away Candleholders. The secret ingredients can repel some major pests.
6 Flea Market Tips For Getting The Best Vintage Finds, From A Seasoned Pro. Why you should avoid events in neighborhoods that have cupcake shops.
8 Camping Necessities That Make 'Roughing It' So Much Better (PHOTOS). They won't turn the outdoors into a hotel, but a little comfort and style can make a difference.
This A-Frame Tiny Home For Sale Would Make The Perfect Summer Getaway (PHOTOS). If you think the exterior is cool, wait until you see how surprisingly chic it is inside.
Peek Inside Five Of America's Most Teched-Out Hotels. Opened in June 2011, NYC's Yotel--designed by hotel interiors guru David Rockwell--sets itself apart from the budget pack
8 Signs That You've Lived In The 'Country' Too Long. Though I'm a city girl now, I have a past. And that past involved growing up in the 'country' -- farm animals, bugs, weeds and lots and lots of antlers.
Celebrities With Green Homes. Though we're not sure a 22,000-square-foot mansion would ever be approved by Mother Earth.
How To. It's best to stick with inexpensive plates until you really get the hang of it.
Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian's House Is Just As Glamorous As She Is (PHOTOS). To celebrate, we're taking a tour of her glam home.
Degrease Your Dishes Quickly With A Little Lemon Juice. ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Lehrer Architects Collaborates With Los Angeles City On Amazing Spring Street Park Design. In this modernist plan, the elliptical great lawn is used succinctly as a classical urban room, on the sunniest part of the
People In The '50s Thought The '80s Would Be Filled With Plastic, Sweater Unitards (PHOTO). You know, these \predictions\ make the decade of excess look not-so-bad.
Angela Lindvall, Model, Has A Home That's As Eco-Fabulous As She Is (PHOTOS). Girl's got a classic Yurt in her backyard -- can't get more green than that.
Ashley Whittaker Proves That Small-Space Living Doesn't Have To Be Dull, In House Beautiful's July/August Issue (PHOTOS). One designer proves that bold is better in small spaces.
The Emotional Side of Homebuying. Homebuying is an inherently emotional experience and brings with it feelings that don't always serve our best interest in the heat of decision-making.
Paint Color Ideas. No, we aren't suggesting you go goth.
The 'Bewitched' House Still Stands, But Looks Slightly Different (PHOTOS, VIDEO). We're not sure Samantha would have made this particular choice.
Roommate Roulette. \My roommate was an education major, but it was only the first semester of our first year,\ he related. \I said 'Hello,' and
Here's The Angelino Heights House That Played A Brothel On The Mad Men Season Finale. AMC's Mad Men featured its usual slew of Los Angeles locations filling in for mid-century New York (and also LA and Detroit
$53 Million California Mansion Has Five Underground Floors Of Wonder (PHOTOS). When we first saw the exterior of this Rolling Hills, California mansion, we thought it was just another big estate to envy
Here's Looking At You. Besides of course, that you're fabulous.
Create A Fishbowl Centerpiece. Add fruit and flowers to a round glass bowl to outfit a side table at your next party. Read more on Real Simple
17 Gorgeous Outdoor Lighting Options. Make any space shine with one of these.
Popsicle Stick Crafts That Will Have You Channeling Your Inner Preschooler (PHOTOS). Start saving them now!
Private Island Home On The River Thames Is A Beautifully Restored 17th Century Mansion (VIDEO). This is probably the stuff that fairytales are made of.
Remove Sticky Price Tags With Just A Few Rubs From A Pencil Eraser. We've heard of removing adhesive with peanut butter, but this way makes so much more sense -- plus it's a lot cleaner. Click
Build a Vertical Garden in Your Home. Having filled up just about every horizontal surface with flora, I turned to the wall for inspiration. I had seen plenty of outdoor gardens but I wanted to get a sense as to whether it was possible to build a healthy vertical garden in my home.
Decorating With Door Accessories. From sconces to numbers, the right outdoor accoutrements bring polish to any style of house. Follow the lead of your architecture
8 Kitchen Organizing Ideas For Messy Cooks. I've always loved to cook. My stove gets a daily workout, my recipe books number in the hundreds, and I have so many pots
Robert Guthrie's Stylish New Orleans Home Was Originally A... Gas Station? (VIDEO). How one artist turned a very unattractive (and stinky) building into a gorgeous loft.
Use This Penny Trick To Find Out If Your Car Needs New Tires. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
No-Money Home Makeover Ideas. There's no reason to buy new stuff; you already have everything you need. Read more on Real Simple
Eric Schneider's Tiny Home In New York May Be The Most Organized House Ever (VIDEO). The only way to survive is to be uber organized.
Guest Picks. One of my best friends recently bought her very first apartment, and I've been brainstorming ideas for the perfect present
7 Tips For Creating A Killer Art Gallery. You've finally purchased the art print you've been pining for, but haven't gotten around to hanging it yet. Sound familiar
Lake Norman, North Carolina Home Is A Stunning Waterfront Retreat (VIDEO). Between a deep water dock and panoramic views of the water, we'd say it's the ultimate retreat.
JFK & Jackie Kennedy's Life In Homes. A glimpse at how the couple lived before the White House years.
The Ultimate Guide to Planning Your Move Online. It's widely known in the moving industry that summer is the busiest moving season of the year. With that, there's an extremely large number of do-it-yourself movers that turn to the Web in an effort to plan or coordinate their relocation project.
Weekly Roundup Of EBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. To receive the
6 Free Printables You Can Use All Summer Long (PHOTOS). Who said being a great hostess meant spending big bucks?
6 Color Ideas We're Tired Of Seeing In Home Design (PHOTOS). 5. Red, White and Black
Remove Rust From Garden Tools With Crumpled Aluminum Foil. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
4 Easy Ways To Style Your Bookshelf. Clients always seem to have a hard time arranging their books and bookshelves. It can easily look over-designed or too messy
Weekend DIY Ideas. Installing a pool slide is just one of them.
15 Outdoor Showers That Will Totally Make You Want To Rinse Off In The Sun (PHOTOS). Maybe just give your neighbors a heads-up before you install one.
George Carlin Was Right About Your 'Stuff' (VIDEO). Especially about the distinction between yours versus other people's.
Decorating With Florals. Get the lowdown on how to make a room look chic, not tacky.
7 Clever Jewelry Storage Ideas That Are Definitely More Stylish Than An Old Box (PHOTOS). Because trying to find a matching pair of earrings in an old box is like entering Narnia.
How America Lives. The homes were broken-down, the restaurants were seedy and many of the landmark buildings in this former vacation destination
How to Create a Stylish Summer Patio. Stylish patios are easy to create and popular for creating outdoor extensions to the home. They allow you to enjoy the outdoors in comfort, and outdoor living has never been more a part of our everyday living!
11 Ways to Get More From Your Summer Porch. Embracing easy summer living can be as simple as spending time each day on your front porch. There is something utterly relaxing
Bathroom Renovating. If you have a pink tub and gold antique faucets, it just might be time to renovate and invest in something you'll actually enjoy using and admiring.
Craft Room Organization. Both professional interior designers and crafters/DIYers struggle with the same kinds of problems
Video. If Summer entertaining is on the agenda, then you'll want in on this easy DIY for creating a nonslip drink tray. Think back
10 Incredible Playgrounds We Wish We Had Growing Up (PHOTOS). Apparently a lone swingset is frowned upon these days.
7 Clock Ideas That Will Add A Touch Of DIY To Any Space (PHOTOS). The household relic makes a comeback with these projects.
Yes, You Can Rent Chevy Chase's Home For Your Next Vacation (PHOTOS). Hint
A Look Back At The MTV Beach House In Honor Of The First Day Of Summer (VIDEO, PHOTO). Think back to your summer break circa 1993.
Creative Entertaining. Served up family-styIe, guests can crack open a clam or dip a grilled lobster claw into some warm butter and wash it down with an old-fashioned gimlet that's served with a distinctly modern twist.
10 Bike Accessories That'll Make Your Ride Even Cooler (PHOTOS). Honestly, these accessories leave us anxious to cycle all summer long.
How To Choose a Sofa. Everything you need to know about sofas in one place. Experts such as Windsor Smith, Barbara Barry, and Steven Gambrel share
Avery Johnson's Home In Texas Has Everything A San Antonio Spurs Legend Would Need Off Court (PHOTOS). Clearly the nickname \Little General\ gave him a home complex.
15 Outdoor Beds That Are Far Better Than Your Lumpy Mattress (PHOTOS). If you have an outdoor space, you're going to want to gives these ideas a try.
Erin's Bright, Happy Nursery. I have been following Erin's nursery project for the last several months and knew I had to share the finished result with
Putting Together the Perfect Nursery. One of the biggest challenges of expecting a little one is putting together the perfect nursery. Yet, with the help of Desiree
River Oaks Home In Houston, Texas Is A Fine Example Of Colonial-Style Architecture (PHOTOS). Isn't everything bigger in Texas?
The Most Outrageous Playhouses For Kids. \Childhood is a precious and finite thing ... And a special playhouse is not the sort of thing you can put off until the
How to Not be a Jerk at a Summer Party. You know how your parents told you when you were little that if you peed in the pool, a the water around you would turn green? Well, they were lying. But kids know better and so should you!
The House At Jardin Del Sol Is The Most Stunning Beachfront Property We've Come Across Yet (PHOTOS). Head over to The Pinnacle List for other amazing homes. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
National Martini Day. What, we shouldn't be celebrating every day?
Martha Stewart's Home Is Your Hangout, If You Win This Charity Auction (PHOTOS). You don't even have to sign up for Match.com to do so.
9 Eco-Friendly Picnic Essentials. Picnic season is in full swing, and while convenience is crucial, you also want to be sure to avoid creating excess waste
Mark and Linda Heister's Home In La Porte, Indiana Is The Product Of Years Of Antiquing (PHOTOS, VIDEO). It's no wonder that these owners have an eye for detail.
Celebration Inspiration. Laser cut paper easily passes for lace, making it perfect for wedding details. Depending on the design, it can read romantic
Smart Microwave Cleaning Tip Using... A Coffee Filter?. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Moving Bucket List. Aside from packing those boxes, of course.
Extreme Treehouse In California Will Make You Wish You Had A Home In The Sky (VIDEO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
3D Printers Would Take Over 220 Years To Build A Full-Sized House (PHOTOS). This technology is cool -- for miniatures, that is.
Great Design Plant. Sometimes a garden that is filled with plants of similar heights, especially those lower than 3 feet, can become drab. Add
Throw The Best Dinner Party Ever! (On A Budget, Of Course). Throwing a party is all fun and games ... that is, until you see the bill. Between the decorations, groceries, beverages
A Typical Trip To IKEA... The Good, Bad And Ugly (GIFS). Once you get there, it's straight to the restaurant -- you'll need your energy. And of course, you have to take a break to
DIY Animal Jar Tops. If you skipped spring cleaning and are now looking at some much needed summer cleaning, these whimsical DIY animal jar tops may get you excited to organize!
4 Home Tech Gadgets That'll Make Your Day A Little Less Annoying (PHOTOS). Husqvarna Automower Solar Hybrid It sounds like an IKEA product, but this is basically a Roomba for your lawn. As long as
Best Tent Designs. We are approaching the first official day of Summer and with it the beginning of camping season. And while some people worry
Country Living Appraises A 1950s Mickey Mouse Toy (PHOTO). 37 Ways to Make Something New Out of Something Old Bedroom Design Ideas Living Rooms You'll Love WHAT IS IT? Also check out
Why Losing a Pet is So Hard--and How to Get Through It. McDuff moved with us to a grander house six years later, a new house with lots of land that could accommodate our bigger
Clean Silk Garments By Hand To Avoid The Dry Cleaners. ** For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
Color Ideas. These six fresh ideas will take the guesswork out of painting or decorating.
10 Tips For Wedding Flowers From Kate Middleton's Florist. It's the height of wedding season, so we asked Royal Wedding floral designer Shane Connolly to share his top ten tips for
How To Be Sure Your Real Estate Agent Is A Winner. We hire professionals for their expertise, experience and commitment to do the job to our satisfaction.
Decorating With Green. Perk up any room with a shot of this color.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). DISCLOSURE
Small Space Living. The secret is to actually add furnishings, not subtract.
Licensed to Grill. Michael Diamond was sitting in his Cobble Hill town house, marveling at the virtues of a backyard. \When I was growing up
10 Clear Furnishings That Practically Disappear In A Room (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Keep Your Sheets Dry And Cool This Summer With A Little Baby Powder. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
9 Guest Room Ideas That Will Make Any Visitors Feel Right At Home (PHOTOS). 1. Add a splash of color with patterned bedding. Eclectic Bedroom by Dc Metro Interior Designers & Decorators Kirsten Anthony
Kanga Prefab Is A Tiny Home That'll Change Minds About Small Space Living (VIDEO). If you weren't convinced that small can be better, watch this video.
19 Amazing Kitchen Decorating Ideas. More than just a space for cooking and eating, the kitchen is where all of the action in the home takes place. We live in
Weekend DIY Ideas. A couple of cans and a brush go a long way.
8 Outdoor Tiki Bars That Make Us Want To Hula Dance (PHOTOS). 3. When you have a bar like this, it really doesn't matter what the rest of the yard looks like. Tropical Landscape by Cary
7 Rope Crafts That Will Make You Think Rustic Chic (PHOTOS). Add a rustic feeling to any room in the house.
Fast Father's Day Gift. Father's Day is right around the corner! If you haven't gotten Pops or Hubs a gift yet, or are just looking for a little \something extra,\ this printable is sure to put a smile on his face.
Historic Lendal Tower Home In The United Kingdom Will Bring You Back To Medieval Times (PHOTOS). It can be yours... for a hefty price.
HGTV's Suggestion To Turn An American Flag Into A Tablecloth Receives Backlash. Yikes, HGTV, this was a fail.
The Art of the Cheese Plate. Turning cheese into a tr\u00e8s chic display takes a bit of talent but in a few simple tips, you'll be on your way to a fancy cheese plate that'll wow your guests!
Three Cool Garden Projects. Even mighty oak trees start their lives as tiny acorns. If you have the room, the climate and the patience to grow an oak from an acorn, here's how to do it.
8 Votive Crafts That Take Candles To The Next Level (PHOTOS). Candles don't have to be boring, you know.
Play-Doh Was Originally... Wallpaper Cleaner? (PHOTO, VIDEO). It wasn't \something that gets into your parent's rug and stays there for decades.\
Washing Your Delicates In A Colander Is Definitely The Way To Go. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Garden Alert. Plants and pets aren't always a perfect combination. A surprising number of plants, including landscape and houseplant favorites
Bruna Salvador Conforto, Brazilian Artist, Creates 'Friends' Apartment Out Of Paper (PHOTOS). The Brazilian artist made the entire model out of paper, and hand-painted every nook and cranny. The detailing is absolutely
Make The Most Of Small Spaces. Make any room seem larger with new colors and smart furniture and storage solutions. Read more on Real Simple
5 Tech Tips to Simplify Your Life Right Now. For many of us, life can be quite chaotic at times. Between a demanding career, quality time with your spouse and kids, and
Slacking on Rent Payments Can Cost You More Than Late Fees. Get on track, stay on track, and don't let a few late rent payments destroy your future plans -- it's just not worth it.
Five Last-Ditch Efforts for Father's Day. Although getting something for dad has been on your to-do list for weeks, you still haven't been able to cross it off. I know that it's not because you don't care. Dads are just notoriously hard to shop for, and yours is no exception.
5 Beach DIY Ideas That Are Way Better Than Plastic Lounge Chairs (PHOTOS). Now this is how you really make a splash this season.
Patrick and Renee Dubois Used Mostly American-Made Products To Build Their California Home (VIDEO). One couple decide
Aubrey McClendon's House On Lake Michigan Is Everything A Vacation Home Should Be (VIDEO). It boasts one thousand feet of water frontage -- need we say more?
Start-a-Garden Checklist. Whether you're itching to plant azaleas or zucchini\u2015or something in between\u2015you need to do a little handiwork before you
This Tiny Home In California Is One Small Abode We Could Actually Live In (PHOTOS). We're getting ready to pack our bags and head out West.
The World's Most Expensive Motor Home Includes Rooftop Terrace & Bar For $3.1 Million (PHOTOS). ** When we think of caravans, we don't usually associate them with luxury. That was, of course, until we saw the eleMMent
Country Living Appraises A 1892 Presidential Campaign Bandanna (PHOTO). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Do you have a home
Try This Money-Saving Dishwasher Tip In Warm Weather. Here's a terrific tip to use during warm weather
13 Organizing Solutions For Conquering Clutter. Real Simple asked you to ID the small, irksome items that block your path to organizational bliss. (\u201cTake my whisk\u2014please
The Best Planet-Friendly Packing Supplies. It's a relief to clear all that packing material out of your new home once you're finally settled in. Those supplies don't simply disappear when they're out of sight, however. They have to go somewhere, and often that \somewhere\ is a landfill.
Bradley Friesen's Vancouver Bachelor Pad Really Raises The Bar On Single Living (PHOTOS). This is worlds away from the messy man caves we've seen.
$20 Million H2ome Yachting Villa Has Vertical Garden, Luxury Kitchen And Other \Necessities\ (PHOTOS). It's the billionaire's answer to \What shall I do this summer?\
Self-Watering Living Wall Planter. We love the look of a living wall but have always been the tiniest bit intimidated by them. Perhaps we weren't the only ones
Remove Pet Hair From Furniture Without Resorting To Lint Brushes. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
5 Father's Day Ideas From Pinterest That Are Inspiring Us Now (PHOTOS). Would you ever guess you'd get gift ideas from Paypal?
How America Lives. There are so many unfortunate snap judgments that happen when one reveals that they live on the beach in New Jersey, known
10 Indoor Vertical Gardens That Make Potted Plants Look Old School (PHOTOS). They make potted plants look old school.
Weekend DIY Ideas. The last thing you want to be doing this summer is fixing a broken A/C.
Joan Rivers' House In Connecticut Is More Subdued Than We'd Imagine (PHOTOS). We couldn't think of a better way to celebrate than by taking a peek into her home.
10 Outdoor Fire Pits That Will Take A Backyard From Ordinary To Extraordinary (PHOTOS). IV. Contemporary Patio by Santa Monica Landscape Architects & Designers ecocentrix landscape architecture VI. Contemporary
3 Super Easy Ways To Deodorize Your Stinky Shoes. We've all been in those shoes -- no pun intended.
What To Know Before You Buy Marble. Marble has been used by master craftsmen throughout the ages to adorn palace floors, ceilings and walls. Although it was
8 Awesome Bookshelves To Store Your Favorite Reads (PHOTOS). IV. Contemporary Bedroom by Boston Interior Designers & Decorators PLATEMARK DESIGN V. Contemporary Bedroom by East Quogue
Odorantes. It's no wonder this discreet little florist in Saint-Germain-des-Pr\u00e9s is a favorite of Sofia Coppola. Walk inside the doorway
Come Ogle Las Vegas' Most Absurd-Beyond-Words Palace. At this fine hour, on this most auspicious day, and without further ado, here Curbed presents the most over-the-top house
Chris And Colleen Otcasek Discover Fallout Shelter 15 Feet Below Their California Yard (PHOTOS). ** Nuclear engineer Alvin Kaufman installed the shelter in 1961 fifteen feet below ground to protect his family from radiation
Anna Kournikova's Former House In Miami Was Exactly Where We Pictured Her To Live (VIDEO). \Less is more\ might be her style mantra, but doesn't describe her approach to real estate.
5-Minute Centerpiece Ideas For Every Occasion. Short on time? It's still possible to pull together a wow-worthy table arrangement that suits your party style. Create one
Father's Day Printable Cards Any Dad Would Appreciate (PHOTOS). What dad wouldn't appreciate a heartfelt note?
Easy Gardens For Small Spaces. A few extra square feet is more than enough room for one of these gardens. Read more on Real Simple
10 Under $10. Start scouring flea markets, online auctions, and yard sales for these wallet-friendly scores\u2014from miniature busts to prize
A Guide To Renovating Your Outdoor Space. We've got the ins and outs of a backyard renovation.
De-Man Cave or Un-Man Cave? That is the Question.. Not only did I not de-man cave my honey's house, I embraced it. I didn't just incorporate the skulls and the antlers and the rifles and yes, even the shockingly long walrus penis bone my almost-husband has displayed in the master bath into my decorating endeavors, I highlighted them.
What Your Front Door Color Has To Say About Your Personality (PHOTOS). You don't often meet an introvert with a bright orange entryway.
The Messy Myth. Let's talk about messiness. What's your threshold for disorder? Just how many socks can pile up on the floor before you reach
OLS House In Stuttgart, Germany Is As Unconventional As They Come (PHOTOS). If you thought keeping up with the Joneses was hard, wait until you see this.
8 Summer Patio Ideas By Lonny That Will Make You Wish You Had A Backyard (PHOTOS). You can do way more than just add outdoor chairs.
Bring Summer Inside With Bright Orange Decor. It's not always easy to commit to color, but with these bright orange accents, you can bring the bright, summery shade to
More Room, Please. I suppose some people actually park in their garages. We have been in our house for 15 years and have never once used it
Desert Rose Plant Took Five Years To Bloom One Gorgeous Flower (PHOTO). This makes us feel better about our houseplants that, um, never flowered.
Couple Builds Impressive DIY Walkway Using Free Scraps Of Granite (PHOTOS). One couple bravely takes the DIY route -- for very little money.
Top 10. We count down the latest and greatest in time-keeping designs. Read more on Domaine Home
9 Beautiful Bedspreads To Snag For Summer. If you find yourself kicking off your duvet at night, it might be time for a Summer switch up. Read more on Pop Sugar
9 DIY Lampshade Ideas That Will Personalize Your Bedside Table (PHOTOS). Because nothing screams personality like a generic Ikea model.
Decorating With Grey. Expert tips and stylish color pairings make it easy to integrate this neutral shade into your decor. Read more on Real Simple
11 Pretty Porches That Will Have You Feeling Relaxed In No Time (PHOTOS). If these serene porches don't put you at ease, we're not sure what will.
Bath Trends at ICFF. The bath trends at the International Contemporary Furniture Fair (ICFF) reveal a blend luxury and high tech that is more remarkable than ever. Technical sophistication has risen to an aesthetic high making our bath options better than ever.
Tiny Home In Hampton Bays, NY Costs Almost As Much As A Larger House... Anywhere Else (PHOTOS). We wonder if it belongs to a famous celeb or a socialite.
Father's Day Gift Guide. Dad, Grandpa, Hubby... any man in your life might love to see a shoot 'em up film or go to a ball game on Father's Day, but those gifts don't rank very high on the creativity scale.
Jessica Alba's California House Is The Perfect Mix Of Eco-Friendly Designs And Vintage Finds (PHOTOS). This actress just know how to mix substance and style.
Systems For Organizing Your Mail. A few simple methods will keep bills, catalogs, and other mail from piling up. Read more on Real Simple
Things You Need To Know About Buying A Sofa. A sofa is one of the biggest furniture investments you'll make -- and one of the most permanent. Even if you're just buying
7 Lace Crafts That Turn Everyday Items Into Lovely Gifts (PHOTOS). A little bit can turn an everyday item into a lovely gift.
Spark Inbox Envy With These Paperless Invites. Celebrating Summer just got more groovy, thanks to Jonathan Adler's new line for Paperless Post. With 50 original designs
A Look Back At Anderson Cooper and Kathy Griffin's Play Date At His Summer Home (VIDEO). Well, except for all of the hot dogs and teddy bears.
Lessons From Lincoln the Man.... Closely related to this gift of Lincoln, is his use of 'sayings' to drive home his point. \If you can look into the seeds
Four Unexpected Places to Plant a Garden. Innovation is pushing aside the old rules of garden design. No soil to plant? No problem. Gardeners are now growing plants everywhere -- on walls, rooftops, tabletops, even along busy streets. Check out these four.
Decorating With Stripes. The best part about decorating with stripes is that it doesn't matter how they are styled -- they are always classic. Whether
10 Indoor Gardens That Definitely Bring The Outdoors In (PHOTOS). These homes take house plants to the next level.
Two Richard Neutra Homes Go Up For Sale, Offers A Rare Chance To Own A Piece Of History (PHOTOS). These properties have designer cred and rarely come up for sale.
Family Builds Amazing Treehouse For Less Than $300 (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The proud owners of
Eclectic Collector Style. If you want to get the eclectic collector look, I have a shortcut for you
How to Tune Up and Maintain a Lawn Mower. Many homeowners strive for the perfect, emerald-green lawn, which often means that their lawn mower suffers considerable use and abuse. And without regular, preventive maintenance, there's a good chance an overworked lawn mower will sputter out just when you need it most.
10 Kitchen Life Hacks That Will Make Cleaning This Space A Snap (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
10 Homes With French Doors That Are Just So Gorgeous (PHOTOS). We're going to say yes, but what do you think?
The Tipsy Hostess' Guide To Moving, If You Absolutely Must (GIFs). Your martini shaker, for instance, is the last thing you should pack.
10 Stunning Terraces And Balconies That Inspire Us To De-Stress (PHOTOS). These are the perfect places to wind down at the end of a long day.
5 Decorating Ideas For Bedrooms. It\u2019s easy to change the look of a bedroom\u2015without even changing the big stuff. Read more on Real Simple
SodaStream Source, Designed By Yves B\u00e9har, Features An Eco-Friendly Soda Maker Product. We\u2019ve raved about the eco benefits of making your own soda at home via a SodaStream before, and now we\u2019re glad to see that
These Are the Top 5 Sellers Markets in the U.S. Today. Market conditions are highly variable, but using realtor.com's site listing data, we've identified five markets where low median age of inventory combined with rising listing prices indicates that the answer to the selling question may very well be yes.
Keep Cats And Squirrels Out Of Your Garden With This Easy Trick. ** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
7 DIY Lighting Fixtures That You Won't Even Believe You Can Make (PHOTOS). An amazing lamp can really make a space sing. And, while chandeliers are stunning focal points that light up a room, store
Country Living Appraises An Early-20th-Century Diamond Dyes Color Card (PHOTO). Bedroom Design Ideas WHAT IS IT? Click through our slideshow to see other fabulous vintage finds from Country Living. Living
Dress Up An Unused Fireplace. Turn an empty hearth into a real vision with these five easy ideas.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
7 DIY Planter Ideas You Probably Never Thought Of (PHOTOS). There's no need to spend money on expensive holders from the garden center.
Swing Into Summer With These Hanging Chairs - Starting at $67. Nothing screams leisurely fun like a hanging chair on the porch or patio. We're drawn to every style from colorful hammock
10 Stunning Home Bars That Are Always Ready For Guests (PHOTOS). All of the gin, but none of the hassle of a night out. We're certainly inspired.
7 Patriotic Crafts To Enjoy This Memorial Day Weekend (PHOTO). These projects are great ways to show your pride.
Unclog Your Drain With Tablets Of Alka-Seltzer. ** One of the more disgusting chores out there is when you have to unclog your drain -- especially if you don't have any
7 Adorable Picnic Baskets From Etsy That Are Perfect For Outdoor Entertaining (PHOTOS). AKA seven cute ways to hide your booze in the park.
5 Bar Strategies For A Fabulous Party. Follow these tips to make sure your bar is stocked and the drinks keep flowing all party long. Read more on Real Simple
Weekend DIY Ideas. After these quick fixes, you'll be able to relax and enjoy.
7 No-Sew Crafts That Are Ridiculously Easy To Make (PHOTOS). No one has to know that they only took you minutes.
8 Cool Home Aquariums That Are Completely Helping Us De-Stress (PHOTOS). Remember that thing that was stressing you out? Neither can we.
In Full Flowers. Top designers from around the country share their sources for striking flower arrangements. Read more on Elle Decor
10 Stunning Homes With Bridges That Recall A Childhood Dream (PHOTOS). 8. Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada Contemporary Exterior by Other Metro General Contractor grandevista 10. Seattle, Washington
Remove Ketchup Stains And Other Stubborn Spots That Are Bound To Happen During A Memorial Day Party (PHOTOS). In case your friends and family get a little messy.
How to SAVE Money by Hiring an Interior Designer. There are many misconceptions about what an interior designer does. The main one is that they are only for the wealthy, people who are happy to get rid of what they own and subsequently spend outrageous amounts money on pricey goods famously marked up by absurd percentages.
10 Homes With Tennis Courts That Make Us Want To Play Like Venus And Serena Williams (PHOTOS). Take a look at these and prepare to be served.
10 Quick and Easy Home D\u00e9cor Ideas to Update Your Space. Summer is just around the corner, and now is the perfect time to update your space for the season! Here are 10 quick and easy home d\u00e9cor updates that will enliven your home for the warm months ahead.
Paris in the Spring at Caf\u00e9 Pinson, Le Marais. No one can deny the allure of Paris in the spring. We've identified a wonderful little caf\u00e9 that should be on everyone's list for their next visit to the City of Lights.
If You're House Hunting, Consider These 5 Tips. After years in the doldrums, the U.S. housing market is finally showing signs of life. Looking to buy a home? Here are five tips to keep in mind:
Rare Footage Of Jackie Kennedy At Home, From 1957 Talk Show (VIDEO). \I listen to one, and I get sick of it.\
Colin Cowie's Memorial Day Party Ideas Set Out To Make Any BBQ 'Super Chic'. Colin Cowie reveals why you should rethink those paper towels-turned-napkins.
14 Memorial Day Printables To Celebrate In Style (PHOTOS). And you don't have to spend any extra money.
These Amazing Outdoor Kitchens Make Eating Inside Completely Pointless (PHOTOS). 9. Other Metro Photo Credit
Cleaning Your Mailbox Is Super Important Because It's A Germ Hot Spot. Guys, we didn't even think we had to in the first place.
Set Decorator Jennifer Lukehart Talks About Recreating Lucille Austero's Apartment, 'Arrested Development' Homes (PHOTOS). See what's changing on \Arrested Development,\ right down to our favorite neighbor's home.
Fresh Ways To Dress Up A Table. Sixteen ideas that add unexpected fun and color. Read more on Real Simple
Zsa Zsa Gabor Sells Home For $11 Million, Although She Can Stay For 3 More Years (PHOTOS). But, the new owner can't move in just yet for a big reason...
Bathroom Pods Inspired By...Airstream Trailers? (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Jeremiah Brent Gives Easy, DIY Tips On How To Style Your Space (VIDEO). Jeremiah Brent\u2019s passion for interior design started early, when he taught himself how to design and build furniture at the
Liberace's Home In Palm Springs, California, Was Exactly How You Thought It Would Be (VIDEO). We so want to go to there.
5 Bright-Painted Industrial Stools (PHOTOS). The secret weapon for a restaurant interior on a budget? An industrial stool spray-painted a cheery shade (yellow or red
60-Second Centerpieces. Transform your table with these simple yet beautiful arrangements Read more on Real Simple
C.M. Ramesh Residence In India Looks More Like A Stunning Boutique Hotel (PHOTOS). ** At first glance, this luxurious property located in the Jubilee Hills neighborhood of Hyderabad, India appears to be a
Nate Berkus' Office In Chicago Is Totally Nicer Than Where You Work (PHOTOS). Working for a famous designer definitely has its perks.
This DIY 'Starry Night' Lamp Is Incredible (PHOTOS). One homeowner creates a masterpiece using little more than markers.
You Can Fill Small Holes In The Wall With... Soap? (PHOTOS). Why you'll want to keep a bar handy next time you're redecorating.
Waterwise Ways With Lawns. Mmm... we love the smell of freshly cut grass.
The Most Expensive Home In The U.S. Is In Greenwich, C.T. (VIDEO). And we thought $100 million was a lot.
DIY Time Flies Butterfly Clock. The saying goes \time flies when you're having fun\ but how about when your clock has wings? This easy DIY project will give time the ability to fly on the wings of butterflies... now that's fun!
This Is Exactly What You Should Do With An Ugly Fireplace (PHOTOS). We really didn't think this installation was possible on your own, but one homeowner proved us wrong.
5 Tips For Throwing A Dinner Party In A Small Apartment. All week long I've been sharing my spring dinner party on The Kitchn, a party I hosted in my one-bedroom apartment in Brooklyn
Decorating With Red. It's much easier to work with than you think.
Right On Time, The 2013 Kips Bay Show House Listed For Sale. The 2013 Kips Bay Decorator Show House, where 19 prominent designers have worked their magic on an Upper East Side townhouse
Lurch, Mr. Belvedere, Rosario And More TV Housekeepers That Ran The Show (GIFs). Mr. Belvedere, \Mr. Belvedere\ Tony, \Who's The Boss\ Florence, \The Jeffersons\ Geoffrey, \The Fresh Prince Of Bell Air
10 Ridiculously Easy Home Upgrades From House Beautiful's June Issue. Give your house a new look without spending a lot of time or money.
I Can't Believe It's Etsy. We all know what April showers bring, so end the month with a healthy stock of vases fit for every bloom. Etsy is our go
Barbie's Dreamhouse Would Be Hella Expensive If It Were Real (PHOTOS). Barbie's Dreamhouse figured prominently in my youth. To be honest, it was a constant on my wishlist, but my parents deemed
Are Frank Lloyd Wright-Designed Houses More Hassle Than They're Worth? (VIDEO). Check out the video above for more on what goes into purchasing a piece of architectural history. Have something to say? Check
Repurposing Ideas. Who knew the sparkly beverage works wonders around the house?
Scott and Lisa Marie Brooks' House Tour In HGTV Magazine's June Issue Is A Renovation Dream (PHOTOS). With some hard work, a little paint and a lot of love, this house went from drab to fab.
Ecofabulous Shares 10 Eco-Friendly Practices In Celebration Of World Water Day. Take the Levi\u2019s 5 day jean challenge and post your pics! Wash your clothes in cold water and less often. Also, only wash
Danny Seo's Wok Products Are Eco-Friendly From Their Birth To Their Afterlife. Whether you'll be stirring up a free-range chicken on a bed of noodles or some tofu & mixed veggies, a good wok is the key
20-Plus Bedroom DIYs Worth Pinning. Consider a simple bedroom DIY. Without spending a lot of money, you can revamp your space on the fly with a homemade project
The Cork Forest Alliance Collects And Repurposes Discarded Corks. Photo
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
7 Paint-Dipped Crafts That Are So Easy To Make, You'll Be Shocked At Your Skills (PHOTOS). Believe us -- these aren't those intimidating projects you've seen on Pinterest.
Trick That Opens A Pill Bottle In One Move. Simply mold a pack of Sugru, a soft, clay-like rubber adhesive to the top. Allow it to harden for 24 hours. After, the bottle
The Peel-and-Stick Makeover. Light fixtures can be changed. Colors can be painted over. Ugly floors can be covered. They're not all easy projects for
7 Gazebos That Turn Any Backyard Into A Photo Op (PHOTOS). t'll turn even the most humble yards into a photo op.
Liz Lemon Was Right, Shopping At IKEA Is The Worst (VIDEO). Liz Lemon was 100% right.
Weekend DIY Ideas. We have two words for you
Popular Pinterest Crafts That Are Repinned Over And Over Again (PHOTOS). Feel free to repin.
The 10 Most Over-The-Top Wine Cellars That Money Can Buy (PHOTOS). The incredible features that could be yours -- if the price is right.
Move-Up Or Remodel? How Do You Decide?. Making this decision requires a lot of number-crunching. Bringing in a contractor to advise you on the cost of your potential remodel and working with a realtor on a potential sale will give you the data you need to decide whether it's time to stay or go.
22 Outdoor Decor Ideas. Warmer temperatures, bright blue skies, and sunny days are luring you outside. And if you're planning to do any of your eating
7 Unique & Extraordinary Treehouses. Every kid dreams about a treehouse. I still dream about one myself. If you are lucky to live in the country with a big garden
The Most Million-Dollar Homes Can Be Found In These States, According To Point2 (PHOTOS). And the winner is...
Bad Neighbors Are Everywhere. You can pick the perfect home, but not who you will be living next door to.
Prevent Glasses From Breaking In The Dishwasher With Rubber Bands (PHOTO). Say goodbye to worry about broken glasses.
The 6 Absolute Best Paint Colors For Your Front Door (PHOTOS). It's a little tip that can pack a lot of punch.
Thom Filicia Combines Elegance And Comfort In His Latest House Tour Featured In Elle Decor's June Issue (PHOTOS). It's the only way we can think of celebrating his birthday!
Shoe House From HGTV's 'Home Strange Home' Has A Surprisingly Charming Interior (VIDEO). It's not so bad on the inside. We promise.
10 Gorgeous Kitchen Designs That'll Inspire You To Take Up Cooking (PHOTOS). Chandeliers! Stainless steel finishes! Huge islands!
Shell House Discovered in Puerto Rico May Be One Man's Life-Long Craft Project (PHOTOS). One man's souvenir collection takes over his home.
Don't Give Old-Time Luggage The Heave-Ho Just Yet; 4 New Ways To Decorate With Vintage Suitcases. Trends are set; they explode on blogs; prices on Etsy and eBay soar; large retailers like Restoration Hardware and Pottery
10 Secret Rooms And Hidden Passageways To Store Your Treasures Or Get Away From It All (PHOTOS). The one cool feature that no one really needs, but we definitely want.
Yea or Nay to Dogs in the HOA?. HOAs are homes, neighborhoods and communities. These are places where people live. So the rules need to both benefit and support the lifestyle of those who live there.
Nate Berkus Sells His Clothes And Home Accessories On Vaunte (VIDEO, PHOTOS). You can get a piece of the action, too.
How to Have a Hipster Father's Day. It's time to honor dad this Father's Day with a gift that gives his cool side a face-lift. Here are some ideas of how to have a hipster Father's Day for the dad whose edge needs a little sharpening.
16 Tips for An Effortless Outdoor Party. For a truly stress-free party, you want to keep the pests\u2014and the guests\u2014from buzzing in your ear. Here\u2019s how to create a
7 Nail Polish Crafts That Prove The Stuff Is Great For More Than Just Manicures (PHOTOS). You'll never look at your OPI shades the same way.
To-Go Ware's Bamboo Toolkit Is A Sustainable Solution To Disposable Plastic Utensils. It started at an ice cream parlor. To-Go Ware founder Stephanie Bernstein was enjoying a cool treat when struck with the
Mason Jar Ideas That Make Us Love These Containers Even More (PHOTOS). Is there anything you can't do with one of these containers?
Glamorous Ring Door Knockers. Door knockers have been around for centuries, created for the pragmatic purpose of announcing the arrival of guests and, later
Repair, Restructure And Restore Your Skin's Health With This New Serum. Reduce, reuse, recycle \u2013 got it. Now on to a few R\u2019s you may not be as familiar with\u2026 The newest addition to NUDE\u2019s line
Fix Stubborn Carpet Dents With Just An Ice Cube (PHOTOS). Before you rearrange your furniture, you're going to want to read this.
4 Creative Outdoor Lighting Ideas. Keep your party out of the dark with one of these illuminating lighting options. Read more on Real Simple
8 Incredible Yacht And Sailboat Interiors From Architectural Digest (PHOTOS). The incredible interiors rival those of mansions.
Versace's Home And 5 Other Fashion Personalities' Mansions For Sale Now (PHOTOS). We're wondering who would be willing to buy it...
7 Homes Without Neighbors Where You Can Really Get Away From It All (PHOTOS). Is it lonely or a luxury?
Ron van der Ende, Artist, Recycles Wood Scraps To Create Bas-Relief Sculptures (PHOTOS). Whether you\u2019re into diamonds, campfires, big pieces of meat, or classic mix tapes, Rotterdam based artist Ron van der Ende
Cher Is Selling Her House And It's As Amazing As You'd Imagine It Would Be (PHOTO). PHOTO
Stray Dog Designs Camilla Chandelier, An Eco-Friendly Alternative To Typical Candelabras. Whenever you entertain guests, the kitchen and dining room tables take center stage and receive a lot of time in the spotlight
Premier Copper Products Houses A Collection Of Decay-Proof Appliances. The Huffington Post is proud to present a story originally published by Ecofabulous. Though they look like relics from a
Lemperle Glass House Residence Is Seriously A Home Lover's Dream (PHOTOS). It's so beautiful, it's almost not fair.
TerraMai Transforms Neglected Wood Resources Into Unique, High-Performance Flooring. Jump on the train headed towards Sustainability Central
'Freedom Room' Is A Model For Tiny Homes Inspired By Prison Inmates' Experiences (PHOTOS). Many of the tiny homes we've come across have interesting backstories, but this model for living small is particularly unusual
Kate Middleton Reportedly Shopping For Home Decor In London (PHOTOS). If there was ever a time we'd want to meet the Dutchess, it's right now.
A Luxuriously Hydrating Body Serum By Duchess Marden. We\u2019ve praised Duchess Marden\u2019s fit-for-a-a-queen line of eco-luxe skin care before (it\u2019s no secret that it\u2019s one of Zem\u2019s
Country Living Appraises A Late-19th-Century Chaise Longue. The buyer had no idea they were getting gem.
Clean Your Oven Easily Without Using Chemicals. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
9 Things You Can Do To Save Water. Use these guidelines to see how many gallons you can conserve each year. Read more on Real Simple
San Francisco's 'Painted Ladies' Are Our Inspiration Of The Day (PHOTO). Painted Ladies, Alamo Square San Francisco ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest
Scotch Naturals. It\u2019s 5 o\u2019clock somewhere. Beauty geeks and mixologists alike are loving Scotch Naturals, a line of water-based, non-toxic
The Perfect Combination. What does a sweet tooth and sustainable skin care have in common? We\u2019re here to report on an indulgent intersection. For
ProFlowers Receives Barrage Of Twitter Complaints Following Bad Mother's Day Bouquets (PHOTO). This is the second time they've dropped the ball during a major holiday this year.
Bacon Candle Added To Yankee Candle's Man Collection Would Definitely Be Ron Swanson-Approved (VIDEO). Just in case you wanted your home to smell like an IHOP.
Kathryn Ireland Shows Off Her Elegant Yet Comfortable Home In Rue Magazine (PHOTOS). You know this means plenty of mixed patterns and a ton of pillows.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list
A Shark House Has Us Believing That Really, Anything Is Possible (VIDEO). We can only imagine how you'd explain to the deliveryman how to find the front door. Check out the video above and prepare
Ironing Clothes With Aluminum Foil Saves Time And Money (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Guys, this seriously might be the most useful life hack ever.
Inside Katharine Hepburn's Home In Connecticut (VIDEO). We expected a little modernizing, but this went a bit too far.
Fix A Vacuum Cleaner. When you want it to literally -- not figuratively -- suck.
The One-Day Garden Makeover. Need a little help turning your neglected backyard into the kind of place you'd want to actually spend time in? We asked
Shoe Storage Ideas That Look Nothing Like A Pile At The Bottom Of Your Closet (PHOTOS). 2.Weedman Design Partners/Houzz Contemporary Entry by Portland Interior Designer Weedman Design Partners Do you have a home
15 Free Mother's Day Ideas That Will Come In Handy This Weekend (PHOTOS). In case you've forgotten, tomorrow's the big day.
10 Stunning Home Theaters That Will Put Your Local Multiplex To Shame (PHOTOS). With one of these, there's no reason to silence your phone ever again.
Throw A Great Gatsby-Inspired Party. Who doesn't love throwing that unforgettable party? Get inspired to take it to the next level as we show you how to create
Do You Find Yourself Falling for These 12 Familiar Myths About Clutter?. No, you really don't need that pink easy-bake oven.
Clean Vases With Gravel To Easily Get Into Those Hard-To-Reach Places (PHOTOS). You'll be surprised by how these little pebbles can be put to work.
Fredrik Eklund, 'Million Dollar Listing New York' Star, Puts His Apartment On The Market (PHOTOS). Looks like this realtor knows what he's doing.
Dolan Geiman Uses Reclaimed Wood To Create Whimsical Works Of Art (PHOTOS). The Huffington Post is proud to present an article originally published by Ecofabulous. The urban folk art of American artist
Nate Berkus' Mom, Nancy Golden, Is Really That Awesome (PHOTOS). Prepare for your \aw\ moment of the day.
It's National Public Gardens Day 2013! Enjoy These Beautiful Botanical Spaces (PHOTOS). We've got amazing photos from 10 of the best botanical spaces in America.
Margie Ruddick, Noted Landscape Designer, Wins Prestigious Cooper-Hewitt National Design Award (PHOTOS). She's earned a big honor for her truly stunning outdoor projects.
Last-Minute Mother's Day Gift Ideas That Mom Will Actually Appreciate (VIDEO, PHOTOS). To watch full segment, head over to HuffPost Live, and click through our slideshow to see fabulous homemade gift options
If Storage And Closets Make Your Heart Sing With Joy, Then These Are The Cities For You (PHOTOS). Well, now we know where we're moving to.
6 Great Guest Beds. Convertible sleeping options to suit every type of visitor. Read more on Real Simple
L'uvalla. Who says beauty is only skin deep? L\u2019uvalla\u2019s line of 100% natural and certified organic (there\u2019s a difference between natural
One Tin To \Salve\ All Your Problems. Sometimes life assaults us with an arsenal of ailments \u2013 from sunburns to bug bites to headaches and joint pain. What if
Apartment Therapy's Small, Cool Contest Features A Stunning Tiny Space (PHOTOS). Our friends at Apartment Therapy are holding their annual \Small, Cool\ contest, which sets out to find the best in -- you
10 Funny Embroidery Designs From Etsy That Will Make Your Day (PHOTOS). It's the kind of humor grandma probably wouldn't understand.
Miley Cyrus' Haunted London Home Takes The Spotlight In Elle UK (PHOTOS). We totally think she should turn this into a \Paranormal Activity\ movie -- if Liam Hemsworth is it.
'Million Dollar Listing New York' Stars Share Words Of Wisdom On Buying And Selling Property (VIDEO). Watch the full segment on HuffPost Live. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr
The 8 Best Online Magazines For Those Who Love Decor, Crafts And All Things Home (PHOTOS). For even more style inspiration, check our our favorite TV shows. We may not have the \touch\ when it comes to keeping our
Ting Repurposes Seatbelt Material To Create Comfortable Eco-Friendly Sling Hammocks (PHOTOS). The Sling is available at a number of retail locations as well as online. We\u2019ve seen eco-friendly hammocks before (you can
Kate Middleton Reportedly Hired The Queen's Housekeeper, Antonella Fresolone, For Her New Home (PHOTOS). It's okay, she's totally cool with it.
Dining Etiquette. I am always in the company of bright minds that have wonderful questions. Most of these questions revolve around the dinner table, and the most commonly asked question is, \How can I tell which is my bread plate?\
Ellen DeGeneres Opens Her Home To Firefighters After California Wildfire (VIDEO, PHOTOS). During the California wildfire, the comedian stepped up and helped out.
Su Blackwell, UK Artist, Transforms Dusty Old Books Into Beautiful Works Of Sculpture (PHOTOS). Don't count those bird watching encyclopedias out just yet.
Most Americans Use Outdoor Spaces For Relaxation, According To PLANET Survey (PHOTOS). When the warm days of May roll around (soon we hope!), dining al fresco, gardening and reading in the backyard or on on the
'Play Misty For Me' House Up For Sale (PHOTOS). If the nostalgic aspect of this home doesn't lure you in, the jaw-dropping views sure will. Set on the cliffs overlooking
Clean A Washing Machine With...Vinegar? (PHOTOS). We know...we don't get it either.
Modern Dollhouse Room Will Totally Trick Your Eye (PHOTO). Even a seasoned editor couldn't tell what was up.
Please Don't Call This a Trade Show. Each February (and again in August), Messe Frankfurt hosts Ambiente, the world's largest  consumer goods and indoor trade fair. This winter's show featured 42 kilometers of aisles in 27 halls.
Shine Leather Furniture With Peanut Butter -- Really! (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Forget fancy polishes -- what your couch needs can be found in your cupboard.
Target Dollhouse In Grand Central Is Probably Bigger Than Your Apartment (PHOTOS, VIDEO). PHOTOS
Solving the Arrested (Real Estate) Developer Once and for All. In 1925, the world population was about 2 billion and by 2025 that number will have quadrupled. How are we going to house all of these people? Efficient spaces. It's time to put an end to arrested development.
Martha Stewart Had No Time For Robert Redford, Paul Newman. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Turn Unused Dinnerware Into a Unique Jewelry Tray. Want to turn a few unused items into an elegant, masterfully designed DIY project? All you need are a few pieces of dinnerware and a pair of candlesticks!
The Razor Residence In La Jolla, California May Be The Real 'Iron Man' House (PHOTOS). We can see why some say that this is \Iron Man\ Tony Stark's place.
Jane Fonda Kit House Is One Tiny Home That Will Keep You Fit (VIDEO, PHOTOS). There's just too much awesomeness in this little space.
Do Moms-to-Be Deserve Mother's Day Gifts?. With Mother's Day coming up, it's a no-brainer that you'll be plotting gifts for mom, but what about your friend, sister, or coworker who is a mom-to-be? The \Royal Pregnancy\ has us all talking about the mom-to-be as a new category for Mother's Day altogether.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Want to add some
House Cats. The problems associated with owning a pet could fill volumes. As a relatively new cat owner, I did not expect my life (and my house) to be turned upside down with the invasion of flea eggs and flea larvae.
How To Fix A Broken Mug. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
Country Living Appraises A 1950 Doily Stretcher. What's It Worth
Mapping the History of American Homes, One Decade at a Time. Would you rather have a newly-built home or a piece of local history? Across America today, you can find homes for sale that were built as long ago as the 19th century or as recently as yesterday.
Freud & His Couch. This sofa has changed many minds over the years.
Fluffy Company Designs Hanging Mobiles Made From Recycled Wood Fiber (PHOTOS). This story was originally published on Ecofabulous. You may have long outgrown your need to be hummed and lulled to sleep
Re-Baroque, An Eco-Friendly Design Company, Builds Stylish Upcycled Sound Frames (PHOTOS). This story was originally published on Ecofabulous. Based in Brooklyn, Re-Baroque is now sold on the West Coast at San Francisco\u2019s
Jason DeCaires Taylor's Underwater Art Installation Takes Green Creativity To Another Level (PHOTOS). The Huffington Post is proud to present an Ecofabulous story. Boy oh boy, do I have some fabulous art for you today. The
Cleaning The Toilet With Coca-Cola, Gatorade And Other Weird Products Is The Way To Go (PHOTOS). Why not give these unusual cleaning tricks a try?
Positive vs. Negative Dog Training. Though I'm often called the miracle worker, it's the dogs that always impress me.  The most forgiving and trusting of all the earth's creatures, I'm left in awe of their healing abilities.
12 Amazing Birdhouses That Are Better Than Your Home, Sorry (PHOTOS). Have you ever noticed how sweet some of our feathered friends have it? Like, really. They can FLY, eat freely, and many times
The Tipsy Hostess' Guide To Cinco de Mayo (GIFs). Our gin-soaked correspondent reveals the secret to party success.
Star Wars Day Has Us Wanting To Visit Rancho Obi-Wan (PHOTOS). We can think of only one place where we\u2019d want to celebrate this occasion.
Cinco De Mayo Ideas. This is a sure way to bring some flavor (other than booze) to your party.
Ernest Hemingway's House In Key West Has Charm, Cats And A Urinal Fountain (PHOTOS). There's something in the garden that might raise your eyebrows.
12 Tips For Rentals To Make Them Feel Like Home, Without Ticking Off Your Landlord (PHOTOS). Make it stylish... without ticking off your landlord.
Holly Golightly's Apartment In 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' Teaches Us 9 Important Lessons (VIDEO). Lesson #1
Mother's Day 2013. May 12 is just around the corner.
5 Outdoor Design Ideas That Are Trending. And why Baby Boomers are the ones to thank for these hot styles.
Cool Gifts For Hot Moms!. Mother's Day. Oh the pressure! How does one thank Mom for all that she's done for us through the years? In case you're totally stumped and five minutes away from ordering a fruit basket, just stop. I took care of you, whether your budget is limited or lavish. Check out my top picks this year!
9 Decor Magazines That Folded But We Wish Were Still Around (PHOTOS). There's still a hole in every design fan's heart for Domino.
Joan Holloway's Tips For Finding A Roommate On 'Mad Men'. \No dull men tolerated.\
Retro Cool, Toffee Tones and Hands. The 2013 L.A. Modernism show is a chic and curated event that hits the city and captures over sixty exhibitors showing design, decorative and art from across the 20th century. Cool local artists, retailers and companies were on hand this past week and did not disappoint with amazing collections.
7 Reasons Why Photographs Can Boost Your Happiness. 7. Taking photographs can act as a diary. I'm always trying to figure out ways to keep hold of memories. My one-sentence
Caroline Kennedy Selling Martha's Vineyard Land For A Hefty Sum. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Lea Michele's California House Gets A Makeover By Domaine's Editor-At-Large Estee Stanley (PHOTOS). It's a long way from Rachel Berry's New York City apartment.
How to Repurpose This Spring. When you're spring cleaning this season, here's something new to try
Ecofabulous Creates Truly Eco-Friendly Show Home For Dwell On Design (PHOTOS). With so many nooks and crannies to examine, the photo tour makes exploration a magical treat.
Haand's Beautiful Housewares Is Made From An Efficient Process (PHOTO). North Carolina-based Haand studio found a fan in Ecofabulous founder Zem when she spotted them at Dwell on Design. \u201cI especially
The Seaweed Bath Co. Delivers Nutrient-Rich Beauty Products. So perhaps \u201cBladderwrack\u201d isn\u2019t the most soothing name you\u2019ve heard in a while. But when this nutrient-rich seaweed is sustainably
The Most Eco-Friendly Razor Around. Reuse is one of the basic tenants of being Ecofabulous, but when life paves your road with stubble, you may need to shave
This Bag Is Totes Chic. Today\u2019s the day to stop carrying that yawn-inducing reusable tote with your grocery store\u2019s logo on it, and start sporting
'Creepy Plastic Fetuses' And 5 Other 'Gifts' Etsy Suggests For Hard-To-Shop-For People (PHOTOS). What, you don't need a teeny tiny plastic fetus? Weirdo.
Neenah, Wisc. Family Discovers Fully Stocked Fallout Shelter In Their Backyard (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Watch the video above to check out this time capsule from the '60s and check out some of the photos from the shelter in our
Ecofabulous Endorses 'Prefabulous & Almost Off The Grid' Book By Sheri Koones (PHOTO). A glimpse into 30 of the most energy-efficient homes in the US.
A Conversation With Decorator Grant K. Gibson. The aesthetic of San Francisco-based decorator Grant K. Gibson is all about mixing magazine-ready chic-ness with a livable quality. Definitely not the you-can't-touch-this-it's-too-precious look. Here Grant talks about creating beautiful spaces and putting that iPhone down every now and then.
Spaceship House In Athens, Greece Is Perfect For A Star Trek Fan (PHOTOS). OK, so it's not really straight out of the cult favorite Star Trek, but it looks damn close. The residence, located in Athens
20 Homes That Look Like Faces, With Expressions From Happy To Mildly Peeved (PHOTOS). It's like they're all staring back at you.
Frank Sinatra's House Is A Mid-Century Dream (PHOTOS). His California home is a mid-century dream -- down to the retro wallpaper.
Inside Chef Daniel Boulud's Stunning Kitchen Featured In The May Issue Of Elle Decor (PHOTOS). All we want to know is
Make Your Own Potpourri With Tea Leaves (PHOTOS). Forget expensive sprays and wall plug-ins, this repurposing idea is the way to go.
8 Charming Vase Crafts You Can Make For Mother's Day 2013 (PHOTOS). And they'll match her style, too.
12 Quirky Bath Mats You'd Actually Want To Own (PHOTOS). You totally need an old-timey whale in your bathroom.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Prince William And Kate Middleton's Rumored Home Renovations Could Be Delayed Due To An Archaeological Dig (PHOTOS). A startling find on the property could impact a rumored \royal makeover.\
Home Economics More Important Than Math Or Science Suggests 1955 Video. We're all for developing home skills, but this is ridiculous.
Hammer Trick Uses A Bobby Pin To Help While Holding A Nail In Place (PHOTOS). Before you even start your next DIY project, you\u2019re going to want to read this.
How Decorating With Books Personalizes A Home. Who would have guessed that reading materials warms up a room.
'The Great Gatsby' Was Inspired By These Gorgeous Homes (PHOTOS, VIDEOS). The jury's still out on the actual mansions that influenced Fitzgerald, but we have a hunch these are the top candidates.
Country Living Appraises Midcentury Tiffany & Co. Luggage. We had no idea this famous company made luggage.
Let's Take A Look At Jerry Seinfeld's Gorgeous Telluride House In Honor Of His Birthday (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The 14,000-square-foot
In Praise Of Think-Proof Shopping. Shopping for the smartest, safest products around isn\u2019t always easy \u2014 which is why we\u2019re always glad to see resources like
A Soft Approach From Nourish Organic. Who doesn't want silky, smooth, deliciously touch-me-now skin? (We sure do!). That's why we're slightly obsessed with the
We Found The Perfect Lip Balm. If there\u2019s one thing that absolutely must be in your handbag, it\u2019s hellomellow\u2019s Kiddo Dry Skin Eraser. Designed for kids
Modfire Uses Green Technology To Make Fireplaces Eco-Friendly. Modfire found several ways to make fireplaces greener.
Potted Store's Outdoor Products Create Beautiful Spaces. According to our friends at Ecofabulous, an outdoor space outfitted by this company will make you want to stay longer.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. And it doesn't even need music to get the party started.
Stunning Pics Of An Abandoned Farmhouse Where The Bed Is Still Made (PHOTOS). This rare glimpse into the past is either creepy, sad or amazing.
Did Taylor Swift Pay $17 Million For A Mansion In Rhode Island? (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Either way, we're impressed
Our Vietnamese Hearts. There is, along with a fledgling civil society, a growing middle class, and a slow erosion of the political barricade as
New Uses For Old Things Like Jeans, Wine Corks And Egg Cartons (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Mother's Day 2013 Is Coming, Here Are 10 Free Printables (PHOTOS). Fire up your printer.
This Weekend, Tackle These 7 Home Tasks That Most Of Us Put Off (PHOTOS, VIDEOS). C'mon, it's time to do something about that weird hole in the wall.
6 Budget Hacks for Spring Cleaning. Spring is finally here -- and with it comes the annual desire to clear clutter and start the season with a clean slate. Spring cleaning is a tedious but necessary task that can often be a budgetary burden if not managed thoughtfully.
Gwyneth Paltrow \u2018Humiliated' By Dress, But Still Has Awesome Homes (VIDEO, PHOTOS). It\u2019s not how you dress that matters, but rather, the home you put that dress on in.
8 Amazing Outdoor Fireplaces We Want In Our Dream Homes (PHOTOS). These are so nice, we'd keep them blazing even in the dead of summer.
How A Closet Collapse Is The Sign That I've Hit Rock Bottom With My Hoarding Habit. My mom is a hoarder. And now I'm becoming one, too.
Remove Dark Wood Furniture Scratches With Coffee Grounds (PHOTOS). The best part of your breakfast can help save a favorite piece of furniture.
Home Safety Guide. It's a checklist worth looking over.
10 Of America's Most Expensive Homes Worth Over $100 Million (PHOTOS). Ballrooms! Elevators! Movie theaters!
The Astor Family's Rokeby Estate Has Become A Rundown Mansion, Not Unlike 'Grey Gardens'  (PHOTOS). See why we're calling this another \Grey Gardens.\
Celine Dion's Shoes Need Their Own House, Maybe Even Their Own Zipcode (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Even her toddler loves shoes.
20 Tiny Homes From Around The World (PHOTOS, VIDEO). You'll never feel more grateful for the elbow space you have.
How To. Dads, help your children give mom the best homemade Mother's Day gift she could possibly ask for -- that's right, breakfast in bed. Here are some tips on how to ensure this operation is a success and not a disaster!
The Overachiever's Guide To Ridiculously Thorough Spring Cleaning (PHOTOS). When was the last time you ironed your ribbons, hm?
Time To Call The Roof Repair Guy? These Tips Will Tell You When (PHOTOS). Including the signs that you need to call in a professional -- stat.
Shea Soucie And Martin Horner, Chicago-Based Interior Designers, Tell Us Which Big Mistake To Avoid (PHOTOS). It's a design element that you probably already have.
Clean Up Broken Glass With...Play-Doh? (PHOTOS). One of our favorite childhood toys can help with a cleaning chore that only adults should handle.
6 Houseplants That Are Low-Maintenance And Easy To Care For (PHOTOS). There's now officially no excuse for black-thumb gardeners.
Kate Middleton Could Be Your Neighbor, If You Bought Carlton Terrace (PHOTOS). Yeah, we're pretty excited at the prospect, too.
The Worst Volunteer Position in America. For most people the investment in their home is the most critical investment in their lives. Yet, many people spend more time investigating which model of car to purchase, compared to what they are getting into with a HOA.
Styling A Small Pop Up Studio With A DIY Approach (PHOTOS). This designer had a trick up his sleeve when he created this pop-up shop.
Barbra Streisand's Birthday Is A Reminder To Check Out Her Dream House And That Street Of Shops (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Let's just take a moment to check out that street of shops.
Charlotte Moss Reveals Her East Hampton Home's Amazing Gardens In Veranda's May/June Issue (PHOTOS). Where the designer goes to unwind and relax.
How To Build The Perfect Container Garden, According To Dave Epstein (VIDEO). The key is to start small and observe the rule of three.
Mother's Day 2013 Gift Ideas From Andrea Stanford, Vintage Expert For One Kings Lane (PHOTOS). Forget the mall. These fabulous presents can be had from the comfort of your own home.
Vanilla Ice To Host New TV Show About DIY (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Tim Clarke. Traveling the world is great, but bringing your experience into your home may not be.
Home Improvements Instead Of Sex? Americans Would Give It Up, According To Redbeacon's 'Do It For Me' Survey (PHOTOS). It's a wonder what people would be willing to live without in order to have a perfect home.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia
How a Tory Burch Store Inspired a Home Makeover. Whatever your style is, always remember that decor inspiration is literally everywhere... even in your favorite store!
The Real Cinnamon Challenge. And none of them involve the inability to breath because you ate it -- cool, right?
How To Store A Silk Scarf To Prevent Wrinkles And Stay Organized (PHOTOS). It's one good reason why you shouldn't throw the rolls away after the paper is gone.
Design Development NYC Rebuilds Hurricane Sandy Victims' Home For Free (VIDEO). It started with an alumni community's effort to help their beloved coach.
Weird Things In The Bathroom Are Nothing New (PHOTOS). Check out the nine weirdest toilets we've ever seen
Stop Jeans From Shrinking With This Easy Trick. This easy laundry trick will make sure you look as good as George Michael in \Faith.\
Country Living Appraises A 1952 Literary Map. It's a true testament to American culture -- and it's worth a lot of money.
16 Eco-Friendly Products For The Home In Honor Of Earth Day 2013 (PHOTOS). Going green just got easier!
America's Evolving Values. Regardless of where they love, young married Americans are much more likely to have purchased a home before marriage than members of the Boomer generation. It's an interesting and significant cultural shift in the timing and order in which people buy homes.
How to Survive a Plague. Maybe those demonic brooders aren't even now lurking just below the surface of the Earth, stretching their hexad limbs and blinking awake their millions of smoldering atomic eyes after their 17-year nap.
The Kennedys' New York Residence Completes An Eco-Friendly Remodel (PHOTOS). The Kennedy's have a commitment to sustainability.
Abandoned Home In Bodie, California 'Ghost Town' Gives Us A Peek Into The Past (PHOTOS). What's even weirder is the location of this eerie abode.
Coffee Talk. The work of the interior designer is so much harder than that of the event designer. Why? Our clients go on a fun, creative journey with us when we plan and design their events, BUT they only need to commit to the look and feel of their party worlds for five or six hours tops.
Inside Mika Brzezinski And Jim Hoffer's Gorgeous 1920s English Tudor Home Designed By Larry Burns (PHOTOS). Find out why the \Morning Joe\ host's husband was \a little horrified at first.\
Life Without a Refrigerator. Life without a refrigerator might seem unimaginable
10 DIY Mother's Day Gift Ideas That You Can Start Now (PHOTOS). We all know what happens when you wait until the last minute
Tara Heibel. Contrary to common belief, it's actually better when it's thriving inside.
New Uses For Lemons, Vinegar, Vodka And Our Other Best Repurposing Ideas (PHOTOS). With a \new\ use for nearly everything in your kitchen, who needs to ever buy cleaning products?
9 Gorgeous Beach Houses That Have Us Dreaming Of Summer (PHOTOS). Are we getting a little ahead of ourselves by daydreaming about these?
9 Weekend DIY Ideas That Will Inspire Your Inner Landscaper (PHOTOS). There's no reason not to get out there and enjoy the spring weather.
Neil Patrick Harris And David Burtka Reportedly Leaving Their Gorgeous California Home For New York City (VIDEO, PHOTOS). He's in the market for a new place, but how can you really top this?
A Dutch Church In Utrecht, Netherlands Is Converted Into A Chic Private Home (PHOTOS). Who knew you could convert these into homes?
VerTerra's Dinnerware Line Is An Eco-Friendly Alternative To Plastic, Paper And Styrofoam. It'll save your local landfill any unnecessary disposable items.
Taylor Swift Looks At Rhode Island Mansion, Has Us Wondering Who She's Crushing On Now (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The home was last sold
Inspirational Quotes To Get Us All Through One Helluva Week (PHOTOS). It's been a rough week. Take a moment to look at these quotes and remember there is humanity left in the world.
Tiny Home In Spokane, Washington Has Become A Source Of Happiness For Its Owners (PHOTOS). When you see the \before,\ you'll be amazed by the homeowners' vision.
Clean Rubber Spatulas Because They're A Germ Hot Spot. Even if you're just using them for baking, it's essential to to pay extra attention to these kitchen tools.
Jayne Mansfield's Home Was A Crazy Pink Palace (VIDEO). What is it with heart-shaped swimming pools and old Hollywood homes?
Spring Cleaning Your Living Room Is Easy With This Checklist (PHOTOS). We've got your couches, televisions and even your DVDs covered.
American Flags And Other Vintage Patriotic Decor Are Hot Trends In Interior Design (PHOTOS). One expert reveals why everyone's hot for vintage Americana.
Lance Armstrong Reportedly Buys New Home On Austin Lake In Texas (PHOTOS). Not too bad for someone facing multiple lawsuits.
Maxwell Ryan, Apartment Therapy Founder, Shares Small Space Tips On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). It can fool your eyes into thinking the room is much bigger.
'Up In The Air Somewhere's' Gold Point Vessel Keeps The Office Organized In Style. It's especially handy for those stray paper clips and supplies.
8 Tiny Homes With Adorable Tiny Porches (PHOTOS). You'll definitely need some fresh air when you live in a place this small.
Mother's Day Ideas From Our Favorite Pinterest Accounts (PHOTOS). These Pinterest boards have so many options, it's nearly inexcusable to resort to a Whitman's Sampler.
Stress-Reducing Colors. This story appears in Issue 46 of our weekly iPad magazine, Huffington, in the iTunes App store, available Friday, April
Nate Berkus And Jeremiah Brent Step Out In Matching Denim Outfits In New York City (PHOTO). When you're in a committed relationship, matching denim is apparently a must.
Christina Aguilera's Alleged New House Comes With Famous Neighbors (PHOTOS). If this is true, her new home has a salt-water pool, perfect for entertaining the \Anger Management\ star.
Fire in Your House?. I would double-check my homeowner insurance policy if I were you. If this happens, you will be forced to pay to repair the
10 Celebrity Dining Rooms From Architectural Digest That Make Us Want To Throw A Dinner Party (PHOTOS). Plus, nine other celebrity dining rooms that are worlds away from the standard table-and-chairs set-up.
Christopher Meloni, 'Law & Order. In real estate, the crime of selling a stunning home is considered especially heinous. DUN DUN
Clean A Chandelier With Help From Your...Hair Dryer?. We've got the answer, but first you'll have to grab a trusty beauty tool.
The 9 Germiest Places In Your Kitchen. CORRECTION 5/8
Mother's Day Gift Ideas for Every Room in the House. Whether your mom prefers chats over tea in the kitchen or movie nights on the couch in the living room, I've rounded up a few of my favorite Mother's Day gift ideas for every room in the house that are sure to please.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. This eclectic mix
The Definitive Guide to Make Spring Cleaning Easier. Whether you rent or own, your mind's probably going towards the junk under the bed, cobwebs in the corner, how to get bikes or other recreational equipment ready for the sunny months.
Gabby Douglas Stars In A Nike Ad, Cracks Us Up (VIDEO). We've all been there. After an exhausting day at work, a cramped subway ride home and the milk that you forgot to pick up
A Conversation With The Rug Company's Co-founder Suzanne Sharp. Suzanne Sharp, the founder and creative director of The Rug Company recently launched three new geometric rug designs. The rugs are handmade in Nepal using only the finest Tibetan wools.
14 Before-And-After DIY Paint Transformations From Our Favorite Design Bloggers (PHOTOS). A little bit of color goes a long way.
How A Tragedy Made Me Realize The Meaning Of Home. Before 9/11, I never thought of my apartment as anything other than the four walls that kept me sheltered.
7 Inspirational Quotes That Remind Us To Find Comfort In Our Homes (PHOTOS). When tragedy hits, these timeless quotes prompt us to remember the important things in life.
Kittens, Flowers And More Spring Scenes That Inspire Positivity (PHOTOS). Even through times of darkness, it's important to see the light through the good in the world.
Clean Your Car With Hair Conditioner To Make It Shine. Who wouldn't want their Ford to shine as bright as their hair?
Are Moving Vans At The Osbourne House A Sign That Sharon And Ozzy Are Headed For Divorce? (PHOTOS). We're not so sure.
Country Living Appraises A 1940s Drunkometer Diagram. It's called a 'Drunkometer' -- enough said.
Inside Tom Scheerer's 'Old-Fashioned' Brooklyn Townhouse Project, Featured In House Beautiful's May 2013 Issue (PHOTOS). And why this designer said, \I don't think anyone can accuse me of being fashionable, or fashion-forward.\
Don't Be the Last Person to Get Backyard Chickens. From the rooftops of Brooklyn to the backyards of Seattle, recreational chicken ranching is increasingly popular in urban and suburban neighborhoods. At the rate this agrarian hobby is growing it's only a matter of time until you have a few hens of your own.
Martha Stewart's 4 Essential Tips For Small-Space Decorating (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
10 Cool Crafts That Give Your Kitchen Personality (PHOTOS). Who needs Anthropologie? These fast, stylish projects won't set back your budget.
Sprout Home Plant of the Week. For more great ideas, be sure to look through Tara Heibel's Plant Of The Week slideshow below. Do you have a home story idea
Belgian Water Tower Transformed Into A Beautiful High-Tech Home (VIDEO). Find out what this former water house from 1938 looks like now.
9 Weekend DIY Ideas For Your Entryway That Will Welcome Guests Without Saying A Word (PHOTOS). Nine ways to welcome guests without saying a word.
10 Pretty Container Gardens That Are Perfect For Any Home (PHOTOS). You can create a gorgeous outdoor space, no matter how much room you have.
The Best Time To Sell A House Is...(PHOTOS). Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel, confirmed our beliefs in a recent New York Times piece
With LivingHomes CK Series, A Sustainable Home Is In Reach (PHOTOS). And in most states, they're available for only $250,000 \u2013 $370,000.
Clean Porch And Patio Screens To Maximize Your Lounging Pleasure. The earlier you do this, the more pleasure you'll get from your space.
Top 40 Reasons to Buy Casey Kasem's Mansion. This week brought the news that legendary radio personality Casey Kasem and his wife Jean Kasem were putting their Holmby Hills mansion on the market for a cool $42 million. Sure, it's pricey, but here are 40 reasons to buy it...
13 Mad Men-Style Homes You Can Buy Now. The popularity of the hit drama Mad Men has almost single handedly brought 1960s-style home interiors back en vogue. From furniture to wallpaper, the retro style of the mid-century modern era is suddenly all the rage.
Spring Scented Candles To Match Your Home Decor Style (PHOTOS). So toss those tea lights, as we've selected seven spring candles to match your home decor style. Whether your dining table
How To Clean And Disinfect Your Reusable Water Bottle Easily. You want to make sure that while you're protecting Mother Earth, you're still doing a good job at guarding yourself from
A Wireless Charger Built Into A Nightstand Is The Coolest IKEA Hack We've Come Across (VIDEO). This is one IKEA hack we can't wait to try.
A Conversation With Furniture Designer Craig Van Den Brulle. Craig Van Den Brulle is a well-known name in the design circles. He has a store in New York which sells pedigreed antique and vintage furniture and home accents.
A Valuable Guide To Kitchen Remodeling Costs. Houzz shares a guide to help keep your project in budget.
April's Best Buys. April is probably the month we spend the least because we are holding off to see what we will be giving to Uncle Sam. But if you're in a spending mood this month, here's where you will find some of the best deals.
Put Some Spring in Your Move. Most people assume summer is the ideal time to move -- kids are out of school, vacation time away from work is routine and the weather usually cooperates. But the realities are that scheduling a household move in spring actually makes much more sense.
Clean Wood Furniture By Rubbing It Down With Beer. The solution can be found in your fridge.
A Spring Cleaning Checklist Just For Bedrooms That'll Make Any Task A Breeze (PHOTOS). This checklist breaks down a handful of tasks to make this chore as painless as humanly possible.
'Crooked House' In Sopot, Poland Is Like A Children's Book Come To Life (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Get ready to do a double take when you see this really wonky house.
10 Apartment Views From Around The World We Wish Were Ours (PHOTOS). Does your glimpse from home compete with these? Share your photos with us!
A Small Paris Apartment That Could Fit In Your Dorm Room (PHOTOS). This teeny apartment is the epitome of efficiency, and, as such, there's no room for clutter. Likewise, the furnishings are
Repurposing Ideas Give New Use To Tic Tac Boxes. They'll be more useful this spring than you'd guess.
Janie Bryant, 'Mad Men' Costume Designer, Opens Her Eclectic Home To Elle Decor (PHOTOS). There's not a hint of Don Draper in this gorgeous space.
Make a Lamp Using Old Toys. If your kid tends to get attached to his or her toys, there's probably a box full of old action figures or plastic dolls lying around somewhere. Put those toys to use without tossing them. Make a lamp! In about an hour, you can give your kid's favorite toys a new life while getting organized.
Country Living Appraises A 1950s Jiffy-Way Egg Scale. Organize Your Linen Closet 1950s Jiffy-Way Egg Scale \I snagged this cute little scale, which still works, for $65 on eBay
Refresh Your Potpourri With... Vodka?. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably clean your home using all-natural, homemade cleaners; get
A Conversation with Interior Designer Alexa Hampton. The interior designer Alexa Hampton takes time off from her busy schedule to talk about design legacies and being mistaken for a Park Avenue Princess when in fact she would rather have the moniker Queen of the Flush Mount attached to her name.
Water Tower House In Germany Proves This Home Trend Is More Popular Than We Thought (PHOTOS). Hmm... we're beginning to see a new trend in design.
Billions Of Cicadas Sounds Kind Of Pretty To Us (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
How To Spring Clean Your Washer And Dryer. Follow these spring cleaning tips to avoid major laundry room mishaps.
Martha Stewart Admits Crush On Ryan Gosling, Proving She Really Is Just Like Us (PHOTOS). It's official, nearly all women love this particular actor.
Paul And Peter Scialla of Delos Combine Wellness And Beauty To Design Interiors (PHOTOS). Here's proof that stress-free \zen\ living doesn't always mean minimalism.
Would You Actually Live In A Tiny Home? (POLL, PHOTOS). You'll be surprised at how others answered the question.
10 Stylish Accessories For An Organized, Stress-Free Home Office (PHOTOS). Because a messy workspace can easily become a source of stress and anxiety.
1960s Interiors Inspired By 'Mad Men,' From House Beautiful (PHOTOS). Our question
Zsa Zsa Gabor's Mansion Will Be Her Home For The Rest Of Her Life, Los Angeles Judge Rules (PHOTOS). Fun fact
Casey Kasem, Legendary Radio Host, Is Selling His Los Angeles Home For $42 Million (PHOTOS). What else can be said when there's a giant heart-shaped pool in the picture?
8 Pretty Patios That Have Us Wishing We Were Kicking Back And Relaxing Right Now (PHOTOS). If you don't have one of your own, crash your neighbor's.
7 Home DIYs You Can Accomplish In Just One Weekend (PHOTOS). These projects will refresh your front yard space...plus they're great excuses to enjoy the spring weather.
A Roundup Of 7 DIY Journal Ideas To Personalize Your Notebook (PHOTO). You write your most intimate thoughts inside, so why not personalize it?
5 Homes for Sale With Giant Chess Boards. Most home buyers settle for a house with a walk-in closet and a stainless steel fridge. However, a select few demand an estate worthy of kings and queens, refusing to seal the deal unless it includes multiple horses and castles.
House Tour. Yet we can hear the faint sound of techno music coming through our computers.
7 Inspirational Quotes That Offer Great Design Advice (PHOTOS). Like, why we should always add live flowers to every space.
Roger Ebert's Vacation House In Harbor Country, Michigan Is What He Described As An 'Old-Fashioned Pleasure' (PHOTOS). The area, near Lake Michigan, boasts family-owned businesses where one would imagine that the staff knows the customers by
A Small Home For Four Has Us Reconsidering How Much Space We Really Need (PHOTOS). Sometimes bigger really isn't better. That is certainly the case in this 540-square-foot home in Portland, OR that houses
Toronto's \Tiny Town\ Is A Thriving Community Of Tiny Home Residents (PHOTOS). In this unusual urban enclave, tiny living brings residents closer in more ways than one.
Self-Assembling Furniture. \Here, the material is the mechanism. So finally the material is doing the work for you,\ de Smet told the BBC, after comparing
Catchpole And Rye's Swarovski-Encrusted Bathtub Can Be All Yours For $228,000 (PHOTOS). Seriously, it costs more than a (decent) house. Does it come with Ryan Gosling as a bath attendant, or something?
How To Water Your Lawn The Right Way, According To HGTV's Ahmed Hassan (VIDEO). Grass doesn't \drink\ the way you'd guess.
Pinterest Got a Makeover! (Sort Of). I know we all hate when our most frequently used sites change their looks on us! But, before you go getting your craft supply box all in a bunch, I'll give it to you short and sweet. It's not that different.
8 Of The Tiniest Tiny Homes, All Under 300 Square Feet (PHOTOS). Click through our slideshow and enjoy small living at it's smallest. To honor the littlest places that we totally wish we
'Mad Men' Inspired '60s Decor On Pinterest Has Us Looking Forward To The Season 6 Premiere (PHOTOS). These pinners make us wish we lived in the '60s.
Go Glamping Offers A Stylish Take On Camping (PHOTO). A few of our favorite locations
7 Celebrity Pools From Architectural Digest That Have Us Craving Fun In The Sun (PHOTOS). One swimming spot even has its own adjoining dance floor. Celebs are just not like the rest of us
Where Would You Put A 60-Inch Apple TV In Your Home? (POLL). We know, not everyone lives in New York City where apartments (and thus, walls) are the size of postage stamps, but still
Remodeling Projects Are On The Rise, According To The 2013 Houzz And Home Survey. Maybe it's time to get to that remodel you've been putting off for years.
Matt Lauer's Horse Farm Plans Are Reined In (PHOTOS). The plans for the property include a 36-stall barn and a man-made pond. The neighbors aren't too happy about the enormous
10 American Cities Where Rent Is Expected To Rise The Most, According To MSN (PHOTOS). Three of them are in the same state -- and it isn't California.
Spring Cleaning Your Dresser Drawers Is Easy When You File Your T-Shirts Vertically (VIDEO, PHOTO). If you position the tees this way, you'll be able to fit more in a drawer and find them easily.
Master Spring Cleaning With These Surprising Tips. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
A Tilted House In San Francisco Reminds Us Of The City's Unique Architecture (PHOTOS). Once you take a closer look at the photo, you'll see why the homeowner isn't in danger.
DIY Idea Shows You How To Keep Nails And Screws Within Reach (PHOTO). You'll no longer have to fumble for those little parts.
An Easy Way To Dry Damp Clothes Quickly. Because there is nothing worse than pulling on wet jeans.
16 Homes With Basketball Courts You Can Buy Now. March Madness comes but once a year, but a home with a basketball court provides hoops action all year long. We combed through our thousands of real estate listings from New York to Los Angeles and Miami to Portland to uncover the coolest courts on the market.
7 Savvy Ways to Upgrade Your Kitchen. If your kitchen's design makes you feel like you should be grooving to the Village People, it's probably time for an upgrade. And there are plenty of ways to make your kitchen stylish again without calling a contractor and dipping into your savings.
Spring Cleaning 101. Spring cleaning isn't as fun as jetting off to some sunny beach or, really, come to think of it, just about anything. But after a winter of the kids (not to mention the husband) trekking in all sorts of mud, sand and God-only-knows-what-else all over the house, it's a necessary evil.
Eco-Friendly Spring Ideas. I love doing craft projects with my children that we can also enjoy when we celebrate upcoming holidays and the coming of spring is no exception. Spring provides so many fun and different ways to get creative without using too much time and precious energy.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Artist and Architect Collaborate On Stunning Studio Design (PHOTOS). When I attended the opening of Sculpture, Pleasing Curves, Charlie Kaplan's exhibit at PYO Gallery in Los Angeles, I realized the full intensity of my collaboration as an architect with this talented artist.
Prince William And Kate Middleton's Reported Renovation Plans For Anmer Hall Home Revealed (PHOTOS). With extra shrubbery around the house--what, do they want privacy or something?
7 Things You Didn't Know About Your Bed (PHOTOS). Such as
Tiny Trailer Pulled By Bicycle Rider May Really Be The Smallest Home Yet (PHOTO). The surprising part is that it can somehow fit more than a single person inside.
A Look Behind The Curtain. Last week I saw a restaurant review on a local blog that touted \u201cThe New York Times says . . .\u201d and I thought, wait a minute
Nine Museum Quality Bouquets. What's your taste in bouquets? Traditional and beautiful -- or creative and quirky? Whatever your inclinations, here's your chance to register your response to nine of the amazing floral designs on view at the M.H. de Young Memorial Museum in San Francisco last month.
An Open Letter To Everyone Selling Furniture On Craigslist. Craigslist's furniture category has really just become an overpriced graveyard for Ikea furniture, where everything is \vintage.\ If you even think about selling, I'd like a word with you.
Tiny Home Video Spoof, 'Here It Is,' Takes A Lighthearted Jab At Small Living (VIDEO). It's like something out of 'Portlandia.'
The Mental Health Benefits Of Flowers (PHOTOS). It's not just because they look pretty.
Japanese Cherry Blossom Trees Bursting Into Bloom Make Us Impatient About Our Gardens (PHOTO). This gorgeous photo is making us impatient about our still-not-blooming gardens.
Charlie Hague And Megan Williams' 'Hobbit' Home Might Be Torn Down By County Council (PHOTOS). The important question they didn't ask could cost them big.
Mason Brown And Kat O'Sullivan's Colorful 'Calico' Home Screams Peace, Love And Benjamin Moore (PHOTOS). We're wondering what the neighbors think of it.
Sprout Home Plant of the Week. They're just too pretty not to be shown off to the world.
Easily Clean Up Easter Grass By Using Common Household Items (PHOTOS). And you're left with all that stubborn grass.
House Built Into A Hill By Stempel & Tesar Architects Redefines Outdoor Living (PHOTOS). Our question
Easter Ideas. It's not too late to get ready for the holiday.
7 Weekend DIY Ideas To Rejuvenate Your Outdoor Space In Just 2 Days (PHOTOS). What better way to enjoy the spring weather?
Ziggy the Cat. When the first YouTube of Ziggy using the toilet was placed online, people didn't believe that it was my cat. They thought
6 Wacky Buildings That Look Like Something Completely Different (PHOTOS). Starting with a picnic basket, and going from there.
Bob Marley's Childhood Home Was As Vibrant As The Musician (PHOTO). Years after leaving this colorful home,  he brought reggae to the mainstream (and to that \laid back\ bar near you).
Beyonce And Blue Ivy Carter's Director's Chairs Have Us Craving Monogrammed Everything (PHOTOS). If you like it then you can put a monogram on it.
Repurposing Idea Turns Your Laundry Basket Into A Grocery Carrier (PHOTO). This easy solution will save your arms from an unwanted workout.
Why Black And White Interiors Are Universal And Timeless. And the scrim of misty white that periodically screens our northern city-views during a snowfall, when transferred to a southern
7 Inspirational Quotes From Our Favorite Interior Designers (PHOTOS). These will help you through your toughest home projects.
The Uncertain Certainty of Moving. House-hunting is fun for about the first week; after that, it's fraught with existential angst. Where will our new pizza joint be? What neighbors will we have, and what will they be like? What sort of days will fill our daily lives?
A House Tour Of Steve Lansky's Modern-Day Roman Palace Can Only Be Described As Over-The-Top (PHOTOS). All gold everything.
10 Best Houseplants To De-Stress Your Home And Purify The Air. Did you know bringing the outdoors in can help relieve tension?
Easter Ideas. And they'll save you a trip to the party store, too.
Rooftop Swimming Pools For NL Architects' Single-Family Homes Are The Coolest Feature Ever (PHOTOS). And we want one in time for summer.
Bathroom Remodeling. When selecting sinks, you'll face an almost endless supply of styles, features and accessories. Some bathrooms even have
Easter Ideas. They're as fun to make as they are cute.
Easter Ideas. The five best sources for crafts, decorations and table ideas for your holiday.
Clean Your Pillows To Avoid Mold, Dust Mites And Bacteria. If it's been a while (like never) you better get to it. Here's why.
Christopher G. Axelrod's Gilded Home Brings Parisian Living To Ohio (PHOTOS). We're wondering if even the toilet gets the gilded treatment.
7 Places In Your Home That Are Dirtier Than Your Toilet (PHOTOS). The hot debate that will just make you want to douse everything in bleach and call it a day.
Stigmatized Properties. Death is a fact of life, but for many, it's a real estate dealbreaker.
5 Outdoor Living Ideas for Spring and Summer. Forget those inexpensive lawn chairs of the past with scratchy nylon seat cushions -- today's outdoor living is just as comfortable and livable as what's happening indoors.
DIFFA Dining By Design 2013's 10 Most Stunning Tables (PHOTOS). The decor will blow you away.
Easter Ideas. Grab some supplies and get started.
Spring Cleaning Checklist For Getting Your Bathroom Bright With Stuff That's Sitting Around Your Kitchen (PHOTOS). Most of the products can be found in your kitchen.
'The Simpsons' House, The Batcave And More Fictional Houses You Can Live In (PHOTOS). If you've dreamt of skateboarding into a cartoonish orange and yellow house, this is for you.
Mariah Carey's Living Room In Her New York Home Is Draped In Gold And Animal Prints (PHOTOS). A peek inside the superstar's golden home, in honor of her birthday today.
Hang Pictures Easily Using Duct Tape So They're Perfectly Straight. It involves a very common household item.
The Truth About Dogs and Chocolate. Whether your ritual hides eggs or matzo, the general reward for either is a large dose of chocolate in a variety of forms. While that is celebratory for children (and many adults), it is something potentially deadly to a dog.
Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale's Former Los Angeles Home Is For Sale, And It's As Cool As They Are (PHOTO). Gorgeous babies not included.
Michael Davis. It all began in Paris.
Dusting Your Light Bulbs Is A Spring Cleaning Must. It's a spring cleaning must!
Porsha Williams, Kordell Stewart Divorce Reports Have Us Wondering. We're wondering who gets this place in the divorce.
'Calvin And Hobbes' Kid's Bedoom Makes Us Want To Be Little Again (PHOTO, VIDEO). In this nursery, a favorite comic strip comes to life -- almost.
Easter Ideas. These inexpensive and simple crafts will help you create a holiday no one will forget.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
Spring Cleaning Turns Up Surprising Treasures, Found By Reddit Users (PHOTOS). $800, for instance.
'Expanding House' By DUS Architects, A Full-Size Home, Will Be Constructed Using A 3D Printer (PHOTO). With this new technology, the possibilities are endless.
Big Ideas For Small Bathrooms. You can combat the claustrophobia by scaling down to physically save space. (Pedestal sink, anyone?) And, with the right
DIY Decorating Ideas For A Staircase. Want a hit of playfulness without making over an entire room? Here are four DIY ideas for a gorgeous staircase. Read more
Easter Ideas. We can't think of a better way to spend the holiday!
Country Living Appraises A 1895 Australian Thoroughbred Print. Though the artist is unknown, the subject of this heirloom remains perfectly clear
How To Tie Up Plants With Pantyhose. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably clean your home using all-natural, homemade cleaners; get
Milwaukee 'Dinosaur Home' Features Crazy Number Of Lawn Ornaments (PHOTO). With all those dinosaurs in view, let's just say we're happy that we're not this homeowner's neighbor.
Sofia Vergara Signs Licensing Deal WIth Rooms To Go Furniture Company (PHOTOS). The Colombian beauty has so much up her sleeve.
Open A Jar Lid Of Any Size Easily With Duct Tape (VIDEO). You can either build huge muscles...or repurpose an everyday household item to do the job for you.
'Villa Akbar' Home In Kuwait Might Be The Most Over-The-Top House Ever (PHOTO). Live in a golden castle surrounded by statues of creatures? Why not!
Sprout Home Plant of the Week. And did we mention how beautiful it is?
Easter Ideas. They add just the right pop of Easter colors.
Keep Kitchen Sponges Dry And Mildew-Free With This Cleaning Tip. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
8 Home Tax Deductions That You May Not Have Known About (GIFs). Our favorite
7 Weekend DIY Ideas To Refresh Your Living Room In Just Two Days (PHOTOS). From fixing an annoyingly wobbly chair to a simply swap that'll brighten up your space in moments, these easy ideas will transform your place.
Passover Ideas. The kids will have a blast searching for this crafty sack.
8 Ways To Create A Reading Nook For Cuddling Up With A Book. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
10 Adorable Garden Gnomes That Are Protecting Yards All Over The World (PHOTOS). Be sure to submit your own photo!
10 Most Expensive Cities For Real Estate, According To Forbes (PHOTOS). Forbes ranked several cities across the world -- and one U.S. city made the list. Can you guess which one?
8 Inspirational Quotes About Design From Our Industry Favorites (PHOTOS). Get ready to be inspired.
Reese Witherspoon's Ojai Home Won't Sell, Actress Cuts Asking Price By $2.75 Million (PHOTOS). There's something about her home that buyers just don't like...but we don't see it in these gorgeous photos.
Organizing Tip For Bathroom Suggests Installing Two Shower Curtain Rods (PHOTO). But if you're not exactly into the idea of having two, another great way to save space in your bathroom is by repurposing
Easter Ideas. Pretty cool, huh?
Jon Bon Jovi Is Asking $42 Million For His New York City Home (PHOTO). And here we thought he lived in New Jersey, full-time.
4 Homes With Speakeasies That Put Your Bar To Shame (PHOTOS). ** On this day in history, March 22nd 1933, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed a bill making it legal to purchase
Easter Ideas. Bring a touch of the Easter spirit into every room.
'Wager House' Is For Sale In Titusville, Florida And Has Awesome History (PHOTOS). Residents have seen rockets, satellites and space shuttles right from their front door.
Clean Your Carpets Because They Are Germ Hotspots. We had no idea...
Warren Sapp, NFL Star, Surrenders Gorgeous Florida Mansion (PHOTOS). An NFL star unloads a very luxurious home -- and we've got a peek inside the estate.
17 Bizarre Real Estate Listing Photos. All of these photographs instantly surprised us.
Chris Masters, Former WWE Star, Saves Mom From Burning House. We learned two things from this incident. One, garden decorations can be lifesavers. Two, Chris 'The Masterpiece' Masters is an awesome son.
Easter Ideas. This holiday, go beyond the typical pastels.
My Parents' Dream House Is Up For Sale And All I Can Think Of Is My Father (PHOTOS). Dad always dreamed big, and this house was proof that he was a man with aspirations.
10 Handmade Passover Seder Plates By Our Favorite Etsy Sellers (PHOTOS). Each one is handmade, so it's like owning an individual work of art.
Easter Ideas. A stylish way to gather your winnings.
Tiny Home For Under $12,000 Would Be The Perfect Studio, House Or Cabin Getaway (PHOTOS). Take a peek inside a small retreat that has all the comforts of a bigger getaway.
12 Staircase Designs That Practically Make Us Dizzy With One Look (PHOTOS). Photos that show the crazier side of stairway design.
Hidden Safe Found In 200 Year Old House Is Filled With Treasures, Homeowner Says (PHOTOS). Turns out there's more to a 200 year old home than just history. Rare Beatles records, for starters.
7 Celebrity Kitchens From Architectural Digest That'll Feed Your Appetite For Design. Peek inside the kitchen of the rock icon -- and six other celebs.
10 Things You Didn't Know About Toilets That Are Totally Fascinating (PHOTOS). Such as
R. Kelly Mansion Loss And Other Celebs Who Suffered Home Foreclosures (PHOTOS). ** As of Monday, R&B Artist R. Kelly's mansion loss was J.P. Morgan Chase's gain, reported the Chicago Sun-Times. The singer's
The Easiest Way To Spring Clean Your Mattress (VIDEO). Watch the video above to see HowCast's tricks and be sure to head over to Real Simple for full instructions. Don't forget
Castle For Sale In Amsterdam, New York, Was Once An Armory (PHOTOS). Even though it's not medieval, it still has a cool story.
Paul And Diane Honig Get Paid By The Electric Company, Thanks To Their 'Passive' House (PHOTOS). If you're building a new home, you too could enjoy this very real perk.
Make Tiny Flower Baskets From Votives As Holiday Favors (PHOTO). We can't think of a more charming way to share some sweets.
Girl Fell Through Attic Floor At A Party While Hiding From The Police (PHOTO). Think twice before going up to the attic.
Mansion Squatting Is A Growing National Problem For The Rich, Thanks To Ballsy House Crashers (VIDEO). \Mansion squatting,\ as it's being coined on the internet, is a peculiar growing problem all over the country. Just this
Jeffrey Allen Price, Multi-Media Artist, Creates Maps By Repurposing Sponges (PHOTO). Hint
10 High-Tech Bathroom Gadgets That Transport Our Powder Rooms Into The Future (PHOTOS). Now you'll never want to leave in the morning.
Parking Spots Become Gardens In Boston Apartment Building Designed By Sebastian Mariscal (PHOTOS). For one proposed apartment building in Boston, the idea is under consideration.
Easter Ideas. You'll never want to go back to dyeing again.
Alessandra Ambrosio And Daughter Anja Show Off Their Gardening Skills By Picking Lemons (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Want to learn more about caring for a lemon tree? Watch the video above. And be sure to click through our slideshow to see
Repurposing Idea Shows You How To Organize Hair Ties (PHOTOS). Yep, it really can.
How to Let Go of Inheritance and Gift Clutter. I have spent the past 12 years helping clients let go of unnecessary items in their homes, offices and lives -- one area at a time. This post focuses on clutter busting inheritance and gifts.
Country Living Appraises Pre-1965 Sterling Silver Corn-Cob Holders. \My great aunt passed down these corn-cob holders. I'd loved to know their age.\ -- A.W., Enid, Oklahoma All 12 of these
Robert Stilin's East Hampton House Tour Is Pared-Down, Clean And Completely Gorgeous (PHOTOS). Somehow, it involves rubbing your face against fabrics. Seriously.
John Cleese, 'Monty Python' Actor, Is Selling Furniture From His Monaco Home. Maybe he needs the money.
Alicia Keys Hires Crane To Move Furniture From Manhattan Penthouse, Reports TMZ (PHOTOS). Something tells us she didn't find her mover on Craigslist.
The 7 Most Stressful Things In Your Garage...And How To Fix Them (PHOTOS). If yours is currently used as a storage unit instead of a parking space, you know what we're talking about.
Easter Ideas. And don't worry about making mistakes.
How To Make Your Ladder Slip Resistant. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
Black (and White) Is Back!. Black and white is everywhere this season, from couture runways to sidewalk window displays. And since interiors always follow fashion, I predict we'll start to see black and white infiltrating homes and commercial spaces in upcoming seasons.
Easter Ideas. You'll be glad you started early.
'The Blind Side' Home Can Be All Yours For A Cool $3.9 Million (PHOTOS). And if you think the house looks beautiful, now wait until you see the interiors.
Pretty Porch Ideas That Have Us Daydreaming Of Relaxation (PHOTOS). We're anxiously looking forward to the upcoming change of weather, when we'll be more inclined to relax and unwind outdoors
WATCH. With the seasons beginning to change and Spring just around the corner, now is the perfect time to get a jump start on your
Ferruccio Laviani's 'Good Vibrations' Furniture Looks Like A Digital Illusion (PHOTOS). Go ahead, take another look.
Use Our Spring Cleaning Checklist To Get Your Kitchen Gleaming, Without Stress (PHOTOS). When you want this chore done in a flash, start with your...freezer?
Manhattan SkyHouse Apartment Includes Indoor Slide, Glass Bridge And Other Very Cool Features (PHOTOS). Additionally, a floral-patterned \crows nest\ sitting area allows one to look out on to Manhattan, while the many glass floors
Malibu Water Tower Home For Sale Is One Of The Coolest Home Transformations Ever (PHOTOS). If you remember the 90s cartoon 'Animaniacs,' you'll especially find this home appealing.
5 Cheap Alternatives to a Custom Frame. Whether it's a giant print of van Gogh's \Starry Night\ or a limited-edition map of Manhattan circa 1802, some of your most treasured wall decorations may not fit into a standard frame. No longer, we say! It's high time to proudly display your misfit art.
6 Clever Household Uses for Flour. Cupcakes. Chicken pot pie. Pancakes. What do these delectable dishes have in common? Flour! Even if baking isn't your cup of tea, chances are there's a sack of flour sitting in your kitchen cabinet. Did you know that this baking staple can also shine stainless steel and loosen stubborn lids?
A DIY St. Patrick's Day Yarn Wreath To Start The Celebration Right (PHOTO). And you only need a few simple supplies.
Make These Paint-Dipped Flower Vases That Remind Us Of Spring (PHOTO). And we think that's a good thing.
Protect Your Car Door From Hitting The Garage Wall Using... A Pool Noodle (PHOTOS). You know that moment when you pull into the garage and you go to open your car door and boom -- it slams against the wall
David Bromstad, Designer And HGTV Star, Talks 2013 Trends And Big Decor Mistakes (PHOTOS). Plus, the one big decor mistake we've all made at least once.
7 Pretty Windowsill Gardens To Help Jump-Start The Spring Season (PHOTOS). As if this photo doesn't say enough.
Sprout Home Plant of the Week. Give these alternatives a try at home.
7 Ways To Fix Up Your Bathroom In 2 Days Or Less (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Small changes can make a big difference -- and won't take over your weekend.
7 Ways To Make It Feel Like Spring At Home Already! (PHOTOS). We just can't take any more winter.
Was The Powerpuff Girls Home Inspired By The Villa In Jacques Tati's Film 'Mon Oncle'? (PHOTO). Hint
Steve Sansweet Builds Rancho Obi-Wan Museum For His Giant 'Star Wars' Memorabilia Collection (PHOTOS). Well, it was started before \A New Hope\ even hit the theaters.
8 Stress-Free Painting Tips To Make Sprucing Up Your Home A Breeze (PHOTOS). Tips that'll take the stress out of this often intimidating task.
Trulia's 'Real Estate Lab' Reports Home Listing Code Words That Could Mean Trouble. If you see these words in a real estate or rental listing, run like the wind.
'Mountain Modern' Home In Deer Valley, Utah Feels Like The Anti-Cabin (PHOTOS). Admittedly, the owner did incorporate a few recycled materials. \The exposed beams \u2026 are non-load-bearing and came from a
The Best Home Design Shows For Decorating Inspiration ... According To Us (VIDEO). We don't know about you, but we can't get enough of the 'Property Brothers.'
Clever Repurposing Idea Uses A Bread Tag As A Tape End Finder. Whether you're using heavy-duty tape to help with a paint project around the house or you're using it to label and get organized
Oyl Miller, Design Seeds, And 3 Other Pinterest Accounts To Follow Now. This site never ceases to amaze us.
Dyson Vacuum Sucks Up Fire If This Extreme Test Is To Be Believed (VIDEO). Yeah, don't try this at home.
The 9 Most Stressful Things In Your Bedroom...And How To Fix Them (PHOTOS). Sometimes this room can be the exact opposite of a restful sanctuary.
Organize Your Keys By Color Coding With Nail Polish. You'll thank us for this one.
Michelle Elzay Shares Her 'No Rules' Approach To Interior Design (PHOTOS). It's not all about eye candy.
11 Homes for Sale With Horses as Home Decor. While most of the press lately about horses regards their meat ending up in IKEA's meatballs, horses have also recently been discovered in other, more pleasant places.
History in the Walls. In 1902, a letter was delivered to Monsieur le Baron de Th\u00e9nard, at Place Saint-Sulpice in Paris. It was from a mechanic, demanding payment for the work he had done on the baron's yacht. In 2012, the letter was found in a wall.
Louis Tomlinson Of One Direction Reportedly Installs A Panic Room. We're sure that it would be a welcome respite from screaming teenage girls.
Bill Moody, 'Paul Bearer' Dead. In early 1991, he made his debut in the WWE drawing on his real-life job as a licensed mortician in the role of urn-toting Paul Bearer who seconded the newly debuted living dead man the Undertaker.
Consumer Reports Mattress Buying Guide 2013. Consumer Reports put the top brands to the test.
Cat Gets In The Way Of Renovation, Leaves Paw Prints In Cement Staircase (PHOTO). They just don't know how to stay out of trouble.
Rachel Weisz's Living Room Leaves Us Wanting Luxury (PHOTO). Besides the fact that Rachel can make any room more gorgeous.
Maggie Smith, 'Downton Abbey' Actress, Graces This Pillow As The Dowager Countess (PHOTO). Yeah, we think the obsession with this show is getting a bit...much.
Feng Shui Or Not. Apparently it might be bad Feng Shui to have an office in a closet (because it might be blocking positive or creative energy). Tell that to someone who lives in a smallish (yet expensive) Manhattan apartment.
10 Bad Stock Photos Of People Cleaning...Awkwardly (PHOTOS). You'll agree when you see them.
How to (Fabulously) Freshen up Your Home for Spring!. There are a few fabulous-and surprisingly affordable moves you can make in your home that can easily transition it to spring. The key is to do one simple thing in every room.
Stress-Free Pantry Organizing Tips By 'A Bowl Full Of Lemons' Blogger, Toni Hammersley. It will no longer be a \black hole.\
7 Homes for Sale With a 1950s-Style Diner Inside. For those who love classic Americana, there's nothing better than a 1950s-style diner. If you want to spare yourself the hassle of a DIY project, and you have some money to spend, these seven homes for sale come with their very own diner included. Happy Days indeed.
Taylor Swift Doesn't Buy Homes Near Every Boy She Likes, Apparently. The tabloids started these weird rumors -- and they're making her see red.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
Nate Berkus And Jeremiah Brent Are Not Planning To Have A Baby, Rep Says. No matter what, we think he'd design an awesome nursery.
Vintage Photo Of Early 1900s Dorm Room Shows Little Has Changed (PHOTOS). What has changed -- and what hasn't -- will surprise you.
A Peek Inside The New York Botanical Garden's 11th Annual Orchid Show (PHOTOS). Not your everyday flower event.
Country Living Appraises A 1930s Syrup-Dispenser Base. But it's missing one major piece.
A Conversation With Designer Alexandra Von Furstenberg. Alexandra Von Furstenberg has made waves in the design scene with her modern take on acrylic home decor and furniture. Her designs, often injected with a sliver of fluorescent color, are a fresh and contemporary take on a material that we've come to associate with the '70s.
Easy Way To Wake Up In The Morning Involves A Cookie Tin Lid. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
Bob Hope's Palm Springs UFO Home Goes On Sale (PHOTOS). If you have $50 million to spare, that is.
8 Unexpected Celebrities Who Live In The Midwest (PHOTOS). As if Prince didn't surprise us enough.
Easiest Way To Open A Stubborn Jar Is With...A Tennis Ball?. What are they sealed with...superglue?
Beautiful Early Blooming Spring Flowers That Are Just As Anxious For The Season As We Are (PHOTOS). We're a little excited for the season, can you tell?
Make A Colorful DIY Favor Bag To Start Off The Spring Season. No sewing necessary.
6 Easy Weekend DIY Ideas To Fix Up Your Kitchen In 2 Days (PHOTOS). Believe us, you'll want to try them all.
Interior Designer Michelle Workman Shares The Trends She's Tired Of And What's Hot Now (PHOTOS). And other trends she's over.
8 Things To Do In The Morning To De-Stress Your Evening Routine. Because you should be reaching for a bottle of wine, not cleaning products.
8 Home Gadgets And Appliances That Are Going Extinct... Though We Still Keep Them Around. We just can't let them go yet.
Easy Upcycle Project. I always felt that I lacked the vision to pluck some hidden treasure from a thrift store, Craigslist, or flea market and turn it into something amazing. Well, recently an opportunity arose that challenged me to do just that.
Sarah Scussel, Curbly, And 3 Other Pinterest Accounts To Follow Now. There's so much inspiration, we don't know what to do with ourselves.
How Housekeeper Johnny Sanphillippo Built A Tiny Home In  Hawaii...Without A Mortgage (PHOTOS). How one housekeeper made his dream a reality.
Nate Berkus, Jeremiah Brent Reportedly Planning To Have A Baby. ** Now, for the most exciting news you'll hear all day
8 Things You Never Want To Hear From A Roommate (PHOTOS). Sometimes it's better to live by yourself.
Sharpen A Pair Of Scissors With Sandpaper To Get A Perfect Cut (VIDEO). These tricks will save you time and money.
7 Gorgeous Flower GIFs To Remind Us Spring Is Almost Here. A lovely reminder that there's only a few more weeks of winter left.
Elizabeth Taylor's Over-The-Top Living Room Inspires Luxurious Decor (PHOTOS). She had an eye for men, jewelry...and luxurious decor.
House Tour. The home is definitely not what you'd think it would be.
Interior Designer Matthew Dickamore Talks Trends, Color And Inspiration (PHOTOS). His philosophy is \go big, or go home.\
Martha Stewart Opens Up About How She Became A Lifestyle Mogul In PBS Documentary, 'MAKERS' (VIDEO). Becoming a self-made billionaire doesn't happen overnight.
Adorable Tiny Home For Sale In Dover, Arkansas Looks Just Like A Dollhouse (PHOTOS). This is a childhood dream come true.
Weeky Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Remove Odors From Bottles With A Popular Condiment. And it has nothing to do with eating.
Bed Bath & Beyond Fail Has Us Feeling Betrayed... But Better About Our Own Folding Skills (PHOTOS). There's a surprise behind those seemingly endless stacks of towels.
Michael Kozlowski's Backyard Snow Cave Actually Looks Like A Fun Place To Hang Out (VIDEO). Honestly, we wouldn't mind \chilling\ inside.
7 Homes That Look Like UFOs, From A Quirky Florida Landmark To Naomi Campbell's 'Spaceship' House (PHOTOS, VIDEO). We're certainly glad these haven't 'landed' in our neighborhood.
HuffPost Home And \Hi Sugarplum!\ Offer Bedroom Decorating Ideas (PHOTOS). We'll put our heads together to make suggestions for your trouble spots.
Country Living Appraises A 1970s Pauline Trig\u00e8re Wool Coat. And you\u2019ll never believe the price one woman paid for it.
Easy Winter Tip For Drying Gloves... With A Jar?. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For 20 years, Bruce
Oscars Ceremony Flooding Blamed On Overflowing Toilet, Proving Stars Really Are Like Us (PHOTO). Stars really are like us!
10 Home Essentials Everyone Should Have. The following list of top ten details to start with can work with any color scheme, mood and budget. They can also be kid-friendly while equally inviting to quality adult time. Browse your favorite stores and some new ones and search online as well.
8 Overused Real Estate Terms That Have Us Rolling Our Eyes. Home buyers beware.
Reduce Dust In Your Home By Giving Your Stuff A Good Shake. Click through our slideshow to see some of our cleaning and organizing tips. And be sure to head over to Family Handyman
Creating a Home Together Is an Intimate Act. Sir Winston Churchill once said, \... we shape our dwellings, and afterwards our dwellings shape us.\ Too often in my marriage
Interior Designer Anna Burke Shares Her Design Secrets And More (PHOTOS). And we have to agree!
13 Effective Ways To Refresh Your Home For Under $10 (PHOTOS). And some of them might not even cost you a penny.
Danielle Wagasky, Blissful And Domestic Blogger, Lives Off Of $14,000 A Year And Loves It (PHOTOS). And, get this
Sprout Home Q&A of the Week. Find out how to keep your family safe.
Bruce Springsteen's Long Branch, New Jersey Home Where 'Born To Run' Album Was Written Is For Sale (PHOTO). This was his \mansion of glory.\
7 Gorgeous Home Exteriors That Give These Properties Serious Curb Appeal (PHOTOS). We just wish we could see the insides.
Antiques Roadshow Picks Their Favorite Oscar-Inspired Movie Finds (PHOTOS). You'll be surprised by who's on the list.
Tiny Home Trailer For Sale Reminds Us That Small Living Isn't All About Size (PHOTOS). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Household Repurposing Ideas. Dust off that old bottle and put this kitchen staple to work.
10 Free Printable Decorations To Make Oscar Night Shine. No trips to the party store necessary.
Gisele B\u00fcndchen And Tom Brady Reportedly Building A Home In Brookline, Massachusetts (VIDEO). It looks like it just might be possible to get tired of fabulous weather.
9 Things A Real Estate Agent Won't Tell You (PHOTOS). These little omissions could come between you and your dream home.
Betty White's Tranquil Mid-Century Sunroom Inspires Us To Relax (PHOTOS). Inspiration from an unlikely (though fabulous!) source.
Christina Aguilera Bids Goodbye to Her Pink Princess Castle. Ideally, we'd love to see Aguilera hold an epic moving sale and offer the public some of these brightly-colored furnishings
Shocking Aerial Photos Of Cramped Hong Kong Apartments Show Downside Of Tiny Home Living (PHOTOS). Brace yourself, you may feel claustrophobic.
Superfan Makes Incredible Iron Man Armor From Old Cardboard (PHOTOS, VIDEO). This superfan gets a million points for creativity.
Billy Corgan Wrestles For A Hysterical Walter Smithe Commercial (VIDEO). What the what?
Interior Designer Naomi Stein Describes Her Style As Preppy, Bohemian And Vintage. Two tools of the trade.
Bonnie Tsang, Etsy, and 3 Other Pinterest Accounts To Follow Now. They're perfect if you're low on inspiration.
Turn Paper Lanterns Into Personalized Glowing Photo Spheres (PHOTO). You can't get more unique than photos of the guest of honor.
Alexandra Loew Discusses Her Unique Approach To Interior Design (PHOTOS). A lot of us make this mistake!
Luxury Playhouses Featuring Air Conditioning And Electricity Are Practically Tiny Homes (PHOTOS). Really, these are much better than our first apartments.
8 Things In A Guy's Home That Completely Stress Women Out (PHOTOS). You know how uncomfortable it is to eat while a pile of dishes is staring you down?
Host Your Own Special Night With These Entertaining Oscar Party Ideas (VIDEO). No red carpet necessary!
Interior Designer Thom Filicia's Love For Mustard Is Evident In His Fridge...And His Designs (PHOTOS). In every way possible.
Mark Sarian and Ari Voukydis' YouTube Spoof Of HGTV's \u2018House Hunters' Is Spot On (VIDEO). It's funny because it's true.
Firefighter Dad Builds Realistic DIY Firetruck Bed For His Son (PHOTOS). This puts our bunk bed to shame.
'Best Harlem Shake Ever' Video On YouTube Features A Dancing Washing Machine (VIDEO). This...is...just...awesome.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Get 'em while they're hot.
The Easiest Way To Water Plants Is...Using A Turkey Baster?. ** Click through our slideshow to see more cleaning and organizing tips. Head over to Real Simple for more new uses and check
For A Stress-Free Ride, Declutter The Car With This Great Tip From 'Green And Clean Mom' Blogger Sommer Poquette (PHOTO). You don't need any special supplies.
Give Vintage Silverware A Dose Of Personality With Neon Paint (PHOTO). Everything's better in neon.
Prevent Windows From Frosting To See Clearly In The Winter. Hint
Country Living Appraises A 1870s Watchmaker's Cabinet. Guide To Paint Finishes To the contrary! You scored big on this fascinating mahogany case. Though the 12-inch-tall cabinet
9 First Apartment Mistakes Everyone Makes When They're Young And Naive (PHOTOS). The combination of cluelessness and budget restrictions can lead to hilariously bad situations.
Clean Your Office Coffee Mug At Home To Avoid Germs. Everyone has that one mug at work that they use for just about every beverage. And even though you love it, the truth is
Nate Berkus On \u2018Super Soul Sunday' Tells Oprah He Was \u2018Home' To Fernando Bengoechea (VIDEO). We couldn\u2019t hold back our tears.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. And you can expect to grow lots of them at a time.
Dress Up Your Refrigerator With These DIY Storage Tin Magnets (PHOTO). They can be seriously handy if you just add one little thing.
Traveling Abroad Made Me Realize What 'Home' Means. Who said you had to leave home to travel?
Keep the Romance Alive. Valentine's Day has come and gone, and we're guessing you have some flowers. While the memories may last forever, that bouquet of roses you have in a vase, sadly, will not. Once those petals begin to wilt, it's time to ditch the vase and get creative.
9 Cool Chairs That Artfully Inspire Us To Think Outside The Box (PHOTOS). We bet you haven\u2019t seen seats like this before.
Enjoy The Last Few Weeks Of Winter With These DIY Snowflake Votives. It's all about setting the mood.
Casey Keasler, Birchbox, and 3 Other Pinterest Accounts To Follow Now. They're perfect if you are in a design rut.
Jill Goldberg, Interior Designer, Shares Her Love For High Gloss Ceilings And Horizontal Stripes (PHOTOS). She also shares her great tips for living in a rental.
Burglars Break Into Students' Home, Then Throw A Party That Trashes The Place (PHOTOS). Let's just say that it would've been a crime to throw this rager, in this case.
ProFlowers Receives Barrage Of Twitter Complaints Following Bad Valentine's Day Bouquets (PHOTO). What would you do if this arrived on your doorstep?
Yellowstone Cabin For Sale May Prove John F. Kennedy Loved Tiny Homes (PHOTOS). The evidence might be on a wall.
Last-Minute Valentine's Day Gifts Ideas For The Big Night. In case you didn't get the memo that it's Valentine's Day.
Valentine's Day Ideas. Our favorite reason? You won't have to spend a small fortune at the florist.
Clean Your Doormat Because It's Covered In Germs. Germs aren't something you can avoid, but lessening the chance of tracking them into your home by following this little tip
Dick Clark's 'Flintstones' Home Reduced To $3.25 Million (VIDEO) (PHOTOS). If you watched Saturday morning cartoons, then the answer is 'yes.'
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas. Or, you can make sure no one steals your favorite mug again.
9 Things In Our Homes That Symbolize Love (PHOTOS). Yes, we believe our KitchenAid loves us back.
Valentine's Day Ideas. It's sexy, simple and so unexpected. And that's just one of the cocktail recipes!
The Absolute Worst Valentine's Day Gift Ideas To Give This Year (PHOTOS, VIDEO). It's the thought that counts -- but who knows what these people were thinking.
How to Host a Brunch for Your Sweeties. Valentine's Day doesn't necessarily mean a table for two! The holiday can be even sweeter when toasting to the relationships that last us all year with a group of friends.
20 Free Printable Valentine's Day Cards To Send Last-Minute Greetings (PHOTOS). Because the pickings will definitely be slim at the store.
Corbin Bernsen And Amanda Pays' House Tour In Country Living Is Anything But 'Celeb' (PHOTOS). Nestled in the Studio City neighborhood, the 1940s ranch house is filled with flea market finds and decor that the couple
A Curmudgeon's Valentine's Day Primer for Guys. Many of us men liken Valentine's Day to an IRS audit -- you know you're going to lose something, you just hope to reach Feb. 15th relatively unscathed.
Store-Bought Valentine's Day Card Includes Handwritten 'Help Me' Message From Pakistan. This could be the worst thing to see in a card...besides bad jokes and generic love poems.
5 Valentine's Projects for the Craft Impaired. Suddenly the terrycloth bathrobe I bought, though it was lovingly gift-wrapped by Amazon.com and shipped directly to you, doesn't measure up. Over the years, however, I have discovered a few projects that even craft-challenged people like me can execute.
Unstick Drawers Using...A Bar Of Soap?. ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. We like this solution
Heather Russo, Pro Cleaner, Helps Cancer Patients By Cleaning Their Homes (VIDEO). Making an impact one chore at a time for a very deserving clientele.
Valentine's Day Ideas. In the words of Beyonce, \All the single ladies!\
9 House Rules We Weren't Allowed To Break When We Were Kids (PHOTOS). Some rules were just meant to be broken -- like \No talking during General Hospital.\
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). And 28 other fabulous eBay finds.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Don't worry, these orchids will last.
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas. They'll be reminded of you on their morning commute.
How to Let Go of Photo Clutter. Photos become clutter when they sit unlooked at in piles, bags, boxes or on the hard-drive on your computer.
An Interview With Nathan Vincent, Crochet Artist Who Transforms The Medium In Unexpected Ways (PHOTOS). Knitting's not just for grandmas.
HGTV Dream Home 2011 In Stowe, Vermont On Sale For $2,995,000 (PHOTOS, VIDEO). You don't have to be a winner to feel like one. (Though a hefty bank account will help!)
Easiest Way To Make A Bed. Click through our slideshow to see unique cleaning and organizing tricks for your home. Want to know the quickest way to
Country Living Appraises A Circa-1941 Steelcraft Toy Bus. \I discovered this metal bus in my grandmother's attic. Can you tell me anything about it?\ - J.C., Voorheesville, New York
Nate Berkus Reveals On 'Super Soul Sunday,' That He Was \u2018Relieved' When His Show Was Canceled (VIDEO). Is there any other kind of interview with Oprah?
Sprout Home Plant of the Week. It's sexier and sweeter.
Magazine Storage...Using A Juice Carton!. Hint
10 Free Valentine's Day Printable Decorations That'll Make Your Home Even Lovelier (PHOTOS). This lovely decor costs absolutely nothing.
Sexy Bedrooms To Get You In The Mood This Valentine's Day (PHOTOS). We can hear Barry White already.
Valentine's Day Kid Crafts That Even Grown-Ups Will Love (PHOTOS). These adorable ideas can be adapted for cupids big and small.
My Life In Dinner Parties. Social butterfly? 'Pretend' adult? Your dining room might just say it all.
Make Pillows Fluffy Again By Drying Them With A Tennis Ball. Oh, you have a dirty mind.
Great Laundry Tip Shows You How To Unload A Clothes Dryer In Seconds (VIDEO). Why didn't we think of this first?
4 Ways To De-Stress Your Home Office. Let's face it, this room is anything but an organized sanctuary.
Tennessee Estate For Sale Features Extreme Disco Wine Cellar (PHOTOS). This ain't no disco...it just looks like one.
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas. This gift idea will remind them of your affection year-round.
Clean Your Kitchen Ceiling To Remove Cooking Grime. ** Click through our slideshow to see other unusual cleaning tips and head over to US & World News for more great winter
7 Ways To De-Stress Your Kitchen (PHOTOS). A refrigerator should not be cause of anxiety.
How To Spend Valentine's Day At Home. Take the pressure off the big day and throw your own chic party at home. What better way to spend Valentine's Day then to celebrate with all the people you love?
'Clean And Scentsible' Blogger Suggests A Kitchen Command Center For A Stress-Free Routine. What to do for 15 minutes a week.
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas. They'll never lose sight of their bags again.
Valentine's Day Ideas. Here's a hint
Floating Tiny Home With Boat Well Makes This The Ultimate Summer House (PHOTOS). There is more than meets the eye.
Clean Stainless Steel Appliances With...Flour?. Usually flour makes a mess of our kitchens -- but not this time.
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas You Haven't Thought About. It doesn't matter if you're single or spoken for. This is the one day of the year that if you're not in love, then you can certainly pamper and spoil yourself until you've met your perfect match.
10 Really Cute Valentine's Day Gifts for Under $100. Not that I'm not romantic, but I think Valentine's Day is a little cheesy. I mean, it is. But I believe in love. And shopping!
Valentine's Day Gift Ideas. You can personalize it just for them
Ben Silbermann, Ez Pudewa, And 3 Other Pinterest Accounts To Follow Now. It's quite the lineup.
Joan Sallas, 'Virtuoso' Napkin Folder, Recreates Historic Linen Art From Royal Courts Of Europe (PHOTOS). SCROLL DOWN FOR PHOTOS OF SALLAS' IMPRESSIVE WORKS Guided by Joan Sallas's hands, napkins transform into ornate structures
7 Tips For Moving With Less Stress (PHOTOS). No, that's not a joke.
Bethenny Frankel's Ex-Husband Jason Hoppy Rumored To Make A Man Cave Out Of Her Walk-In Closet. Size matters in this scenario.
Protect Your Car's Windshield From Ice And Snow. ** When the forecast calls for ice or snow, protect your car by placing two old bath towels across your windshield. When
Valentine's Day Ideas From A Sex Expert To Make Your Bedroom A Sexy Haven. Plus, the five surefire mood-killers that are probably in your room right now.
Canadian Penny Floor Is An Unusual Tribute To The Discontinued Coin (PHOTO). It's not the first time we've seen the idea, but this version did get us talking.
20 Vintage Valentine's Day Cards To Inspire Your Holiday (PHOTOS). Just a daily dose of nostalgia.
Out of Ideas for Valentine's Day?. When you've been together 10+ years and you've given all of the sweets, dinners, and cutesy gifts that you can stand, it's a challenge to come up with something creative. Well, I'm here to help.
Valentine's Day Ideas. Hint
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
'Nightmare On Elm Street' Home On Sale For Over $2 Million (PHOTOS). Now it's the price tag that scares us.
Collecting Popular Culture. In the world of pop-culture memorabilia it seems that some entertainers are supreme.
7 Adorable Animals Helping With Housework (PHOTOS). Happy Tuesday.
Vanilla Ice Surprises Us By Launching A New Lighting Design Collection (PHOTO, VIDEO). He designs with ice, ice, baby.
Jonathan Adler Junior Line Now Offers Gender-Neutral Stuffed Animals (PHOTOS). He\u2019s quite versatile.
Handmade Valentine's Day Gift Ideas From Etsy For The Special Man In Your Life. And they're all from our favorite Etsy sellers.
Valentine's Day Ideas. These bath melts should do the trick.
Country Living Appraises Autographed 1946 Poetry Collection. DIY Projects What\u2019s It Worth
Super Bowl Decorations. Hint
Valentine's Day Ideas. Tell your loved ones how you really feel.
Valentine's Day Ideas. And you can make it using stuff around the house!
Organizing Tip That Repurposes A Pringles Can Into Storage. And no, it doesn't involve eating chips.
10 Funny Doormats That Completely Spoke Our Minds. These say more than just \welcome.\
15 Free Valentine's Day Printable Cards To Send Your Loved Ones. All you'll need is a printer.
Yellowstone Cabin Hits The Market, May Be One Of Our Favorite Tiny Homes Ever (PHOTOS). And it just hit the market.
Move Your Super Bowl Tailgate Party... To Your Garage? (VIDEO). It's actually a great idea.
A Repurposing Idea That Uses A Binder Clip As A Money Holder. Hint
Man Pranks His Cousin By Making His Kitchen Table 'Disappear' (PHOTO). Can you solve the mystery?
Repurposing Ideas. Coffee may be the cure for too much beer consumption, but reversely beer comes in handy for removing coffee stains. Just
Barbecue Sauce Stains And Other Stubborn Spots That Are Bound To Happen During A Super Bowl Party (PHOTOS). In case your friends and family get a little messy.
Yes, The Legendary 'Grey Gardens' Estate Is For Rent This Summer (PHOTOS). It's time to make your 'Grey Gardens' dream come true.
9 Things Your Landlord Won't Tell You (PHOTOS). It's enough to make you consider homeownership.
10 Free Super Bowl Printables To Decorate For The Big Day. So now you can stock up on chips and beer.
Kourtney Kardashian Takes To Instagram And Twitter To Show Her Love For Interior Design. Color us surprised.
Pirate Ship Playhouse, Built By A Loving Dad, Brings Out Our Jealous Inner 5-Year-Old (PHOTOS). This father will go into the \Dad Hall Of Fame.\
Macy Miller's Idaho Tiny Home Is Literally Her Dream Come True (PHOTOS). This place is smaller than the average kitchen.
Remove Rust Stains From Your Toilet With A Pumice Stone To Make It Sparkle. It\u2019s a dirty job but someone has to do it.
The 10 Worst Apartment Stories We've Ever Heard. And yes, this ceiling collapsed over an editor's bed... while she was in it.
A Conversation With Interior Designer Thad Hayes. He talks about being a good father, happiness and... doing the Hokey Pokey?
Valentine's Day Ideas. Send your love in style.
Valentine's Day Ideas. A perfect Valentine's Day treat.
13 Cats Photobombing Real Estate Listings (PHOTOS). It's just like Where's Waldo.
Clean Your Oven With Vanilla So It Always Smells Good. No baking required!
Insider Tips to Take the Hassle Out of Moving. Here are just a few insider tips and tricks to ease the pain of moving. Moving doesn't have to be as bad as it seems, and hopefully these tips can help in your current and future moving endeavors.
9 Ways To De-Stress Your Bathroom (PHOTOS). This space can set the tone of your entire day.
Morrow Royal Pavilion In Henderson, Nevada Is Made Of 500,000 Beer Bottles (PHOTOS). Let's just say it has to do with one weekend of drinking.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Starting with this amazing 1940s Italian Tole chandelier.
Lucille Ball's Backyard Offers Dreamy Pastel Color Inspiration (PHOTO). Take color cues from the queen of comedy.
Valentine's Day Ideas. Who said robots can't be sweet?
4 Homes Masquerading As Strip Clubs And Nightclubs (PHOTOS). For homebodies that hate to leave the house, but still want to hit the club.
Repurposing Ideas. And some will benefit your four-legged friend.
Lisa Ling's Home Holds Secrets To Stress-Free Living (PHOTOS). Our favorite journalist works hard, lives light.
Use Plants As Air Purifiers At Home. A simple (and very pretty) way to make the air in your home cleaner.
Etsy Seller Cappy Sue Will \u2018Jazz Up' Your Unwanted Gifts (PHOTOS). It's almost like we're being trolled.
8 Noise Reducing Ideas To Get A Good Night's Sleep At Home (PHOTOS). Hint
Deodorize Your Home With Magazine Perfume Strips. It\u2019s under one condition.
How To Disinfect Your Home From The Flu And Cold Viruses. You may know how to disinfect -- but we're telling you the right way to go about this job.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Switch it up this year.
Add A Touch Of Zen To Your Home With An Indoor Rock Garden (PHOTOS). No solariums, greenhouses or even green thumbs needed.
Home Decor Can Either Ruin Or Save Your Marriage, Apparently. Turns out that lamp is not just a light source, but a symbol of ourselves.
The Breezehouse, By Blu Homes, Makes Its East Coast Debut. And you can visit it this weekend in upstate New York!
14 Free Valentine's Day Printables For Your Desserts. Just click and print for fabulous decorations.
Gorgeous Garden Photos That Are Making Us Crave Spring (PHOTOS). These photos are keeping us warm throughout this weather.
Marilyn Monroe's Bedroom Inspires Us To Get Cozy (PHOTOS). Her cozy bedroom inspires us to get girly.
Make These Personalized Serving Trays By Repurposing Cookie Sheets. An inventive way to serve it up.
5 Ways to Make Your Home More Interesting for Almost Nothing. While I spend a great deal of my life focusing on the uber-fabulous and the aspirational, you can take your home -- or any space -- and make it more interesting for practically nothing.
How Often Should You Wash Scarves, Gloves And Hats?. Who knew there were rules for this?
9 Ways To De-Stress Your Living Room (PHOTOS). When you spend so much time in a room, it should be relaxing.
Leslie Reichert, 'Green Cleaning Coach,' Shares A DIY Cleaner That Makes This Task Relaxing. It's cheap, easy and might actually inspire you to tackle that to-do list.
Now Trending. Subtle, muted cool tones, the charm of carved details, foreign language script on fabrics and the romance of a by-gone era -- all of these details express the charm of French-inspired decor.
This Tiny Home For Sale Has Pretty Impressive Accommodations (PHOTOS). We're almost tempted to pack our bags and move out West.
Pinners To Follow. Sarah Ehlinger
Tree Breaching In Pipes Leads To Kind Of Horrifying Picture  (PHOTO). It's kind of horrifying to see--but this could happen to you.
Crespi/Hicks Estate. One of the most extraordinary homes in the United States goes on the market.
Woven Rope Bench Seats Take Reupholstering To A Whole New Level (PHOTOS). You might ditch fabric after reading this.
Antony Gibbon's Roost Treehouses Channel Lothl\u00f3rien From \u2018Lord Of The Rings' (PHOTOS). Lothl\u00f3rien coming to real life?
The 10 Furniture Pieces That Are Becoming 'Extinct' (PHOTOS). When was the last time you slept on a water bed?
Make These DIY Reusable Fruit and Vegetable Bags To Carry Your Produce In Style. Make grocery shopping more exciting.
How to Turn A Messy Bachelor Pad Into an Organized Sanctuary. In case you're eating in the recliner next to last week's socks.
Eliminate Litter Box Odors With Tea Leaves. We\u2019re very appreciative of this one.
Dust Baseboards With Dryer Sheets To Keep Them Clean. They can help simplify a very tedious task.
How to Organize Your Bedside Table for Better Sleep. Our well-being is dependent on how well we rest each night.
Make Paint Dipped Bud Vases Without The Mess. The easiest technique to master.
What Type of Home Decor Is Right For You?. While most young professionals barely have time to be at home, let alone decorate their space, there is a value to creating a cozy and comfortable casa that is all your own even if you're renting yours.
Zaha Hadid's $160K Rippling Water Table Is A Beautiful Optical Illusion (PHOTOS). Take a closer look!
Spell Out Fun With These Scrabble Tile Coasters. Recycle your classics.
Remove Ink Stains From Colored Clothes With Milk. This is one cleaning tip we've never heard before.
How 'Ask Anna' Blogger Anna Moseley Maximizes Closet Space To Get Organized Fast. A top blogger tells us why you have more room than you think.
Kelly Wearstler's Juice Diet Revealed In Bon Appetit Is Not Something We'll Be Trying. Her exercise regimen leaves us speechless too.
Aga Brzostek's Autumn/Winter Blanket Chair Is All You'll Need To Stay Warm This Winter (PHOTOS). We\u2019d never want to get up.
Country Living Appraises Mid-19th Century Storage Chest. The value is nothing to sneeze at.
A DIY iPhone Case That Will Brighten Any Cold Winter's Day. You'll never confuse it for your friend's again.
10 Presidential Inauguration Products By Etsy, Designed To Cheer The Obamas In Style (PHOTOS). We clicked through our favorite Etsy shops to show our pride.
Inaugural Vases By Lenox Presented To Obama And Biden. The story behind the inaugural gifts.
Energy Saving Tip For Radiators. We need all the help we can get with this weather.
Make This Retro-Inspired Clock DIY With... Wood Shims?. The perfect craft to do at home.
Sprout Home Q&A of the Week. So long as it's the right one.
Clean Oven Knobs Because They're Kind Of Gross. The surprising place your dirt tends to lurk...
Front Door Ideas To Help Boost Your Curb Appeal (PHOTOS). Unique ways to say \u201cwelcome.\
10 TV Neighbors We're So Happy We Don't Share A Yard With (PHOTOS). Do you agree with this list?
8 Things A Housecleaner Won't Tell You (PHOTOS). Believe us, they could have lots to say.
Company Buys $8000 Horse Lamp By Front Design For Lobby (PHOTO). You've got to be kidding us, it's a horse-shaped lamp.
A Garage Converted Into An Apartment And 7 Other Surprising Tiny Home Transformations (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Hint
Warren Buffett, Billionaire, Still Lives In Modest Omaha Home Which Cost $31,500 In 1958 (PHOTO). It only cost $31,500.
Make These DIY Crepe Paper Fringe String Lights With Leftover Holiday Decor. It'll make a party festive anytime, year-round.
House Tour. It's all in the mix.
Protect Your Floors From Scratches When Moving Furniture. And it has nothing to do with your feet.
Vintage Furniture Gets A Makeover With This Simple DIY Idea (PHOTOS). Get ready to see the \after.\
Thomas School Bus Converted Into Tiny Home Is A New Way Of Living (PHOTOS). Whoa.
Tracy Morgan's New Jersey Home Is Something Tracy Jordan Would Have. Among other strange roommates.
Polish Silver Fork Tines To Make The Entire Utensil Shine. Go ahead and take a stab at it.
Make A Paint Splattered Vase As A Throwback To The '80s. And it's so fun to make!
Amanda Warrington Glues Giant Puzzle To Her Living Room Wall (PHOTOS). And it only took her 1,000 hours to complete it.
Hazard Symbols To Look Out For On Your Cleaning Products (PHOTOS). Here's what those hazard symbols on your cleaning products really mean.
House Of Grace Blogger Cuts Laundry Stress With A Daily Routine. For us, the answer is usually \whenever it gets in the way.\
FedEx Delivery Goes Wrong As Amazon Order Is Left In Shambles (PHOTOS). What would you do if this was your package?
Organize Your Cleaning Supplies In A Hanging Shoe Holder. And no, it's not only for shoes.
Holly Madison Leaving Her Las Vegas Home Because Of \u2018Human-Sized' Dog House (PHOTO). Hef's former girlfriend is having her own little housing crisis.
Bruce Willis Cross Stitch Needlepoint Sampler Shows 'Die Hard' Craft Skills (PHOTO). Guess how many weeks--and stitches--this took her.
Ginnifer Goodwin's Home Combines Flea Market Style With Sophistication (PHOTOS). Fun fact
Use A Wood Burning Tool To Make A Rustic Wood Sign. Marie Antoinette would love this.
Entertain In Style With This Painted Platter Craft. And it's so affordable!
10 TV Neighbors We Wish Lived Next Door To Us (PHOTOS). Have we left anyone out?
Remove Paint From Floor With Facial Wipes?. We\u2019d never think of this.
Ryan Gosling Reveals To GQ Australia He Loves To Knit. Now we know he is perfect.
Paint Dipped Pots Make Colorful Containers For Your House Plants. Can\u2019t beat that price.
Feng Shui Tips for the Year of the Snake. It's a symbol of new beginnings.
Is It Time To Take Down Your Christmas Tree Yet?. Well, this is one way to wrap it up for next year!
A Look Inside DayGlo, \u2018The World's Most Colorful Factory' (VIDEO). And no, it\u2019s not Willy Wonka\u2019s.
Faux Taxidermy Decor Trend Satisfies Animal Enthusiasts. We\u2019re not sure about this one.
Add Some Sparkle To Your Decor With A Sequin Throw Pillow. Repurposing at its finest.
Inside The Eclectic Home Of Helen Rosburg, Wrigley Heiress And Philanthropist. It's not what we would've imagined.
Clean Your Kitchen Sink Because It's Dirtier Than Most Bathrooms. It's even dirtier than your bathroom.
Adorable Cat Photo Of Pet Trying To Take Feather Duster Through Kitty Door. He's after our own hearts.
Weekend DIY Ideas. And 5 other weekend DIY ideas.
DIY Clock Inspired By Marc Jacobs Accessories. Get it?
Flogsta Scream Tradition In Sweden Would Annoy Our Neighbors For Sure (VIDEO). How are they not annoyed by this?
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week Kaffir Lily. Just like you!
Organizing Products That Just Leave Us More Stressed (PHOTOS). Sometimes they're more of a hassle than they're worth.
10 Winter Pictures Of Snowy Mountains That Make Us Calm And Serene (PHOTOS). Click through and enjoy!
Surprising Items In Your Bathroom That Have An Expiration Date (VIDEO). Yuck.
Kelly Ripa And Mark Consuelos Selling New York City Loft For $24.5 Million (PHOTOS). Bye, bye, bye
How Organizing Expert Beth Zeigler Takes The Stress Out Of Decluttering. Tossing your stuff sucks.
Why Did Taylor Swift And Harry Styles Break Up? Because She Allegedly Loves Antiques More. WTF?
Clean A Toilet Bowl With Gatorade. Hint
Create Pretty Fabric Feathers To Use In Countless Craft Projects. Decorate cards, gift wrap and more!
A River Runs Through A Home, And It's Totally OK (PHOTO). ...and it's okay!
It's Not You, It's the Table. The \table\ just didn't look good on Jslow. Its awkwardly elevated height, cutting her off just below the boobs, produced a matronly, dowdy, squat silhouette
Clean Your Cheese Grater With A Toothbrush To Remove Crumbs. It's not just for your pearly whites.
Warmth In Architecture. Architecture can be pretty powerful.
Create Faux Malachite Knobs To Replace Plain Furniture Hardware. What a steal!
Mila Kunis And Ashton Kutcher Might Be Moving To Chicago, Allegedly, Maybe. Well they are fans of the Chicago Bears.
Make A Fun Light Up 'Sleepover\ Headboard For Your Guest Bedroom. And, reminisce on your childhood.
Inside Alexa Ray Joel's Bohemian New York City Apartment (VIDEO). Billy would be proud.
Organizing Expert Brooks Palmer Tells Us To Just Let Go Of Clutter. You'll be happy you did it.
7 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). Ah, the gems we find on Craigslist.
Thermochromic Furniture That Changes Color On Contact. There are no \butts\ about it.
Lindsay Lohan Home On \u2018Million Dollar Decorators' Season Finale Is Just What She Wanted (PHOTOS). Boy, was it crazy.
Clean Your Credit Card Because It's One Dirty Little Thing. Yikes!
10 Tips to Save Cash When Designing Your Living Room. Because of the nature of activity taking place within the living room, its design should combine a feeling of home and intimacy with an ability to be functional and presentable.
Lindsay Lohan \u2018Million Dollar Decorators' Furniture May Be Repossessed By Bravo (PHOTOS). Seriously?
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). There's nothing like a good vintage find.
The Toilet Paper Dispenser That Holds Three Rolls In One Place (PHOTO). Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Celebrate Elvis Presley's Birthday By Taking A Look Inside Graceland (PHOTOS). A look inside Graceland to celebrate The King\u2019s birthday.
Martha Stewart Asks Marc Jacobs Who His Favorite Porn Star Is, Then Tweets About It. Um...
Q&A With Italian Architect Pierluigi Colombo, Design & Art Director At Clei. This Italian architect gives us the scoop.
Remove Sticky Price Tags With Peanut Butter. All you need is a common household item.
Make Patterned Hand Warmers That Double As Ice Packs. We could all use a few of these.
'Real Housewives Of Atlanta' Porsha Stewart And Kandi Burruss Splurge On Furniture (VIDEO). ** As if we weren't already jealous of the glamorous lives of the ladies of Bravo's \The Real Housewives of Atlanta,\ this
HGTV's Scoring The Deal' Promises Professional Athletes And Beautiful Homes (VIDEO). A show you won't want to miss.
Stay On Top Of Cleaning Your Kitchen By Running Your Dishwasher Daily, Says Blogger A Slob Comes Clean (PHOTO). Good to know!
Emerald Green. Say hello to emerald green... the hue that will forever remind us of 2013. Whether you prefer to incorporate this jewel tone in your wardrobe or throughout your home d\u00e9cor, there are numerous products to help us do just that.
How To Clean A Phone. Yikes!
Country Living Appraises Midcentury Argus C3 Match-Matic Camera. It might not be worth what you expect.
7 Ways To Make Your Home Happier And More Relaxing In The New Year. New year, new home, in just a few easy steps.
Chris And Malissa Tack's Tiny Home Transformed This High-Tech Couple Into Simple-Living Converts (PHOTOS). Could you live like this?
Add Some Character To Your Kitchen With Embroidered Linen Napkins. These babies will last you for a very long time.
Make A Bright And Colorful Braided Rug With Fabric Scraps. You'll be happy you have one.
Reuse A Tissue Box As A Garbage Bin. We wish we thought of it ourselves!
The Best New Year Resolutions For Your Home. And other design ideas for 2013.
Daniel Gray Builds Colorful Igloo That's Truly Unbelievable (PHOTOS). Speechless.
Lindsay Lohan Home Is On The Market But No One Knows Why (PHOTOS). Oh, LiLo.
President Obama's Vacation Home In Hawaii Wasn't Available This Year (PHOTOS). We wouldn't mind spending a week here.
Downton Abbey Season 3 Premiere Has Us Longing For Edwardian Style Interiors. It's possible to live as fine as the Crawleys.
Weekend DIY Ideas. These DIYs will help keep your abode in tip-top shape this winter.
Winter Scenes That Make The Cold Weather Seem Not So Bad (PHOTOS). It sure is beautiful.
Use Old Book Pages To Create Personalized Boxes. You can do more with them than you think.
Angelina Jolie And Billy Bob Thornton Home Sold By Actor For $8 Million (PHOTO). What a lucky lady.
To Make Cleaning Your Home A Breeze, Start With A Calendar, Says Organizing Blogger Clean Mama (PHOTO). That's totally our resolution this year.
Clean Your Vacuum Bin Without Making A Mess. We love our vacuums, but we hate emptying its bin.
Repurposing Ideas. We bet you haven't thought of these before.
Pinners To Follow. Sit back and enjoy.
The Best Songs To Clean Your House To, According To HuffPost Home. You\u2019re welcome.
DIY Painted Votive Candle Holders That Will Add A Unique Touch To Your Home. Making it is just as easy as enjoying it.
Clean A Coffee Grinder With Cheerios To Get Rid Of Odors. After you snack on a few, of course.
A Floating Log Cabin That Combines Tiny Home Living And Lake House Luxury (PHOTOS). Let's just say there's much to reflect upon.
Ronald Reagan's Former Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles Home For Sale For $4.99 Million. We wish we could!
The Best And Worst Time To Sell A House, Plus Home Staging Tips (PHOTOS). We knew they were hiding something.
\u2018Mary Tyler Moore Show' House Featured In The Classic Sitcom Is For Sale (PHOTOS). Our dreams are finally coming true!
Want to Stick to Your New Year Resolution? There's a Free App for That!. Most of us start off the new year with that \new year/new you\ enthusiasm and nothing deflates it more than if you fail. I found a few apps that can help you stay the course with your resolutions -- and best of all, they're free!
Sara Hilton Of Russet Street Reno's Kitchen Renovation Turns A Bland Room Into A Bright And Warm Space (PHOTOS). You'll barely even recognize it!
Gift Wrap A Birthday Present Using Shoelaces As Ribbon. How genius is this?
Lindsay Lohan Home On 'Million Dollar Decorators' Was All Drama, Design And Therapy Sessions (VIDEO, PHOTOS). It seems LiLo needs all the help she can get.
Jamie Shupak And Brian Stelter Show Off Their DIY Home In New York City (PHOTOS). We have to admit, we were surprised.
A Snowball Wreath That's Perfect For Celebrating The Winter Season. You can still celebrate the season!
Home Security Camera Catches Robbers In The Act (VIDEO). Yikes!
Best January White Sale Discounts From Kohl's, Pottery Barn And 5 Other Retailers (PHOTOS). Find out how you can save big, now.
6 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). Oh Craigslist, we will never understand you.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. We couldn't!
Remove Odors From Kitchen In Minutes. There's nothing like good, quick cleaning!
Create A Simple And Useful Pom-Pom Bookmark Out Of Yarn. And you don't even to need to leave your sofa.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week Coral Berry. It blooms throughout the season.
Twelve Resolutions for a Clutter-Free New Year. Do you ever look around your home, and feel suffocated by all your stuff? If so, the new year is a perfect time for a fresh start.
Add Some Last Minute Sparkle To Your New Year's Eve With Balloon Garland. Because it could always use some extra sparkle.
Making a New Year's Resolution for Your Home. 2013 is a fresh start.
'North By North West' And Other Favorite Movie Sets Featured In House Beautiful's February 2013 Issue (PHOTOS). Which is your favorite?
Reddit User JeremiahGorman Builds His Son A DIY Spaceship Bed. And some adults.
Last Minute New Year's Eve Ideas From Lonny Magazine And Designer Eddie Ross. The festivities are about to begin!
Dye Fabric With Wine To Add New Life To Old Linens. Well, this is a surprising tip.
Country Living Appraises Vintage Simon & Garfunkel Record. This doesn\u2019t sound right to us.
One Plant That Grows Both Tomatoes And Potatoes Trending On Reddit. So awesome!
Is the Economy Commanding You to Remodel Your Kitchen?. For those who've put off home improvement projects like a kitchen remodel because of the recession, key economic indicators are saying the time is right to start them.
Remove Champagne Stains Caused By New Year Celebrations. Bring in the new year right.
Free New Year's Eve Printables That Will Make Your Home Festive In Minutes (PHOTOS). Ah, the internet is a wonderful thing!
Laura Jo Wegman and Donovan Corliss' Low-Tech Home Featured In Sunset Magazine's January 2013 Issue (PHOTOS). We could never do it!
Climb Real Estate Group Designs A Stellar Office Inside A Classic Airstream Trailer. Take a peek.
Insulate Your Home To Stay Warm And Lower Heating Costs This Winter (VIDEO). These tips will save you a ton of money.
New Year's Eve Decorations That Will Make Your Party Sparkle. You have the bubbly and confetti, so what's missing?
Honey Boo Boo's Mother June Shannon Gives A Tour Of The Family's Georgia Home (VIDEO). Her \stockpile\ room is quite, um, impressive.
Remove Oil Stains On Cement With Wood Ashes. We had never heard this one before!
Miranda Lambert And Blake Shelton Named Most Desirable Celebrity Neighbors By Zillow Survey 2013. We can think of several perks that would come with having stars next door.
Why Andrew And Crystal Odom's 248 Square Foot Tiny Home Will Allow Them To Enjoy Life More. Emotionally, spiritually and, yes, physically.
New Year's Eve Party Hats To Add Some Fun To Your Big Bash. Learn how to make your own!
Country Living Appraises Late 1970s Gloria Vanderbilt Plates. We bet you didn't even know they were collectibles.
Create Matchboxes Full Of Confetti For Your New Years Eve Celebration. Pass them out to all of your guests for some festive fun!
Best House Tours Of 2012. We love getting a sneak peek inside.
Prepare Your Car For Winter Weather. Ugh, that's the worst.
Pinners To Follow. We would never have guessed they're on Pinterest.
Product Designer Daniel LiCalzi Redesigns Tiny 271 Square Foot Brooklyn Apartment. How a product designer magically multiplies its size.
Alan Thicke Unloads Toluca Lake Mansion...Finally!. Talk about growing pains!
Betsy Burnham On Simple And Chic New Year's Eve Party Ideas. And you can even repurpose your Christmas decorations!
Reddit User Spends Over 200 Hours Building A Canoe (PHOTOS). But it was totally worth every minute.
New Year's Eve Party Horns To Help You Celebrate In Style. Because the celebration isn't complete without some noise.
School Bus Converted Into An Awesome Tiny House Camper (PHOTOS). You can \school\ all of your neighbors with these diggs.
Clean Up Christmas Tree Pine Needles From Your Floor Easily. Those little guys are hard to pick up!
Store Your Holiday Decorations Quickly And Efficiently. Unfortunately we can't leave the decorations up forever.
6 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). And 5 other totally strange things you can buy online.
Best Vacuum Cleaners, Record Players And Other Top Buying Guides From 2012. We've compiled our best buying guides of 2012.
Christmas 2012. #ShowUsYourLights.
Last-Minute Holiday Napkin Rings From Toilet Paper Rolls. Since there's not much time to spare today.
Embroidered Napkins That Will Add A Last Minute Homemade Touch To Your Table. And without wasting a ton of your time.
Bene Raia From 'Market Warriors' On Vintage Kids Toys And Collectibles. And this \Market Warrior\ can help you find out.
The Worst Last Minute Christmas Gifts We've Ever Received (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Trust us.
A Gift Wrapping Idea Using Sheet Music That's As Simple As 'Do Re Mi'. Did you run of out of wrapping paper? Try this.
Unclutter Your Life. You can never have too much counter space.
Pocket Warmers That Make An Easy And Inexpensive Stocking Stuffer. Everyone on your list will appreciate these.
How to Smell Nice Without All the Nasty Stuff. Replacing my bathroom products with non-toxic or DIY alternatives was not very difficult or expensive, and they all worked great. But it made me wonder why more guys don't pay greater attention to the chemicals they are putting in their bodies through their personal care products.
Kate Middleton Handmakes Christmas Cards, According To Sister, Pippa. Just another reason why we love her...
Remove Ink Stains With Hand Sanitizer To Avoid An Embarrassing Situation. It\u2019s actually pretty amazing.
Last-Minute Holiday Shopping Help. Thank goodness for technology.
Christmas Table Ideas To Give You A Little Holiday Inspiration (PHOTOS). But don\u2019t stress it!
Christmas Eve Store Hours For Target, Walmart, Costco And Other Major Retailers. You\u2019re welcome.
HuffPost Home and The Home Depot #ShowUsYourLights Contest Official Rules. 12.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 Disputes
A Gift Wrapping Idea Using Paint Chips That's Beautiful And Easy To Do. We won\u2019t waste our money anymore.
Chris Maynard's Feather Art On Reddit Is Having Us Question Our Crafting Skills (PHOTOS). Seriously.
Make A Fire Smell Even Better With An Orange Peel. Oddly enough, it involves an orange.
A Look Inside Challen Cates' Chic And Comfortable Family Home. Do you believe in signs?
Overnight Guest Gift Etiquette. Whether you're crashing at your friend's house for one night, or staying with relatives over a long holiday weekend, there are some things to remember as an overnight visitor.
Christmas Tree Tips. For me, tree-trimming is an occasion for some over-the-top fun. Whatever the tradition means for you, here are some tips to make your tree a beautiful and stylish centerpiece for holiday celebrations.
Holiday Activities. They say idle hands are the devil's workshop...
A Homemade Gift Idea For The Tea Fanatic On Your List. Any frequent hostess you know will go crazy for it.
Neighborly Holiday Party Advice. Having a bartender allowed the host to mingle with neighbors and not leave guests asking \where's the ice?\ His bar was also stocked with every type of top-shelf liquor, which is the way to go, even if it costs you a few extra bucks.
Christmas Tags That Are Hot On Pinterest (Or How To ID Your Gifts In Style). We think we know why.
Remove Water Marks From Wood With A Hair Dryer. Another reason why we love our beauty products!
How To Clean A Keyboard With A... Post-It?. Why else would Romy and Michelle lie about inventing them?
Holiday Gift Wrap That Makes the Most of Your Trash. Whatever you do, don't spend big bucks on gift wrapping over the holidays. I promise that you don't need to. In fact, you can have more fun and make a more lasting impression on friends and family by creating packaging from trash.
Homemade Gift Ideas. Plus, it's much more personal than any designer brand.
How to Host a Stress-Free Holiday Meal. The stress of preparing for and hosting holiday parties takes away from some of the enjoyment.
Repurposing Ideas. Although we are partial to its original purpose...
Nights at the Museum. Artist Omar Sherzad learned about woodworking from his father. When he opened a workshop/gallery in Barcelona, he wanted his own children to learn from his work as well. So he installed beds in the walls.
Amy Sedaris \u2018I Like You' Windham Fabric Line To Debut In January 2013 (PHOTOS). Will she be the next Martha Stewart?
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). And other amazing eBay finds.
Holiday Hostess Gifts That Won't Be Re-Gifted. Say bye-bye fruitcake and hello cool, creative and festive this holiday. These hostess gifts are sure to kick off some party conversation and keep you on the VIP guest list for the rest of the year.
Jimmy Fallon And Amy Sedaris Make A NSFW Craft On \u2018Late Night' (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Does this, um, remind you of something?
The Lost Art of the RSVP. Etiquette, very simply, is about being polite in social situations. But when a society changes rapidly, sometimes the rules for politeness are ignored.
Homemade Gift Ideas. Students and alumni alike will be big fans of this gift.
Christmas Craft Ideas. The little details can make a big difference.
Country Living Appraises Vintage New Year's Hats. Trust us, you\u2019re going to want to keep them after reading this.
Stress-Free Holiday Ideas. How to manage it all and still enjoy \the reason for the season.\
How To Remove Scuff Marks From Vinyl Flooring. And no, it\u2019s not because it will keep the dog entertained.
Homemade Gift Ideas. We couldn\u2019t tell at first!
Buying And Appraising Silver. How to find out if it's the real deal.
Holiday Entertaining Ideas. And keep your mother-in-law out of your hair.
Homemade Gift Ideas. This DIY gift only LOOKS professional.
Weekend DIY Ideas. A little checklist to help you prepare for the busy weeks ahead.
11 Most Inappropriate Christmas Ornaments We've Seen In 2012 (PHOTOS). This might be almost NSFW thanks to \pornaments.\
10 Decor Trends (Yes, Including 'Keep Calm And Carry On') We're Done With For 2013 (PHOTOS). Because someone has to draw the line somewhere.
Pinners To Follow. What are you waiting for?
How To Clean A Light Switch, The Dirtiest Spot In Your Home. It\u2019s definitely not what you think it is.
Homemade Gift Ideas. We wish we thought of this!
11 Free Printable Decorations For Christmas Parties, Gifts And More. We'd do anything to stay out of that place, honestly.
Durell Ramphal, Ontario Resident, Attempts To Build His Family The Tiniest Home In Southern Ontario. It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Re-Gifting. Due to the \great recession\ we have become increasingly more time crunched and more thoughtful about over-spending. It only makes sense that with these changes in our lives we have also seen a change in our philosophy toward re-gifting.
Christmas Craft Idea. Just another reason to love these yummy candies.
Holiday Cleaning Checklist. And 6 other ways to make your home sparkling by Christmas.
13 Homes With Olympic-Worthy Athletic Facilities. Once as simple as a basketball hoop in a barn or a batting cage in the backyard, home athletic facilities are increasingly high-end home features.
Hang A Frame With A Soda Tab Instead Of A Hook For Easy Leveling (VIDEO). The music in the video\u2019s not to shabby either.
A Star Wars Bedroom Mural Fit For A Superfan, As Seen On Reddit (PHOTO). A wall Luke Skywalker would love.
Hilary Farr From HGTV's 'Love It Or List It' Shares Surprising Design And DIY Tips (VIDEO). Definitely do not try these alone.
Christmas Crafts. The origins of this decoration kind of surprised us. Wish we thought of it!
'Santa Army' Takes Over Yard In This Extreme Christmas Decoration Display Seen On Reddit (PHOTO). Looks like someone has a bit too much holiday spirit.
Christmas Gift Ideas For The Hostess or Homebody On Your List. There's nothing that will be re-gifted here.
Pilot House Trawler (aka Fishing Boat) Converted Into Adorable Tiny Home  (PHOTOS). But it\u2019s just as cool.
Homemade Gift Ideas. Yeah, we don't need to take yet another trip to the store, either.
House Shopping. The holiday season isn't traditionally a popular time to shop for houses, but it can be a great time to find a home, especially if you don't like shopping in a crowd.
How To Remove Gum From A Carpet. You\u2019ll be surprised at what you can do.
Jeff Kolde And Brian Kolde, California Brothers, Compete For The Best Holiday Light Display (VIDEO). 'Tis the season for a little sibling rivalry.
Holiday Craft Ideas. Because it's not like we actually use them for music anymore...
Homemade Gift Ideas. Not to mention cute.
Reclaim NYC Auction. Thanks to local NYC designers.
Holiday Printables. These printables are stylish AND free.
Repurposing Ideas. Chances are you have opened a bottle of wine this season (or four).
Homemade Gift Ideas. Because it\u2019s getting cold out there.
How To Reduce Static Cling. This could be your new go-to trick.
A Holiday Entertaining Guide. What greater gift is there than a memory of a time with the ones you love? This is how I came to create this holiday entertainment guide. Also, since I love singing holiday songs I've themed this guide around holiday sing-alongs!
Reddit Presents The Craziest Rooms You'll Ever See (PHOTOS). Prepare to be amazed... and jealous.
Holiday Decor in a Jiffy!. For when your boss tells you to throw the office holiday party... by lunchtime!
Jordan Hembrough, Travel Channel's 'Toy Hunter,' Reveals If Your Vintage Toys Are Worth Anything (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Time to finally get rid of that Furby.
Holiday Decorations. Holiday decorating can be both fun and affordable!
Country Living Appraises Turn-of-the-Century Hairpin Case. Pretty surprising.
10 Creative Gift Wrap Ideas That Look More Complicated Than They Are (PHOTOS). When a gift arrives in a beautifully hand-wrapped package it's a bit more special.
Holiday Lights Display. We have one question
Holiday Checklist. Everything you\u2019ll need to be the ultimate hostess.
Holiday Printables. It's almost crunch time!
Lindsay Lohan Home. More trouble for this actress.
Homemade Gift Ideas For Men. Such a clever idea!
Pocket Neighborhoods. They are becoming more and more popular.
Small Space Ideas. A few small projects can make big changes.
Homemade Gift Ideas. How cute are these?
Get Your Holiday on. Having hosted a fete or two here, you quickly learn that it's all about the approach and execution. If you're playing host this holiday season, fear not. You can look like a pro in the process.
Winter Scenes. So beautiful.
How To Remove Mold From Your Bathtub. No more scrubbing.
Weekend DIY Ideas. Improve your home over the next few days.
Homemade Gift Ideas. An accessory every home needs.
Carter Oosterhouse On Home DIYs, Giving Back and Christmas. While I am known for many things, do-it-yourself projects are not my expertise. That is exactly why it is important to have good friends like Carter Oosterhouse, as he is that go-to guy that everyone needs in the name of all things design.
Homemade Gift Ideas. This charging station doubles as decor.
Holiday Entertaining Ideas. Figuring out where to put everyone can be a buzz kill.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Our expert explains the legend.
'Extreme Makeover. She\u2019s not the only one...
HGTV's House Hunters International Partners With Disney To Promote New Fantasyland Attraction (VIDEO). Which castle will the couple pick?
Homemade Gift Ideas For Men. He'll spend the whole day at the office thinking of you.
Holiday Craft Ideas. Add a homemade touch to your tree.
Extreme Christmas Trees. Check out these outrageous designs.
How To Fix Chipped Glassware. It could save your favorite vase.
6 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). So strange...
Holiday Store Hours 2012. ** To make things a little easier for you, we've compiled a list of holiday store hours for Target, Walmart, Costco and other
Playboy Offices In Beverly Hills. In case you were curious.
CB2 Recalls 'Lucky Beggar Wallet' And Issues An Apology For Offensive Item (PHOTO, POLL). This coin purse has a lot of people upset.
Hanukkah Craft Ideas. Fill these crocheted pouches with chocolate coins.
Party Politics. I am in the right job -- CEO of a catering company. But that does not preclude my curiosity on the subject of holiday parties and frustration with the question some people seem to be asking, \Is it appropriate to have a holiday party?
Feng Shui Tips for Holiday Entertaining. Create a warm, welcoming atmosphere for all to enjoy.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Grab 'em!
House Tour. So inspiring.
Repurposing Ideas. Don't throw them away!
Homemade Gift Ideas. A perfect way to enjoy hot cocoa.
Heart-Shaped Island For Sale. Frank Lloyd Wright controversy included with purchase.
Toni Braxton's Bankruptcy. Oh, no...
Holiday Craft Ideas. Change up the shape for a unique look.
How To Make Your Own Glue From Milk. Who knew?
Easy Holiday Aperitivos. Call it hors d'oeuvres, aperitivos or appetizers; it's so easy you don't even have to cook. It's all about delicious ingredients and a great presentation. On a cutting board.
Holiday Gift Bags vs. Wrapping Paper. Everyone has their holiday pet peeves.
Country Living Appraises Pre\u2013World War II Figural Andirons. A pretty penny!
Homemade Gift Ideas. These ice cream treats hold all the important things.
John Derian. It's definitely on our go-to list during the holidays.
Hanukkah Crafts. How pretty!
How To Avoid Losing A Sock. Try this nifty trick.
Christmas Projects, DIY Crafts And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS). Our feed has been filled with beautiful photos.
Homemade Gift Ideas. So bright and colorful!
House Tour. It became a place where her family and friends could be reminded of her spirit.
Hanukkah Craft Ideas. Your guests will be psyched to take these home.
Homemade Gift Ideas. These would be perfect for an entertainer.
Weekend DIY Ideas. Make the most of the next couple of days.
Christmas Tree Tips By Sprout Home. Everything you wanted to know!
House Tour. It's filled with cool one-of-a-kind goods.
Stress-Free Holiday Entertaining Ideas From New York Times Bestselling Author Cheryl Najafi (PHOTOS). You can host AND enjoy yourself too.
3 Quick Tips for Buying Your First Rug. They can be tricky to purchase.
Hostess Gift Dos And Don'ts. The next time you go to a party you'll know exactly what to bring.
How To Remove Staples. It\u2019s not gross...we promise!
PBS's Market Warriors Star Bob Richter Opens Up About Life And Antiquing. An inside look at Bob Richter's treasures.
How To DIY A Screened-In Patio For Only $500 (PHOTOS). A Reddit user shared this amazing DIY.
Free Hanukkah Printables. Because who doesn't love free stuff?
Christmas Mantel Ideas. How pretty!
Holiday Craft Ideas. Perfect for your own special tree
Pinners To Follow. What would we do without Pinterest?
San Francisco's Tiny Apartments Receive Approval (PHOTOS). This trend is taking over.
One Kings Lane Anna Karenina Movie Set Sale Is Amazing (PHOTOS). Have you ever wished your home looked like a movie?
Homemade Gift Ideas. This is a stylish AND useful present.
Homemade Gift Ideas. All it takes is some extra yarn.
10 Suggestions for Collectors. The first rule of thumb is to find something to collect that makes you happy.
A Conversation With Decorator Miles Redd. Miles Redd is a decorator with a knack for the glamorous and the unexpected, and he's not one to shy away from applying lacquer on a whole room or mixing periods, styles and patterns.
Indoor Cabins. Architect Terri Chiao knew she couldn't afford the rent on a 750-square-foot Brooklyn loft without a roommate, but she didn't want to divide it up with walls. Instead, she built a cabin and a treehouse inside the space to be used as private living quarters.
Holiday Craft Ideas. The tiny furniture is just so adorable and retro.
23 Homes Filled With Taxidermy (PHOTOS). This trend is popping up in surprising new places.
Repurposing Ideas. They're not just for wearing!
Hanukkah Craft Ideas. These napkins are a breeze to make
Stress-Free Moving. Moving is not easy.
Homemade Gift Ideas. A great gift for the writer on your list.
Cool Aquariums. They can relax you.
Organizing Tips. Protect yourself and your electronics.
Gift Ideas for the Hostess With the Mostess. With the holiday season in full swing, it's important not to forget our nearest and dearest who will be entertaining all winter long.
How To Clean Lace. It's not gross...at all!
Holiday Craft Ideas. A simple holiday craft.
Homemade Gift Ideas. Pretty and practical
Stress-Free Hosting. Let's make the holidays stress-free.
House Tour. Another day, another beautiful home.
Weird Paint Color Names. Would you try a hue called \Grandma's Refrigerator?\
Cocoon 1 By Micasa Labs. Hang out, sleep or even cook inside.
Thanksgiving Crafts. We've got you covered!
Weekend DIY Ideas. Some post-Thanksgiving projects to tackle.
Holiday Craft Ideas. And it's so easy and inexpensive!
House Tour. And not just physically!
Thanksgiving Crafts. Hint
Homemade Gift Ideas. These fun dolls will keep them playing for hours.
Best Green Gift Ideas. Help them go green and stay stylish.
Bravo's 'Million Dollar Decorators' Season Two Episode Two Recap (VIDEO). We were bombarded with more stunning design and ridiculous one-liners.
Christmas Crafts. It\u2019s almost time.
Thanksgiving Table Ideas. Use family heirlooms or start your own collection from scratch.
Pinners To Follow. These accounts are hot!
How To Get Rid Of Refrigerator Odors With Oatmeal. Just be sure not to eat it afterwards!
How To Remove White Deodorant Stains (VIDEO). It\u2019s easier than you think.
How To Get Good Suction From A Plunger. It\u2019s a task we all must do from time to time.
Appraising Oil Paintings. If you hit it right, you can have an astronomical increase in value.
Return Policies For Walmart, Target, Home Depot And Other Major Retailers (PHOTOS). Got your receipt?
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Grab 'em!
Homemade Gift Ideas. Such a unique e-reader case!
Thanksgiving Crafts. Choose your favorite fabrics and get sewing!
How To Remove Wine Stains From Tablecloth. Don\u2019t stress! With this tip it\u2019s an easy clean up.
Hidden Home Problems . Yikes!
Thanksgiving, Remixed. From the main course to sides and dessert, Thanksgiving comes to us, year after year, prepackaged and prescribed. I think tradition is great, and obviously a big part of what makes the holidays special. But tradition doesn't have to mean ignoring one's own sense of style and taste.
Awesome Pillow Designs To Keep You Relaxed And Entertained (PHOTOS). Relax and have fun at the same time.
Black Friday Sales For Home Renovations. Take advantage of deep discounts and special offers from retailers.
Homemade Gift Ideas. Opt for DIY instead of store-bought this holiday season.
After Sandy and Athena. Hearing that folks were going out to the popular chain stores to buy their own generator sounded a little too blas\uffc3\uffa9 for me, so I decided to research generators.
How To Clean A Can Opener With Wax Paper. Try this trick before the holidays.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. With such a beautiful plant, we welcome the snow.
Holiday Gift Guide 2012. Because talented gardeners deserve some recognition!
Pumpkin Centerpiece Bouquet. Halloween may be over, but they're still useful.
Thanksgiving Crafts. A great way to welcome guests to your home.
Thanksgiving Crafts. We're always looking for what's hot on Pinterest. Every week we bring you the best accounts to follow (want to be in the
Thanksgiving Crafts. Your centerpiece is (almost) as important as the meal itself.
House Tour. Would you?
Napkin Folding Ideas. These cute little gobblers dress up your napkins.
Stress-Free Holiday Hosting Is Possible. First, throw out all your expectations.
Tiny Homes. How cool is this?
Kelly Wearstler's Headquarters Are Organized Yet Fun (PHOTOS). A-mazing.
Black Friday Store Hours 2012. Some retailers will be ready for shoppers on Thanksgiving night!
Design Inspiration. They'd showcase our shoes and clothes beautifully.
Installing A Chimney Balloon. There's an easy fix for that.
Thanksgiving Crafts. Because all that delicious food can be messy!
How To Stop A Shower Curtain From Sticking. A unique tip for your... shower curtain?
Thanksgiving Crafts. Perfect for all of your entertaining needs.
Have a No-Stress, No-Shopping Holiday. Tired of the stress, clutter, and credit card bills that come with holiday consumerism? Instead of exchanging presents, try something different. You'll both have one less gift to worry about and will save time, money and the planet's resources.
Frances Palmer. Martha Stewart praises her. Nora Ephron collected her. I can too, especially if I poke around her $150 and under work.
Target Black Friday Sale 2012. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Some highlights from
Office Tour. Where does all of this creative genius come from?
How To Frost Windows With Beer For Privacy. Good to know.
Lowe's Black Friday Sale 2012. On the Lowe's website, the seconds are ticking away until the store's Black Friday deals begin, which is officially on November
Free Thanksgiving Printables. Just click and print!
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Grab 'em.
How To Store Candles. Try this helpful tip.
Pinterest Secret Boards. There are just some things you'd prefer to keep to yourself.
Top 10 Ways to Save Time at Home. The precious minutes of each day seem to fly by.
Craft Of The Day. These little bears are so adorable!
Home Style. It can be so easy to create an amazing space at home. It doesn't matter if you live in the smallest of towns or a major metropolitan city -- today you can shop online from anywhere and have the same cool home style as anyone.
Inspirational Decor. We know we are.
Dwell Magazine's First Ever Bath & Spa Design Guide For Sale On Newsstands Now. A great resource for any bathroom renovation you're planning!
House Tour. You can actually visit.
How To Create Your Own Home Fragrance. Hint
Country Living Appraises A 1930s Block Print. What are your goods worth?
'Market Warriors' On PBS Comes To New York City At The Antiques Garage (VIDEO). Did you watch?
Hurricane Sandy 2012. Never thought that would happen.
Buying And Appraising Gold Jewelry. Make sure you don't pay far too high a price.
Craft Of The Day. Give it a fresh, new look.
House Tour. A benefit of tiny house living, is that they can finally do work what they enjoy.
Weekend DIY Ideas. Get to it!
10 Easy, Non-Toxic DIY Cleaners for Your Living Room. Try these instead of store-bought products.
Paul McCartney And 12 Other Celebrities Who Have Flowers Named After Them (PHOTOS). Lady Gaga\u2019s not the only one.
How To Clean Cell Phone Keys With An Eraser. What an unusual use for a rubber eraser.
Thanksgiving Crafts. How cute?
Sew For Sandy. Ideas for pint-sized scarves, mittens, hats and more.
How To Remove Paint Odor With An Onion. A must-try trick.
Repurposing Ideas. Great as an art medium, produce saver and more!
House Tour. Where he lived during his Columbia days.
Tiny Homes. ...we think.
Organic Authority's Favorites. Free of chlorine, sulfates, parabens and other nasties.
WATCH. Monica Potvin and Markel Otaola bought the 323-square-foot apartment in Barcelona's Gothic Quarter during their child-free years, when location was more important than space.
Pinners To Follow. We were overloaded with inspiration.
House Tour. You can learn a lot about relationships from the homes that people share.
Cleaning Up A Home After A Flood. Get involved!
Craft Of The Day. Make these fun, neon magnets.
10 Life Lessons I Learned From Hurricane Sandy. There's only a fine line separating us from the 1920s, and that's our power grid.
Homes Flooded By Beaver Dam Breach In Duvall, Washington (VIDEO, PHOTOS). Well, this is unusual.
James Franco Uploads Photos Of A Unique Art Installation (PHOTOS). He's displayed his quirkiness again with some very, um, unique art.
Craft Of The Day. Since we're all guilty of keeping them around the house.
A Tree Branch Lamp On Reddit And 8 Other DIY Ideas Using Fallen Trees After Hurricane Sandy. Hurricane Sandy brought some unlikely DIY opportunities.
Thanksgiving Party Collection. It's time to start thinking about sweet potato casserole, turkey and pumpkin pie!
Cleaning Your Refrigerator Properly. Your refrigerator is one of the top energy-using devices in your home, so keeping this large appliance running efficiently can help you reduce your energy bills and save you some cash!
Home Style. From vertical shelves and hanging baskets to using under-the-bed storage for dirty clothes, About.com's laundry expert's got a solution for virtually every size and shape place you might be living in.
Sew For Sandy. We are asking our readers to \Sew For Sandy\ and put their crafty skills to the test.
How To Polish Silver With Bananas. It may help you out during holiday parties.
How to Throw a Winning Election Night Party (PHOTOS). As recent transplants to Toronto from Washington, DC, where we lived just a few miles from the White House, I felt it was my civic duty to host an election night party for my expat friends.
How To Fix A Squeaky Door Hinge With Butter. Very unusual.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Grab 'em.
House Tour. This writer did it, and so can you.
Knitting Clock. Yes, this is real.
Craft Of The Day. Pumpkins aren't just great Halloween decor
Photo Restoration. Read this before throwing them away.
Hurricane Sandy Forced Us To Be Extended House Guests... Indefinitely. Without power or heat, we jumped at the chance to sleep on their sofa.
Everyday Innovation With Dave Delaney (VIDEO). Digital lifestyle blogger Dave Delaney from Davemadethat.com shows us the innovative tech gadgets he uses to help him accomplish
Life's Little Surprises (VIDEO). Watch as professional lifestyle blogger Stacey Platt from Dwell Well shares surprising tips to add convenience and help save
Laundry Lifesavers (VIDEO). Professional lifestyle blogger Stacey Platt from Dwell Well offers suggestions to help keep laundry smelling and feeling
Craft Of The Day. Warm your home with these.
Miranda Lambert's Store Pink Pistol Will Open On Black Friday. According to The Boot, Lambert will be opening her store, Pink Pistol, in Tishomingo, Oklahoma. Lambert said the store will
Extreme Staircases That Make Us Dizzy Just Looking At Them (PHOTOS). Staircases that are so cool they make us a little sick.
Hurricane Sandy Clean-Up. Because those fallen trees won't pick up themselves.
Blankets For Sandy. HuffPost Home is organizing a #BlanketsForSandy initiative.
The Price Of Shaquille O'Neal's New Home In Florida Is Actually Reasonable. It\u2019s unbelievable.
Brad Pitt's Furniture Line Has Frank Pollaro's Art Deco Touch (PHOTOS). Wait...really?
How To Clean Soap Scum With Cooking Spray. Have you tried this trick?
The Lady of the House (VIDEO). Check out the video above as professional lifestyle blogger Stacey Platt from Dwell Well shares tips and tricks that will
How To Defog A Bathroom Mirror. There are two very easy ways to do this.
House Tour. This curved home was built right into the side of a hill.
Weekend DIY Ideas. Each can be done in two days or less!
Furniture Made In America. This is one of few companies that are producing goods right here in the USA.
The Ultimate Techie Travel Guide. Holiday travel is upon us.
Craft Of The Day. Don\u2019t let the cold weather stop you from freshness.
How to Deal With Stress. The demands of life can be overwhelming at times.
Hot On Pinterest. What a cool craft.
Sprout Inspiration Of The Week. Yeah, we didn't think it was possible either.
Living Off The Grid. We are intrigued by the concept.
5 Easy Ways to Improve Your Home's Curb Appeal. Recently one of my best friends decided to put her home on the market, and the first thing she did to get ready was improve her home's curb appeal.
Overcoming Seasonal Affective Disorder With Gardening. Recently I spoke to someone who had battled mental depression and had turned to gardening as a means of therapy, she told
How To Get Rid Of Ants In Your Home. Thanks to our readers, we now have a ton of new ideas that could actually do the trick.
How To Light A Candle With Spaghetti. An unusual but very help tip!
Hurricane Sandy 2012. Unbelievable.
Craft Of The Day. And protect it at the same time.
Pinners To Follow. Just because Halloween has passed doesn't mean we'll be on Pinterest any less.
Repurposing Ideas. The best part? They're all calorie-free.
Tiny Homes. What will they think of next?
Easy Ways To Clean And Organize Your Home In 15 Minutes Or Less. I set an egg timer to see how much I could accomplish. And I was pleasantly surprised.
Craft Of The Day. Some last-minute Halloween prep!
6 Halloween Printables That'll Keep You Out Of The Party Store (PHOTOS). Until next year.
How To Remove Wrinkles From Clothes Without An Iron. You can do without it.
This Book Page Pumpkin Craft Idea Can Last Forever. Perfect for the whole season.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Grab 'em while you can.
How To Fix A Shrunken Shirt With Hair Conditioner. This could solve a lot of problems!
Halloween Decorations. It's crunch time.
9 Hip Halloween Items For Your Home That Won't Creep You Out. Halloween is almost here, and many of us haven't decorated much. Here are nine items that add just a touch of Halloween flavor, and won't blow the weekend budget or take several hours to make.
Country Living Appraises A Circa-1915 Medical Tool Cabinet. Here\u2019s a hint
Home Security Cameras. Awesome or creepy?
5 Beauty Items for Home Repair. Resting on your shelves are five multi-tasking beauty products that can upkeep your home.
Craft Of The Day. Make your home the scariest on the block.
How To Dry A Sweater With A Salad Spinner. What a crazy trick!
A Conversation With Decorator and Reality TV Star Nathan Turner. In Nathan Turner's new book, he gives ideas on how to achieve his aesthetic and also dispenses advice on entertaining, a skill he prides himself on.
Buying Guide. Vinyl records haven't gone extinct, and there is good reason behind that.
Halloween Decorations. Let them have a way with words.
Halloween Decorations That Are Hot On Pinterest. It\u2019s almost time.
House Tour. Suleman shows off the five bedroom and three bath house for fifteen.
Weekend DIY Ideas. Did you get anything done before Sandy?
How To Remove Mineral Stains From Glasses With Potato Skins. Having stains on your glasses sure is one way to ruin a party.
Craft Of The Day. Take advantage of the last weekend before the big night to make this.
Sprout Inspiration Of The Week. Get your bulbs ready.
How To Clean Your Bathtub With Grapefruit. Okay, this is pretty interesting.
Repurposing Ideas. Not just for carving!
House Tour. To live completely mortgage-free, they built their own tiny home.
Halloween Decorations. One of my favorite projects for Halloween is crafting a table full of miniature paper baskets.
Bottega Veneta Home Store To Open Early 2013. Added to the list of companies that are becoming decor-obsessed.
Decor Trends. We're pretty sure these are fads that aren't here to stay.
6 Must-Have Jonathan Adler Home Accessories. From serving trays to bookends, Jonathan Adler is one of my favorite places to shop for home decor.
Watch. In need of a nightstand, and not wanting to spend any more money or add to the waste, industrial designer Adrian Candela turned old IKEA boxes into new furniture.
The Happiness Project Pigeon Of Disontent. Even the most dreaded ones.
Pinners To Follow. We're busy looking for ways to make our home more cozy and comfortable.
Cool Bunk Beds That We Wish We Had Growing Up (PHOTOS). Kids today really don\u2019t know how lucky they are.
5 Reasons to Love Plywood. There are plenty of reasons to consider using plywood for your next DIY project.
Halloween Pumpkin Bowl Project. For this project, use spray paint dedicated to glass surfaces. Finish and Color
Homemade Halloween Costumes. Super cute and super easy.
Craft Of The Day. Your guests will love sipping from these festive glasses.
The Best Organizing Apps For Your Smartphone. Between work-life and home-life, the obligations seems to just constantly build up.
Spice Up Small Spaces With These Expert Tips. We see a lot of small space problems... and come up with even more solutions.
Halloween Is a Night Like No Other. I love Halloween. I know how strange that must sound coming from a man who's made his livelihood off selling Christmas music, but it's the truth.
The Shelevator. If you have a fear of heights, this may be the perfect product for you. Schwartz came up with this idea after seeing his
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home?
Craft Of The Day. Who knew Halloween crafts could be so charming?
9 Free Printable Pumpkin Stencils For A Guaranteed Halloween Masterpiece. Sculpt and carve your pumpkins like a pro.
Repurposing Ideas. It can actually be useful in your home.
Tiny Homes. If you thought you had the coolest house, we\u2019re about to school you.
Top 10 Live/Work Houses. The live/work trend is steadily on the rise and I am personally very intrigued about how this will influence and change our homes. But I also find it fascinating how it relates to the bigger picture of society, what it means, where it comes from and where it's taking us.
Haunted Houses. Survey says that one out of three people would!
'Spiritual Home Cleanse' Sites Promise To Get Rid Of The Ghosts In Your Home, Seriously. DIY ways to rid your home of ghosts (or just some annoying noises).
President Obama Or Mitt Romney. Let us know by taking our poll!
9 Ways to Make Your Event Interactive. If you think about it, events are the original interactive \application.\ They're where people come together to experience an organization beyond the fundraising letter, to connect with like-minded individuals, to see a mission statement in action.
Craft Of The Day. Why should spiders get to have all the fun?
Naturally Rid Your Home of Mold and Mildew. If you want to thwart these musty house guests from sticking around, keep your home dry. Mold loves warm, humid areas, like bathrooms or a damp basement. To stop mold from forming, try these tips.
How to Get White Socks White Again. We just didn't think it was possible.
Country Living Appraises A 1890s General-Store Bin. The price will surprise you.
Four Ways To Add Fall Flair To Your Home That Aren't Totally Tacky. The term \fall decor\ really gets on my nerves.
Ant Problem? Find Out If These 9 Weird Ways To Get Rid Of Ants Actually Work (PHOTOS). Find out what worked and what just made a mess.
House Tour. Her secret? She isn't afraid to get rid of the things she doesn't use.
Craft Of The Day. Looking for the perfect table setting for all of your Halloween entertaining?
Homemade Halloween Costumes For Adults And Kids (PHOTOS). As much as we love Halloween, the thought of buying a costume puts a damper on the holiday.
Pinners To Follow. If you find yourself browsing Pinterest for hours, you're not alone.
HGTV's \u2018Curb Appeal. Video shows amazing transformation.
The Happiness Project. We're all guilty of getting sucked into the black hole.
How To Clean Laminate Floors With Baby Shampoo. A gentle way to clean.
Incandescent Lightbulb Phase-Out Has People Hoarding High Watts. Recently, there seems to be more attention being paid to one item that is being stockpiled.
Antique Appraisals. Do you have an attic full of old junk you've been meaning to get rid of?
Candy Corn Vases Might Just Be The Only Acceptable Form Of Candy Corn (PHOTO). Warning
Bath And Beyond. When it comes to maintaining a home, one\u2019s work is never done. Whether it\u2019s a simple bathroom or kitchen remodeling, a backyard
Halloween Printables. No, we're not kidding.
Home Deal Breakers. We all have them!
Craft Of The Day. Use this stitching method to make awesome Halloween wall art.
Craigslist Real Estate. We've stumbled upon a lot of unusual items for sale but this one really made us stop in our tracks
How To Clean A Purse With A Lint Roller. We basically store our lives in our handbags.
A Pretty Paper Pumpkin Craft, For Those Who Never Want To Deal With Rotting Jack O'Lanterns. Real pumpkins only last so long.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Grab 'em
Halloween Party Ideas. We bet you're busy getting ready for some spook-tacular celebrations.
Repurposing Ideas. You can use rice for a whole bunch of household tasks. Here are our favorites.
5 Kinds of Boss's Day Gifts. This is the perfect time of year to let your boss or bosses know how much you appreciate their leadership and your position at the company.
Disney's Haunted Mansion Replica Home For Sale On eBay (VIDEO). \u201cWelcome, foolish mortals, to the Haunted Mansion. I am your host \u2013 your \u2018ghost host.\u2019\
Home Decor Obsession May Mean Self-Image Problems. Home decor enthusiasts are replacing the perfect body with the perfect lampshade.
5 Essential Tips for Single Homebuyers. More single homebuyers are entering the real estate market than ever before.
House Tour. Before they worked their magic, this was a raw and industrial blank canvas.
Country Living Appraises A 1953 Ceramic Pitcher. Get ready to be surprised!
How To Dust Blinds With Bread Crusts. A money saving secret for cleaning!
Craft Of The Day. We know that Halloween is still two weeks away, but we can't wait any longer.
Home Depot Style Guide Fall 2012. It has us wanting to do some DIYing to cozy up our homes.
Sneaky Ways to Make Any Space Smell Amazing. Today, you can bring in everything from the smell of fresh cut grass to lime and sea salt into any space through common things like vacuuming a room at home or cleaning off your desk at work.
Halloween Decorations. These eerie enlargers cleverly subvert reality--and require mere minutes to make.
Shopping for Furniture Online. I love buying furniture and accessories online, as the choices are endless! There are things to keep in mind when purchasing furniture online.
Jesse Jackson Jr., Congressman, Allegedly Used Campaign Money To Decorate His Home. Pretty surprising.
28 Free Halloween Printables That Simplify The Whole Decorating Ordeal. Click, print, decorate.
How To Get Rid Of DVD Scratches With A Banana. It\u2019s always a bummer when your favorite DVD \u201cskips,\u201d right?
This Paper Napkin Addict Transforms Her Collection Into Artwork. I'm not sure that I have the strength to kick this napkin habit.
Sprout Inspiration of the Week. I felt like Alice and the Queen of Hearts might have been on the other side!
Craft Of The Day. Try this vintage-inspired upcycling project.
Halloween Decorations That Are Hot On Pinterest. This craft's so cute, it\u2019s clear to see why it\u2019s a fan favorite on Pinterest.
Weekend DIY Ideas. This weekend, take some time to put your feet up, but also accomplish a few things.
Sherwin-Williams And The Hollywood Sign Trust Give The Hollywood Sign A Makeover. For its 90th birthday, the sign is getting a totally fabulous, celebrity-approved gift.
Extreme Dog Houses That Will Make Owners Jealous (PHOTOS). Life is good for these dogs.
Halloween Decorations. Pretty cool
Craft Of The Day. Not just for kids!
Pinners To Follow. We've been scouring Pinterest for Halloween DIYs, but we may have gotten a little sidetracked.
How To Clean Houseplants With Hair Conditioner. Can you guess what else it can shine?
Restoration Hardware Lawsuit. Yikes!
House Tour. Suzi West proves that a tiny home can still look and feel amazing.
Why I DIY. You'd think I'd be tired of doing things myself.
We Talk Endlessly About the Next President, But What About Our Past Presidents?. Artist Brian Tolle takes our most significant \memories\ of a collection of past presidents, distills them and incorporates them into an eclectic, irreverent, smart, and funny collection of \busts\ of our \fearless leaders.\
How Social Media Can Put Your Home At Risks For Thefts (PHOTOS). All it takes is one careless status update.
Craft Of The Day. We bet you can't even remember the last time you used a floppy disk.
5 Tips for Creating The Ultimate Gallery Wall. An eclectic display of frames can be incorporated in just about any room.
3D Printing. Can you imagine what this means for home product fanatics?
How To Clean Burnt Food In An Oven. Now that the cooler weather is here, we\u2019ll be using our ovens more and more.
Homes For Sale By Price. We\u2019re constantly scouring the real estate market to find great homes.
Why My Long Commute To Work Is Tiring But Worth It. Going home at the end of the workday is so relieving, especially when it took 2 hours to get there.
Etsy Updates Its Privacy Policy And Security Settings. We woke up to an email from the website this morning.
Bay Ridge Brooklyn. Trying to explain why I love my neighborhood is no easy task.
Craft Of The Day. Having trouble finding linens that match perfectly with the rest of your kitchen?
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home?
7 Of The Funniest Cleaning Commercials On TV (VIDEO). Have you seen these?
How To Clean Cobwebs With A Helium Balloon. An easy way to get rid of creepy dust-collectors without straining yourself.
\u2018Jersey Shore' Season 6 Premiere. We recently learned MTV reality star Vinny Guadagino just bought a house on Staten Island.
Repurposing Ideas. I've somehow accumulated way too many golf balls over the years and I know I'm not the only one.
House Tour. Our guest blogger Nate Berkus has a lot going on these days.
A Conversation With Top Designer Barbara Barry. Barry took time out to talk about making her mark in the design industry.
How To Remove Gum From Shoes With Peanut Butter. There\u2019s nothing like stepping in a wad of chewing gum to ruin a nice walk around the neighborhood.
'Up All Night' Got Me Thinking. We eat many suppers off of our coffee table while we have a full dining room just a few yards away.
Craft Of The Day. This COTD will be your new favorite travel accessory.
A $70,000 Bicycle Inspired By Thonet's No. 14 Chair. Let us give you a hint
DIY Farmhouse Bench Featured In The Handbuilt Home By Ana White (PHOTOS). A simple wood bench with a few pretty details will bring character and charm to any space.
House Tour. She knew exactly where to turn for decor that was safe and beautiful.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Fall is officially here.
Ron Wallace Grows The Largest Pumpkin, Breaking World Record (VIDEO). Bet you've never seen a pumpkin quite like this one before.
Cozy Up -- The Weather Is Cooling Down. Although I always mourn the loss of warm weather, there is something comforting about cozying up in front of a fire or in bed with a new book.
Martha Stewart Or Brit Morin's Crafts. Say it ain\u2019t so!
Halloween Decorations. Before you know it, one of our favorite holidays will be here.
Craft Of The Day. It's no surprise that we've found yet another creative way to use mason jars.
Kitchen Update. Giving your kitchen a fresh new look doesn't have to cost you thousands of dollars.
House Tour. He stole our hearts as a host of \u201cQueer Eye For The Straight Guy.\u201d
How To Clean Up An Egg Spill With Table Salt. Eggs are a key ingredient in so many recipes that it's inevitable you'll end up dropping one.
Weekend DIY Ideas. Ideas to help get your home ready for the fall.
Cool Treehouse Designs We Wish We Had In Our Backyard (PHOTOS). For those of you who weren\u2019t fortunate enough to have a secret refuge, we\u2019ve got your back.
How To Clean Your Iron With Toothpaste. Ironing is meant to improve your clothes, not get them dirty right before you're ready to wear them.
Repurposing Ideas. If you have some new uses, please share...no spuds about it!
Make A Dream Catcher With Erica Domesek. Follow your DIY dreams and add an eclectic inspiring touch to any room.
Joost Bakker's Bushfire Resistant Straw House In Australia Could Make Big Changes In Other Wildfire-Prone Areas (VIDEO). This could mean big things for wildfire-prone areas.
Pinners To Follow. After you follow our boards (hint hint), make sure to click on these accounts too!
Homes For Sale By Price. Click through our slideshow to see how much bang you can get for your buck.
Doorless Refrigerator Wall By Electrolux Design Lab Finalist Ben de la Roche (PHOTOS). Hey, here's a way to subtract a step between you and the beer.
Craft Of The Day. Doorknobs might not be the most exciting part of home decor, but they're impossible to ignore.
How To Build A Home Theater Screen By A Handy Reddit User (PHOTOS). We're always up for a good DIY project. And we love ones that don't need many tools.
WATCH. Three years ago, this family left their 4-bedroom home to move into a 320-square-foot prefab. Yikes!
Zara Home US Launch Is Everything We Expected And More (PHOTOS). We\u2019ve known a little secret we couldn\u2019t share... and now we\u2019re thrilled to finally tell you.
Gaetano Pesce's \u2018Six Tables On Water' Collection Is Unbelievably Realistic  (PHOTOS). Our minds are blown.
Craft Of The Day. If you've been looking for a creative way to store your craft materials, look no further.
How To Get Rid Of Refrigerator Odors With Newspaper. Because sometimes you forget about that take-out from last week.
A Handy Guide to Making Your Home Energy Efficient. A famous frog once crooned
'As Good As New' Vintage Home Line Launched By Gummo, Architects I29 And Krimpex Coating Systems. They completely cover old furniture and accessories in a cool grey matte finish? We're intrigued.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home?
Craft Of The Day. Make a personalized clay plate that will (hopefully) help you keep track of your keys.
How To Clean Underneath Your Refrigerator With Pantyhose. Cleaning and dusting underneath your refrigerator can be a very difficult task.
The Benefits Of Sleeping In A Hammock Explained By Passionate Reddit User (PHOTOS). Do you ever have those days when you just want to crawl into bed and sleep for hours? Yeah us, too.
Mushrooms As Building Material For Architectural Structures And Furniture By Philip Ross. We were always told to eat our vegetables, but never to sit on them.
HuffPost Home Launch October 2012. Welcome to the new HuffPost Home. We'll bring you inspiring decor, DIY ideas, as well as features on design. For all you practical-minded readers, we've got you covered with cleaning and organizing tips. No matter what your interest, you'll have the tools to make your home happier.
Five Faves. 3. 2Xist t-shirts -- notorious for incredible materials and fit One of TV's most famous chefs has a new show, 'Now Eat This
HuffPost Home Launch October 2012. We are thrilled to be launching HuffPost Home on Monday October 1st. Stay tuned for daily features including fantastic crafts
Halloween Decorations. Today will officially start the anticipation of Halloween.
Name Color Survey Reveals Gender Preferences. Many times, women and men who looked at the same colors called them something different.
How To Clean Up Broken Glass With White Bread. Saving money starts at home, and the tips in this section will give you simple ways to make your money go further both inside
DIY Idea. Photo by Karen from The Art of Doing Stuff Fall is the perfect season to be outdoors -- no oppressive summer heat and no
Low VOC Paints That Will Make Your Home Beautiful And Chemical-Free (PHOTOS). Companies now offer a large variety of low and non-VOC paints to help keep your home beautiful.
Carolina Fontoura Alzaga Sells Chandeliers Made From Bicycle Parts On Etsy Shop 'Facaro'. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. It takes true creativity and a strong
Hilary Swank House In Pacific Palisades, Calif. Listed At $9,495,000 (PHOTOS). Outdoors, the one-third acre lot boasts a pool, spa, fire pit, outdoor dining area and \serene ocean views,\ according to
How To Get Your Home Ready For A Big Event. There was only three weeks until my sister's wedding when my mother calls to tell me she's trying to figure out how to turn
LEGO Sculpture Akiyuky's 'Great Ball Contraption' Inspired. A creative and well built LEGO structure is a beautiful thing. We've been design geeks since childhood and were all pretty
How To Clean A Coffee Pot With Cream Of Tartar. Coffee can cause unsightly stains in your electric maker. And If you want to keep your percolator looking as good as new
Buying Guide. We all like to do our part to help protect the environment.
6 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). Another week has gone by, which means it's time for another roundup of weird Craigslist ads. Again, we're continuously surprised
Homes For Sale By Price. We wanted to see just what kind of properties we could get in America for a banging $500,000.
Best Sites To Save Money On Home Decor, Cleaning Products And More (PHOTOS). Since adults spend eight hours a day staring at a computer screen why not take the time to save?
Easy Tips To Extend The Lifespan Of Your Home Appliances. Whether you bought your home appliance at a local outlet or a big-box retailer, chances are you purchased it with the intent it would last a long time.
Ostrich Pillow. \We spend so much time at work, in front of a screen or in transit,\ says a spokesman for Studio KG. \Why not create something
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. These pouches are a great way to
Repurposing Ideas. For more great uses for everyday items, check out our previous installments of \5 Uses For...\ in our slideshow below! DIY
Anjelica Huston's House Turning Into The Venice Social Club. Huston had initially listed the compound for $18 million, two years after her husband passed away. Photos by Stephen Walter
How To Clean A Toaster Easily. A toaster is one place in your home where crumbs just seem to constantly build up. It\u2019s also one of the hardest appliances
The Perfect Gift. As much as I am here to tell you what the best gifts are, how to give great gifts and what the rules are for giving well... I'm also here to get you thinking and talking about your own gift giving experiences.
How To Clean Piano Keys With Toothpaste. If your piano or keyboard keys are looking a little dirty from one too many renditions of Beethoven\u2019s Moolight Sonata, it\u2019s
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Finding an inexpensive
The Bachman WIlson House And 12 Other Frank Lloyd Wright Homes On The Market Now (PHOTOS). We came across Wright on the Market, which includes listings for FLW houses currently up for grabs.
Country Living Appraises Late-19th-Century Fire-Alarm Indicator. \This Gamewell machine has been in my family for decades. Any idea what it is?\ - D.P., Eau Claire, Michigan Pumpkin Decorating
What To Do Before Tackling DIY Home Improvement Project. Will mistakes be made on your DIY project? Yes. Will you regret certain decisions? Definitely. The good news is that, if you attempt the project yourself, you can brag about whatever you accomplished or you just might have a good story to tell from the hospital.
House Tour. Looking at this apartment, it\u2019s easy to see how Leva became one of the leading designers for a fashion-forward brand.
Hot On Pinterest. This week we brought you another batch of must-follow Pinterest accounts. (Want to be in the running for next week's list
Hot in the Kitchen. Who says you can't be chic in the kitchen? Not only are appliances, cookware and other gadgets for your inner chef much more stylish than in the past, there are more options than ever before.
8 Weekend DIY Ideas That'll Fix Up Your Home In Less Than Two Days (PHOTOS). As we celebrate the beginning of another weekend, we can't help but think of new ways to fix up our homes in the next few
Craft Of The Day. Photo from Dina at Honey & Fitz. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and
DIY Idea. It can be tough to find the perfect wallpaper. After searching through books at your local home improvement store, you might
How Etsy Shop 'USB Typewriter' Restores Antique Machines For Modern Day Use (VIDEO). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. Every time a newer and better form of
Christmas Decorations In September. Reddit Pic by usernameblank Certain retailers, like Nordstrom, historically chooses not to decorate until after Thanksgiving
Designer Showhouse. Have you ever wondered what would happen if a bunch of celebrity interior designers came together to create one totally awesome
How To Clean An Oil Painting With Bread. If you have beautiful oil paintings in your home, you may be afraid to clean them when they become dusty. Luckily, How Cast
Design Inspiration. Autumn officially begins tomorrow, and there are a ton of things we're looking forward to as the weather starts to cool down
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. The coolest part about this holder
House Tour. But the bedroom is finally done and though Zidarevich has two more rooms that she wants to redo, she\u2019s going to focus on
Craft Of The Day. Placing a vase on an empty table is an easy way to dress up a room without making it look messy or cluttered. But that doesn't
Homes For Sale By Price. We\u2019ve been searching for homes for sale by price for a few weeks now. And every time it gets a little more difficult and
7 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). In this week's edition of weird Craigslist ads, we bring you another list full of quirky, creepy and confusing things for
Weekend Test Drive. We drove through the city, up gravelly mountain roads and did some serious highway time as well. I feel like we really got to know the Enclave and I have say that we really liked it. Here is my break down of pros, cons and other opinions about the Buick Enclave.
How To Remove Car Odors With Basil. Unfortunately, unpleasant smells are bound to make their way into your automobile. Luckily, Reader\u2019s Digest found a unique
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. GET READY, GET
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. One of the best parts
'The Good Wife' Set Decorator Beth Kushnick Opens Up About The Show's Look And Why It's So Popular. The CBS drama \The Good Wife\u201d has gained major popularity with critics and viewers from all over the world. And what\u2019s getting
Going Paperless. Given all the bills, statements, manuals, letters, to-dos, shopping lists and junk mail that adorn nearly every surface in our homes, it can feel like the most unattainable aspiration to get to the bottom of it.
Repurposing Ideas. Accent Decorations Have a boring picture frame or storage box? Many people affix old keys as decorative accents. Whether
Finding Joy Amidst Dust and Drop Cloths. I wonder why there's no reality show about living in a house undergoing repair? The scenario's got everything
Craft Of The Day. Sometimes, scented air fresheners can be too overpowering. We may want our rooms to smell faintly of cotton, but not like
Tips From 'Secrets From A Stylist' Emily Henderson. 4. Keep artwork oversized and simple. Your room should only have a few larger pieces of art as opposed to busy, eclectic
How To Clean Wicker Furniture With Salt. White wicker decor can be a pretty accent for both inside and outside the home. But if you\u2019ve noticed that your pieces are
Obama's Oval Office Patents. \We came in when the economy was tanking and our first priority wasn't redecorating,\ President Barak Obama recently told
Extreme Lights That Will Definitely Brighten Your Day (PHOTOS). Designer Oscar de la Renta once said \u201cThe most important thing? Perfect lighting at all times.\u201d And since it is such an important
Here's How To Find The Best Fire Pits For Entertaining Outdoors This Fall (PHOTOS). Choose the style and material. Fire pits are on the market in a range of styles, and are most often made from stone, metal
Hot On Pinterest. Earlier this week we gave you a list of must-follow Pinterest accounts. (Want to be in the running for next week's list? Just
Country Living Appraises 1920s Louis Vuitton Wardrobe. We're very excited to syndicate one of our favorite columns, 'What Is It? What Is It Worth?' from one of our favorite magazines
10 DIY Appliance Maintenance Tips To Keep Them Running Like New. 10. Clean your air conditioner filter. Clogged or dirty filters restrict air flow, reducing energy efficiency as well as
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. In today's Craft Of The Day, we
DIY Idea. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. For a full, step-by-step tutorial, visit
Design Inspiration. As we slowly move into the cooler weather, your spring and summer plants may be looking a little less robust than when they
Weekend DIY Ideas. During the week, it's easy to forget about what needs to be done around the house. This weekend, set aside time for some
Inside The Googleplex, Google's Corporate Headquarters In Mountain View, California. Known for employing some of the world's smartest and brightest, Google didn't fall short when they chose Chris Coleman as
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Naturally grown in central and South America, they are generally epiphytic, meaning that they grow on other plants (but not
Pinners To Follow. Jamie Dorobek
The Benefits Of My Walkable Town--And Why I'm Glad I'm No Longer Trapped In Commuter Hell. I recently realized I have taken the benefits of my walkable town for granted. Although I have lived in Hoboken for almost
Small Space Living. Salmansohn, eager to maintain the happy feelings evoked by the neighborhood that she loved so dearly, did not want to stray
How To Clean Tarnished Copper With Ketchup. Whether it\u2019s a shiny tea pot, cooking pans or decor, copper is a popular element in the home. Unfortunately, the metal can
Tech-Savvy Design Tips. From tighter security control to the ability to coordinate lighting and climate so that you'll have lower energy bills, these
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Christina at Christina's Adventures. Embellishing your office supplies and making them uniquely \you\ is another
Autumn Leaves. Autumn is a season that calls our attention to Nature. It is a beautiful time of year, and I say \Embrace it!\
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Brigitta at Norske Interior Blogger We love how the lights reflect off the egg cartons and make the flower appear
7 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). It's easy to get lost exploring Craigslist and its infinite amount of postings. Items range from the useful, practical and
How To Polish Stainless Steel Appliances With Olive Oil. Stainless steel appliances are a gorgeous accent to any kitchen. Unfortunately, the metal is prone to finger smudges and
Fall Design Ideas. The cool weather is finally upon us and before you know it fall will be in full effect. And that means transitioning your
Homes For Sale By Price. Every week we\u2019ve been searching for homes for sale by price. And we\u2019ve been shocked by what you can get in different cities
Repurposing Ideas. Lawn Furniture Cleaner With fall rapidly approaching, it will soon be time to put away your outdoor furniture. Whether you
Craft Of The Day. No matter where we're going, we tote our keys for the house and car around with us every single day. So, why not carry them
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). DISCLOSURE
How To Clean Hardwood Floors With Tea. Hardwood floors are a beautiful accent in any home. But it\u2019s certainly a turnoff to see smudges, dirt and dust lingering
Marine Cpl. Juan Dominguez, Triple Amputee Afghanistan War Veteran, Gets New 'Smart Home' On 9/11. \Keep continuing to pray for our troops out there,\ he told the news outlet. \They're the guys that give us this beautiful
Inside Facebook's Menlo Park Campus, And Plans For Frank Gehry's Additions (PHOTOS). Just as Facebook allows us to customize our own profile pages, the company encourages its employees to make their surroundings
Country Living Appraises 1930s Grape Shears. What It's Worth
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Liz Stanley of Momtastic. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr
Buying Guide. Buy the right size. Since slipcovers come in many sizes, it's important to measure your furniture before heading to the store
How To Clean A Glass Baking Dish With Aluminum Foil. When cooking, some of our favorite treats leave behind grease and other stuck-on substances that seem almost impossible to
Check Out My Video Book Trailer. Gretchen Rubin, author of The Happiness Project, previously enlightened us with 7 ways to be happier at home. And since her
House Tour. When Trump and husband Jared Kushner moved into their home, there was one thing that was important
Color Palettes Inspired By Our Favorite House Tours (PHOTOS). We love house tours because they offer a glimpse inside all sorts of interesting homes, whether they be urban apartments
Tintable Chalkboard Paint By Benjamin Moore. Benjamin Moore photo Pretty cool, huh? Take a look at our slideshow of ways to use this fun product, like on toy chests, cupboards
Hot On Pinterest. Photo by Kristi from barnowlprimitives Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook
Weekend DIY Ideas. As the weekend begins, it's time to start thinking about what you want to accomplish in the next couple of days. You'll obviously
'American Time Use Survey' 2011 Reveals We Spend 11 Minutes A Day Cleaning. We're not really sure what to make of these statistics, but maybe if we spent a little more time on housework and less than
Take Advantage Of Back To School Sales. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. Right now, the time is better than ever
New York Real Estate. According to Douglas Elliman real estate agency, the separate living area, complete with central air, heat, cable, oculus
Celebrity Homes. Real estate is the great equalizer. While celebrities may be able to saunter past the peons to the better restaurant table
Design Hotels. Booking a stay in a standard, chain hotel is the easiest way to plan a vacation. A brand name assures us that our room will
Pinners To Follow. Dezeen Magazine
How To Clean A Dishwasher With Kool-Aid. Since a dishwasher is made to do most of the dirty work for us, it needs its own cleaning every once in a while to remove
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Meg Zandi of Radical Possibility We love how completely adorable these are. They would make a great addition to
House Tour. But what\u2019s even more amazing than the worldly treasures found in this Manhattan residence, is the tribute to the history
Craft Of The Day. There's no denying it
Dragon Dagger Holder And 7 Other Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). Every week, in our roundup of weird Craigslist finds, you might be fortunate enough to find the perfect quirky addition to
'Flipping Out' Premiere. \Flipping Out\ returned for a sixth season with Jeff Lewis and his newest assistant, Andrew. Andrew is a trust-fund baby
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Melissa from Look What I Made. We see interesting objects decorated with embroidery all the time. But we've never
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Hosting Tips. Since the Republican And Democratic National Conventions are essentially the two biggest parties to be thrown in America
Repurposing Ideas. For more great uses for everyday items, check out our previous installments of \5 Uses For...\ in our slideshow! Scuff Eraser
How Do They Make a H\u00e4stens Bed?. What started as a saddle and carriage furniture maker in 1852, simply named H\u00e4stens or \horse\ in Swedish, soon became a purveyor of hand-crafted beds made of all-natural materials like cotton, wool, flax and of course, horsehair.
Craft Of The Day. The best thing about this planter is that it requires only minutes and a few tools to make. The hardest step is finding the
Country Living Appraises A Late-1800s Dictionary Stand. What It's Worth
Sprout Home Inspiration. You can order larger echeveria from a local green house or grower or pick up smaller ones at garden centers or even grocery
Styling a Studio. Due to an unfortunate urban incident, Josh had lost all of his furniture. Leaving town for a week of work training, he handed me a credit card, gave me a small budget and said, \I trust you. I'd like a place to sleep and sit when I get back.\
Clothing Organization. Somehow, by default, I became the queen of laundry for my family, and that has meant that I have had to learn, and indulge, their individual shopping and storage styles, or what I lovingly refer to as their \clothes crazies.\
Weekend DIY Ideas. We love long weekends. An extra day away from the office is the perfect opportunity to take on some projects that you might
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Debbie from Confessions Of A Plate Addict. We are guilty of a few things
How To Find The Best Pillow For Back, Belly Or Side Sleepers (PHOTOS). So, we've complied a buying guide with tips from Dr. Salinas and Gerry Borreggine, President and CEO of Therapedic International
Deal Decor Is A Website Dedicated To Helping You Save Money On Home Furnishings. Not everyone loves furniture shopping as much as we do. Between crowded stores, competitive salespeople and expensive price
Remove Grease From Fabric With Cornmeal. Grease can be quite difficult to get out of clothes and furniture. But just because it somehow finds its way to your upholstery
DIY IDEA. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. It always feels good to find
9 Common Myths About Clearing Clutter. 7. \After I lose some weight, I'll fit into these clothes again.\ If you lose a bunch of weight, you'll likely want to buy
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Since, seemingly, the only people
Pinners To Follow. Want to see your account in our weekly top 5? Then send us an email! Simply click \Send Us A Tip\ (below) with a link to
America's Favorite Color Is Blue, According To House Beautiful's 2012 Color Report (PHOTOS). Color is a very personal thing, but a new survey found a shade that a majority of Americans can get behind. According to
'Antiques Roadshow' Season 17. One of the best parts of my job as executive\nproducer for PBS's Antiques Roadshow is collecting and sharing the stories we discover\nas we journey across the U.S.A.
Return Policies For Walmart, Target And Other Retailers (PHOTOS). Whether you're getting ready for back-to-school or you're shopping around for new gear for the upcoming season, something's
Use Chalk To Prevent Silverware Tarnish. As time takes its toll, silverware can start to tarnish and look old. After splurging on a nice set, the last thing anyone
Craft Of The Day. Today's Craft Of The Day embodies the perfect mix of contemporary style mixed with an earthy, natural feel. Known as hypertufa
Ryan Seacrest Home Sold At A Loss (PHOTOS). Seacrest, who now lives in the 2.87 acre compound with his girlfriend Julianne Hough, can now officially close the book on
8 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). You can buy just about anything on the internet. Don't believe us? Check out these weird postings we found for this week's
A DIY 'Girl' Robot Clock Made From Computer Parts (PHOTOS). This project took him about a week to make and included the following tools
An Easy Way To Clean Dryer Ducts. You might not realize that something as common and widely-used as a clothes dryer could be dangerous. But as colder months
Homes For Sale By Price. Last week we really challenged ourselves while looking for homes for sale by price with a small budget of $100,000. In the
Craft Of The Day. We're always looking for new ways to dress up plain-looking kitchenwares. So, naturally we were impressed with today's Craft
Repurposing Ideas. So many people associate these scaled-down toys with playtime (or geekery), which is unfortunate to say the least. (I might be biased, since I have dozens...and dozens.) But in the spirit of this column, I'm finding new ways to use action figures in the home.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
Michael H. Rohde, German Photographer, Shoots Breathtaking Series 'Below The Floor' (PHOTOS). When we first saw Michael H. Rohde's photography series \Below The Floor\ on Design-Milk.com, we were floored. (Pun intended
How To Clean Your Mattress With Baking Soda. We routinely strip our beds and remake them to ensure the sheets are nice and fresh when we climb into bed at night. But
Craft Of The Day. We see a lot of different ways to take ordinary supplies and turn them into something great. Today's Craft Of The Day is
House Tour. I never doubted the move to a smaller apartment because I knew I was giving up space and stuff to take on a new lifestyle of having all the best restaurants on my street and sharing a close-knit neighborhood. This does not mean I parted with my things easily.
Goodbye Summer... Hello School Year!. It can be challenging to transition from warm days and beaches to schoolbooks, early mornings and car-pooling to soccer games and ballet practice. I find that there are two important aspects to a smooth and successful adjustment back into the real world.
Bryan Rafanelli, Event Planner Behind Huffington Post Oasis At The 2012 Democratic And Republican National Conventions, Answers Our Questions (PHOTOS). How do you calm the (frayed) nerves of hundreds of delegates whose smartphones have practically become appendages? You start
How To Clean The Water Dispenser On Your Fridge. A refrigerator water dispenser is a fun feature that sometimes gets overlooked during a routine kitchen cleaning. But cleaning
8 Front Porches Designed For Rest And Relaxation (PHOTOS). We could all use a little relaxation. Unfortunately, between work, school and kids, it's hard to find some time to get away
Sprout Home Q&A Of The Week. A
Morning Routines Are A Snap With a Stylish Vanity. At first blush, a vanity table may seem like an outmoded, though elegant, means of dressing something your grandma used. If you're tired of leaning over the bathroom sink for a view of your face; retrieving your makeup brush from the wet bowl and leaving the house with a toothpaste-stripe across your abdomen, it may be time to reconsider the ease of a dressing table.
DIY Craft Idea. We love a good repurposing idea that helps us get a little more use out of the ordinary items in our homes. So, when we came
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Holly from In The Fun Lane. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below
DIY Ideas. Sometimes we wish we could fill our whole house with amazing high end decor. But, a great alternative is when we find an
12 Free Printable Back-To-School Labels To Make Your Little One Smile. Before we know it, kids will be heading back to school. So, we've rounded up some adorable (and free) printables that will
Exterior Ideas. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Flournoy has proved that all
Weekend DIY Ideas. Labor Day weekend is right around the corner. So, this Saturday and Sunday are the perfect time to do a few spruce-ups around
Home Organizing. Sometimes when we're in a rush, we have a way of carelessly stuffing our phone cords, earbuds and other wires in our bag
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Have something to say? Check out
A Peek Inside The eBay Office In San Jose. Like Craigslist, eBay is a regular site we visit...but we don't think too much about what goes on behind the scenes (or, behind
A DIY Tote Made Out Of Tea Towels From The Curiosity Shoppe At Target Collaboration (PHOTOS). When we first heard Target was collaborating with the San Francisco craft and novelty store the Curiosity Shoppe, we were
Pinners To Follow. Nicole Hill-Confetti Garden
Fall Design Color Trends From Jon Spurlock of Christopher Guy's Highpoint Showroom. We caught up with Jon Spurlock, showroom director at the Christopher Guy Highpoint showroom, for a sneak peek at the hot hues to come for the season.
How To Remove Pet Hair From A Carpet Using A Squeegee. We love our pets, but we don't love the fur and hair they often leave, well, everywhere. If you've ever tried to vacuum up
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Elsie and Emma from A Beautiful Mess. There is a vintage-inspired item that's been spreading like wild fire as a
7 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). Some of us have a pleasant childhood memory of Ronald McDonald, the jolly clown enticing folks to eat McDonald's. From getting
How To Iron Clothes With A Hair Straightener. We'd be lying if we said we never stepped out of the house with a wrinkled shirt because our clothes iron was broken (and
Homes For Sale By Price. A few weeks ago while looking for homes for sale by price, we challenged ourselves with a meager $150,000 budget. This week
Patio Ideas. Click on items in the images below and scroll through to find some of the pieces used in the makeover. Editor's Note
Craft Of The Day. Besides using them under steaming dishes, this cute decor comes in handy in a number of different ways. You can place them
How To Remove Lipstick Stains Using White Bread. If you're anything like us, you might like to wear bold, daring lipstick tones, especially this time of year. Unfortunately
Repurposing Ideas. A cooler is a summer standby, but if yours is a little worse for the wear, don't chuck it just yet. Whether plastic or foam, the insulated container can do more than just chill a few bottles of beer.
House Tour. We're particularly fond of the array of artwork (sourced from local and distant artists) she has hanging throughout the house
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). DISCLOSURE
CustomMade Curator. Maybe it's because we love writing and all the letters and symbols that make up our language, but we think this playful chair
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Photo by Ez from Creature Comforts
How To Clean A Vase USING Eggshells. There are few things more contradictory than having beautiful, fresh flowers sitting in a dirty vase. Unfortunately though
Outdoor Ideas. When we first set eyes on the incredibly drab front lawns from this episode of DIY Network's Desperate Landscapes, we thought
Kickstarter Success Stories. Her husband suggested Kickstarter but she was hesitant, because like many of us she didn't know if other people would have
7 Tips For Blocking Out Noise So You Can Finally Get A Good Night's Sleep. Whether it's loud neighbors, buzzing pests or even a snoring roommate, annoying nighttime sounds can make your evening a
Country Living Appraises A 1930s Bowling Game. 1930s Bowling Game \My father passed down this miniature 10-pin set. How old do you think the toy is?\ - W.G., Little Rock
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. A baseball plant, or Jatropha Berlandieri, is a spectacle of a species for sure. Native to the arid parts of the southern
How To Create An Ombre Wall. Between crushes, fascinations and lust-have trends, my sea of inspiration is never-ending, which brings me to my latest obsession... the color MINT!  From my manicures to my midnight snacks, I just cant get enough.  I took a cue from my go-to hue and decided to inject a happy medium (literally) into my home. A new coat of paint can transform a room and your mood, but choosing the right color can be a little nerve-racking. I dove into this DIY with my head and paint brush held high knowing that Valspar's Love Your Color Guarantee would be my safety net.  Make your home stylish from the floor to ceiling with a freshly painted feeling!
Craft Of The Day. We think they look almost like mini-tree stumps...too cute! And they are so much more original-looking than the ho-hum plastic
Craft Room Ideas. To learn more tips on how to design a craft room, check out the video above. Whether you already have a craft room or you
DIY Repurposing Crafts. We're always looking for ways to reinvent ordinary items in our home. So, when we realized all it would take is hot glue
Weekend DIY Ideas. We know we\u2019ve been saying \u201csummer is almost\u201d over for a few weeks now...and we know you want to relax and enjoy it. But you
Buying Guide. Although we are no longer students, there is something about the approach of the fall season that has us thinking about pencils
The Psychology Of Sitting And Choosing The Best Chair. Seat padding also matters. Ackerman, Nocera, and Bargh found that people sitting with more or less padding under their butts
House Tour. Click through out slideshow to see photos of Botkier's home. We're particularly fond of the bright red doors and windows
Craft Of The Day. These DIY thread spool wine corks from the creative crafters at A Beautiful Mess are absolutely adorable. And we think they'll
Pinners To Follow. Amanda Jane Jones
How To Get Rid Of Mildew Smells From Towels. There's nothing worse than stepping out of the shower fresh and clean only to be met by an awful dank odor coming from your
Tiny Home Cube. When designer Monica Potvin and her husband Marquel bought a small apartment in Barcelona's Poble Nou neighborhood, they had no plans of having children so they knocked down walls to create an open studio space with plenty of light.
Bathroom Ideas. For many homeowners, the bathroom is the last frontier when it comes to redecorating or renovating. And that was just the
Homes For Sale By Price. Last week while looking for homes for sale by price, we challenged ourselves with a meager $150,000 budget. But this week
Craft Of The Day. This DIY chevron candle from Hi Sugarplum! is the perfect side table decor. And making your own isn't as tough (or time-consuming
9 Weird Craigslist Ads From Across The Country (PHOTOS). Every week we find some pretty bizarre things for sale while surfing Craigslist. Sometimes, though, the same creepy things
'Craft Wars' Recap, Season 1 Episode 8. Watch the video above to see the structures from the \Master Craft\ challenge and let us know
Nina Boesch MetroCard Collages. Back in 2011, we saw artist Thomas McKeans create exciting mosaics with used MetroCards. But, New York-based designer Nina
Pinterest iPad, Android Apps Unveiled. In its first official press briefing, Chief Executive Ben Silbermann said on Tuesday the Android app was among the most requested
New Etsy Rules. New additions to the list? Tobacco and other smokeable products, human bones or body parts (which excludes hair and teeth
Craft Of The Day. We especially love this bunting because it's out of the ordinary. It's not everyday we see wedding decor made from t-shirts
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list
5 Uses For Rubber Bands Beyond The Office. Rubber bands are the unsung heroes of the workplace, offering an easy way to keep giant file folders and other random papers bundled together. For most people, that might be the only job for these lowly office supplies. But there are a bunch of new uses for rubber bands--here are just a few of my favorites.
Kitchen Decor Ideas. Click on items in the images below and scroll through to find some of the pieces used in the makeover. Editor's Note
9 Crazy Toilets That Will Have You Saying...Really?. As home decor fanatics, we often come across some pretty stand-out designS, so we're not all that easily surprised. These
How To Remove Burnt Stains From Stainless Cookware. If there's one particular pan or pot you use often to cook your favorite meals, chances are it's going to show wear and tear
House Tour. To some, a collection of vintage ceramics, glass figurines and mementos from trips are just dust-collectors, but to others they are the makings of a beautiful home.
'HuffPost Live' Set Designers Roman And Williams Bring Style To The Huffington Post's New Streaming Video Network (PHOTOS). Created by design team Robin Standefer and Stephen Alesch of Roman and Williams, the HuffPost Live set resembles a traditional
House Tour. Originally, the main floor of the home consisted of a shabby bedroom, a bare kitchen and a small living room. To create a
How To Deodorize Your Carpet Naturally With Baking Soda. Between dirty shoes and and nasty spills, it's very likely for home carpets to emit some funky odors. But removing smells
Watch Lauren Conrad's Crafty Creations. We already knew this reality star turned media mogul could write, and we knew she had great fashion and decor sense, but
Organizational Tip. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Photo by
Weekend DIY Ideas. With the last few weeks of summer upon us, you're probably not as thrilled to tackle your to-do list as you are to hit the
Dorm Room Essentials Checklist. It's almost that time again. Students all over the world are getting ready to go back to college. So, it's important to make
House Tour. Sometimes it takes a while to realize our true calling. That was the case with Allison Bloom, a mother of three from Mill
Rachel Ashwell's Shabby Chic Design Inspiration. The British heritage and aesthetic is inspiring fashion and home decoration around the world,\nespecially in the U.S. My British heritage has certainly given me an awareness of history, roots, authenticity and an appreciation to detail.
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Lace has a way of making
For Sale By Price. Last week we set out to find beautiful homes for sale across America that cost $350,000. And boy, did we find some great
Kitchen Makeover. Let's face it-- when you have children, it's difficult to keep everything in the home looking just the way you want it. This
Pinners To Follow. In this week's Hot On Pinterest installment, we're bringing you a boatload of beautiful images to click through. From one
Ikea Bag Dress Is Massive, In Need Of A Good Steam (PHOTOS). Corell's not the first person to turn the iconic blue bag into a dress. This blogger took one bag (rather than 555) and fashioned
Repurposing Ideas. Do you know of any clever uses for playing cards? Share them in the comments! Photo from Flickr user ccarlstead For more
'CRAFT WARS' RECAP, SEASON 1 EPISODE 7. Surprisingly, each had completely different ideas for what represents their favorite tunes. Minda created a snake with different
Home Office Decor That's Pretty And Practical, And Fits Right Into The...Kitchen? (VIDEO). Some of Sarah's most helpful tips? Only store the things you absolutely need at your fingertips. (This may mean getting rid
How To Clean Flower Pots Using Vinegar. Cleaning pots thoroughly before planting flowers is an important job every gardener should take care of. A clean container
Kickstarter Projects. As design enthusiasts, we often like to browse through the creative projects featured on Kickstarter, a website that allows
Frank Sinatra's Apartment At 530 East 72nd Street On Sale For $7.7 Million (PHOTOS). Legend has it that Sammy Davis Jr. used to throw champagne glasses from the terraces onto FDR Drive, 23 stories below. The
Homes For Sale. Since we lost a few hours of our lives browsing through some of the most expensive homes in the world, we've been wondering
Frank Fontana, Host Of HGTV's 'Design On A Dime,' Shares His Renovating Tips (PHOTOS). We love getting expert advice from our favorite HGTV designers, so we were thrilled when Frank Fontana, host of \Design On
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Making your own only
How To Remove Water Marks On Wood Using Mayonnaise. During the summer there are plenty of ice cold drinks in your house all the time keeping you cool. But if you don't use a
DIY Ideas. In our quest for unique DIY projects we come across a lot of really cool ideas, but we have to say, this one really impressed
Home Depot Style Guide Summer 2012. To check out all of this amazing content and ideas, head over to Home Depot. Though many branded publications often turn
Hot On Pinterest. Earlier in the week we brought you our list of 5 fantastic Pinterest accounts to follow. (Want to be in the running for next
Sprout Home. Q & A -Powdery Mildew A
Weekend DIY Ideas. There are only a few weeks of summer left -- so why not make the most of them? We're talking weekend DIY ideas, where we
Create Beautiful DIY Marbleized Glass Using Nail Polish (PHOTOS). There's nothing more unique than these handmade marbleized tumblers because no two designs are ever the same. They are a
Outdoor Ideas For A Small Space. To learn more tips on creating an affordable and space-saving outdoor lounge, check out the video above. Click on items in
DIY Ideas. Anytime old materials can be used to create something new and useful, we think it's great. But, It's even better when this
How To Clean Plastic Food Containers. Plastic food containers are great because they allow us to save a lot of time (and money!) by storing leftover food so we
Inside Reese Witherspoon's Ojai Home In Elle Decor September 2012 (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Looking at this hacienda, it
The Coca-Cola Beatbox Pavilion, Musical Architecture Built For The London 2012 Summer Olympics. A report from The Financial, says that Khan believes this will change the way people interact with and experience the Olympics
Nature and Interior Design. When bringing nature's elements indoors people feel happier, healthier, calmer, and at the same time more energetic and optimistic about their lives. Here are some easy to implement tips for your indoor environments.
An Interview With Kitchen Designer Mick DeGiulio, Part I. Some women dream of one day owning a Chanel bag. I dream of one day owning a DeGiulio kitchen sink. Sleek, sexy and oh-so functional, they're the kind of sinks that make you want to jump up and cut some onions.
A Conversation With Decorator and Fashion Designer Kelly Wearstler. Much like the arresting color combinations she washes her rooms with, she applies the same fearless approach to color in her fashion collections. Below the decorator slash designer talks about happiness, style and ball gowns as office attire.
Hot On Pinterest. Want to see your account in our weekly top 5? Then send us an email! Simply click \Send Us A Tip\ (below) with a link to
House Tour. Well put, Kim. But with more free time on her hands, Nichols has found a way to hone her style. With hardwood floors, antique
Watch This Home's Exterior Get a Gorgeous Makeover (VIDEO). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The overbearing plants and
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. When it comes to our dining tables
How To Clean A Microwave Using Lemons. In the summertime microwaves are a great alternative to cooking in our ovens. But with a lot of use it's bound to become
How To Clean Bird Poop Off A Car Using Seltzer Water. It might not be the most pleasant thing to clean up, but eventually all drivers must succumb to removing bird poop off their
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands
CustomMade Curator. Who doesn't enjoy a lively game of ping pong? But to splurge on a custom made concrete table like this one, you'd have to
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Ashley Ann from Under The Sycamore. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest
How To Minimize The Mess Of Beach Sand Using Baby Powder. Tracking sand into your house after spending the day at the beach seems inevitable. No matter how well you shake, brush or
5 Uses For Milk Beyond Breakfast. Hair Conditioner Made of various proteins and natural enzymes, milk can make a great hair conditioner. Simply pour about
Create An Outdoor Grilling Station That's Easy And Inexpensive (VIDEO). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Positioning kitchen carts
Home Renovations In America. We're always looking for ways to make our homes more attractive, current, and comfortable. Although according to a recent
Craft Of The Day. We have a guilty pleasure
Crazy Beds That Will Change The Way You Think About Sleep (And Everything Else) (PHOTOS). In this line of business, you get to know beds pretty well. From beautiful daybeds to fun lofted beds -- we've seen them
How To Clean A Ceiling Fan Using A Pillowcase. On cooler summer days when you can skip on running the air conditioning, a ceiling fan can provide air circulation and comfort
Free Digital Magazine Alert. Do you dream about having a fabulous walk-in closet with places for all of your clothes, shoes and accessories? We do too
House Tour. When looking for a home together, the young couple couldn't find everything on their wish list at a price they could afford
Weekend DIY Ideas. When it comes to the weekend, we like to imagine a tranquil, peaceful time spent lounging and catching up on some much needed
DIY Ideas. We are firm believers that ruffles have a way of making bedding look instantly flirty and feminine, which is why we love
This Backyard Transforms From Plain To Party-Ready On A Budget (VIDEO). Designing a large outdoor space can be tough, especially when working with a strict budget. But the designers from HGTV's
House Tour. Which is true. The red accents in the kitchen and the mint-green chair and vases in the guest bedroom definitely add warmth
Easy DIY Napkin Ring Made From Plastic Spoons (PHOTOS). Daisies are the perfect summer accent, so what better way to brighten up your home than incorporating these friendly flowers
The Best Beach Chairs For Summer. Most seats are made from polyester, plastic or polypropylene because these materials are durable, washable, dry quickly and
Make A Garbage Can Smell Like Lavender, Not Trash Odors. Kitchen trash cans are one of the smelliest things in our homes. Even with scented liners and bags, garbage can odors can
House Tour. Stuart Plunkett first fell in love with the architecture and scale of his townhouse in San Francisco's Noe Valley originally
Craft Of The Day. The method behind these unique utensils? Dipping the end of plain wooden chopsticks into your favorite color nail polish
Charlotte Moss Designs A Dream Potter's Room For A Gardener (PHOTOS). Every gardener needs a small space to call their own where they can blissfully prune, snip, pot and arrange their carefully
Crafting And Money. Also, creating crafts is costly. If you want your product to last you have to spend money on the best materials and supplies
Hot On Pinterest. Looking for some design inspiration? This week's list of Hot On Pinterest won't disappoint! It includes a luxury furniture
An Artist Transforms A New York City Kitchen From Boring To Bright. Sometimes even when you've found your dream home, it may have some outdated details and awkward designs. But with a little
Decor Inspired by a Northern Calfornia Weekend Trip. The overcast and gray sky would normally make me very sad, but in San Francisco it was refreshing and inspired me to take a new look at coastal decor.
Craft Of The Day. Craft and photo originally by Elizabeth from Stockroom Vintage. We love these decorative jars from The Budget Savvy Bride
10 Strange Craigslist Posts From Across The Country (PHOTOS). On Craigslist, one person's useless item is another's treasure. Or is it? This week, we ask that question -- and so many
How To Disinfect Your Television Remote Control. We recently revealed how to properly clean your television screens, but your television's better half needs attention too
We Picked Out Wedding Gifts For Our Home Together...And Lived To Tell About It. When a couple first gets engaged, the thought of combining their two lives is exciting. But when it comes down to registering for wedding gifts, they have to combine their two different styles to create one cohesive home. And this is not an easy task. But with some compromise, registering for their new lives together can bring a couple closer, which is exactly what happened with Danielle, 30 and Anthony, 32. Here's their story.
'Craft Wars' Recap, Season 1 Episode 4. Watch the video above to see the crafts from the \Pop Craft\ challenge and tell us
Remove Tree Sap From A Car Using Rubbing Alcohol. Waking up in the morning to find your car covered in tree sap isn't exactly a great way to start the day. The sticky, gooey
CustomMade Curator. If you're looking for a stand-out piece of furniture for your space, we've found it. We can honestly say we've never seen
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). DISCLOSURE
Create An Outdoor Entertaining Area In A Small Space. The most important thing is to choose a table that will maximize the small space. It's best to choose all weather material
5 New Uses For Pill Bottles (PHOTOS). What do you with your prescription pill bottles when you finish taking its contents? Turn them into containers, emergency kits and more. Here are my favorite uses for this everyday item.
The 10 Home Remodeling Projects You Should Not DIY (PHOTOS). We admit it, sometimes we wish we could DIY everything. But the reality is that there are some things that are better left
How Ali Searls Turned A Love Of Vintage Decor Into A Career (PHOTOS). Look for quality. Let's face it. Many items were just made better in the past. Keep your eye out for well-made items that
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Erin from Erin's Creative Energy. We think bird feeders are great...they attract pretty birds to our outdoor spaces
How To Clean Paint Brushes Using Fabric Softener. We don't have to tell you that the quickest way to give your home a whole different look is through paint. The only down
The \Aluminum Aircraft\ Look (VIDEO). How many times have you seen an expensive piece of furniture and thought, \I can make that\? Not often? Never? Here is one example of how you can take inspiration from a catalog, and get the look for less. MUCH less.
Decorate Your Fireplace In The Summer With These Easy Tips (VIDEO). For instance, placing candles in the space is a great way to keep the fireplace looking cozy. Using candles of different
Geninne, Blogger In Mexico, Finds Inspiration In Nature (PHOTOS). I was posting a lot of photos of Turbo on my blog and it was conflicting because it was an art blog and I was posting photos
How I Went From Selling Real Estate To Keeping Bees (PHOTOS). We grew up in a house where Mom was always making something, whether it was homemade bread or fresh pasta, she was a whir in the kitchen. Like her, I feel very comfortable in the kitchen, and that's where my self-confidence blooms. I started cooking for myself after college; starting off simple, and when my future husband moved in, I took it to the next level.
DIY Glass Etching. If you've always wanted to add a personal touch to your glassware then these two etching techniques are a must-try. They
Weekend DIY Ideas. If your home has you a bit frazzled because there's so much you'd like to do and so little time, you are not alone (trust
How To Clean A Water Cooler, The Easy Way. We're constantly stopping by the office water cooler in the summer. But because there's always water flowing through it, we
With This Small Garden Idea, You Can Grow Plants Anywhere (VIDEO). Many of us don't have a large backyards to plant flowers and herbs, but that doesn't mean we have to go without our own garden
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Photo by Alissa from
House Of Labels. The couple has mixed feelings about their plans for demolition and remodeling because it means destroying the previous owner's
DIY Ideas. If you're looking for a unique way to display pretty summer plants or even a small tree, this DIY drum planter from Instructables
Meet The Controversial ArcelorMittal Orbit, Built For The London 2012 Summer Olympics. Standing at 377 feet, the twisted red tower is tallest sculpture in the United Kingdom. And while it was designed by Indian
How Google Decorated My Home (PHOTOS). It is safe to say that I spent a considerable amount of time over the past year scouring the internet for home decor options. I would Google each item and then spend hours studying and comparing all of the delicious home furnishing websites that I discovered.
Craft Of The Day. Remember the days growing up when you put a lot of thought into the notes you were about to send a friend, family member
Hot On Pinterest. Liz Bolina
Wes Anderson's Color Palettes From 'Moonrise Kingdom,' 'The Royal Tenenbaums' And More. Art by Rayden Salinas. Throughout Anderson's films, we have seen the director use a 70s-influenced color palette that has
House Tour. Sometimes, you just have to rely on a feeling. This is exactly the chance jet-setting couple Colin and Carolina Cormac took
How To Remove Candle Wax From A Deck With A Credit Card. During the summer months, we're particularly fond of lighting candles on our decks (especially the citronella kind) to create
How To Conquer Antiquing At Brimfield (PHOTOS). For a short period of six days three times a year, during the months of May, July and September, the tiny town of Brimfield, Massachusetts comes alive as thousands of antique fanatics prowl the grounds for those one-of-kind pieces. My first trip to this whirlwind furniture shopping adventure was last May and I was ready, or at least I thought so.
How To Remove Mildew From A Patio Umbrella. We recently revealed how important it is to clean your patio cushions, but there's another piece of furniture that needs
Give Your Kitchen A Makeover With These Easy Organizing Tricks (VIDEO). To see these tips -- and more -- check out the clip above! Some of Stacey's most helpful tips? Store certain items that aren't
Soul Food. The secret to soul in a kitchen is not in what you buy and put into it, but in how you make room for people and nature to come into it.
9 Strange Craigslist Posts From Across The Country (PHOTOS). We love that feeling of finding just what we're looking for while online shopping. But while surfing the interesting items
Buying Guide. Don't Get Caught Up In The Thread Count Hype. While most people think that the higher the thread count, the more decadent
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Stevie from Garden Therapy. To see a full tutorial on how to create these candles and other great crafts, head over
The World's Most Expensive Exotic Vacuum (VIDEO). Making matters worse, the expensive vacuum cleaner is being promoted with an equally ridiculous rap song that goes something
Top Tumblrs. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. This week we brought you another
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. PLEASE NOTE that
CustomMade Curator:A Lofted Bed You'd Actually Want In Your Home. Photo by Custommade designer Yoder Custom Design. At what age is a person too old for bunk-beds again? Because we really
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. And, be sure to check
Repurposing Ideas. Growing up in the 1980s, I watched a lot of \MacGyver.\ Thanks to Richard Dean Anderson's portrayal of a non-violent secret agent, there is whole generation that thinks they can save the world with a paper clip, a soda can and some duct tape. MacGyver was right -- you can do anything with your trusty paperclip.
Confessions Of A First-Time Home Buyer. My husband and I were so excited about purchasing our first home. With a little boy on the way, we wanted to get a move on
UCLA's 'Life At Home In The Twenty-First Century' Study Reveals Just How Disorganized American Homes Are. Here's a question
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. The best part
House Tour. She clearly likes to take chances in decorating and her bold use of color, pattern, and whimsy makes her spaces appear fun
A Look At Sandra Lee's Westchester Home In Elle Decor July/August 2012. We're particularly fond of the antiques throughout the house. From a stoneware cistern used as an umbrella stand to an old
Summer Entertaining Tips From Jonathan Adler. Entertaining styles vary, which is why we were curious to find out what we might discover at a Summer shindig thrown by Jonathan
Crafts For Kids. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Add those ingredients together
Sprout Home. Q
DIY Ideas. Every workplace, no matter how stylish, is plagued with the eyesore that is \office furniture.\ And our newsroom was no exception
Weekend DIY Ideas. We hope you all had a great 4th of July. Maybe, like us, you celebrated a bunch last weekend and are taking it easy this
Why A White Couch And Kids Isn't The Worst Combination Ever. They say your home should be your personal sanctuary, right? Last time I checked, my sanctuary didn't contain skateboards, trains or a diaper genie.
Five Things Your Kitchen Really Needs. I recently wrote about the things a kitchen really doesn't need, but who am I kidding?  For us Americans, the real fun is talking about what we do need.
Top 10 Gardening Mistakes. Digging up flowers instead of weeds. Drowning the tulips. Real Simple readers reveal their growing woes and garden design
Inside A California Home By TRG Architects That's One Part Traditional, Two Parts Modern (PHOTOS). San Francisco Bay-area resident Michael Rubenstein and his wife Lisa, an interior designer, approached TRG Architects with
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Photo by Shealynn Benner from Shey
How To Remove Sunscreen Stains From Clothing With Baking Soda. Applying sunscreen is essential to protect your skin from the strong summer sun. Unfortunately, the chemical Avobenzone found
DIY Ideas. Our favorite part about this useful decor is that it's made from a vintage mirror. This creative crafter took the frame from
Owen Gatley. While perusing Pinterest, we came across the work of Berlin-based artist Owen Gatley, whose unique illustration of a home
How To Clean A Wooden Cutting Board With Salt. Our cutting boards are out in full force during the summer months as we are dicing, slicing and preparing great food togrill
Seven Tips for Healthy Painting. Bottom line
Hot On Pinterest. Lisa Mende
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. This sign is definitely one of
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. You will often find cut Confederate Jasmine vines used in fresh cut floral, so feel free to incorporate the greens and the
Inside The Celebrity Vacation Homes of George Clooney, Oprah, John Travolta, And More (VIDEO). But the best vacation home we've laid our eyes on, well, pretty much ever, belongs to one of our favorite media moguls, Oprah
Make A Driftwood Centerpiece That's Great For The Fourth Of July -- And Beyond (PHOTOS). It's the Fourth of July and to me that means trips to the beach, backyard entertaining and blasts of color! I also joke that I'm actually named after our beautiful country, America; after all, I amERICA!
Deodorize And Clean A Blender Without Taking It Apart. As we're anxiously awaiting the end of the day to kick off our Fourth of July celebration, we can't help thinking about all
4th Of July Entertaining. Flickr photo by Jeff Golden - Make sure your patio furniture is clean and odorless. This cleaning tip explains how to clean
CustomMade Curator. We think this unique concrete fireplace integrated within outdoor seating is simply amazing, and we just had to share it
Craft Of The Day. What better way to salute the 4th of July than with this festive Craft Of The Day. These red, white, blue (and bling!) pinwheels
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
10 Beachfront Homes We Would Love To Vacation In. It's hot out there, and we're hoping to hit the beach -- soon! Wouldn't it be amazing to own a beautiful exotic beachfront
Home Renovation Confidential. In July 2011 my husband and I hired a general contractor and an interior designer to renovate our summer home in East Hampton, New York. Our plan was to get rid of all of our furniture and fixtures and completely redecorate every room from floors to windows to walls. We would also gut the outdated kitchen and bathrooms. After several weeks of discussing our design plans we handed the key to the contractor and left for our home in San Francisco. Nine months, 1000 emails and 50 phone calls later, we came back to our beautiful home which had undergone a major transformation.
4th of July Party Ideas. Catching some sun and sipping on cool drinks are fine activities for the 4th of July. But, it can feel a little boring after
Buying Guide. While gas grill are efficient, you just won't get that rich smokey flavor that only comes with charcoal grilling. These grills
Create The Perfect Summer Evening. A girlfriend recently asked me for some guidance on how to decorate her tiny San Francisco apartment patio. She wanted something simple that felt like an escape from the city, and had a relaxing ambiance.
How To Clean A Reusable Coffee Filter. If you have a single-brew coffee machine, you most likely have purchased a reusable \K-cup\-style filter system. While these
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Are you looking for a maintenance free plant that can take the heat of the summer months? Euphorbia Breathless White is a
10 Free Printables For Your 4th Of July Party. So, to help decorate your Independence Day soiree, we are bringing you 10 adorable (and free) printables. From cupcake toppers
4th Of July Crafts. If you want to show off your patriotic side during the Fourth of July, this hot air balloon-inspired picnic basket will certainly
Weekend DIY Ideas. With the 4th of July on its way (and fast) you might be rounding up your decorations and recipes, while trying trying to
For A Unique Occasional Seat, Try An....Indoor Swing? (PHOTOS). An indoor swing might seem risque to some, but really, it's a fun accent that can add a touch of whimsy to any home. And
How To Clean A Toothbrush Holder,  One Of The Dirtiest Places In Your House. Dentists are constantly telling us to frequently disinfect and clean our toothbrushes. But very rarely do they mention cleaning
Watch Mr. Munro, An Australian Penguin, Paint And Craft (VIDEO). To see Mr. Munro (and animals) in action, watch the clip below! Okay, so maybe he's not that good, but few could argue this
DIY Ideas. You might be thinking to yourself
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Cassidy from Fit, Crafty, Stylish and Happy. This wreath, which looks like it could be found in tons of home decor
Tips To Find Great Stuff At A Flea Market. If you're not a seasoned shopper, flea markets can be difficult places to navigate. But there are a lot of ways to ensure
Cement Tile For Interiors Makes An International Comeback. We know what you are thinking. Cement, the industrial stuff that makes up our sidewalks, can be pretty? In addition to being
Need Entertaining Ideas For Summer Parties? Watch This (VIDEO). Among the talent was interior designer Cassandra Stearns who said mixing bright pops of color with vintage fabrics is one
Want Green Grass The Easy Way? Follow These 4 Low-Maintenance Summer Lawn Care Tips. There's nothing more beautiful than a lawn outside your home. But the effort involved in maintaining green grass can be daunting
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For a full tutorial
Need To Clean Salt And Pepper Shakers? Reach For A Hair Dryer. Salt and pepper are two of the most-used condiments. We're always being asked to pass the salt at the table or being told
How To Clean Your Garbage Disposal With Citrus Peels. The garbage disposal is a great kitchen gadget. It gets rid of our food waste and helps keep our trash from stinking up our
A Simple Way To Change The Design Of Your Room. One of the best ways to change the design of a room, is to add an accent wall. The easiest way to accomplish this of course is to paint one wall a contrasting color.
House Tour. To read more about this earthy but glamorous home, visit California Home + Design. Have something to say? Be sure to check
My Secret Junk Room Keeps Me Sane. Now, several years later, my fianc\u00e9 and I live in an apartment that was advertised as a \one bedroom plus den,\ the den being
Craft Of The Day. Diane Labombarbe via Getty Images Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr
12 Strange Craigslist Ads From Across the Country (PHOTOS). What makes us determine the strange Craigslist ads from the ordinary? Well, it makes us wonder \Why would anyone want to
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Photo by Jodie from
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Barbara Corcoran, Real Estate Mogul And 'Shark Tank' Judge, On The Challenge Of Selling Her Home (PHOTOS, VIDEO). Take a look through our slideshow to see photos of Corcoran's charming estate and head over to Gillian Stewart Real Estate
How To Clean Pruning Shears So They're Rust And Bacteria-Free. Pruning shears are one of the most important tools to have in your garden. From cutting away unwanted branches to helping
CustomMade Curator. But it's worth it to create one-of-a-kind art for clients, she said. Mosaics are great additions to homes because they are
Updating Your Fireplace Surround (VIDEO). If you have ever looked at your fireplace surround, and said \... Eh,\ there are things you can do to remedy the situation.
Help Me Overcome My Color Commitment Phobia. I'll admit it. I can't commit. \n\nNow before you judge me you have to know I've really tried to pick just one to sleep with. But just like clock work, every time it gets too serious, I get nervous and start questioning
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Liz Stanley from Momtastic. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below
House Beautiful July/August 2012 Celebrates Small Spaces With Big Style (PHOTOS). House Beautiful's July/August issue is all about the small spaces in our homes. And though it doesn't hit stands until July
How To Find Solar Lighting For Any Outdoor Space. Over the last several years, the availability of sun-powered lighting has increased, and there are more choices in styles
Clean Your Patio Chair Cushions In Time For Fourth Of July. Your patio is an entertaining hot spot in the summer, especially during the Fourth of July weekend. And while we know you've
Feng Shui Tips for Your Garden. Get your hands dirty and plant, trim, fertilize and reacquaint yourself with Mother Nature. Feng Shui teaches us that sheng chi or good energy can easily flow in places that are pleasing to look at, clean and maintained with care.
6 Free Printable Invitations For Your Fourth Of July Party. Are you planning a festive gathering to celebrate the Fourth of July? If so, you're in luck, because we have gathered 6 free
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Here's another wolf in sheep's clothing for you, though this plant is hardly vicious at all
Weekend DIY Ideas. It's definitely a downer when you want so badly to relax but know there are a few things you should take care of first. Well
Fourth Of July Crafts. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Photo by Kierste W. of Brown
Craft Of The Day. If washing the dishes is kind of a drag, this Craft Of The Day may brighten the experience a bit. (Okay so, it won't do the
Window Screen Cleaning Is A Breeze With This Trick. Window screens are absolute necessities in the summer. They allow us to enjoy the summer breeze without having to worry about
House Tour. When we stumbled across this video, which teases a Seattle house that looks like a \giant robot,\ we were skeptical. And
DIY Ideas. For the full tutorial, head over to The Crafting Chicks. You'll Need
How To Get Rid Of Mosquitoes. Getty Images Reach for the calamine lotion, it's mosquito season. Mosquitoes are out in full force right now because warm
10 Outdoor Dining Rooms Perfect For A Summer Party. It's finally summertime, and we are so ready for all of our favorite warm-weather activities, especially outdoor entertaining
Hot On Pinterest. If your home needs to be spruced and you're looking for some inspiration, our weekly installment of Hot On Pinterest can
Interior Decorating Robots. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. We were pretty much blown
Sprout Home. Q
Ravelympics, Knitting Olympics, Gets Angry Letter From U.S. Olympics Committee. But the USOC may end up regretting their assault - after all, these knitters are armed with needles and now they're angry
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Part of the sewing work is already
How To Clean Your Ice Cube Tray, An Oddly Dirty Spot In Your Freezer. Even though your ice cube tray is constantly being run under water, it can still be one of the smelliest gadgets in your
How Do You Clean Your Dish Rack?. Even though we only place clean items in our dish rack, it's still one of the dirtiest places in the kitchen. The water that
Craft Of The Day. If you've been searching for a unique accessory to add a little something to your living room, this Craft Of The Day will
11 Strange Craigslist Ads From Across The Country. Well folks, it's that time of the week. We've scoured Craigslist for the weird and strange-- and we weren't disappointed
My Mexican Home. To add a little more flair to the room, I decided to outline my one window in the kitchen with Loteria cards my mom had sent
Essentials for a Summer Beach Party. Last weekend was my friend's birthday and she had her party at the beach. She spent the whole afternoon getting ready for the event, picking up a few essentials for the perfect summer beach party.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
Craft Of The Day. For the full tutorial visit Michael Ann Made. You'll Need
Beyonce Palettes Tumblr. First, there was DesignSeeds. Then, there was Colour Lovers. And then, about a hundred other color blogs bearing palettes
Jennifer Adams Home. Every single day, anywhere I went, in every aspect. I didn't have new clothes like the other kids at school and had to stand
Small Space Ideas. These are the little tricks that have helped maintain my sanity while living, sleeping and cooking in the same 168 square
Craft Of The Day. Like most of 21st century society, we love our cell phones. It's kind of hard not to become attached when they keep us connected
Sprout Home. Everyone gets it once and a while... you find yourself stuck creatively and need some inspiration to pull you out of the
Home Renovation In New York City. I rented a shoebox-sized apartment (300 square feet) downtown and was just happy to be back in civilization where my friends wold come and visit me. A fourth-floor walkup, the space was described somewhat generously as a one-bedroom. I had one window which looked into an air shaft where some weird man would stare at me and my apartment smelled like sweet and sour chicken.
Adrian Grenier Gives Us 11 Ways To Go Eco Chic. Noted environmentalist and actor Adrian Grenier has just moved SHFT.com headquarters to the W Hollywood and The Residences
Weekend DIY Ideas. We know that with the weather getting nicer, you're probably not dying to spend your weekends doing household projects. (Neither
Father's Day Gift Ideas. While searching Etsy for Father's Day gift ideas, we stumbled upon some more great printables. These creative cards, posters
Craft Of The Day. You'll Need
Garden Design Ideas. Photos by Raydene Salinas Last Sunday morning I woke up with an idea for a project; A garden of bright, colorful flowers
In Studio. Tucked away in a studio minutes from the world-class surf of Huntington Beach, California, artist Heather Roth of the Salvage Design Company is hard at work smashing china plates with a hammer.
Hot On Pinterest. Niki Blaker
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Say goodbye to boring cardboard
Decor Ideas. To see the makeover and learn more smart tips for designing a chic dining room on a budget, watch the video. First, the dining
The Right Way To Clean Barbecue Sauce Stains. It's a two-step process. Soak the garment just like you would soak a dirty dish
10 Weird Craigslist Ads Of The Week (PHOTOS). This week while thinking about what weird things we might find on Craigslist, the thought came to mind that eventually we
How To Clean Iced Tea Stains From A Plastic Pitcher. Now that summer is just about here, you may be enjoying your fair share of refreshing iced tea. And let's be honest, it's
Small Space Ideas. Though you don't have to live in a city to find yourself contending with a small room, New York is almost synonymous with
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands
Buying Guide. Pick a pattern. Gone are the days of muted brown outdoor rugs. These floor coverings are now available in brightly-colored
Craft Of The Day. Confession
Repurposing Ideas. Have another great use for lemons? Share in the comments below! Chrome Restoration Whether it's a bathroom fixture or a decorative
How To Clean A Grill With...Coffee?. Coffee is good for starting the day, keeping you awake for meetings and...cleaning the grill? Yes, it's true. The acidic
Create A Unique Centerpiece With Rocks. A centerpiece designed with stones is as simple as it is sophisticated. A trio of colorful pebble \parfaits\ makes a modern
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Often times we think plants for our outdoor gardens need to be planted in soil. But I'm here to say
Craft Of The Day. How to Make It
9 Free Printable Father's Day Cards, Favors And More (PHOTOS). Father's Day is only a week away, believe it or not. While we were looking for great gift ideas, we stumbled upon a bunch
Country Crooner Kenny Rogers To Auction Georgia Compound (PHOTOS). Country music and rotisserie chicken impresario Kenny Rogers is rolling the dice and hoping an auction will be the best way
20 Fabulous Ceiling Lights That Are Anything But Ordinary. If your home was built within the last ten years, then chances are it came with those hideous builder-grade \boob lights
Weekend DIY Ideas. Summer is in full swing and if you're anything like us, you'd rather be sitting by a pool than doing chores. But, if it's
Fathers Day Gift Ideas, Inspiration And More From Pinterest. Ruthie Nixon-Oneal This self-described crafty girl's Father's Day board is most definitely full of inspiration. The cards
The Cutest Dog Houses From Around The Net (PHOTOS). When searching for that special dog house for your furry friend, there are a few things you should keep in mind. First off
How To Clean A Fan Without A Hassle. Ahhh...it's pretty amazing how good a constant flow of air can feel on a blistering hot day. For those of us who aren't lucky
13 Swimming Pools We'd Love To Splash In (PHOTOS). When we think about summer fun, the first things that pop into mind are refreshing drinks (read
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Wilma Boekholt for By Wilma. It's easy to create a sweet setting with this Craft Of The Day. These lace candle holders
How To Clean Water Toys For Safe, Summer Fun. Water toys are a timeless pleasure
Hot On Pinterest. Susan Long
HGTV 'Design Star' Season 7 Episode 2 Recap. Designer Jordan Cappella was sent home this week after presenting the least popular design. David Bromstad, former \Design
12 Strange Craigslist Ads Of The Week (PHOTOS). This week's strange finds on Craigslist have us wondering if there should simply be a \Weird Things You Don't Want\ section
Design Ideas From A Couple's Dream-Made-Reality Rustic Winery. After more than 20 years in the software industry, Mark Nelson ventured in a new direction when he set off to open Ovid Winery
Country Living Appraises A 1905 Hardware Case. Circa-1905 Hardware Case What It's Worth
Frodo's Simple Living. Customers are using their hand-crafted structures as chicken coops (complete with distinctive rounded doors and windows), playhouses, garden sheds, backyard offices, yoga studios, meditation suites and guest cottages.
Garden Wall Ideas. Forget wall paintings and murals. The newest trend hitting homes across the nation
Repurposing Ideas. For more great uses for everyday items, check out our previous installments of \5 Uses For...\ in our slideshow below! Igloo
Tori Spelling, Kate Middleton, And 6 Other Celebrities Who Love To Craft. We're not the only ones obsessed with DIY. From the looks of these candid photos, our favorite stars enjoy getting creative
Weekly Roundup Of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Craft Of The Day. Editor's Note
How To Clean An Awning So It's Summer-Ready. Whether you're entertaining outdoors or just lounging on the deck, the shade from an awning provides the perfect refuge from
DIY Ideas. When admiring these lovely vases, you may be thinking, \hmm...this looks like it could be sold at Anthropologie.\ And you'd
How The 99% Lives. My father gave my mother a sense of independence, but when he passed on, she realized that she didn't know how to do the
City of Styles. Walking through the neighborhoods of Valpara\u00edso, Chile is like a look at centuries of European architecture painted in a rainbow of hues and graffitied everywhere in between.
How To Organize Your Kids' Stuffed Animals So They Stop Taking Over. If your young stuffed animal aficionado has made it clear that population control is out of the question, try the following
Buying Guide. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Remember, there is such a
Craft Of The Day. Take an ordinary lampshade from boring to outstanding with this Craft Of The Day from The Handmade Home. Instead of splurging
Flavorlopes. We were pretty excited when we came across this new invention, because now, instead of the bitter taste of glue, you can
Sprout Home Inspiration Of The Week. Gabion walls have tradition that goes back for centuries. They are making a comeback in modern gardens and outdoor spaces
Hot On Pinterest. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Note
Weekend DIY Ideas. It was a short work week due to Memorial Day, and we're happy it's the weekend again! But, there's still tons we need to
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
DIY Ideas. You'll Need
Extreme Homes. While flipping through Flickr this week for the latest DIY and decor finds, we came across this unbelievable photo of two
How To Remove Skunk Odor From Outdoor Furniture. It's the pungent smell we all know and fear. And now eau de skunk is permeating from your patio furniture. Now what? You'll
Cottage House Style. Growing up, we idolized Snow White...and her lovely little cottage. Which may be why, as adults, we feel a little sentimental
Father's Day Gift Guide for Your Super Star Dad. Here is a collection of fun gifts for dad that will rock his world more than another tie or personalized gift.
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. What You'll Need
HGTV Design Star Season 7 Premiere. A brand new episode of Design Star aired Tuesday at 9 PM (8 PM Central) on HGTV, and we were thrilled to catch it. If you
How To Clean An Outdoor Air Conditioner Without Hiring A Pro. If you're like us, you're already feeling the intense heat of (unofficial) summer. This weekend, in fact, we found sanctuary
House Tour. Watch the clip above from HGTV's Celebrity Motor Homes, for an in-depth tour of Diesel's trailer. Let us know your favorite
How To Organize Anything. Last month, we focused on spring cleaning and getting to those places that often get lost in the shuffle. And this month
Tablecloths, Punch Bowls And 8 Other Housewares That Are Going 'Extinct'. \Do I really need a punch bowl?\ my friend asked me. I was stumped. I guess there may come a day when she would want to mix
How To Clean A Coffee Maker Using This...Fruit?. If you're a daily coffee drinker, you know that going out for a cup of joe can add up to a pricey monthly expense. Thankfully
10 Lessons From a Designer Showcase House. Design Showcase Houses are breathtaking homes in which every living space has been given a makeover by an interior design or landscape professional. The annual events are eagerly awaited events by design junkies nation wide, myself included.
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. How to Make It
12 Strange Craigslist Ads Of The Week (PHOTOS). As usual, when searching Craigslist for strange home finds, we are never disappointed. This week's finds are some of the
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Jones Design Company. Make your ordinary light switch stand out with this Craft Of The Day. We are excited about
How To Clean Earbuds And Headphones. Whether they're for working out or blocking out office noise, earbuds and headphones help us get through the day with a little
Inside ELLE Decor's June 2012 Issue. ELLE Decor Magazine recently released the 2012 A-List
How To Organize. Whether you have an expansive collection or a few favorite pairs, shoes scattered on the floor can turn any floor into an
Repurposing Ideas. This common pain reliever can be used long after that headache goes away. From plant 'Prozac' to a surprising way to soothe sunburns, here are a few unusual household hints.
Craft Of The Day. How to Make It
7 Ways To Keep Wine At Its Best. Nigel Carr, former CEO of Oriel Wines, offers the following advice to ensure proper preservation of wine
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Today's selections include items by Lane, Lyfa, Cartier, Siemens and Kartell. Be sure not to miss the antique Chinese terracotta pottery horse, the floral 1950s tripod floor lamp and the Worden maple card catalog cabinet.
14 Free Printable Memorial Day Decorations, Favors And More (PHOTOS). With Memorial Day fast-approaching, you may be scavenging for last minute decoration ideas to make your backyard barbecue
7 Ways To Get Rid Of Ants, Flies And Other Picnic Pests (PHOTOS). It's officially outdoor entertaining season, if the firing up of all the grills around us is any indication. Whether you're
Weekend DIY Ideas. Though it's not quite summer yet, Memorial Day weekend always feels like the kick-off to the season. And it always reminds
Hot On Pinterest. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. You'll Need
DIY Ideas. Let's be honest, a bare wall can be a real challenge to decorate. Framed photos and artwork are typical, but for something
Memorial Day Sales 2012. This Memorial Day, we honor the courageous men and women who serve or have served our country. Thanks to them, we feel protected
The 10 Most Beautiful Botanical Gardens Across The United States (PHOTOS). Now that some of our favorite flowers are in full bloom, we're daydreaming about spending our days pruning the perfect garden
Craft Of The Day. For the full tutorial, visit Handmade Con Amor. Use this funky belt hanger to stay organized in style with this Craft Of
Inside A Gorgeous '50s Style Home In Haiti (PHOTOS). What do you imagine happened in this room? Tell us in the comments below. What do we love most about this space? Well for
Deep Craft. Discuss \craft\ with Scott Constable, whose training includes apprenticeships under master woodworkers and who specialization in traditional joinery, and you're likely to hear about such things as traditional bodgery and English guilds.
Hot On Pinterest. Wonder Forest
Craft Of The Day. How to Make It
Decor Ideas. Our favorite part of the makeover? The oversized, abstract painting of a grandfather clock on the wall. It adds a modern
Three Easy Ways To Clean A Grill. Regardless if you have a gas or charcoal grill, here are three tips that will keep your grill looking clean throughout the summer. (Plus a bonus tip!)
Decor Ideas. Next, came the bookcase wall. These inexpensive shelves in a rich dark brown color created a handsome accent that also provided
Moth Problem? We Test 9 Ways To Get Rid Of Moths (PHOTOS). Though we're sure they have their reasons for existing, we consider moths to be the 'black sheep' cousin of butterflies. They
14 Strange Craigslist Ads Of The Week (PHOTOS). Well, it's official. Craigslist may have become the graveyard for all of life's creepy things waiting to be sold to the next
Why Your Pyrex Suddenly Shattered...And How To Clean It Up (PHOTOS). It went something like this
Craft Of The Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Editor's Note
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Ok, so the name of the Nong Nooch vine is a little bit of a tongue twister. This tropical vine is a rare one to find at your
A Festive Summer Pizza Party. It isn't always easy to please everyone's palate (and possible dietary requirements) when creating a menu for a party, but I recently found the perfect solution
Repurposing Ideas. Sugar is one of those kitchen staples you will always have on hand. (While I've admittedly forgotten to buy things like paper
Craft Of The Day. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For the full tutorial
Justin Timberlake And HomeMint's Design Contest. So without further ado\u2026 After winnowing down the several hundred entries submitted on HomeMint's Facebook page to a top 10
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
Decor Ideas. The Fix
Buying Guide. Decide on size. The size of your dining set will depend on your outdoor space. Generally, bistro-style sets (two chairs and
Craft of the Day. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Editor's Note
Design Tips. We already know that keeping your home clean and organized is good for your health. (Cleaning keeps germs and dust particles
Selecting the Right Outdoor Ceiling Fan. Summer is almost here! Now that the days and nights are much warmer, having an outdoor ceiling fan can help keep you cool. There are many different factors to consider when selecting the right outdoor ceiling fan for your home.
How To Clean A Can Opener So It Works Like New. Let's face it
House Tour. Our favorite feature of the property? A beautiful shaded cabana just outside the tennis court. Inside the lofty space is
Inside Country Living's June 2012 Issue. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. For Chip and Bethany Herwegh
Hot On Pinterest. Can you believe this bag is homemade? It's modeled after a similar owl-tastic design by Kate Spade. But don't worry, making
Weekend DIY Ideas. This lovely spring weather makes it difficult to concentrate on pesky chores around the house, but taking care of a few needed
Throw An Easy Outdoor Cocktail Party (Without Stressing Out). For more tips, visit Real Simple. What You'll Need Let the good times roll with a bar on wheels, stocked with the essential
How To Landscape On A Budget. Eye-pleasing landscaping has the potential to improve the way you feel about your home and make your property more appealing
Amazing Craft Alert. It turns out the headpiece is part of an entire ensemble, including a wearable dress, hand-held mask and ring Enriquez constructed
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
DIY Ideas. You'll Need
How To Clean. Keep a maximum of three sets of sheets per bed. This way, you can have one on the bed, one in the laundry and one in the
Cool Addition. Globe trekkers Heather Morrison and Neil Navin brought back more than trinkets and souvenirs from time spent living in the Middle East. Although they may not have realized it at the time, they also returned with seeds of architectural inspiration.
Create A Gorgeous Hummingbird Garden With These Simple Tips. The short answer
Bravo's 'Top Design' Alum Carisa Perez-Fuentes Talks Pinterest Addictions, Life After Reality TV. But what if you're not exactly a pro designer? You can still use Pinterest...like a pro. Perez-Fuentes feels that the best
Craft Of The Day. Flickr photo by iriskh How To Make It
How To Clean Tomato Sauce Stains From Plastic Storage Containers. Photo from Flickr user Joost J. Bakker IJmuiden One way -- probably the most obvious -- is to let the container soak over
Hot On Pinterest. This week's Hot On Pinterest features five pinners we suggest you start following -- now! From drool-worthy products to globally
Outdoor Decor. There is nothing better than taking in the scenery from a beautiful balcony. Some are shady and overgrown with greenery and
Craft Of The Day. Flickr photo by ecokarenlee For the full tutorial, visit Crafting A Green World. And, be sure to check out the other great
12 Fantastic Picnic Baskets Perfect For Outdoor Entertaining (PHOTOS). We've been thinking up ways to entertain friends and family outdoors thanks to the sunny weather. And without a doubt it's
10 Free Printable Cards And Stationery Sets That Rival Anything You'd Find At A Boutique (PHOTOS). These days, mailing a letter can feel a bit, well, slow. But that's also what makes it such a special gesture. We love knowing
Sprout Home Q&A Of The Week. A
CustomMade Curator. Perhaps a bit peculiar, we love how this cityscape coffee table from CustomMade Artisan Scott Cawood Metal Artist gets as
How To Clean. You've probably noticed that pie pans, muffins tins, and other bakeware don't nest well -- and that no one likes taking everything
Repurposing Ideas. CROCHETING MATERIAL Did you know that you can crochet with plastic bags? Due to their unique combination of strength and
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
How To Clean. If your are concerned that the ink on the newspaper will transfer onto your windows, don't worry. Argonne National Library
Buying Guide. Check out some of the patio umbrellas we're looking at in the marketplace now. And, let us know in comments below what do
Design Ideas For Small Spaces. Since it's the gathering point for pretty much everyone you could think of, it can be hard to settle on living room decor
Secret Gardens. These fantasies can very easily become a reality, with an outdoor space and a little elbow grease. We've seen a lot of beautiful gardens on our travels, and so we took what we learned to come up these 10 helpful gardening tips.
Moving In Together? Read This First. Each of us has personal experiences about how a home should be lived in -- for example, some of us grew up with mothers who never let a dust mote lie, while others of us had moms who couldn't find the vacuum cleaner.
DIY Mother's Day Gifts. For the full tutorial, head over to HomeLife or pick up a copy of \The Homemade Home\. Have something to say? Be sure to
Weekend DIY Ideas. After a work week, it can be oddly nice to blow off some steam by tackling a DIY project -- especially one that's been languishing
Let's Run Away To Sweden. Sometimes we like to daydream about running away to an exotic or far-away locale --\u00a0of course, an absolutely lovely apartment
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
Justin Timberlake And Estee Stanley's HomeMint Design Contest. To check out other photo submissions for the contest, head over to HomeMint's Facebook page. And don't forget to check out
How To Clean. If you are like me, dealing with old batteries can be difficult. It is important to find a proper way to dispose them, but
Mother's Day 2012. Now that Mother's Day is almost here, it's time to give her a great gift--a published acknowledgement that she was right
Confessions of a Non-Crafter. I have a lot of friends who could be called crafty. You know the type
Justin Timberlake, Estee Stanley On Designing For HomeMint, European Inspiration And Being 'Nerds' (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Justin Timberlake found his
DIY Mother's Day Gifts. Personalized dishware can be a little on the cheesy side (unless a kid is doing the decorating, in which case, cute!), but
How To Clean Hairspray Off Of Every Bathroom Surface. It's a legitimately annoying problem
Architectural Digest Visits M. Night Shyamalan's Country Home Near Philadelphia. The couple worked with designers Richard Cameron and David Kleinberg, who brought romance to the property by adding a number
Etsy Shop Tour. Being a self-employed working mom, Dean's daily schedule can be a bit jam-packed. She gets up before dawn to get started
The 5 Best Pinterest Accounts Of The Week. Design Quixotic
Two Adorable Kids Review Target's 'Kid Made Modern' Collection By Todd Oldham. Photos by Alexandra Brawley, courtesy of Elle Decor To find out more about what Ruby and Lola thought of the rest of Todd
Abutilon Flowering Maple Tree. When you're talking about bringing color into your home with plants, the options can sometimes be slim. Blooms can be small
DIY Mother's Day Gifts. Mother's Day is around the corner and if you haven't already found the ideal card, we're here to help! We've rounded up 11
Country Living. What It's Worth
Light It Up!. The manipulation of light, through the use of paints, fabrics, and lighting, should always be one of the first considerations when designing a room or a home.
DIY Mother's Day Gifts. For the full tutorial, head over to Sarah Ortega. To make the pendant, roll a piece of oven-bake clay into a small ball. Using
How To Clean. 3. Avoid \decorating\ the bookshelves with lots of little knickknacks. They will look cluttered. 1. Invest in quality bookcases
Why Nostalgia Is Good for You and Your Home. Our lives are often busy, and in the rush of a day, it's easy to lose sight of who we are and who we want to be. Mementos can help us keep on an even keel and remember the roles we strive to fill. A reasonable number of reminders is best, as too many leads to visual, olfactory, and audio overload.
Weekend DIY Projects. Enjoy this weekend a little bit more after you've tackled a few simple home fix-ups. Don't know where to begin? Look to our
Dwell Magazine's 'Now99' May 2012 Issue Spotlights Innovations Influencing Design (PHOTOS). Unlike most magazine's Top 100 lists, Dwell didn't just go for a rehash of famous people and places. Among the highlights
How To Set A Pretty Table. Follow these tips for a special-occasion dinner, an informal lunch, and a Sunday brunch. To read more, head over to Real
House Tour. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Even more impressive, the
Outdoor Decor. A hammock can be an unexpected alternative to deck chairs and adirondacks. It can serve as a quiet spot for reading a book
Watch. In this video we visit Fred Reid's West Sonoma \spiritual sanctuary\ where Scott Constable takes us for a tour inside the second growth redwood grove and up above in the roughly 200 square foot rustic, crafted home.
Buying Guide. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Consider heavier, long-term
DIY Idea. We've been itching to jump on the \dipped\ furniture trend for a while now (where the ends of table and chair legs are a
Craft Of The Day. For the full tutorial, visit The Shabby Creek Cottage. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The
A Conversation With Decorator and Reality TV Star Mary McDonald. On the reality television show Million Dollar Decorators, Mary McDonald won viewers with her lush and stunning design projects as well as with her biting sense of humor. Here, Mary talks about great ideas and being naughty.
HomeMint Design Contest. For full details and guidelines on the HomeMint 'Open Call' photo contest, check out this official contest page. And, to
'The Fabulous Beekman Boys' Brent Ridge On How To Shop A Flea Market. From the live music to the food stalls, we asked one-half of Planet Green's \The Fabulous Beekman Boys,\ Brent Ridge, to
Organization Ideas. If your glove compartment is home to fast-food ketchup packets, service receipts, expired proofs of insurance, or other detritus
Flea Market Shopping. How to haggle. Vendors actually expect to haggle over any given item, Cucksey says. In fact, big dealers tend to price things
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
Simple Gifts to Spoil Mom. She fed us, she changed our diapers, she took care of us when we were sick. She deserves a \thank you\! Mother's Day is the one special day of the year when we officially thank Mom for doing her best year after year.
The 9 Biggest (And Most Common) Interior Painting Mistakes...And How To Avoid Them (PHOTOS). Now that you know the secrets to painting a finished wall, there are a few other things to keep in mind for a perfect paint
Our Worst 'First Apartment' Stories--What's Yours? (PHOTOS). Whether you rent an apartment or own a house, you're bound to have encountered a few less than ideal home issues, like a
Wedding Ideas. Wedding season is almost upon us, and we're here to help you step down the aisle in style. You've already set the date, and
Sprout Home Inspiration Of The Week. I was with a client the other day and when I asked her what she wanted her garden to 'say' she responded \I want to feel
Singer Belinda Carlisle Designs A Line Of Indian-Inspired Home Decor Line. We're certainly impressed by Carlisle's new design venture and we're looking forward to seeing more from her. Check out designs
Country Living Appraises A Circa-1910 Rocking Chair. Reed-and-Grass Rocking Chair Circa 1910 Our antiques specialist, Helaine Fendelman, appraises your finds and collectibles
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
Country Living's Sarah Gray Miller Shares Expert Flea Market Shopping Tips. We're getting ready for flea market season here. And, we're excited that the Country Living Fair, is kicking it off this
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
Repurposing Ideas. SOUND INSULATION If you have a wannabe musician or podcaster around the house, you can use egg cartons as sound insulation
What's Your Shoe Number?. Apparently, the \average\ woman in the U.S. owns 17 pairs of shoes. I won't tell you where I rank but it's a big enough number that it has inspired me to create clever shoe storage solutions for the \above-average\ woman.
CustomMade Curator. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Want to see more? Visit CustomMade
How Much Would You Pay For The Philips 20-Year LED Lightbulb?. But with $1 to $5 incandescent bulbs to compete with, and the fact that lightbulbs are a personal choice that households
Design Ideas. Elsewhere, slim storage (like the bookcase between the windows) act as additional display-worthy spaces for Cary's many flea
Spring Cleaning. While ink blotches on machine-washable fabrics can be easy enough to clean, ink stains on your leather purse or couch may
Etsy DIY Ideas. Who said mobiles are just for babies? Etsy shows us how to create a simple paper bird contraption that all ages can enjoy
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
Designer Richard Mishaan's Dreamy Family Home In Colombia In Architectural Digest (PHOTOS). Flip through the slideshow below for a peek inside Mishaan's light-filled Colombian getaway. All photos by Roger Davies, courtesy
Weekend DIY. Now that it's the weekend, it's prime time to get started on a few home improvement projects. Take these next two days and
Hot On Pinterest. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. We weren't the only ones impressed
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Natalie of Cr\u00e8me De La Craft Turn an envelope into a trendy accessory with this Craft Of The Day. It only takes
Spring Cleaning. Swap. BookMooch and PaperBack Swap are examples of online communities for exchanging used books. Users give away books for
DIY Idea. For this project, you will need the following supplies
Spring Bouquet Ideas. You don't have to be a professional floral designer to create a stunning centerpiece -- you just have to think like one. Her
Inside Samantha Ronson's Kidrobot-Themed Home In Venice Beach, California (PHOTOS). Everything in Ronson's home seems almost slightly left of center -- her closet is filled with more sneakers than heels, and
Hot On Pinterest. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Want to see your account in
Push Presents Decoded... and a Few Reco's. Of course, that beautiful bundle of joy is reward enough, but if there's one person who deserves a little spoiling, it's a woman who just gained 35-plus pounds!
Spring Cleaning. Small toys. For blocks, Matchbox cars, and tea party essentials, use clear, lidded plastic storage boxes and store them on
Make A Backyard Water Fountain That Spouts Fire (VIDEO). Backyard water features can add a serene and organic look to any home. But, add some fire and the effects can be, well, exciting
CraftFoxes Giveaway. - Get friends and other people to comment on your project. Craftfoxes will pick five finalists based on how many comments
DIY Idea. To make upholstering easier, start by unscrewing the top of the bench. Place your foam over the top \seat\ side of the bench
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Krista Jones of Bayside Bride For the full tutorial, visit Bayside Bride. And, be sure to check out the other great
Decor Ideas. For more colorful tips, just take a look through our slideshow where we've rounded up 13 ways to improve your home's curb
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Photo by Leo Rosen Photo by Leo Rosen Since their flowers are so huge and heavy you will need to hold the plant up in some
Not the Same Ol' Song and Dance. Music moves us in so many ways. Why not consider having a CustomMade artisan create a music-inspired custom project, anything from custom furniture to custom jewelry to custom guitars, that's also an ode to a song or artist you love?
Spring Cleaning. Home cooks, rejoice! Your used aluminum cookware can look like new -- no scrubbing required. There is a way to remove stains
House Beautiful May 2012. To see the more videos featuring designers sharing their tried-and-true decorating tips, head over to housebeautiful.com
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
DIY Idea. When it comes to putting clothes away, most of us feel like we could definitely use a little more closet space. That's why
Getting Your Outdoor Area Ready for Spring. The flowers are blooming and the weather is warmer -- let's spring into action! Here are a few of my tried and true designer tips for getting your outdoor area ready for spring.
Brazilian Decor. 
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Spring Cleaning. So the next time you're putting off your cleaning chores, turn up the bass or put in earphones and let the music move you
CustomMade Curator. Want to see more? Visit CustomMade to browse for more of these amazing and unique works, or check out these other creations
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Love & Rosen. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Transform Mundane Spaces with Modern Fornasetti Accessories. Piero Fornasetti was a genius. The prolific Italian artist was a sculptor, an interior decorator and designer of dreams.
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Sweet, happy, forever giving trees with no 'malice' -- the crabapple's prolific bloom is one of many reasons why this tree
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
DIY Idea. Chances are you probably have an old trophy or two collecting dust on a shelf somewhere. Why not put all that hardware to
Buying Guide. Consider the materials. Planters made from wood and metal are affordable and easy to move around. Wood is porous so it provides
Being At Home In A New Home. Photograph your old home before you leave, with and without your furnishings. Take photos from your old windows of the views
Andrea Filippone And William Welch's Grand New Jersey Estate In Elle Decor's May 2012 Issue. Flip through the slideshow below for a peek inside the couple's grand New Jersey estate. All photos by William Waldron, courtesy
Hot On Pinterest. Photo by Jen Yates of EPBOT Easy and efficient, we can see why this DIY sandal holder would be popular among shoe lovers
Weekend DIY Ideas. When it comes to tackling those lingering home fixer-uppers, there's no better time than the weekend. If you haven't already
Craft of The Day. These glass magnets aren't just decorative--they're useful too. Use old pages from magazines to make this pretty and practical
House Tour. In the end, Young has created a home that best reflects his personality. And, Spaces wants to convey the same message, says
Dwell Magazine Comes Out With A Special Issue On Outdoor Living (PHOTOS). Indoor outdoor living has become a popular idea in many homes over the past few years, how does this special Dwell Outdoor
DIY Idea. First, gather your supplies. For this project, you will need
Decor Ideas. A cozy breakfast nook is proof that when it comes to smart design, bigger isn't always better. These charming kitchen niches
Spring Cleaning. As much as we may try to live organized, clutter-less lives, there are some things we just can't part with. Magazines are
Craft Of The Day. You'll never lose your page again with this Craft Of The Day. This clever, no-slip bookmark stretches to fit any size book
Hot On Pinterest. In this week's Hot On Pinterest, we introduce you to five pinners whose boards feature slightly unusual finds and tips. From
Etsy Shop Tour. It's a special thing to do what you love. And, for Etsy seller and accessory designer Yokoo Gibraan, she can't imagine doing
Bedroom Decor Ideas. The Homeowners
Spring Cleaning. Flickr photo by JasonLangheine Clean the lid. Getting paint off the lip of the can creates an airtight seal. The key to storing
Room Decor Inspiration. For a colorful alternative to neutrals, opt for more muted blush tones. Beigy-pinks and peaches are more understated and
House Tour. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Schwartz, who is a lover of
Kardashians Launch Home Collection, Includes Leopard-Print Bedding (PHOTOS). The line just launched, but Sears is already offering 30 percent off products, plus free shipping on items of $49 or more
Mixology. Our arresting bit of visual mixology, another flight back in time, was modeled by Karl L. H. M\u0171ller (1820-1887). As the Duchess says to Alice in Wonderland, \Everything's got a moral if only you can find it.\
Spring Decorating. To see the full how-to for creating the flowers and cloche look, head over to One Kings Lane's Live.Love.Home. Have something
Country Living Appraises A 1920s Windsor Stove. What It's Worth
10 Household Items To Donate To Animal Shelters (PHOTOS). The next time you uncover old and unused things while cleaning your home, consider donating them to your local animal shelter
Craft Of The Day. Dish towels don't have to be drab. You can easily brighten them up with this Craft Of The Day. Sew on colorful strips of
VIDEO. 
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Spring Cleaning. 5. Any \if\ statement such as, \I'd wear that if I ever go on a cruise to Alaska.\ Unless you already have your tickets in
Repurposing Ideas. As part of my spring cleaning, I realized something
CustomMade Curator. We love the seamless look of this unusual \Estrella\ coffee table, which almost looks like a piece of paper balancing on
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Erica Chan Coffman of Honestly WTF Few things feel more glamourous than wearing a sparkly pair of heels. But rather
Sprout Home Q&A Of The Week. Q
Lighting Buying Guide. Decide on big or small pendants. A single big pendant light is great for an entryway where one source of lighting is often
Artists Sonia Rentsch and Scott Newett Turn Dishes Into Dinner Guests With 'Dinner Etiquette' Series. All photos by Scott Newett In each photograph, spoons double as bow ties, teacups transform into dainty-looking hats and
Spring Cleaning. Indoor flowers and plants can also have a calming effect, helping you recover after exercises like a morning jog. On a different
How Does Gilt Home Creative Director Tom Delavan Shop?. If you're looking to make small upgrades, Gilt Home, the popular flash sale site, might have just what you're looking for
Refinishing Kitchen Cabinets. You love your kitchen, but not your kitchen cabinets.  It's a common problem and one that can be solved in one weekend! How? By simply painting them, and updating the hardware.
Last-Minute Easter Ideas. Easter weekend is finally here, but in case you're still scrambling to find last-minute decorating ideas, look no further
Green Inspiration for Spring. Spring is always so exciting with fresh green popping up everywhere in nature. As I enjoy this dose of fresh green tones outdoors I thought, why not bring a little of that inside to decorate your home?
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Nest Of Posies. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Easter Craft Ideas. Easter crafts don't get much simpler -- or cuter -- than these rice-filled sock bunnies. We can't get over those lovable
A Festive 'Easter Egg' Floral Arrangement Centerpiece. Save your hands from the mess of dyeing eggs this year by filling your Easter basket with a dozen... tulips! This blooming
Funny Animal Video. After a series of freezer break-ins, a family caught a small-time offender on camera. His name? Oscar, and he's a cat burglar
DIY Ideas. Photo by Shelly Leer of ModHomeEc Photo by Shelly Leer of ModHomeEc 1. Cut a square piece of fabric large enough upholster
Spring Cleaning. An overhanging branch has dripped tree sap all over your parked car. Or, you've just driven through wet tar and now there's
Design Ideas. A kitchen can come in all shapes and sizes, but no matter what it's still the one place in the house where everyone seems
A New Spring Cleaning Checklist For Your Home. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Kitchen 1. Wipe down the freezer
Weekend DIY Projects. There's so much to work on now that the temperature is warmer. And although it may be nicer to work outdoors, we can't forget
A Conversation With Designer Steven Gambrel. Gambrel and his interior spaces commands multiple editorial pages in shelter and decorating magazines because he deftly combines smart and beautiful design with functionality.
Easter Ideas. Jelly beans aren't just for filling Easter baskets. You can use them to decorate too! Not only are these whimsical springtime
Spring Cleaning. If you have kids in the house or have friends with young children who visit your place often, it's almost inevitable that
Easter Craft Ideas. We love having fresh flowers around--especially on Easter! Our craft stylist Shana Ecker was the mastermind behind these
This Color Palette Can Make Your Home Life Happier (PHOTOS). Looking for a few pointers? Click through the slideshow to see our color palette inspired by bright yellow flowers along
Hot On Pinterest. Vanessa Rae
Decor Ideas. Full disclosure
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Sibylle of Funky Time for Today's Creative Blog What You'll Need
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit The Single Nester. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Andy Warhol Sketch Bought for $5 At Garage Sale (VIDEO). You know what they say--one man's trash is another man's treasure. Just ask one lucky British collector Andy Fields, who
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. The shrimp plant, Justicia brandegeeana, makes me think of an early evening summer cocktail party with an exotic guest list
Spring Cleaning. Many of us likely still have camera photographs stashed away somewhere in our homes. And chances are some of those photos
12 Surprising Things You Didn't Know About Paint. Painting the walls in your home may seem like an easy enough project. Just apply and wait until it dries, right? Not quite
Fashion Designer David Meister's Modern Palm Springs Home (PHOTOS). To read the full article see more images of David's home, head over to California Home + Design. If his elegant evening dresses
Easter Craft Ideas. This year, avoid the mess that comes with dyeing Easter eggs. Instead, try decorating them with paper flowers for an elegant
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
CustomMade Curator. Photo by CustomMade artisan Turner Custom Furniture Sleek, modern and completely unexpected, this unique conversation piece
Easter Craft Ideas. To do this project, you will need a paper bag, a glue gun, some clothes pins and a bright piece of ribbon. Start by drawing
Sprout Home Inspiration Of The Week. Everything from the decade of casseroles and the Brady Bunch was done with bright colors in big ways. In your garden you
Organize Your Life. We've all been there before
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need
Buying Guide. Go for sides and handles. Serving trays with raised sides (at least 2\ high) are especially useful since they help keep drinks
One Kings Lane Launches New Online Vintage Shop. And, in curating its selections, Standford tells us that they worked with vintage dealers from across the world \to ensure
Your First Home. Decorating a new home, whether it's your first or your fourth, can be really stressful or a lot of fun. It's totally up to you. The key is to enjoy the process, keep things in perspective and not to spend money you don't have.
Home Makeover. To anchor the sitting area in the room, a three-seat sofa and an armchair with removable slipcovers were brought in. For
Spring Gardening. Zombies in the vegetable patch? Don't panic. This isn't some zany science experiment--it's just recycling old produce. By
The Peter Rabbit-Inspired Easter Party Idea That's A Hit On Pinterest. Although these charming decorations were intended for a christening party, the pastel palette and accents are perfect for
Weekend DIY Projects. This weekend, catch up on a few home fix-me-ups you've been putting off. Where to begin? Start off with any of our latest
Best Celebrity Bathrooms From Elle Decor (PHOTOS). Celebrities need their privacy, and these luxurious bathrooms offer the perfect retreat from all the hustle and bustle of
Design Inspiration. You don't have to go outside to enjoy a beautiful day--you just need one of these bright and breezy sunrooms. A light-filled
March's Best Home Cleaning Tips. If you haven't gotten around to giving your home a good spring cleaning just yet, don't worry, we've got you covered. We've
10 Signs Your Party Is Over (PHOTOS). Who doesn't love a good party? Although what makes a party fun is different for everyone, we're going to venture to say that
Easter Crafts Ideas. Add a touch of spring to your place settings this Easter with these charming napkin rings. The cheerful nests will look playful
Spring Style for Your Outdoor Space. Follow these simple tips and watch your outdoor space turn into the relaxing space you had always envisioned.
How To Grow Bug-Eating Garden Plants (VIDEO). For more about the pitcher plant, read our care tips. Gardening may never get so easy. In the video above, HGTV shows us
NYC Finance, Fashion Merge at Amrita Singh Penthouse. As a woman and a jewelry designer, I understand what it means to adorn a woman's body with my pieces,\ Amrita told me. \Now, I'm working with a larger canvas -- a woman's home -- and there is no better way to engage a woman's soul than to help her adorn her home.\
A Conversation With Lifestyle Expert and Writer Susanna Salk. Below, the writer and lifestyle guru talks about being well-dressed and what a disaster this world would be if there were
How to Stuff a Sugar-Free Easter Basket. Easter candy is plentiful at your local shops, so I'm going to help you with the non-sugar part of filling your Easter baskets. Why? Because one or two sugarless treats make every basket more sweet.
What's Hot at Home. There is a baby boom in Hollywood that shows no sign of slowing down. Just like we are influenced by celebrities in fashion choices, the influence of how they deck out their babies' nurseries is ever present now more than ever!
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit A Subtle Revelry. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Spring Cleaning. Flickr photo by Sommer Poquette Don't let frozen food spoil and go to waste. Enjoy your leftovers before it expires while
Pinterest-Inspired Parties Becoming More Popular (VIDEO). Looking for some inspiration for your next get-together? Search no further than Pinterest, the popular site that lets you
Hot On Pinterest. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Maia McDonald
A Jewel Tone Color Palette That Will Make Your Home Appear More Cozy (PHOTOS). Drawing inspiration from the many different shades of shoes in the photo, we came up with this stylish color palette. Click
Stylelist Home Style Around The Web Module. Trippy 3D Floor Painting - Curbed Michelle Obama Answers Your Questions - PopSugar Recycle Your Electronics Into Furniture
Designer Vanessa de Vargas Gives A California Home Kid-Friendly Style (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. To read the full article and
11 Free Printable Business Cards You Can Make At Home. Who says business cards have to be boring? When it comes to networking, first impressions are everything. Don't be caught
Testing 8 Common Ways To Get Rid Of Ants (PHOTOS). Methodology
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
Spring Cleaning. Gold. Mix a few drops of dish detergent into a small bowl of club soda. Let it soak for five to 10 minutes. Then, with a
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Here is a houseplant that boasts both form and flower. What more could you want? Adenium is a broad genus of plants that
Pier 1. Is your home in need of a bit of a spring refresh? If so, you may want to check out a few of the colourful and vibrant items
Home Design Ideas. For the most part, Janet Lee has always remained behind the scenes of things, even when she worked as a television producer
CustomMade Curator. Here's a twist we didn't see coming! This stunning bench, created by CustomMade artisan Kino Guerin, is made from laminated
How To Choose The Right Clothes Hangers. Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Size matters. A wire hanger
Repurposing Ideas. We can think of some better uses for those old socks you have lying around. Flickr photo by George Eastman House CELL PHONE
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Today's selections include pieces by George Nelson, Nanny Still, Arabia, Stig Lindberg and Dansk. Be sure to check out the gorgeous Danish Modern teak desk, the unique Art Nouveau elephant clock and set of French miniature portraits.
Mies Van Der Rohe. Part of the reason Van Der Rohe work has long been so popular with culture-minded travelers is that there is so much of it
DIY Idea. To do the project, you are going to need a 14-inch round mirror, wood glue and spray paint. You will also need several packs
Decorating Trends. 'Like I drink coffee at a coffee table anyway,' she said. It started with coffee tables. I had been working on a design project
Spring Cleaning. Flickr photo by closet factory Editing your closet seasonally is a great way to regularly cull your wardrobe. This is the
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Michele McDonald of The Scrap Shoppe Blog What You\u2019ll Need
12 Ways To Decorate With Colorful Flowers This Spring (PHOTOS). Now that spring is here, we're looking at ways to bring cheery color and a touch of the outdoors into our homes. And, the
Home Makeover. Next up, it was necessary to tackle the cubby-like opening next to Anthony's bed. To make better use of this recessed space
Weekend DIY Projects. Spruce up your home for spring with our Weekend DIYs. We've culled together 10 home improvement ideas that will ready your
In Honor Of 'Mad Men' Season Five, Here's A 60s Cocktail Party Plan. It's been more than a year since we last saw the likes of Don Draper -- and if you ask us, that's a year too long. Thankfully
Spring Cleaning. Whether you're repurposing a thrift store find or trying to salvage your old childhood dresser, don't waste time tediously
Behind The Scenes Tour Of 'Mad Men' Set With Matthew Weiner (VIDEO). If you're anything like us, you've been counting down the days until Mad Men's season 5 premiere since, I don't know, the
Restoration Hardware's Gary Friedman Talks Small Spaces, Color And Deconstructed Furniture (PHOTOS). The House Of Blues It's rare to see color in the luxury retailer's arsenal, but indigo is making its way on to Restoration
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Ashley Johnston of Make It And Love It What You\u2019ll Need
Craft Of The Day. This Craft Of The Day will have everyone wanting to know where you got your shoes. Although it requires a bit of sewing, you
Shiloh Shepherd Dog Slams Door While Scolded By Owners (VIDEO). It looks like these pet owners are barking up the wrong tree -- and this stubborn pooch won't stand for it! In a hilarious
Atelierdorp Design Collective Sets Up Studios In Church In Eindhoven, The Netherlands (VIDEO). Several years ago Atelierdorp, a collective of designers from all parts of the world, set up shop with work studios inside
Spring Cleaning. Remove hair strands. Man or woman, you're bound to have hair wrapped around the bristles. Simply use a comb to rake through
Designing Around Dr. Seuss. As a decorator to the rich, the famous and often eccentric I swear I've heard it all. I've been asked to decorate around a painting, a chandelier, a pet dog and even a chair. This month marks a first. I was asked to decorate around a writer -- but not just any writer!
The Weirdest Home And Crafts Books You'll Ever See (PHOTOS). We're so often inundated with home-related books that it's easy to miss the diamond in the rough. Thus, an interesting title
Where the Future Don Draper and Peggy Olson Succeed. As someone who worked in a cubicle for many years at ELLE magazine, I was struck by the airy, expansive design by Masamichi Udagawa and Sigi Moeslinger.
Craft Of The Day. What You\u2019ll Need
Kiernan Shipka, aka Sally Draper On 'Mad Men', Gives A Tour Of Her Closet (PHOTOS). In light of the new season of 'Mad Men' kicking off on Sunday, March 25, we're taking a second glance at Kiernan Shipka's
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Just A Girl. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Today's selections include pieces by Fenton, Ernest Sohn, Tony Paul, Stin Lindberg and Howard Miller. Be sure to check out
CustomMade Curator. Want to see more? Visit CustomMade to browse for more of these amazing and unique works, or check out these other creations
Explaining Today's Google Doodle. As they say, inspiration comes from all places, and we found ours in today's Google Doodle, which features Marimekko designs
Women Spend Three Hours A Week Re-Doing Chores, Study Says (VIDEO). However, men do spend more time cleaning and doing chores than ever before. Nowadays, four out of 10 households share cleaning
Inside Heart Home Digital Magazine's Spring Issue. SH
Spring 2012 Is Here. The weather is getting warmer, the days are getting longer, and that can only mean one thing--spring is finally here! Although
Repurposing Ideas. So what is baking soda? Scientifically speaking, it is sodium bicarbonate. But for most of us, it is something we always
Designer Sig Bergamin's Colorful Sao Paulo Home In Architectural Digest's April 2012 Issue (PHOTOS). Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. For a peek inside designer
How To Be Organized. Delicate fabrics such as linen, silk, taffeta, and chiffon, as well as beaded or otherwise ornamental garments, require special
Men's Health Finds The Most Manly Homes (PHOTOS). Let's face it, the 'average guy' is not too keen on home decorating--especially if it involves floral wallpaper. But, that
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
DIY Ideas. The prep. Before you start the sanding process though, make sure your floor hasn't been sanded too many times before. A good
Houzz Best Of Remodeling 2012 Winners (PHOTOS). Houzz, the popular hub for all things interior design and inspiring home photos, has announced 210 amazing spaces for their
Buying Guide. Flip through the slideshow below to see some of our favorite picks for porch lights in the marketplace now. What are other
Spring Cleaning. Flickr photo by storebukkebruse Spring cleaning is a mood booster. Be it our homes or offices, the psychological payoffs
DIY Ideas. The best pieces can be uncovered from the unlikeliest of places -- just ask Hannah Flora, who found this worn wooden cart
Pendant Lights Are Having a Moment. Pendant lights are no longer just for the kitchen. Hanging pendant lights are popping up all over the home from  bedroom designs to living rooms.
Weekend DIY. In this installment of Weekend DIYs, we round up nine more ways to spruce up your home. From a forgotten home security tool
Prince Charles Visits London Ideal Home Show, Meets Topiary People (PHOTOS). Prince Charles made his official rounds at the Ideal Home Show in London Friday, touring exhibits, testing furniture, and
Craft Of The Day. You don\u2019t need a leprechaun\u2019s luck to create this adorable Craft Of The Day. With just a bit of shamrock green paint, you
One Room Three Ways. Tired of your same old, same old living room? Give your tired, ordinary space some new, extraordinary style -- without spending
One Chair Three Ways. Have an old dining room chair that you don't know what to do with? Don't throw it out -- transform it. With a few easy steps
Kitchen Re-Do with Design. With the average kitchen remodel costing over $50,000, you may think updating your outdated space is not affordable. But
Design Inspiration. Whether it features a standard step-in shower or a soaking tub, the bathroom is the one place that should help you feel relaxed
Make the Most of a Small Bathroom. 3. Replace overhead lighting with modern fixtures that illuminate upwards for an ambiance that is more flattering. 1. Take
Decorate Walls Without Paint. Everything looks better with a little color, right? And sure, a coat of bold, fresh paint is a great option. But for those
Update Your Patio Space. Ready to throw a party? Take a look at three easy ways to transform your outdoor space into a party-ready space. When preparing
Headboard Heaven. Bet you didn't think you could create a headboard for just a few dollars, right? Here is a DIY project that will not only
Double Duty Furniture. Need extra storage and seating in your bedroom or family room? With a little creativity, your furniture can often serve more
Window Facelift. Sometimes, a little TLC is all your tired windows need for a much-needed facelift. By using three different materials, you
5 Things Every Guest Room Needs. Having company this weekend? Take a cue from professional decorator, Kelly Edwards, as she turns a plain ol' guest room into
Spring Cleaning. Now that we've covered all our bases, flip through the slideshow below to learn how to quickly clean your home, room by room
Customize Your Own Fabrics. Plain fabrics don't have to be so, well, plain. In this short video, designer Kelly Edwards shows you three quick and easy
Faux Painting Techniques. No doubt, walls are just more interesting with color. But, before you grab that can of chili pepper red, let Kelly Edwards
Cabinet Resurfacing. What a difference cabinets can make to your kitchen! But what if you don't have thousands of dollars to replace them? Watch
Dress Up Your Floors with Carpet Tiles. Wondering how you could possibly decide on a new rug with all of the choices out there? Learn how how to use carpet tiles
Office In A Chest. Are you an office pack rat? Do you have files, papers, pens and calendars taking over your space? Are you living in a sea
Make the Most of a Small Bedroom. Is your bedroom tighter than you would like? Do you lack adequate storage? If so, here you will find easy steps to create
Choosing the Right Lighting. Changing the look of a room doesn't have to cost a lot of time or money. Most lighting makeovers are easy, do-it-yourself
Change the Look of Your Appliances. Are you in hate with your ugly, old refrigerator? Just because it doesn't match the rest of your stainless steel appliances
The Pinterest Redesign That Reorganizes Your Boards, Makes Searches Easier. CEO and co-founder Ben Silbermann announced plans for the redesign earlier this week at the South By Southwest conference
Check Out MLB Star Johnny Damon's Bonkers Bowling Alley. The five baseballers' homes that Curbed covered yesterday don't hold a candle to this
Spring Cleaning. Damp towel. For deeper dents, lay a moist hand towel over the dent. On medium heat, gently iron over the towel. The fibers
Mad Men Fashion for Your Walls and Closet. If you're a fan of the fashion on Mad Men, get ready for the fifth season premiering March 25th, and an opportunity to bring that classic style into your home.
House Tour. Although her clients definitely wanted to bring coastal style to their landlocked home, there was no concrete inspiration
The Color Palette That Can Make Your Home Seem Calmer (PHOTOS). After we took a closer look at how ruby red can make our homes seem brighter, we've been thinking about the benefits of other
Hot On Pinterest. Alli Worthington
Studio Tour. Take one look at British artist Rob Ryan's intricate paper artwork, and you'll see why it's all about nostalgia for him. Working
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Calico Skies. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Sprout Home Inspiration Of The Week. Everyone is getting a little restless for spring and judging by the weather it is not going to take that much longer -- spring
House Beautiful Promotes Green With Chair Giveaway And Auction. Winners are on a first-come first-serve basis, but whomever grabs the Modesto (pictured above), Arhaus' lime green butterfly
The Bold Italic's Office Space Designed By Kelly Malone On California Home+Design (PHOTOS). San Francisco is a hub for many design- and DIY-lovers. And, one of the city's well-known talents is Kelly Malone, who runs
Spring Cleaning. But since we're all striving for a cleaner, more organized and balanced life, we've culled together six reasons why making
For Deeply Satisfying Sex.... Deeply satisfying sex is all about connecting and finding that connection on many different levels -- the more, the better. More levels yield more connections, and more ways to connect necessarily yield better sex. The same is true for gardening with native rather than non-native plants.
House Beautiful's Newell Turner Rallies For American Furniture. Additionally, there is the \strong unquestioning level of quality\ of American furniture ensured by federal safety regulations
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Arica Rosenthal of Love And Rosen What You\u2019ll Need
Repurposing Ideas. What are your favorite other uses for toothpaste? Share them in the comments. We all know that toothpaste helps keep your
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Want to add some
Find The Best Bookcase For Your Home. Double check dimensions. Bookcases vary greatly in sizes, so it's important to choose one that fits your room. Always take
How To Shop At Warehouse Clubs Like Costco, Sam's Club. While Shopping Know unit costs and price compare. Warehouse clubs can offer deep savings, but they do not accept manufacturer's
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It
House Tour. Dee's artwork is just as varied as her home pieces. She creates abstract minimalist paintings in bold colors as well as graphic
Spring Cleaning. All photos by Bobby Doherty Group like things. After you're done clearing up a space, order things by type. It'll help you
An Easy Craft Idea For Dressing Up Wine Bottles. Spring is (almost) in the air! To get in the mood, I quickly crafted these bloom-topped wine stoppers to dress up my bar
The Color Palette That Can Make Your Home Seem Brighter, Cleaner and Sexier (PHOTOS). Maybe it has to do with Dorothy and The Wonderful Wizard Of Oz, but without a doubt there's something magical about ruby
Kristen Wiig as Liza Minnelli Tries To Turn Off A Lamp on 'SNL' (VIDEO). Let's face it, who doesn't love Liza Minnelli? She's a great performer, she's Judy Garland's daughter, and she has a totally
Hot On Pinterest. Can you believe that these bracelets are made from Popsicle sticks? Yes, it's true. You can mold Popsicle sticks into a round
Step Into Kim Kardashian's Rainbow Shoe Closet. Kim Kardashian is not the first person I'd go to for home decor inspiration, but maybe she should be. Have you seen her shoe
Weekend DIY. Spend the next few work-less days enhancing your home with our weekend DIY ideas. As we begin to experience unpredictable
Craft Of The Day. Enhance your slumber and get a restful night's sleep with this Craft Of The Day. Though it requires some sewing, this eye
8 Useful Desk Organizers (PHOTOS). These days it seems like people spend more time at their work desks than they do anywhere else. We can certainly relate -- last
How To Dry Clean At Home. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Dering Hall. Be it a tiny room in a house or a shoebox-sized apartment, decorating small living spaces is always a challenge. While the
Designer Lorenzo Castillo's Madrid Home In Elle Decor's April 2012 Issue (PHOTOS). What happens when an interior designer like Lorenzo Castillo stumbles upon a building that was formerly a convent in the
Design Inspiration. Comfy accoutrements. To let go and fully immerse yourself in a story, you need to be comfortable. And whether that's on your
Need New Window Panels? Here Are 30 Curtains For Under $30 (PHOTOS). With the changing of seasons, there's no better time to dress your windows with new curtains. Switching out thicker drapes
Color Palette. Fashion Week came and went in New York, but we're still thinking about some of our favorite looks from the runway. For example
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Julie Astrauckas of Julie Ann Art How To Make It 1. Draw your desired design directly on to the matte side of the
Studio Tour. For many DIYers and craftsmen who have made a name for themselves, what are now successful businesses for them often began
A Glossary Of Cleaning Words. Are we missing any? Let us know in the comments. Acrylic Floor Finish. A water-based solution, which is often used on wooden
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Wool felt Cotton ribbon Bead Trim Twill tape Button Thread Shoestring elastic How To Make It 1. Make a cursive
Year-Round Emerald Isle Style. I love the color green. It always makes me think of spring which, this time of year, is very welcome! What better time to collect my favorite emerald-hued gift ideas that are sublime for St. Patrick's Day or any day?
DIY Ideas. To get the look, start by screwing pipe clamps to an old shelf or a reclaimed wooden plank. Then, locate the perfect wall
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). DISCLOSURE
5 New Uses For A Coffee Mug. Gift Holder If you go to a thrift store, you can find some great unintentionally ironic mugs. You can cheer up a coworker
Design Inspiration. Interior designer Kelly Wearstler recently designed her second collection of dinnerware and mugs for the fine china company
CustomMade Curator. We've come across a good number of unique tables, but this beautiful piece by CustomMade artisan Fred Brandes caught our
How To Be Organized. When it comes to cleaning supplies, we've found that some of the most effective ones are everyday household items that we
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Flickr photo by brianwc Nepenthes (or pitcher plant) is a genus of carnivorous, mostly vining, tropical plants native to
Bright And Breezy, Coastal Style Transports You Straight To The Beach. What it is
How To Be Organized. -Passport -Document organizer (for tickets, itineraries, etc.) -Vaccination record -Leftover foreign currency in labeled
Change Up Your Decor For Free At The Blu Dot Furniture Swap Meet 2012. Here's your chance to switch up your furniture without spending a penny (seriously). The Minneapolis-based furniture company
Find The Best Kitchen Island Cart For Your Home. While built-in kitchen islands are great, they tend to work best in large open kitchens. Plus, installation can often mean
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Spoons Metal primer spray-paint Spray-paint Painter's tape Sandwich bag Photo by Christy Cook of Creatively
Party Idea. Here's a fun and creative idea for your next get-together, whatever the occasion may be. Serve desserts with push-up pops
IKEA Houses. The Aktiv concept might not please everyone. For those who think IKEA's maze-like stores are frustrating, or that a single
Hot On Pinterest. Though it's most definitely a statement piece, the color of the melted crayons is stunning. (No wonder it's been re-pinned
6 Sun-Drenched Nooks Made For Curling Up With A Good Book. It seems like every kid (and adult too!) craves a cozy little space to hide away. So why not create one that's especially
Weekend DIY. Sometimes there's just not enough time during the workdays to accomplish even the simplest diy home projects. Thankfully
How to Replace an Exterior Door. When your front door is full of cracks, or the laminant has worn off, and it's simply beyond repair, it's time to replace
How to Hang a Plasma TV. Hiring someone to install a plasma television can be expensive. Consider doing it yourself with our expert's advice, and
How to Create a Home Theater Atmosphere. No media room is complete without great lighting. With track lighting that you can control with a dimmer, you can create
How to Build a Wood Storage Box. Sometimes, a pile of loose firewood can be an eyesore next to an elegeant fireplace. Consider building a beautiful wooden
Construct a Fireplace Mantel. Don't spend big bucks for a beautiful mantel shelf. Make your own! Try using clear pine that you can stain. It's easy to
How to Build a Christmas Tree Pedestal. A Christmas tree can be the focal point of room during holidays. Why not prop it up on a pedestal on display, while creating
Create Storage Space in Your Garage. Traditionally, garages are so poorly organized that homeowners can't park their cars where they're meant to be parked. Learn
Create a Home Office. Do you have an awkward nook in your home that you aren't quite sure what to do with? Consider transforming it into an efficient
Become an Expert Painter. Join us for painting 101. We've got everything you need to know about prepping and painting a room in just a few easy steps
Build Your Own Swing Set. Fun for the whole family, a tree swing makes a lovely addition to the backyard. With the right tools and wood, you can build
Antique New Furniture. With a few simple (and fun!) techniques, you can transform a new piece of furniture into an aged beauty.
Build Your Own Picnic Table. Dining outdoors is always a lovely experience for the family. Why not try building your own picnic table? With these step
Build Your Own Backyard Beach Sandbox. Create an escape for your children with a backyard sandbox. It's fun, creative, and easy to do with these simple instructions
Build a Storage Bench for Toys. If you're a parent, chances are you need help controlling chaos and clutter. Build a storage bench that can double as seating
How To Paint. Get the right tools. According to Desrosiers, the wrong paint supplies can make even the most high-quality paint look bad
Design Inspiration. There's No Place Like Here
Epoxy Paint Garage Floor. An easy improvement to your garage floor is to apply epoxy paint. It's great because it's anti-skid and stain-resistant! Plus
Refinish Dining Room Table. Eric shows us how to bring new life and beauty to any table you may have in your home. Get his professional advice in this
GFIC Outlets. A Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter are designed to prevent fatal shock from electrical currents. These are important to have
Bathroom Storage Secrets. The bathroom is a space that could benefit from extra organization and storage. Learn how to add some to yours without a
Set Up a New Mailbox. A mailbox adds curb-appeal and is easy and inexpensive to set up. Learn how to do it here!
Swapping Overheads for Chandeliers. Swap out an existing overhead lighting fixture with a chandelier. It's beautiful, elegant, and best, it's easy to do with
Speaker Placement and Installation. Set up a home theater system the whole family can enjoy complete with all of the essentials
Replacing the Screen in Your Screen Door. Maybe it was the kids or maybe it with the dog, but suddenly there are holes in the screen door. Relax! There's no need to
Replace Your Bathroom Sink. You've got a broken sink. Now what? Before you call a plumber, take a stab at it and try to repair it with these helpful
Re-Do Home Exterior for a Fresh Look. If you're thinking about painting your house, it's important to know that 80% of the work lies in preparation. Learn what
Installing Laminate Flooring. Nothing makes your home look better than a brand new floor. Learn how to install one on your own with Eric's easy how-to
How to Repair Gutters. Routine repair and cleaning of your gutter is vital to maintaining your home. Eric shows you how to do that here.
Kitchen Storage. The kitchen is the heart of the home, here are a couple of things you can do to make it more functional and organized without
Curb Appeal Landscape Lighting. Pathway and landscape lighting can improve the curb appeal of you home. Learn how easy it is to install.
Build Water Feature. A water feature can add beauty and interest to any yard or patio. It's fun and easy, let Eric Stromer show you how.
Fix a Leaking Faucet. Leaky faucets can do damage to your water bill. Follow these simple steps to fix the problem.
Install a Deadbolt. Keep your family and belongings safe. Learn to install a deadbolt lock yourself.
Resod Dead Grass. A lawn adds curb appeal to any home, but eventually all grass gets dead or bald spots. They're easy to patch up! Learn the
Prime and Paint Wood Paneling. Do you have an outdated wood panel wall in your home? Eric shows you how to patch, prime, and paint it to create a fresh
Install Crown Molding. Eric shows you how to easily install crown molding to add a little oomph to your home!
Building a Scratching Post. Our resident expert Eric Stromer shows you how to build a scratching post.
Replace a Broken Sprinkler. Nearly everyone has a home irrigation system has experienced a broken sprinkler head. No need to hire an expensive pro when
Landscaping. Having great landscaping around your home is the easiest way to add curb appeal. Learn how to do it here with Eric's helpful
DIY Renovation. Photo by Abbey Hendrickson Do you have any words of advice for those who want to hang wallpaper? I watched several YouTube
Design Inspiration. Though it sounds like a small change, one of the best accessories for changing up the look in a room is a decorative pillow
How Pinterest Can Help You Get Organized. Further, pinning things from the internet onto boards is a great way to minimize paper clutter. Just ask Centsational Girl's
Stylish Yellow Kitchen Accessories And Appliances. While spring might not be here quite yet -- the taste of young asparagus and English peas is still slightly out of reach
6 Surprising Ways To Remove Shoe Scuffs Using Household Items. Petroleum Jelly. For patent leather, a little dab of petroleum jelly will make shoes good as new. Simply apply to a cloth
Home Decorating Cures for Cabin Fever. I don't have any medical cures for cabin fever, but I do have a handful of easy and affordable decorating ideas to brighten your mood.
Black Designers Still Fight For A Seat At The Table--Are They Finding Success?. It's a list, she says, that has yet to be seen on the pages of a major design magazine, crediting instead bloggers like Pink
A Warm Winter Encourages Early Spring Gardening. To garden now or not to garden now...that seems to be the question we're asking on these warm winter days. While we're convinced
Craft Of The Day. Bring a touch of nature to your desk with this Craft Of The Day. Though it does involve some very light wood working, this
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. Syngonanthus chrysanthus 'Mikado', or as we have dubbed it at the shop 'Disco Alien Plant', always seems to fascinate everyone
The Fancy, A New Social Media Website, Takes On Pinterest. The idea, which has been described as \Groupon in reverse,\ allows merchants to be more proactive in gaining customer interest
Tide Detergent Cleans Up Jet Fuel From Juan Montoya's Daytona 500 Car Crash (VIDEO). Here's evidence to the power of Tide laundry detergent...beyond clothes. Use it to clean up jet fuel spilled on a racetrack
CustomMade Curator. Seemingly off-kilter, this ammunition box hallway or sofa table from CustomMade artisan tim sway perspectives definitely
Napa's Premonition of Spring. March in the Napa Valley is a sure sign to us all that spring is on its way. I'm inspired by March to attack that sorely needed spring-cleaning process.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
New Uses For Everyday Things. Kitchen Scrapers Need something to scrape out food that's been fused to a bake dish? An old compact disc to the rescue. Using
Flower Bud Napkin Rings Made From...Toilet Paper Rolls?. As a craft stylist, my favorite materials to work with are ones that are a. unexpected and b. free! Pinterest, therefore
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Scissors Canvas Patterned fabric Dowel rods Sewing machine Thread Ruler Cherish every precious moment with
Catching Up With Brad Goreski, Star Of Bravo's 'It's A Brad, Brad World'. We got a chance to catch up with the man in the awesome suit...and asked him some very unconventional questions. Here's what
Sprout Home. Flickr photo by kevinzim A
How To Be Organized. Keep all your sink accessories neat with a sink organizer that holds dish soap, scrubbers, and sponge in one contained unit
Finding The Best Sheets For Your Budget. Consider a silk pillowcase. It's a big investment, but you may think about trying silk even if it's just for the one pillowcase
Sprout Home Inspiration Of The Week. One thing that a garden designer always has to keep in mind when creating a landscape is having four seasons of interest
Vladimir Kanevsky's Porcelain Flowers In The Wall Street Journal. There's something absolutely mesmerizing about the porcelain flowers by the Ukraine-born artist Vladimir Kanevsky who is
Double Negative. We skittered out onto the unfathomably vast valley floor and into the mosaic of plants, grading from green to ochre to gray, surrounded by chains of rough, largely unvegetated mountains. Although we still had a couple miles to go before reaching environmental artist Michael Heizer's Double Negative, it felt as if we had arrived  We were suddenly plunged into the landscape, rather than driving on a paved road, looking at it.
Hot On Pinterest. This week, we've profiled the five Pinterest accounts you need to follow. And now, we present you with one of the most repinned
Weekend DIY. It's the weekend, which means you have two work-free days to conquer some simple but much-needed projects around the house
Antiques Roadshow. What do you think of these posters? Do you think it's an authentic set? Let us know in comments below. Also, watch the video
This Oscar Season, We're Seeing Red. During this time of the year here in Los Angeles, everything stops for the Oscars.  At least for some of us. Greece?  Spain?  Italy?  You must be talking about a foreign film nomination, not the economic crises.  Los Angeles is a film industry city.
What Are Your Unusual Home Habits? (PHOTOS). One look at the countless home blogs out there and you'll quickly see that there are no hard and fast rules to live by when
Inside Architectural Digest's Oscar's Green Room At The 2012 Academy Awards (PHOTO). Architectural Digest tapped interior designer Waldo Fernandez to create the Oscar's green room for the 2012 Academy Awards
Great Cleaning Tips. There's nothing more frustrating than cloudy streak-ridden windows and mirrors, especially after you've just cleaned them
Oscar Party Ideas 2012. The pinnacle of award season comes to a head at the Oscars this Sunday, giving you a good excuse to have a few people over
Design Inspiration. - Always measure art that you're hanging with a ruler or tape measurer. If it's going above a fireplace mantel you want to
Oscar Party Ideas 2012. SH
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. Press down hard with the crayons as you scribble across the bag. 2. Use the knife or sharpener to make
Studio Tour. \It is an odd thing to have a creative collaboration with a dog,\ says Anne. But not so odd to Bean, who is always poised
How To Be Organized. In times of home disarray, sometimes it's best to attack clutter by putting in place an organizational system. Whether it's
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Sarah Ortega. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Hot On Pinterest. Natalie Norus Her blog Mint Love Social Club is a daily read for us, for its wonderfully distracting mix of entertaining
The Best Cabinet Knobs From Restoration Hardware, Home Depot, IKEA And More. Though choosing new cabinets can be a tall task, picking out cabinet knobs is a whole different story. We think of pulls
Gilt Home. If you love old-timey Paris, or just Paris in general, then you'll love what the flash sale site Gilt Home has coming up
Peek Inside ELLE Decor's March 2012 Issue (PHOTOS). One glance through ELLE Decor's March 2012 issue and you can see why the magazine is at the top of the shelter category
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Mason jar with lid Hole punch Fabric Fabric glue Straw Spray paint (optional) How To Make It 1. Make a hole
Buying Guide. Think about door style. Needless to say, your door style will greatly determine the look of the completed kitchen. Many homes
Casa.com. Here's something a little different from all the home design flash sale sites that have been popping up. Casa.com is a new
Plant Of The Week. Last week at Sprout Home we received a shipment of Stephanotis floribunda, or Madagascar jasmine, and since that delivery
How To Remove Wrinkles Without An Iron (PHOTOS). Whether you're short on time or don't have an iron, there is no longer an excuse for creased and crumpled clothes. We've
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Design Inspiration. Located in the up-and-coming London neighborhood of Dalston, the cafe Tina, We Salute You is a popular coffee shop turned
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. Cut long horizontal 1.5-inch-wide strips from a t-shirt. 2. Cut the paper roll to your desired width of
How To Be Organized. Improvise containers. Look to the kitchen or other rooms for creative ones. A wide ceramic mug or canning jar can serve as
Sprout Home Q & A. Q
Etsy's Weird Salute To Presidents Day. Oh, Presidents Day. A time to honor our leaders, past and present, or reflect on the history of our great country. Or, a
One Kings Lane Launches Editorial Site Live Love Home. From home magazine redesigns to shelter web site facelifts, 2012 is looking more and more like a promising year of changes
House Beautiful March 2012. It's official. House Beautiful's new Spring Color issue just hit newsstands this week and it's all about green, which they're
Weekend DIY. If you have Presidents Day off, you have more than enough time to tackle a few simple fix-me-ups around the house this weekend
2012 Presidents Day Store Hours For Macy's, Kohl's And More. Did you know that Presidents Day sales are expected to be better than Black Friday? We did our research in preparation of
The Color Palettes That Will Make Your Home Look Outdated. Although these outdated color and decor choices are not complete deal breakers in a home, a pink bathroom or a burnt umber
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Stars For Streetlights. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day
How To Be Organized. Find the water source. Fix any water leaks that could be sourcing the moisture. This will stop re-infestation. If humidity
Dwell Magazine Makes A Cameo Appearance On 'The Office' (VIDEO). We obviously love Dwell, so we're inclined to take note of the magazine whenever we see it out and about -- like at airports
IKEA Furnishings Sold On Amazon?. Clearly, we take extra effort to stay on top of everything that's IKEA -- whether it means sifting through all their products
Presidents' Day Sales 2012. Though we honor our nation's greatest leaders, President's Day tends to mean two things to most people
Integrated Versus Fragmented. In order to provide clients with a \simple user experience\ architects must begin to take responsibility for the entire process of design and construction.
Can You Guess The Price Of These Home Decor Items From Marshalls, TJ Maxx? (QUIZ). We love a good bargain, and really, who doesn't? Which is why stores like TJ Maxx and Marshalls are irresistible to us, with
Sprout Home Inspiration of the Week. It might have been because of Valentine's Day, but upon my most recent visit to our Williamsburg, Brooklyn outpost of Sprout
Inside Anthology Magazine's Issue 6, 'Handmade At Home'. Open publication - Free publishing Issue No. 6 Trailer from Anthology Magazine on Vimeo. Inside the pages, you'll be introduced
Hotels Aspire to Your Homes. While it's hard to achieve the warmth of home from having loved ones around, we as hotel design professionals are creating an alternate that is more personal and welcoming than before.
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Stencil Fabric paint Foam brush Painter's tape Curtain panels Cardboard How To Make It 1. Place cardboard
Studio Tour. There's something undeniably soothing about seeing ceramic artist Kim Westad at work in her studio. \I love the idea and
How To Unclog A Drain (PHOTOS). We don't have to tell you that sink, toilet and shower clogs are an inconvenience, especially if slow water drainage leaves
Diane von Furstenberg's New York City Penthouse In Architectural Digest. Fran\u00e7ois Halard for Architectural Digest. The most captivating room is in Von Furstenberg's office/living area, where the
Trending LED. To find out what all the LED hype was about, I headed down the hall to our light bulb buyer's office to round up a handful of LED bulbs and get a quick LED light bulb lesson.
CustomMade Curator. While a little bizarre, this cityscape coffee table from CustomMade Artisan Scott Cawood Metal Artist is definitely unique
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. There are many occasions when a plant's leaf is more intriguing than its flower -- introducing the Copperleaf. The Acalypha
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. (Optional) Paint the cardboard. 2. Glue or tape the end of a string of yarn to the back of the letter. 3
It Makes All the Difference in the World How Art Is Viewed. As I was leaving I realized what a wonderful evening this had been and how it reminded me of just how important the holistic relationship of art to space, time and surroundings really is.
House Beautiful Introduces New Contributor, Gabrielle Hamilton, Owner Of Prune. Meet Gabrielle Hamilton, owner of New York's Prune restaurant -- and House Beautiful's 2012 Food Columnist (shown here with
Buying Guide. Know the dog bed types. For dogs that enjoy rolling around and sleeping on their backs, a standard large round or square
How To Be Organized. Handbags are often a microcosm of one's life in general. The same rules of organization still apply
Color Palette. Though the big trend of Fall 2012 Fashion Week seems to be models falling, we're talking about all the bright hues spotted
8 Free Printable Valentines Day Cards, Art And Gifts (PHOTOS). It's hard to ignore the calendar, but, um...we've all been guilty of not realizing a holiday is upon us until it's almost
5 New Uses For Coffee. Photo courtesy Cheryl Somers What are your favorite uses for coffee grounds? Share them in the comments! Garden Helper. When
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. This eclectic mix
Craft Of The Day. For a full tutorial, visit Fellow Fellow. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
WATCH. Daniel Moyer is a great example of a contemporary, high caliber design creative who employs wood furniture craftsmanship techniques of the highest order.
DIY Valentines Day Gift Idea. Turn convention on its head with this unique Valentine's Day gift idea that puts a whole bunch of trinkets in one compact
Clothes Washer and Dryer Tune-up. All it takes is a few small steps to make your machines work better, last longer and use less energy. Get them here.
Rodent Proof Your House. Rodents can be a real nuisance once they find a way into your home. Learn how you can stop them from getting in at all.
Smart Light Switch. Learn about the different types of smart light switches that are on the market and everything you need to know to install
Disaster Prevention. When you go out of town you want to be assured your home is safe and that you won't return to any major disasters. Learn
Reseal Concrete Driveway. Did you know that it's just as important to clean and seal your driveway as it is to clean and seal the deck around your
Regrout Tile. Eric Stromer shows us how to easily repair and re-grout the tile in a kitchen or bathroom. Learn how to do it in this video
Buying Guide. Side Sleeper. The most common sleeping style, side sleepers require a mattress that doesn't put stress on their shoulders
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Dried lavender Fabric scraps Needle and thread Pinking shears (optional) Photo by Cate Holst of Go Make
Install a Drip Watering System. Drip irrigation is a more efficient way to bring water to your plants. Here, Eric shows you how to install a simple battery
Repair a Hole in Drywall. If you have a hole in your drywall and have yet to repair it, consider this DIY project -- fix damaged drywall without a
Make a Platform Bed. Looking for a way to update your bedroom? A platform bed looks great and provides excellent support. Plus, it eliminates
Build a Chicken Coop. Raising chickens is a hobby that is gaining more and more popularity. It will pay off with food for your family and fertilizer
Heart & Home. All the best places in town are already booked for Valentine's Day, huh?  Well, there's still one place very close by that you may not have considered
Window Box Planter. A window box can enhance the overall appeal of your home and give your plants a great place to live. Eric shows you how to
How to Lay Paver Patio. Installing a pavers patio is a great, durable way to create a walkway through your garden.
Train a Vine on an Arbor. Climbing vibes can be trained to wrap around an arbor, pergola or other structures. Here's how!
Fruit Tree Basics. Fruit trees are a fantastic part of any yard or garden. Regular pruning and proper care will help your tree produce delicious
Household Fire Prevention. Did you know that every 20 seconds, the fire department responds to a fire somewhere in the nation? Here are things you can
Replace a Bathroom Faucet. Replace your bathroom faucet to give the room a new look.
Organic Gardening. Organic gardening practices are gaining popularity as more people realize the benefits. Your plants will be healthier and
Reseal an Asphalt Driveway. Repair and reseal the cracks and holes in your driveway to make it look its best.
Window Insulation Film. Want to protect your home from harmful ultraviolet rays, reduce glare and improve the overall energy efficiency of your home
Home Improvement. Turns out there's a slight difference when it comes to how women and men approach home improvements and decorating at home
13 Free Printables For Valentine's Day Desserts. Let's be honest, the love and romance surrounding Valentine's Day is great and all, but we're totally looking forward to
Wormy Chestnut Custom Furniture. Despite a growing awareness of the environmental and economic benefits of using reclaimed wood for furniture, obstacles to its wider acceptance persist.
Razed and Confused. Instead of the cold, cool foreground buildings presented, not one of which seems to owe anything to the rich and storied context of the Brooklyn waterfront, we might have had an entirely unique building infused with historic relevance, texture, and presence.
Gifts by Relationship Stage. You've withstood the test of time. Keep rocking steady all year long with these tips and examples of my favorite Valentine's Day gifts for husbands.
Home Makeover. The Dilemma
DIY Valentines Day Gifts. You already know that handmade gifts feel more heartfelt than storebought--we don't really need to tell you that. But if
Williams Sonoma Thief David Muscat Stole $200K From Garden City Store. Muscat has been caught and is facing charges. But all that is quite the elaborate operation, if you ask us. And we're still
The Dirtiest, Germiest Places In Your Home And How To Clean Them. Ceiling fans. The tops of ceiling fan blades are so overlooked that a thick layer of dust, resembling mold on ripe fruit
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Brooke Winters of Spruce Your Nest For more photos and spoon-bending tips, visit Spruce Your Nest. And, be sure
Design Inspiration. We're dreaming of... a Valentine's night spent in one of these luxurious bedrooms! With the big day right around the corner
How Do You Live With Hand-Me-Downs? (PHOTOS). Here at Stylelist Home, we're big proponents of secondhand items, because we love thinking of the different \lives\ they
Lighting Guide. - 'Boob' Lamps This typical ceiling lamps (featuring a domed shade) often have more opaque covers, so we suggest using a
Craft Of The Day. What You'll Need Chalkboard paint Pendant necklace (this is a bezel pendant on a chain) Ribbon Glue Painter's tape Chalk
10 Paint Color Apps For Your iPhone, iPad, and Android (PHOTOS). Choosing paint palettes in-store can get a little overwhelming at times. But with apps designed to find paint colors from
House Tour. Step into the Los Angeles home of Rooney rock band drummer Ned Brower and actress Sarah Jane Morris and you might be surprised
What It's Worth. On the whole, an expensive cocktail shaker doesn't mean that it's better. If you're paying prices that are anything above
How To Be Organized. Choose linen over cotton for drying dishes. Linen, an organic fiber woven from flax, is stronger, more absorbent, and lasts
Where To Find The Most Unique Valentines Day Gifts. Valentine's Day is almost here, and if braving the shopping frenzy at the mall isn't for you, consider gifting your loved
Color Palette. It's official, New York Fashion Week is here and designers will be showing off their collection for the coming Fall 2012
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. Place the scarf around your neck and mark where you want your camera to fall. 2. Draw a line about 1 1
Marlon Brando Couch Lawsuit. In this week's couch-related celebrity news, the Ashley Furniture Company has been forced to pay Marlon Brando's estate $356,000
5 New Uses For Beer. Growing up with many German relatives, I knew from an early age that beer was very important to people. But as an adult, I
New Study Says Patterned Rugs Can Cause Seasickness. What is the possible benefit of this new find? Well, \It's making me seasick,\ is the perfect excuse to get rid of a patterned
Sneak Peek Of Adam Levine's Los Angeles Home In Architectural Digest. The interiors are a mix of midcentury and contemporary styles. The living room has rosewood-paneled walls and a tufted purple
Inside George Clooney's Los Angeles House (VIDEO). But for all the manly man mystique that surrounds Clooney, one thing stood out in this preview clip that really let the star's
Craft Of The Day. Flickr Photo by pink.polka And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. How
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds (PHOTOS). As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. This eclectic mix
How To Organize Your Wallet. WATCH
How A Keychain Means 'Love' To Deputy Editor Dickson Wong. As I continue to build my own collection of home furnishings for my future dwelling, wherever it may be, I find myself evaluating
How A Swiss Army Knife Means 'Love' To Editor Brie Dyas. To say that I planned on moving out at the first chance is an understatement. Though I'm lucky to have a great relationship
A Guide To Interntional Fabric Care Symbols (PHOTOS). American fabric care labels can be difficult enough to read, but internationally-manufactured clothing often provide different
13 Strange Craigslist Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS). We're convinced that we'll never fully understand the logic, reasoning and motivation behind Craigslist vendors that pawn
Craft Of The Day. Flickr Photo by Lenore Edman Remember to have fun, and be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day
Discovering Napa's \Secret Season\. Many may not know this, but February is one of the most beautiful times of year in the Napa Valley.  Most think of this as the dead of winter, with bare trees and grey, lowering skies. In Napa, while there is a good bit of rain, it is often interspersed with gorgeous sunny afternoons.
Design Inspiration. With all of this in mind, we challenged ourselves to find different ways you can infuse orange into your home. From small
How to Be Organized. In the perfect world we would all know how to be organized and live clutter free. But the reality is that we have stuff, and that stuff can't always be neatly packed away into color-coordinated storage baskets. So how can you best live with your stuff?
DIY Ideas. This weekend, it's time to cross a few home improvement projects off that old to-do list. From changing out an ugly overhead
New On Pinterest. We've been addicted to Pinterest since, I don't know...as soon as we signed up in August. Since then, we've made lots of
How To Be Organized. Flickr photo by Triple Tri Cheesy puffs, chips and bread. The crumbly residue of these appetizer staples can get everywhere
Solutions for a Flat Screen TV. Your TV doesn't have to be the focus of the room -- Kristan shares three great ways to incorporate it into your space.
Create a Home Library. Crafting a home library can be expensive. Learn how to do it on the cheap and with style in this home decorating how-to video
What to Do With Heirloom Art. If you have inherited family heirlooms and aren't sure what to do with them, try these decorative ideas from Kristan.
Customizing Tables. Kristan shows us how to take a $15 table and transform it into something customized and stylish.
Make a Bar at Home. A home bar isn't just a coveted real estate element -- it's something you can build easily with things you probably already
Front Porch Ideas. Your home's entrance is your first chance to show off your personality. Why settle for a boring white door when it's so easy
Create a Resort-Like Outdoor Room. Want to recreate your favorite vacation memories in your own backyard? Let's create an outdoor room with well-traveled flair
Make Your Dining Table a Home Office. You can create a home office and dining room in one space -- Kristan will show you how!
Kitchen Makeover. Looking for a quick kitchen makeover? Turn the kitchen table into a spot to comfortably read the morning paper or have a
Boston Magazine Launches New Home Design Blog Roost. One of the best ways for us to keep an eye on all of the great things happening in the home design world across the country
How Much Are the Fines for a Book 31 Years Late?. I am about to return a book that is 31 years late. I checked it out of my school's library when I was in 3rd grade. I can't imagine the fines. I hope that my recent donations of art and books to their fundraising auctions will soften the blow, as well as a heartfelt note of apology, but how do you calculate such a bill?
NFL Homes. PHOTOS
Bedroom Makeover. Looking to stage your own bedroom makeover? Take the opportunity to.create a space that's sexy -- without being cheesy. There's
Decorating a Rental Apartment. Don't be discouraged by what you can't do in a rental -- be inspired! You can make changes and add personality without ruining
Coffee Table Decorating. You love your coffee table, but why leave it plain -- or worse, cluttered? Here, three ideas for creating beautiful, fun
How to Frame Pictures. Enhance your favorite gallery by framing them in beautiful and creative ways.
How to Hide a Boring Sofa Back. The best way to finish off a room -- hide that boring sofa back! Here are three ways to make the space functional and attractive
Make a Room Divider. Decorative screens can stylishly divide a room or cover up an ugly architectural feature. But why buy an expensive one when
Decoupage a Wall. Looking for a new way to jazz up your walls? Decoupaging is a fun and easy choice.
Decorating a Kid's Room. Yes, you can decorate a kid's room that's fun and whimsical while still being sophisticated enough for when they grow up
Accessorize Your Living Room. Picking out big pieces of furniture -- that's the easy part. Accessorizing your living room can be challenging, but also
Make a Cork Wall. A cork wall is a great, low-cost way to customize your space.
Design Inspiration. It goes without saying that the TV room, which is also sometimes called the media room, is the entertainment hub in the home
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. Paint your tray. (You can leave the tray surface uncovered because that is where the decorative paper will
Living Room Decorating Tips (VIDEO). But keep in mind proportions, low tables should be grouped with smaller seating while larger couches and armchairs will likely
Wheels. The first time I encountered the Tour table -- a satisfyingly thick sheet of ground glass poised on four glittering chromium-plated bicycle wheels -- I was smitten.
Craft Of The Day. Is there a songbird that serenades you every morning or a blue jay that chirps outside your kitchen window in the afternoon
Former New York Giants' Amani Toomer's Newly Renovated 50K Home Theater. Who spends 50K on a time-crunched two week renovation of a home theater they're not even going to use? If you'd asked us
Revamp Your Kitchen With a DIY Backsplash. Feel stuck with your current tile backsplash? Don't. You can use plexiglass and decorative paper to create endless options
Painting a Mural. This DIY wall mural is a great way to wake up an otherwise boring room (or complement one with tons of personality!). Here's
Kid-Friendly Living Room Decorating. A living room that's comfortable, stylish and appreciated by all age groups? It's possible.
Decorate Your Super Bowl Party With 11 Free Printables. Super Bowl Sunday is quickly approaching, so we want to make sure your home is as party-ready as it can possibly be. Is your
How To Be Organized. The following ten steps can be applied to any organizing task, large or small
Getting Married Without Ruining Your Bookshelves. By Rebecca Joines Schinsky for BookRiot
Man Drinks Green Cleaning Product, Survives (VIDEO). Gersh Drinks Cleaning Fluid from NYT The Local - Ft. Greene on Vimeo. While keeping up with our morning news reads, one particular
5 Flat Screen TV Mounts For Your Home (PHOTOS). For five great flat screen TV mounts on the market right now, flip through the slideshow below
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. Paint a layer of Mod Podge onto the base of the bottle. (Don't try to cover too much of the bottle or the
Color Palette. It goes without saying that we look to everything, from flowers to table settings, as color inspiration for our homes. But
Throw The Perfect Super Bowl 2012 Party. Simple changes like creating a buffet table or arranging the seats beforehand can do wonders for making your party feel like
How To Be Organized. Laundry may seem like a relatively easy chore, but it might surprise you just how many mistakes you're making with every
Sprout Home Gardening Q&A. All Photos Courtesy of Sprout Home Q
Wood Shop At Haus Interior By David Stark And Nina Freudenberger (PHOTOS). Stylelist Home
5 New Uses For Baby Powder. Baby powder can go far beyond bathtime. This product has a host of other uses...mostly in the realm of de-stinking anything
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Home Finds. Today's selections include pieces by Herman Miller, Bernard Buffett, Rosenthal and Alexander Girard. Be sure to check out
Craft Of The Day. Photo by Elizabeth Stewart of Eliza K Prints How To Make It 1. Carve your orange using a knife. (For a longer burn time, try
CustomMade Curator. If you thought drums were only for making music, you're wrong! But, it's okay because we did too. That is, until CustomMade
Sprout Home Plant Of The Week. With 2012 being the Year of the Dragon (and in light of Chinese New Year) it is only appropriate to select the Dragon Tree
How To Be Organized. This month, we started the New Year with a wide array of cleaning and organizational tips. But to help you keep your cleaning
Craigslist Finds. As you may have noticed already, we like Craigslist because it's a great resource...and because we get to see all the outrageous
Thrift Stores. Love it or hate it, large, nationwide thrift stores like the Salvation Army and Goodwill can be a treasure trove for decor
Craft Of The Day. How To Make It 1. Place a layer of craft glue on a portion of the cork wedge. 2. Push thumbtacks into the shoe so that the
Buying Guide. If you're shopping around for a mattress now or thinking about getting one in the near future, here are a few options to
Kelly Wearstler Designs New Hollywood Home, Struggles Selling Her Own. We've been wondering what designer and the queen of Hollywood Regency decor, Kelly Wearstler, has been up to...and how her
DIY Ideas. Looking to update and refresh your home with some simple upgrades that won't take up too much of your time? These 9 DIY home
IKEA Shopping. Long considered the go-to for budget-friendly furniture with a Swedish slant, IKEA has probably furnished more family homes
Design Inspiration. Allow us to dream a little this weekend. Ever since we flipped through the latest issue of Wall Street Journal Magazine, which
On the Fence. When designing a home, I generally believe the fewer walls the better so I encourage people to take risks in favor of more openness.
