The revolution is coming to rural New Brunswick.
\u201cTogether they will influence markets all over the world on a scale we\u2019ve never seen before.\u201d
We may not realize it, but retailers are conditioning us to be our own cashiers.
Your next boss could be an algorithm
\u201cPeople didn\u2019t view me seriously because I was a 15-year-old girl.\u201d
Tech entrepreneur Dan Price is working to curb the dangers of \unbridled capitalism.\
Fifteen million people have it, yet it remains in the shadows.
This camp in southern Spain is finding ways to restore degraded land.
But not everyone is on board.
A photographer visited some of the planet's most pristine places to capture images of the natural world.
Meet the woman trying to save them.
Tech is created by humans, and it\u2019s vulnerable to our biases and stereotypes.
\We're not struggling.\
A hashtag is mobilizing hundreds to vote in the Malaysian elections, but the bots are out in force too.
Robots put jobs on the line and threaten a rise in income inequality, experts say.
And it's getting millennials interested in farming.
\We\u2019re giving people the tools to represent themselves.\
He believes a jobs crisis is looming -- and robots are to blame.
In a country with one of the lowest rates of female participation in the labor market, the digital economy is enabling some women to become breadwinners
Ford's rumored purchase of vacant Michigan Central Station raises the potentially ugly tradeoff between private cash and public benefit.
It boils down to a failure to question capitalism, civilization, and the notion of progress.
A Greek nonprofit hopes to find a better use for the billions of dollars worth of prescription medication wasted every year.
Evicted from its stadium, Dulwich Hamlet, a 125-year-old soccer club with strong community ties, is standing firm.
The discovery may be a breakthrough in tackling the plastic pollution crisis.
The disorder is often misunderstood.
You can find them in Manhattan's Union Square through Friday.
'This is a social movement.'
But it may be too little, too late for the city with a history of inequality
This is not about being shy.
'Ikigai' is the Japanese word for finding what fulfils you
It might seem like it\u2019s easier to interact with others online, but social media can provide new stressors and a deeper sense of isolation.
\u201cA refugee camp is a hotbed for disease.\
The illustrated profiles of men and women who've experienced homelessness in New York City in this series are gorgeous.
Many without computers or reliable internet rely on free computer labs or public WiFi networks to do their homework.
Even as they claimed they were committed to fighting climate change.
Felix Finkbeiner, 19, has already planted 15 billion saplings.
And there's up to 16 times more trash than scientists had thought.
Fighting against colonization and now gentrification in the Bay Area.
The fast food chain maintains that its own \rigorous\ internal auditing system protects workers from abuse.
\If it goes on, we might lose it all.\
This New Jersey neighborhood refuses to be overrun by Starbucks and CVS.
Signs from Washington, D.C., to Washington state called for tighter gun control and background checks.
\Alarm bells should be ringing.\
The Baltimore store is being touted as the first of its kind, with a mission that it hopes will spread.
Because \u2014 let\u2019s face it \u2014 some inevitably will.
If it goes ahead, the facility will operate around the clock, with 189 trucks making trips.
Early cases of the virus were different from those today.
And why bamboo may be an answer.
But people can't live on microgreens and exotic salads alone.
\This is a movement here to stay.\
Things are great for those at the top -- but \not at all\ for everybody else, the economist says.
In a bid to cut air pollution and make cities more livable.
\When people are struggling so much just to afford their homes, they\u2019re suffering in a multitude of ways.\
Campaigners\u200b can use the moral force of international law to drastically reduce pollution to oceans.
Anthony Borges, 15, was shot several times protecting his classmates.
\Unless you\u2019re poor, it\u2019s hard to understand what it\u2019s like to be poor.\
But local communities are starting to take back control.
Richmond became the ninth U.S. community in the last year to sue fossil fuel giants over climate change.
At least 3,000 children have a baffling seizure disorder. For many, it's a reminder of the years of brutal unrest.
These millennials want to change society.
While in the United States, Donald Trump announces plans to gut public land protections.
As long as health care is subservient to corporate interests, any cost-cutting will be to the benefit of the rich, not the sick.
A smiling, talking fridge might seem fun. But what happens when it has said all it has to say?
In Shanghai, an army of secret recyclers has been credited with keeping mountains of trash out of the city's landfills.
\u201cWe\u2019re being eaten up little by little. Chinatown is getting very small.\u201d
It's a little-discussed type of pollution but could be affecting your health.
Almost 60 percent of jobs at risk of being replaced by technology are held by women.
Climate change is partly to blame, but it\u2019s not the whole story.
Spoiler alert
Are we ready?
\Ministries of happiness can work in societies where people don't have to worry about fuel shortages or erratic electricity supply.\
The insatiable Norwegian thirst for Arctic oil flies in the face of the Paris global climate agreement
Santa Monica officials decided to look at more than just economic prosperity when gauging their citizens' success.
Fixing that will take some bold new ideas.
Trachoma, easily treatable, blinds thousands of the world's poorest every year.
\u201cEducation is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.\u201d This quote from Plutarch is as true today as it was
We must embrace our grief for the world we are losing before we can effectively protect it.
The year 2017 was strange. Full of surprises. Maybe the most significant and least noticed one came at the very end. Let
Lawsuits focused on climate change and another Canada-U.S. pipeline will be in the news.
It wasn\u2019t all unrelenting doom and gloom in 2017.
Here are some of my favorite, frugal, effective non-profit citizen action organizations that you may wish to favor with your
And it's not just because Leonardo DiCaprio's on board.
By Darryl Lorenzo Wellington You can\u2019t enter the Interfaith Community Shelter of Santa Fe, New Mexico with plans to spend
Participatory budgeting is  democracy in action. But is it inclusive?
Beyond the many moments of disbelief and anger I have felt watching essential climate protections be rolled back this year
What else could be taxed? From pollution to robots.
Maybe someone should tell Donald Trump.
By 23, Amanda Banura of Uganda has overcome more than many people do in a lifetime. At a young age, Amanda was raped by her
A new study focused on the impact of dirty air on those at least 60 years old.
Preserving Net Neutrality is essential to social impact.
\It\u2019s not just the animals out in the oceans that are affected by this stuff.\
By Annika Grassl The ability to advocate for yourself and others is increasingly important in today\u2019s social and political
Think that pic of you caressing a tiger is cool? Think again.
Not crying. Just allergies.
A California man down on his luck got a change of fortune after a blanket he inherited from his grandmother sold for nearly
Is a world beyond \fast fashion\ possible?
Danni Messina offered to pay for every like and retweet her tweet received. Then she went viral.
Turning #GivingTuesday into #GivingNewsDay -- a new national campaign will match donations to nonprofit journalism.
Almost all of those online donation platforms charge administrative fees.
Here are some groups assisting with five worthy causes from Puerto Rico to Syria and beyond.
Get ready for an automated world.
Reasons to back away from the annual shopping bonanza.
It has never been more important to take action in defense of American democracy.
\u201cTruly believe that all Johnny needs is one little break.\
Consider setting aside some of your shopping budget for a cause.
At REI we're asking customers to #OptOutside instead
Many of those still displaced by Harvey, Irma and Maria will celebrate the holiday together.
The celebrity chef and his team have served more than 2.3 million meals since Hurricane Maria struck.
Nonprofits really need help when volunteer numbers dry up after New Year's.
It is very difficult these days to not engage in political discussion. Outrage from both the left and right dominate the
If your family is anything like mine, each holiday is always colored by some good, old-fashioned partisan rancor.
\u201cIt\u2019s such an easy process adding a pound to the end of every bill, it seems like a no-brainer.\
Both parties are required to contribute if we are to take a positive step toward change in breaking down stereotypes and gender expectations.
In the face of Trump's inaction, dozens sign Brewery Climate Declaration.
Fighting between the government and opposition forces has displaced millions and caused severe food shortages.
Americans discarded the equivalent of 6 million turkeys last year.
Christmas joy. Dancing sugar plums. Storefronts dressed in holiday style. Once upon a time, scenes such as these filled my
The hidden environmental cost of your online shopping.
Today I have stable housing, two beautiful children, and my loving husband. It has been a long process to get to this point
By Adam Meyer UCF Forum columnist As a resident of Orlando, I share the following thoughts on my recent Hurricane Irma experience
Houston is tapping into faith communities to tackle soaring diabetes rates.
This is crazy. I shouldn\u2019t be doing this. There\u2019s no way this is going to work. These were the thoughts flowing through my
\u201cTrump is America\u2019s wake-up call\u201d I heard a visitor to the United States say the other day. True. Trump\u2019s first year has
Our addiction to plastic has serious consequences.
Think more money at the top of the income scale means more at the bottom? It doesn't.
If you\u2019ve opened a newspaper recently, you have probably seen reports detailing the flight of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya
By Keith Hoffmann, Coordinating Attorney of LegalHealth, New York Legal Assistance Group As we celebrate Veterans Day, Congress
I called him Charlie. Charlie was, and still is a stoic man who, despite the Surgeon General\u2019s warning, smokes Swisher Sweet
In our polarized nation in this difficult time, there is something reassuring about the sight of people helping.
Global gender equality declined this year for the first time since WEF began tracking it.
Every year, the global community commemorates World AIDS Day on Dec. 1. It is a time to honor those who have lost their lives
I could feel the stares. The 3-year-old I\u2019ll call Jesus crackled plastic and rustled in his chair. We were in the back of
HuffPost traveled to Congo to document efforts to fight this deadly disease.
When we think of socialism in the United States, we envision the Soviet Union and Lenin\u2019s tomb, striking French labor unions
Co-authored by
There is finally a new awakening to tackle this ancient plague.
By Darryl Lorenzo Wellington I remember. I remember because I will always love New Orleans. All the residents of the Gulf
HuffPost traveled to Nigeria and Congo to document the fight against this preventable disease.
There's something very wrong about \u201c$20 million condos being built while our streets are lined with the homeless.\u201d
The cost savings of alternative energy lure GOP mayors, but the climate reasons resonate, too.
But the city has its sights set on a stronger, greener grid.
Adoptee issues and rights are often ignored.
I didn\u2019t so much feel \u201cHouston Strong,\u201d although that slogan would apply. I mostly felt the strength of churches.
Albert Einstein's scribbled note on happiness is wisdom worth remembering.
Co-authored by Alexandra Lamarche, Advocate, Refugees International As the highest-level Trump Administration official to
Some of the same people who protested her views asked her for help when their daughters needed abortions.
HuffPost traveled to Nigeria to document efforts to fight this illness.
We must neither allow the poorest in Kenya to bear the cost nor let this crises stifle Kenya\u2019s human development.
Most companies worldwide have yet to commit to goals \equal to the climate threat we face.\ But there are encouraging signs.
Brace yourself
The former presidents came together to attend the \One America Appeal\ benefit concert. The fund has raised $31 million to date.
\u201cFor too long, dirty fuels have jeopardized the health of our communities and put our children\u2019s future at risk.\
\My husband is not happy about this whole thing.\
HuffPost traveled to Nigeria and Congo to film the devastating toll that three illnesses take on local people, and what\u2019s being done to help.
The news actually is biased, but not the way most may suspect.
by Seher Khawaja She lives with her mother and two young children in a one-bedroom apartment, working odd and demanding hours
A prosperous society is one which enables everyone to live decently, not just the rich.
\I am providing for my family. I feel like the boss, but it is hard.\
When I visited Uganda last year, I met a woman named Sarah*. As she relayed, from the moment she was born, Sarah\u2019s life was
World Food Day (Oct. 16) reminds us of America\u2019s most urgent foreign policy objective
Sick people, older people and the very young are especially vulnerable right now.
By Thomas Kennedy Since the election of Donald Trump to the presidency, the daily lives of undocumented immigrants in this
\u201cIf you say \u2018air pollution\u2019 to someone, they don\u2019t necessarily think about what is happening inside their homes.\
America should pay attention.
Some families have returned to find nothing but ashes.
Only a handful of elders on the reservation speak it fluently today.
On the International Day of the Girl Child \u2013 and every day \u2013 the U.S. President\u2019s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR
Although substantial progress has been made to increase animal adoption across the country, there are approximately 3.3 million
\Our sons went to war, but we\u2019re here to fight the battle.\u201d
When I first started Urban Dreams, my goal was to give a voice to the voiceless. There were very few nonprofits at that time
Fewer than a fourth of the island's cell towers are operational, making communications nearly impossible.
Plan for a long haul.
Seemingly everyday we wake to some new terrifying and dispiriting news from the Trump Administration.\u00a0 It\u2019s almost too much
Healthier Moms and Babies provides education on prenatal care and much more.
The U.S. hit several historic firsts in renewable energy in 2016 and 2017, according to a major new report.
A shortage of home appraisers is gumming up the works.
A disease detective calls out the world's apathy toward forgotten illnesses.
If we want to feel change instead of just talking about it, we have to put aside petty partisanship and be open to finding common ground.
\We have over 500 in our hospitals being treated and we need to provide them with some sort of support.\
An Indian immigrant in Ohio is helping Bhutanese women to be economically independent through her new program.
\Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it's going to help another group of people.\
Fighting for change has always made people uncomfortable.
I have often wondered whether it was possible for a Muslim, especially a woman wearing a veil, to be heard with public appreciation
Eduardo Feldman\u2019s photo project celebrates the work of the people who took to the streets to help.
Many undocumented people have been living in fear under the Trump administration.
I see every day how working in and for the natural world can change a young person.
At ground zero of the U.S. opioid crisis in Charleston, Dr. Michael Brumage runs a harm-reduction program to bring dignity and clean needles to a daunting fight.
Even our coal mining history gets falsely homogenized.
As a mother to a toddler son, I\u2019m often asked if my husband and I want to give him a sibling. What\u2019s implied in that question
\u201cPart of living in paradise is keeping an eye on the storm.\u201d
It\u2019s no secret that we\u2019ve reached the peak of instant gratification in society. The combination of our deeply polarized political
Twenty veterans die by suicide every day.
Our opioid crisis deserves as much attention as our tourism.
The children's father did not  survive the devastating storm.
By Thomas Kennedy In the last couple of weeks, Floridians have struggled with Hurricane Irma and its aftermath. Foreseeing
Oxfam wants to \send a message to Trump but also world leaders that they need to do more to help refugees.\
One-third of children who are exposed to domestic abuse will become victims when they grow up.
Today the Center for Open Data Enterprise is pleased to announce the launch of the SDG National Reporting Initiative. Visit
Solidarity is central to what it means to be a union.
Nonviolent forms of activism are in the spotlight in the wake of neo-Nazi demonstrations around the country. Dolores Huerta
Pets aren\u2019t appliances. They are living, breathing, loving animals who deserve as much loyalty and compassion as they give
Trusting the Department of Veterans Affairs and not seeking outside assistance can hurt veterans. Meet Joe Stahurski. Experts
A few things you should watch out for as you rebuild your communities.
They will most likely become national figures in the next few years.
His home city of St. Louis has a huge number of rundown, uninhabited buildings.
I did everything I could outside yesterday, thinking I would be making last-minute efforts in the rain today. I\u2019m really
The former NBA star donated $250,000 to hurricane relief efforts and pledged to match contributions that total up to $1 million.
As we keep our eyes peeled on the latest track of Hurricane Irma and hope for the best, I want to take you back to what played
Irma made landfall just after 9 a.m. Sunday and is expected to move up the state's west coast.
In the growing wake of #HurricaneIrma, #HurricaneHarvey, the floods across #Bangladesh, #India, and #Nepal, and Friday\u2019s
Let\u2019s remember not everyone can jump up and just leave.
Money, blood and shelter are all needed.
Ramon Santiago insisted Pam Brekke take the machine he'd just bought so she could secure her father\u2019s oxygen supply during the storm.
Houston has barely begun to recover from Harvey, and Irma is already devastating the Caribbean.
As the rain fell and the flood waters rose, those safe from the devastation that racked coastal Texas watched in disbelief
I couldn\u2019t be prouder of my son and my city.
Every effort must be made in the coming days to ensure that warnings reach the most marginalised and vulnerable.
Poverty is a risk factor when it comes to extreme weather.
There are 400,000 new kala azar cases each year, but treatment is scarce.
I am frustrated by the lack of understanding that undermines the efforts of many dedicated staff and volunteers in the nonprofit
Following the unthinkable events in Charlottesville, Virginia, many Americans are wondering what can be done to ease the
Rescuing them was 'mission impossible.' Meeting them was mission adorable.
We are taught to do seva \u2015 selfless service to those in need of it \u2015 and to help out our community in times like these by coming together as one.
No matter where I go in the world, Houston will always be home.
\u201cWe were initially hoping to send 200 pounds of cheese, but the donations kept pouring in,\ says a spokeswoman.
They afflict everyone equitably.
As Brookings points out in an excellent post, the flooding in Texas is another cruel opportunity to learn lessons about how
\Devastation on this level can severely impact or effectively end a student\u2019s pursuit of a college degree.\
Without timely treatment, these pediatric patients faced risk of death. Houston doctors and the Coast Guard swooped in to help.
\u201cThey waded in the water, as far as they could, to get to all these people and they\u2019re just so happy to see them.\
By Sarah Brock, originally posted on Facebook, reposted here with permission. We checked our phones to get any information
You haven't broken our spirits, you unleashed our superpower.
The heroic act is just one of many that have continued to outshine Hurricane Harvey's devastation.
An estimated 30,000 people in the Houston area are now displaced.
Harvey's heroes brought boats and waded through water in concert with emergency crews.
The owner of Gallery Furniture says he's welcomed 400 Texans with hot food and a place to rest.
Anheuser-Busch and MillerCoors have both stepped up to provide drinking water to those hit hard by the storm.
We need to follow Houston\u2019s lead and come together, not only to overcome the storm, but to overcome the oppressive divide we are seeing in our nation.
For me, the Ice Bucket Challenge is not just a way to raise money for ALS research. It\u2019s not just about hope. The effect
Co-authored by Adam Messenlehner Last week tragedy struck in Charlottesville when white supremacists and neo-Nazis took to
Donations of food, money and blood are all sought.
Each day since Charlottesville has been worse, with Trump\u2019s presidency casting a dark shadow on my family\u2019s otherwise light, happy days.
But it was to make a very important point.
You may think your voice doesn't matter, that it doesn't count... but it does.
only two more states are needed to pass the Equal Rights Amendment.
By Manoj Chopra UCF Forum columnist As an immigrant born in Delhi, India, I must stress that the United States has provided
The WWE wrestler is usually the one doing the surprising. Not this time.
The red and yellow lights atop the skyscraper honor the victims of the terrorist attacks in Spain.
Thousands of animals have found their forever homes thanks to our Clear the Shelters event. From older dogs to kittens to
In August 2005, I was again given the opportunity to speak at the Sub-commission of the UNCHR. This time, too, I only had
The greatest tragedy of all regarding Charlottesville will be if the masses fail to recognize that those who showed up to
By consistently showing up in force to protest against hatred, the people of Charlottesville have ensured that the wannabe nazis cannot claim the mantle of the silent majority.
Cross posted from UN Women. Saba Ismail started working on peacebuilding in Pakistan when she was 15 years old. The perceptions
Story by Tovin Lapan; Video by Emrys Eller This story was produced by The Hechinger Report, a nonprofit, independent news
By Kristin Seefeldt, University of Michigan After \u201cRose\u201d lost her low-wage job in a southeast Michigan nursing home, the
By Cheryl Jensen, FairWarning People who don\u2019t buckle up when they ride in the rear seat because they think it\u2019s safer back
By Reverend Rachel Kessler One of the undeniable facts about having kids is that you are forced to get over a fear of asking
No country in the world is adequately supporting women to breastfeed in line with the global recommendations.
\u201cOffer it\u00a0Up\u201d You must have an empty cup my sister You must have an empty cup You have given to everyone but yourself and
There\u2019s no escaping the fact that communications and public relations work involves an element of rejection. In PR, the rejection
By Bruce Janz,\u00a0UCF Forum columnist Humanities is just about reading old books and writing new ones, isn\u2019t it? Not anymore
I am haunted by the face of an 11-year-old Kenyan girl.
It\u2019s common in developing countries where people are desperate and vulnerable.
Zeerak, a 4-year-old boy muppet, fights for gender equality and girls' education.
Susanne Becken, Griffith University Wouldn\u2019t it be great if something as simple and pleasurable as international travel could
Eight dollars can buy a latte for you and a colleague on your coffee break, or a salad at lunch; it can allow you to put
Summer is a busy time for airports all across this country, but in a major tourist destination like Miami, this is especially
By Georgette Mulheir, CEO, Lumos, Janet Scardino, CEO, Comic Relief/Red Nose Day USA, and Kathleen Strottman, Executive Director
These experts all fight tirelessly against mental health obstacles.
Refugees often get stuck in low-paying, menial jobs. This restaurant  wants to change that.
Consider this
Following Monday\u2019s donation, Buffet remained the world\u2019s fourth-richest person.
Getting a condom or the morning-after pill might be as simple as popping down the street to the local pharmacy. But for women
Shame thrives on silence.
In a fast-paced world driven by noise, excitement, and continuous connections thanks to technology, I think we\u2019ve lost an
Portland Alano Club offers hope for recovery with innovative tool kit
Fred Rotondaro, an Italian American leader, died on June 26. He was, by every measure, a remarkable man. On hearing of his
\Dialogue enables people to be just that -- people.\
The development sector isn\u2019t doing too well. In the United States, President Trump\u2019s proposed budget cuts to foreign aid
Kumbaya is not really in our vocabulary at Brave New Films. We are believers, not conciliators, not dealmakers. There is
Did you know that nearly 40% of girls in juvenile detention and correctional facilities identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual
Overall, however, my study suggests that more microcredit would benefit poor countries. National governments and international
While cities have made great strides, there\u2019s more that we can do.
You want to #resist? Helping refugees means helping refugees, you know, talk the talk not just walk the walk. And not just
Before I spent a month living in a Syrian refugee camp, the word refugee meant very little to me. It\u00a0existed solely in news
For over 40 years now, I have been working to eliminate leprosy. For the first twenty years, curing the disease was my main
We keep forgetting that you exist.
What\u2019s in my bag? Today, it\u2019s my phone, keys, wallet, tissues, metro card, lipstick, a pen, sunglasses and a \u201cDaniel Tiger
By Dyan Mazurana, Tufts University The world\u2019s approximately 450,000 humanitarian aid workers operate amid armed conflicts
Ga\u00ebll Mainguy, Centre de Recherches Interdisciplinaires (CRI) The Open Source Drug Discovery project, launched in 2008 by
Are we creating the perfect conditions for a dramatic disaster to happen?
According to its lead vocalist, Mely Fernandez, whom I met in Dili, the late 1990s were a new beginning for Timorese youth
I\u2019m a coach who helps clients recover from compulsive, addictive behavior in relationships, yet I\u2019m still working on my own
A new relationship\u2014whether personal or professional\u2014is a lot like buying a new car. Driving it off the lot is pure bliss
When Dr. Samuel DuBois Cook passed away May 29 our nation and world lost a very creative and distinguished political scientist
Fabio Andres Diaz, International Institute of Social Studies Ongoing anti-government demonstrations in Brazil. The Women\u2019s
By Paul Feldman, FairWarning Each year, roughly three dozen children die of heatstroke in unattended vehicles. Today three
The following is a guest post by Mar\u00eda del Pilar Desangles, an Assistant Director at the Center for Community Service & Justice
I stood in line for Congresswoman Anna Eshoo\u2019s town hall meeting on Saturday, April 22, waiting to discuss with her about
She offers a three-point plan for plastic waste.
I am not alone. But in the end, whether or not my generation inherits a livable planet relies on our leaders to actually
The Ball is Always in Our Court I must have been about two years old yet I vividly remember the two sisters who used to come
This week, NPR\u2019s Scott Simon spoke with evolutionary biologist and atheist Richard Dawkins about religion, terrorism, and
Alameda County in California straddles the San Francisco Bay area and stretches from Silicon Valley north to Oakland and
Why is local income inequality rising? How can we quantify it?
Every two seconds, a girl gives birth, reports Save The Children.
It is time for the US to develop a mechanism to protect the Constitution, US lives, and those that would be sent to fight wars.
As you celebrate your day off, take a moment to reflect on the reason behind this summer kick off.
They're an environmental nightmare.
This fight is not just about particular immigration policies, but about the very identity of our nation and its values.
I was rushing around town yesterday morning, a few days before Memorial Day. And when I say rushing, I mean really rushing
We need to find opportunities to strengthen, not dismantle, programs that help low-income families.
The benefits of reducing food waste are numerous.
In the recently published Arab Youth Survey (Arab Youth Survey) there was one alarming figure that caught my attention
So that leaves vaccinating dogs. Break the cycle of transmission in dogs, eliminate the rabies virus and everyone is protected
Summertime, and the livin\u2019 is easy Fish are jumpin\u2019 and the cotton is high Oh your daddy\u2019s rich and your ma is good-lookin
A lot of the food we throw out is edible -- and loaded with nutrients.
If so, we need a multisector, multidisciplinary approach.
The best way to help out-of-work coal miners is to invest in making them part of the clean-energy future.
The expanded Global Gag Rule impacts 15 times more funding than its previous iteration
In a recent Generations United/The Eisner Foundation nationwide survey conducted online by Harris Poll*, more than half of
Just leave a bag of non-perishable food at your mailbox. We'll take care of the rest.
\u201cMovies are the most powerful empathy machine in all the arts. When I go to a great movie I can live somebody else\u2019s life
And they're made by queer and transgender artists of color.
One of the most effective counter-terrorism training efforts not currently being corrected is the empowerment of Muslim women
Nobody deserves to go hungry. In the US there is wide cultural and political agreement on this principle, even among those
\u201cHe who opens a school door, closes a prison.\u201d
Way too many of them end up in the ocean.
Currently, one in 11 seniors faces hunger. Over the next decade, that figure is projected to double.
\u201cI fought for this country so people can have freedom from persecution.\u201d
Women do unpaid labor in households worldwide every single day.
It\u2019s been a little more than 30 years since I handed my first foster child, Nate, back to her mother. Nate (pronounced NAT
When I first joined CDC as a disease detective in 1988, polio was far from extinct. Nearly 1,000 children were paralyzed
No knife skills required.
We need to work together to continue to fight for women\u2019s rights to land, water, and livelihoods.
I respect your strength, determination and resilience. You are a survivor. Your children are survivors.
If Congress votes to eliminate AmeriCorps funding, our country\u2019s public lands and waters will suffer. Every year, AmeriCorps
In the small village of Dana Toc in Myanmar, community organizers are engaged in the task of gathering all their neighbors
The following is a guest post by Jordan Sherman, an Assistant Teacher at Kennedy Krieger Institute, where she works with
Half of any battle is knowing when and how to take action. People who are bitten by a dog in a rabies endemic country need
The Presidential Leadership Scholars Program on Why We Must Learn to Understand and Relate to Each Other Over the past 18
The idea is to break boundaries between U.S.-born and immigrant communities.
My favorite moment from last year\u2019s Boston Marathon was watching a proud father and his 2-year-old son cross the finish line
Even though I was not raised Catholic, I always enjoyed the idea of giving something up for Lent. I remember viewing it as
My mother can be so annoying. She calls me every other day to ask how my daughter is doing. When my daughter takes the subway
The company says it's committed to recycling, but a new Greenpeace report says that's not enough.
Electricity reaches less than one-quarter of Haiti. This is an obstacle to economic and social development. Today, the biggest
Its official, Mercury has gone retrograde and with it comes the possibility of technical communication break downs, misunderstandings
When a village is electrified, good things flow.
***TRIGGER WARNING
The president justified the move by saying the organization performs abortions and sterilization procedures. It doesn't.
Incurable, a curse, unclean, hereditary, highly infectious, deadly, limited to undeveloped areas or tropical regions, an
A dog is not a family member. It is not capable of human emotion, and it is certainly not worth any tears. A dog is disposable
Two days after President Trump\u2019s inauguration, I visited the Islamic Society of Baltimore* as part of a Jain-Muslim interfaith
\ud83e\udd22 \ud83e\udd22 \ud83e\udd22
In 1941, clinical trials with Promin, a sulfone drug, began with six volunteer leprosy patients at the Gillis W. Long Hansen\u2019s
The headlines from last week were dreadful for the homeless youth we serve at Covenant House, the largest charity in the
It's for a good cause!
Last night I had the pleasure to attend the ceremony at which Maggie MacDonnell was awarded the Global Teacher Prize, an
Most Americans have never heard of them. But intestinal worms known as soil-transmitted helminths (STHs) were once endemic
He\u2019s hoping to counter negative stereotypes of Muslims.
It is so hard to simultaneously admire someone and acknowledge their failings. Whether it be a racist grandmother or a beloved
Since my daughter Casey was killed by a distracted driver in 2009, I have worked to develop distracted driving presentations
\She never came back to how she was before,\u201d says the sister of one little girl.
Bomb explosions are a daily occurrence in Nangarhar Province, a region of Afghanistan overrun by ISIS fighters. Simple routines
Gun violence is a women\u2019s issue.
Author Celeste Ng started the hashtag #smallacts to share ways to support people under threat.
This week Pope Francis offered what to do when we pass beggars on the street
\Federal action could slow change, but change will come.\
\We\u2019re invested in training a generation of activists.\
Ten countries have already signed on.
Recently, and of course very belatedly, I had the chance to watch the Netflix original documentary series Making a Murderer
\u201cKeep the doors open,\u201d Kindertransport survivors warn.
This is a time of great peril and great opportunity.
People are taking to social media to spread love in defiance of hate, bigotry and injustice.
Long-time organizers give their best advice to people new to activism.
I got out of my Trump dumps by joining angry citizens from all walks of life taking political action together.
No form of female genital mutilation is OK.
Solidarity involves power-sharing, which also means accepting exposure.
\I am alive. I am one of the lucky ones.\
Steve Mitchell likens his years of looking after his ailing wife and mother before they passed away to the experience of
\I feel like it\u2019s my duty to go out there.\
\It\u2019s easy to put people in boxes. There\u2019s us and there\u2019s them.\
The ACLU isn't the only organization doing important work.

He told us what he would do, and now he's doing it.
Excess candy doesn't go where you might expect.
Current recycling methods are falling short.
No matter how dispirited anyone may be about problems facing the world, there is an opportunity to make a meaningful contribution.
It might not surprise you though.

The campaign has far exceeded its $10,000 goal.
Update

Most people begin every new year with a sense of hope and and excitement. With recent events throughout the world, I think

They're asking customers to pay full price for reduced-size dishes, then using the savings to help groups fighting hunger.
They take the trees to be recycled, and they'll even donate your old stuff to a homeless shelter.
Share, volunteer, and talk
\It's time men hold themselves accountable\

It's now been three months, and we've helped their family find part-time work, translating website copy from English to Arabic, and we learned that they celebrate Christmas and sent them warmth and love in the form of gifts and homemade Christmas cards.
Here are some of the many ways you can help nonprofit groups in your community.

It's almost too pretty to eat.
This isn\u2019t about demonizing an entire profession; it\u2019s about using my position in order to effectuate change.
Any amount of time you have, can help those so in need.
She sees it as being a place where someone will listen to you and not judge you, where someone will help you as you get back
For many faiths and traditions, the winter holidays are rooted in stories about miracles that generate hope and something
On December 15, surrounded by a handful of staff members at Austin Animal Center in Austin, Texas two-year-old shelter dog
By now, you have heard the pleas for help. A nurse in the ruined city hoped the world would hear his city\u2019s \u201cfinal scream
On January 21, 2017, women will march in Washington, D.C. All across our great nation, in cities and towns, women and men
I feel like people may get tired of hearing me prattle on and on about the system of injustice that seems so prevalent in
Today in America, it\u2019s no secret that our nation\u2019s prisons and jails suffer from overcrowding, as well as a lack of job training
#6 - Save that wrapping paper!
The disease, sleeping sickness, causes hallucinations, insanity and death if left untreated.
Earlier this month, a Texas judge blocked a federal rule that would have granted overtime pay to employees earning less than
16. Bracelets by Wanderer When you browse Wanderer\u2019s website, it\u2019s obvious that the most popular item (based on reviews) is
\u201cScreaming Hot Cheetos and Takis / Boy, you better eat your broccoli.\u201d
Touch\u00e9, touch\u00e9.
And it has nothing to do with great cheese.
Enter your salary on this website to see what it's like for people in poverty to buy milk.
The unusual topic of conversation seems to follow me.  At business meetings, dinner parties, and coffee dates, people keep talking to me about their childhood abuse.
This time leading up to December 14th, specifically the weeks after Thanksgiving, is always a bit harder than every other day. I have found over the past 3 years, 11 months and 17 days that when something horrible happens in your life it becomes wholly a part of you.
By Helen Clark & Michel Sidib\u00e9 Clark and Sidib\u00e9 explain how the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS delivers results through strategic
Like many of our friends, my husband and I began looking at possible countries for relocation as last month\u2019s presidential
The illnesses it combats affect the world's poorest people.
One of the biggest problems I noticed during the election was the refusal of people on the left to take the views of Trump
Looking around your town or city, how many people would you estimate are disabled? We asked this question to ourselves and
Taking some or all of these steps allows you to have a real-world, positive impact on these issues and for their advocates.
Fox's Jesse Watters does Chinatown. Scarlett Johansson plays anime. So far, 2016 has been enough to make Asian-Americans cringe.
Warning
Edge himself is profoundly committed to the project. PTB ventures, a company he cofounded with David Fields, has invested in GovCoin, a blockchain app that the UK government is trialling for welfare claimants.
When I was in college, I heard John Logan read \Poem, Slow to Come, on the Death of Cummings,\ an elegy that recounts Logan's grief over the death of his mentor, E. E. Cummings. In the poem, in verses of great musicality, Logan works through his sadness by remembering moments he shared with Cummings, by celebrating his mentor's profound influence as an artist and teacher.

By Nicole L. Cicogna Nearly three years ago, I made a very difficult life decision to walk away from a pending wedding.\u00a0 I
By Jane L. Wilton For many Americans, the holiday season is a good time to give to charity. After this year\u2019s especially
Sleeping sickness has plagued Africa for centuries. There's finally a chance to stamp it out.
Neglected tropical diseases affect over a billion people. But you can play a part in stopping them.
One of the ultimate injustices of climate change is that those who have contributed to it the least are those most vulnerable
New Yorkers signed up to accompany anyone being harassed on their commutes.
One of the biggest struggles I have when I am talking to our brave sisters in loss about Madison's Closet\u00a0is convincing them
The show, titled \Mogadishu, Minnesota,\ has caused tension in Minneapolis.
\From the day you're born, especially as a female, you\u2019re groomed to be a victim.\
Voices of Refugees is a collaborative project that aims to share individual stories and perspectives from refugees and displaced
\If he wins a lot of people are going to feel emboldened to do whatever they want to. That\u2019s scary.\
Buy something new, give back something old. Simple as that.
\u201cA large part of success is not quitting. It\u2019s that simple.\
This type of stereotyping might be due to a lack of a \u201cpan-Asian\u201d identity.
\u201cThey\u2019re so much more than their cancer.\
\There are mistakes being made.\
They\u2019re raising awareness about the massive problem of food waste.
\u201cThe key message here is
We talk to many girls and young women who are fed up by the narrow choices of Halloween costumes for girls and women. As
Authored by Vanessa Yemanja Chesnut, an undergraduate at New York University who is spending a year abroad in Buenos Aires


Why your Pocahottie costume is perpetuating negative stereotypes.
Stand with Latinos, women, refugees and others. #CantTrumpUs
Called the Sexual Assault Survivors\u2019 Rights the bill is also being referred to as the victims Bill of Rights. In short, the
1.2 billion people around the world suffer from food insecurity. That\u2019s one sixth of the world\u2019s population. This is a staggering
Volunteers hand out up to 250 meals a night, five nights a week.
\u201cGender equality is not an issue faced by just half of the population, but by all.\u201d
The British actress visited Malawi to address the issue ahead of International Day of the Girl.
I ditched almost everything I owned to travel the world -- and it wasn't that hard.
His experience isn't uncommon.
\u201cIt\u2019s easier to ignore a problem when there is little evidence of how deeply it affects people.\
\u201dWhy put off until tomorrow what you can do today?\u201d I can think of at least a hundred reasons right now\u2015 all of which sound
Doing these chores often means giving up opportunities to learn, grow and just enjoy childhood.
Rob and Paul Forkan were vacationing in Sri Lanka with their family for Christmas when the Indian Ocean tsunami struck.
Even though poverty is declining worldwide.
I have two daughters, the oldest is 19 and starting her junior year in college, the younger is 17 and is just starting her
When to Jump, an independent media partner of The Huffington Post, is a curated community featuring the ideas and stories
If you happen to believe the saying, \u201cyou are what you eat,\u201d then some might find it refreshing to think of themselves as

She also wants to expand AmeriCorps and the Peace Corps.
But government officials say the problem could have been much worse.
The new law raises the maximum sentence from two years to seven.
Rates are dropping, but they're still \far too high.\
They face devastating health issues and society often treats survivors like \villains.\
\u201cThey just want us to go far away.\
I don't miss a thing I tossed, but I do worry about where all that crap went.
The industry often doesn't invest in medications and vaccines for people who can\u2019t afford to pay high prices.
When to Jump, an independent media partner of The Huffington Post, is a curated community featuring the ideas and stories
Preach.
It makes a BIG difference.
The plan includes creating a bioscience research center,  developing a chip to diagnose diseases and ways to monitor the bloodstream continuously.
Rude!
In the U.S., 513,000 women and girls live at risk of FGM.

Our biggest, overlooked champion is stepping into the ring.
There is not a day that passes without missing my daughter Angela. When Angela\u2019s depression did not overwhelm her, she was

Only a concerted international approach guided by the principles of solidarity, human rights and respect can deliver a durable solution  Failure to rise to the challenge will only exacerbate the plethora of refugee crises the world faces today which in turn will further worsen global stability.
Why did UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon travel to Los Angeles last month to pitch the Sustainable Development Goals to a roomful of entertainment industry writers and producers?
Fix those leaky pipes!
This could be one solution for the city's large number of homeless.
But there are still too many people who don't know what social entrepreneurs do, which make raising funds difficult.
Nearly 80% of all refugee adolescents are out of school.
Advice on whether to sit or stand at work has been as hard to follow as the back-and-forth in a presidential debate.
There is a connected-ness in all humanity.
They're serving as heads of households and the main breadwinners.


Just 4% of peacekeepers in 16 missions globally were women.
For me, cancer is personal; given the statistics, it\u2019s likely to be personal for all of us.
Did yours make the cut?
His mother asked supporters to light a candle, giggle and hold hands, among other simple requests.
Aid for education needs to increase six-fold to bring quality universal education to all by 2030.
There are many words in our language.\u00a0\u00a0 Some are words that make you feel warm inside and bring tears of joy to your eyes
The annals of aviation are replete with near-miraculous stories of survival. There is, of course, Capt. Chesley Sullenberger
Brb, booking a last-minute vacay.
Men pay less to have sex with \inexperienced\ girls.
The impact of HIV on the lives of black gay men, must not be seen as a failure to access and navigate healthcare institutions
This year the parents of nearly 16,000 children in the United States will hear these devastating words
Stop idling your engines.
They help homeless people, underserved children and others.
Investing in family planning is one key element to reducing poverty, experts say.
A crisis fund was launched in May to increase funding for children missing out on school due to war and natural disasters.
Displaced people need food and shelter on their journeys \u2015 but they also need to stay connected.
When to Jump, an independent media partner of The Huffington Post, is a curated community featuring the ideas and stories
\It's not just a game for me. It's my life.\
The program guarantees them a local market and has helped to expand formal land rights.
As I reported Saturday, the managers of the world\u2019s most beloved ocean places are meeting in the Galapagos this week to chart
This is pure gold.
Did you know that September 2 is \u2018Bring Your Manners To Work Day\u2019? Yep it\u2019s a thing \u2013 like \u2018national children\u2019s day\u2019 \u2013 which
Food waste is a simple issue to get behind.

For the past 4 months across 5 countries, our team has held community meetings, worked the phones, had countless conversations, and traveled miles to find and support young environmental heroes. And the news is good!
But there's plenty you can do to help.
Supporters say it could help prevent overdose deaths, HIV and hepatitis C transmissions and keep used needles off the streets.
At least 267 people have died after a 6.2 magnitude quake struck central Italy.
\u201cWe dedicate all our free time to training, often to the detriment of our families.\
Nonprofit Happy Period has doled out about 6,000 menstrual hygiene kits since it launched last year.
\I don\u2019t have many skills, so I use food to give back.\
The city housed 682 veterans in two years.
New proposed regulations would ensure transgender people can stay in shelters matching their gender identity.
This marks the first cash infusion into the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.
It's about time, U.N.
These are the types of stories and images that are so horrifying, we almost mindlessly consume them.\nBut, then what?
But you can help!
This \hygiene bank\ collects feminine hygiene products the way a food bank collects food.
Italian-style couscous with saut\u00e9ed beef and panzanella? Yes, please.
Health officials expect to vaccinate 14 million people over the next 10 days.
It's really that simple.
\Anyone who survived Hurricane Katrina can understand the sense of loss our neighbors are experiencing right now.\
I\u2019m autistic, and I\u2019m nothing like Rain Man.
Clem Dowler\u2019s Extraordinary Journey Fighting Alongside the Office of Strategic Services in Occupied France
The Queensland Government, last week announced that it would remove discrimination to allow same sex couples to adopt. This
The service helps users navigate complicated housing applications.
\u201cAll I need is that one shot and I\u2019m not going to mess it up.\u201d
The issue has received increasing attention in recent years with exposes in sectors as diverse as fishing, mining and textiles.
There are 65 million people displaced worldwide, and all of them are worthy of attention and support.
If a veteran becomes homeless, he\u2019ll get temporary housing within 30 days and permanent housing within three months.
\u201cThis is more than just a medal, it\u2019s a victory for poor people. It\u2019s hope for all of them.\u201d
How breastfeeding is linked to clean water and energy conservation -- and can help save lives.
Nearly 800 million people are hungry, yet about 40% of food goes uneaten.

The world will have to 'dramatically' change course to end malnutrition.
Doctors Without Borders is petitioning Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline to lower the prices on the shots.
Every time it's laundry o'clock, use cold water.
Health experts hope the program will improve the overall health of women and children.
This comes just days after the first cases of locally transmitted Zika in the U.S. were confirmed in the city.
Government leaders are urging donors to deliver on pledges to provide schooling for refugees in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan.
Airlines often have to throw out meals if the flight is delayed.
\u201cNature doesn\u2019t grow everything perfectly,\ he says.
Every time a customer purchases one of these kits, one will be sent to a refugee in need.
Domestic violence victims rarely seek justice due to social pressure and little faith in the judicial system.
However, it's challenging to scale up the model in poor countries.
The number of homeless family members dropped by 5 percent over the last year, however.
\Refugees are just looking to live their lives as normally as possible.\
Concern is mostly in underserved areas where babies are at a higher risk for life-threatening diseases.
More than 300,000 people live there.
Youth homelessness is on the rise in Los Angeles.
You can have more of an impact than you think.
Awareness is just the first step.
When the world seems full of darkness, acknowledging the points of light is even more important.
They call it the \City of Brotherly Love\ for a reason.
Many teens think you contract HIV by using an infected person\u2019s eating utensils and kissing with tongues.

Moving video recreates treacherous experience of a boy journeying from Syria to Europe.
Dozens of formerly homeless men protested the sale of the dangerous and unpredictable drug.
They're looking out for suspicious activity and tourists posing as homeless people.
The report, however, comes amid a recent spate of gruesome attacks against homeless people.
Buffett makes a large donation every year as part of a plan to give away nearly his entire fortune.
The fundraisers will help support the surviving family members of the three deceased officers.
I am the grandchild of an officer killed in the line of duty. I have attended numerous events and memorials in my life where

The UN has pledged to pay special attention to girls who face the greatest disadvantage.
\It's the least we can do.\
At least 84 people were killed after a truck crashed into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day.
Put that obsession to good use.
But cultural traditions must also change to fully end the practice, activists say.
Organic waste makes up about 30 percent of what\u2019s dumped into landfills
The activist visited the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya to speak out for girls' education rights.
The \power of prevention\ needs to be realized, UNAIDS has urged.
Polio could be eradicated worldwide by next year
\u201cIt\u2019s clear that our dollars \u2026 are sometimes the loudest way to make our voices heard.\u201d
South Africa has the world\u2019s largest population of people living with HIV, at 6.8 million.
After the last 48 hours, one thing is clear. We can\u2019t leave this up to black people. We\u2019ve got to do our part. And I\u2019m seeing
We can let what we've seen happen in this world especially this week make us feel angry, hateful, or resentful. Or, we can turn these tragedies into opportunities to create more peace and healing in this world.
The \Invisible Food\ initiative plans to set up a truck that serves food cooked with ingredients that would have otherwise been discarded.
The goal is to build bridges with \trading partners of the future.\
\u201cI think I speak for every single American when I say that we are horrified.\u201d
It's focusing on supporting women farmers who in some regions make up the majority of those who grow food.
\u201cTheir legacy is a triumph over the forces of evil that very nearly erased them from the face of the earth more than 70 years ago.\u201d
She's the queen for a reason.
\People need to realize that refugees are here, around us, and they\u2019re people just like us, trying to build a life.\u201d
Massimo Bottura is on a quest to address waste and hunger in cities across the world.
They'll get a return on their investments if targets are achieved.
When I read \Night\, I read it as a Jew and as a person. I recommend it as both.
\u201cI\u2019m sorry, okay?!\u201d does not work.
Unless you're 88 years old, most of us have not lived in a world without Elie Wiesel.
Many American\u2019s are hungry,  but the nation is not short on food.

To the funders, stakeholders, and policy makers, I urge you to revert your attention back home. Focus on the number of lives we are losing each year to AIDS and other preventable reproductive health issues.
One seemingly mythic fact is surprisingly true
Here's what you can do.
They won the World Food Prize for breeding critical vitamins into the vegetable.
\Every year I run into a family sleeping in a park, or in the woods. They\u2019ve all complained about bug bites, and now with Zika, the risk is even higher.\u201d
\I am sitting here now as the U.S. first lady, talking to you, because of my education.\
Investing in education is key to improving the wellbeing of underserved children.
Activists are petitioning against the approach, calling it a \highly regressive step.\u201d
On May 27th, a person yet to be identified spray painted graffiti across a 100-feet wide swath of a wall in the city of Venice, CA.\u00a0 Graffiti like this is not an uncommon occurrence in Los Angeles, or any U.S. city.


Do you have an idea? Something that you keep thinking about and talk to your friends about on the weekends, but haven't done anything with? Most people do.
Sadiq Khan shared a powerful call for inclusion after the Brexit vote.

Friday morning we all woke up to a world that had literally changed over night. Having arrived in Copenhagen from my home in Los Angeles the night before, and suffering from jet lag, I closely followed the election into the early morning.
Oxfam Great Britain got 39 million British Pounds from the EU in 2014.
\We must not falter in our commitment to helping vulnerable children wherever they may be.\
That's fly.
It's part of the force's increasing efforts to stop criminalizing homelessness.
\u201cOne of the big credit card companies asks
The group was initially going to give the money to a number of nonprofits.
\u201cI\u2019m celebrating my 30th birthday today, not with my friends toasting over champagne or dancing until dawn, but with 30 women I\u2019ve just met in Ethiopia.\
The U.S. lags behind most other developed nations when it comes to voting.
It will involve a 1 percent tax hike for millionaires.
\u201cIf you give people the opportunity to connect with each other and work together, it\u2019s a lot more effective.\u201d
However, victims of sexual assault who are 'visibly' pregnant still not allowed in classroom.

Smartphones are also critical for refugees trying to map their journeys.
It's the first big investment for The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.
More Americans donate than vote.
\As long as you\u2019re a veteran you have friends and family everywhere and you\u2019re never alone.\
Seth Moulton spoke out following the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.
The actress is going to focus on promoting affordable childcare services and shared parental leave.
Users can monitor sections of the sea route on their phone, and alert authorities if they spot trouble.
A crash that killed five cyclists in Michigan has activists calling for streets that are safe for everyone.
It will address their short- and long-term needs.
Hail the queen.
The money will benefit Glide, a charity that supports people who are homeless, poor or struggling with substance abuse.
\u201cWe are heartbroken by this tragedy.\
This is who we are in the face of tragedy.
The food industry's effort to develop healthier products eventually affects what's in our refrigerators -- not only for those who find it easy to live healthy, but also for those who struggle in doing so. I am sure we will see results in the years ahead.
Women have inferior social status to men, occupying the lowest paid and most insecure positions requiring the least skill. Women are given less educational opportunities than men in the same society, reflected in lower literacy rates for adult female populations compared to male. But still they are feeding the world.
\u201cI try to show them that they can have much more than this, that they don\u2019t have to limit themselves.\
Tents, sleeping bags, gently used clothing, an alarm clock. Those are just some of the items that people experiencing homelessness
A state bill, however, prevented lawmakers from passing more comprehensive legislation.
On the morning of their wedding, Omar and Betty shared a breakfast of egg McMuffins at a small McDonald\u2019s table, dressed
\I believed in myself and I believe in the goodness of others.\
This critical issue is not one of race, nationality, religion or politics but of humanity. It is a call to step out of our comfort zones, to look past our first world problems and to use our first world privilege to serve our fellow brothers and sisters.
Margaret Cho and Awkwafina brew up some truth in 'Green Tea.'
\Anyone who cares about this community wants to make sure the identity there remains strong.\u201d
It's safe to say things started looking up.
\u201cSolving society\u2019s most pressing problems isn\u2019t easy, but we believe it can be done.\u201d
This comes after the city missed its deadline to end the issue.
I was in a restaurant recently. It was a cafeteria style, where you basically go down a line with people serving you from behind a glass partition, and the customer explains what he or she wants. T
While not all of us will serve our country like our veteran community, all of us can participate in civilian service as a way to strengthen our communities and country while gaining a better understanding of and appreciation for our country's ideals.
It is one thing for a group of anti-immigrant zealots to threaten teens and young adults to foist their agenda on the country.  It is wholly something else for a federal judge to do so.\nUnless he is stopped, the madness of Judge Hanen will lead to tragic results.
There's nothing really that special about these letters to my dad - and that's their value. They are the typical sentiments of American dogfaces in Europe in World War II. Men who saw the destruction of Germany and the deaths of their friends. They had no illusions about war, and they didn't spout patriotic platitudes.

Bob Carr and Tony Robbins are both highly successful individuals, but this is not all they share in common
The popularity of the Winn-Dixie chain of stores has remained for nearly a hundred years - a difficult feat to accomplish in the face of competition such as Wal-Mart.
Matias Ferreira is proof that with the right kind of help, veterans can adjust back to civilian life.
The space used to be \very fragmented.\
That's the kind of world we want to live in.
They've donated 7 million meals so far.
\You can't always make up for the things that you did. But you can attempt to make the world better.\
It would result in 2.4 million fewer unsafe abortions a year.
A critical move as pay phones disappear in the second largest region for trafficking.
The actress will be a visiting professor at the London School of Economics

By protecting the right to sexual and reproductive health, we will better ensure accountability to affected populations, address the special needs of women and adolescent girls, and contribute to their empowerment and participation in decision-making.
The ability to make and receive payments electronically has emerged, in recent years, as a technology hero during natural disasters and health pandemics. At a time when more people than ever are affected by conflict and crisis, there is good news.
More funding is needed to help people in crises, caused by conflicts and natural disasters.
As women have to walk further to fetch water, kidnappings and rapes increase.
The group wants to see more of a focus on gaps in humanitarian aid.
The money would help pay for housing and other services for homeless people.
The Gates Foundation has committed $80 million to gathering robust and reliable data.
\u201cThere\u2019s great concern that we won\u2019t be able to feed everybody in the coming years.\u201d
\If you want to gain their hearts, you dance, you talk, you ask them questions.\
\If men said no to FGM, trust me, families wouldn't get their girls cut.\
\u201cWe are all fed up.\u201d
The idea all Asians do well in school is a dangerous stereotype.
There are no accurate figures, but many women and children are sold into child marriage or bonded labor.
Yum.
For his birthday, local waste collectors gave Eduardo de Campos the chance to fulfill his goal.
Over the past 15 years though,  the number of people newly infected by HIV each year has dropped to 2 million from 3.1 million.

On a positive note, veteran homelessness fell by 30 percent.
Amazon will provide 10,000 people with training in cloud computing skills.
Don't do this for the Insta, OK?
\u201cHow do you advance justice without getting distracted by hatred? Meditation.\u201d
It\u2019s the time of year when the nation\u2019s college students are packing up their wardrobes for the summer\u2014and when the rest
It's Teacher Appreciation Week, folks
\To address social problems, technology is not just nice to have, it is necessary.\
The Education Cannot Wait fund hopes to reach 75 million children by 2030.
\We cannot believe that we found each other.\
A Navajo family living on a New Mexico reservation benefited from the sales.
It's the largest city in the Western Hemisphere to adopt such a far-reaching plan.
Girls and boys have been telling us for decades that American culture is to blame as to why we are seeing such high rates of suicide in the U.S.
When I signed on to Facebook this morning, it informed me that today was the Day of the Child. If we are going to give genuine and heartfelt tributes to children, how do we best go about doing that?
Charities are getting a boost.
The documentary \u201cCity of Trees\u201d follows an organization that connects park revitalization and green job training for residents shut out of the workforce.
Nine-year-old Tristan Jacobson raised more than $7,000.
\u201cA kid shouldn\u2019t suffer the same sentence that their parents are suffering.\u201d
Across the globe, 3.2 billion people are at risk of malaria.
The lines were stark outside the courthouse. A bustling street in downtown Brooklyn, N.Y., separated two groups. Each was


But some question where the money will come from.
\u201cMental health care is not a privilege for the rich. It is a right.\
Instead of getting a fine they'll never be able to afford, they fulfill community service hours.
Cops often fail to distinguish between contaminated property and that which is essential for homeless people to survive.


The decision came after the company was criticized for contributing to the homeless crisis.
Because it's an election year, some people are redirecting funds to political campaigns.
The gesture was in response to the controversial House Bill 2, also known as the \Bathroom Bill.\
A small army feeds the state\u2019s billion-dollar recycling industry.
Pakistan and Afghanistan are the last two countries where polio currently remains endemic.
\We know the status quo has not been working...Today begins a new approach.\
Each year, Paul Franklin needs a doctor's note confirming his injury in order to get benefits.
The Institute aims to ensure members can easily share research discoveries and tools.
The institution affects nearly 1 in 2 girls in the African nation.
The length of a poor person\u2019s life in the U.S. is heavily determined by their zip code.
\u201cThat\u2019s not too much to ask.\
It's in honor of a pretty big milestone the company reached.
These drones are faster than any other mode of transport.
Residents are expected to do the jobs that keep the community running smoothly.
He plans on donating 500,000 pounds of food in the first year.
\u201cI\u2019m hoping we won\u2019t be so willing to label people in need as other.\u201d
The figures are pretty astounding.
U.K. home secretary is urging police to take action.
Since the project started in 2014, more than 300 girls have gone back to school.
It could bring in $16.7 million annually.
\Through washing and drying clothes, we\u2019re able to restore respect and dignity for people who are homeless.\
Scary stuff.
A trained rat can screen 100 samples in 20 minutes.
These groups are working to protect the rights of children affected by major sporting events.
It drives home just how vulnerable the youngest victims are.
\Girls and women of color are experts on their own lives -- our role is to listen to them.\

Observed from April 10-16, National Volunteer Week recognizes those who are impacting their communities through service and encourages more people to get involved in volunteering.
The school's motto
The patients go on to lead full lives and become productive members of society.
Ninety five percent of girls there undergo the procedure.
\It cannot just be women who speak up for girls.\
\u201cThese items are as essential as toilet paper, helping us prevent health risks and fulfill our daily activities uninterrupted.\u201d
\u201cNobody should go to bed hungry. It\u2019s not OK.\u201d
Half the world's workers are employed in industries heavily dependent on water.
Over the past five seasons of Game of Thrones, Cersei Lannister has become well known\u2014and feared\u2014for her ruthless, cruel
Here's how we can stop it.
While Attention Deficit Disorder is a highly over-diagnosed disease, no one had heard of it when I was diagnosed back in 1989 but the Ritalin did really help me pay attention in situations where I lacked a maturity to pull it off on my own, especially school. However, I noticed that years later, I continued to take the drug when going out for fun.
\I want our society to give space for women to be whoever they want to be. This is why I decided to become a lawyer.\
\Out-of-school children are at greater risk of being coerced or exploited by extremists, traffickers and criminals.\
\I know my mother is struggling to pay the bills, I don\u2019t feel comfortable asking her for pads also.\
Palestinian teacher Hanan Al Hroub won the \Nobel Prize for Teaching\ on Sunday.
\u201cWe have no budget for anything.\u201d
The nonprofit stepped in to provide an oasis for the children.
This small-town educator is fiercely dedicated to her students.
\This is part of the entrenched undervaluing of women's work.\

Advocates say we need a lot more affordable housing, and soon.
In January, 8-year-old Estie Kung went to four countries in two weeks to promote \Man vs. Child
The restaurant-style Kansas City Community Kitchen is a completely new way to feed those in need.
Lady Gaga invited dozens of survivors of sexual abuse to stand in solidarity onstage with her at the Oscars on Sunday night
We all can learn from each other if someone is willing to open that door enough for us to push our way through. Some of us may need more help than others, but that's what open hearts and minds are for. That's what creates real change, and it's why we need to \practice what we preach.\
The ocean has long fascinated us humans. As land creatures, we imagine that anything could be lurking in its mysterious depths

It wants to help nonprofits raise more than just \likes.\
The technology aims to makes life easier and provide better security for refugees living in Jordan.
\Governments are responding with available resources, but this is an unprecedented situation.\
Food. It's easy to love. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. Brunch. Linner. I'll take them all.
Whatever your political affiliation, this is one issue we can all get behind.
This street art has a purpose and a message.
Last Thursday, the California Department of Public Health approved the first ever needle exchange in Orange County. Orange County has long opposed needle exchanges, despite decades of evidence demonstrating that these programs save lives and prevent the spread of infectious disease.
Remember to donate only gently-used items. No one wants your old drawers.
Hint
Love FTW.
A customizable Lego prosthetic arm for children has been awarded the grand prize at Netexplo, a digital innovation summit in Paris.
The nuns' landlord reportedly raised their monthly rent by 58 percent.
\u201cBehind our rough exteriors as New Yorkers beat hearts of gold.\u201d
\People understand this need, and they understand the danger to your children, and they just give.\
\We suspect that some millennials...may feel a much greater affinity for supporting researchers from their ranks.\
These spots were about more than materialism.
The company poured the equivalent of 4.2 million gallons of water down the drain -- to tell you not to waste water.
\u201cPerhaps one of the most important results of this effort is the commitment to continue this work together after the Super Bowl.\u201d
Shutting down camps and handing out tickets is not the answer.
\u201cThere are a zillion Flint, Michigans out there. If there had been a \u2018spotlight\u2019 put on that, I argue they may have been a little ahead of the situation.\u201d
I had higher levels of concentration and productivity. I also most likely annoyed my coworkers.
\They need people like me at the round table. Otherwise, it's just people on the outside looking in.\
\You have to appreciate who you are in order to really have a deep appreciation for other cultures and other beings.\
Big names and local organizations are all pitching in.
\There's still incredible impediments for women to be able to reach their potential.\
Donate Money There are a number of organizations working every day for homeless New Yorkers who can benefit from your donation
\u201cEvery one of these people has been touched in one way or another.\
\The best advice I have for parents is to give your child space. Treat her like a full person right from the beginning.\
With humans preparing for the impending storm, many zoo residents are in for a treat.
\Raising as much money as possible for those affected by this terrible crisis.\
\I never thought all these people would think about little old Flint.\

Vegan restaurants in Los Angeles are fairly easy to come by.  From swanky to casual, raw food to junk food, plant-based eaters can find a variety of options throughout the city.
DC school leaders point to the large achievement gap in its schools between boys of color and other students, including females of color.
During a time of great concern and unrest in our communities, country, and world, celebrating Rev. King's birthday brings me joy and hope. The fact that his birthday is a nationally recognized holiday makes me both proud and optimistic.
Vikas Khanna calls it his \very humble\ thank you.
Parents shouldn't have to choose between their children and their finances.
\Victory for conservation\
\Homeless but not hopeless.\
The company model applies to everything including clothing, furniture, cosmetics and hardwares.
Salvation Army's Human Needs Index tracks signs of poverty in America.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) \u2014 A foundation run by the heirs of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton said Thursday it will spend $1 billion
City workers placed 97 people living on city streets in shelters and hospitals, which is pretty standard.
Many experts oppose Gov. Cuomo's order to usher homeless people into shelters.
The executive order takes effect on Tuesday.
Here in Kabul, last week, at the Afghan Peace Volunteer (APV) community home that hosts me, I watched Abdulhai and visiting activist Aaron Hughes work out ways to secure the greenhouse which they had partially assembled that morning.
You realize you can't allow your self-proclaimed busy-ness to distract you. All are good practice but it's not as if you haven't tried them in the past. Is it possible you need a higher-level overhaul of the way you're approaching your goals? Let's try something different this year.
The top do-gooder celebs!
A person who engages in female mutilation could face up to three years in prison or a fine of 50,000 dalasi ($1,250).
\I want to have a job, I want to work...because now this is my country and this is my people.\
From improved Internet access to gay marriage rights, 2015 marked lots of steps in the right direction.
It has the largest rate of homeless people per capita of any state in the nation.
Jennifer Barker is the Chief Executive Officer and Co\u00adfounder of Per Diems Against Poverty, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that was founded in 2015 to reallocate donated per diems, or meal allowances, to provide food for Americans struggling with poverty and food insecurity.
The Pollination Project makes micro grants every day of the year to social changemakers who have a plan and a project to help create a more kind, compassionate, peaceful and sustainable world.
For the past month I have been volunteering weekly at the local homeless shelter in my hometown of Ashland, Oregon.\u00a0It wouldn't have been anything that my conscious personality would have chosen.
At a time when the headlines are dominated by stories of extremism and xenophobia, from Daesh terrorists to Donald Trump, we are reminded of stories that show us that wisdom, compassion, and courage cannot be extinguished.
An Idaho lunch lady who said she was fired for giving a free meal to a hungry student lacking money to pay is now being offered
But Dalene Bowden doesn't know if she should go back to the lunchroom.
There is no alternative to peace in Syria. That is the best route to defeating ISIS. Let's make a beginning with a nationwide ceasefire.  It's time for Syrians to settle differences at the negotiating table, rather than on the battlefield.
These interviews are yours to read and enjoy over time and they are here to be shared. My secret hope is that in doing so you may be encouraged or lulled into gifting all of us what comes easily to you. In many ways, I'm beginning to think it's the thing we all need most today. Thank you for another great year of reading and passing them on.
Eight-year-old Sofia started packing her bags after hearing Donald Trump's call to ban Muslims.
\u201cI feel that having a home protects each of us. That\u2019s the gift.\u201d
We're spotlighting stories and ways to help families who might go without this holiday.
Be thoughtful in your charity.
At Christmas this year, Gigi will be home with her new family, and all 11 of the kids will open their presents together.
After losing her job, Elizabeth Garcia didn't know how she'd afford Christmas this year.
They'll try to engage with about 4,000 homeless people on the streets every day.
\u201cWe serve people who depend on access to AIDS meds every day, and as an organization I don\u2019t think we can keep this money.\
Many of the animals at the Iqaluit Humane Society are currently flown to Ottawa on free flights.
It may actually come across as not all that thoughtful, a new study concluded.
Brandon Yarnovich's grandma adopted him after both his parents were shot and killed.
The sweeping measures were launched in response to mounting criticism about the escalating issue.
\I suppose for any one of us this might be our last supper.\
For students attending troubled high schools in depressed cities, there\u2019s a huge disconnect between what schools teach and
Aaand cue ugly crying face.
Do you know where the items you buy come from?\u00a0 That, alongside such factors as carbon footprint and animal rights, comprise
Experts say it saves thousands of dollars a year in shelter, hospital and jail costs.
Champions in Nigeria are working together to save the lives of mothers, children and young women through innovative advocacy and leadership development.
LaNia Roberts, a sophomore at Syracuse University, talked how loving yourself could lead to less fear and less hate on HuffPost
At the conclusion of the pilot program, just 6% of clients remained homeless.
The donor and a dozen police \elves\ from the Missouri Highway Patrol, FBI and Ferguson Police Department visited two thrift
A new analysis finds potentially transformative agricultural research isn\u2019t getting the level of funding it probably should.
Five people have found full-time employment since the program started in September.
Families who lose their homes often have to make a difficult decision, since many homeless shelters do not allow pets. Family
Just one month after Evan Leversage's town lit up in his honor, he passed away on Sunday after a five-year battle with brain
The Wonderbag is a portable cooker that is changing lives in Africa. The bag can retain heat for 8-10 hours,\u00a0allowing food
For both Arianna Huffington and Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick, it is a deeply personal cause.
See how you can help.
Seattle Seahawks head coach and co-founder of Win Forever Consulting Pete Carroll recently spoke with the Huffington Post
Millennials prefer to use their personal skills when giving to charity, according to a new report.
One blood bank was put on lockdown in the aftermath of the tragedy due to security concerns.
He wants to find long-term solutions, instead of rushing to pour money into an issue.
Donations may top more than $70 million.
This holiday season as you shop online and navigate your way through crowded stores, consider adding just one child to your list; just one child whose moment of happiness is just a click away.
Many citizens are enthusiastic about improving their communities and local governments are employing new technologies to take advantage of this resurgence in civic energy. Local level governments, providing an ever-growing share of public service delivery, are experimenting to engage and empower citizens.
While you might only think about going to your local homeless shelter or soup kitchen during Thanksgiving or on Christmas the people who are utilizing the programs offered by these organizations are in need well after your decorations are back in the attic and December 25th has come and gone.
Meat consumption is down after decades of growth, but the U.S. still eats more of it than any other country.
On Monday, November 30th, The Huffington Post is thrilled to showcase, in a special event, the new film from Oscar-winner
There is nothing to be gained from continued fighting in Syria. There won't be anything left in the country. For right now Syrians cannot even do the basics like growing food.
\u201cI understand them. I\u2019ve gone through it. I\u2019m still going through it.\
Hint
The housing will support domestic abuse victims, veterans, drug addicts and those living on the street.
Nearly 565,000 people were homeless on a single night in January.
\Jamal is at an age where, instead of kicking back, he's doing what might be the most important work of his life.\
The Facebook CEO and his wife recently gave $75 million to San Francisco General Hospital.
The city has housed 484 veterans since July 2014.
However. at least one app is harnessing the technology for donations.
Vietnam veteran Bill Warner and John Middaugh formed a bond that will truly last a lifetime. 47 years ago, these two young
\It seems to have to do with retribution, with dominance, with power -- a lot of the dynamics we typically see in rape.\
It's pretty simple.
How Census data is making the poverty rate look worse than it is.
The fund is raising money for the four kids who were waiting at home in costumes when the trooper arrived.
Although the tapir is one of the world's largest land mammals, the lives of these solitary, nocturnal creatures have remained
Homelessness is one of the most rampant \u2014 and, perhaps by extension, most overlooked \u2014 problems currently facing society
He wants people to know about the homelessness crisis children in South Florida face.
Last year, 76% of cities banned panhandling in some locations.
Get it, guys!
\Housing First\ gives homes to homeless individuals, with no strings attached.
The stigma is starting to fade.
They said they consider the opportunity a \privilege.\
Sam Tsemberis had a simple realization that started a revolution
Catching up with the author, mother and animal advocate.
It could mean a fairer system where more people in need get a roof over their heads.
The \heartwarming\ gesture was made possible through Heather Abbott's eponymous foundation.
The state saw a 23 percent increase in its homeless population between 2014 and 2015.
Post 9/11 veterans commit suicide more, are homeless more, and are jobless more than their civilian counterparts. Underscoring these bleak outcomes, top policy makers have noted that the \evidence appears to be that [serving in the military] is not an advantage.\
Julia Wise is a social worker and her husband, Jeff Kaufman, is a software engineer. In 2013, their combined income was just
As we all know, opportunity still isn't evenly distributed. Yet, even for those around the world with access to education, there are many who are paying for a false bill of goods.
As a paramedic that worked along the U.S.-Mexico border until 2010, my colleagues and I responded to a lot of\u00a0heroin and painkiller\u00a0overdoses.\u00a0Some of them we got to in time, while in others we got there too\u00a0late -- not to mention the many we never heard about.
Some of us are sick of the vilification of political adversarie. We can disagree with our adversaries, even passionately, without attributing sinister motives or magical powers to them.
The Hawaii camp was home to many who had lived there for years, despite sporadic sweeps.
Families' weekly $10-stipend can't cover sanitary pads.
Watch live as Joe Walsh, Steven Tyler, Sheryl Crow, The Fray, Jason Isbell, Aloe Blacc, John Rzeznik and more perform in
Addiction takes a terrible toll on families, on our health care system, on the economy and on the vitality of our youth. Currently we treat addiction like a moral failing, like an issue of personal responsibility rather than treating it like the disease it is.
The money will help pay for Chris Mintz's medical bills and his son's education.
\It\u2019s hard to lead others if you can\u2019t lead yourself first.\
The technology could help reduce the risk of flash flooding after a major storm.
\Raise our little girls with the stereotype that they can be the best in engineering and science and math.\
\At our worst, social justice culture is basically a rehash of high school.\
The money benefits an organization that provides childcare and education.
On Sunday, UN Headquarters will host the Solutions Summit\u00a0in New York City. This exciting gathering will showcase innovators
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 First Lady Michelle Obama introduced a new campaign focusing on education for girls around the world at the
Buying tampons and pads can be a serious burden for some students.
\The human suffering that occurs on Skid Row is astonishing -- it will literally take your breath away.\
Many homeless people say a cell phone is a lifeline.
\u201cYou don't ever leave a soldier behind.\u201d
Despite flashing some genuine promise in the last few weeks, the Red Sox will not be playing October baseball this season
Agencies have had to scale back on food and cash aid, making it increasingly difficult for refugees to survive.
Justin Guy not only changed the free speech laws, he also changed his life.
Twenty-one percent of all the waste in landfills is food.
Martin Richard was 8 years old when he was killed during the 2013 Boston Marathon attacks.
We know that globally, one in three women will be coerced into sex, beaten, or otherwise abused in her lifetime. In most cases, the perpetrator is someone she knows, such as her husband, boyfriend, or mother-in-law.
Jacqueline is an inspiration to anyone with a goal and the resilience to achieve it. A Cambodian refugee, a mother of two, a licensed esthetician, a music manager, a web show host, Jacqueline uniquely embodies the value of doing.
These groups are still honoring victims and helping families 14 years after the attacks.
Tall. Buff. Agile. That\u2019s how your standard gym rat would likely describe a perfect body. But at least one group of athletes
\A couple minutes into the shot, we realized no one was paying attention.\
A mattress company in Topeka, Kansas, is helping both its customers and employees rest easy at night. Memory Foam Liquidators
You choose to become even more aware of how each of us plays a very significant part. So you go about your day as usual, but you smile more intentionally, hold someone's hand a bit longer, and make choices that are a part of the solution, not the problem.

The essence of this special day is about acknowledging the strength, skill, persistence and even artistry demonstrated every time any job is done well. It's something we too readily forget in a world that seems to be more and more dominated by fame, fortune and reality television.
De Blasio admitted New York City has a homelessness problem. Some experts say there is an answer.
The aim is to also cut recidivism.
When she was a teen, Velasquez saw a commenter online labeled her \World's Ugliest Woman.\
\Running really is a metaphor for life.\
To help humanize the development of their project, the Cities Unlocked team commissioned the Helen Hamlyn Centre at the Royal College of Art to shadow eight people with sight loss as they planned and undertook walking journeys.
\A celebration would not be the right gesture for those who will never be made whole\
NOLA's search for silver linings.
Don't make people find the data -- make the data find the people.
Supporters hope the legacies of the late journalists will live on.
In a new episode of \If Our Bodies Could Talk\ published at TheAtlantic.com on Thursday, health columnist Dr. James Hamblin
The program is also saving the criminal justice system a great deal of money.
This new Facebook feature is hard not to like. The social network announced on Monday that all nonprofits can now add the
Rebecca Corry hopes a new tip line will help land more animal abusers behind bars.
A soon-to-be-launched online platform will provide a way for travelers to help support the countries they're visiting. Travita
Giving has always meant, to me, being able to give a gift or listen to someone by giving my time and energy. But I had no idea the path I would take -- as a result of one simple idea I had -- that would fundamentally change my outlook on life.
New Orleans native Burnell Cotlon has spent the last five years on a mission. He's turning a two-story building that was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 (along with most of his Lower 9th Ward neighborhood), into a shopping plaza.  Watch.
Donors also have to consider missing work, child care costs and whether their jobs will wait for them.
The Baldwin Promise has caused a surge in college enrollment numbers.
The numbers could have an enormous impact. But people will need to actually see them first.
Though rates are still high, they remain lower than a number of other major U.S. cities, including Washington, D.C. and New York City.
Dallas seems to have taken a cue from its neighbors in Houston\u00a0on how to effectively tackle, and put an end to, chronic homelessness
In the days following the worst rioting to befall Baltimore since the 1960s, advocates and politicians acknowledged the need
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 When Karen finally decided to leave a husband who had been abusing her for years, she found out that fleeing
LOS ANGELES (AP) \u2014 Johnny Depp didn't say a word as he stepped onto a small stage inside the Lucky Strike bowling alley
A day before the Greek government announced the referendum and four days before it imposed capital controls, the first-ever venture fair was held in Greece.
Organizations that help nonprofits understand where they can use more expertise and capacity, and then connecting them with that help, offer one key step towards solving the complex problems we face as a society.
\We're all put on this Earth to do something.\
Updated on Aug. 17, 2015 at 2 P.M. EST. One in six Americans doesn\u2019t know where he\u2019s going to get his next meal. But chances
The unique program has been called a \win\ for all involved.
Charles Scott is shopping for groceries at a Philadelphia food pantry, busily clicking away at a computer to select his choices
Re-building the lives of Utah's once-chronically homeless
VENARIA REALE, Italy (AP) -- Luca Remmert's dream of running a self-sustainable farm is within sight. He produces energy
It's a challenging endeavor to discuss \what's working\ with climate change. News outlets the world over are littered with stories of doom and gloom, of current calamities and human suffering.  A quick perusal of the summary of the most recent IPCC report lays out where we are and what that means.
There are a lot of experiences I can recall after my sixth year volunteering with Travelers Aid, but one of the most memorable is the infamous Virginia earthquake of August 23, 2011. Since we're approaching its fourth anniversary, I thought it would be enlightening to touch on the experiences I had that day.
My journey to self discovery mirrors the art of science itself-- full of curiosity, challenge, exploration, and awareness to reach a conclusion. Growing to accept my own identity has been a journey somehow inexplicably linked to embracing science.
I fell into a pot of boiling-hot water, immersed in it for nearly an hour -- alone and unsupervised. This traumatic event, literally scarred me for life. Physically for sure, but also emotionally and psychologically.
Imagine, for a second, your favorite public park. Now imagine that park as a temporary home to thousands of people fleeing war, violence and poverty.
It could help reduce annual greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 2,150 metric tons of CO2.
Laura lives with her husband and cat in a 120 square foot home in North Carolina. These are commonly called Tiny Homes, and it's more of a movement or a philosophy than a house size. It's about living lighter on the planet, living more simply so you can focus on what matters, and creating more personal freedom to be authentically you.
\I want to change, like to happiness and joy.\
There's help out there for homeless veterans. They just need to know where to find it.
This reality show drama is actually worth watching. Preparing to film its fifth season, Oxfam Tanzania\u2019s series about women
\u201cAround the world there is a tradition of oppressing women and treating them differently and not giving them the same opportunities
For most kids, summer is a time of year to look forward to. But that's not typically the case for the 23,000 children who
Uber still has a long way to go in order to make its transportation network fully accessible to New Yorkers in wheelchairs
NEW YORK (AP) -- Five days before he was to start college, Fred Maahs' world turned upside down. Off the Delaware coast in
THE time-honored way to speak of young people is with horror. They\u2019re wild, reckless, irresponsible, narcissistic, immoral
The staggering unemployment and poverty rates among people with disabilities is a reminder of how much work still needs to
Developing nations need trillions of dollars a year to tackle issues like food security, climate change risks and basic infrastructure
\I'm going to keep giving until I can't give any more.\
A partnership between advocates for the homeless, city outreach workers and a health center is helping mentally ill people
Two men were sitting in a parked car, waiting to pick someone up. Carlos Cervantes was in the driver\u2019s seat. He was 30, with
The Global Health Media Project has produced a cartoon video, The Story of Ebola. The video presents the Ebola virus in scientific, yet understandable terms for West African countries still facing the viral threat.
My daughter joined the Peace Corps last year, right after graduating from college in Florida, with an International Affairs degree. She wants to be a diplomat. After having trekked the World with me during her childhood, she was still dreaming of Africa.
Remember this time last year when everyone\u2019s congresswoman, favorite singer\u00a0and probably a distant cousin or 10 was dumping
Elon Musk is set to appear at the Googleplex next month, not to talk electric cars or space exploration but to address a
Atlanta (CNN) -\u00a0To raise awareness for ALS, Chris Kennedy poured a bucket of ice water over his head. A year ago Wednesday
The movement for gay marriage is one of the most successful issue campaigns of the last several decades, having convinced
By 2030, AIDS could be a thing of the past, a new UNAIDS report\u00a0has concluded Since 2000, the number of new HIV cases has
There is so much to say about the Aspen Ideas Festival, it's hard to know where to begin. It was the best yet! Congratulations Kitty Boone and Walter Isaacson and to their wonderful staff. The format is always fascinating.
All this talk about nail polish matching our shoes -- meanwhile there are children and adults who don't even have shoes.  I know that's an old and tired sentiment, but it's still true.  The clich\u00e9 does not take poverty away.
Is there a promising new drug or combination of drugs on the horizon? I asked Professor Nicholas Day, Director of the Mahidol Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Unit in Thailand.
There is no doubt we have come a long way in shifting our national, collective consciousness around this issue. But is the national conversation regarding criminal justice reform moving in the right direction?
Can I share something with you? Being a parent has been the second best thing I have ever done. The first, of course, was marrying my wife! To be sure, being a parent has made me a much better person, in so many ways.
A few weeks ago my wife, 12-year-old son and I traveled to Washington, D.C. to attend a family wedding. My wife recommended we go a few days early to show our son the different sites and memorials, so that's what we did.

On July 4, 1776, the United States declared independence from Britain and a vigorous new democracy was born. This year, we celebrate our 239th birthday, and our Founding Fathers are probably doing somersaults from the grave and sputtering in wonderment, \Who knew?\
As U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is meeting with his Iranian counterpart in Vienna, at some point, he might want to make a reference to an event that just took place at the State Department in Washington on July 1 -- the announcement of the 2015 World Food Prize laureate.
While I love his wish, I say let's take it a step further
In 2013, the family of a little boy named Miles, suffering from cancer, made a request to the Make-a-Wish Foundation. He wanted to be Batman. From that simple hope of a sick child, an entire social movement was born
This year marks a decade and a half since the international community committed to address the vast and complex problem of educating all of the world's primary school-aged children. It's a time to reassess the next steps in the global education movement.
On June 11, 2015 in a Politico, Human Rights First ran an ad supporting the McCain-Feinstein anti-torture amendment by at least 40 former high ranking US military brass, called \retired Generals and Admirals against torture.\
Here's another self-evident truth
Based on the evidence, it is difficult to maintain that we are successfully ending homelessness as a whole in the United States. The problem with claiming otherwise is that it feeds a false narrative -- that we can end homelessness without a massive increase in spending.


Legalizing same-sex marriage is a huge victory, but it is not the finish line of justice. Inequality takes many forms, and people are still waiting on their ability to live freely, safely, or, just to live.
I care about marriage equality. I care about it in part as an ally to my friends who are gay and deserve to be just as legally married as I am... and I care, to be honest, because I'm old fashioned. I care because I believe in marriage.
Being a Third Culture Kid -- someone who spent her developmental years outside her parents' home countries -- I never got the cultural coding that provides for a sense of nationalism or patriotism.
Multiple deadly attacks arose multiple questions and covered up all my mind all long this first weekend of summer.
As I walked along the beach hand in hand with my six year old daughter, we scanned the sand beneath our feet in search of interesting seashells.
What change does social network activism really evoke? There's no doubt that awareness is brought to these situations that need to be brought to light, but often that awareness substitutes action.
It can be hard to understand how seeking safety can first lead to danger. When victims choose to leave a domestic violence situation, they have made one of the most courageous choices imaginable. Few people realize just how dangerous the week victims choose to leave truly is.

Homelessness has increased over 25 percent in LA over the last four years.  And it's not just our city.
We have seen the devastation that racism can perpetrate when the hate embedded within it festers in silence at the margins of our society. But where does this sort of racism come from? I don't know that I have the answer, but I do have a particular, firsthand experience that may give some insight into the question.



The political will and financing to ensure that education is prioritized alongside other life-saving and rebuilding interventions is clearly and starkly missing.
We want to hear more positive football stories because they restore our faith in humanity (and maybe in the NFL). However, these particular stories also reveal a very serious problem.  How is our medical system missing these potentially-fatal heart conditions in our young athletes?
Liter of Light is the latest project launched by the MyShelter Foundation, an organization dedicated to bringing low-cost, innovative green technology to rural communities with limited resources.
More than 59 million people are currently displaced from their homes due to conflict, war, and disaster. They leave home with few possessions, and often, in fear of their lives.
The scientific approach to problem solving has its roots in critical and analytical thinking, teamwork, and creativity. I am an advocate for training students so they can apply their scientific training to any academic major or career path.
Last week, we launched the GlobalMindED movement with four hundred leaders from business, education, non-profit organizations, and foundations who came from seven countries around the world.
Champions for Change (C4C) is pleased to continue our 'Meet the Champions' Series. This bi-monthly blog series highlights the work of 24 Nigerian leaders currently participating as C4C champions.
One of the lasting inequities of gentrification is the increasing unaffordability of urban centers.
On Thursday evening I walked into a writing class I was teaching for the first time. Fourteen eloquent writers of color were gathered together and waiting for me. I wondered what I could possibly teach them at this particular moment when I felt broken myself.
I have never been happier in my life, and I want to tell you why, because it's about you.
As fathers, it is our duty to explain even the most difficult issues to our children. This Father's Day, let's focus on HIV.
Beth Barr and I spoke on the phone today; perhaps the first time ever.  We tried to trace back how we first met because it feels as if I have known Beth forever, like a distant cousin or relative that has always been in the back of my mind.
I wish that I had listened to my father more. I wish I let things that hurt roll off my back more and trusted that being natural and myself was safe. He advised me to pursue so many goals for myself and I didn't listen because I did not believe in myself. He wanted me to trust myself and I fought him on this.
It's Father's Day, a day which should be filled with summertime family fun - not stories about child marriage. In the United States, it's hard for us to imagine something as shocking as children marrying at an age when they should be attending second grade, but it happens in many countries.


Even when refugees do manage to find safety, they still face a daily struggle to find food and obtain other basics of life. Children suffer the most and are at risk of deadly malnutrition.
As I watch the television coverage of the families of those murdered, I am amazed by their faith and their commitment to forgive the man who took the lives of their loved ones. They should be an inspiration to all of us.

Reading about the plight of refugees, it's easy for the suffering millions to meld together into a faceless mass. That's why I want to place one human face on the 60 million refugees. I want to share the story of my mother.

What I have been saying for 20 years in 30 books and hundreds of lectures is that it is humanity's beliefs about God that have produced humanity's dysfunctional experience of itself.


On this World Refugee Day, we need more than symbolic platitudes, speeches and statistical references, we need international community action.  The Syria crisis, or more to the point, war, is approaching its fifth year with devastating consequences.
Homelessness strips so much from a person
If Philip Morris wins its case against Uruguay forcing them to scrap its laws aimed at safeguarding public health, smoking bans in other countries will also be threatened. Philip Morris will have a \license to kill\. A ruling is expected very soon from the ICSID, a branch of the World Bank.
Healing happens in so many ways. From arts programs, to yoga, to support groups, many of our grantees this week are providing opportunities for communities to heal the challenging circumstances of their lives.
This is not some crazy named technology company from famous Silicon Valley but a group of people in DC who are actually diving into inclusion and pushing the technology industry to solve some really difficult but pressing issues.
The gender gap challenge persists in most countries even as overall financial inclusion increases. While inclusion is growing for everyone, women tend to lag men by seven percentage points globally when it comes to having access to financial products.

Kids such as 9 year-old Rachael have experienced more hospital visits and grit their teeth through more ongoing treatment than I ever have. Maybe more than you have too.
Every day around the world, we as fathers make decisions about the future of our daughters -- whether they stay in school, marry too early (or against their will), whether we treat their mothers with respect, or whether we support our daughters to pursue their dreams and see themselves as competent and powerful.
When a Moroccan fruit-seller closes his stand each evening at the Porta Palazzo market in Turin, Italy, he thinks about how much money he made that day, how much he can send to his family back in Morocco that week, how much it will cost to send that money, and how many Dirhams his family will receive.
Countless self-help books flirt and kiss but rarely go all the way. Perhaps because for the most part it's the commercial appearance of value with their pretty fonts, lively testimonials, and convoluted messages that escape even the greatest cryptographer.
The Turkish Parliament will soon welcome the highest number of women Members of Parliament (MPs) in its history after parliamentary elections held on 7 June 2015. According to initial estimates, the number of women MPs elected to the Turkish Parliament increased from 79 to 98.
While a strategy for peace in Iraq is still being formed, we already know one ingredient. Food will help write the peace in Iraq. For there cannot be any peace or stability with people starving and malnourished. We cannot abandon Iraqis in this time of great distress.
If you're wondering why, despite all of your careful planning and grand volunteer and giving activities, your participation numbers are flat, you need to take a look at how you're hooking your employees into your program in the first place.
When Bessie Nkhwazi, the mothers2mothers (m2m) Malawi District Manager for Thyolo District, told me that Thekerani Health Center was \very far away,\ I did not think much of it -- but after almost two hours in the car on a precarious, mountain-top dirt road, I fully understood why Bessie emphasized \very far.\
A year after he was ambushed by machine-gun fire in Fallujah, Iraq, Lt. Jason Redman was still missing his nose. The bullets that showered his body also hit his cheekbone, leaving the right side of his face caved in.
Today, as Africa simultaneously commemorates the Day of the African Child and the 25th anniversary of the Charter, we have a rare opportunity to reflect on both progress and challenges in responding to child marriages in Africa.
As we take turns pushing her one-year-old brother in his stroller, my daughter asks me why people don't just stay away from bad people, then they won't be trafficked. I tell her that usually the story starts out with hope.
This Father's Day, if you need substance abuse or mental health assistance, ask for it, especially if you are a veteran. Your family needs you and most likely, they love you.
Food hubs -- enterprises that actively manage the aggregation, distribution and marketing of source-identified foods from local and regional producers -- could be the key link in a new supply chain that fixes our broken food system.
Sexy and sustainability -- two words that go together like fun and root canal. Sustainability is a lot of things, but for most of us, sexy isn't one of them. That needs to change.

In the months and years ahead, stress could damage individuals and families. When an earthquake wipes hometowns off maps, psychosocial care is critical and is always part of a long-term, comprehensive response.
To unlock the potential of distributed solar energy and solve humanity's energy crisis, we need a Global Solar Bank that can replicate the successes of SNV in Tanzania and IDCOL in Bangladesh.
Everything I have ever done has been focused on this underlying theme of shifting the paradigm because, \what we think determines what we feel and what we feel determines what we do.\
Maybe you're actually good at your weakness, but you just need to better understand it (as was my case). Or maybe you need to let it go altogether because there are better uses of your time.
There are many ways to help make a difference, but the most direct and surest way to make a profound, life-changing impact in the life of a child who has experienced abuse or neglect is to adopt a waiting child from the foster care system.

For companies interested in retaining millennials, it's vital to infuse cause work into the corporate ethos, and then to structure the volunteer experience in ways that will be attractive to millennials.
For most Fortune 500 companies, philanthropy is a vehicle for corporate interests. Corporations are designed for profit maximization and market expansion, and corporate philanthropy generally is in service to those objectives.
I've been working on the ground in Haiti with people who are heroic to me. It has bred this reflection. What my eyes have seen make me grateful to them. What my eyes have seen make me grateful to the American Red Cross.

The East Harlem headquarters of Single Stop, the nonprofit that Mason helped establish seven years ago, invites at-risk Americans from all walks of life to pay a visit. There, representatives demystify the labyrinthine process of accessing aid.
It may be too late, with statute of limitations, for these victims to have a criminal process and unfortunately I don't understand what civil options they may have available to them today. But let's give these young women an opportunity to have a true, un-coached voice.
What you really take away when talking with Nanette is how much she really cares. The love she puts into everything she does is so apparent its infectious. She has that special ability to leave a positive and lasting impression everywhere she goes. I have been shifted.
On June 5, 1947 America's greatest peace adventure got started with a speech by Secretary of State George C. Marshall. It was a commencement address at Harvard University. It set in motion a masterful plan to rebuild Europe from the ashes of World War II.
In 2010, when the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, we knew that new opportunities were emerging for drug users who were disconnected from the traditional healthcare system.

In the summer of 1966, my parents, Robert and Ethel Kennedy, traveled to South Africa at the invitation of Ian Robertson, President of the National Union of South African Students, or NUSAS. NUSAS, which opposed the racist Apartheid regime then in power in South Africa, wanted my father to deliver the keynote address at the annual Day of Reaffirmation of Academic and Human Freedom at the University of Cape Town.

Our world is changing faster than ever and if you ask any teacher, they will tell you that one of the greatest challenges they face is to educate a generation of children today for a set of jobs that will arise tomorrow.
Love is legitimate, regardless of who it is between. I hope that is something that our current Supreme Court, and society at large, can see.
I was listening to a great leader... someone who had hit rock bottom (maybe even that place below rock bottom) and rose again through sheer determination.

These sites tell some of the stories, struggles and accomplishments of these groups that have enriched the history of the United States and endeavored a brighter future for the next generations.
The International Day of Innocent Children Victims of Aggression was set up by the United Nations to acknowledge the pain suffered by children throughout the world who are the victims of physical, mental and emotional abuse.
We have a responsibility to each of our fellow human beings
Fernando Morales-de la Cruz, Founder CAF\u00c9 FOR CHANGE, asks
Ultimately, each country must approach LGBT issues in its own way and through its own structures. No single uniform approach is possible, or even to be desired.
Throughout my life there have been many numbers of significance. For instance 4 -- the number of children I have had the immense pleasure of being a father to; or the age when my daughter Alex first voiced her desire to host a lemonade stand to help doctors on their way to finding cures for all kids with cancer.
Building a new hospital in Long Beach -- as FEMA intended when it allocated $154 million for that purpose --  will lead the country as a venue for new modalities of care for survivors of catastrophes.
May was the first ALS Awareness Month since the Ice Bucket Challenge. That silly, organic, viral campaign did more for ALS awareness than years of marketing by any organization could have ever done. Millions of people created videos last summer.
As we began making preparations for our next facility, my team and I decided that we would try to acquire government land. This would appease donors, and our bank account. More importantly, the process would require community participation.


Together, we are working toward achieving a reformed criminal justice system that offers formerly imprisoned people an economic path forward and restores voting rights -- and we are already winning battles.
The encouraging news is that progress is underway. Around the world, communities are developing effective solutions to global food challenges, experimenting with new farming methods, food marketing, and policies that enable people and societies to feed themselves. They are also working to overcome structural injustices that impede access to food.
What does it mean to be \aware\ of mental health though? Of what should we be aware?


After a tough month of May, and a hard-fought finish in the 2015 Indianapolis 500, IndyCar driver Pippa Mann took a second checkered flag later that day when her #GetInvolved campaign completed\u200a--\u200awith a surprise result.
Fifteen years from now, my daughter Sierra will be 29 years old. Born prematurely due to a virus, my girl has cerebral palsy, is nonverbal and spends the vast majority of her day in a wheelchair. She uses an iPad with a special app as her primary mode of communication. When she was 12 years old, the sweetest words I ever heard in my entire life were the digitized words, \I love you mommy.\
I am a white, educated, middle class American and as full of fluff as the frosting on the cupcakes before me. I am failing at doing my part as a human being.
In our relationship, we tend to think and talk a lot about whether we are doing useful things with our lives. It's important to us to believe that we are, but it can sometimes be hard to know.
Silas Borden has spent the last five years living on the streets of San Francisco. He's used to making the best with what he has, so when he stumbled upon a bus offering free showers and a toilet, he couldn't resist.
In honor of International Day to End Obstetric Fistula, we honor the brave women who struggle with the shame and burden of fistula, and we welcome partners from around the world to join us in helping to ensure their future is instead filled with hope and potential.
Then June 1st will appear and we disappear from your consciousness. We go back to being the first or last story on the newscast. We become the story on your newsfeed you pass by. We fade back into the background.
Despite the fact that it would destroy the public's enjoyment of a beautiful stretch of river, ruin the historic context of irreplaceable historic assets like Jamestown and Colonial Parkway, and mar a landscape that's been largely unchanged for thousands of years, Dominion Virginia Power still wants to construct high-voltage transmission lines across the James River.
A.T. is practicing his big pitch on me. We're sitting at a small table on a kind of meeting stage at the Slush Conference in Tokyo. It is not just a place where futuristic and powerful-looking electric motorbikes are presented. People are also guiding little Styrofoam balls through the air in electrostatic fields.
We need to stop focusing on differences and, instead, start focusing on similarities. We are all people. It does not matter if we are brown, paste white, peach or any other color. We are all people.
In early February, the United Nations Economic and Social Council (UN ECOSOC) hosted the annual Youth Forum to discuss what it will take to transition from the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and youth involvement in the process.
This summer marks the two year anniversary of my work in Rwanda. I have met many incredible people during this journey, and know I will meet many more.
A piece of advice. Do not try too hard to outlive your teeth.
When we first started working in the WASH sector in Zambia, we were using mobile phones and cloud-based data aggregation to engage government workers. We worked through community volunteers and district environmental health technicians. Little did we know, we had only scratched the surface.
We have found that governments' failure to adequately inform women and girls about menstruation and enable menstrual hygiene management can compromise their rights to privacy, non-discrimination and equality, education, health, work and decent working conditions.
Twenty-four years ago, I managed to flee to the United Kingdom from the Democratic Republic of Congo and was lucky enough to be granted political asylum. My journey was difficult, and made worse by not being able to contact my friends and family back home to know if they were safe.
Climate change will leave no aspect of our society and natural world untouched. As scientists, we feel the weight of responsibility on our shoulders to communicate our knowledge of the risks we face. This is a burden we cannot bear on our own.
This Memorial Day, I encourage you to go to a cookout, shop a holiday sale, and attend a parade if there is one near you. Offer to go buy red plastic cups, contribute some money to a 12-pack of cheap beer, and enjoy every moment you get to hangout with your families. My friends would want you to remember them that way.
Memorial Day provides us the opportunity to come together as one community -- both military and civilian -- in remembrance of the fallen and to honor their spirit.
Our family's love for Joe continues. His story is woven into our story, and it was even before we knew his name.
It is in such a context that I see a connection between these proud and happy young men and women on their commencement day, joyously tossing their hats high into the sky, and those fallen heroes who we honor on their Memorial Day.
Memorial Day is upon us, the special day in the United States when we remember the people who died while serving in our country's armed forces. Here is a virtual tribute to those that made the ultimate sacrifice for the United States of America.
Names on the wall...
What will end the hunger and suffering in Syria is a peace treaty. That miracle appears far off today. But, until we can find this elusive peace, we cannot forget the plight of the Syrian people.

May 21st, Thursday, is the Inaugural Red Nose Day here in the United States. What is Red Nose Day? Simply put, it's the perfect opportunity to get involved, have fun, and raise money to end poverty.
Traditional roofing materials (like black tar), convert sunlight to heat -- dramatically raising the interior temperatures and increasing cooling costs. Coating a roof white reflects the sunlight, drastically reducing its temperature and that of the building's interior and surrounding environment.
The spate of high-profile voices making the case for paid leave is generating awareness, but what will move people to action? In our work, which focuses on advancing women into leadership in the Jewish non-profit sector, we've discovered how to motivate leaders to adopt paid leave.
The future will almost certainly bring new and unexpected challenges. However, as we continue to add outstanding researchers and staff along with increasing support from the public and private sectors, I am determined to succeed in our mission, with the ultimate goal being to use iPS cell technology for patient care.
I'll let the PSA speak for itself. It serves as an example of the quality work product veterans produce on a daily basis in the civilian sector, whether for their companies or communities.
This is an open letter (obviously as it is on the Huffington Post). I have to inform you Amal, for pure disclosure reasons, I too could have been George's wife. Alas, I am also Druze.
I can tell that this is not just a one-off experience with volunteering for Mariah.  It is a way of life for her family.
When companies match the donations that employees make to nonprofits, the result is a powerful employee engagement tool that supports nonprofits and employees alike.
It's often a red flag when a nonprofit board does not expect its board members to \give/get\ a meaningful amount of money.

My time in Girl Scouts has not come without its challenges. As a young adult, I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, an inherited connective tissue disorder. After 36 surgeries, I rely on a wheelchair -- but this has never stopped me.
This is a special week in our series as all 24 Champions are currently convened in Lagos for our Champions Series II workshop, focusing on budgetary advocacy and planning.
In the grip of grief.  These are not my boys.  This is not my school, my story. Yet, once more, I am holding hurt -- my own, the hurt girls in my school feel, the hurt braided with fear that every parent feels when adolescent illusions of invincibility are dashed.
It was that search for a match and the overwhelming outpouring of support I received that inspired me to establish the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation.
I was recently blind for five minutes and felt as though my eyes had never been more open. I didn't have some freak accident or momentary medical issue; I was participating in a mini human-centered design challenge.
As a veteran and entrepreneur, I've learned a thing or two about mentorship over the years. In fact, I would not be where I am today if it wasn't for a group of incredible mentors guiding me along the way.
I am extremely proud to be a member of my fire department. The work challenges me physically, emotionally and cognitively. It is deeply satisfying. Shouldn't a career like this be open to any man or woman who wants to pursue it?
For the uninitiated, Start Up Nation
I'm interested in mental health issues, but I'm not a physician and have no medical training. That's why I look forward to the annual Fountain House Symposium and Luncheon, where cutting-edge information is presented by top-drawer experts in terms accessible to a lay audience.
Ever since that Friday two years ago, I now go out of my way to pitch my business to any kid willing to lend me an ear (preferably two). And why wouldn't I? Who would pass up a no-cost, high-yield brainstorm session with a true outside-the-box thinker?

What would happen if, rather than focusing all our energies on such sophisticated plans, we spent a little more time listening to our hearts?
A recent research study indicates that for women with the most severe symptoms, maternal depression and anxiety often begin during pregnancy not just after giving birth. Yet despite this staggering statistic, 70 to 80 percent of these women never receive treatment, because they are never properly identified and diagnosed.


Paradigm Shifters is a series of interviews with a select group of women from eclectic walks of life. It will highlight real life insight on how women have been able to turn weakness into strength.
Last week, as word spread about girls kidnapped by Boko Haram last year returning to their communities having been raped and impregnated, the Nigerian Senate passed the Violence Against Persons Prohibition (VAPP) Bill, which seeks to prohibit multiple forms of gender-based violence including economic abuse, female genital mutilation, and depriving persons of their liberty among others.
It was only to be expected that he wouldn't stand by and watch, knowing him. He is not that type of person. He is simply unable to sit on his hands and do nothing.
Lyme Disease has grown to epidemic proportions with more than 300,000 new cases annually in the U.S. alone.
The town of Dripping Springs, Texas, is not living up to its name. In the last six years Dripping Springs, along with most of Texas, has been experiencing its worst drought in decades. But inside Dripping Springs lies an oasis of water -- 250,000 gallons of it to be exact.
Every fiber of my being aches to be a part of positive change. Since the tender age of six or seven, I have been quietly carrying an unquenchable feeling that I was put on this earth to make an impact on a large scale. The cause? I am a part of Generation O.
The death last month of Edward Chambers, one of the world's great community organizers, serves as a strong reminder of how the power of the grass-roots can be mobilized to make a huge difference in the lives of the neediest. He was a master of building groups that could last for the long haul, a skill not enough activists possess.
The sun was shining yesterday in Oxford, as the 12th Skoll World Forum kicked off its three-day convening of 1,000 delegates eager to accelerate entrepreneurial approaches and innovative solutions to the world's most pressing problems.
It's a commonplace saying that \beauty is in the eye of the beholder.\ This can  also apply to cancer. This sentiment is not one I would have understood (or even accepted) at the onset of my cancer experience, but over the years, I've grown to appreciate what surviving cancer has taught me.

Tim Williamson, CEO of the Idea Village (an organization that has supported entrepreneurship in New Orleans for fifteen years), talked about how New Orleans has a community calendar of rhythms and rituals
Today, Charleston delivered. Repeatedly, we have seen cities across the country with less-obvious entrepreneurial resources succeed build on their assets--rather than try and re-create what other people have.
Living in an urban American city and enjoying Internet access from all of my devices, and my own personal wireless network at home, it's easy to take for granted how rare that kind of accessibility is on a global scale.
Crystal Wells in on the ground in Nepal as part of Concern Worldwide's emergency response team. She was in the isolated village of Bhirkot, preparing for an aid distribution, when the May 12 tremor struck.
Steve Case opened the day with a breakfast conversation with Governor Pat McCrory pointing out the great history of North Carolina, and the role the state played in the founding of the country.
Most people have heard about the incredible good being done on daytime television by personalities like Ellen DeGeneres, but there's another fairy godmother bestowing money and publicity unto those doing good things in the world.
Facing growing global crises, such as the devastating impacts of climate change, the degradation of our natural environment and failing financial systems, it is hard to deny that our old human story has failed us.
It's high time we got practical and selfish about volunteering the way we have about every other aspect of our selfie-obsessed existence.
Today, Chicago is facing a budget deficit that is going to lead to a lot of tough decisions; we all know too well that it is the poorest and youngest citizens who are most at risk. Our schools don't have the option to stand idly by as families across the city are struggling for access to quality education.
I hope after reading these stories you will look at your own situations, struggles and accomplishments through a different lens and, at the very least, be better equipped to change your own paradigm.
After a period of intense national suffering, Liberia has just been declared Ebola-free by the World Health Organization. In addition to thanking the dedicated health care workers in her country, President Sirleaf acknowledged the key role civil society played in helping to turn the tide.
If business schools are designed to shape the future by educating our future global business leaders, then the measurement of success should be on how well those business leaders are doing at shaping the world. But that is not what we are measuring.
While any justice is a step forward in this case, many questions have been raised due to the information -- or lack thereof -- surrounding the trial. The results of the trial were only revealed when court records were leaked to reporters in Pakistan, and no real information exists regarding what occurred with this trial.
It was an ordinary Tuesday for most of us in the world, but for the children of Central African Republic (CAR), the decision taken on this day will have a significant impact on the direction that their lives take in the future. Or simply put, it will mean that they actually have a future.
Besides shelter, access to basic hygiene and healthcare is extremely limited, and hospitals are overwhelmed. This presents unique challenges for women and girls -- a fact too often overlooked in relief efforts.
They wanted to tackle hunger -- their own as well as the world's children. And with their home-made snack bar, they are making progress on their missions -- both around the world and in their own backyard.
Kyran Young, a British teen, is walking the full 2663 mile Pacific Crest Trail to raise money and awareness for the last remaining 900 Mountain Gorillas in Eastern Africa. It will take four months.
New 20-year-old Aussie tennis sensation Nick Kyrgios has come perilously close to being defaulted for language and/or racquet and ball abuse at the US Open, the Australian Open, where John McEnroe was famously defaulted in 1990, and the Estoril Open in Portugal.
My mother (known in her hometown of Chattanooga as \The Purple Lady\) lives by what she calls her \Purple Rules
When you become a mother, you want to make the world a better place. Our biggest job as mothers is to teach our children by example, by how we live and what we do. I want to teach my children to always come from a place of love.
Homeless students are already facing a disadvantage of being a year and a half behind the rest of their classmates just by nature of changing addresses. To say that the odds are stacked against them is at best an understatement.
The inscription is a bright, promising doorway to America for anyone in need of shelter. And yet, when I leave my front door each morning, I'm reminded that more than one and a half million people will be homeless this year in the U.S.

Amidst the destruction and aftermath of the recent earthquake in Nepal, daily miracles and moments of compassion illustrate what is possible when humanity bands together -- babies pulled alive from rubble, mothers sheltering hours-old newborns and citizens rushing in from around the world to provide relief to massive suffering.

How lucky are we who live and intimately associate with our kids, while so many mothers have lost their children -- or never had them at all -- for whatever crazy reasons in an irrational, chaotic, and unjust world?
What is it that we are trying to convey on each Mother's Day, if nothing but the celebration of the life?  And what better way to celebrate the lives of these women, who have given us the width of the sky, more meaningfully than the gift of good health?
When world leaders meet in September at the United Nations General Assembly in New York to enshrine the new post-2015 development agenda, we need to generate the political will to drastically drive down and end avoidable maternal deaths in our lifetime.
Kishor Pradhan is a development anthropologist and a communications worker in Nepal. Dibya Gurung is a conservationist and gender and social inclusion expert who trains rural men and women for leadership roles. I did a joint interview with the couple via email.
My opponent described her volunteer work at a local school and how angry she was at the mothers who didn't come to pick up their kids when the school called to say they were sick. \I'm angry, too,\ I said. \But why are you angry at the moms and not at the boss who would fire them or dock their pay if they answered that call?\
Of the many things that have touched me about the response to my memoir Wild, the fact that so many people who've had and survived lung cancer or loved someone who died of the disease see themselves in my story is among the most meaningful.
We pulled on to the dirt lane. You couldn't see the entrance to the school from the sea of little people. The line of children was easily two hundred deep. They were here for shoes.
The idyllic picture of a smiling nurturing mother, caressing her growing belly or loving her cooing adoring newborn, is not the reality for many women during pregnancy or the time following a birth.
Somewhere between the piercing bright lights, the hum of the cameras, and the editing room floor lies only bits of truth, you just need to know what to look for.
Advocates for women have pointed out the error of the first NHAS in not addressing the urgency of the HIV epidemic for Black women, among whom HIV rates are far higher than any other group of women.
I met a great lady last week. The Grandest of Grande Dames. Her name is Dorothy Cramer, \Cramer with a C,\ if you please. Dorothy is the docent at the New Madrid Historical Museum, but to me she is much more than that.
Mayors and their governments undoubtedly have a role to play in fostering the well-being and prosperity of their cities. The sheer amount of resources they have at their disposal gives them immense power to move their metropolises in the right directions.
Champions for Change (C4C) is pleased to continue our 'Meet the Champions' Series. This bi-monthly blog series highlights the work of 24 Nigerian leaders currently participating as C4C champions.

When it comes to athletic achievement, the Seven Summits Women Team from Nepal is second to none. This elite group of female mountain climbers have scaled the highest peaks in the world, including Everest.
A growing group of organizations is joining Hadley-based MotherWoman in the push to protect pregnant women from workplace discrimination by passing the Massachusetts Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.

This week, we celebrate another kind of superhero. What these superheroes lack in flash, boom and bang, they make up for in commitment, caring and competence. These are our nation's nurses
Regardless of how you may feel about some of the recent issues we face, please don't let them tear us apart as people.  We have to put our humanity first because we are all in this together.

When the world was afraid, we came to Liberia to offer help, healing and hope. When our neighbors needed us the most, we opened our hearts and extended our hands in service. This is not just about Ebola. It's about the next epidemic and the one after that.

I was in Armenia very recently to learn about the country's response to its epidemic and came away undoubtedly pleased with progress on a number of fronts but concerned on others.
Life is ephemeral. Liberty is fickle. And without the first two, all the wealth in the world does not amount to much. But happiness is not dictated by external circumstances; it is guided by inner purpose. It is not luck; it is a choice.
Among other research and policy initiatives aimed reducing the maximum volume of suffering for the minimum philanthropic investment, GiveWell is sending mosquito nets to Africa, hoping to save children from malaria.
One thing is for sure, we can't ignore the disasters around us in a social media connected world. In fact, we wouldn't want to. How will you help the disasters? Every prayer, dollar, and conversation matters. So, to you, for everything you do
Instead of sharing cat photos, Egyptians use the social network for new models of society, fundraising and progressive campaigns.
In the long run, Choma wants to contribute to an HIV-free generation. That might sound like an ambitious goal, but it's not impossible.
In the past few days, the world was bombarded with images of enraged Baltimore youth. But Baltimore doesn't need any more judgment or negative reactions. It needs kindness with action. It needs understanding and compassion with action. It needs to be heard and listened and its needs acted upon, with restoration and healing.
Living on the streets for years at a time can rapidly increase one's age, turning any young adult into middle-aged or elderly. And, Jennifer is no exception. Most of those elderly-looking people on the streets are, in reality, decades younger.
Besides celebrating our military with these special days in May, we must all do more than just wave the American flag or take the day off and watch the parade. We have to help and embrace our veterans so the transition from military life to civilian life is not as painful.
When I started One Simple Wish in 2008 a few people told me they probably wouldn't ever grant a wish because they didn't think giving kids \stuff\ was really going to make much of a difference in their lives.
Six months ago many in the humanitarian system wondered if it was the worst it has ever been, with crises in Syria, South Sudan, and the Central Africa Republic. Then came Ebola. And Yemen.
Of the 3 million babies the world loses every year in their first month of life, 99 percent are in the developing world, meaning this is simply an issue of poverty and lack of resources. The weeks following birth are an incredibly vulnerable time, but astoundingly 2 million newborns could be saved with a few low-cost measures.
These are the words of one of the food industry's most famous entrepreneurs -- Frank Perdue. With his father, he built a business that turned a commodity into a highly sought-after brand.

Fortunately, with some low-income countries quickly adopting mobile phone use, financial services such as mobile payments and money transfers are becoming accessible for communities that would otherwise be precluded from banking privileges.

The end result is something I'm proud to have been a part of, an experience that's impacted my life in a positive way. I'm glad I overcame my own obstacles to take part in the planning, and I can't wait to savor the exciting culmination of our work.
It's time to \bring the nag back.\ It is time we start nagging and don't stop nagging until we get laws changed and we get equality for women once and for all!
One in five immigrants points to the costs associated with the process as the main reason they cannot finish becoming a citizen. For millions of legal immigrants, the financial costs to finish the citizenship process are just too prohibitive.

One valuable action is to contribute to community organizations working to address the inequities and outrages of the criminal justice system, as well as economic inequality, racial health disparities and structural barriers to building political power for people of color. At this moment, more than ever, if you believe that #BlackLivesMatter, you should support a stronger movement for racial justice.
In Congo, a country where women have been deliberately silenced, where they have little or no land rights, where education is not an expectation and it is reported that 2.5 million girls are out of school, these women are speaking up.

Our two daughters, Jessie and Abby, get vaccines. Not only do they receive their shots on schedule, but they've grown to understand why we've chosen to dedicate our careers to expanding access to immunization -- and they now know why we have to travel long distances, sometimes for extended periods of time, to help ensure that kids get the vaccines they need.


We all know more than enough about Millennials - who they are, how they consume media, what they want from brands, and other assorted minutiae from the foods they eat to the slang they use.
I enjoy most everyday. I don't get overly concerned with the petty stuff nor do I get tripped up by the negativity in the world. It all has little meaning to me. I only look for good. Its all I have room for. But this is my life, a life without one of my children.
\Stand up to osteoporosis. Before you can't.\ I'm here to tell you that I'm sitting down, but I'm still on board with the prevention of osteoporosis. These two concepts are not mutually exclusive.
Almost every week, or every month, we hear the latest news about possible breakthroughs created by pioneering medical research into the causes and possible treatments of Alzheimer's disease.
Every man, woman and child has a story. For some it is found in the most unlikely of places, during one of the most horrific of times, where actions of a few meant life versus death. Mine is a story of survival

I always tell people that a woman in a developing country is like a circus elephant. What we see in the circus is how the mighty enormous elephant is leashed in a weak chain without knowing about his power of crumbling the chain effortlessly.
The recent loss of an important early mentor has focused that reflection on something unexpected -- how much my recovery from addiction shaped my approach to leadership and social change.
\What is clear is that malaria countries and communities have gained much from the last 15 years of collective efforts and we must continue to prioritize their needs, and ensure we do not derail progress and allow malaria to resurge while we rethink our architecture.\
Tanzanians are habitually late for meetings and appointments. Mainly this is because the transportation infrastructure is so limited, it is tough to get around. The other reason is that Tanzania survives through relationships that focus on regular communication.
In Greek \ne\ means \yes.\ You'd think it would mean \no\ because it sounds so close to the English word. But \no\ in Greece is \ochi.\ Which, considering it's pronounced like a guttural \okay,\ you'd think would mean \yes.\
After seeing Bruce Jenner's outstanding interview last night with Diane Sawyer, I felt so tightly locked on to some of the things he said that I couldn't shake the feeling of pure truth in his words. I related to that truth in my own life's experience.
The plight of the Nepalese may slip to the back of your mind and then maybe just become an afterthought before being forgotten altogether. While there is a lot going on in the world, don't forget about Nepal.

Gender inequality, sexual objectification and sexist attitudes need to be a relic of the past. A persons worth, to any extent or dimension, should not be determined by their physical being.
As we all know, kids don't sit in corporate boardrooms and don't have the votes or economic power to make their voices heard. Yet, their success in life is absolutely essential to our nation's future. And when we stand up for all kids, we stand up for the best interests of our own kids
I remember looking at the thousands of flimsy shacks and hovels lining Kathmandu's dusty slums and the sturdier, but still precarious, multi-tiered family homes, and the cheaply-built apartment blocks and ornate temples that collectively give the city its colorful distinctive appearance. We all understood and feared what a big earthquake would surely do there.
One Young World is the preeminent global forum for leaders aged 18-30. The not-for-profit organization hosts an annual Summit with 1,300 delegates from all 196 countries; drawn from businesses, universities, NGOs and other forward thinking organizations.
Until the second half of the 20th century, the only way a child could become immune to infectious diseases like whooping cough or measles was to actually get the disease and survive it. Too often, however, infection led to tragic, premature death.

In 2006, I founded goods for good with the committed to giving all children the chance to thrive. Since then, goods for good has helped nearly 80,000 vulnerable children in Malawi get the care they need.
In the summer of 2013, Dr. Ganesh Dangal boarded a plane from his home in Kathmandu, Nepal, to Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia. It was a trip that would set his professional life on a new and exciting path.
Fashion today is the most labor-dependent industry on earth, employing an estimated one out of every six people alive. Thanks to the mass outsourcing of labor to developing countries, the price for the clothing we buy has markedly dropped.
Both the triumphs and the growing pains of \impact investing\ were on display in Oxford, England last week. Impact investing goes beyond the passive tactic of limiting investments to, say, companies that are green or that don't produce guns.
There are many incredible and life-changing improvements around health taking place in schools across the country right now, led by everyday heroes who deserve and need our support.
The words \hospital food\ usually inspire thoughts of rubbery jello and syrupy fruit cups. But the St. Luke's University Health Network in Easton, Pa. is doing its best to change that. In the fall of 2013, it teamed up with the Rodale Institute.
The arts cast a peculiar spell. Relationships are forged and avenues are explored that likely would have never been considered. For some time, Jerry was simply a character, a fun-loving fan of The Greatest Show On Earth whose presence and kindness was much appreciated.
Danny Colllins blended three core aspects of my life -- cancer, education and music -- to the point that one simple word kept repeating in my mind as I left the theater
By the time August rolls around he'll start adding some progressively longer runs each weekend to build up his endurance. He's hoping to run like a wolf tracking its prey over long distances
Calling all aspiring founders of social-impact organizations
Efforts to strengthen the rule of law pay off in ways that few other forms of development aid can. But success does not happen overnight. Legal reform, institution-building and greater levels of access to justice are initiatives that take time, financing and political will.
In the United States, a key challenge has been that legislation has often made it virtually impossible for companies to do the right thing. So an early task has been to change the laws determining what companies can -- and cannot -- do.


Kathy's counselor helped her realize that the trauma of her childhood sexual abuse had resurfaced because she was now bringing her own child into the world. With therapy, Kathy was able to come to terms with the abuse and finally begin to heal.
The looming Alzheimer's crisis is too big a challenge for government, the public or the private sector to handle alone. But we need someone to lead the charge.
Reports of the Bank violating its own safeguards on resettlement policies and forcing over 3.4 million people from their homes and property over the past decade were a public relations nightmare for the Bank. And that was before Friday morning's demonstration.
Many individuals seek volunteer opportunities for new reasons -- to expand their professional network, hone their skills and explore new opportunities. All in addition to making the world a better place.
Another is trying to rock the world of young African women by the simple act of providing them with locally made sanitary pads so they don't miss work and school.
The National Veterans Foundation sponsored the first guide, published in 19\u00ad\u00ad89.  The new updated guide, published by the Veterans Defense Project in 2014, also had backing from the NVF.
Over a year has passed since the Ebola outbreak in West Africa began. In that narrow window of time, the disease has claimed more than 10,000 lives, stalled economic growth, and hampered -- if not reversed -- gains the region had made in strengthening public health infrastructure and service delivery.

WASH continues to be one of the most practical ways we can fulfill our commitment to the world's children. If everyone had access to safe drinking water, a staggering 90 percent of diarrhea deaths could be prevented.
Technology has developed unique and even easy ways to help people a world away. One of them is the free app Charity Miles.

Wouldn't it be great, especially in the privileged position you're in, to make a point of spending the rest of your life purposefully and positively impacting as many people as possible?

Imagine someone handed you $100 out of the blue, but with one condition, that you use it to create goodness in the world with it. Would you take the money? Yesterday morning, that's exactly what we did.
Welcome back, spring! Watching last year's old and tired become this year's new and fresh is always invigorating for me. It's encouraging to see new flowers push up through the dirt, determined to succeed and grow.
Our military depends on you just like you depend on our military; it is after all, your military. For all the faults I just listed, I still believe we have a military and veteran community, including their families, we should be proud of... let's keep it that way, by reducing, if not eliminating cyber bullying.


April 17th, 2015 marks 40 years since the Khmer Rouge took Phnom Penh and unleashed a wrath of vengeance against its own people. The genocide war in Cambodia left almost 2 million people dead from execution, starvation and disease.
For a country famously lagging in math and science, how did we produce students like these -- and how can we produce more of them?

The well-being of society begins with the well-being of kids. That is why we've made it our bold goal at KaBOOM! to help give all kids the childhood they deserve, filled with balanced and active play, so they can thrive.
I guess my own journey from the dark side began when I left the City. I loved being a research analyst but once I drifted up into senior management (eventually as Head of Equities in Europe for Lehman Brothers), I became part of the world that I didn't find especially comfortable.
This country does not need another celebrity to tell us how life is for \these people.\ These people are all around us and they are hungry. We need to have some compassion, stop hating the poor and try to understand them.
There is a child right now trying to figure how he will eat and how he will feed his younger siblings. Right now, there is a child trying to figure out how to hide herself and her siblings in the bush away from those who will do them harm.
I found myself replaying that moment in my mind
We need to publicly value and promote sport for development and peace organizations serving youth and adults around the world. We need to continue to create acceptance and awareness for sport as a vehicle and catalyst for social change.
Efforts like Stop Street Harassment's (SSH) annual International Anti-Street Harassment Week, which is happening now, are so important. While street harassment itself is a very public, visible act, the week-long campaign is a sustained moment to make visible the message that it's not okay.
When former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke the famous words \women's rights are human rights,\ it was more than just great rhetoric
It's an incredible sight to see all of those people lining the streets for miles, with seemingly no square foot of concrete left uncovered. As I look around I will also see hundreds of runners wearing a \St. Jude Hero\ singlet just like mine.

Despite making up only 10% of Madison, Wisconsin's population ages 12-17, Black youth make up 60% of the detention-facility population; black youth are six times more likely to be arrested than white youth, compared to a 2:1 national ratio. The point here is that Madison isn't some national outlier regarding these statistics, but proof that even the most \progressive\ of places are not immune from a criminal-justice system that is archaic, ineffective, and most of all, unjust. It prioritizes retribution over redemption, punishes poverty, and bars too many from reaching future success.
For women in the world's most economically deprived countries, collecting water is a key part of preparing to give birth -- if they are lucky enough to have a source of water that they can use.
When I walked inside the prison, everything about serving time came rushing back to me. The sound of gates crashing closed, officers barking orders and the painful laughter and jokes of incarcerated men, all reminded me of the years I spent inside. It reminded me of my darkest days, and how deeply I desired to have a second chance to prove that I could be an asset to society. It reminded me of the lonely days pacing my cell, dreaming of the day I could work a regular job, be a father and enjoy the small creature comforts that we so often take for granted.
Jenna Benn Shersher is an unstoppable force of nature. In 2010, she was just 29 when she was diagnosed with a rare cancer- grey zone lymphoma. During medical treatment, Benn Shersher was determined not to throw herself a pity party and instead threw herself a dance party of sorts.

In 2012, my children and I awoke to the sound of heavy clashes erupting outside of our home in Qudsaya, Syria. We could hear the sound of bullets and gunfire dangerously close to us. I was scared and on the verge of tears, but I refused to let my children see me cry.
In Turkey, breast cancer is the most widespread cancer among women and early diagnosis is essential to prevent death. Breast cancer is ranked the 8th most common causes of death in the country and the Ministry of Health estimates that there are 30,000 new cases each year.
On Efate, many of the market structures themselves have been badly damaged or destroyed, and the villages have lost almost all of their crops.

Whatever we can do to prevent child abusers from abusing children in organized sports, I'm all for. Throughout the last several years, the phrase \background checks\ has been floating around as if it's a panacea for making sure youth sports leagues are doing the right thing.
Technology is not only disrupting education, but also reshaping the future of work. We're witnessing a rise of independent skilled workers that are seeking more flexible, freelance and collaborative work opportunities.
Creating more sustained awareness is one of the keys to better public health. Diarrhea is the second leading cause of death in children aged under five years and much of this is preventable. This is one reason why World Health Day this year is focused on food safety.
While the commission quickly became a catch-all for everything child welfare, its true purpose was to do a better job of identifying which children were at highest risk of abuse, and find ways to better protect those that were.
The peaceful transition to a new administration not only ensured the stability and growth of Nigeria's democratic system, but sets a shining example for the rest of the world. Nigerians should be very proud.
Is it unreasonable to imagine that a child or children in one part of the world may be helped, simply because one person in another part of the world decided to run a few miles?
While we recognize that this is a complex issue and it's going to take a lot of work to empower youth across the country to be active and participating in our government system, we believe that by giving young people the opportunity to create change on the local level, they will feel more invested in their community and that will translate to how they participate in the political process on every scale.

Although the employment situation for veterans has improved since I left the military, the most recent report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics tells me we still have work to do. Every man and woman who has honorably worn the uniform of this country has the ability to make our nation stronger.  I know because they already have.
As the need for new, innovative energy solutions has become more pressing, a rallying cry has been sounded among our youth to disrupt the stagnant energy landscape and produce fresh solutions.
Workers across low-wage industries have chosen to stand together to call for better working conditions, benefits and a living wage, the faith community is called to follow their courageous example.
The opportunity to make a difference is open to each of us nearly every day -- we just have to honor the impulse and act.
Taking a shower, boiling some vegetables or just getting a glass of water is as easy as turning on a faucet. But taking care of life's most basic necessities isn't so straightforward for so many around the world.

Easter tells us of mankind's triumph over injustice; Passover of mankind's liberation from dictatorship. Both holidays should remind everyone today living in peace and security of the terrible price millions elsewhere are paying to achieve the freedom to live in dignity.
March Madness is in full swing, and millions of college students have conducted more intense research in completing their brackets than they likely will be willing to do in completing their courses, and they will be glued to their mobile devices for the latest live updates.
Technology is not the only solution, but it must be part of the solution. If technology can do what we believe it can with learning, it will allow children in conflict zones and refugee camps to safely begin or continue their education.
Let your nonprofit be known, let all the important work and social good you do, be told and let millions of others be part of it by investing in the power of video.
With the rise of bullying over the past several years, young people are having to grow up in an increasingly difficult world -- one full of discouragement and pain.
In December of 2014, I went into the hospital for my final surgery. When I woke up, my colostomy bag was gone, and I was on the road to recovery. It's funny -- the little things. The little things sometimes teach us the biggest lessons in life.
The Internet is failing 77 million Americans with a criminal record. If you are one of those Americans, you may have been arrested, but never charged with a crime, prosecuted, or found guilty. Still, your name appears in a criminal database potentially costing you a job, housing, or government services. This scarlet letter disproportionately plagues minority communities.
Aristotle, a world renowned philosopher and scientist once said that \Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.\ This blog today is all about just that, education.
Anniversaries.  We use them to commemorate the best of times and the worst of times. In Liberia, this is a grim anniversary -- one year of fighting Ebola. As I look back on my past year, I think of where we all were in the beginning of April, 2014, and I think of where we need go.
Palestinian refugees need employment more than handouts. Calling for support, not only through donations, but through livelihood, is crucial. Only a sustainable aid model will empower those with no rights.
When I read that Wichita East High School student Michael Kelley was told he couldn't wear a letterman jacket his mother made him, because he wasn't technically on varsity--let's just say I'm glad I wasn't on the school committee who heard from the parent who voiced their concerns over an autistic and Down syndrome student wearing a varsity letter.
Practicing restorative justice begins in our everyday lives. In an everyday setting jumping to punitive measures raises questions like the following. What do you do when your neighbor/friend is verbally having a loud disagreement with her teenager?
I can't remember exactly when it started, but at some point this last year, I started receiving emails from complete strangers who hoped that somehow a few moments of my time might help them with the next step towards their own dreams and goals.
I sat down with three extraordinary women leaders in the American Muslim community to discuss identity, charitable giving and civic engagement. I was seeking to better understand the needs of a community I knew little about.
Two years ago The Pollination Project started a daily giving practice, making daily $1000 grants to social change visionaries around the world. This summer we will make our 1000th grant! Here are the extraordinary people we supported with seed funding this week.

We prayed and dreamed that this would be the beginning of the end of the horror; that 2015 would put the past four years behind us and bring the long-awaited end to the blood on our hands - the lost fathers, the grieving mothers, the broken children, the destroyed cities and the squandered aspirations.
A slavery survivor from Haiti shared a grizzly account of her childhood in restav\u00e8k domestic servitude.
Every day, men and women are released from prisons and jails across the U.S. after taking this same journey. Most incarcerated settings do not provide programs that teach relevant job skills for reentry to society. As a result, recidivism -- the rate at which people return to incarceration -- is enormous. Society blames these individuals for their failure. Had I not been fortunate enough to be a founding member of a program called The Last Mile, I too could have ended up back in prison.
As budgets have been slashed and the arts have been devalued, music education has been evicted.  It has been left to organizations to fill the void, so that students who might otherwise go without music education have the access and opportunity they deserve.
Being taught respect, honor and working hard in the fields at a young age, were perhaps some of the best times of our lives, because we learned what integrity, and keeping your word meant.
In our ever-thinner-skinned, Stand-Your-Ground public sphere, with our eyes plastered to self-flattering partisan news sites, we may all stand to benefit from some good-natured trickery. It could teach us hands-on lessons in civility.

The silence of scientists on Richard III's reburial is deafening. It stands in stark contrast to how so many regard the reburial of Native American human remains in museums.
By sharing U.S. expertise in agriculture development and developing legislation to codify the government's flagship initiative Feed the Future into law, families and farmers worldwide can set the foundation to build more independent, prosperous lives.
A Syrian refugee who lost nearly everything and has lived in this desolate camp for almost three years, Mohammed al Krad offered an unexpected message of resiliency.
The YWCA -- with more than 200 local associations in 47 states -- invites Mr. Schultz, Starbucks and everyone to participate in our annual Stand Against Racism campaign, beginning with a National Day of Action on April 23.

This was just one of the countless stories read by women, about women, who would not be alive if not for the support of Donor Direct Action (DDA), an organization which has been providing decades-long support for women.
What's better than you telling your own story? Other people (correctly) telling your story. This is why you should consider taking your social media strategy offline.

This is an interview with Sara K. Schneider, who wrote about law enforcement in her book, \Art of Darkness
The Women's Empowerment Principles, a joint initiative of the UN Global Compact and UN Women, are premised on the fact that women's full participation in economic life is essential to build strong economies and establish more stable and just societies.
Although we live in a youth-oriented society, there's a quiet generation of people who are being blatantly shunned and abused. They are the \invisible\ generation; the elderly among us who are often regarded as feeble-minded and lacking in the ability to contribute to society in a meaningful way.

In 2015, the International AIDS Society (IAS) will hold a conference in Vancouver, returning to the city for a large-scale meeting the first time since the 1996 AIDS Conference that heralded the beginning of the era of highly active antiretroviral treatment.
Have you ever felt that you are privileged? That you could \give\ to others with your experience and utilize your network of contacts to help those living in developing countries? I thought so too, until I participated in the Accountability Lab's Social Impact Tour in the poorest country in South Asia.
Communication needs to be an integral component from the very start. And so here are the five questions you should ask -- in order! -- before you kick off any campaign.
All of these things can and do affect our general happiness levels, but I would like to propose that there are two things that make us the most happy as human beings
For our first round of Kuros! pepper spray drops in Africa, we had planned to conduct a number of the drops in the \squatter camps\ surrounding Johannesberg, South Africa.
Girls raised in Mumbai's brothels deal not only with challenging living conditions but also with physical, mental, and sexual violence. Several NGOs provide education and skills training to the children to try to break the cycle of prostitution, but few have their sights set beyond traditional work.

Achieving affordable access to safe water and sanitation for all has been one of humanity's most intractable problems. This is despite the fact that billions of us take these services for granted. We have known how to deliver affordable, safe water for more than 100 years yet for more than 2.5 billion people these services are absent.
That's right, this young homeless woman has cell phone. And she's using it to reach out to me to try to get some answers about her legal rights. And yes, I promised to call her back once I had more information.
We have all at some time or another been impacted either directly or indirectly by someone who has been using drugs and/or alcohol.  This can come in many forms.
While the first harvest is entirely lost, the hope is that farmers can plant again before the rains stop altogether so that there is hope of having some food to harvest this year. However, the crops will still take months to grow and many families will need food assistance in the interim.
Every stance that men take in the fight for gender equality is critical. But there is one particular group of women who remain the most marginalised
It is an exciting time to be an American woman. I am seeing higher levels of collaboration and mutual respect in more and more of the groups I work and lead in.  am seeing empowerment awakening across the globe.
Looking back I don't know if it was the inspiration of a courageous little girl who lived so close by, who was treated at the very same hospital, or our continued commitment in a world where it's hard to keep commitments, but I know that she and her siblings have gotten the message -- \when life gives you lemons, do something about it.\
Finally, college sexual assault is being taken seriously. Even Obama has made it a top priority for his administration, releasing guidelines on how these cases are to be treated by colleges. But, here's the problem
Like most little girls, I was captivated by Cinderella and remember wearing my own version of Disney's magical blue dress, sparkly crown and of course, those beautiful glass slippers.
With all the evidence and examples of how early musical training can affect one's level of success, it should be a no-brainer that music be a prerequisite in every child's development and education.

At 22, I thought a career in diplomacy would be my way to make a mark on the world. Propelled by vague dreams of joining the foreign service, I moved back in with my parents to save up and spent the next year planning my trip.
Providing care for the severely disabled, elderly and others who need round-the-clock care is the fastest growing job in America, and about 2 million people already are working as caregivers.
As a society, we continue to whisper about issues that will impact almost all of us, either directly or through a family member or friend. A culture of shame surrounding mental illness only serves to dissuade those who need help from seeking it.
Skeptical that this schism exists? Think again. A 2014 Washington Post/Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that 55 percent had served in the military felt disconnected from civilian life. That number increased to 64 percent for those who had served in combat.
California has antiquated composting toilet regulations that need to be modified to address the current 20+ year catastrophic drought that we are facing.
Absenteeism matters. It is more strongly associated with dropping out than low test scores.  The reasons that children from low-income families miss more school are varied. Their families may not have the ability to advocate for proper services for students with learning or physical disabilities.

Last week I spoke with someone whose house was buried in four feet of snow outside Boston. A day later I joined a group discussing our creative approach for a financial literacy program for kids.


Workshop Houston, which has been running for more than a decade, has helped approximately 1,000 students in a neighborhood where extracurricular activities are sparse and one in four families live below the poverty line.
GRACE is releasing the 10-year-anniversary version of The Meatrix not as a self-congratulatory retrospective, but as an urgent call to action. While great strides have been made by sustainable food system advocates, factory farms remain a lamentable reality.
What are you reading? What was the last book you read? These are two of my favorite questions to ask in order to jump start a conversation with an old friend or a new acquaintance.
It's our global responsibility towards humanity to encourage compassion for those suffering, and support efforts to completely eliminate the Ebola virus by the end of 2015. Together we can make this happen!

We all need a healthy, safe and enjoyable environment to live in as human beings. That environment is best described an interconnected whole. We're all in this together is much more than a solidarity call.
It's a simple solution that has the potential -- the opportunity to help people facing food insecurity get more than just enough to eat, but to breakdown some of the barriers to preparing and consuming the healthful foods for herself and her family.
She had moved into a public housing project from a homeless shelter with her daughter. She had no family, few friends and a spirit of survival that was simultaneously awe-inspiring and depressing.
When it comes to the future of healthcare, both in the developed world and the emerging world, we've got a lot to look forward to.
Despite our best intentions, all of us have felt stuck in reaction to hardship at some point. It takes a huge mindset shift to recognize that we don't bounce back from bad stuff. We inevitably change, getting less or more resilient.
Violence against women is learned, not innate or inevitable. It's everyone's problem and everyone's responsibility to solve, and we urgently need to insist on keeping our focus on challenging the culture of violence that perpetuates values almost none of us want to embrace.
Making equal rights a reality is essential to all our economies, to the health of our friends and families and our communities.
On International Women's Day we rightly celebrate all that has been achieved for women's rights globally. But we must also openly acknowledge that so much more is required to achieve and maintain real equality, particularly in those countries and environments where women's rights are routinely ignored or trashed.

As we commemorate International Women's Day, it is crucial to take stock of progress and outstanding challenges that confront women and girls and rededicate ourselves to making a difference in their lives.
There is a story that persists around the developing world, to the detriment of families and entire economies
The fight for equality is already on. In developing countries, thousands of girls and women are breaking down these barriers and achieving extraordinary things. But your voice can help turn personal victories into global ones.
Today, I wonder why America, a society that is so sophisticated, wealthy and compassionate, doesn't pick up its lost humanity on the streets and connect them with housing, and more importantly, the community of humanity.
When it comes to tackling sexual and gender based violence, as well as gender equality, it's time for leaders in South Sudan and the international community to follow the leadership displayed by Josephine and the inspiring women of South Sudan.

Today, on International Women's Day, Sweden is speaking out in support of every woman's right to a midwife. The midwifery profession and workforce have the power to save thousands of lives each year.
Women's equality -- as any woman anywhere will tell you -- will never be achieved as long as girls are subject to the threats, abuse and marginalization that still happens in many places around the world.
Today I felt privileged today to live in the first country in the world to see the sun and to be the first country to celebrate the International Women's Day with women's organisations from all over the world.
The Second Amendment lets Americans own guns. The First Amendment lets us talk about how dangerous they are. Don't let the NRA shout down the national conversation about the extraordinary danger to children and families of guns in the home.
The truth is
In the history of the world, change often starts with the young. Young people look at the world with fresh eyes. They see the world as it is and ask \why?\ and imagine a different world and ask \why not?\



Fifteen years ago, I began a journey of unknown destination. Last week, we celebrated that journey -- and the many people who have journeyed with us.
Sunday is International Women's Day, a time to celebrate and promote the contributions of women in the world.
In November of 1987, I gave birth in the plains of Nepal. Soon after, members of the Brahman (high caste) family I'd married into began literacy classes for women.

There is no word in English or in any language that I've found for parents who bury their children. It is not because the concept does not exist, but rather because such an act is against the natural order of events. It is not supposed to happen.
The Lahore Literary Festival is precisely a symbol of a battle, paying ode to devoted individuals, giving people cause and platform to believe that they can begin a conversation sharing their literary achievements, rather than the common defensive approach against terrorism.
Social change disruption, catalytic innovation -- whatever you want to call it -- the application of new ways of thinking about thorny issues that face our world is crucial to bridging the disconnect between different stakeholders, and forging a unified path.
The thought of kids failing in school because they lacked such a simple thing - breakfast - makes me crazy. But we can do something about it.
The business of philanthropy tends to rely on an emotional appeal to donors. Corporations are not necessarily driven to make donations for altruistic reasons nor are they influenced emotionally to support nonprofits -- much like individual donors.
Now, we need more people to become social entrepreneurs, driving positive change in society and the world. Perhaps no better option exists to get out of the present crises this world is facing.
At just 3 years old, Jeremy bloom had found his will to win. Determined to keep up with his siblings, Bloom hit the slopes with his grandfather who taught him to ski by throwing candy bars down the mountain as bait.
As trusted members of their communities, women play a crucial role in transforming whole neighborhoods and villages, and their influence is spreading even further thanks to mobile phones.

As we've grown, and as we've evaluated the progress of our key projects, we've often been frustrated by not being able to confidently answer two of the most basic bicycling questions
I never get when people say, \I have no regrets.\ I will continue to apologize forever for my idiocy.
What an honor to be in Cuba for the first celebration of One Billion Rising to end violence against women!

We all remember the Ice Bucket Challenge from last summer and its amazing success, raising money for research to cure ALS. What if that same spirit could be used to save children from starvation around the world?

I was first inspired to advocate for women and children when I saw my neighbor's daughter die during her first delivery in the hospital, simply because there was no midwife on duty. The unacceptably high rate of maternal mortality in my community keeps me motivated..
Anne Fontaine is one of France's most recognized fashion designers of the last 20 years. Originally from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, she had always wished to experience another rhythm of life to the one the city offered.
I spoke to the cast at rehearsals last month and marveled as the production evolved before my eyes into a singing, dancing powerhouse punctuated by dialogue that rings true and real.
One of the great privileges of being a part of the American Heart Association is the opportunity to work together with fellow health organizations, like Susan G. Komen, to achieve our shared goal of improving and saving lives.
When I speak with friends and note their despair about the state of the planet, I remind them that we are not inherently evil doers as some would conclude during these very dark times when heads are literally rolling; the results of a distortion of faith.
History is often a useful arbitrator of what's possible; for the many who imagine that debt forgiveness simply is not possible, it's worth remembering what happened sixty-one ago
Landfills are overflowing with cheaply made garments we discard after one wear and it's only a matter of time before the next human rights disaster makes the news.
Sharing, in its purest form, is communistic. It occurs when no one claims exclusive ownership. It happens when people share what they believe belongs to everyone, or to their particular community.
Sometimes, the things we resist can house the most potential. For me, it was technology. After understanding its usefulness, I embraced its potential to educate students.
When it comes to the recovery of a patient, no matter how small an improvement is, there is still a level of improvement that is taking place. Something as subtle as the blink of an eye can be a monumental milestone because in that split second you are witnessing a speck of light in a world that had the possibility of remaining in complete darkness.
This unprecedented sum will fully fund the immunization efforts supported through Gavi from 2016 - 2020, and put implementing countries on track to immunize 300 million children in the next five years, preventing between 5 and 6 million premature deaths in the process.
Two years ago, The Pollination Project started a daily giving practice, making daily $1000 grants to social change visionaries around the world. Since we started, 50 individuals and families have joined us, each giving $1 or more a day to support grantees in 55 countries. Here are the extraordinary people we supported this week.

You could watch the news and conclude that countering this threat from ISIS and al Qaeda is a \Muslim problem.\ That isn't the case however -- this is a threat that impacts the wellness of all of our communities and tests the strength of our founding principles.
Growing up, reading was my favorite hobby. I was obsessed with books. Indeed, books were best friends I would spent countless hours with and draw inspiration and strength from. With a book you are never alone.
The naysayers talk about the costs of putting someone in housing, others scoff and retort that they want free houses too. People get upset that their tax dollars go to support people who are lazy or who have made poor choices.

We can and must do better. And, now is our chance to do so because, at all levels of government, decisions about education funding levels, equity, teacher quality, class size, student supports and technology are being made right now.
Volunteerism, in a sense, is the easy way out. You merely need to open the door. After that, the act of giving takes over and can't help but leave your child in a better, brighter place.
After realizing that in a way all humans are like old keys -- unique, flawed, scarred and at risk of being discarded -- she wanted these keys to have their purpose renewed over and over again.
My interview with Ang Kaji has not be seen before, as I recently rediscovered it when preparing for a Sherpa Path speech.
The path forward for returning veterans can be bolstered by treatment, therapy, and medication; but is also too often marked by addiction and suicide. Ultimately, Brandon would find his footing in the same place that his relentless sense of adventure took him as a boy growing up outside Cleveland - the outdoors.
Two years ago The Pollination Project started a daily giving practice, making daily $1000 grants to social change visionaries around the world. Since we started, fifty more individuals and families have joined in, each giving $1 or more a day to support our grantees.


When I tell people I work on medical projects in Tanzania, many of them smile and make a joke about witch doctors. I smile back, knowing just how ignorant these people are. Some pretty advanced countries have questionable medical practices.
Well, the countdown to World Autism Awareness Day 2nd April 2015 has been going on for the past ten months, and things are starting to hot up as the preparations for this event approach their conclusion.
The Vineyard's reputation is that of an exclusive enclave for the rich and famous.  Presidents vacation here.  To the community that lives here it is a profound experience of contradictions.
In just two short weeks, Imelda will give birth to a brand new baby. Like most expectant mothers, it's a time filled with excitement and nervous anticipation as she prepares to welcome her second child into the world.

NBA All-Star Weekend is more than just a game and a few associated skills challenges. It celebrates the entire NBA culture, and that includes its charitable side.
For over a year I have been communicating with Comrade Mailk Washington, a man imprisoned in Texas. We have been exchanging stories of life, and finding common ground in our very different experiences, we have been discussing civil rights and social justice; over the course of this year I can say that we have become friends.


Somalia is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman, especially a pregnant woman. According to recent statistics, one in 18 Somali women die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth -- one of the highest lifetime risks of maternal death in the world.

I have a confession to make. I used to live someone else's life. I would wake up in the morning and think someone else's thoughts. I would spend all day at work trying to solve someone else's problems. I would struggle to find a way to live someone else's dreams.
What do you believe and why do you believe it? We have been living out of stories that we're told. Stories we tell ourselves about ourselves... stories history books tell us... the newspapers tell us.... our parents tell us...

Douar Ouled Dlim comprises just a part of the larger Guiche L'Oudaya, Rabat's guiche community. Today, these historically-significant communities are dwindling as their lands are sold and used for commercial and real estate development.
This is a tough film to watch. But it needs to be to get past a viewer's defenses against what is truly a challenge to imagine for those of us sheltered from war.
How many of you remember your first school crush? I remember mine. I waited for the tiniest glimpse of him in the hall on our way to lunch, and at the end of the day, I hurried out front just in case he didn't ride the bus and I might have a chance to see him on the steps talking with his friends.
I grew up in a small town called Messina, near the border between South Africa and Zimbabwe. I was part of a huge family. I lived with my mother, and my father lived nearby. I blocked out a lot of my childhood memories (good/bad) until recently. Never wanted to think about my childhood.
The nature of foster care in the United States creates at least two mindsets that are particularly damaging to foster children. These do not arise from experiences within the system, and from adult perceptions, that focus on failure.
After the great engagement from last year's National Community Google+ Hangout, we are eager to continue the conversation on advancing the AAPI community this year and beyond.
As chance dictates I am writing from Paris, the scene of the latest, though not the largest, horrendous clash between \representatives\ of the civilizations of Muslim religious believers and western Judeo Christian believers.
Her concept, \Name the Rescue,\ is simple
I am a cancer researcher is a way of saying that you are empowered as a cancer patient.
In a small way, we are co-creators of the Internet every time we log on, send a text or upload a photo. In what might seem to be in an insignificant way, we add to the tone, tenor and nature of the web by our actions, by what we contribute and by what we choose not to respond to.
We are using three approaches to communications in order to broaden our impact. These approaches apply to foundations and nonprofits alike. The first is to communicate proactively with the media to educate the public.
We need to focus on keeping families in their homes, providing children stability, and restoring trust and respect between families and banks, law enforcement, and our government. \Hands Up. Don't Foreclose.\
We say FGC can end in the next generation, but once the practice is legitimized like this, it becomes more and more of an uphill task. We call on international organizations and others to step up.

With long waiting lists of Americans vying to adopt, how can sending American children to Australia or elsewhere be seen as anything but the commodification of children for profit?
Most people who drink think that people who don't drink are, at best, missing something and, at worst, are living in what they imagine to be a depressed state of sobriety.  Nothing could be further from the truth.

Three dancers from the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater made their annual appearance at the Cotting School, New England's oldest and best-known school for young people with special needs.
We're all aware of income inequality and the need for initiatives to address common societal issues. Yet we don't often hear about whether programs meant to help people really solve the problems at hand, because few steps are taken to actually assess the outcomes, leaving evaluation of the initiatives to little more than a gut feeling.
We all want to achieve a sense of meaning in our own lives. But to find that path -- and make it real -- you must turn outward. After all, you cannot pursue your true desires if you are facing in the wrong direction.
While the common conjecture may be that summer is the most important time for us here at Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation, the beginning of the year brings with it some special inspiration as well.

With the help of other women prisoners she called her fellow prison mates and coached them with strict instructions. C\u00e9cile gave birth to Christelle at 40 weeks on an average, early Monday morning, but a day pitted in deep sorrow and sadness for her.
In a time when so many people are still struggling with unemployment and debt, even seemingly inconsequential gives of money -- or larger than usual tips -- can change that person's outlook on life.

I was walking down a street in one of Seattle's toniest neighborhoods with my 25-year-old daughter and another young woman. We were part of Seattle/King County's One Night Count of the homeless, a massive effort to document the number of \unsheltered\ persons on a random winter night.
Although the movie is deeply moving -- and yes, sad -- it contains a powerful message that continues to resonate with me. So would I have had it any other way? Not a chance.
I have the privilege of making seed grants to social change leaders around the world. Here are the extraordinary people and projects that our community of givers supported this week.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu appeared at a press conference hosted by the Greater New Orleans Foundation to officially proclaim May 5, 2015 GiveNOLA day.
The last two weeks have been very eventful. At long last, I have Galen, a smooth coated, sable Shiloh Shepherd puppy. A friend and I drove to Arizona to pick him up and bring him home to Colorado.
If substance use disorder, misuse of drugs and alcohol along with the rising overdose rate is viewed as a health crisis why are drug policies still seeking solutions within the criminal justice system?
For the first time ever, millions of Africans will be able to access local laws and information about their rights at the click of a mouse or the push of a phone button. The public impact is already palpable.
Domestic violence is a pervasive, complicated public health issue that requires an equally pervasive and multi-layered response.
When one woman succeeds, we all succeed. I have seen it. So take action today, whatever it may be, because when you empower others, you empower yourself... you change lives, including your own. And that's how you change the world. It's up to us, ladies. We can do it... together!
This \Love Your Pet Day,\ donate to animal shelters and organizations to help care for these innocent animals. Volunteer at your local shelter to help the animals cope with being alone. No one wants to be alone, and your simple act of kindness goes a long way for animals that don't have anyone.
Think about it. We rarely discuss or even ponder what it means to be an American in our daily lives. When was the last time you sat down and said to yourself, or thought for a moment, or even said in a prayer
The project was founded on the recognition that, in addition to traditional prevention strategies, such as condom use, the underlying causes of risky behavior need to be addressed. Additionally, there needs to be widened access to HIV services if the next generation is to be AIDS-free.

I am about to submit an entry to the Guinness Book of World Records for the most laconic taxi driver on the planet. On a recent trip to Tanzania, my colleagues and I were on our way to the city of Bukoba on the western side of Lake Victoria.
From the standpoint of a person in childhood, domestic violence is violence between your parents, or violence towards a parent, perhaps from a significant other or a stepparent.  And this violence can be physical or non-physical.
That's a question I would have asked as recently as early November of this past year. Unfortunately, I am now all too familiar with what it is. I have 26 year old fraternal twin daughters who were just diagnosed with this devastating genetic disorder. My husband and I were unsuspecting carriers of a recessive gene.
We live in an era of immense hope for the future of cancer research and the quest for new and promising treatments.  The identification of new genetic mutations as viable markers for therapeutic development is driving researchers and clinicians to focus on specific pathways for targeted therapies.
Kevin Costner has taken on race in his new movie Back or White. But really it's about family. What he's done is shine a light on the changing face of families in America and reminded us of what's important.

Perhaps you won't even write much down. That's OK. But I guarantee that you'll be full of thought throughout your day. In fact, the harder these questions are to think about, the more likely it is that you need this in your life.
They were civilians standing in line at the Rinat Akhmetov Humanitarian Centre in Donetsk, Ukraine. This was aid they needed because of the war between the government and pro-Russian separatists.
When anyone gives anything with good heart, he or she becomes a philanthropist -- a conduit and a catalyst for love. So, if you think you have nothing to give, think again.


Though some see it as antiquated, ageism is a real factor for many women I see, especially those who fall into the \middle-age\ bracket and find themselves subject to stereotypes.

When I worked as an outreach case manager in Los Angeles, nothing was more heartbreaking than when I would have to turn a homeless family away because U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development didn't feel the family was \homeless enough.\

There are side effects to time outdoors
It's clear that war exacts much more than a physical toll, yet we seem to train for combat in war without considering the other levels of mental, emotional and moral injury.
Careers for women in technology get an undeservedly bad rap.
There are many reasons why you shouldn't do service work
Studies have found that by age 4, children in lower income families have heard 30 million fewer words than their more affluent peers. This disparity in hearing words directly translates into a disparity in learning words
When you are a child, reading alone can be lonely. If you don't know the meaning of a word, there's no one to ask, and if you stumble on a pronunciation, no one will help you smooth it out. So we decided to design a pilot program called \Pajama Program Reading Buddy Plus.
I was caught in a moment of raw humanity. I was not staring into the eyes of a junkie. I was not staring into the eyes of a con man. I was looking into the eyes of a fellow human being who was suffering and who was grateful for my help.

\Murder.\ \Rape.\  \Corruption.\ \Dying from poverty and hunger.\ Open an Indian newspaper these days, and these are the stories you are likely to find.  Out of these stories, our collective consciousness is built, which affects what we believe and how and why we choose to act.
Most organization leaders were concerned that even their own staff members couldn't 100% accurately relay their mission. So where does the breakdown happen?
Days after delivering a stillborn child, Umuhoza had grown terribly ill, She was running a fever, barely able to walk and incontinent. Her mother grew increasingly concerned and knew she had to get Umuhoza to a hospital, even though it was hours from their rural village in northwest Rwanda.
If his K-20 proposal actually becomes law, thousands of young people whose hopes for college seemed as remote as landing a corner office job will have an entry into a world of possibility. They will have access to both a college and career pathway for the array of jobs requiring Associates degrees or certification.

During her passionate speech about her organization and its mission, she shared how as a child and into her teen years, she was a victim of continued sexual abuse.

If I think \I am building muscle and cutting fat to 12 percent\ yet I'm sitting on a couch and eating chips and guacamole (which are totally delicious), then this positive affirmation will be as substantial as a cloud. It will wisp away with the very next bite.
A national nonprofit, College For Every Student (CFES), \u00ad\u00adis searching for five schools to participate in a high-impact program that will help low-income students become college and career ready. The five schools will receive Closing the Gap awards through support from private donors.
Not every homeless person is mentally ill, but a large percentage within the chronically homeless population face mental-behavioral health recovery and so we need quality, community-based care in tandem with affordable housing to help them.

We should all be immensely grateful for and supportive of the organizations who look after the women in the Sudanese refugee camps. At the same time, it can be too easy to overlook the fact that the person who needs your humanitarian heart may also be right under your nose.

As the leader of a nonprofit organization that is experiencing rapid growth, I have strived to create a culture of accountability in order to improve our performance to achieve the organization's mission.
It is important to know that even though it is easy to paint all grieving families of deceased military members with the same brush, we are very different and have very different experiences.
One of the main reasons we are seeing such extreme sexual violence in South Sudan is the country's pervasive culture of impunity. The perpetrators -\u202f- including\u202f members of the police, army\u202f and armed militias\u202f -- know that there is no rigorous justice system and almost no risk of consequences.
My first trip to Ghana was almost five years ago. Like many visitors who have traveled there, I fell in love with the people and the country; I returned from the trip with a desire to contribute, and help Africa develop and grow.
There is one more thing we learned through The Mentoring Effect

I was looking toward my future with hope, excitement and anticipation, it was a new chapter in life for me and I couldn't wait for what lay ahead. Until one day, everything I knew and everything I was looking forward to changed in the matter of a split second.
War takes a horrific physical and emotional toll on our soldiers and their families, and we are currently not providing them adequate care and support. We must unite around our commitment and honor their service by adequately addressing their health and well-being.
In Mexico, a few thousand abused women rose up, and we have prevented a huge amount of trafficking. If one billion women rise, is there anything we would not be able to achieve?

We all, naturally and overwhelmingly, develop prejudice, fears and reluctances of the unknown. And so, this same reluctance might make it so we miss people along the way. People who could have integrated into our lives in a very meaningful way.


Already an experienced youth worker with an MBA, Ali quit her job four months after starting the pilot program, immediately realizing that addressing issues of systemic social injustice, poverty, and marginalization would require her attention full-time.
Spurred by recent tragic events, our country should commit to investing in more opportunities for all young Americans by bringing national service programs to scale in order to heal divisions in our society and realize Dr. King's vision of a beloved community.

By standing with Memphis sanitation workers and calling on the city to treat these black workers with dignity and respect, MLK taught us that racial and economic justice are intrinsically linked.  That lesson inspires me today, because 47 years later, the fight isn't over for black and Latino workers.

Several of my favorite King quotes speak powerfully to an idea that I believe can help advance King's vision for America. That idea is large-scale, voluntary national service as a civic rite of passage.
From handing out condoms on township streets, to encouraging neighbors, community leaders and friends to attend the meetings held at GAPA, these elder women are becoming the social fabric tying together their community in a band of resistance against HIV/AIDS.
Every New Year dreams are launched. Resolutions made. Goals are set. We spend time reflecting and wondering about what the future holds. Will we reach our goals? Will we know success? How can we improve and adjust?
As students return to their institutions of higher learning this month to greet the new year and start of the spring semester, what will the climate be like as it relates to the attitudes and perspectives towards campus violence and sexual assault?

While J. Lo wiped away her tears on national television, and I did the same with more privacy, I wanted to praise you, thank you, and shout from the rooftops about you.
Is it impossible to find sisterhood?  I can answer an emphatic no after a lifetime of gathering loyal supporters, but I also recall moments in my life where I was abused by girls who called themselves my friends.  And apparently I am not alone.
One in five children--a full fifth of the world's child population--don't get all the vaccines they need to be protected against deadly diseases like measles, pneumonia, and whooping cough.



In this moment of post-attack fog as the world tries to get back to normal, I urge you all, whether leaders in title or in conviction, not to poke the bear. Find a way forward that comes from a quest for understanding, soul-searching and peaceful resolution.
I live in Oakland, the most diverse city in America. Unfortunately, the tech workforce here does not reflect this richness of talent. The girls in my community can be part of the solution to expand and diversify the tech workforce.
As I think about cold winter weather, I always remember that there is a population of homeless people who are truly at risk when exposed to the elements.
Getting your first job, setting up your first business, taking your first degree are opportunities that should be available and accessible to all young people in the UK, but as we know truth is they are not.
No, social media won't return the girls. But it got my attention and probably yours. It's been said by the demonstrators what is needed is a renewed campaign to once again gain mindshare of a distracted world.
Milions of people are walking around with titanium inserts, thanks to professor Branemark. Millions of people are smiling with confidence, thanks to \the father of modern dental implants\, as he is often called.
I'm an English major, member of the Dog Writers Association of America, and big fan of animal rescue, so my heart did cartwheels when I heard about \Poetic Dogs.\

Great photos can be lifelong treasures; as Eudora Welty once said, \A good snapshot stops a moment from running away.\
Roughly one in five people are believed to suffer enduring loneliness and the incidence of loneliness tends to grow -- and is increasing -- among older populations.

Some things never change. In Haiti, no matter the century or decade in question, one can be certain that
The decision of Taiwan's Ma administration to release former President Chen Shui Bian brought joy and relief to many of Mr. Chen's followers. But joy quickly turned to grief when the public learned the release was for 30 days only.
The real test of a community is not its immediate reaction to grief -- but its tenacity. Even after a shooting that rocked us to the core, we can't turn inward. Even after plummeting into a vortex of grief, we can't turn isolationist. Even after numbness, we can't turn away.
To truly channel, all we have to do is \be\ ourselves. After all, we're all unique channels to an infinite source -- and when we want to be inspired, lifted from a place that might keep us from rising to our very best self, all we have to do is listen.


I have a coffee shop scene burned in my mind that I cannot seem to shake
As far as global health causes go, sterilization is decidedly un-glamorous. It's not new -- the underlying concept has been understood for nearly two centuries; nor is it thought of as technologically cutting-edge -- the standard method of sterilization in most places is still the steam-based autoclave.
Just \moving the herd\ is not a solution.  I think forty years is long enough to wait for the problem to go away.  Let's put that on the top of the list for 2015.
It also discusses the future of beauty as we progress into a more technologically advanced and digital world. Here's the condensed version of the second half of the speech.

I wonder and remain optimistic that International Yoga Day is not only shifting the body, but it becomes an official day where everyone can choose to shift their minds towards a more empowered state.
What if I told you that the cure for cancer will come from the mind of a Hispanic girl in South Central Los Angeles? Or that the invention that will replace the Internet will come from the imagination of a Black boy from Harlem?
These may be heady questions, but now that we're 15 years into the 21st Century--yes, that's a jawdropper when you think about it--and the future has, basically, arrived, ironically, we find ourselves in the midst of another phenomena

Hope seems to have fallen by the way side of life today to the point that what most humans are striving for is becoming more and more difficult to achieve.
Just as \angel investors\ look for talented graduates from Stanford, and parents with wealth look to invest in the talents of their kids, those of us wanting to be helpful can also seek out families and groups of families that are helping themselves and one another.
As children we knew that nobody ever went into the cornfield alone. Not even the brash neighborhood bully who loved to chase me down and sit on my chest. Even he would pale at the thought. The only way to navigate the maze was to stick together.
Did you know that young males with organized college dorm rooms that have a sports d\u00e9cor tend to be conservative? Or that liberals are more likely to have messy rooms? Or that displaying inspirational posters sometimes signals a neurotic tendencies?
Leonard Peltier has been in prison since 1977 in spite of overwhelming calls for clemency. It is enough now.  Clemency is long past due for Leonard Peltier.

Growing up in poverty increases the chances that an American will continue to live in poverty as an adult. That's of course bad for the people directly affected and also bad for the economy. Furthermore, it casts a long shadow on The American Dream.
In this globalized world of consumption we live in, rarely do we stop to think about where our goods actually come from, who cultivated them or what life is like for the people at the beginning of the production chain. When you open a pack of sugar and empty it into your tea or coffee, do you ever consider the process of how that sugar ended up on your table? Do you ever think about what the people are like at each step of the production
In an age of almost complete transparency, doing good is critical if you want to keep your license to do business.  Consumers hesitate to buy from you, but worse, employees won't even apply to your company.  How could they

After my diagnosis, I felt my own fellowship form. My parents came together to do their best to protect me; they protected me from germs, infections, depression, and loneliness. My best friend and sister provided levity in a dark time much like Merry and Pippin. I met another cancer survivor who proved to be a great guide on my journey, showing me the path to recovery.
Unfortunately, given the cost of housing in some areas of the country--usually attributable to the artists and/or the art and cultural districts, which have grown up around them--it is probably too late. A crisis is looming.
Here's a New Year's resolution for the Pentagon


So this is the day, the last of days. Three hundred and sixty-five days of protests, lay-ins, new laws, broken laws, innocent jailing, pride, nationalism, fear and hope. This day, without failure, wipes the windshield of mud and dirt, eternally with the promise of change.
I am and will continue to pray for you, my sister. Many things may not make sense right now, but have hope in a God who knows and sees more than we do. Where we see no open doors, He sees one that we don't even know exists. You are very strong, and you are very loved.

This week we ring in the new year and declare, \Out with the old!\ and, \In with the new!\ The new year makes people welcome change. We make resolutions defining what will better about our lives in the coming year.
2014 was one of the worst years ever for in many ways.  It opened up lots of unpleasant doors, but as the clich\u00e9 goes, for a writer, everything is material, no matter how awful. Even when we're suffering, part of us is observing the situation and thinking, \This would make a great story.\
World Economic Forum in Davos focuses on brain research, ethical leadership, renewable energy and the global sharing economy. The conference will stream LIVE in late January. I will sit ready with popcorn and my notebook.
Once we get past the idea that racism rests with a few prejudiced, hate-filled individuals and accept that all white people uphold a system of racism in our daily choices and actions, there is a lifetime of constructive, life-affirming work to fight racism ahead of us.
There is no shortage of Holocaust memorials, museums and foundations dedicated solely to preserving the history of Nazi crimes against Europe's Jews during the Second World War. Yet there is a shortage of funds for financial aid for survivors.
We went to Reynolds High School in Troutdale, Oregon, to spend the day and learn more about Challenge Day and the difference the workshop makes on students.
This holiday season, my mother and I hosted a crowdfunding campaign to raise funds for our local Humane Society animal shelter.

The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami killed more than 35,000 people in Sri Lanka, injuring more than 21,000. Over 1,000 children were orphaned and more than 7,000 children lost one parent.
Including the controlling of partners as a part of the definition of domestic violence aids in transferring people's attention from the question of \why do they stay?\ to \how can we help them leave?\
Why have we come to a time where the police are often seen as intimidating, authoritative figures separate from the communities where they serve and live? Rather than a division of people against police, in which both police and the citizens are on guard, can we rebuild trust? Aggression begets aggression.
It may be my writing sense that has always made me notice and feel the little things that no one else seems to pay attention to; very often, to my own annoyance and to the exasperation of others.
Last week marked the 10th anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake or Asian Tsunami Disaster, which killed an estimated 230,000 people in 14 countries. It elicited one of the greatest outpourings of humanitarian response ever from the global community.
It's hard. I'm still learning. But 20 years of this work has convinced be that it is the only way for us to be equipped to create lasting and continual change.
2014 saw an unprecedented number of humanitarian crises around the globe. At the same time, this year's mid-term congressional elections brought partisan tensions to new highs inside the Washington Beltway.
Most people view this desire to give back as \charity.\ The arrogant thought that people in need deserve our help. What we neglect to understand is that we need to engage our hearts, minds and yes, our pocketbooks, because it helps us too.
10 years on, let's take a moment to remember lives lost, and fundamentally changed in an instant.  And let's pause to reflect and wonder at the resilience and hope within all of us. Today, almost anywhere on Sri Lanka's coastline, you would hardly know the magnitude of horrors endured there.
WHIAAPI is honored to share with you a number of memorable moments in 2014. Please check out some of our photo and video highlights from the year and tweet your favorites using the hashtag #WHIAAPI.
For those of us fighting to end homelessness in America, the year of 2014 gives us hope that strategic ideas and initiatives are actually working, albeit slowly. Here are our top highlights of 2014.

The video game industry has much to be thankful for as we continue to witness the robust economic impact that we have on the U.S. economy as well as the positive social impact that we create through the ESA Foundation, our industry's philanthropic arm.
Here, attorney Steven Wise, who heads the Nonhuman Rights Project (NhRP), provides a very important clarification of the court's decision.
Eight months into the outbreak, a dedicated Ebola treatment facility for Sierra Leonean health workers who contract the virus still does not exist. There is a dedicated center for foreign healthcare workers, but Sierra Leonean health workers are not admitted.
CARE packages of food were delivered to the hungry in countries still recovering from World War II. It was as if Santa Claus packed his sled with enough food to feed the world.
Suzy is one of sixty-seven pachyderms living in terrible conditions in Indian circuses, despite a nationwide ban on the use of elephants in such shows. The next step for Suzy and the others is to find their way to safety thanks to Wildlife S.O.S.
Since November the United States has been free of the Ebola Virus. However, that's not true for other parts of the world. One such country is Sierra Leone.
CDC is America's health protection agency. Along with our many governmental and private sector partners, we're working 24/7to find, stop, and prevent disease - in every state, throughout our nation, and in many countries around the globe.
Following her injury, Leigh was suddenly compelled to recite and write poetry, generate equations, paint and dance, not to mention get manicures and pedicures for the first time.
But then, you heard your son's questions and you cut him off. You told him \She could run you over!\ as you laughed a condescending laugh and pulled him away. It seems you entirely missed the point of what could have been a perfect teachable moment. And it stung.
The Awards, presented at the sixth annual Millennium Campus Conference at Lynn University, recognized influencers who use their global platforms for good.
This \war against education\ from the Taliban has effectively crippled the future of Pakistan, ensuring that the vast human potential of the nation will be going to waste. However, in the wake of the attack in Peshawar, there needs to be a concerted attempt by the state and people of Pakistan to reform and support the education system.
Based on the headlines I've read recently, the news is good on the unemployment front. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' most recent summary report, the unemployment rate has dropped to 5.8 percent -- the lowest it has been since 2008.

From remote resettlement to same-place resettlement, and from government-led upgrading to grassroots initiatives, it is clear that the debate on solutions for informal communities is a hotly contested one.
Motherhood is a universal journey, and that access to good information is a universal right. We believe that small shifts in understanding can perpetuate great shifts toward healthy behaviors.
I realize that cancer, cinema, crowdfunding and Twitter don't usually go together. Especially, cancer and a film called Funeral Day. However, about a month ago I followed a tweet and several clicks later found myself on the crowdfunding page for Funeral Day on Seed&Spark.

I don't think I would have had the time to study what I've always wanted, start my own business, travel the world, give lectures in lots of different places and publish a children's book, without knowing that the most limited thing I've got is my time here on earth.
This holiday I celebrate my faith and I give thanks for the gift of friendship.\u00a0I was never blessed with a silver spoon. Instead, I received friends who never cease to amaze me with their love and unfailing support.
ver 60,000 women work in more than 22 Red Light Districts in Kolkata, India, alone. Sarah and Kristin wanted to create an alternative for Pinkie, and for all of the women wanting to leave or were vulnerable to the sex industry.
This staggering death toll of mothers and babies -- at least two-thirds of whom could be saved with adequate care -- represents one of the greatest health challenges of the 21st century.

It is true that individuals and local economies have felt the sting of western companies' policies to require minerals that come from Congo, Rwanda, and the region to prove that they originate from conflict-free mines.
To all of you who, like me, struggle through this time of year


Two of the staff are women and he treats them the same and pays them the same as the two men. But Eli, despite his formal education and three trips to the U.S., is still very conservative about male/female roles.
Your mental health story is so important, tell and share it in my storytelling campaign #MyMentalHealthStory. Your story can make a big difference to someone struggling right now.
If you are not a caregiver but know someone who is, consider volunteering your services to give them a break from caregiving. Especially during the busy holiday season, the gift of respite is likely to be gratefully accepted.

One of the best parts of my job at WorkerAnts.com is volunteering at various charities. I love finding new organizations and talking with people who are helping others.
We're giving to a person who is working hard and trying to support her family on minimum wage and $2 tips. But this moment of giving is not just for her -- it's also for us.
\There is no more compassionate and effective way to help poor people in New York City than to give to Robin Hood.\
\I feel lucky to be able to work in a field with people who believe that we can solve problems and that the world can be better, even on a small scale helping one other person. It is electric and re-energizes me every day to want to do more too.\
We had a wonderful time and enjoyed all the attractions of that great city -- good hotels, excellent restaurants, exciting theater and world class museums.
Even among social media users, it's the messenger, not the medium, that's key to motivating social media users to donate to charity, suggesting that personal appeals from friends matter more than trending topics and gimmicks.
Cody is one of the many people who have benefited from YAI's Mainstreaming at Camp Program, which offers inclusive, safe and caring summer camp opportunities to children with disabilities in partnership with Frost Valley YMCA.

One minute, one camera, and one boy... is all it took to convey the tragedy of millions of childhoods lost to conflict in the Middle East.
America is becoming a majority of minorities. Hispanics are in a better position than black Americans, not only because they were motivated to come here, but their literary heritage wasn't stunted, although not well-developed.


Ten years ago we founded The Charles Bronfman Prize. The intent was to create an early recognition of endeavor, rather than a lifetime achievement award, as a way to amplify important work and make a difference in the careers of those working for social change.
When people discuss school shootings, what immediately comes to mind are those like Sandy Hook that shatter entire communities within minutes, even seconds. And yes, mass shootings take a devastating toll, but they are not the only senseless acts of gun violence that threaten our schools.
In the days and weeks following December 14, 2012 I was left reeling. I was searching for answers (that would never come), desperately trying to regain a sense of security and safety.
In a majority of states, it is completely legal to open carry a loaded gun in public without any training, permitting, or a background check.
Today, Natalie is no longer concerned with pretend monsters because she learned -- in the worst way imaginable -- about the real threats to our families and communities.
Today, almost every child in India enters primary education but the majority exit this pipeline without basic literacy skills. It will take decades before quality improvements in primary schools can guarantee that most children become good readers.
So how can we learn to live with less? And maybe we should all be asking ourselves the question, \what is the definition of a good life?\
Both government forces and the rebels were letting the convoy go through. But there was another obstacle close to their destination, a partially collapsed bridge. It was another casualty of war. Trucks could not pass.
We cannot ignore this simple truth
Ask anyone who has been out of work for an extended period of time, and you will surely hear that being unemployed is far more difficult than what their last job actually demanded of them.
My sister and I visited our friend there as we live relatively close by in Los Angeles. She was one of about 40 terminally ill patients from around the world who had struggled to raise the money to try this one last ditch attempt at life.
In my dual role as Director of Community Engagement and Teaching Artist at Luna Dance Institute in Berkeley, California I use the skills I honed on a daily basis -- talking, writing and teaching dance.



Every day in the United States, with just the \click\ of a button millions of Americans apply for employment. It's so effortless, in fact, that I can type this piece, pause for one or two seconds and CLICK; I just applied for a job, in literally, a blink.
It was this research and my own experiences that made me want to do something to change the situation, I didn't want to be ashamed about this and didn't want others to be.
Just as a patient with a weak immune system is more susceptible to disease, the Ebola crisis reminds us that a nation with a weak health system is more susceptible to epidemics.

For every child to have the opportunity to attain an excellent education, we need our teacher education to empower our teachers with belief in the potential of every child, to offer best-in-class pedagogical practices, and to enable them to take ownership of their own development journey.

I've done a lot of seemingly crazy things in my life, usually for fun. Two years ago I donated a kidney to my husband out of love. And on Saturday night, I hiked 3,267 vertical feet up Aspen Mountain to support organ donation (well, and because there was lasagna and beer at the top).
There is compelling evidence that monetary incentives to purchase fruits and vegetables work, and this new research suggests that they work in many different types of neighborhoods.
After my accident, it would have been easy for me to give up. I'm proud that I didn't give up, that I expected so much from myself, and from my community.
\The message I have to fellow women in Malawi
Fleet Street is now an oasis in a place, which would otherwise seem desolate. Inspiration lies in the simplicity of this beautiful concept. It is hoped that the projects will continue to progress to other at-risk communities -- continuing to break down barriers while transforming lives.
So come on all you Bilbo Baggins, Captain Ahabs, Harry Potters, Anne of Green Gables and Katniss Everdeens. I know you are out there and we need you to win this one. Because how this story ends affects us all.

For the past year, Kula\u00a0has been working in rural Rwanda developing relationships with farmers; learning about their greatest needs and getting their ideas on how to solve the community's most pressing problems.
In the UK we live in one of the richest nations on earth. Yet it's also a country where the greatest predictor of educational success is your parent's income.
It casts a shadow that's bigger than my body. It has left scars that run deeper than my flesh and bone. It haunts me -- but I know I wouldn't have the life that I have without it.
The root word for spirituality means \breath of life.\ It is the breath of life that feeds our humanity, our values, our sense of connection to all sentient beings, our spiritual pulse and our uniqueness as individuals. Our life needs spirit and our spirit needs breath.

Among the hundreds of programs that scholar Ron Haskins examined for his persuasive new book on social policy, one stands out in his mind
Thanks to Vincent, Francois and Thabo, South African prisoner rape survivors have, for the first time, been given a human face.
One wonders why the reality of giving thanks has to be accompanied by the jazz of human activity?

Dr. Ibrahim (let's just agree to call him Mo) opened the discussions with a charge


Only time will tell if the UN Refugee Agency's critical efforts will have the potency and persuasion to effect systemic change among these communities, but during these 16 Days of Activism we're thankful for every effort that combats this violence perpetuated against the world's most innocent and vulnerable populations.
As well intentioned as we are in our dialogues and in our actions, the truth is as a society we haven't yet focused on the source of what has engendered the racial divide in the first place.
I have been blessed with this ESP. I gladly concede to this clairvoyant gift so long as my husband remains untouched -- but that is impossible. The demon is sewn to my husband's soul. We can lock him up, but he will never leave us.
Now with this fresh, open wound in the \city that never sleeps\ we have an opportunity to never fall asleep again and become conscious to our own source of power that gives us life to speak and act in truth that sets every person free.

The issue has become too big for us to ignore. American's have become less trusting of big business, big government, and big media. But what is most alarming is an intensifying loss of faith in each other.
Looking back, if there's one piece of advice I could offer to jobseekers this International Volunteer Day, it's that volunteering can have as much value for the volunteer as it does for the community or organization they serve.
I thought often, many times, after I left, that I should adopt Uriel.  If I had the means I would have done so.   I wondered what future I would have saved him from if I had.  He was 11, so smart, so rebellious, so angry...



We salute all parents in the audience tonight who created families thru adoption, me included. November is National Adoption Month. I thank all of you who were inspired to support the kids \left behind\ after you adopted your children.
\Strategic storytelling\ is a new notion
This is not your everyday classroom. And these are not your everyday students. This is The Barefoot College, an NGO which aims to empower rural communities to become sustainable and self-sufficient by creating Rural Solar Engineers.
Despite the traditional bustle we find ourselves in during the holiday season, let's pause for a moment and reflect on the last time someone shared joy with us. Whether someone shared a kind smile, held a door or offered a helping hand, it sure does feel good to recognize all of the joy.

The Ebola crisis is not a health crisis. It is at its core a crisis of crushing poverty where health services are nonexistent or inadequate.
They had all the love in their hearts but not the dollars in the bank. And it takes money to raise a child.
Some years ago, I realized that if I was going to fulfill my childhood dream of volunteering overseas, it was now or never. Six months later, I was on my way to Uganda, having left my job and my life in London behind.
We find Chinese teenagers who come to Hyde to prepare for American universities begin to emulate American values by expressing their unique potentials -- initiative, creativity and enterprise -- and become far more confident individuals, leaders and attractive candidates in careers beyond college.
Millions of children live outside of parental care and are warehoused in institutions. So many in fact, that we cannot even get an accurate count. Why?
On World AIDS Day in 2012, the New York City-based \artists' peace corps\ Sing for Hope marked the twentieth anniversary of the classical music world's first organized response to the AIDS crisis.
I am not sure how I stumbled upon the Practical Initiatives Network (PIN) website, but when I did I was thrilled to see it.
The prevalence of extreme poverty is steadily shrinking and the world is slowly getting better. But is the MDGs framework responsible for this progress?

FEMSA is turning to social entrepreneurship, to social businesses, because they understand that they will reach their sustainability goals and build stable, healthy communities much faster if they do so.
When you find something you love, whether its science, writing or giving back, make sure you follow it for as far as it will take you and be persistent.
Immediately, my mind began racing with questions
Saving world heritage sites is one thing. Activating them as economic and social assets for the local community is another project altogether.
At the age of 8 I was given a vision.  At the time, the message came across in a time-stood-still-moment, an inner knowing.  Though it seemed the mission was special, I suspect that all of us, at one time or another, are similarly awakened to know why we are here and what our unique life purpose is.

Tailored and integrated youth-friendly HIV and sexual and reproductive health services for adolescents -- including those from the most marginalized groups -- must be prioritized if we are to bring about an end to AIDS.

On Tuesday, December 2, 2014, charities, families, businesses, community centers, and students around the world will come together for one common purpose
When you sit down for a meal on Giving Tuesday, you can set aside a place for a \silent guest,\ one of the world's hungry. Then you could make a donation to a charity, the cost of feeding your \silent guest.\
This is the classic story of how not finishing first -- or second, or third -- or not even technically completing a racing event can still represent a triumph and be a touching story of true grit, determination and, above all, of selfless devotion to a cause.
I have no doubt that those who give donations to charities or NGOs working in developing nations have good intentions and are trying to help; the problem is that, most times, this isn't the most effective way to help.
Nonprofits that are used to relying on super donors writing hefty checks need to learn to embrace a better way
One recent event held by the Osborne Association, an organization that the Foundation supports, really opened my eyes on the need to offer assistance to both incarcerated individuals and their families.
Every part of what is now just known as #Ferguson is a tragedy. Loss of life, loss of community, loss of businesses, loss of reputation, loss of faith. It has become something bigger than me, bigger than all of us, and represents many different struggles.
Fifteen years ago I was excitedly packing my surfboards, destined for my first trip to the Disneyland of surfing, the Mentawai Islands. At the time I was on a roll, a successful doctor, climbing the corporate ladder.

Thanksgiving and Christmastime is here and the charity of heart is up. We wish for you that love light your way, that charity guide your heart, and that the optimistic cautionary tale be that your loved ones remain safe.
Here are just a few of the ways some of our favorite celebrities and their families give back over the holidays. You can add some of this same star power to your Thanksgiving this year by getting together with your loved ones to help make someone else's Thanksgiving holiday special.
We can look to politicians or the judicial system for change, but in a representative democracy, the government doesn't change until the people it represents change. Here are eight things we can learn from the current situation in Ferguson, Missouri and the surrounding region.

Over the past 10 years, we have spoken to hundreds of people across North America and documented stories about life, work, passion and purpose from social disrupters, ethical innovators and positive changemakers.

Most people think about soup kitchens on Thanksgiving, and there's no doubt that helping at a homeless shelter is a terrific way to give back on this day, and any day.

A nonprofit doesn't need to be a huge, international organization in order to make its presence felt and make a difference in peoples' lives.
November is Native American Indian Month.  As we rev up for the first of seasonal festive Holidays - Thanksgiving - we may gratefully recall how much of this traditional feast - maize, corn, pumpkin, cranberries...- was introduced to our forebears by the original native population.

I am an American, a citizen of the United States of America. I will not forget how I got here.  I will not forget that my ancestors were welcomed. I, too, have immigration to this great country in my veins. I am very proud of it. And, I will not let it be forgotten.
Providing a better education, that connects to the values of entrepreneurship and private sector skills, will be key for this generation -- as the WISE community knows well.
While it is crucial that the rest of the world deliver medical aid to help Liberia meet the massive need for health care, the secondary consequences of the outbreak should not be ignored. Besides containing Ebola, Liberians need food and basic supplies. They need assistance for non-Ebola related health issues. They need creative solutions in education.
Ultimately, it's an important step in the vision to ensure access to clean, continuous water for everyone.. not just today, but forever.

To our Western eyes, the pit latrines at Byimana Primary School looked like a set of brick ruins -- without roofs, open to the sky and weather, absent doorways, massive holes in the side walls -- leaving any user embarrassingly exposed.


It's true that because of local and global inequalities most women I lived among in our village in Nepal didn't have the means to broadcast their voices far. But they still had voices -- many voices
For nonprofits and social enterprises to be successful, we need passionate people with phenomenal skills in place.  Once you have made the decision that you're ready to dedicate your career to a specific social cause, it can be hard to know where to start.

As the trauma in Israel/Palestine rages on, I try to keep my focus on growing peace between people, far from politics, wherever I see the light. Meet my friend Tali. Her life story is more stunning than most, but it is what she does with her experience, that makes her a poster child for love.
Prison really is the worst place in the world to put a child. Which is why, as a response to juvenile criminality, it should only ever be considered a response of absolute last resort.
The real winners in life aren't decided by the final score, who crosses the finish line first (or last), but rather how you choose to deal with the challenges presented to you.
Though it may test our American sensibilities to admit it, the truth is the group of Christians who founded America's first colony in 1607 in Jamestown did so under communist principles.

I had no background in social services, my master's degree was in business, not people. I was comfortable with numbers and logical solutions, not with stories and messy circumstances.

Saving the lives of women and children takes financial resources, political will, and savvy advocates who are undaunted by the enormity of the challenges they face.
Every year, Rene\u00e9 Smith's family draws names for their Christmas gift exchange. It just so happened that in 2012, it was Rene\u00e9's turn to buy a gift for her sister-in-law Patti.
I want to show the world that people with disabilities much more like everyone else than many realize. I want to focus on ABILITIES!


What is happening in the male brain that's causing them to think that ending their life is the right decision? Is it all just chemical? Is this a nature vs. nurture situation? Is it cultural
It knows no socio-economic boundaries. Blind to race, gender and religion, it's infected thousands and infiltrated public consciousness like nothing in recent memory.
Investing in healthcare for women and children contributes directly to the socio-economic development and security of families, communities and nations. Within a generation, it is possible to bring an end to preventable maternal and newborn deaths with sustained commitment.
Globally, one in three women will experience physical or sexual violence at some point in her life. The World Health Organization has declared violence against women to be a global health problem of epidemic proportions.
Have you ever wondered how you got to a certain point in your life and what event, idea, or person may have led you down the path you now follow? My introduction into the world of autism was entirely unexpected and unplanned.
Shukria Barakzai -- Afghan feminist leader, member of parliament, and outspoken politician who was critical of Taliban -- was targeted for assassination this week. She survived. But three bystanders, including a young girl, did not. Shukria was hunted to be silenced because she had a voice.
When it comes to giving, Canadians are known to be quietly generous year-round. Being generous is even more important over the holiday season, especially when it comes to giving to children in need.
Mushing guide and former Iditarod competitor Dario Martinez was found hanging from a tree in downtown Anchorage on Thursday, a day after Alaska State Troopers and Anchorage Animal Care and Control removed 12 malnourished dogs and one dead one from his tour business here.
When the people we entrust with our health and wellbeing use the term \retarded,\ they grant legitimacy to a word that has been deemed offensive by the culture at large.  They cause harm to the very people they have pledged to heal.
Becoming a true philanthropist is a journey of self-discovery. It is also an invitation to take part in social transformation - when individuals and communities are changed for the better. The act of giving touches both the giver and the recipient; each one is changed as a consequence.

The riot explodes at my feet. I scream and tear for any exit, through arms and faces and sweat. With the next pound of my heartbeat, I suddenly understand the fight for life or death. Ah yes. I have seen this before.

Gratitude Speaks creates worlds. Gratitude Speaks brings forth what has not existed before. It's wild, and free, and magical.

Baby Nga was born at home in her mother's bed. They weren't sure exactly what day she was due to arrive, but they knew that this day was too early; the midwife shook her head with fading hope that the infant would make it.
Thanksgiving is one of those holidays when we tend to think about the less fortunate, and this year, I'll be thinking specifically about two numbers
There are innovators working to give moms and dads the nudge they need to keep the conversation going even in the inevitable moments of exhaustion and frustration.
Eleven year-old Natalia Marsh-Welton had a mission. Not even terminal brain cancer was going to stop her. Natalia was determined to help the hungry and homeless.

We can't just focus on turning kids from bystanders to \upstanders\ whenever bullying occurs

It's high time that we understand the lost human capital of foster care children and be proactive in our approach to to usher them into adulthood -- really, just another three to five years -- the right way.
It was two weeks before my senior year of high school when my brother at the age of 25, passed away from Leukemia. That day changed my life forever.
One of the most common phrases homeless services nonprofits or faith based ministries say is
As the nation learned of the death of the beloved comic icon, I recalled my meeting with Joan Rivers when I was a guest on her short-lived a daytime talk show in March 1990.
I am not my PTSD. I never was - and never will be - crazy. The trauma therapy, however hellish, is a pill I must swallow. Through it, I will heal. The darkness in my life will, someday soon, brighten, and I will excel when that time comes.
In my philanthropy work, I focus my fundraising efforts on providing direct financial assistance to catastrophically injured members of the military (amputees) and their families.
It's a subject that hits close to home for two brothers from Abington. Robert \R.J.\ Ronan, 24, is a recovering heroin addict who has died and been resuscitated six times. Josh Ronan, 20, has found motivation in his brother's addiction and gives talks to students on drug abuse.
The world will be watching the G20 leaders in Brisbane this weekend (November 15-16) to see if they can address the world's slow economic growth, the problem of anonymous companies, and global inequality.
As I lay on my bed in that isolation ward, strangely, I did not fear for my life. I was confident that I would leave that ward some day. There was an inner sense of calm. I did not for a second think that I would be consumed by the disease.
The two great challenges of our time -- inequality and climate change -- are threatening to undermine the efforts of millions of people to escape poverty and hunger. By concentrating wealth and power in the hands of a few, inequality robs the poorest people of the support they need to improve their lives.
A new strategy is emerging that recognizes the importance of creating opportunity for the entire family, coordinating programs and policies so that parents and children have a chance to succeed -- together.

Those who have gotten their hands dirty planting trees or mentoring underserved youth are far more likely to be actively engaged citizens throughout their lives. They will be the ones who will sign petitions, lead protests, give voice to the voiceless, and simply refuse to sit on the sidelines. That's a pretty big \win-win.\
Just as the best part about the Justice League was that it combined the unique power of each individual superhero and made them better by acting together, the MCC2014 brought together different real-life heroes from around the globe and gave them a place to be better together.
To fund essential services and tackle global inequality, we must ensure that companies pay their fair share of taxes. A first step is to compel corporations to publicly report where they earn their profits and where they pay taxes -- so-called country-by-country reporting.
Indeed, 2.5 million children under five are living in the hardest-hit areas across the region, and 75 percent of all children infected in the current epidemic have died. Even those who are not infected themselves risk losing their parents to this terrible disease and often end up alone and ostracized by their communities.
All the bad news about men behaving badly offers us an opportunity to speak out, to ask the deeper questions, to redirect the messages our boys and young men are getting from a patriarchal and reptilian-brain-driven culture that is dangerous to women and men, children and the Earth.
Without the opportunity to learn, people -- especially youth -- are less likely to feel secure, hopeful for the future or invested in their community.

World Prematurity Day is a day to honor the mothers, grandmothers and young girls who have endured a premature birth. It is a day that gives a voice to the one million lives lost too soon in 2013.
There is a way to help stop the corrupt and criminal from getting away with these acts
I do not take it lightly when I say that I have dedicated my life to saving Promise and the countless other Promises and families that are affected by this terrible crisis. Therefore, from my heart to yours, I ask you to join us.
My military family now numbers 21 million -- the number of veterans we commemorate today. These heroes deserve to be thanked for their tremendous service to their country. But, like many civilians, often veterans are uncomfortable being singled out. So what to do?
Each of us avoids shaving for 1 to 30 days this month and makes a contribution equal to (or lots higher than) we would have spent on haircuts during that time. And we can also encourage friends who comment on our extra hair that they too should make a contribution.
If we had not taken the time to have our ambassadors deliver lights in person, taking the time to get to know the families and communities, we would have lost something. This was only possible through the human interaction.

Strangers are driving through rural regions of Sierra Leone with bullhorns, shouting instructions about how to stay safe from the Ebola virus. Their intentions may be admirable, but their tactics are probably ineffective. Loud voices do not always get heard.
Three stories, three continents, one message
Commemorations are good. It is good to stand with eyes lowered and to hear the bell ring and the bugle sound. The only danger is that in honoring the veterans, both living and dead, we will let our feelings be cheapened into flag-waving sentimentality.


I realized that if we could match up military skills and training with civilian job requirements we could literally change the lives of 18 million veterans in the U.S. workforce.
Every day we have opportunities to unlearn lies we may have learned.  Many of the lies that we believe about ourselves were seeded in childhood.  Especially if you grew up in violent home.  A home in which the violence could have been physical or nonphysical.
While our country continues to fall short of ideal in keeping our commitments to our veterans, I am optimistic that Congress and Veterans Affairs have together taken steps in the right direction.
On a day marked to honor our veterans and to commemorate the sacrifices made by these great men and women, we need to take a moment to give voice to those who still live in the shadows of war.

As we gather this Veterans Day to honor those who have served our country on our behalf, let us challenge ourselves to do more for veterans than simply reflect on their sacrifice one day a year.



Sixty percent of Internet users said they witnessed someone being called offensive names; 53 percent have seen efforts to purposefully embarrass someone; and 24 percent witnessed someone being harassed for a sustained period of time
Go to a Thanksgiving meal for refugees. Or go bigger
What is happening to our species is we are becoming far more than just human. All around us incredible advances in technology are changing and improving us.
\Compassionate empathy\ is what the advocates for any cause want to ignite in their supporters. That's also the biggest challenge in advocacy
Hiring a wounded warrior can be one of smartest business decisions a company can make. A veteran's commitment to getting the job done and his or her discipline in the workforce is unsurpassed.
In Mexico, one out of every two teenagers won't finish high school. In India, only a third of students get their high school diploma. Even in the U.S., around 5500 high schoolers will drop out before the end of the day.
Fossil fuel companies -- much like your stubborn, elderly relative that refuses to change his eating habits despite the doctor's warnings of a heart attack -- have a choice to make. They can either begin to pivot out of high-cost, high-polluting projects to the clean energy sources that will fuel our future, or they can wait until it's too late.
Our end goal is more ethical and sustainable manufacturing of what we wear and eat, and the devices we use to communicate. Transparency is one of the ways we can achieve it. By plugging workers in to the conversation, companies not only build trust, they bring light to places that have been invisible for too long.
It's 8 a.m. on a Saturday, and I'm standing under a heavy sky in a muddy yard behind a three-story structure of hand-hewn limestone in the middle of nowhere. Everything feels wrong.
Child hunger in America is often something you don't \see\ or suspect is close to you, but I found myself in an affluent area I knew quite well, interviewing hungry kids who live just blocks away from million dollar homes. I realized for the first time, 'If child hunger can exist here, it can exist anywhere.

Recognizing that we as global citizens, are, at a critical inflection point in global sustainable development, in the design and implementation of data revolution 2.0, to ensure better data for better programming, delivery and mutual accountability.
These are major steps in the process of reform. Pakistan's sizable youth population could be the nation's greatest asset -- or its biggest liability. It is in all of our best interests to make sure they get the education they need to make the right choices.

There is some (justified) skepticism around non-profits because many can't demonstrate their impact. However, you can eliminate doubt by being powerfully transparent and using data to tell your story.
Combating malaria is a tricky tradeoff in Mozambique. The mosquito-born illness is the leading killer of children, and the CDC-supported ministry of health is aiming to change that with a door-to-door campaign to spray the insides of homes with repellant.
As I am often speaking with students about the concept of \learning service\ and encouraging them to prioritize global \learning\ and development education prior to jumping straight into international \service,\ I often get the question, \Where should I study abroad?\
America is so much better than we sometimes think we are. Fear makes us forget this. It makes us smaller when we have the chance to be expansive. We have the chance to rally around exporting the best of who we are.
Once upon a time, a young American woman landed her dream job -- and then gave it to someone else. Nine years later, she's creating a sustainable new model for international journalism that provides jobs and empowers women all over the world.
Youth entrepreneurship is of particular importance in MENA. Officially, one in four young people (aged 18-29) in the region's labor market do not have jobs and one in ten adults find themselves in the same position.
This is a sad day for human rights and especially for female children. Today Boko Haram gleefully announced that the 200 schoolgirls they kidnapped months ago have been \converted\ to Islam and \married off.\
As I normally do on most speaking trips, I fill my luggage with Hanes socks and plan on spending some time on the streets meeting new homeless friends. What happened this trip still blows my mind.
The impact of mobile applications is growing and it's not just for Angry Bird enthusiasts and eBay shoppers anymore - but also for innovators working to create a freer, healthier more prosperous world.

These guys at the Dept. of Ed., they're more like the Ebola scientists we hope are working on the problem -- testing for homelessness, and treating those afflicted. They don't use limiting definitions or expect people to prove a negative. Consequently they get a much more accurate picture of the problem. And still they fall short.

So why do we use very different language in business than in our personal lives?
Which cause will I choose in order to make a difference? I'm not quite sure. But whatever it may be you can be sure that it will be something I believe in.
Halloween
Malala not only is sharing a cause she would die for ... she is spearheading a movement that has already came close to claiming her life, but keeps moving full speed ahead. May we all find a cause so dear to us, that we continue self-assured, despite all obstacles.
As Veterans Day approaches, I wanted to highlight a couple of veterans' successes by sharing stories that show the importance of vet-to-vet connection and what can happen if treatment and housing options are available to help vets rebuild their lives.
The goal of the 4Liters Challenge is to \give participants and their social communities new insight into the value of water and the hardships of life without it,\ by asking people to survive on 4 liters of water for an entire day.

Riyad is just one of many people who have seen extreme atrocities in their own families. His life and the lives of his family members illustrate the fate of Assyrians/Chaldeans/Syriacs and other indigenous people of Iraq. Before the war in Iraq, Riyad's family had a good life in Mosul. Then came the U.S. invasion and the fall of Saddam.
There are evidence based, effective treatments for depression. Yet still people aren't getting treated. Why? We believe it starts at the top. Our leaders must make eradicating depression a priority.
What I've come to understand is that the meaning of home is very personal. And because it's personal and filled with emotions we all share, each person can empathize with someone else who doesn't have a home.

Along with Ebola in Africa, there's been an outbreak of hysteria in Washington.
For the 3.7 million low-income young people in America who are not in school or employed, education is crucial for their success. It can break both the social barriers that they have become accustomed to and the cycle of poverty.
A bear, a lion and a tiger. The closest shared genre is of course the tiger and the lion, but in the jungle, they would never mingle. They would probably ignore each other and mind their own territory, or fight over food if they encountered a common prey.
For Francis in Ghana, mental illness led to him being held captive with his legs shackled through a hole carved in a log. Sadly, stories like this are not uncommon among the 450 million people suffering from mental disorders in low and middle-income countries.
Connecting and serving the community is part of our core values at the Los Angeles Lakers organization.
What I could not have imagined at the time, and what continues to amaze me still, is how this gift has continued to pay dividends, year after year, as we welcome each new laureate into our prize family.
Working countless hours without pay, often using their own money for travel and office supplies, the founding moms refused to give up on the fledgling organization that quickly became a beacon of hope for everyone affected by this disease. Their young girls watching every step of the way.
Putting veterans with disabilities back to work enables them to continue to be contributing, productive members of society, and helps to educate others about service and sacrifice -- and that's healthy for a community as a whole.
Throughout 2014, Food Tank has been honored to collaborate with numerous organizations around the International Year of Family Farming (IYFF).
If you want to feel really good on the Wednesday after Election Day, regardless of the results of the vote, wake up knowing that you brought something extra to our national exercise of people power.

This week's release of All You Need Is Love, narrated by Sigourney Weaver, produced and directed by Stuart Cameron, and featuring the work by California's Muse School, will serve as a wake-up call for Americans whose knowledge of Burma's multiple crises is minimal.
Voluntary service to people in need is a deep tradition of the legal profession. Here in Massachusetts, it is clear that equal access to justice has come to depend on the pro bono services of attorneys.
As one of Saudi Arabia's most senior scientists, Yasmin Altwaijri leads epidemiology research at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Riyadh. She's been a pioneer in spearheading countrywide studies measuring obesity, diabetes, and mental health issues in Saudi Arabia.

Nearly all of the produce we eat in the United States is handpicked. Machines don't harvest our fresh lettuce, peaches, cherries, carrots, etc. People do. And as one can imagine, that work is difficult.

Money is important, but ultimately, it's about making an impact and personal fulfillment. For me, that comes from other people being fulfilled and feeling empowered.
With a plethora of activists and social entrepreneurs roaming the world as engaged global citizens, the travel industry as a vehicle for social change seems like a no brainer.
Our view couldn't be more different. We believe that sustainability is both a moral and commercial imperative.
The key to success is to forget the notion that diversity is a tactic, and instead recognize it as a company value - something that is embedded in the organization from the top down, through and through. It is how you engage with and view the world, how you do business and how you treat every employee, colleague, customer and stakeholder.
through my nonprofit and advocacy work, I find myself speaking to and mentoring young women and girls at middle schools and high schools, predominantly on body image and self-acceptance.
Partnerships can provide the essential training and tools needed to combat the outbreak.  And infrastructure that's put in place to strengthen health systems for one challenge can be repurposed and fortified for another.
The dark cloud that is the Ebola epidemic hanging over West Africa, and moving into Europe and the United States, could have a silver lining if global leaders have the wisdom and courage to act.
People with disabilities in America are job-ready, college-educated and experienced professionals for whom working in a call center or in an assembly line wouldn't align with their valuable and hard-earned education and experience.
A few weeks ago, I was sitting in a room full of women philanthropists at the Women Moving Millions Summit in New York where the theme was 'power' and how it can be used to transform the lives of girls and women worldwide.
The two activists were born nearly a half century apart with different religions and to different countries, yet their work goes hand in hand since child laborers need to have someone also championing their right to equitable, quality education.
In rural Tanzania, it is OK to beat your wife. Women are powerless and ashamed to even discuss these beatings with their family or friends.
After attending the August 9th surf camp, which for me gave new meaning to the expression \fun in the sun\ I couldn't wait for the next one; the final surf camp at Chico State Beach in Huntington Beach which was on Sept 27th.
Anti-Slavery Day was created by Act of Parliament in order to raise awareness of modern slavery and help mobilize efforts to eliminate all forms of slavery.
For the moment, \only\ 3 billion people are connected to the internet. But this will change pretty fast, especially in lean countries. 78% own a smartphone in Latin America, 84% in Western Europe and 79% in US.
It's time to engage in a global detox, by removing weapons from the hands of man and youth alike, let us build schools, hospitals, libraries, infrastructure in war torn countries. Lets offer assistance wherever it's needed. Lets listen to youth, it is indeed, their world.
We, as citizens of this incredible nation, must rise to the task of supporting those who will be at the front lines of eradicating Ebola. Our Soldiers are representing America in a noble mission that is difficult and necessary in order to protect our country and the greater global society.

Adam Braun is a New York Times bestselling author and the Founder of Pencils of Promise, an award-winning organization that has broken ground on more than 200 schools around the world.

As World Food Day focuses attention on global hunger, we find ourselves at a crossroads of opportunity and risk.

Small is compact and constricted, always seen in comparison to big. The current global scenario demands an existence of both in equal forms. Small maybe frowned upon in terms of size, but it is the reason why big exists.
From the moment I set foot in the great lodge, I felt like a cradled soul. The counselors and house Moms took my symbolic hand and led me. Over the course of three days, I joined with other people who had lost their spouses.
Last summer, Carolyn \Carri\ Stearns, 38, lost her father. She sought the comfort of friends \to just forget for one night. Losing my dad was a nightmare.\ In a moment of grief and stress, a supportive hug became a momentary lapse of judgment.
We cannot continue down this path when it comes to understanding and responding to mental illness, depression, and suicide. We have to do better, for the sake of the people suffering from mental illnesses, and for the sake of society, as a whole.

Voluntary medical male circumcision has made definite inroads in Tanzania through years of initial pilot projects, awareness and education campaigns, and a scale-up of VMMC services provided in health facilities and in mobile units. The approach seems to be working.
We must reinvent rusty old conflict models, or we will never escape the vicious cycle of war countering war. Violence isn't the answer to seemingly intractable problems. And yet, we're only as brilliant as the tools we've learned to use.

The Kanters' recipe for a long, healthy life is moderation in all things, a good diet and regular exercise. And standardized electronic health records could go a long way toward longer lives for everyone.

The World Health Organization defines FGM as any of a range of procedures (four major types) that \intentionally alter or cause injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons.\
Given the widespread use of social media and text messaging, one of the most common themes being discussed is bullying, where at least half of teens worldwide have been bullied online in the last few years.
Gender issues go largely unreported in times of war. As soon as the civil unrest in Syria went violent, women disappeared as subjects in media stories. The Syrian Female Journalist Network wants to change this.
Young girls are always denied the opportunity to enjoy their childhood as a result of certain traditions that have deep roots in our communities. Every year about three million African girls suffer female genital mutilation (FGM) around the globe.
While international and domestic problems bombard us daily, strong signals indicate that a new kind of revolution is afoot that has the potential to open doors to people who have been left out of jobs, and the mainstream economy.
The possibilities of shaping one's character are limitless and only bound by the borders we set for ourselves -- so why is it that girls are marginalized, discriminated against, and still not valued the same as boys?
Since Jan. 1, 2013, The Pollination Project has been giving daily micro grants to emerging projects and inspiring people all over the world. Here are the extraordinary people and projects that our Daily Giving Community is honored to support this week.
This may be the 21st century, but we're still finding that culture, customs and religion continue to have as strong a pull in the opposite direction as science and facts.  But Ebola can be halted with education, safe practices and infection control. And that is a message we must continue to underline.
Point of view is everything. Whether one is referring to the crafts of of screenwriting, poetry, or journalism, the eye of the storyteller is a window to a previously unobserved universe. The art of \telling\ embodies spiritual responsibility.
In all my decades of driving, I've never had anything but a minor fender bender just minutes from my house--until last weekend when I apparently skidded off rainy I75 near Flint, Michigan, onto a grassy median and blacked out.
There are no better words to describe the volunteers and residents of Bering Omega Community AIDS Services, whom we honor each year with our song. The loss of my friend Frank connected me to this community, and this community connected me to something essential in this art of ours.
What are their super powers? Education. Healthcare. Clean Water. Nutrition. Peace. Strength. Love. Determination.
On this International Day of the Girl, let us shelter and support young girls' dreams, and help those millions of tiny flames become a sun that lights the sky.

They say those who can't do, teach. But those who can do neither? They attend conferences.
One little girl I met, seven-year-old Elizabeth, was living under a house with her older brother just steps away from where their mother's body had been taken over a month ago. They had come and burned all their belongings and sprayed down the room but the children would not go back inside. While they survived the 21-day incubation period, they now faced the prospect of starvation and stigma as people in their town are too scared to even look at them.
In this crucial period of political transition and troop withdrawal at the end of the year, it is imperative that young Afghan girls are empowered with the skills, knowledge and courage to stand up to violence perpetrated against them.
This driver's short question made me rethink it all in a matter of a few seconds. Yes, this man was elderly and needed assistance, but what was stopping this 92-year-old from living life with all he's got?
With counseling and psychosocial support, young lives devastated by war and childhoods violently taken away can be reclaimed. We see it happen when they begin to smile again, laugh again, and play again.
People who run collective impact efforts say one of their toughest tasks is keeping community engagement going beyond the \summits\ where everyone gets fired up. What does it mean to keep communities engaged in the mission that they've signed on for?  Why is it so hard to do this well?
As a global public health nutrition professional, an important day on my agenda is World Food Day, as it provides me an opportunity to rally my friends, colleagues and nutrition advocates to reflect on what a world free from hunger and malnutrition would look like.
Young Americans today are facing the crisis of unraveling traditional communities and social structures. In fact, 1 million students drop out of school each year, and 17 percent of youth aged 16 to 24 are out of school and work.

As the world's social and environmental challenges multiply, committing to sustainability has moved higher up the corporate agenda.
We're holding Health Month on the JBF blog. In this post, we conclude our extended interview series with actor and activist Wendell Pierce, exploring his views on potential solutions to issues of food access, both locally and globally.
Presumably, the idea of an elevator speech is that 30 seconds is the time it takes to hold someone \captivated\ as they wait for their destination. Elevator speeches came before Twitter, and as such, are a form of an in-person tweet.
When we think about what makes a successful viral campaign, there are several \must haves\ in order for the campaign to be a success.
Every time I walk in the door of this free afterschool program, I get happy. It's a bright, joyful classroom filled with children laughing. Do you have any idea how rich a child's laugh can sound when it comes from a child with no place to call home?
When you tell people of color you don't see race, you are telling them you don't see their history or their story. You don't see what they and their families have lived through. You don't see them.
JBF Award-nominated chef and restaurateur Seamus Mullen shares his personal struggles and triumphs with food and health.
The Administration's recent expansion of family detention comes at a tragic and horrific cost. This week, allegations of sexual abuse and assault were revealed inside Immigration and Customs Enforcement's new family detention center.
b condoms feels that the Homeland Security Program could also address the rate of unwanted teenage pregnancies in rural areas; teen girls living in rural counties account for 20% of teen births, although they only account for 16% of the population.
I am a true believer in the power of boards.  I have seen strong and courageous boards pull organizations away from the brink, and I have seen weak and disengaged boards allow an organization to languish.
Building a house isn't always enough of a hand up. Sometimes the entire community needs to get involved. We refer to this as neighborhood revitalization, and it is integral to our work.

With the closing of 13 abortion clinics in Texas, one out of six Texas women seeking an abortion will have to travel 150 miles or more. But one out of six? That's only a small fraction, according to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
It was a beautiful, sunny, breezy Sunday in Los Angeles when my son Michael and I drove north into the foothills to spend some time at the Gentle Barn.

If there was ever any doubt about the enormity of the crimes the Nazis perpetrated at Sobib\u00f3r, it should now forever disappear.
It is about cultivating a love of reading, writing and learning. It is about finding new layers of meaning in our lives through the stories we read, and the stories we tell about our experiences.

Although he's best known for roles on hit television shows like The Wire and Treme, actor Wendell Pierce is also a dedicated food and community advocate in his hometown of New Orleans.
Here in California, it's our goal to enroll even more families as we look ahead to the new open enrollment period beginning November 15, 2014.

I know it is not an easy decision to cancel such a major event that impacts so many people, including myself. I am sure that all Nobel Peace Laureates scheduled to attend this summit would have loved to celebrate their achievements next week in South Africa.
Pin-Ups for Vets is not a typical non-profit. The pin-up calendar, now in its ninth year, featuring twelve US Veterans, is a unique community-building tool. The calendar raises funds to improve Veterans' healthcare, donates funds to VA hospital for medical equipment, improves quality of life for ill Veterans across the US through personal visits, and supports other initiatives, all thanks to pin-ups in decadent 1940s-style outfits.
For those who took the path most traveled which led them to a college degree that's offered them nothing more than debt and a smile from mom and dad, it's not too late for you. You can change things. You can put your life back on track. It's not over.
That moment struck to the core of why I was in the classroom that day
While sharing about BLVR's investment in us, I shared my personal story of being sexually abused by a family friend when I was six, keeping it secret until after graduating college, and about the heavy toll it took on my life.


Why is physical punishment not acceptable when visited on adults and acceptable when visited on children?

Our system is broken. We are failing to build a post-2015 development agenda that integrates the voices, values and priorities of the majority of the world's population. Far too few of our resources are being invested in deserving grassroots leaders and civic organizations.
AmeriCorps members have completed over one billion hours of service since 1994, and have had an immense impact on mobilizing communities to work together for a more promising future. As a former VISTA volunteer, I know firsthand the tremendous impact volunteering can have for both the volunteer and the community.
According to the Cerebral Palsy International Research Foundation (CPIRF), over 17 million people worldwide have cerebral palsy -- for which there is no cure. I am one of them.
Although I showed her kindness and respect, I questioned what I could have done differently, how I might have been able to help her.
On the morning of Sept. 3, Jon and Elizabeth Alba waited two hours at the VA Medical Clinic in Iron Mountain, Mich., not for medical care but for a few days' supply of groceries.

Simple common sense, coupled with organized thinking, ought to be able to produce better medical benefits and patient care at substantially lower costs.
Food is one of the oldest forms of exchange, with yet untapped recognition to deliver social conflict transformation.
There remains a systemic disconnect between patients and the community involved in treating them.  For decades, the patient experience has been marred by disconnected, uncoordinated care and a focus largely on biomedical needs.
When we entered the delivery room of a small hospital in rural Malawi, our eyes went immediately to the two newborns lying side by side.
When it comes to improving the lives of the world's poor, data collection may not be as sexy of a focus as improving access to clean water or more nutritious food. But better data is essential to monitoring progress and ultimately maximizing impact.
What is it like to make a financial investment in an up and coming social change leader, every single day of the year?  Since January 1, 2013, the Pollination Project has been giving daily micro grants to emerging projects and inspiring people all over the world.

Nested in the hills of the Hudson Valley, a group of men took the stage to talk about what it means to be a man. The conversation continued throughout the weekend and was the first time men were invited to the annual conference Women and Power.
Houston has housed more than 2,800 homeless veterans since January 2012, according to the Coalition for the Homeless of Houston/ Harris County.

As girls we fail at empowering each other in so many ways. Viewing our peers in a competitive way leaves many girls feeling inadequate and that vicious cycle of hatred starts the wheel spinning. It's up to us to begin a movement of gaining confidence and empowering one another instead of tearing each other down.
Education should be free of all these things, as well as free of stereotypes that claim girls must cook and sew, like the color pink, exist only to please their husbands, and become mothers by force.


Building affordable housing is only the first step towards inclusive cities. As housing should be seen as an urban strategy to improve the overall quality of life for all citizens, affordable housing must be inclusive by design.

Newborn health is inextricably connected to maternal health. Similarly to maternal mortality, preventable diseases are the major causes of under-five deaths. Inadequate nutrition, limited access to clean water and poor healthcare infrastructures lead to the spread of preventable infectious diseases.
With this weekend being their annual Gold Rush Awards fundraiser in New York, I caught up with Danny to learn the story of how Rush began.



Being an early adopter isn't easy and old patterns are tough to understand and break. Unspoken fears can hinder or even slow efforts. It starts with leaders within companies who take action.
From an innovation perspective, one of the great things about Gen Y is that they have lowered the barrier for new ideas, products and services. And if they had a good experience, they touted in their own social groups - both online and off.
As we look forward and position issues for the post-2015 development agenda, it is important to reflect on what is possible if we accelerate action, target resources and embrace accountability in the remaining time of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
A year after Westgate

Consider this



The time has come for us to move from a stressed society to one of synergy and mindfulness. The stories we tell in film and media, as well as inside our own heads, can take us there!
In the early 1940s, the strongest proponent of radiation in the U.S. was on the cover of TIME. By the end of the decade, a doctor who would be one of the foremost proponents of chemotherapy was on the cover.


AmeriCorps members tackle the toughest problems we face


While what we at Gamaliel fight on are depressing issues, right now, at least, I'm kind of giddy. It's not often that a two-time Pulitzer-winning journalist basically endorses everything we are doing.
Next time a challenge or opportunity disguised in uncertainty is presented to you, take a second to reflect and give it thought before dismissing it. What you may be passing up is the opportunity to walk through the next door that is planning to open.
I visited Maryam when her baby was 2 weeks old. I had been meaning to go sooner, but the steep, icy roads up to her 'house' in Kabul prohibited an earlier visit.
Next Tuesday, President Obama and 124 other world leaders will convene in New York City for a United Nations summit to address climate change.
Honor killings might not be preventable among the current generation of adult men, but certainly we can bring the new generation of young boys closer to understanding themselves and the other half of the universe made up of women and girls.
\When people have a reason to live, they don't have a reason to die,\ Strickland said. He believes that terrorism thrives on ignorance and illiteracy, and the Akko center's courses will serve to build bridges, provide free education, and encourage dialogue among the area's religions.
The more I have learned about the hundreds of families I have tried to help in my 35 years in the social sector, the more I realize that most low-income parents or guardians should be approached with admiration and respect.
There is probably no single better measure of success of international development efforts at large; political leaders across the world should be held to account by their citizens -- and hold themselves accountable -- on the same basis.
A year ago, James Gatluak, 38, was working with farmers across all nine counties in Unity State to increase food production. Today, he is stuck in a displacement camp in Juba, his state overrun by violence and its people sliding closer to famine.
To create empowering, inclusive dialogue around what the world is doing RIGHT, and what we, as people, aspire towards -- allowing a voice for all those who are interested in being a part of the solution.
I wrote this the day after 9/11 and it wound up being read all over the planet.  It still rings true I think.
This past July, right before she was about to go onstage at the Miss Idaho competition, a contestant named Sierra Sandison, who suffers from diabetes, was nervous and conflicted about wearing her insulin pump in such a public arena.
Over the years several people experiencing homelessness have reached out to me online. Each experience in itself was unique and always beyond amazing.

Together, ReSurge and the Alliance are working toward making the world safer for all women and children, calling attention to this neglected global health issue and striving to create positive and lasting change in the world's kitchens and cooking spaces.
Seven dollars per day is not much. Forget buying a latte at Starbucks each morning. You would barely have enough money to eat afterwards. In fact, forget going out to eat. Period. The tip alone would eat up all of your daily allocation.
I see the recent atrocities recited as if they were highlights from a horror film reel, and I am aghast -- at both the way in which our media culture has been processing these assorted tragedies, and the fact that our R. is going to land dead center into this brutal mess.
It is well-recognized that gender inequalities exist around the world. Evidence has also mounted showing that the marginalization and neglect of the needs, roles and potential of women and girls are key factors limiting advances in human health and development outcomes for all -- women, men, boys and girls.
In 2012, after quitting my corporate job on first day, I was idealistic and determined to change the world. So much so, I decided to start with Africa. This is probably the most clich\u00e9d beginning for a story of many young Millennial \change-makers.\


I'm grateful that you cut me slack and stuck with me, that you took the time to chat with me after class about my family, that you encouraged me to keep trying, and, most importantly, that you, time and time again, talked me out of leaving school.
Who is Dayani Cristal?, is an intimate examination of the journey of one migrant who perished in the Arizona desert, far from his native Honduras, with no real identification but a name tattooed over his heart
While each investment has its own set of metrics, there always must be in place a measurable, independent system to provide the data necessary to judge the progress of the entity receiving the investment.
For millions of poor kids in the U.S. today, the reality of summer is very different from that middle-class ideal. For them, the words \back to school\ suggest the start of something good, not the end.
Why is the AFL-CIO standing in strong solidarity with the workers of Uruguay? We believe that the people, through their elected officials, should be the ones to determine which policies are best for their health, their environment and the general welfare.
Thanks to social media and the other technology advances we've witnessed over the past couple of decades, these needs are more apparent and feel closer to our own back yard than they ever did before.
How many of us are sitting down with our young boys -- budding athletes, artists, scientists, doctors, spiritual leaders -- and having a conversation with them about how what happens behind doors matters -- every single time -- it matters?
You don't become better and stronger in life without solo vigils along the way. We've learned to celebrate entrepreneurs who fall and get back up, well we should.
My petition in my wife Briggs's memory on Change.org, the Petition for Briggs for Cancer Immunotherapy for All, has been generously signed by 25 stars of film, media, and tennis.
What would you do if I told you that by sharing only one tweet, you could help be the solution to ending child hunger in the U.S.A.? Would that make you more than simply interested? Would you dare to take action and join a movement of people who want to see our children's dreams come true?
As we mark International Literacy Day, it is an opportune time to highlight the importance of literacy and the challenges ahead in promoting global literacy.
As noted in an earlier post, I had the great fortune of helping out Kimbia with Give Local America, an event that became the largest giving day in U.S. history. The team just released a new infographic that shows some of the data behind the event.
Just three years in, Warm Winters has donated more than 5,000 items of warm clothing to 2,500 homeless people. The organization works with six ski resorts in California and Nevada, and they have engaged a volunteer base of 50+ youth

In the midst of what is by any measure a very packed week, history's best-selling solo artist still made time to give 150 Chicagoland-area children a day they'll remember for a long time.
The devastating effect Ebola is having on West Africa's fragile economies is already coming into focus. Community-wide quarantines, road blocks, the suspension of international flights, and the closure of international borders are strangling commerce.
Two days after September, 11, 2001, still dazed and in grief, I wrote a poem for children, trying to make sense of the horrific events we had witnessed.
I find it almost impossible to imagine life without literacy. But not being able to read is the day to day reality for billions of people.
During a recent 72-hour ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, a delegation of Israeli and Palestinian teens traveled 5,000 miles to join 18 young people born in the United States and war-torn regions around the globe, including South Sudan.
Women and girls, men and boys all share the right to live free of violence, which is, unfortunately, experienced by both men and women. Women and girls, however, disproportionately experience violence due to a deeply rooted global culture of gender discrimination.
While governments and doctors around the world prepare themselves for Ebola to leap across oceans, we have yet to come to terms with the most difficult enabler of the deadly virus
I believe the millennial generation is in good hands with someone like AnnaSophia amongst them as a mirror of goodness. It was refreshing to hear such a kind, grounded, strong, and wise young woman share so much wisdom.
If the West was going to be won, the people needed stories of legends and victories whether they were true or not. I believe the truth is important. That's why I had to go to Wounded Knee.
Society must understand that we cannot throw together a few small business loan programs and and step back
As a high school student, I have often heard accusatory comments that so-and-so is only involved with social activism or a service project because \she wants to put it on her resume\ or \he just wants to gain admission to college.\
The annual Giving USA Foundation report was released recently, and the numbers tell an interesting story about corporate giving. Let me rephrase that. An alarming story.
Sadly, we are just beginning to learn the depth of the violence that drives these children to our borders -- drug wars, food insecurity, and violence. The majority of the children are coming from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, which has the highest murder rate in the world.


A few minutes before the plane touched down and I was introduced to the complete sensory overload that is India, I realized that I was prepared to meet Jews and I was prepared to meet Indians, but I still wasn't prepared to meet Jewish Indians.


I found the psychological and behavioral privilege associated with living wage work to be startling. I became aware of how far I had disconnected from the reality that forces those who earn a minimum wage to forego the convenience and peace of mind that a few thousand extra dollars a year can quite literally buy.
Happy birthday to South Africa's freedom fighter Ahmed Kathrada! \Kathy\ -- as he's well known there -- turned a robust 85-years-old on August 21. He is the premiere guide and custodian of the history of infamous Robben Island, where he and Nelson Mandela were unjustly imprisoned for 18 years.
One mother of twin sons, both majoring in performing arts at colleges in the Northwest, has used her passion to launch a petition called, Perform for America, a national movement to create a program akin to Teach for America, but for young performers.
Friendliness and trust are linked, but also very different. In relationships that matter, trust masked as friendliness is fleeting and false, much like receiving an award you do not deserve or did not earn.
It may seem crazy that I'm voluntarily choosing to enter a zone where any of these protective preparations are necessary, but as I've spent hours on my couch in Brooklyn watching the coverage of this situation, it just feels like I can and should do something more.

There are simple actions everyone can take to better protect our children should disaster strike.
Howard's Organic Fare and Vegetable Patch is unlike any business model we have ever encountered -- and that's precisely why we were so thrilled to collaborate with owner Craig Howard for the week.
It was 1983 I was running a counseling program for refugees from the Vietnam War. My social worker and I had just left what I thought was a great counseling session with Myong, a single mom from Vietnam who raising three kids on her own.
What would you do with a stage three-cancer diagnosis? Mope? Grieve? Surrender? It's devastating and paralyzing. It quickly snuffs out hope and threatens your joy. It murders you figuratively and sometimes takes you literally.
What does taking a single step mean to you? Did you walk to work this morning, or simply walk to the car to drive to work? Did you walk to the kitchen to grab coffee or take the dog for a walk around the block?
It's in the way we're spending our money, the way we're working, the gigs we're taking, and the values by which we're living our lives.

Where is the good news to get us out of this funk of no growth and the pain of the recession still lingering for businesses and individuals?
While it's good to raise awareness, let's not forget that the people we're trying to help need us now, not after their disease has taken away everything they have.
Are people less friendly than they used to be?  As I looked beyond having just a \gut feeling\ about attitudes and practices of people, I became aware of the \General Social Survey.\ I found a lot of information that relates to the friendliness of people.
Seems like it's only been a moment since Alan Graham first invited me to Austin to see the amazing work he is doing. Since then, I have visited Mobile Loaves and Fishes more than any other nonprofit homeless services. The reason for that is simple
Child trafficking is abhorrent. We feel there is a small part of us that should be able to smell the rot coming from anyone involved in something so tremendously bad. Surely, being in the same room as them would be difficult.
Sarah Buchanan didn't grow up on a farm. She didn't study agriculture at her university, Georgia State, and until a few years ago, the only plant she may have envisioned herself cultivating was basil. But a little girl in a blue sweater would change all of that.

Cotopaxi donates a minimum 10 percent of its profit to one of its partner nonprofit organizations to create a sustainable impact in the community those organizations serve. Smith's company goes one step further by showing potential and returning customers where that donation is going.
It's not easy being bad at something. But it's how we all start. And sometimes the awkwardness and ineptitude doesn't dissipate for quite a while. Beginnings can be awkward, uncomfortable, frustrating and fearful.

Six years ago, Mary Shea Pitcher lost two of her four sons in a drowning accident in Allegheny National Forest. This terrible personal tragedy was the inspiration for what is now Pitcher Park Memorial Skatepark in Carnegie, Pennsylvania.
While I certainly do not begrudge the funds raised for ALS research -- money is, after all, the only way to develop life-saving treatments through expensive research and trials -- it does raise some questions about awareness campaigns in the digital age. Why do some causes get so much attention and not others?
He was my best friend, the one being that gave me unconditional love at every hour of the day, expecting nothing in return, but, he was suffering too much to keep him going any longer. Today, I lost my beloved service dog, Fred.
We have a tendency to rely on life-saving, last-minute efforts to turn around a person's health. These strategies are often unsuccessful and always extremely costly. They usually do not result in a lifetime improvement in health.




We see and hear stories about the first days of school, school shopping, the buying of books, and the concern, hope, and joy, for those in preschool, kindergarten, middle school, high school, and college
As we celebrate Women's Equality Day today, I ask you to think about how you can inspire a girl in your life to change the world through STEM.
For the rural poor -- especially women -- accessing formal financial services is nearly impossible. Few have formal identification needed to open an account; others lack a stable job or collateral needed for a loan.
Jamel Egal was born the year it all fell apart. 1991. Somali President Siad Barre was overthrown and anarchy overtook the east African nation of Somalia. Warlords filled the void of a central government as lawlessness reigned and war became the norm.
It's time to listen to the hopes and fears of all Americans. It's time to recognize the injustices that we must eliminate to ensure all Americans can pursue their dreams. And we must do it before the rage our nation has witnessed permanently supplants hope.
The nonprofit Double Hit Lymphoma Foundation was born, and Jill and Dr. Petrich established their mission
As in many public health emergencies, adolescent girls and young women are among the most marginalized and at-risk population during this crisis. In the face of this national disaster, the Let Girls Lead (LGL) network of organizations in Liberia is working to save families from Ebola.
IVP's ensemble cast does an admirable job of dramatically bringing to life the passion for flying of these women and the challenges of sexism (both in the military and at home) and being first in their field.
It used to be that \end times,\ apocalyptic thinking was solely the purview of the crazies. You know, the fundamentalists, the recluses, the paranoid, the kooky guy holding a \The End is Near!\ sign on the street corner.
In my view, investing in women -- or investing in companies that are committed to gender equality and women's leadership -- is just such a strategy. Moreover, there is a growing body of evidence to suggest that it is a smart investment strategy:
There is a school of thought that opposes technology in the classroom. This is rooted in the belief that it hinders or completely replaces human interaction.
The child welfare systems across the nation face major challenges and Washington State is no exception.


Shouldn't we just focus on the fact that people are becoming aware and donating, disregarding why? I say no. In the bottom of my heart and in the back of my business-oriented mind, I want people to care.
This week, friends of South Sudan and members of the Diaspora wrote a letter to the leaders of South Sudan reminding them of the vision and the determination that inspired their struggle and achieved their success.
My volunteer gigs with Musicians On Call present a unique challenge in song selection.  I am escorted to a hospital room occupied by one or more patients. I need to size up the situation quickly and select the one song that might go over best.
Here's the deal
The answers to ending homelessness in this country have changed dramatically since the days of setting up shelters. Programs, such as Housing First, Rapid Re-Housing, Prevention, are the new solutions to this entrenched social problem.
In the face of the deadly Ebola outbreak, 2002 World of Children Award Honoree, Luke Hingson, is leading a major mobilization to help supply desperately needed medical equipment and supplies to Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Grief may be private or it may be communal. Either way, it is a personal emotion, experience, and era that you either choose to share or not.
Submit shareholder proposals. Nominate new directors. Attend annual meetings to ask questions of the executives and board members.  But do not sell the stock that gives you the right to engage on the issues you care about with the people who can make a difference.
Not only will these millennial inheritors likely look for a new financial advisor to manage their money, as opposed to sticking with the family advisor, they will also want to ensure their money positively impacts society, and they tend to crave intimate involvement with the causes they support. This could transform charitable giving.
Would you heckle people who walk at Relay for Life? Would you taunt a group having a car wash to raise money for a battered women's shelter? I hope not.
ALS is a very worthy cause, but there are many worthy causes that don't see this type of engagement and support. The challenge is the restoration of faith in humanity that the media wants to promote and the public wants to absorb.

Nearly 49 million Americans struggle with hunger. These Americans live in every single county and congressional district in the U.S. Hunger is a real issue in America - and a major one at that. Yet, it doesn't have to be. If we work together as a nation, we can solve hunger.
To call Oak Cliff \fringe\ and \one of Dallas' worst neighborhoods\ is not only false, but it dismisses intelligent, hard-working folks as low-lives who should be grateful for the salvation of artisan pies, espresso and couture cocktails.
He had a legion of fans who found him a fountain for laughter, but he also had a number of us who knew him as a wellspring for support for human rights and human dignity.
Life is full of challenges. Some are profoundly life-changing, and some are cold and wet. The ice-bucket challenge was not only great summer fun, it was also one of the most positive and productive viral campaigns in history.
While many are an advocate of Imran Khan in assembling this peaceful protest, unfortunately there are also some of you who are opposing the call. I write this with the hope of diffusing some of this bigoted commentary on Imran Khan's political maneuver.


This year on World Humanitarian Day, we are calling on all governments to live up to their commitments to protect humanitarian staff and hold accountable those who attack them.

Today is World Humanitarian Day, a day to commemorate the fallen relief workers who died in the 2003 bombing of the UN headquarters in Baghdad, as well as the thousands of others who have given their lives to help those in need.

A lot of young people don't know how to get what they need in terms of questioning power and authority, asking for change to happen and being at the table. Global Kids always invited us, and now I don't think about not being there. I'll be there.

I see each day what we can accomplish
Despite significant progress allowing tens of millions of children to enroll into school at the start of the millennium, a recent estimate suggested that at the current rate we must wait until 2086 for the last girl to have a primary education in Africa.

What we often forget to speak about when a global disaster happens are the hundreds of thousands of women and girls who still need maternal health care.
My experience tells me that when responsible NGOs work together, often across sectors, we gain efficiencies of scale in the delivery of highly-specialized services. In the end, larger swaths of the population are touched by not just one, but an array of these life-improving inputs and we begin to see our combined efforts improve lives in meaningful and lasting ways.

\A pregnant woman has one foot in the grave.\ This common saying reflects the reality in many developing countries
Of course, it's appropriate to give thanks for our military people any day of any year, but National Airborne Day is a chance to drill down a bit and recognize those who get into the action in a very special way
The world's newest country, South Sudan, still struggles to end the internal conflicts that have marred its early life. But nevertheless the country is still managing to make progress in the vital field of educating its young people.
Earlier this month, leaders from across Africa convened in Washington for an unprecedented summit on the benefits of deeper economic and social ties between Africa and the U.S. High on the agenda was the importance of investment in women's health, and for good reason.

The Equine Voices Rescue & Sanctuary has seen unspeakable cruelty. One horse arrived at the sanctuary with a fractured skull after being beaten with a two-by-four and dragged behind a truck. Another arrived with untreated third degree burns from a stable fire.
Life gives us constant opportunities to give up, to abandon ourselves to the conclusion that the great drama in which we are all actors is ultimately more tragedy than comedy.
Solitude, when it is forced and receiving of too little comprehension, can be cancerous We need a conversation about suicidal depression, and the more ordinary states of feeling overwhelmed by hopelessness or alienation. And we can only do that by listening much more carefully to those who are feeling it.

Going through boxes of family pictures during the days after Danny's passing felt almost like a form of communication with him from the beyond. One picture that kept popping up was of Danny in his cap and gown at his high school graduation. Danny looked so proud. Finding that picture was like a sign he wanted me to remember him that way.
As a society we do an extremely poor job of addressing mental health and mental illness. Access to care is indeed one problem for many. But our perceptions of and ideas about mental health and mental illness are far more destructive to those in need of care and support.
The shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri aggrandizes the question of police actions against minorities. I still remember the Rodney King case. It seems these events will continue to show their ugly heads.


Service is an essential part of our nation's DNA. Throughout our history, volunteers across the country have stepped up to fill a range of critical needs.


The eight representatives from DC faith communities are engaged in a fierce debate over whether or not to buy an expensive pair of NIKE shoes.

Shooting stray dogs is common practice in Iran. However, now the northwestern city of Tabriz has become the first and only city in the country to outlaw killing street dogs. It's all thanks to the efforts of one Iranian woman who is campaigning for those who can't speak for themselves.
For those Americans who have been materially successful, it may seem like everyone else simply chose not to follow the same path, but the reality is that most Americans don't know how to find that path.

Thirty days I spent with them. Thirty days walking, talking, buying them lunch and trying to discover the organizing principal around which my story would authentically take shape. And I did. Find it, that is. The moment I met Fred.
While progress may be being made in some areas, there is still a lot of work to be done to ensure that all kids and youth are meeting the daily physical activity guidelines, and perhaps even more work to be done to ensure that getting outdoors is a part of that daily routine.

We are getting a crystal clear understanding of the world these children live in. We're asking two key questions -- and the answers are providing insights that are more profound than we imagined.
This is where President Obama and his advisers have got it wrong -- the future of Africa should not be sold to the highest bidder.
Bent over a wood-fired oven, drying the fish her husband caught yesterday, 29-year-old Leticia Sam blinks the smoke from her eyes, one hand stoking the fire, the other holding her swollen belly. Expecting her fourth baby, Leticia lives atop an old graveyard piled with trash, strewn with crumbling cinderblock homes.

In the aftermath of this heinous act, I wonder how long it will take mankind to realize we must stand up for peace.

My hope for men and women everywhere is that we will abandon the quest for dominance over the opposite sex and seek instead to be united as kings and queens who each wield their masculine and feminine gifts to rule their kingdoms together.
The career choice Beverly Whipple made has been a lifesaver to countless women in Washington State for more than a quarter century. In 1979, she and Deborah Lazaldi, both natives of Yakima, founded Feminist Women's Health Center in Yakima, to offer reproductive choice and healthcare.
The global hunger issue can seem overwhelming. The fact that more people will die from hunger this year than AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis and war combined is unbelievable. I've seen the emotional and physical toll hunger takes on the communities and families it impacts.
After 80 years studying the medicinal plants of the p\u00e1ramo -- an endangered alpine tundra ecosystem -- Mama Margarita says today may be her last time making the eight-hour, round-trip hike into the Andes.
Some might say it is too late to participate but I would counter with that now is the perfect time for you to get involved and be Making A Difference!
The BIG Project was established in 2011 to provide higher grade maternal care to combat the high maternal mortality rates in the Gambia through its motto


It seems that most people on either side have lost the emotional ability and space to recognize the humanity and suffering of the other. While this is understandable, it is still critically important to do our best to keep the emotional space to process and empathize.
The most important message I received during the workshop was how deeply the people in the room believed that providing savings accounts to children was a necessary and effective approach to increasing educational and economic opportunity.


For girls in Nigeria and around the world, education can enable economic independence, pave the way for political participation, and empower both men and women with the necessary knowledge to actively and effectively oppose oppressive norms that perpetuate different forms of violence against women.
The situation in India reveals startling information about the link between waste pollution and stunted growth, even in a food-secure world. To help ensure a brighter future for India's youth, the nation requires an investment in waste-treatment infrastructure, including toilets and waste-water treatment.
On August 1, 1973, the National Alliance for Optional Parenthood did a wonderful thing -- it celebrated Non-Parents Day by awarding a Male and Female National Non-Parent of the Year. Last year, 40 years later, this day was resurrected as International Childfree Day.
You probably knew him as Maverick or Rockford. He was an icon in film and television. At the National Veterans Foundation we knew him as a supporter who was there for veterans over and over. James Garner served as an honorary board member of the NVF for many years.
This is an interview with Jardana Peacock, based in Nashville, Tennessee, where she uses yoga as a healing tool for people working through emotional trauma and physical injury.
While the debate is lively at the Girls Summit, we wanted to take a moment to bring attention to it here in America because it deserves a global spotlight in order to find a solution to end this practice. However, the extreme challenge with ending FGM is that most of those who practice it don't believe they are doing any wrong.

Trying hard to write about Haiti, but my feelings about the babies in one orphanage in the mountains of Ayiti have haunted me for over a week. I honestly can't sleep and rest without her in my vision.
Although today is the first ever World Day against Trafficking in Persons, the issue of human trafficking is hardly a novel one; rather, this crime has sadly survived and thrived for thousands of years.


It is a different version of Bridge Over Troubled Waters, as the trouble here is the plastic waste.


Jesus once said that if we are faithful in little things, He would make us the ruler over great things (Matthew 25:21).  To that end, we want to offer a proposal of one small step towards resolving the Israeli/Palestinian conflict in the Holy Land.

I was stunned when I learned that hepatitis kills 1.4 million people every year, making it one of the world's top-10 killers along with ischemic heart disease, HIV/AIDS and lung cancer.
Over my 28 years living inside urban school systems, I have come to understand and believe that there are two things that we must do and/or keep in mind



As the baby grows inside me, we follow its growth week by week on our phones through our pregnancy app. It is an incredible experience to know that I'm carrying a child who is loved before even entering the world.
Let's talk about rape. No, not the rape of women and girls that seems to consume the media, and has become a staple for just about every drama on television these days. I'm talking about the conversation that nobody is having; the rape and sexual assault of men and boys.
When I told my wife, Caron, that I wanted to start a chocolate factory and quit my law practice she looked at me calmly, lovingly and asked, \Can't you just double up on your Lexapro?\ \No,\ I said \it's not that simple.
I push the button and the black steel door slides across its tracks, revealing morning traffic and fallen rusty flowers.
I liked all chocolate, basically never met a dessert I didn't like. I was not a connoisseur of anything, did not know how to manufacture or fix anything, beyond a paper jam in our copier. But, I went for it.
When I departed, I knew my next move needed to be in pursuit of a fulfilling mission, but I refused to accept that I had to choose between doing something meaningful or making money.
All I could think about was thank god I was not in Congo when this happened for, as amazing as our medical partners are there, there is much still that is needed to bring medicine up to western standards.
Why does a plane crash exert such a strong grip on our attention?  Perhaps the answer is obvious, yet different crashes evoke such different kinds of stories, in terms of both media impact and more personal, emotional resonances.

Despite the growing concern for Nigeria's future due to terrorism or the lack of conscientious leaders, I am optimistic.

The Peace Corps has always been about igniting a passion for service. When it was created by President John F. Kennedy, it presented a model for international service that was so unique, so unprecedented, that many said it will never work.

There's a big difference between how Mexican and Central American kids are treated once they cross the border. Mexican children and teens are deported almost immediately, in what's called expedited repatriation. The Central Americans aren't-- that is, yet.

Why are we eating and making our children eat so much without allowing them to go out and play outdoors? Most parents I know today give electronics for 2-3 years old kids as presents, \caging\ them at home playing digital lonely games.
The volunteer generation has come to adulthood. They are bringing skills learned in the classroom and practiced in community into the workplace and, yet, more often than not, they are settling into jobs that fit their skillset but not their budding passion.
I encourage the decision makers and the governments of the world to make the right decision and to include a sustainable development goal on governance so that we can truly measure the improvements in the lives of millions.

In a world full of technology, reality TV shows, and information, our children are being targeted for so many things.
Curiosity, joy, integrity, clarity of commitment -- all of these are essential to social entrepreneurship in its deepest sense. But I had to disrupt my life and take a risk in order to rediscover them.
Claudia is a music therapist who works with children with disabilities. She guides them in the knowledge of musical instruments by teaching them to play together in an orchestra, creating a perfect harmony of sounds and putting together a marvelous sequence of chords.
In a community born of suffering, of loss and outrage, the senselessness can sometimes be too much. So it felt when the announcement that possibly more than 100 AIDS activists, researchers and experts had been lost on MH17. But the AIDS community has a long history of mourning by fighting. Taking this punch and getting up to fight harder.
I arrived in Mandela's homeland thinking I had something to offer, but left feeling like I had just been given an education by some wiser friends.
As the day progressed, runners, walkers, and volunteers flocked to the registration area where I was working. It became organized chaos. Before long, the entire park was filled with bright yellow and orange shirts emblazoned with the YAI logo.
Clearly, our legal and policing systems have not kept up with the explosion of materials and the ease of access that modern electronic communications have provided to those with a predilection to abuse children.

Despite the remarkable progress achieved globally, the prevalence and incidence of HIV among these groups remains far higher than in the general population in almost all regions of the world due to restricted access to information, prevention and treatment.
When we stop behaving like xenophobic, isolationist silos, we might be able to prevent masses of people trying to escape abuse in their communities. We wait for crises to happen. We spend little time and money on prevention and we are in denial about the condition of the human spirit.
he United Nations World Food Program (WFP) in Ecuador is using ancestral knowledge (conocimiento ancestral) to effectively reduce the impacts of climate change by helping Ecuadorian people to successfully adapt.

Helping children develop skills for lifelong learning does not only have to rest with the education system or on parents. It's something in which all of us can participate and nurture.
The fight over indigenous peoples' rights in Africa is much larger than the World Bank, where its Indigenous Peoples Policy is applied infrequently. The greatest danger comes instead from the World Bank's image, for good or ill, as a global standard-setter.
When was the last time you reenacted a scene from The Adventures of Tom Sawyer? More to the point, when was the last time you whitewashed a fence -- or, better yet -- paid for the privilege?

Make abortion rare! By supporting universal contraceptive coverage. By supporting Planned Parenthood. By expanding education. By reducing unplanned pregnancies in all ways that empower women and reduce violence against women.
As the 2014 World Cup draws to a close, now is the time to enter an era of good governance of the world's most popular sport. That means FIFA, football's governing body, must change to ensure this beloved sport is a force for good in the world.
How did the rape of a young girl become a trending topic? Many of us are appalled that this event occurred and sadly enough it's not the first time.
Though attitudes about appropriate disciplinary practices for children have certainly shifted over the last decade and a half, the debate on them is hardly closed.
The lesson to learn from the \Carmen Rodriguez Story\ is that through hard work and dedication you can achieve your personal goals. Though life may hand you obstacles, you can turn them into opportunities.
Dire events can have a way of making you a believer in miracles. If you find yourself in such circumstances, you're not alone, lean in on your faith. And if you have none, trust me, you can find it.
We have the potential to do so much better and even create enjoyable lives for everybody.  This is a believe I share with many others. But, we should not be blind to things that are happening around us, which at times can be discouraging.
It's clear that we will never close this gap unless our federal and state funders dramatically increase their support. In the meantime, we must also find ways to expand access to information that can help those in need.
This summer, as you enjoy time off of work, keep in mind that the little things we do everyday and the opportunities we have to use our voice will have enormous impact for those living in poverty globally.

When I watched the sunrise during my morning jog, I realized something. A smile came to my face because I realized that I'm alive, healthy and it has officially been ten years since my near fatal car accident.
Rather than continuing to react to fear, how about we develop a foreign-policy strategy that is based on a long-term vision rooted in love?

It is important not to forget that violence does not prevent violence. Only a negotiated peace between Israel and the Palestinians can eliminate this violence we have inherited from our parents.
On days when you get to relax and have fun gathering with your friends and family for picnics and maybe some fireworks, give a few minute thoughts to those who keep us safe while we do it.


I got the chance to be in an inspiring place where you can actually breathe knowledge and engagement for social-economic and human causes, namely poverty eradication and food access ( or accessibility) to all.
Corruption is a disaster for development. It wastes the resources that can build sustainable economies, guts confidence in government, and fuels inequality and conflict.
If someone on Twitter thinks gays should not have the right to marry, my 140 retort back isn't going to change their minds. I've never heard anyone ever say, \Someone posted a .jpeg on Facebook and now I'm a liberal!\
As I walked and talked to these men, it felt like striking up a conversation in a park. They were regular people. I felt safe having long conversation with them.
If you want to take things up a notch, creating a social presence for your organization's CEO is the way to go.
It's hard to accept the fact that an organization to which you choose to dedicate your time and service may not be the worthwhile organization you originally thought it to be.
It takes more than being smart to graduate, much less think about a first-generation higher education. It takes a learning environment, one that nourishes ambition and emphasizes routine.
The number of children dying from vehicle-induced heatstroke is heartbreaking. We are barely into the hot summer months of 2014, and have already lost the lives of at least 15 children.


From what I hear, read and see, the VFW does a fine job at the national level. But, as with any large organization, many of the \good things\ take place where the rubber hits the road, at the local Posts.



To me, patriotism isn't just about celebrating our strengths; it's also about getting real about where we can -- and must -- do better.

Today, July 2, 2014, marks the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the landmark legislation signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson outlawing discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
Award-winning journalist and Lesscancer.org Board Member Miles O'Brien is training for The Less Cancer Bike Ride to Mackinac. The ride leaves July 12th with O'Brien and Team Less Cancer.
My name is Peter Frates, and I was diagnosed on that date with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) -- otherwise known as Lou Gehrig's disease. As we mourn the 75-year anniversary of Gehrig's famous Fourth of July \Luckiest Man\ speech, I am here to tell my own story and raise awareness of the effects of this terrible disease.
World Environment Day is in June, so it seemed fitting to post this article in June.  Then, I got to thinking, every day should be a day where we are working to make sustainable changes for our environment.
You know those seasons in life that you look back on and think, \Whew, those were some amazing times!\? Well, that's how we're going to look back on what's happening right now.
The terrorist attacks perpetrated in Boston, London, Mumbai, Nairobi and New York, and the kidnapping of schoolgirls in Nigeria, have all been amplified by communication. The fear of crime is becoming almost as pervasive and harmful as crime itself.
I figure, the least we can do is give back. These charities do some really innovative work to support vets, and other American heroes.

At 44, she doesn't take this work for granted -- it's been a long road from selling food off a street cart to owning her own restaurant.
Shukri Sheikh Ali thought this year would be different. It was to be a time of rebuilding, of recovering, of returning home. Instead, she is starting over once again from scratch, her land thirsty for rain and her village emptied by conflict.

Don't let its friendly moniker fool you

I don't define myself solely by my job. For me, it's just as important to use my time outside of work in ways that are fulfilling. In my spare time, I volunteer with the YAI Network.


Poverty, ignorance, poor health and undernutrition trap the lives of mothers and infants in vicious cycles according to the findings of a Symposium on Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition in Emerging Markets.


Americans love shrimp. In fact, we love it so much that we eat it more than any other seafood, and almost more than tuna and salmon combined. However, that love comes with a price -- and a steep one at that.
Though illness is universal, access to care is not. Around the world, over 1 billion people in the world's most remote villages go their entire lives without being seen by a health worker.
Because of my PTSD, I couldn't leave the house without the constant fear that someone was going to kill me. I figured my life was over as I knew it. I was wrong.

Our idea was to take clothes that are not needed anymore and give them to the not so fortunate ones, and to do so by building a unique network all over India. Our basic insight was that we saw a poor delivery mechanism for donations, which lacked efficiency and credibility.
On this National HIV Testing Day #NHTD I share my recent experience not to excuse my decision making, but to encourage others who may find themselves in a similar situation to take action.
I've done dozens of interviews about child labor in tobacco farming, both as the one asking the questions and the one answering them. But none of them were quite like my interview with Samantha Bee.
The 2014 Special Olympics USA National Games have just concluded and I applaud all of the event organizers, volunteers, supporters, and especially the athletes, for making this an amazing event.
The ban on federal funds for syringe services programs (SSPs) wrests control from injection drug users -- an abject failure of government to support evidence-based public health, and a rejection of the domestic and global goal of an AIDS-free generation.
About a hundred first responders are meeting in Long Beach, California this week to discuss -- among other things -- the state of the nation's infrastructure.
Elementary school classes with 200 kids and only one teacher. Textbooks shared by 10 or more students. Children working off of bricks under a tree, rather than at desks in a classroom. These kinds of learning conditions are the reality in many parts of Malawi.
Lost amidst the flurry of changes is a pervasive health care policy issue that significantly affects all of our health outcomes as well as our health care dollar
As the sector continues to grow, we collectively owe a huge debt of gratitude to the late Nelson Mandela. Mandela was a major advocate for using sports to promote change, and many people credit him with being the \father\ of Sport for Good.

The report, the White House event and this week's activities on Capitol Hill kick off a summer of impact investment advocacy that will culminate in a September report from a global task force established at last June's G8 summit in the United Kingdom.
Big dates make us pause, review where our lives have taken us, reevaluate our priorities and set new goals. For those who do not have children, a change of scenery to clear your head and make a difference for communities in need can help.
I want to protect our environment because I love it. I would go out to East Hampton when I was young and absorb the magic of the elements of sun, sand, salt and water. I also spent summers in Maine, where I had more of the woods and the Henry David Thoreau experience of living simply.
From October 16-19, 2014, the Girl Scouts of the USA will bring our 2014 National Council Session/53rd Convention to Salt Lake City, Utah.
In 2003, I learned I was HIV-positive on a return visit to Zambia. In that moment I felt entirely hopeless as my mother had just recently passed away, too. I had the support of my family and those that I worked with, but no guarantee for my future. Would I, too, be part of the lost generation in Zambia?
Just 25 years ago, scientists identified the previously unknown virus that has since killed hundreds of thousands of Americans. It now threatens the health of millions more.

While remittances to Africa are helping to reduce poverty in individual households in sub-Saharan Africa, panelists from top financial institutions and the African Diasporan community agreed that channeling remittances flows through collective investment schemes and other innovative approaches are necessary to maximize its impact for sustainable development.
Lots of people invest their money one way or another. It's in one's self-interest to build their own financial security. Some people do very well at it.
We hear it after every mass shooting



Misogyny is a universal phenomenon which is prevalent in every society in varying degrees and in different forms. Rape is one of the most perverted expressions of misogyny as it bestows ultimate humiliation on the victim.
Funnel that inner dialogue into simply what is happening in the moment -- no criticism, assumption, judgment, or evaluation.
I know from my experience as a midwife and an academic that midwifery is the best value option for delivering high-quality maternal and newborn care. By a long way, investing in well-educated midwives can give a 16-fold return on investment.

As Africans, we are tired of caricatures. But we are also tired of waiting to be led toward the one Africa we all want -- the Africa that can and should be. We know the real Africa, filled with possibilities, dignity and opportunities. Never has the time been more right for us to finally realize our full potential.
What if, in doing so, we won't just create new opportunities for ourselves, we'll also uncover ways to create new opportunities for our families that may not have otherwise existed?
A noteworthy event took place in Newtown, CT last month. On May 31, the Newtown community proudly hosted a gathering of visitors. No media, no politics -- just people.
The barriers are perceived as unbreakable, but what I found was that barriers can and will be broken down all the time, all around us. The world may be failing the youth of Syria by not realizing peace, but the youth of Syria will not fail the world.
This is an interview with Peggy Hong, who is part of a growing movement to incorporate themes of social justice into yoga classes, workshops, and programs.
I have been a volunteer tennis coach for the Special Olympics in Mercer County, New Jersey for over 10 years, and I can confidently say that it has been one of the most rewarding and enjoyable experiences of my life.
In my recent trip to Brazil, I had the opportunity to learn about Bolsa Familia -- one of the most popular cash-transfer schemes in Latin America.
So if we stay calm and focus on our passions, they will transform in what we truly want to be and do, because we are human beings willing to make a meaningful difference in the world, at least for the amount of time we are on earth.

Few focus on supporting social purpose businesses that aim to provide investors with a financial return as well as a positive social impact.
I have a relationship with my children's dad today that is nothing short of miraculous. We laugh, we talk, love our sons unconditionally and with unabashed pride. Would I be the person I am today had I not been born to my family, through my father, to the life I live?
Yesterday, I moderated a panel on the role technology plays in creating social impact. The Tech+SocialGood panel was held at Google Campus and organized as part of London Technology Week

Philanthropy and charitable donations are back! Americans once again gave more in 2013 than in the previous year. As Americans, we supported causes we cared about with gifts both big and small.
Parents count of schools to \do right\ by our children and to ensure that, just as kids learn reading and math skills that lay the foundation for later learning and success, healthy eating is taught and modeled throughout the school day as well. This is important for all kids, but especially for low-income children.
We're the newest recruits to join the age-old struggles against the violence of apathy and ignorance.  While we can expect to venture into new areas of knowledge, and we may be the first to confront new illnesses, these forces of violence will be at work, and they are anything but new.
I began to think of my father as less of a ghost that haunted me and more as a flawed man that I wouldn't allow to hurt me any longer. It took time and patience, but I stuck with it. Then one day, I was actually able to say the words out loud and with nobody else around


In a loving tribute to her dad, singer/songwriter Sarah McLachlan's new album Shine On was largely inspired by the passing of her father. The result is an emotional, heartfelt mix of photos and quotes set to Sarah's acoustic version of the song about her dad Jack, who you see at the end of the video.
Fatherhood is a big business these days, but it's missing an important piece.
My father taught me many lessons. One that still resonates true today is, \Be an engine, not a caboose.\ Lead the train down the track; don't follow it. It's funny how a few words you hear as a child echo inside you decades later.
But as we divide them up, zero in on the one that is more powerful than the other -- have we looked over the heads of the survivors, ignored their politics, their power?
It's hard for me to remember my dad before the hospitals, the psychiatric wards, the 911 calls and hospice care. He was sick for so long, it feels like he was always that way. But there are moments that are clear to me and that Germany-USA match is one of them.
While we now refer to Angelou as a renaissance woman, until she published I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings in her 40s, her life resembled what is referred to in ghetto parlance as a hot mess.
The truth is there's more and more information out there about how to succeed in making a difference from the inside.  It's easier now more than ever for employees who want to have impact in their work, to find the tools and understand the challenges they face to get there. But every story has more than one side.  Where are the companies at?


\How can we make malaria matter?\ That's the question I was asked most often as I traveled throughout Thailand and into the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh to study the parasitic infectious disease that still kills an estimated 1 million human beings each year.
The concern with protecting Brazilian children and adolescents from child labor during the World Cup is both legitimate and necessary.

You can't help but be part of the whole. This is not only your life that we're talking about. How you speak to your loved ones, the energy you bring when you walk into a room, how you spend your down time -- it all matters. The impact is far-reaching, and it starts with you.
Choosing to give or not to give comes down to our own beliefs as well as many momentary factors. Here are the ways I believe you can do the most good.
What does Harry Belafonte have in common with Donald Sterling? They both believe that successful African Americans fail to give back to the broader black community. But I think that the more important point, which is being lost, is this
I had never seen the Mississippi River up close, with its picture-perfect views until I arrived in Wisconsin, but the beautiful city of La Crosse will also stand out to me for some of the best food in AMERICA.
I cannot fathom why the UK government is not denouncing the Sri Lankan government's atrocities. Why are they not demanding that the perpetrators be brought to justice? Why are they deporting survivors of torture and rape back to Sri Lanka, and endangering their lives?
\Every card is a person. But you can only reach a finite number of people; love will multiply with more hands.\ He was right.

I often find it hard to express complex and intense emotions in words. But the word \Karibu\ says so much. It captures the heart of Tanzanian and broader East African culture.
The 70th anniversary of D-Day is now history -- and what a history! But the deeds of its heroes, the images of the celebration and our reflections on that historic day linger on.

Today's easy citizenship does not require much of us. Taxation enables us to support common projects and voting to elect candidates that a majority supports. But there are far too few experiences that bring us together in shared community and national purpose.
Making medical care more accessible is great, and the long-term goal of building new facilities and refurbishing old ones sounds great.  But let's address the real problem
Drums always make me think of Africa and the ways we celebrate. In fact, we will go out of our way to find a reason to celebrate.  Drumbeats accompany marriages, births, graduations, protests, celebrations . . . pretty much any major milestone. The birth of a child is celebrated with drums that have a particularly special meaning.  After all, when an unborn child is developing, the first sound it hears is mother's rhythmic heartbeat.
Instead of criminalizing bullying, we must work to prevent bullying before it starts by creating safe and supportive school climates and providing consequences that help restore and repair relationships and environments, preventing bullying from continuing.



Ambassador Russell's call for rescuing the nearly 300 Nigerian girls abducted by Boko Haram and then sending them to school ignores reality.
Cliches don't help careers or shape character. Real concrete opportunities do.  National service -- a \service year\ -- is one opportunity that every young person needs to hear about.
First Lady Michelle Obama's call to action to end homelessness among veterans by the end of 2015 is an achievable mission if we unite as a country now. We can end chronic homelessness among veterans with the continued support from local, state and federal government working together with community partners.
Imagine fleeing a war that is taking place in your country. The further the distance you get from the fighting, the safer you would seem to be. Tragically this is not the case. For another enemy is waiting for you. It is hunger, and dehydration. These are the most relentless of foes. You cannot run from them.
We've all heard that money can't buy happiness. It may interest you to know that Michael Norton of the Harvard Business School says, \If you think money can't buy happiness, you're not spending it right.\ His study found that what generates happiness is spending it on others.

This is the one gem of light in the otherwise torturous loss of a loved one. Being conscious of this gift, allowing it and remembering it (for yourself and others) could be life changing during grieving, so spread the word.
Ironically, it has been about two years since one of my many doctors wrote a script for my use of medicinal marijuana, I never asked for one, and never used it.
So here we sit in the 21st century. Women still asking if they can work, eat, be paid equally, have abortions, a job and an education. Here we are still wondering what we need to do to be equal in the world, in our families, cultures, and in ourselves.

Imagine what would happen if you brought nearly 400 university-age students together -- half from the US and half from China. It would be the start of something pretty spectacular.
Beyond Words in creating a space where it's safe to tell forbidden stories; stories about what it's like to live next to the person you've been taught is your enemy. Stories about rape, fear and prejudice being used as weapons in every day life.
On the key issue of why a young person would leave school without a diploma, researchers found that 25 different factors were mentioned over and over again, with abuse, homelessness and time in juvenile detention topping the list.
Universal Healthcare and Livable Social Security are essential to save our states, cities, public authorities and public education from the crippling and bankrupting burdens of healthcare and pensions and for economic recovery and national prosperity.
The love and support of my wife and four year-old daughter notwithstanding, I'm not sure I would have made it through that summer, or that year, had it not been for Born in the USA, the new album from Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band.

Now that I've been nominated as a candidate for the 2014 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) Man & Woman of the Year campaign, I have another chance at redemption.
As a girl who has accomplished things that many didn't think were possible, I know that people can be wrong when they judge someone else just because they are different.

He rightly asks the question



America remembers its soldiers killed in action, preferably with a parade, which, surprisingly enough, is a festive event. And my new home town of Princeton, NJ, where I moved two years ago from Holland, is no exception.
Disasters can strike at any place, and any time. But, as Save the Children uncovered in its 15th annual State of the World's Mothers report, the devastation they leave in their wake impacts some more than others
Imagine watching your child face each day with pain and suffering, when even gentle hugs can bring about tears and every day is a challenge just to take a bath or walk up stairs.

For anyone invested in reproductive justice today, Willie Parker, MD, MPH, MSc, is at the top of the hero list.
Let's talk about what we, as soccer fans around the world, can do to make some noise about labor rights and abuse of the very workers who make events like the World Cup and Olympics possible.

Though terrorism is an insidious threat, the biggest risk to Africa's children is disease, which often can be prevented through routine immunization.
What if, together, we can see to it puberty is a wonderful passage into all of the possibilities of adulthood, instead of a life sentence into insecurity, shame and isolation for young women?
It was the summer of 1979. There were about 20 interns, and we were each assigned to an Assistant U.S. Attorney (AUSA), one of the hundred or so line prosecutors in the office. I was assigned to AUSA Ted Lackland.
When punk rocker Billy Idol found \Generation X\ on one of his mother's book shelves, the title seemed more than appropriate for an emerging band searching for a new identity and a rebellious voice.
Pacific fleet. My Father was one of the airmen who became known as the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders of the 17th Bombardment Group of the Army Air Corps. 80 men volunteered for \an extremely hazardous mission,\ without knowing the target, location, or the assignment.


Although we are all aware of the remarkable leadership and sacrifice of great generals of wars past and present, it is the silence of those men and women who died during combat that speaks so clearly to the meaning of bravery and patriotism.
Replicating the social business equity investments with unemployed youth around the world can help solve the age-old problem of unemployment, not just in the poor countries but in any country and can turn job-seekers into job creators.
For too long I suppressed my feelings and allowed hate, anger and pain to engulf my life, and it almost cost me everything. Now I feel as if I have finally found my place in the world and I work every day toward becoming a better man and trying to find a way to honor the memory of my fallen comrades.
We live in a country that allows each of us to follow our dream of doing what we love -- and it's because of our brave military members that this is possible.
There is a busy street just on the edge of downtown Los Angeles that is becoming well known. Not because of its manicured trees and landscaping, since there are very few trees. Not because of its high-end boutique shopping stores, since there are none.
For so many people, Memorial Day is about the start of summer, family cookouts and trips to the beach. And while all those things celebrate the freedoms we all enjoy as Americans, for the families of our fallen troops Memorial Day is deeply personal.

Mental health challenges are a significant barrier to economic and social development around the world. Resources and expertise are extremely limited, creating a huge gap between the need and the ability to treat.

The day a baby is born should be joyful. Mothers should be filled with anticipation, envisioning an exciting future with their child. However, too many women on my ward see their baby's day of birth as the beginning of a life filled with pain, shame and isolation.
At the end of the day, this life is more than I deserve, so with a little humor, I'm here to set the record straight. Being in a wheelchair isn't so bad after all, and I've compiled a list that proves just that!
When I think about how hard my mother worked to send me and my siblings to school, I know that these girls' mothers are working just as hard. I know it! Whether they have been to school or not, mothers know how essential education is for their daughters.
The world would be a lot simpler if humans were built to be the same, or at least very similar. We would understand how each other thinks, our paths to get to a certain point in life would be the same, and our opinions would be non-existent.
This one presented a unique opportunity for all of us to contribute, without ever having to spend a nickel

How is it that in 2014 a girl still has to ask for a whiteboard in her classroom? How is it that in 2014 more than 200 girls can simply vanish into a forest for more than a month?

Almost 6 million of the most vulnerable people living in the nine World Cup participating Latin American countries today do not receive treatment for their most debilitating neglected tropical disease.



The lack of diversity in children's literature is a problem that requires a market-based solution.  That starts with understanding the pressures facing the book industry.
As I walk around the city, I see the shrines and monuments to the Holocaust. This includes park benches with their\u00a0Nein Juden\u00a0signs removed, old SS buildings that are now boarded up, and freshly-sprayed swastikas that remind me how the soul of anti-Semitism lives on.
Global Kids stresses the importance of participation and coming up with action plans, that is, not only just talking about an issue, but actually getting active in the community.
Crises have a way of swallowing quality and achievement when we allow them to justify haste.  The antidote seems to be action that is strategic, reflective, and urgent.
People today generally agree that the goal of education is to convey knowledge. But if all the world's knowledge is instantaneously available online via a mobile device, how does that affect what we need to teach in schools and through other educational channels?


The fact is, most people know very little about the bone marrow donation process, and quite often, have outdated or inaccurate ideas about how it works.
In 2014, we look at many of those past inequalities as unjust, often struggling to understand why these people were denied equal rights for so long. This begs the question, what will future generations view as unjust in our current society?
When studies take place, researchers often fail to analyze data by sex or include sex-specific factors, making it difficult to uncover differences in incidence, prevalence and survivability between men and women.
Have I offended you yet? Have you already started crafting a nasty comment to post below?
Despite a certain degree of activism by some women leaders, the progress of girls' education across Africa still lags behind that of boys at all levels and is particularly bleak at the postgraduate level.

The written word is a vehicle for social change. The stroke of a pen can incite a call to action against unquestioned forms of injustice. For decades, journalism has been used as a medium to advance women's rights movements.
The recent tragic events expose the critical importance of good governance. As its politicians and bureaucrats are neither accountable to, nor in touch with, their own people, Nigeria suffers from failures of representation.
On November 25, 2008 a group of Islamic terrorists invaded and lay siege to the building all employees and guests of the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel in Mumbai. Remarkably all the employees chose to remain in the building, rather than flee to safety as they were instructed to do in cases of emergency.
What do my teens feel about what's happened in Nigeria? Or about the fact that in some parts of the world, attempting to pursue an education could cost a girl her freedom and her life? What do the their teenage friends think? What's the buzz in the high school halls?
Fewer than 60 percent of girls have met a woman in a science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) career. Maybe that is part of the reason why women represent only 14 percent of the engineering workforce. If there were more role models, how many more girls might be inspired to pursue a passion in engineering or start up a tech company?

In recognition of the International Year of the Family, which was first declared by the United Nations on May 15 20 years ago, the Alliance for Children and Families and Generations United set about taking America's temperature on family connections across generations
This is an interview with Philipa von Kerckerinck, who found a way to combine her graduate work in international development with yoga.

Our message is simple. People should have the right to decide -- who they live with; what happens to their bodies; if, when, and how many children to have -- the right to determine their futures.
You might not be able to bring back the girls kidnapped in Nigeria with your support now, but you can ensure that the world takes preventive steps to ensure that women and girls are protected, empowered, and educated -- fearlessly -- around the world.
What brings comfort to my heart as a mother? I long for the day when my kids want for themselves what I want for them -- pure hearts, faith, health, open minds, great character and the drive to succeed.
The outrage and sadness I feel at the abduction of these young girls in Nigeria cannot be described.

At some point in time when we are in a conversation with someone who is disabled, we always come to the point that somebody will ask \What do you have?\
So we're fighting for our Moms, for their memory, for their daughters, for their granddaughters and every generation to come -- so they can live the full lives they deserve and proudly carry forward the genes of the valiant women our Mothers were.

The word cure evokes powerful images of treatments ending, and a survivor stepping away from the carnage to begin a new life. It is the hope many cancer patients reach for. This is why OHSU sparked outrage this week when they began their One Down Campaign.
Today celebrates a decade-long movement to gain public and private interest to increase financial support, resources and assistance for the chronic, autoimmune disease that affects an estimated 2 million people in the United States alone.
Seven years ago, I Iost my mother after she waged a long battle with ovarian cancer. The memory of her struggle fills me with both pride and sadness. Most of all, it makes me want to strike back against the disease that killed her. I want to help bring an end to cancer.


Giving is good for your health. Well, if you wanted a selfish reason, there you have one! A study last year at the University of Exeter Medical School found that volunteering was connected to lower rates of depression.
Creating a human being and creating a social venture have a lot in common

In those cities, residents and visitors gathered to celebrate the states' historic votes to legalize and regulate recreational use of marijuana.

Six months after one of the strongest tropical storms ever recorded on earth slammed into the Philippines last November, the physical signs of recovery are increasingly visible.
Late spring 1993, a widow and her three children became homeless. Tyeast Boatwright had managed to get by after her husband's death. She'd had a good job coding pediatric medical records for the University of Chicago, but administrative cuts eliminated her position.

Victim blaming has absolutely no place in the courtroom, especially by a judge.
We donate to a few causes we care about, and occasionally sign an online petition, but we throw our hands up in defeat when it comes to tackling the big issues facing our country.
We know bullying is a common factor in many school shooting incidents, but what does the data really say? As a trained researcher, I wanted to dig deeper beyond the news reports and went searching for the study.

I never considered my mother a gambler, but looking back to my earliest days in Ethiopia, I realize that the likelihood of my mother and me both dying during childbirth was alarmingly high.
You might ask why a very successful professional at the top of her game might leave the comfort and prestige of a hard-won executive role leading the largest research team in the world to go on a pilgrimage, build houses in 20 remote countries for Habitat for Humanity all while roping in a degree from the Harvard Divinity School!
Paulo Freire, author of the seminal 1970 book Pedagogy of the Oppressed, saw the world not as a given reality, but as \a problem to be worked on and solved.\

As parents, we have an important role to play. We might not be super cool stunt bikers, but our kids are watching us just as closely as they watch Chris Clark or any of the other extreme athletes who will be participating (and wearing helmets) in next month's X Games.
No matter who or where we are in the world, we all want our mothers and babies to be healthy.

The AIDS epidemic in America is still far too real. And the risk factors have taken on a new face

Italian entrepreneur Arturo Vittori has designed a seemingly economical and sustainable solution for harvesting atmospheric water vapors -- literally collecting drinking water from the air.

Tuesday's Give Local America event is expected to be the largest online community giving event in U.S. history.
Laborers, mostly immigrants, are now less likely to be abused, and they experience better working conditions and receive higher pay.
When University of Massachusetts Dartmouth senior Kerenne Paul crosses the stage in her cap and gown on Friday, May 16, the occasion will be a day of firsts for the 22-year-old formerly homeless undergraduate and her mentors at the non-profit organization, SOWMA.
Many people who suffer from serious health problems spend a significant amount time in a hospital. They typically have a variety of appointments with doctors and therapists, and much of their time is consumed traveling among medical professionals. Providing a yoga class in a hospital setting allows patients to have access to yoga in a convenient location.
By marrying branding and fundraising, non-profits can achieve a strong, consistent and persuasive message, one that provides the \who\ and the \what\ -- and for supporters, the all-important \why.\

I am in no way diminishing the need for ongoing advocacy and increased recognition and value for nursing. Nursing is, and will always be, a big part of who I am -- but we need to be  confident in the important role we play in health care delivery.
When I hear or read that individuals on the autism spectrum don't form relationships, don't understand what's going on around them, or that they're \in their own world,\ I think of Sam.
The 39th President of the United States identifies some of the most deplorable and widespread acts of gender-based violence -- something he calls \the most serious challenge facing us now\ -- while taking special issue with the religious persecution of women.

With Mother's Day right around the corner, now is perfect time for us to reflect on why they are so special. After speaking with four moms who all share a vision for supporting moms-to-be, it was easy to see that there was something heroic about all of them.
I write today not just to applaud a bunch of teens who got up early on a Saturday morning to help, without a single request for \service hours,\ but to underscore the importance of a packet of mayonnaise.
Arianna's message -- and specific tips -- about well-being should be directed with special attention to not-for-profit and social enterprise professionals ... Enabling them to take care of themselves first will allow them to more effectively take care of the people they aim to serve.
The consequences of violence for young people are far-reaching, spanning generations. Exposure to an assault and abuse does not only leave physical scars.
With millions of Californians gaining health and dental coverage under the Affordable Care Act, the demand for doctors and other providers is greater than ever. Recent advances in technology have made telehealth an important tool in connecting children to health care providers.
I have been around confident, amazing women my whole life -- from school, to work, to the mothers of my children's friends, there are confident women all around me. And I, myself, have had a successful career. With that said, when I think deeply about it, I do see examples fairly frequently that can fall under the theme of the confidence gap.
Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) and poverty reinforce each other through mechanisms that involve reductions in workforce, food insecurity, and the health of girls and women.
So how can we as communities do more than just celebrate, and really help and embrace our veterans so the transition from military life to civilian life is not as painful?
Libraries across the nation, large and small, north and south, east and west, are getting hit as low-hanging fruit in budget battles everywhere. Fortunately we have very loud supporters like Henry Rollins and EveryLibrary.
As the days went on, the cards kept coming in... one by one they added up until I had over 1,600 cards dispersed throughout my room. The storm had lifted... the night had passed.  There was nothing but light and love bouncing off the walls of my transplant room.
Canada must acknowledge that gender inequality, race, incest and histories of oppression are the pillars of the sex trade, including prostitution.
Many volunteers also carry their own stories, leaving behind families, professions and busy lives when the dispatch call arrives. Internationally renowned Israeli cantor, Shlomo Glick of Jerusalem is one of those volunteers.
While the technical arguments might seem arcane, the underlying question of the impact of a development intervention is an important one.
Advancing the maternal and child health agenda in Kenya requires collective action from the international development community, donors and local organizations and communities.

Being a mother of three young children and a physician in a busy inner city hospital, walking is not my natural inclination. Running and running fast (hence the fracture) is the pace I like. But being forced to a walk was the greatest gift I could have imagined.

In Brazil, the government ensures that mental health is understood as a fundamental part of overall well-being, and therefore promotes diagnosis and treatment in coordination with other health services, never in isolation.

One of the biggest challenges not-for-profits face in gaining support is the simple fact that no one cares what they do until they know why it matters. It's pretty much a take off on the old clich\u00e9
There is still much to do -- millions of lives to save and people to make healthy. Bill Gates believes his beloved downward red line can dip below \well below a million\ in his lifetime, and we agree.
Expressing their concerns were several women veterans who sat on their chairs with determined faces, strong voices, but with tentative dispositions that revealed difficult experiences that they probably have not shared with anyone.
My travels have taken me through most every large shelter in North America, and I always get a smile when I first walk into rural services. In contrast to spaces in large shelters, the \Friendship Center\ in the Ithaca Rescue Mission, is more like a living room.
Though intended to be empowering and to potentially make those who bully others \regret\ their actions, VH1's foray into the anti-bullying world actually sends the opposite message.
The spirit of young people, their idealism and desire to serve have been a source of inspiration since I co-founded City Year 25 years ago.
If we could do half as good a job of creating a meaningful taboo in the United States around buying and selling young people for sex as we do around smoking, we'd be so much further along the road to eliminating demand.

The loss of my beautiful mane validates that I am indeed ill. All these years friends and strangers alike would remark, \Wow, you can't be sick you look so good\, and damn it, I did look good!


It might seem odd to want to help those who have offended, injured or hurt others, but I'm persuaded that simply condemning and persecuting those who offend, those who fail, is not a healthy way forward.
I consider myself a proudly visible member of the most invisible segment of our society - older women. I want to help redefine how society thinks an older woman should look, talk, dress, and date, all by the way I live my life.

Local government leaders can help to foster successful solutions in their communities by providing an environment that welcomes and encourages the contributions of nonprofit partners.
So, I'm outing myself here. Here is my impossible dream
The World Economic Forum launched the 2014 Global Information Technology Report (GITR) today, and the annual assessment provides insight into two questions
Being able to see and feel real lungs helped make the harmful effects of smoking tangible to students. Rather than being told that smoking \is bad for you,\ students could truly conceptualize what habitual smoking can do to the body. The level of engagement and excitement in this middle school classroom was astonishing.
Beyond the Pioneer digs in and tries to isolate those variables that facilitate or hinder scale. When it comes to market-based solutions, scale is the object of the game; yet it remains elusive.
Students also need help! Both those who are bullied and those subjected to bullying need guidance and assistance in order to address root causes and redirect negative behaviors.
Syrian children continue to suffer immeasurably -- targeted by snipers, enduring hunger and displacement from their homes, a lack of health care, and the unsanitary conditions of massive refugee camps stretching out for miles.
The tragedy is that while Malawi has shown that nurses can reliably deliver this simple lifesaving drug to mothers who need it, the country cannot deliver the drug to the nurses who need to dispense it.
Despite their deep attachment to and lightning-speed use of technology on a daily basis, U.S. students, as a whole, perform dismally in STEM -- science, technology, engineering and math.
Too many transportation initiatives focus on cars and highways, thus favoring the rich and the middle class. But there are ways to provide safer, more affordable, eco-friendly and reliable transportation to the poor in the Global South, as the following examples demonstrate.

It all started when a 65-year-old retired carpenter named Fred Colgan met Damon Ogle, an engineer with a new \green\ stove design.
Telling stories across multiple media forms, tapping the strengths of each, offers the potential to develop meaningful stories in much deeper and more engaging ways.
Former NFL star Pat Tillman, who walked away from his professional football career with the Arizona Cardinals to serve with the Army Rangers, was killed in Afghanistan on April 22, 2004. Ten years ago today.
Occupy Wall Street and U.S. Uncut announced that founding members of those groups would be launching The After Party on May 2. As of the announcement, The After Party's website was already up, with a powerful Manifesto and appealing Platform.
The good news about messes is that you get to clean them up and when you're cleaning them up you get to work things out and hopefully when you work things out you end up with a beautiful ending.

Prisoner rape is devastating; It is also preventable. This crisis will only end if corrections agencies across the country take full responsibility for the safety of their detainees. The May 15 PREA certification process is an important moment for governors to declare their commitment.
There are some things we now understand about human development. Besides the need for food and water and basic shelter, we humans are all the same in one fundamental way
I'm recently back from New Delhi where I attended meetings on global health security, tuberculosis, and HIV -- and very importantly, participated in the World Health Organization's event to certify Southeast Asia free of polio.
#teamnocancer is one digital marketing strategist's entry for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society's local Man/Woman of the Year fundraising competition.
I was struck by a question from Curtis Ogden of Interaction Institute for Social Change which boiled down to \What's love got to do with it?\ As it turns out, when making a connection between values and practices, love can play a central role.
The Easter message focuses on resurrection, the denial of death and the assertion of life. It is about living in the light, moving beyond idols with limited possibility, forgiveness and living our highest possibility connected to the Divine. But is this a message we embrace?


Erin has been living inside the Jnana Sanjeevini Medical Center for the poor in Bangalore. She is working tirelessly to better the health of people who live in India's villages and have no access to health care.
As meditation became part of my regular mental fitness regime, it re-directed my life and catapulted me into becoming an accidental entrepreneur, which is a little ironic.
\You've Got This\ aims to do for people with bipolar disorder what \It Gets Better\ has done for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youth. It aims to create community and provide advice and hope to those going through the difficult time of bipolar diagnosis.
In much of my feminist writing today, I am constantly reminded that some of the earliest books on topics like gender inequality, beauty standards and the racial divide could have been written today.
Everyday millions of Americans would go unfed, unsheltered, and untreated if our cities and counties didn't administer benefits and services like food assistance, shelter, and healthcare.
He survived a broken childhood in north Toronto, striving without always succeeding to resist the violence, drugs and despair around him. To escape his fate, Joe joined one of our first youth conferences in 1999, and later traveled overseas to volunteer in poor communities.
Food Tank is also excited to announce a new collaboration with the Global Forum on Agricultural Research (GFAR). GFAR brings together all those working to strengthen and transform agricultural research for development around the world.
Here's an idea for all high-tech inventors in Silicon Valley and there's a pile of money waiting for the person who can make it a reality
In the days after the marathon bombing, I witnessed so many Bostonians experiencing a mental state I'd had as my normal baseline for years
Here are three \greats\ among the nonprofits of my past.
And last summer, members of Love Wins Ministries, an organization that feeds breakfast to anyone in need on weekends in Raleigh
We as a society must start to realize that the practice of child marriage must cease to persist, for the sake of the future of these girls that are married to early. Child marriage is a cultural issue, but it is also a social justice issue and a national health issue in Nigeria.
Nonprofit recruiting can be a hit-or-miss process, often producing candidates who are readily available and familiar to the current board. Rarely will the committee seek out people who have strong track records as strategists and/or competent visionaries.
With the country in ruin and the male population vastly reduced by killing and exodus, the post-genocide population, 70 percent
I believe, that regardless of diagnosis, all veterans need support in the transition from military life to veteran and civilian life and that this transition is not often an easy one.
This April Rwandans will remember the 20th anniversary of a genocide the world did nothing to stop.
The wise person understands why we run from questions that we might not be able to answer, and why we wrongly avoid other obstacles or risks that we should face.  Our default emotions have evolved to lament loss more than to celebrate gain.
When asked about his childhood, Jean Bosco Ngwabije, 33, remembers two things -- fighting and running.
Keep this guidance in mind, when you are putting together a donation bag
South-South Cooperation refers to the exchange of resources, know-how and technology between countries in the Global South
Does it really matter if women are in public office in equal numbers to men? Yes it does, just check the research that has
Then I felt it... a weighty, wet, salty tear slip out of the corner of my eye. All I could think to do was not have him see me, so I quickly bent down so he would not see that I had started to cry. As I crouched down out of sight, I wondered how I could disappear
She said the findings illustrate the need for better methods of collecting data on childhood TB, including better diagnostics
Women had always played an important role in Tunisia - Queen Didon founded Carthage in the 9th Century BC. In 1956, Habib Bourguiba, Tunisia's first president, empowered women, giving them progressive rights compared to Arab countries and even European countries.
For many people April is the month to commemoration the Rwandan genocide; it is the month to pay homage to those who lost their lives. However, to me, April is just another month I try live without remembering the genocide.
It was still dark and cool when 13-year-old Letikiros walked out the door to get water. She never came home. At 4 p.m. a man found her lifeless body swinging from a tree, a rope tied around her neck.
\We're over the moon. When we do a social media campaign we want to engage as many people as possible, and this has taken
Learn more about the global water crisis and how it affects children in the Water.org graphic below. Then, see what you can
Recent studies indicate that more women in company leadership can increase company performance and that boards with high female representation experience a 53% higher return on equity than those with the least female representation.
Richard Boone's death last month at the age of 86 came just a few weeks after the 50th anniversary of the War on Poverty. His loss will be felt greatly, but it's hard not to appreciate the symbolism of the timing.
Image courtesy of the EG Visuals product video Image courtesy of the EG Visuals product video Toilet water accounts for more
War Child War Child, a U.K.-based charity dedicated to helping children affected by conflict, has been working in Lebanon
It is impossible not to be touched by the apocalyptic scenes emerging from the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk in Damascus. But the cameras, and the donors, seem to have moved on.
On the day of the third anniversary of the Syria conflict, we must remember
When they got in touch, Wisnecki was able to tell the elderly couple that Otto Wolfgang Maximus (as he turned out to be named
The program is aimed at low-income students because, according to Mike Smith, a philanthropist and member of the Indiana
And as we sharpen our focus on the researchers who will deliver tomorrow's breakthroughs, we in the breast cancer movement must remain committed to supporting the women and men affected by breast cancer today, and especially the low-income, uninsured and medically underserved people who need our help.
Most recently, shared vision has begun to take new form. Since our founding in 1889, Gordon has been a place committed to
\The lack of clean water means sterilisation for bandages is nearly impossible, causing the threat of infection and possible
Even when her friends use the expression, Kelly reminds them \No, you are not starving.\ There are people in the world who really face starvation, struggling to find food every hour of every day. \Hunger is everywhere\ as she puts it. This cruel condition is one no one should go through.
How can you pay it forward this year on International Women's Day is a question we ask ourselves as we join millions around the world to celebrate the courage, resilience and dignity of women who inspire change after surviving war and conflict.
\Freedom is like oxygen,\ she says.  \You don't notice it until you can't breathe.\ Marshall joined the anti-apartheid National Union of South African Students (NUSAS) -- the only female member at the time.  Soon, she was President.
Know the names behind the numbers of female refugees. The International Rescue Committee works around the world to help refugees
When I first started Womenfound, if I ran a Google search for \women's organizations,\ I wouldn't get much of what I was looking for by way of aid organizations. Today if I type the same search term, Google will deliver pages and pages of relevant results for me.
The question remains, how do we encourage more men to be advocates for the women in their lives?
Wherever she lives, no matter what country, when a woman controls her own finances she invests that money in ways that can bring about long-term change -- education for her children, health care and better housing for her family. But low-income women around the world are routinely denied access to the basic financial products that most of us take for granted.
One of my biggest thrills working day and night to make our planet a healthier home for children, wild animals, forests, waterways, soils, air and our oceans is meeting extraordinary humans. The award-winning television executive Sam Simon is a very special person.
An idealistic 24-year-old, I'd been hired out of graduate school to manage overseas grants on behalf of the US government. This was my second year on the job and I already had a reputation as a maverick.
Should we be really calling this competition a derby for winners? Sadly, the real losers in this country's breakdown of social care are the people who are still struggling on our streets. No matter what city or state they reside.
Several weeks ago, when Ukrainian-American Viktor Kee decided that he would embark on a cross-country road trip to generate support for his troubled homeland, he had no idea how unpredictable the headwinds of fate could actually be.
One million students will not have the same opportunities their graduating peers will have. This is  a national emergency that needs to be addressed for the sake of America's prosperity and competitive edge.
I never wasted a single minute in rehab, always pushing my body to its absolute limits.
\It doesn't take stat-crunching to realize the Oscars have some diversity issues, but if there was ever any doubt, Lee & Low
With Christine Valerio's combined passion for graphic design and creating positive change in people's lives, she developed With Me, a system of interactive and conversational games that encourage meaningful interaction between people of all ages.
Once upon a time, big philanthropy worked like this
After six years of working in and traveling through a number of different countries where white people are in the numerical minority, I've come to realize that there is one place being white is not only a hindrance, but negative -- most of the developing world.
The events of the last few days in Kiev have been historic in many ways, at least from this outsider looking in. The magnitude of the drama and the measurement of the courage of the Ukraine people will come by those much more equipped to assess than me.
As you watch the NBA playoffs this spring, impress your friends with this fact
\Several dozen people gathered at Google\u2019s headquarters on Tuesday to protest the company's membership in the American Legislative
Johannesburg, South Africa Hillary Mahlangu, 20 In my country a woman no longer embraces her God-given beauty for if not
We are at the computer drinking coffee, and there are people being killed all around the world in a search for freedom.
My name is Kerry Max Cook, but for two decades, I was known as \Cook, Execution number 600.\
You're driving on the freeway. A car in front of you bursts into flames and there are people inside. What do you do?
To give back to the homeless men he says he passes every day as he goes about his daily routine in Chicago's Loop, Peter
8. Livia Firth on Remembering the Faces Behind Our Clothes \The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called
For communities in Caquet\u00e1, Colombia, growing cacao beans--the main component of chocolate--is one of the few income-generating uses of forest land that does not damage the environment or support illicit industries.
We're living today with the fallout from an economy that is built, not on \enlightened\ self interest as proposed by Adam Smith, but on fanatical greed, as condemned by Smith, but widely practiced today.
2014 is our second year of daily giving, a practice we recommend you take on in your own way. You'll understand how the simple practice of daily giving has the power to transform.
This week's Global Girls Conversation Video Contest submission comes from 15 year old Jari Taylor. Jari lives in Chicago and sees the brutal reality of the streets on a daily basis. She hears the gunshots echoing across her community at night.
Not only is sport a way to channel a child's energy and talent, it can also be a catalyst for leadership development, conflict resolution and increased safety in dangerous situations.
Some athletes even take their hard won notoriety and maybe those endorsements they worked so hard to get, and they go on to start or support charities to help others better their lives.
We are the epitome of the first world clashing with the third. European luxury cars cruise by people sleeping under a lean-to, as if it is morally justified to drive a car worth more than a house where that sleeping person could inhabit.
Good news travels fast. This week's announcement by CVS Caremark that they will stop selling tobacco products by October 1 was front-page news and a topic of conversation everywhere. My first thought? What a great example of a company voluntarily doing the right thing.
What if, in order to overcome the biggest problems we're facing, we need a two-pronged attack that places greater emphasis on interdisciplinary thought and experiential learning as opposed to rigid disciplines and lectures?
Our goal of spotlighting 50 heroes in 50 states has resulted in numerous blessings, miracles and new friendships. We're so excited to unveil our second hero to you.
Be a farmer's market regular. Read the fine print. You\u2019ve certainly seen it before
\We set about this challenge ... with a united purpose, and, as a result, Phoenix can take its place as role model city for
It is a tormenting situation to have to endure. Thus, as a result, many men, rather than speak out, often decide to suffer in silence.
Let Girls Lead's Global Girls' Conversation video contest highlights girls' power to create change by sharing their own solutions
In January of 2014, CNN reported that at least 19 veterans had died because of delays in diagnosis and treatment at VA hospitals.
Following our initial interview, I had the pleasure of attending the amazing event Quiana and contemporary lifestyle and
I may be mayor of a host community for Super Bowl XLVIII, but there's no question about it, I'm no football expert. But I do know a smoke and mirrors deal when I see one, as has been the case with Super Bowl XLVIII here in New Jersey.
Some claim that concerns about a link between sex trafficking and the Super Bowl are overblown, hyperbolic, or, simply, myth. Some have even suggested that a strong law enforcement response is harmful to victims. While it is unfortunately true that there have been arrests of prostituted women in Super Bowl-related policing--a counterproductive strategy that discourages victims from seeking desperately needed police protection--law enforcement is right to step up efforts to investigate trafficking on the eve of the Super Bowl.
There have and continue to be those who fear that embracing \business practices\ will result in a loss of mission and soul by charitable organizations. But now the body of knowledge has increased, demonstrating that performance management and an evidence-based approach is working.
A new report published the Phnom Penh Post paints a picture of women as rights-less creatures who lack standing before the law and resources of their own. So it makes it easy to see how the exploitation and trafficking of women and girls could continue to exist today.
I recently had the great pleasure of hearing Temple Grandin speak at the Ecofarm conference in California. She is renowned
Building a relationship with a caring adult is the foundation for many great things. Kids who are at risk desperately need the sense of security that high-quality mentoring can offer. It's about fostering trust and opening up a young person's mind to possibility.
I was in awe. This 'simple' act of kindness had the ability to restore life! How many others out there craved love in the form of a hug? How many longed for the touch of another, yet were denied this act of grace?
Important to address is the mistrust between the public, private, and social sectors when it comes to education delivery. They literally do not speak the same language. The goodwill, confidence, and atmosphere required to have a mature and transparent dialogue do not exist.
Living in and around New York City, it has been hard to miss the explosion of blue bicycles that have found themselves throughout the city streets.
The President's message and his ideas are a strong agenda for remedying poverty. And, as he stressed, If we remedy poverty, we build and sustain the middle class. If we do not build and sustain the middle class, then poverty deepens and widens.
Making a lasting impact begins with small measures. It can be as simple as adding a weekly reminder to your calendar or spending a few minutes researching a cause that motivates you into action.
A two-generation approach to creating a cycle of opportunity reflects the tremendous energy of parents wanting to do more for their children. Its four critical elements -- education, economic supports, social capital and health -- provide a substantive scaffold so that families can get ahead.
The closer our paths cross with others, the more important etiquette becomes to ensure a safe and polite journey over sidewalks, through doorways and lobbies, and in and out of elevators and other public spaces.
1. Human Luggage
The word inspire has probably become a bit bastardized for me. It's certainly not a bad thing to be inspired, find something inspirational or even to inspire someone else by personal deeds. Yet, I cringe when I hear the word.
Today, we need courage and leadership to make change and take on the greatest disparities in our nation; almost fifty years after King's death, we've moved past the \normal\ of 1963, but we still have a long way to go.
From learning new skills and honing existing ones to meeting new people and boosting creativity, volunteering could benefit your career more than you think -- and best of all, you'll be doing good and helping others in the process.
Good connections in this sector, whether in your organization or across different organizations, are worth cultivating to get inside knowledge on open positions and even potentially good recommendations.
At home, positive interaction between grandparents and grandchildren is possible, providing benefits for both and easing some of the burdens commonly faced by family caregivers. Here's a seven-step plan for bridging the generation gap for family caregivers.
What made Paul Robeson and W.E.B. Du Bois great was their belief that shared histories could bring people together. Though most of their aspirations turned out to be idealistic, the Bandung conference in 1955 was one of the tangible outcomes of that belief.
Last year 47 million hungry Americans lost food stamp benefits, and Congress may be bringing more cuts to the table. Needy families are placed in the awful situation of having to choose between heat or food.
The action in the end zone, or lack of it, feels a little less disappointing when the guys on the field show that they respect and care about one another. (There might be lesson for Congress in that.)
They are determined to open up a dialogue with city officials and to negotiate a set of basic rights that will formalize their line of work.
Youth unemployment is pandemic and represents one of the biggest global challenges of our time as it affects not only the present, but also the future.
This generation will largely be responsible for confronting the aftermath of the financial crisis, high youth unemployment, the effects of climate change, energy sustainability and security issues, along with a potential demographic time bomb.
They say you never know what's coming next in life, and that certaninly was the case when Natalie and Tim Rogers from Alamosa, Colorado adopted Jaiden Rogers when he was 2 years old.
Despite the obvious benefits, development has its challenges. We are seeing increasing numbers of young people who have so much that their motivation is falling.
Besides the expensive price tags, all of these devices have another feature in common. They all rely on connectivity in order for users to make full use of them.
With annual revenues of about $600 million, it's impossible not to be impressed with the industry born just two decades ago with no structure in place.
Despite history, geography and culture, there are extraordinary systematic regularities and constraints that transcend the individuality of cities.
Blaming Twitter for misinformation is easy, but ignores the social and political context. How can we understand such large volumes of data that move so quickly?
Historians and economists now stress blind forces over heroic leadership.
Maximizing the reach of an inspirational message or important piece of information requires the dedication of humans to staying open to sharing and consuming content that raises awareness.
South Sudanese women are intricately woven into a social and political fabric that has become increasingly more vulnerable to conflict. War and security are assumed to be the domain of men, while women are cast as the victims.
The 2010 earthquake in Haiti was catastrophic on all fronts. Now, three years later, the people of Haiti are still trying to pick up the pieces.
Let's go there for a moment... For the majority, I would surmise, we actually are confronted with the choices to be honorable
Latinos and African Americans, along with Asian, LGBT, females, disabled and other communities need to come together to fulfill Dr. King's vision that \our dreams for a better tomorrow will be realized.\ Yes, together.
As we honor King as an activist and humanitarian, we should keep in mind that as older adults and youth labor and uplift humanity together, they are finding that collaboration leads to something broader, deeper and more far-reaching than one generation alone could create.
Many youth who know that they aren't treated fairly, and know that life isn't the way it should be, do not see themselves in a fight for their civil rights. They have been taught to turn a blind eye to institutional racism and structural inequity, and don't see that their civil rights are being violated in more subtle and dangerous ways than ever before.
That's the premise illustrated in a powerful new ad from the Royal Dutch Guide Dog Foundation, a nonprofit in the Netherlands
Free contraceptives, progressive legislation, text messages, mobile reproductive health services and community-based outreach--these are just some of the ways cities are transforming urban approaches to family planning.
Beware
Each Shriver Report ignited a national conversation and sparked wide media coverage, including Time cover stories and a special
As promised, the New Year has brought new narratives for inspired black men. A major collaborative effort to highlight the important dimensions of black male lives, such as
As proud as I am of serving in the Iraq War, I am finding it increasingly difficult to tell civilians stories of war. Stigmas are still placed on combat veterans and the overuse of the phrase \empowering veterans\ has painted the veteran landscape as a community in need of help after service.
Seeing Mandela the movie was another occasion, beyond the funeral, to reflect on what South African experiences have to teach the world.
If you were like me, or know someone who has the wrong idea about clothing donations, please share this post with them. Yes
\I'm not sure when they will be able to go back home. Everyone is desperate to go home.\ DAMASCUS, Jan 12 (Reuters) - United
As a young man, Ted Wiard had an ideal life. He married his high school sweetheart, worked as a schoolteacher and tennis coach in his picturesque hometown of Taos, New Mexico, and became the father of two beautiful daughters. Suddenly, everything changed.
Many celebrities are doing far more than just writing a check or turning up at a gala or cocktail party - some of the headlining nominees at this year's Golden Globes are passionate volunteers, advocates, or founders of their own nonprofit organizations.
Harmful cultural practices are still of grave concern for many girls around the world. Let Girls Lead highlights a powerful video by Grace Mwase who is raising her voice to one of the most harmful traditional practices still present in Malawi.
In 2013, Maurya Couvares joined the ranks of millennial leaders proving that women in STEM are a force to be reckoned with
\They beat you once, then may come grab your hair, hit your head on the sewing machine or take you into a punishment cell, there they kick you using hands, legs, or remove the belt from a sewing machine and thrash you with it.\
Mrs. Kim Simplis Barrow, First Lady of Belize, has been described as the Michelle Obama of Central America and is on a mission to improve the welfare of women and young people in Belize.
Relationships on nonprofit boards are more prone to foster distinctly different types of environments because some boards meet only one to four times a year; therefore interpersonal conflicts can more easily arise.
It seems that everyone has an incurable \fight to be right syndrome,\ and it is going from bad to worse. Most people are busy speaking or criticizing harshly while very few are listening to understand.
Speaking Up \Working for the coalition gave me more confidence. I feel better now that I have an understanding of what happened
There are signs that angelic efforts are on the way in Los Angeles to reduce homelessness, despite the debate over public feeding, homelessness in their public libraries and Union Train Station, and the fact that the region has 58,000 people who are homeless.
True connection, dialogue, and understanding are missing from both the charity and justice prototypes. Both models are based on judgment, prescription, and dominance. Both assume that there is one right answer -- an illusory perfection that none of us can truly claim to exemplify.
As a wheelchair user and college student, I became frustrated with how the general public perceives and treats people with disabilities. In 2011, I founded a program called A Day in a Wheelchair on Trinity College's campus.
In case you missed it somehow, half a million people in Michigan lost power this past week after a horrendous ice storm.  Not only was it the Christmas season, but this was after 300,000 had lost power less than two months ago in another storm.
\u2018Tis the season to be jolly and these seven incredible stories of generosity remind us why. Secret Santas, benevolent celebrities
This holiday season, as we celebrate, and spend too much and complain too much, I hope that we will take a moment to think about the 42 million refugees and displaced around the world.
A year passed since David's initial cancer diagnosis, and for his family it meant a turn from despair to a new hope.  We are happy to have played a small part in their victory.   Our best wishes to all cancer patients everywhere.
I think there are a few lessons we can learn from this
The present-day realities of people with disabilities, especially in the developing world, are those of stigmatization, abuse and extreme poverty.
When Rachel Wasser learned as an undergraduate at Yale that there existed no program that would allow her to teach at rural Chinese schools, it sparked a passion that would result in the fast-growing organization that now sends more than 200 college graduates each year from China and the U.S. to teach at Chinese schools.
It\u2019s the season for opening up your hearts \u2013- and wallets \u2013- for causes that are dearest to you. But how can you give most
An aspiring teacher can learn how to make hunger issues a part of their lessons plans. A business major can see how they might start or help a non-profit organization through their career.
As for all the people we've profiled in this series, what ties them all together is that they share is a common and unmistakable trait
This June, the National Outdoor Leadership School's Expedition Denali set out to climb the highest peak in North America, Mt. McKinley. The group aimed to inspire minorities to get active and get outdoors. Andy Adkins, pro-filmmaker and novice climber, was there to capture the journey.
So what connects these people who appear to be so different? It's this
Last month I recalled the story of Antwone Fisher, who was informed upon aging out of foster care at 18 years old that he was on his own. He was directed to a nearby homeless shelter, and left to figure out the rest himself. That continues to happen every day across the United States.
It is certainly tempting to check off that \naughty\ box and reject their enrollment into your world of compassion. If housing
Texts, email, social media--in a society that feels over-connected, this time of year many of us crave more meaningful connections.  Prior to joining Western Union, checking in with distant loved ones was prompted by the aroma of a Thanksgiving turkey or a birthday reminder on my calendar. Today, helping people connect is the core of what I do, and I get to learn this skill from some of the very best.
There is a history here which I think most Canadians are unaware of, where Canada played a very important role, punching well above its weight in the international arena.
With my passionate and committed Same Sky team, we met the formerly incarcerated women and provided them with the training to make decorative stretch bracelets. The women relished working with the beads, using their hands, and creating something beautiful to share.
This week marks the one year anniversary of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. The incident
In the one year since Newtown faced an unspeakable tragedy, the community has come together to heal by honoring every one
We honor Mandela when we stand up for social justice. We honor him when we break down social barriers that allow prejudice and suspicion to fester. We honor him when we reach out to others with a helping hand. We honor him when we keep fighting for justice even after we encounter failure.
Vicki's act of selflessness on the morning of December 14th transformed what I thought leaders looked like and where I thought they worked.   What I learned from Vicki is leaders don't always have teams or followers.
Diana was a perfect baby. I never foresaw that by the time she was 4 years old, another nation would overlook its own Constitution to treat people like Diana as less than human.
While many countries take steps forward, one country has taken a significant step back for many of its citizens over the last few months. People who were born in the Dominican Republic, who have never known another country as home, are losing their citizenship.
Women have since won back rights to education and work, but there are fears these freedoms are shrinking as NATO-led forces
I had the good fortune to meet Mr. Mandela in 1994 in my homeland of South Africa, days before the historic elections. The journey leading to that meeting was a long one, a circle, a return to my childhood.
New technologies can play a critical role in dramatically improving education quality in Latin America and in turn help catalyze economic growth.
The day had gone from being a routine December Friday in a historic and ornamented slice of CT, to a frenzy of standstill traffic, hovering helicopters palatable anxiety, and a swarm of media lining the narrow Sandy Hook sidewalks; the glow of holiday decorations all but obliterated by the harsh glare of their television lights.
Let us hope the media continues to spread such positive, moving messages and displays of great leadership, and hope it will inspire all 193 leaders of the United Nations' General Assembly to follow in Mandela's footsteps to build peace and uphold human rights for all.
But how do we remember everything for which we have to be thankful, and how do we put that gratitude to good use? If you\u2019re
There's something really powerful about seeing tens of thousands of dance fans come together not only for a festival, but to loudly and proudly show their support for the battle to end this terrible disease. It's support like this which helps move the dial; it shows governments and businesses that young people care.
Americans tend to remember sacred dates
Within 10 days of the Haiti earthquake in 2010, Americans donated more than $300 million to relief efforts, NPR reported
My vision is for a World AIDS Day in the near future where we can say with pride that we have achieved universal access to treatment. This goal is within reach, but only by supporting important initiatives to make medicines available, appropriate, and affordable will we fully be able to grasp it.
With World AIDS Day following Thanksgiving so closely this year, let's be thankful ...
Carmen Guidi has an incredibly huge heart As he showed me around Second Wind Cottages, and told the stories of the men who
Only ten months have passed since I was sexually assaulted in Tahrir Square -- it was the worst experience of my life.
So, this year why don't we also give thanks to people around us? Let's take a break from the accusatory vids (from Gen Y's) and fairly long articles (from Baby Boomers), dividing the generations and instead focus on what we appreciate.
Although the global number of HIV-infected babies born each year has dropped by more than half since 2005, 260,000 babies became newly infected with HIV -- more than one every two minutes--this past year alone.
As we continue working around the clock to improve HealthCare.gov and the holiday shopping season kicks into gear, we wanted to share some consumer friendly tips for individuals looking for quality affordable health insurance.
Today the first generation since the first incident of HIV occurred is joining the human family. We have come a long way from a time of desperation, when we were sure this epidemic would destroy our families, our countries and our continent. But we are still here -- through no coincidence or chance -- rather, because we united as a global community and refused to let future generations share the same fate as too many of our friends, parents, brothers and sisters.
We can no longer wait on politicians and policy makers to solve the educational issues facing our community. We, as a community, have to take responsibility for what happens to our children.
Americans should feel good about our generosity and our joint successes. We are compassionate people, helping support millions of people whether here at home or in distant places we will never know or visit.
In America, not only do we love or phones, we also love our vehicles and that freedom of traveling anytime and anywhere. However, the fact remains that driving while texting or talking on a cellphone is extremely dangerous.
For the first time in history, significant scientific advances mean that we have the potential to cut HIV, tuberculosis and malaria down to low-level epidemics, something the human family could not have imagined only 10 years ago. We are not there yet, and the window of opportunity will not stay open for too long, so we need to act quickly and use wisely the tools at hand.
My daughter Casey was 21 when she was struck and killed by a distracted driver. It was daytime and she was walking in a crosswalk with 4-way stop signs. A 58 year old driver was distracted, never saw her and went through a stop sign.
Your commitment to social change is not a function of where you work, but of what you believe in. With a little bit of creativity
When you find yourself caught in the grip of the mental stress of doubt, expectation, or social comparison, you can take a moment of pause and then consciously put your attention on the things (big and small) for which you are grateful.
While traveling in Ireland, I was introduced to a new word
700 children still become infected with HIV every day. In 2011, 230,000 children died from AIDS-related illnesses. To get to zero, we need to strengthen our efforts toward the prevention of mother-to-child transmission (PMTCT) of HIV.
Thus when we purchase new clothes, shoes, televisions, couches, they are clean, look good and make you feel good, but we do we ever see or feel the blood, sweat, tears and fears of the workers assembling and packaging our presents?
Feature Video
3. Woe is me
This holiday season, I'm embracing the shift. Forget electronics on sale and discount plastic toys. In our house, #GivingTuesday is becoming the important day that follows Thanksgiving.
Never could I have imagined the huge differences between life in Madagascar and life in England. In the same way that I never really thought twice about not having clean water and a toilet while growing up; people in London don't think twice about having it. That is just the way it is. Imagine, though, if poor communities had that same gift, that same opportunity!
If you've said any of these, don't feel bad (unless you've stolen a handicap parking spot!). We aren't angry or offended, but we want people to understand.
These reasons for favoring \every day\ aid over disaster relief are supported by research from experience. A report from
Deepak Chopra is helping to support The Weightless Project, a new initiative that aims to combat both obesity and starvation
They\u2019re some of the richest people in our country and they\u2019re also the most generous, determined to make their mark on this
The UNF has drawn high-profile advocates from around the world -- ranging from former presidents and business leaders to media professionals and A-list celebrities, who gather at the annual Global Leadership Dinner in New York.
Carol Stiers-Zito was the center of the universe; at least she was to me. My wife's sudden and unexpected death left a devastating void in my life and the life of our daughter. The last seven years have been an obstacle course of grief, second guessing and self-doubt intertwined with a constant search to extract something positive or affirming from the tragedy
On July 7, 1981 like a typical teenager, I was sun bathing at the local public pool, Highland Park in Endwell, New York when I heard my younger sister, Chris screaming, \Uncle Tony is dead!\ I was fourteen at the time. I was startled and confused and tried to reassure her everything would be okay. I thought, \How can that be he is only thirty-three?\
\The tyranny of traditional disciplines and functionally segregated organizations fail to produce the type of people who
Occurring throughout the year, but with more frequency in the fall months and several happening in cities all over the country
In the traditionally conservative world of academia, Leon Botstein is unafraid to challenge the status quo.  His most recent cause du jour is of course the new Bard College admissions exam.
More than one billion people live on less than one dollar a day.
I recruited 29 AOL'ers from across four offices within the U.S. and our training began. Some of these runners knew Rory, knew of Rory or didn't know him at all -- yet they were all committed to putting a lot of their personal life on hold to run this race for a great cause.
A Dutch bio-engineer says his lab-produced fungus could someday be used to save the lives of hungry people in the developing
With this one tireless Marine leading the charge and now shifting the focus of the effort to addressing the alarming rise in PTSD, this Veteran's Day I wanted to sit down with Captain Bunch and ask him to reflect on the lessons learned and where OOA goes from here.
How can you really know how your coworker's or neighbor's transition home is going if you don't ask? It doesn't take much to start a conversation that could lead to a friendship that might change your life -- a relationship that could be of tremendous value to someone who has sacrificed so much for all of us.
Richard, Lyme disease has been known to mimic so many disease processes including CFS, Fibromyalgia, Autoimmune conditions
I realized with some embarrassment that she was describing my attitude towards drug use almost exactly. What she said made
Not so for the more than 103,792 Iraq and Afghanistan War veterans who were diagnosed with PTSD and not so for the 253,330
By raising her mother's awareness about girls' rights and getting her involved in community organizing, Maria Josefa Castro Bay was able to convince her mother that education matters. Now, Maria and her mother are working together to promote girls' rights in their Guatemalan community.
While I've never been convicted of a crime, I have spent my fair share of time in private mental hospitals, wherein I've witnessed what may well be our nation's last great bastion of tobacco, tar and nicotine.
One of the most powerful typhoons ever recorded, Haiyan (Yolanda in the Philippines) has caused thousands of fatalities, according
How can organizations that don't need hands-on volunteers achieve a similar level of personal connection with their supporters?
Veterans Day, unlike Memorial Day, is a day to honor our living veterans. But I believe we should honor them every single day, not just on November 11. Here are some ways we can honor our military men and women, whether they are in or out of service.
Like Josiah Bartlet, I choose to bring value to myself and to the world. We must always remember to keep our eye on the prize
A Little Background On Fundraising Baby Boomers preferred method of giving to charity is via paper mail, aka
The charities love it, too. The musicians who choose to support them through Music for Good aren't just individual donors, they're megaphones through which the charity reaches fans and friends via the ReverbNation website, email and social media.
When Brazilian mechanic Alfredo Moser developed an eco-friendly and affordable source of light \u2013- composed of water, an empty
On a spirited and sunny Sunday morning on October 13, 2013 in Fremont, California, 650 men, women and children enthusiastically
These \next\ agencies are adaptive, effective practitioners, who are not creating \pilot\ projects but actually initiating
Since 1950, Halloween has added an extra surprise for those receiving trick or treaters. Many thousands of children have
Looking into the life of Jim Thorpe, you'd think that there must be a majestic connection between him and the town that has taken his name as its own in Eastern Pennsylvania. It is not the case.
After filming so many successful graduates of the world-famous preparatory academy for entrepreneurs, Y Combinator, for A TOTAL DISRUPTION, I was inspired to journey up the river and find their leader.
I had always been segregated from people who were different. But look at what is happening in today's society. The younger generations are friends with their classmates who are \different,\ and even making them prom queens and kings.
Empowering the urban poor to pull themselves out of poverty is a sustainable, respectful, and effective way to encourage development. The following examples show how modern technology and traditional education methods are having a significant impact in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, Mumbai, Jakarta, and Mexico City.
The initiative's difference stands out when corporations realize that they are large enough and have plenty resources and skills to address social problems in our communities. And, the catch line is they can make profit while doing that.
For the first time in recorded history the next generation is expected to die younger than their parents due to malnutrition and diet-related disease. Hunger and malnutrition are not by-products, but an integral part of the global food system. We desperately need a new food system.
After eating lunch I mentioned to Alan I needed some coffee. In a way, I simply set myself up to learn about more \new and
Rallying the world's young entrepreneurs to create wealth and solve problems, and encouraging every young person to consider being capable in financial literacy and entrepreneurship is one of the most important agenda items of our time.
Despite well-documented and clear evidence, leaders the world over still seem to think that future generations will find a solution to the environmental crises that this generation seems determine to store up as its lasting legacy.
Which would you purchase? A white shirt made in Indonesia selling for $14.99 with a \designer label\ or a white shirt made in Indonesia for $25 which has a fair trade designation? Why do you think there is such a discrepancy?
\u2022 12. This is the percent that funding to low-income Title I schools has decreased since 2010, from $17 billion to $15 billion
Governance has been at the heart of the work of the Oxford Martin Commission for Future Generations and is a clear focus in its report, Now for the Long Term. We need governance to ensure that resources are well-managed, growth is sustainable and that poverty can be reduced.
The current philanthropy landscape contains a wide range of challenges and opportunities that we are just now beginning to
Our girls stand as examples of what can be achieved when programs exist to get girls into the right academic environment.
With growing opportunities in the tech industry, it is no wonder that many young entrepreneurs focus their businesses in this sector.
Serena's path has been full of struggle, and I want to share her story to help other young adults see the impact of not graduating from school, financial struggle, and drug abuse on even the brightest young entrepreneurs.
In Zimbabwe, although law specifically prohibits discrimination against persons with disabilities in employment, admission
Malala is that voice that shakes our moral conscience and asks us to do what we should have already done
What often goes unrealized is that Washington, D.C. is so much more than a collection of government offices and historic buildings, it is also an urban city with all of the attendant challenges.
Why is it when I mention striving for \peace\ to friends and family, I sense internal eye rolls and receive polite, patronizing smiles?
It appeared to be some kind of vocabulary and spelling exercise. Less important to me was which subject was being taught, however; I was amazed at how it was being taught.
Zimbabwe is recognised as having one of the best education systems in Africa but when I took office as Minister of Education in February 2008 I found it in chaos.
The demographics of emerging markets such as Africa, the Middle East and Latin America are fast changing and education plays an important role in facilitating the change of guard in industry.
Dozens of academic studies have shown what many of us already know
For a review of warning signs someone may be at risk of suicide, click here. For a list of resources to get free and confidential
While the film industry may have typecast rabies as a disease confined to once-cute dogs, the sad fact is that this terrifying, silent killer is anything but limited to dogs, and the devastation it causes is anything but confined to the big screen.
As I recall my memories from Camp Starlight, I have no sob stories to give you about the hardships that these children face in the shadow of HIV.  That is because the people of Camp Starlight have created a place where these kids get to live the life that HIV robs them of.
\I'll tell you, at one point in time I was on every drug that killed Anna Nicole Smith, plus some,\ said Cutler, who was
While McNabb and Linnerooth continued work in mental health in the Veterans Affairs system for a time, Landchild said he
A new report gives us hope. More organizations, governments and the private sector are making commitments to improve women's and children's health every year, and those commitments are being followed up with real action.
As you will discover today in Part 11 of my global series, \Ticks,\ finding community-wide solutions to infected ticks is going to be challenging.
I wonder how many children we write off as \slow\ when all it would take is a figurative radioactive spider bite to show what they are really capable of. I also wonder how many high-ability children fall between the cracks because of messages they receive from teachers that indicate that high ability is all they need.
The majority of Americans barely have an idea Native people exist within the context of the modern day. But, with the advent of social media, as an artist and a Native person, I have a voice.
Back at Forward Operating Base Summerall that evening, O'Brien and his crew are lined up for formation. They cast sideways
This Invisible People road trip is made possible by Sevenly and Virgin Mobile USA, who are partnering to end youth homelessness
For many employers, it is difficult to determine what a potential employee is truly qualified for if they hold a high school
I started off the day traveling downtown St Louis with Covenant House Missouri's outreach team. Having once lived and worked
\We discussed a number of things about BuzzFeed, copyright and photography,\ Catt wrote in his blog. \I asked if they'd pay
I don't think I will ever forget the call I received on Saturday morning, May 21, 2011. An employee of mine called me at home to tell me that Eric was involved in a serious hang-gliding accident the day before. Disbelief and sadness filled me.
I am a child of immigrants who came to the United States with next to nothing. When I was twelve, my father suffered from a stroke and has not been able to work since.
This video on homeless youth and youth homelessness in Boulder, Colorado gets a little long, and Chris Nelson, program director
At recent event, I was asked
\I became an organizer because I was having some hard times and ended up at a soup kitchen in Southern Indiana. I eventually became a dishwasher at the kitchen. Three years later I was still working there...Most of the people that were in line were there when I first came in to eat.\
My hope in writing this post is that we can all enter into a healthy conversation about faith based organizations and homeless
I also confess that I am a calorie-counter, always regulating my daily food intake. Another First World activity. I have
The G20's focus in 2013-2014 will continue to include food security for the poorest families, providing financial services to rural poor who lack access to banks, and reducing the cost to immigrants sending remittances home to their families.
This Invisible People road trip is made possible by Sevenly and Virgin Mobile USA, who are partnering to end youth homelessness
When you shake a hero's hand, you realize that he or she is flesh and blood just like you and me. You wonder
\This legislation guts the core goal that all students should receive a quality education. It leaves children behind by taking
I have some great news, folks! You don't have to wait for a congressional vote to do something to help Syrian refugees and displaced families. You can act right now.
At the Afghan Women's Writing Project, we connect international women authors, journalists, and teachers with Afghan women
It seems that when these test results are released, there is an initial public outcry about the slipping state of the American
Ask most American workers today if they are feeling confident about the American economy, their employment opportunities, and their chance of retirement these days, and most will answer in the negative.
\u201cIt just makes you realize there are good people out there,\u201d Darling told KCTV back in February. \u201cWhen I think of the past
The good news is that we have very effective treatments for the full range of psychological injuries that lead to suicide. The bad news is that very few service members or veterans will receive them.
The ASPCA and the New York City Police Department are teaming up to bring the best and most comprehensive full-care approach to rescuing animals from cruelty.
In June, Goodwill announced its commitment to providing 3,000 women veterans with services and supports that can help them
Soon after a light bulb shines bright, euphoria sets in and social entrepreneurs quickly set sail in some direction of hope
Have we boxed ourselves into a corner by good intentions and dangerously simplistic thinking? One thing I learned in the desert is that sand storms happen. Every crevice of your body ends up with sand. All the lines we draw, even hard red lines, are really lines drawn in the sand.
During the morning and afternoon we all walked nearly 10 miles meeting and engaging with homeless youth. I was exhausted
I know many out there think being able to get high at a concert without fear of being thrown out is a wonderful thing, but I don't believe many have considered the issues for those of us who do not want to inhale pot smoke anymore than we want to inhale cigarette smoke.
Assemblymember Toni Atkins represents the 78th district and is the Majority Leader of the California State Assembly, and
We don't have a charming mascot, color or theme. We send books to an underserved and incarcerated population. A lot of people have problems with that. Many believe that prisoners just ought to be punished.
Those who will participate include American pop singer Beyonce, Indian film actor Amitabh Bachchan, Brazilian novelist Paulo
The Economist estimated that there are over 14 trillion frequent flyer miles left unclaimed, which could be worth as much
It's August, back to school time, and we've entered a period during which a new regime of high stakes tests are rolling-out
This year a major study concluded that \many nonprofits are stuck in a vicious cycle that threatens their ability to raise
Enter Diana Keesiga. We just saw it out of the corner of our eye as we were bombing down a dusty road in the district of
25,000 Women is uniquely positioned to educate and reward participants through empowering women in developing countries. The campaign is targeted at young people (teens) and involves a text-message based game.
These experiences have shaped my future and life purpose. As the years progress, I have come to discover just how important it is to celebrate how absolutely unique I am.\n\nThere is no one else on this Earth like me.\n\nMore importantly, I have the right to be here.
We are under no illusions about the pace of recovery. The damage is great
Your parents have officially stated that you are paranoid and homeless. Not exactly a great press release for a 27-year-old
More than five months on the road just might be the antidote these Iraq vets need. When Anderson learned of Voss's plan, he immediately asked to tag along, receiving immediate support from his spouse and his boss.
One women's advocate says the treatment of women is the greatest indicator of how much a government values democracy. \u201cThe
Young people who have spent their teen years in foster care often have mixed feelings upon turning age 18. They may fear
For over 60 years, the Aspen Institute has convened the world\u2019s leaders to pause and reflect on the critical issues of our
I taped Elijah \NatureBoy\ Alexander, Jr's story, which you can watch here. Almost immediately people started to leave comments
\You are undocumented.\ That is the title my friends gave me. I never thought this simple label would create obstacles which would hinder me from my dreams.
At the Aspen Ideas Festival last month, Gardner sat down with HuffPost's Daniel Koh to discuss the Franklin Project, which
Inspire your volunteers with the cause, not the organization. If you really want people to help you, avoid the general \u201cjoin
Recycling has a become a way of life as we all start becoming more conscious of the environment. Many low-income people and
This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
Detroit's nonprofits are relied upon heavily to fill in the gaps in a city that is relying on state-backed bonds to pay its
We look and we feel something human and compassionate, and we wonder
This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
Sean Misner, 26, was one of 19 elite firefighters with the Granite Mountain Interagency Hotshot Crew who died battling a
I see a whole new cool kid now. While a lot of people are running away from Wall Street, I don't agree that everyone should
If we are to change the world we first need to understand what that means, practically, and how we can work together to implement change on the ground. Education is where the global movement for education begins. Collaboration will move this movement forward.
Maybe we should make it mandatory for politicians to go camping for a weekend, dance under the stars, and sleep under the moon before writing any more laws or making any more deals that effect our collective future. Visualize!
The best prizes at nonprofit auctions typically go to the biggest bidders. A recently launched fundraising platform, however
As a global development organization, Oxfam has fought against poverty and economic injustice for 70 years in the world's
The noises sound hostile and angry to me. I see arms and legs shattering the bodies of people I know in every red, white, and blue explosion. I don't try to hide from them, I just start to weep.
All these efforts are to be applauded particularly because cities -- not states, or nations -- have become the engines of
What if your next T-shirt could provide joy and financial support to an individual with special needs? What if that same T-shirt could inspire confidence and a sense of accomplishment for an adult worker with special needs?
Civil society organizations should exert pressure on the G8 -- as well as the other G20 countries -- to take more concrete steps to address financial corruption, which is robbing both developing and developed countries of essential tax income.
If the average taxpayer invested $25 a year in global health through his or her taxes, that would support HIV/AIDS treatment for one person for nearly a month, or malaria treatment for 46 people, or combination vaccines for about four children.
ITWorks students are single, married, parents, working, unemployed, underemployed, with some college, with no college experience and from a variety of backgrounds. They all share a passion for the technology, but have many different interests within IT.
Yunus and Zamora sat down with The Huffington Post's Ahmed Shihab-Eldin last week at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado
Who inspires you? Older women, elderly people (soldiers of life, I call them). What is your most memorable moment working
Most countries, including the United States, want to ensure their students are equipped with the 21st century education needed to compete in today's world.  Can U.S. higher education systems remain competitive in terms of equity and positive outcomes among their global competitors?
When I was a child, July Fourth brought out talk at the family table about the Second World War. Our grownups spoke of the gasoline rations and the saving of tinfoil and so on, but to us kids, it was just one other thing that had happened to them, those inscrutable adults.
But mosquito net distribution and many other internationally-sponsored efforts fall somewhere in the middle of this spectrum
Bonus Challenge #2, any team to raise $500 with 10 unique donors was entered to win 
We all have stories to be proud of. But we often forget, our stories are not competitive or comparative; rather, they are what hold us together. The more I am a part of the American Dream, the more convinced I am that it is alive and well.
It seems incredible that early Americans celebrated the 4th of July (a celebration of independence) even though slavery was tolerated in some states until the Civil War. Millions of Americans openly supported slavery while millions more quietly used it to their advantage.
Liu, whose parents were immigrants from China via Taiwan, said he's always felt a pull between feeling deeply connected to
As a first generation American, Marine, and social entrepreneur, I've been fortunate to experience a breadth of life. Entrepreneurship to me is the very backbone of what America's land of opportunity allows hard working and committed Americans.
Just as American independence required Georgia and New York, Massachusetts and South Carolina to join forces to win the Revolutionary War, we are each fundamentally dependent on one another in our own lives.
Ever since I heard about the Homeless World Cup it has been a dream of mine to attend the event one day.
However, many of the obstacles preventing women from joining the workforce in larger numbers sounded similar to those being
TIME
As the Middle East seeks to stabilize its markets after years of upheaval, a good corporate governance strategy can help create a strong and stable private sector that provides jobs, income, and wealth creation for its populations.
For more information and a schedule of events for the 2013 Aspen Ideas Festival, click here. For real time tweets from the
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ The world is changing and the American education system hasn\u2019t kept pace. Experts from across
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ Just days after the Supreme Court threw out the appeal attempting to reinstate California\u2019s ban
Pink is not a shy color. Pink demands to be seen; pink is brave and bold and shouts \Here I\nam -- make room for me!\ And this is what the millions of young women all across the world are saying.
\With nearly 10 million people now on antiretroviral therapy, we see that such prospects - unthinkable just a few years ago
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ Why are rapidly evolving scientific discoveries not being translated into treatments for the country\u2019s
Agade Ag Mohammed, 71, and his family fled Mali after their relatives were kidnapped and killed. He said his \Most Important
To me, AmeriCorps and national service, and The Corps Network that Green City Force is part of, are like Homeland Security. As an AmeriCorps member, I am part of a \peaceful offense\ fighting against climate change and for health and opportunity.
On Saturday June 29, The New York Times' David Brooks talks with Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh about the $350 million project he's
For more information and a schedule of events for the 2013 Aspen Ideas Festival, click here. For real time tweets from the
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Raising girls in the Middle East is not for the faint of heart. That was the consensus yesterday of three extraordinary women whose fearless commitment to empowering and educating girls has inspired millions across the globe and brought them to speak at this year's Aspen Ideas Festival.
\What drives it all forward is an editorial voice,\ he said. \Use [Twitter] to really move forward a story, use it to advance
Our service taught us about selflessness and sacrifice, friendship and brotherhood, rich and poor, white and black, right and wrong. More importantly it taught us that individuals, brought together with others in a common mission, can have an impact.
\The most famous thing I ever said was 'There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other.'\ Madeleine
Human rights issues have taken a back seat as the region continues to face unprecedented change. Despite protests waning, divisions plaguing opposition movements and violence intensifying, one of the biggest challenges facing the Middle East today is the declining state of human rights and the silence of so many democratic governments across the world.
This may seem trite, but that trip taught me (or at least reminded me) that life is never perfect.
The phone rings nonstop with people in emergency need of food and shelter. Others stop by the office of HOPE to find help
Letters
When you give you receive not because it \gets\ you anything but because giving of yourself is what we were all meant to do. It is the internal reward of doing something right and good, and the moment you begin to calculate what it will yield the purity of the gesture is lost.
The point is, while preeclampsia, might be relatively unknown, it isn't choosy; any pregnant woman is at risk. It is the leading cause of maternal and infant death and near-miss globally and in the U.S.A.
At Points of Light's Conference on Volunteering and Service in Washington, D.C. this week, the crowd of 5,000 saw something you don't see every day.  And it wasn't just right-leaning strategist Karl Rove dancing on stage with left-leaning strategist Donna Brazile.
\My phone has been ringing off the phone for tickets\ since the event was announced Thursday in a press release, organizer
When was the last time you heard someone use that old aphorism, \The perfect is the enemy of the good\? On its face, this sounds like sage advice. At the same time, I think there is a danger in this approach.
2. HOW HAS THIS WORK CHANGED YOU? It has helped me develop and unyielding belief that no matter how dire the circumstance
What will you be doing this Father's Day? Grilling in the back yard with the family? We often take such simple pleasures for granted. But, elsewhere, millions of fathers around the world will struggle to help their children survive and thrive.
She's The First sends girls in developing countries to school so that they can be the first in their families to graduate. For Father's Day, we're asking dads to honor their daughters by celebrating their potential... and helping a girl in the developing world get a chance to reach hers.
We have had much G8 rhetoric around nutrition and food security over the last several years and the renewed interest in this quintessential intervention for human development is good, but needs to be backed up by a transparent accountability framework that can trace every promised dollar.
This Father's Day I'm missing my two daughters as I travel through Nigeria and Congo learning about how Africans are improving vaccination in the region. While I'd rather be at home with Abby and Jessie, I'm propelled along these travels by memories of two African fathers.
Over the last decade there have been many lively -- even heated -- debates surrounding best approaches to support children affected by HIV and AIDS.  At last year's International AIDS Conference, there was one issue most could agree on -- thank goodness for PEPFAR!
You may have heard of the concept of \inclusive growth,\ the idea that the increasing economic prosperity should benefit
Issues affecting women and girls impact everyone. When half the population of a country, and half of a potential workforce, isn't entitled to an education, the effects are monumental.
1. Ensure People Have Access to Nutritious Food An estimated $20-$40 billion is illegally removed from developing countries
We need to respect the oceans and take care of them as if our lives depended on it. Because they do.
Deep-pocket interests drive the law-making agenda on issues that range from gun violence to our unfair tax system to the
Northern Ireland police regularly deal with sectarian rioting involving Catholic youths, who want Northern Ireland to unite
Note
\Parallels can always be found between children everywhere in the world. Children are open vessels waiting to be filled. \
The difference between a child achieving his or her full potential in life comes down to the first thousand days
As world leaders tackle hunger, poor nutrition and extreme poverty, they need to ensure their solutions are not top down. Farmers, particularly women farmers, must be central to any strategy and not an afterthought.
Photo credit
The third experiment is a radical evolution of our core GSBI Accelerator program. It tests whether engaging other ecosystem
Recently, I ran across something that got me thinking again about the beauty of a simple kindness.  And about the astonishing power and positive impact even the smallest kind word or deed can have on someone's day -- or life.
Today, June 2, is National Cancer Survivors Day. For Karen Shayne and Judy Pearson, co-founders of the Women Survivors Alliance, it is also an opportunity to galvanize others to their 365 days-a-year mission.
At Dress for Success, nearly 80 percent of our clients are single mothers. Providing our women with the professional attire
PEPFAR represents the very best of America -- the extraordinary generosity and compassion of the American people. Through PEPFAR, we are helping to deliver a better future to millions around the globe.
A memorable interview reveals not only what someone does, but why. It's at the junction of motivation and manifestation where personal history really gets interesting.
Over the course of four years in the Marine Corps, two combat tours, nearly forty comrades killed in action, and eight dead by their own hand, I have heard \Amazing Grace\ emotionally played on bagpipes too many times for a man who has only just turned thirty.
Without the right skills, people will languish on the margins of society, technological progress will not translate into economic growth, and countries can't compete in the global economy.
Working with people who are living in a vehicle requires different strategies and outreach models. The good is that many are new to homelessness and are often easier to help back into normal society.
In 2010, I was honored by Vietnam Veterans in North Carolina when they chose me to accompany them to The Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C.
Seeing danger and making the choice to proceed anyway is precisely how I define bravery. We all find ways to deal with the fear of death. We know the uncertainty that lies ahead. We see the bravery in others before we will see it in ourselves.
Memorial Day in the United States is meant to be a day of reflection and somberness. It is meant to be a day where we think about what we have and what was given to have it.
or all these veterans have given, many of them are coming home wounded in body or spirit to a society that, while it unanimously honors their service, doesn't really know how to reward and repatriate them.
This Memorial Day let's makes some time to think about not only those who have given their lives for their country and not returned -- what about those returning soldiers who have given their inner lives and who are now paying an enormous price?
The Memorial Day holiday is a time to remember and thank our currently serving military and those who served their country in the past.  It's also a time to remember that veterans get a very special deal on mortgages through the VA loan program.
No matter how many resources -- human and financial -- we invest in war, we have few to spare for peace.
You know, we used to tell children to \grow up.\  I'm not sure that's good advice any more. If my children need to pick a side where adults argue at the expense of children, as a requirement of growing up, then I hope mine never do.
In three decades we have made tremendous progress in the battle against the HIV epidemic. There are now over three dozen approved drugs and combination regimens that, when taken correctly, can extend life for decades.
On Memorial Day, as a child, I recall frayed old men in tattered uniforms handing out Red Paper Poppies. And as I dropped a dime into the bucket, a donation to the veterans of past wars, I was more enamored with the brightly colored lapel garnish than with any deeper significance.
\Why dwell on such numbers, such anniversaries -- on a still-ongoing war?\ But, more important, how can we honor and mourn
He was an Eagle Scout. He was an athlete. He loved American cars. He wore shorts in the dead of the winter. On May 21, 2009, an insurgent with a bomb in Baghdad's Dora market ended Jason George's life. Our country lost a great soldier that day. And I lost a good friend.
The federal government shouldn't be in the business of picking winners and losers regarding which charitable organizations
This year, hundreds of thousands of children lived because of this change in the global market. And because of UNICEF's volume purchasing, prices for therapeutic food dropped by nearly 10 percent -- math that equates to more children saved.
During my sophomore year in high school, I realized that I was \undocumented.\ I was used to supporting myself and my family, but suddenly there seemed so many things I could not do.
We do not subject our visitors to IQ tests; the curiosity in their faces, the intelligence of their questions, and the empathy they feel for immigrants of America's past and for each other testify to the future of this country and the role that immigrants have played, and continue to play, in shaping this great city and country.
When a young woman's needs of health and security are met, and she is equipped with the skills and insights to transcend circumstances, she gains the opportunity to realize her fullest potential.
This short video from @home features Nan Roman, Nan Roman, President of the National Alliance to End Homelessness, and Loyd
Needless suffering and death can be avoided if women are invested in and valued culturally for more than just their reproductive capacity.
Even if Daddy isn't here to help you pick out a gift, or even if you feel bad if your teacher didn't let you make a card for me, it's going to be okay. There are better things you can give me.
Whether a woman is a mother today, or a mother to be, her health is paramount -- both for her own productivity and quality of life, and that of the next generation.  One way that we can help to support women -- and their children -- is by ensuring that all mothers receive the essential health services they need, including for HIV.
The answers to some of the biggest challenges facing us this century lie waiting to be discovered in the laboratories and institutions of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. But we must remember, scientists do not operate in a vacuum in such endeavors.
In developing countries, women are disproportionately affected by the challenges of extreme poverty yet time and time again find the courage to provide a brighter future for their children.
Under the FFS system, doctors are paid based on the number of medical services such as operations, procedures, and tests ordered. As a result, the payment structure encourages physicians to deliver care based on quantity, but does not fiscally incentivize improving patient outcomes.
Help the Homeless Right now, perfectly healthy animals in shelters across the country are being killed because there's no
More recently, in a report calling for New Models for School Success, Carnegie said
States and districts must act now to design schools that use their most valuable resources--teaching, technology, time, and
Every year on this day, tens of thousands of people make the pilgrimage to Omaha, Nebraska to hear two of the worlds richest men discuss everything from cultural trends, to love and marriage, to assigning probabilities to terrorist attacks. Those men are Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, of course.
Allowing family narrative to evolve, however painful the initial reopening of the wound, allows you to cherry-pick the best of your parents' gifts with clarity and pass them along to the next generation.
With the rise of organizations and initiatives that educate, empower, and encourage urban residents to demand their rights
Our experiences as Miss Universe and Miss USA instill within us a global outlook. That's what the Global Mom Relay speaks to -- women and men and children coming together in support of solutions for moms and kids that will benefit us all.
April is Limb Loss Awareness Month. Our nation has become all too aware of limb loss this April as a result of the Boston bombings. I am not an amputee myself, but I share a connection with the amputee community because of my dogs, both of whom are missing limbs and are certified therapy dogs.
The path that led us to the deployment of a citywide gigabit network has been a challenging one. There have been ups and downs, but we have remained focused on what is best for our community. In keeping our focus, we have delivered the connectivity that our citizens demanded nearly a decade ago.
I'm a member of GOOD, the worldwide community of people who give a damn. We are pragmatic idealists working towards individual and collective progress. And today, I am excited to share the first holiday of the GOOD community
class of 40 trainees in that very same EXPO building less than a week ago, and is about to start a new training session on
On April 18, Girl Rising was screened at the World Bank in Washington, D.C. in an event to give a greater momentum to girls
One of the challenges we are tackling at the summit is related to food.  We look forward to continuing this conversation and sharing our newly gained knowledge about how we can all work to improve our environment.
There is much to learn from this horrific occurrence beyond the details that have yet to be revealed. Although it is human to seek vengeance against those who have caused pain, if this mindset is maintained our geo-political atmosphere will forever be at war.
We are traumatized as terror unfolds from the Boston bombings and the killing at MIT. Our minds are full of horrific images, as we feel more and more fearful and out of control. What do we do and how do we talk to ourselves during this traumatic time? The quickest, most effective way out of fear is to turn to love.
As the hostage negotiation continued and we sat down to dinner, I prayed that we'd come out of lockdown a safer, more caring community. I loaded the plates and raised a glass, with the hope that my fellow citizens will find the strength to heal.
Every day, we make hundreds if not thousands of individual choices. Some times big, some times small. Sometimes self serving
The impact one cell phone can make on the life of a woman in labor anywhere in the world when she doesn't have the time or means to get to healthcare is remarkable.
goods for good distributes shoes as part of an innovative education program for orphans, and then we take it a step further.
Access to water is a central issue for slum dwellers around the world. Getting water is often a time-consuming endeavor that involves waiting in long lines and walking great distances. Water is often more expensive for the poor than for the wealthy, demanding a large portion of families' budgets.
Perhaps the greatest benefit of working with international students is that I get a constant reminder of what it's like to
Esther felt she had no choice but to take in these twins as her own. Having raised her own children largely as a single mother, she couldn't imagine them growing up without a \mother's love.\
Is it not our obligation to facilitate what is best for each student by requiring a structured planning process, especially one that carries no additional cost to the school or family?
Despite the world being more connected than ever before, we continue to tackle global challenges by anonymously sending help
Throughout his tenure as WWE CEO, Vince McMahon has made charitable giving and philanthropic projects cornerstones of the WWE business model.
This post is part of our Millennial Impact spring series \Getting Fresh.\ These blogs highlight our young, innovative contributors
MAMA works in South Africa to help more mothers get access to culturally sensitive health information via mobile phones to better care for themselves and their babies.
Easter is a day of new starts and new beginnings -- of realizing we are worthy of second chances because God loves us. Let us celebrate second chances by investing in women, who are powerful agents of global change.
I love being an American. I'm a Texan, an outdoorswoman -- but if you told me I had to give up some rights or change some laws so that my daughter could safely go to school, attend church, or walk home -- I would do it.
The organization calls out specific brands such as Toblerone and shows you ways to help stop trafficking. And they're not
Pakistan is today counting the costs of a week of carnage in which teachers and pupils have been violently attacked simply because they want to go to school. As pupils gathered at the Baldia Town School this morning for an awards ceremony, grenades were hurled into the building and then shots rang out.
Homeless services is starting to adapt the use and sharing of data. HUD has now even mandated all service providers use HMIS (Homeless Management Information Systems) as a requirement to funding! That's all great, but to make data really work we need policy and cultural changes!
If you eat a purple cupcake, there's a chance you can save a life. Since 2008, when Purple Day was created by eight-year-old Cassidy Megan of Nova Scotia, Canada, on March 26th, people the world over wear lavender in support of those battling the realities and consequences of epilepsy.
As a professional basketball player, I have had amazing opportunities to use my talents, to play with the best players in the world, and even to represent my country in the Olympics. All of those opportunities began at home.
My road back to golf and to Clay Hamrick was a spiritual one. December 2011 caused me to face my two biggest fears
For well over a century, South Africa miners, their families, and communities have been decimated by tuberculosis. But, the current momentum in the region suggests that we may have had good reason to be hopeful.
Today's Global Mom Relay post comes to you from around the world. Members of India's Self Employed Women's Association, an organization of low-income self-employed women workers led by Reema Nanavaty, and Anna Ingwe.
\u00e2\ufffd\ufffdWe choose to donate money based on the level of perceived need,\u00e2\ufffd\ufffd Derek Thompson wrote in the Atlantic in 2011. \u00e2\ufffd\ufffdBeggars
Why does this matter? Someone who manages to drive their peers to invest their time and talents to solve global problems
We have to do more than tread water.  The sense of urgency is great. A new wave of civic engagement in communities of color is necessary to move this agenda forward.  It is the only way that opportunity for all will be attainable.
Who better than professional money managers to raise and invest funds while applying the skills that make them successful in their day jobs to philanthropic initiatives?
Rape is an extension of a cultural obsession with violence, not solely an issue of just one gender being violated. Let us not get confused; yes, there are specific ways that gender is targeted through rape (i.e. war), but that is not the totality of the issue.
The work of the United Nations and the growing movement to advocate for girls comes down to one truth
I began my career in HIV and quickly learned that in the shadows of affluence lies the truth about San Diego . . . a region lacking the resources to address the dire health needs of our most vulnerable residents.
Providing a social enterprise for street homeless people takes a lot of trust on everyone's part. That trust alone my be better at restoring a life than the money these vending carts will generate.
Today, we want to discuss the behavior set, mindset and belief system of STEM leaders. We call these habitudes -- because success is a combination of disciplined habits and battle-hard attitudes.
We have a historic opportunity to get HIV, tuberculosis and malaria under control. We are immensely grateful to the Japanese people for the role they have played towards this end.
\u201cThe school is like my refuge,\u201d Kim Tran told NBC Washington. \u201cIt\u2019s the one place where I feel safe, comfortable and actually
While International Women's Day is a day for us to remember the many achievements and advancements for women around the world, it is also a day to remember how far we still need to go, particularly when it comes to improving health care services for mothers and their babies.
Standards are in place to end violence and discrimination against women and girls. Governments must not be allowed to backtrack on their pledges.
I had the opportunity to speak with H.R.H. Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands about her work and thoughts on motherhood. As mothers to four young children between us, the reflections and aspirations shared by other moms take on a special meaning.
At HuffPost Impact, we\u2019ve partnered with GreatNonprofits.org to highlight 10 local charities and their tireless work to help
A powerful myth of the '70s was that \you have to eat meat to get enough protein!\ and one of today's myths is that \if you dump oil stocks your portfolio will suffer!\ Good nutrition, people now know, is no longer about meat and potatoes.
I worked until my 9th month of pregnancy -- the Goldman Sachs Embassy Suites hotel by ground zero.
Every night, when darkness decreases the chances they'll be shot, an average of 5,000 refugees, half of them children, flee from Syria into Jordan, Lebanon, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt.
There are people in Kenya who survive on one meal a day -- if they're lucky. As little as 500 shillings about $6 is enough
Society probably spends more time trying to ignore mental illness than to understand it. And that's not easy to do given how many people mental illness affects.
We are in the 21st century and less than 10 percent of workers are women in the construction industry.
People believe that we are here to fill a quota, not to do a job. When they see that you CAN do what you were sent here to do, they begin to respect you.
Generation Me, claims that Millennials have strong attributes such as confidence and tolerance, but in contrast we also have a sense of entitlement, narcissism, and rejection of social conventions. In other words, we make great entrepreneurs.
It may have been a strategic move by awards season maestro Harvey Weinstein that thrust mental health into the spotlight
\It all happened in five minutes. I was in the toilet,\ she said. \The government of Syria has made it very clear that they
Years ago I was bullied and threatened on the job after my coworkers met my gender-queer partner.
BRUSSELS, Feb 18 (Reuters) - The European Union will hold an international aid conference on Mali in May, EU Commission President
Correction
Update 2/17/13, 5:40 p.m. EST
From community gardens to just global policy, a national and global movement is growing to reclaim food, land, and agricultural systems from agribusiness and put them back in the hands of citizens.
When we create relevant and rigorous learning experiences for high school students, and combine that with the technological resources, we engage students and provide motivation to achieve.
No single woman leader, even one with as compelling a story as Gabby Giffords, can shift the direction of this debate alone. It will take women like the mothers of Newtown, and organizations like One Million Moms for Gun Control led by Shannon Watts, and more.
This year, on V-Day's 15th anniversary, Enlser is leading one BILLION people as we rise up to stop the rape and violence.
Although the Obama administration strongly supports its ratification and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has voted
PHOTOS of Lucca
Providing the poor and marginalized with employment is the best way to help them lift themselves out of poverty.
As of Friday, five women were rescued and eight human-trafficking related arrests were made in New Orleans, according to
This is an annual event for Jaworski who has raised over $75,000 in the past three years, according to cigaraficionado.com
When Tom Scanlon stepped down from the board of the Public Welfare Foundation this fall after 40 years of service, he could have gone quietly. Instead, he wrote his colleagues a thoughtful letter that made clear where he felt the organization had gone wrong.
The grand narrative of social entrepreneurship is everywhere
As a society, we feel entitled to strip people of their privacy rights when they appear to transgress how we believe they should live their lives. But who are we to determine what, when and where anyone else must share about their private lives? Privacy is a human right.
There's a growing and welcome awareness that the world's biggest health challenges have profound economic implications as well.
If one thing was made clear by the scale of the recent anti-child slavery demonstration of 200,000 young people in the Burmese capital Rangoon, it is that regimes can repress for a time but they cannot maintain their repression indefinitely. The marches show that while children may disappear one by one into slavery, sold off by relatives or neighbours, becoming in effect invisible people - the victims' cries for help cannot be silenced forever, and eventually the truth will out.
Certainly big business can't bear all of the blame about the unemployment rate among youth, but organizations must begin to invest time and effort into candidates that have promise but may not have 100 percent of the skills or the training that are required.
Current global governance is widely viewed as no longer fit for purpose; sources of capital are unstable; demands for accountability and measurement of impact are multiplying; and almost everyone is struggling to connect meaningfully with younger generations.
Unlike the military men that were once stationed adjacent to bordellos and trading posts, this 21st century Marine sentry hasn't worn a uniform in quite some time. But that doesn't make him any less duty bound or his imposing stature any less intimidating.
The world has made impressive progress in health over the past few decades, leading to untold lives being saved. Just as risk managers have learned it is impossible to eliminate risk, the public health community is learning the value of building resilience.
Is there sufficient proof for immortality and the existence of the afterlife? No, not 100 percent. And for me, there will never be until I'm there. But that's okay.
What if all you wanted was to be able to work, to support your family, to get yourself off the streets -- to feel successful -- but you can't? Then what?
Today, as President Obama is sworn in for a second term, we're seizing the moment to take the JobRaising Challenge to the next stage. Starting now, you can view the powerful profiles and videos of our 74 finalists and donate to the organizations that resonate most with you.
Transitional jobs programs work to help chronically unemployed people facing barriers to employment get the experience, skills and opportunity they need to enter the workforce.
The national job crisis goes deeper than the availability of jobs. The day-to-day barriers to employment disproportionately impact families who lack cultural and economic capital to participate freely in the job market.
Covering Davos' Open Forum, the Student Reporter can bring the public dialogue and the unique Davos atmosphere down from the Alps and closer to the rest of the world.  It doesn't matter what subject you shoot -- a slightly different angle can change the whole picture.
Every era offers something special. I think the most special thing about our current time is the incredible opportunity that scientific advances have provided in the field of global health, giving us the ability to completely control highly dangerous infectious diseases such as AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.
Today, nearly 12 million of our fellow Americans are unemployed. Our hardest hit communities are struggling to hold on. The trend is not reversing. Government has not taken strong enough action. So what can we do?
Dr. King's principles and methodology of nonviolence outline a path to social change that still holds true.
As a result of the dinners, vibrant networks and passionate partners have been created for these causes. Here are a few ground rules that help these dinners succeed.
\Quite frankly, I think that Obama's programs have prevented poverty, including concentrated poverty, from rapidly rising, considering the terrible economy.\
Jealous says one solution is motivating them to take action in response to an issue that angers them. But the news about
Joyce Banda, president of Malawi since April, is already a beacon of hope for that desperately poor country, but also for good governance across a continent long plagued by its opposite.
Considering Lance Armstrong spent his life letting countless others look foolish in order to maintain his own glorified image, it is hard to fathom that Livestrong was anything but another byproduct (albeit a positive one) of obsessive pride.
\u201cI thought it was the most degrading thing,\u201d Williams told NBC of how he viewed begging on a highway. \u201cI thought it was the
Many have expressed pessimism about the disparity between Haiti's slow reconstruction and the billions of dollars spent in and promised to the country. I have witnessed firsthand how projects can make a tremendous impact if the work is implemented with local actors on the ground.
Many of you know me as Michael Strahan the NFL football player and as Kelly's sidekick on LIVE! with Kelly and Michael. What you don't know about me is that I have a side to me that likes to give back, especially for children who are underprivileged and battling causes in order to save their lives.
While the Haitian people have proven to be incredibly resilient, there remains a great need for the tools and early warnings that Americans take for granted when dangerous conditions threaten lives and livelihoods.
On the 150th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, it is fitting to ask for a progress report. Are we winning the war against human trafficking? The answer, unfortunately, is no.
When I was expecting my second child, one of the most common questions I had my way was this
Like so many problems the country faces, nonprofits like Tabasamu step in to fill the gap. The long lineups of adults and
I am not trying to suggest that we should not have hope.  We must have hope for a better day in the childhood cancer community. But childhood cancer remains a killer of our children, and it also remains woefully underfunded and most people are unaware of this fact.
Reach out to your local Children's Advocacy Center. If you don't already have a relationship with your local advocacy center
The elimination of shared housing in residential zones would fall most heavily on people with disabilities for whom shared housing provides the best and most prevalent opportunity to live independently.
As you'll see through the eyes of a serviceman using bath salts, your friends may appear to transform to demons and zombies, you stand to wind up in emergency surgery -- and, possibly, Davy Jones' Locker.
As we recover from our holiday food comas, let us also remember those who go without. At HuffPost Impact, we\u2019ve partnered
At last, 2012 has indeed been a year of spellbinding paradox. As we work toward finding gratitude in each triumph and tragedy
4. Savvier Donors Because nonprofits are getting more savvy, donors are as well. In addition to an increasing demand for
\I thought we lived in the world's biggest democracy where our voices counted and meant something. Politicians need to see
The charity sector saw a number of unexpected boons in 2012. Forty-seven percent of unemployed people committed to giving
Year after year, the same resolutions lead the pack
Most of the Afghan basketball players stepped on the court barefoot; a few wore sandals, others worn-out dress shoes. In time, the hazy fog of Afghan players coalesced into human beings with names
As fiscal cliff ambiguity continues, some donors are increasing charitable contributions, while others are delaying gifts
While our endless and expensive elections, Superstorm Sandy and gun violence against children dominated 2012, here are 10 things we can accomplish in 2013.
Through the magic of Cisco's video collaboration technologies, children virtually connect to the \North Pole\ and are able to share their holiday wishes and Christmas lists with Santa directly.
Jesse is telling me about himself in an upstairs meeting room at Homeboy Industries, a charity that helps former gang members to become productive members of their families and communities.
For the many people who faced unspeakable tragedy and hardship this year, the season of giving takes on an entirely new meaning
As 2012 comes to a close, it's time to celebrate progress by looking back at some of the most memorable milestones and events of the past year.
Muungano wa Wanavijiji has helped to spotlight a new weapon in the arsenal of anti-poverty practitioners
Connecting the real-time knowledge of City Agencies and FEMA working on the ground, the Mayor's Fund ultimately funded over
It's Christmas Eve.  And for most of us, thank goodness, it's almost over. We've been too preoccupied with a lot of \holiday\ crap to enjoy a real joyous sense of a true Christmas.
Share Warmth with the Elderly - Visiting shut-in residents at the nursing home seem all too reminiscent of the holidays. It's
What follows is a possible set of considerations per industry that, if followed by investors, might move investment values closer to our underlying human values. Check it out as an overlay on your investments and see if it jives or not.
It has been a decade later, and Mercy's courageous work has not stopped. Today, she is responsible for impacting the lives
According to mythology, every 500 to 1000 years, the Phoenix dies in a fire in its nest and is reborn into a young bird from its ashes. It is from this story that Julie Anderson chose the name and the motto for her blog, \Phoenix Quilts.\
\Honored to feed 500 ppl at the Redfern Houses today.\ \After learning from a community leader that there were many homebound
I faced some tough opponents throughout my career in the boxing ring. It took the perfect combination of punches, resilience and an enduring commitment to become a champion. Today, the U.S. is facing a hard-hitting opponent of its own -- diabetes.
Its lyrics are known to countless millions, and the words of \Silent Night\  conjure up the image of a beautiful scene, and the mental picture we have is one of  peace and tranquility. But what was it really like that \Silent Night\?  Probably neither peaceful nor tranquil.
Efforts of communities across the country to come together in new ways are inspiring and show the way for business, nonprofits, philanthropy, government and citizens to work together for purposes that are more important than any one organization or group.
It has become a bittersweet tradition every year to write a Christmas message to our troops who continue to be in harm's way.
Over the next several months, we will take every penny that was raised and grant funds to the most effective organizations helping low-income victims and vulnerable populations in New York City, Long Island, New Jersey and Connecticut.
As I think about the impending new year, it occurs to me that all of us have resolutions that we can easily make, and possibly forget as the year progresses. We all do it. We are serious about our commitments at first, and then, somehow, we fall into old patterns.
The damage wrought by Typhoon Bopha has been immense. Families here have been left dazed and traumatized, trying to make sense of it all. Tens of thousands are still sheltering in temporary evacuation centers.
2. Our communities must stop ignoring and denying the signs of mental illness and addressing that problem head on. We live
Nothing says Merry Christmas like approving billions of dollars worth of military expenditures. Thursday the U.S. House of Representatives approved a $633.3 billion defense budget. I must say I wasn't in the mood to celebrate with them. So instead, I gave away my shoes.
Though Americans remain the world's undisputed champions of consumption, the holiday season also highlights our commitment to giving back.
In a season when many of us are focused on gift buying or a tax deduction, December is a good time to think about another kind of giving
If we wish to truly decrease senseless, unjust violence, we can begin by learning more about the suffering that people endure everyday through individual acts of violence and structural violence, and by investigating how our life choices may increase or decrease that suffering.
This year has been especially grim for mass murder, with the Aurora shooting in July and a mall shooting near Portland, Ore
We must include our children in our grief. Not only does it help them avoid the confusion of loss, but it also helps them discover their own strengths and their heart's ability to heal itself.
Sobering questions have emerged, including
International children\u2019s charities address a host of issues relating to the world\u2019s most vulnerable citizens. Whether it\u2019s
We know so much more about helping vets now.  But that's challenged by the nature of injuries from blasts, IED's and multiple deployments.  The VA can't do it all.   We need the help of the whole society to help these warriors heal.
You might think professionals in education, health and social care don't need to be taught about compassion. You might think compassion was what got them into their jobs. You might, in that case, have never been in a hospital, or a care home, or a school.
True holiday spirit is about giving to those in need. That's not the kind of giving that drains your bank account and floods your credit cards. It's giving that comes from the heart.
SantAngelo\u2019s program is different because he, and his wife, guide families that are trying to reconnect after long deployments
Each of us as women, teens, and girls must reach a point where we feel empowered from within to insist on using protection every time. Empowered to speak up, to start the conversation about using condoms or other methods, whereby engaging in unprotected sex is no longer negotiable.
As the world's attention has been fixated on the fight against HIV and AIDS, something ironic and perverse has happened. We have failed to invest enough resources to mount an effective fight against tuberculosis (TB), the number-one killer of people living with HIV.
Every December, World AIDS Day provides an important moment to pause and reflect on the progress we've made during yet another year fighting the AIDS pandemic.
In particular, HIV/AIDS continues to have a disproportionate impact on women and children. HIV/AIDS is said to be the chief cause of death for women of reproductive age worldwide.
For most children, a birthday or holiday is a day of hope and joy. But for many children you probably do not know, December 1, World AIDS Day, may be the most important date on the calendar, signifying commitment and unity in the fight against the HIV/AIDS pandemic.
The progress made since those early days in Lesotho -- both here and around the world -- is worth celebrating on this 25th World AIDS Day. This day is a time of hope for the HIV community.
Any truly effective response against either disease will have to be comprehensive
We have reached a pivotal point in the fight against HIV/AIDS and this weekend, Belvedere will join (RED)'s many supporters to celebrate World AIDS Day.
Care for Kenya's new women's resource center will have the capacity to train and educate 180 women like Anne, each year, dramatically impacting the lives of these women and their children forever.
In a world where almost one billion people are chronically hungry and the current and future state of food security is beset by challenges such as climate change, knowledge and information are powerful.
I'm thanking the caregivers in my life this year -- friends and families who give countless hours to others with often no payment beyond their own knowledge that they're doing the right thing for another.
\u201cI want for each soldier to hear from us back in the states often,\u201d the South Florida girl wrote. \u201cI can\u2019t imagine my parents
Peruse our list of 10 charities below that cater to some of the most vulnerable populations, including veterans and kids
As I think of today's global challenges of illiteracy, it is clear that the difference between the poor and the prosperous lies in the power of words.
\No matter how bad you think you have it, there is always someone else who has it much worse than you. It makes you feel good when you buy something for yourself, but the best feeling in the word is when you help change someone else's life. It makes your heart feel good.\
We never fully understood Black Friday. People travel across the country to spend Thanksgiving with the people they love. And then the next day, they get up at 6 a.m. to find the best deal and go on autopilot. Isn't there so much else we can do on this day, surrounded by our families?
\Sandy Friday\u2019s\ co-founders, Alia Kate and Lei Zhao, describe themselves as \u201cnormal people with day jobs who saw a need
This holiday season, the first question we should ask ourselves is, \how can I help?\ It's not \What's in it for me?\ and it's not about the rewards and recognition we might receive for doing good.
Like a lot of groups that work in global development, CARE's understanding of poverty around the world has evolved since the days when they were shipping CARE packages to families like mine.
Dig deep the next couple of weeks and finish this year doing things that aren't so frenzied and frustrating but are life changing. Think hard about what really matters and make someone else's holiday season merry and bright!
Photos courtesy of Alison Thompson 3) Team Rubicon and US Vets When Hurricane Sandy hit the east coast, Team Rubicon was
The exciting new iPhone app is designed to send text alerts and uses a GPS tracker, lending emergency support to those still suffering from abuse.
With the help of these women and my amazing collaborators at N\u00e4kturnal, I found my SELF. It's a constant growth process, but I feel closer than ever to making sense of it all.
Stacy is a hard-working mom, student and Army wife whom our Cooking Matters team met in Colorado earlier this year. Her family's budget is tight, and putting healthy, affordable meals on the dinner table each night felt like an impossible task.
Unfortunately, premature birth is all too common
Hiring is only half of this battle. Making veterans feel included and supported once they join the civilian workforce is ultimately essential to their success, so we're now growing our veterans inclusion efforts.
Like a wise professor, Diane Nash walked us through the methodology of nonviolence/agapaic energy, and urged us to use this power to change our country and the world.
Some people don't ask me to explain why certain odors elicit such a visceral emotion.  Perhaps they are unsure or even afraid of what I might say next.  But for those who want to hear what I experienced in combat, I will always continue.  It's a story I want to tell.
The single best way for national leaders to genuinely honor the sacrifices of veterans and their families on November 11, 2012 is to step up and end the cycle of mental health crises that have plagued American society since 1919.
If you have no veterans with disabilities working for you then that's a problem -- but it's a problem we can solve together. We need you to reach out to us.
When you see that the suicide rate has increased 150 percent among veterans since 2001, you know that something is desperately wrong with how the country is handling the needs of veterans.
Actions, of course, speak much louder than mere sentiments of gratitude.  And on that score, we have yet to face the true test.  As the Iraq and Afghanistan wars come to a close, we will welcome back whole divisions of military men and women.
Hiring is only half of this battle. Making veterans feel included and supported once they join the civilian workforce is ultimately essential to their success, so we're now growing our veterans inclusion efforts.
In all my years as an enlisted Marine and an Army chaplain, I never once heard a combat veteran call another service member a hero, unless it was a joke. Heroes are superheroes and as such, they do not experience war and death as a human being. Heroes do not bleed, grieve, or feel alone.
It has become an honor every year around Veterans Day for me to write about our veterans, our heroes -- still alive or resting in peace. This year, in a way, it is no different.  It is about a World War II veteran, a hero, and it is about duty, honor, country.
Try whining to Mr. Lincoln about the ideological war between red and blue states. He might point out that the war between the Blue and the Gray involved real bullets and real blood, as well as a moral chasm.
For the 18th time in his life, Bill Lowery of Dexter Township cast his ballot for U.S. president on Tuesday. \I haven't missed
On this Veterans Day, as we honor the men and women who have sacrificed for our freedom, we must focus our attention on those veterans whose own freedom has been lost to incarceration due to substance abuse, mental illness, and trauma.
As on many Veterans Days in years past, this year we find our nation at war. The war in Afghanistan -- the longest conflict in our history -- sharply reminds us at the Department of Veteran's Affairs of our urgent and ongoing commitment to Servicemembers and Veterans.
By role modeling and encouraging their executives and professionals to serve on nonprofit boards, corporate leaders can help to advance democracy.
I first became a soldier in a war zone on Veterans Day in 1970. My father, a World War II vet like all the other dads in our working-class, Philadelphia neighborhood, was helpless to save me.
It is vital that we focus on helping veterans find jobs and work with employers to identify qualified candidates so they can continue to fully contribute at home as they did during their military service.
The current financial crisis makes it very clear that our current financial system is not sustainable. This is the opportune time to re-imagine and re-design it using a new set of objectives.
Who would launch a hate campaign against an organization that provides clean safe drinking water to impoverished people in places like Swaziland? What's to hate and who would hate it?
\Now I might chant a little but I still try to make yoga as relatable as possible to the military culture, so I try to quickly emphasize breath, muscles, and mind
Epicenter of the outbreak outside the UN compound Photo
Elections are about so much more than just the act of voting, and there are many ways for young people to be engaged in elections that don't involve casting a ballot.
Many adoptive mothers of Ethiopian-born children \chat\ in private online venues and express strong desires to see heads of adoption agencies imprisoned. Mothers continue to feel angry and saddened every time a new story further illustrates what sometimes transpires to get a child out of Africa.
Perhaps Sandy will tip the balance toward a vision that is, at its essence, patriotic -- built on our love for our country, and all the regions and people that make it up.
Americans care about these issues and they are not afraid to act. But will our leaders listen? Cross posted at Oxfam America's
Why is bystander intervention so important? Sudden cardiac arrest victims need to receive CPR and defibrillation within a few minutes of collapse to maximize the chances for neurologically intact survival.
Are you volunteering today? Let us know in the comments below. Nationwide, organizations and volunteers are taking part with
I support the \Housing First\ model, but so often chronic homeless individuals are placed into an apartment without adequate support.
\The whole thing is founded on a lie. The guy cheated, and he forced other people to cheat,\u201d Birdsong told CNN. \u201cI would
So Lance Armstrong is a tough cancer survivor who did what it took to be a champion. In one arena he crossed the line. But maybe where it really counts, he became a true champion -- for all cancer survivors everywhere.
If you set out to help eradicate poverty, what would be your weapon of choice
At the end of May Marilynn Marchione, Chief Medical Writer for the Associated Press wrote that the average number of ailments
The Center for Children in Poverty estimates that we have lost all of the gains we made over the past 50 years in child well-being. We've lost opportunity. We are facing a crisis that demands an urgent response in these politically charged and polarized times.
While slavery is no longer acceptable in the developed world, legally or socially, the sad truth is that it is still rampant -- hidden in the underbelly of society (all around the world) and woven into the supply chain of some of our goods.
Microwork and impact sourcing could be the next big thing in the development world.
In Nigeria, where we work, we are squarely focused on getting African children into primary school and making sure that what awaits them is rewarding, competitive, and productive. Above all, we need to ensure that they stay.
It turns out, my time with Off.Grid:Electric was a final course in user-centered-design, and the lessons I learned can be applied far beyond MBA studies.
In New York City, the Partnership for Maternal, Newborn and Child Health (PMNCH) convened a meeting to present key findings of three new publications examining progress on commitments made to improving women's and children's health.
Everywhere we walked, I saw the most drastic contrast between tough conditions and an incredible alegria -- an optimism that I had never encountered before. In each interaction I began observing an appreciation for the small pleasures in life.
GiveImpact.ly is a mobile fundraising platform enabling non-profit organizations to communicate the impact of their monetary
LinkedIn Board Connect has taken online board matching to a new level for non-profit organizations.
The stakes are so high (for ourselves, for humanity, for planetary survival) and yet most of us are struggling with when, what, how to make a difference.  We are wondering if we have what it takes.
Maureen Kanyiginya is a young midwife with a gentle, confident presence. Sitting on a bench in a grassy area outside the rural health center where she works, in western Uganda, she says she loves helping mothers and delivering their babies. \I make mothers comfortable,\ she states firmly. \I'm a health worker.\
Working together through the Global Strategy, we have seen how sound planning, sufficient resources and political will, can make a significant difference in the lives of millions. But the global community can still do much better.
Caleb has a plan to bring hope to the thousands of kids in Eastern Kentucky that go hungry when school lets out for the summer
September 22nd marks the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation to free slaves in Confederate states during the Civil War. Slavery, however, still exists in the U.S.
The number of children dying every year from preventable diseases in developing countries is nearly equivalent to half the children entering kindergarten in the U.S. This devastating statistic alone should be enough to make you want to do more.
How well is the private sector doing in tackling the rising pandemic of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), which cause nearly two out of every three deaths in the world?
Helping nonprofit boards and qualified board candidates to find each other is vitally important. Here are my 10 recommendations to candidates in considering a nonprofit.
Every citizen of the United States is presumed to have the right to vote; however, not having a permanent address interferes with exercising that right.
DIRECTIONS
Haiti and excellence. Those are two words we seldom associate with each other, yet as Tropical Storm Isaac gained momentum on its track over Haiti, I stood in a building that proved how excellence is taking root in this earthquake-ravaged, poverty-raked country.
Introducing the IGNITEgood Millennial Impact Challenge, in partnership with The Huffington Post. You could win $10,000 for
When board members embrace their responsibility, commit to engage productively, and contribute generously, then they can accomplish great things in achieving the mission and the organization's greater potential. That's the role of the board.
In December 2001, I gave birth to our first son. He would see his father go to Afghanistan when he was 1 year old. Then Iraq
UPDATE -- 9/11
In recent travels to Africa, it became clear to me that this literacy disconnect is a two-pronged problem
Consider Half the Sky's \30 Days Campaign\ the official soundtrack of women's human rights
Broadway just may be the first homeless services organization that I know of to actually empower homeless people with social media.
Can we Westerners imagine how Chadika residents -- free from capitalistic values and Western lifestyle perceptions -- might be closer to achieving a happier, healthier, more responsible community?
Judging from media accounts, I'm the rare American veteran who isn't homeless, homicidal, or suicidal. To be sure, the toll
Fabien Cousteau was born with a passion for the ocean. Here are some of his thoughts on saving the world, one fish at a time.
Today would have been my brother's 60th birthday. Shariff Billy Nyad died three years ago, age 57, having lived most of his adult life on the streets of Boston. For those of you who are familiar with mental illness in your family, you will recognize this story.
Amy Neumann is a social entrepreneur, writer, speaker and consultant on social good marketing. Check out her Charity Ideas
A year ago this weekend, Hurricane Irene plowed into the East Coast with a roar, churning up the shoreline and leaving shuttered businesses and displaced families in its wake.
Why do people hate? When does hurt turn to rage and then to violence? How can we stop intolerance and encourage love? And, finally, how can we stop the perpetrators before they act out?
You have to try to keep yourself healthy too. At least here in Afghanistan I live in a house and can eat fresh fruit and
No one would have faulted Agbaje and Waheedah for surrendering to their HIV status, but instead they persevered, becoming activists in their own right.
By Patrick Sullivan, The NonProfit Times One in five Americans, about 21 percent, believe that nonprofits spend 20 to 29
Mayors do not have the luxury of accepting the status quo, we are often forced (by duty and psychological make-up) to take positions that often run opposite of both conventional wisdom and what's generally politically popular. Opportunities Hartford is primed to do just that, and Hartford, which undoubtedly will be all the better for it.
This Xtreme Dream of mine, the Cuba Swim, has rendered me awake and alive and alert. And now my time has come. This is it. I will jump from those rocks at Marina Hemingway in Havana and begin this extraordinary journey.
\[Farmers] are not risk takers,\ said Julius Thuku, a participant, who like others was wary of new agricultural practices
Now the Iraq and Afghanistan war veteran is pushing for \major policy changes.\ Staff Sergeant Chad Staples took a bullet
\We hope this event will build on the momentum generated by President Barack Obama\u2019s increased commitment to nutrition and
With pamphlets and peace buttons, bumper stickers and self-published books, the gray-haired veterans and eager young activists
Meaningful employment forms an essential part of a person's well-being and identity. Yet there are many who are unable to access the traditional job market due to significant barriers linked to their mental health or addiction challenge.
Known as \Blade Runner\ because of his J-shaped carbon-fiber prosthetics, South African sprinter and double amputee Oscar Pistorius has captured the support of fans around the world and has a loyal fan base in our catastrophically combat wounded from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Although I have followed much of the social media interaction of our rough sleeping friends and Jeremy Swain, the chief executive
The quality of one's life is not determined by the circumstances. Is life perfect? No. I still manage to hit rough patches, or as friends say, \Oh great, another f-&*king growth opportunity.\
NEW ORLEANS \u2014 There's a gigantic hole in the roof of the abandoned building where Ralph Paze lives in the Seventh Ward of
The overall veteran unemployment rate for July is 6.9 percent, down from the June rate of 7.7 percent. The fact that the
We let customers reduce their commitments to us to right size their infrastructure with their changing business conditions. It was a tough decision, but it was a great investment in our customers.  It paid off for us then -- and it continues to work in today's choppy economy.
Neeson Levinson says the letter he received from the Department of Veteran Affairs on June 21 placed the future of his 30
In 2011, Project peaceBOMB sold enough jewelry to clear the equivalent of 10,000 square meters of bomb-littered land.
She got help from the now defunct organization \Bridge Back,\ and wants other sex workers battling HIV/AIDS to have access
Keith Kreps, vice president of RDO Equipment Company, told ABC, \Supporting family farming is key in maintaining the economic
Support Stanek through his nonprofit, Paws and Stripes, which provides service dogs for veterans with PTSD. The Daily Mail
Consider what a quarter-century more of an unending, still-deadly plague has wrought
Ending the suffering from AIDS is possible in our lifetime. To know it's possible, one need only to see how the investment and the life-saving treatments and drugs that followed it have stalled a once booming coffin making business in Southern Africa.
We need to our veterans and their families as whole people. We must stop, look and listen (and really see and hear) them, in order to find a way out of our linear, silver-bullet, quick-fix blinders.
Ruth DeGolia quickly realized that \the best way to get a dollar to a kid is to put the dollar in the hands of a mom.\ And those mothers were talented weavers and sewers who just didn't have a large enough of a market to sell their handmade clothes, scarves and accessories.
At NMASS, many of the women were shocked to discover that there were severely exploitive labor conditions in the United States
Permanent supportive housing has become the mantra for ending homelessness in America. But if we place in these units the people most able to navigate the highly bureaucratic acceptance procedures, or we use priorities like timing, luck, economics, or politics, then this movement will do little to end homelessness.
Let's look at companies that are contributing to what is often referred to as the \Impact Economy.\
No one knows when the hunger race will end. Regardless, as public crowds cheer and encourage marathon runners during a race, so should we support the Tarahumaras in whatever way possible.
Micro-saving groups are widely used in Africa to increase the wealth of the very poor. Working with Oxfam America we adapted the concept to the U.S. urban market.
The catch is that to receive that help, you need to qualify as \homeless.\ And while the Department of Education applies
Event leaders said this sum could potentially prevent the deaths of 200,000 women during pregnancy and childbirth, 110 million
Though South Sudan is 7,000 miles away from the U.S., we still share the same desire to live in peace and freedom. We both share the same dreams for our children, that they can grow up safe, go to school, and maybe someday become president.
The saga of Lennox, the non-aggressive Belfast family pet sentenced to death under the U.K.'s \Dangerous Dogs Act\ based not on any misdeed but simply on his appearance as a \Pit Bull Type,\ has riveted the world.
At the Royal Opera House in London, England, homeless people were given an official platform at the celebrations of an Olympic Games for the first time in history.
Every time we undertake the patriotic gesture of hand over heart calling out our pledge, it reminds us we are all called to be faithful first. Success will follow.
For 99% of Americans, this Fourth of July marks yet another annual tradition of barbecues, block parties and fireworks. It's the halfway point of a long hot summer. A day to celebrate freedom, 'Merica, and being born in the U.S.A. But for the other one percent? The war still rages on.
Every action a mother takes (or fails to take) with respect to developing her child's learning skills, directly affect the child's ability to succeed in the future.
Under the ACA, all uninsured citizens with incomes under $15,000 per year will be eligible for Medicaid starting in 2014
Today's young people want to get to work and make a difference.  We just aren't giving them the opportunity to do so.
To keep America strong and Americans working, opportunity must flow to everyone. Regions with lower unemployment and greater growth prospects break the ice by finding the connections between innovation, collaboration, and education -- a flow of resources to create, attract, and grow jobs.
The good news is that over the three years I've been attending the conference the importance of capacity building in nonprofits
Extreme violence in Mali has driven thousands of residents across their borders to neighbouring countries Burkina Faso and
Jerry Sandusky will spend the rest of his days behind bars. It has ended as it should. However, we act as if this is a unique situation. Yes, he's that big a criminal and justice has been served. But when will we tackle the pervasive epidemic of childhood sexual abuse?
We've all been moved by the stories of dads who have made ultimate sacrifices for their kids. But what about the everyday
And while he spends his days providing a roof over their heads \u2013- and food on their plates \u2013- in his heart, this hero always
There are 1.5 million charitable organizations in this country, so you can certainly find one that your dad cares about. Many
While most of the media and politicians seem to be drumbeating the imminent doom of sustainable development should Rio+20
You can also join Feeding America, Rep. Jim McGovern (MA) and other hunger advocates on Monday, June 18 at 1:30 EDT for an
Peace Corps volunteers 60 and older have more than doubled in the past three years. Just this month an 81-year old man completed
The SUV's driver was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries and has been released, according to the news
Caring for newborns and young children is only half the battle. It is equally important that we study what happens during pregnancy, because safer and healthier pregnancies will put every child in a better position to live a long and healthy life.
I most likely wouldn't be spending time thinking about accidentally killing an ant if I was in the hustle and bustle of my everyday life. I realized that this was a metaphor for something else. People do things that they simply do not mean to. People do things because they are moving too fast.
What is my foundation? When do I feel at my best and am I aligning myself with people and situations that help support me?  I knew that the \happiness GPS\ inside me was telling me to make a choice.
More than two million rural households -- and 20.2 percent of children -- in the United States lack regular access to enough
I've heard all kinds of stories about Gavin Newsom, but to me, any mayor that leads a community by washing the feet of our homeless friends is a hero.
Social entrepreneurs are holistic thinkers who want to dissolve the walls that have traditionally separated government, business and the nonprofit sector. They believe an integrated approach -- which is core to social entrepreneurial methodology -- has the best chance of success.
In our interconnected world, all of us, individuals and organizations, public and private, can no longer be fixed on \I.\ We all have to learn to play well with others and collaborate substantively in the proverbial sandbox.
For her efforts, Leight was one of five recipients of the Innovations in Reading award by the National Book Foundation -- and
Every Memorial Day growing up, we would go to the Winnetka, Ill., Village Green where there is a large monument to all the
Parents are suppose to love their children enough to die for them, not care too little about them to die on them. So how do you begin to rebuild your own life in the face of a parent taking theirs?
Thousands of other Vietnam veterans have also found their purpose to help this generation's severely injured service members
In these tragic moments, when we have lost a friend, son, brother, father, mother, sister, daughter or fianc\u00e9, we have not lost all that they accomplished in their lives. Their legacies and examples will withstand time, as long as we continue to honor the fallen.
If you're trying to beat the heat this Memorial Day, there are ways to honor our troops away from the noisy parades and crowded
Last year a good friend of mine told me of how she felt of me being able to go to many places in honor of my fellow veterans. I don't consider it a vacation on any level, but as a way of continuing my duty. I believe this is how many veterans of my era and previous eras feel, as well.
This Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have fought, and fallen, for their country. We also pay tribute to those still fighting. For a lucky few, their lives will be changed by the constant companion, friend, and therapist that a service dog is for a veteran returning from war.
That's the spirit of Memorial Day; it's the remembrance of those who didn't come back alive, and a celebration of the esprit-de-corps and how they lived their lives.God bless the United States and those who stand watch over us tonight.
Women need to be empowered and aware of their own voice and potential to make a difference. Women are the key to economic productivity and social stability. It's time to engage!
Memorialization should not be about where or how a death occurred. It should be about honoring the life offered in service to country.
Many of these injuries are a result of improvised explosive devices (IEDs), or roadside bombs, which have caused a disproportionate
Both of my parents passed away in the month of May over a decade ago, making every Memorial Day particularly poignant for me. So my first suggestion is simply one of gratitude. We have so much to be thankful for in the men and women who have had the courage to serve our nation.
Homes for Our Troops Thanking service men and women on Memorial Day is one thing -- but honoring those who returned to civilan
It's not that I'm not delighted to be a mother.  I am.  Parenting is a significant part of my life, but it's not the sum total of my being and not something that's part of most adult relationships outside my home.
The inconvenient truth that won't be discussed enough this weekend is that fewer and fewer members of our armed forces are actually dying in today's wars. This Memorial Day, let's consider the courageous, wounded warriors.
Women farmers work hard to grow food for themselves and their families, and for sale. They plant and tend, fertilize and weed, harvest and process -- in short, do all it takes to produce a crop. But they don't get much in return.
Somehow, the social good charities that have an amazing ability to transform America's hurting people need help in creating brands that attract the eye of America's donors. We need the Robert Irvine of charities to help create a make-over in this changing new world.
As an amateur climber for 20 years, I learned that to scale daunting cliffs and ice, two core attributes are required -- courage and teamwork. You probably feel like you have been climbing your own mountain after two days of G8 talks at Camp David
While it is too early to speculate about what the UK government will prioritize next year, and it's unlikely that it will publish any formal agenda until the end of this year, we do know that much has changed since the last UK presidency of the G8 in 2005.
In just two short years, Krista Donaldson and her team at D-Rev have changed the lives of over 3,500 people in India. Donaldson is one of 21 outstanding speakers at TEDxStanford that you can watch live on LiveStreaming today.
SLIDESHOW
Many communities are proposing making microchipping all dogs mandatory. Besides finding your dog, there are two good reasons to make microchips mandatory.
The situation in Niger reflects a harsh reality for many women and newborns around the world. According to UNICEF, every minute a woman somewhere in the world dies either from childbirth or from the complications that follow.
We believe that investments in national and economic development should use the growth of children as the best and most accurate yardstick to measure success.
Find out what you can do here. Moms at Risk for Poor Maternal Health Raise awareness about the girls and women who die each
It's no accident that I fell in love with a single mother. They know how to give unconditional love in a way the average people can't.
What is the greatest gift we can give a mother this Mother's Day?  There are many answers, but one is a healthy life for her and her child. This Mother's Day, let's sharpen our resolve to ensure mothers everywhere have children who are born HIV-free.
On Mother\u2019s Day, we have the chance to honor our lifelong heroes \u2013- the women who brought us into this world and continue
After meeting the Haitian leadership at St. Damien's and St. Luke's Hospitals, I can tell you first hand that there is a great deal to be hopeful about in Haiti.
It's every mother's human right to give her children health, safety and happiness, no matter where she's from. Mothers in the Congo face unimaginable hardships. But there's hope in amazing community-based organizations.
If you are a mother, grandmother or aunt with a healthy child, give thanks on this Mother's Day and everyday for their health. Life can change in an instant, and it is my sincere hope that you never have to stay at a Ronald McDonald House.
The premise of my store was to provide a place where fair trade items from international artisans would be available. I wanted to provide a place where the \locals\ could come together with some of the newcomers to our small town.
It is no coincidence that the countries with the highest rates of child mortality, mostly in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, or sub-Saharan Africa, also have some of the lowest rates of contraceptive prevalence.
The 2012 G8 summit offers an important moment for global leaders to signal to the rest of the world that immunization and vaccine development programs are a top priority. They should not let this opportunity pass them by.
Mother's Day is another day where in many countries women will be responsible for finding and fetching water for their families.
This Mother's Day, we are offering cards on our site to fund surgeries for women in need. In honor of mothers all over the world who work hard to take care of their families each day, Samahope enables anyone to give the gift of saving a woman's life.
My grandmother, Nora Jo, moved in with my family when her Alzheimer's disease advanced to the point where it was dangerous for her to live alone. That's when \chaos\ of ultra-farcical proportions began.
As a doctor practicing in Africa, I have seen the AIDS pandemic unfold. I have witnessed the spread of HIV slow down as progress has been made in identifying effective prevention strategies.
Living in a society where personal projection, ego-management and soft-skills account for much of one's success, I wonder to what extent will celebrity status motivate future online activists?
Joan's mom died about a year before Joan's troubles began. Her pregnancy, jail time and homelessness began after her once life-long guardian was no longer there to protect her.
The Future Project (as described in this video) stands at the intersection of educational redesign, national service, social
We Care Act has engaged over 20,000 people from 17 countries and helped over 14,000 kids recover from natural disasters. Through my work, I've realized that service is power.
On International Day of the Midwife on May 5, our short film \What I Want Is Simple\,  is airing on national television and radio in Tanzania.
Being a woman is a great opportunity but also a responsibility, because our society is so far from being equal and united. Great changes are the result of little actions by each person. What you are waiting for?
What Africa needs now more than anything is not Western sympathy or aid, but Western investment. And investment in all forms. Not just investment of capital, but investment of ideas, knowledge, skills and expertise.
Wishes that come true, parents say, create moments where the children regain their identities separate from illness, and take back enough control of their lives to force a return to normalcy for the entire family.
THANK YOU Shaun King and everyone connected to Hope Mop. You are all my heroes! Since I met Carey I have been trying to help
By taking clients at their word and allowing them to choose from an array of truly healthy foods, Arnold ushered in a new era of food banking, one that is more efficient, more nourishing, and more responsive to those it serves.
MASSAPEQUA, N.Y. \u2014 One of the world\u2019s most prolific bootleggers of Hollywood DVDs loves his morning farina. He has spent
Princess Marie Louise Hospital is an 86-year-old institution that specifically treats malnourished children and what I saw on my visit with the ONE Campaign today was astonishing.
The problem of hunger can be solved. The planet creates more than enough food to meet everyone\u2019s needs. But there are still
The nascent impact investing field might may suffer from an insufficient tolerance for failure as well as an underdeveloped
I had worked as a newspaper reporter for more than a decade, interviewing presidential candidates and reality TV stars. I had a college degree and a retirement account. Never once had I thought I would need help with something as basic as buying food for my kid.
There is little about this current state of affairs that we will want to sustain. Sustainability, a state we never came close to achieving, is no longer enough. Regeneration is what is required. What is it?
As a father of three, I see unlimited potential when I look at my children. And I am reminded that my own parents came to the United States from India so that my sister and I could have a strong education and greater opportunity in life.
Today, focus your efforts on improving the lives of others; even if it be lending a simple smile to a stranger where otherwise there would be none. Make the world a bit brighter today, and a bit more every day after. Your life will follow suit.
U.S. education needs more private capital and the horsepower of private enterprise to make the transition to personal digital learning.  More broadly, we have an historic opportunity in this decade to extend quality secondary and tertiary education to every young person on the planet.
Ira and Barbara Smith of Acton, Mass., have been making dreams come true since 1990. When they heard about an El Salvadoran
Find an event that allows you to give back to the planet on VolunteerMatch. Roll up your sleeves and join Earth-enthusiasts
The passion of the volunteers and the generous citizens who try to make a small contribution towards the huge efforts of
Damon, who was being interviewed along with his Water.org co-founder, Gary White, goes on to point out that Obama should
The work of WWO is about community, and all international development work should be based on the simplest of formulas to help needy people rally within their community to hold strong and escape poverty and conflict.
\Sometimes when we want so badly to help, we just come in and try to help,\ Wendy muses. \If we come in to learn who they
DALLAS, Pa. \u2013 His was an ordinary tale of a rambunctious boy, raised in a Chicago suburb, immersed in sports and the love
Financial contributions are also welcome, and much needed for supplies and shipping expenses. Donations can be made online
Reimagining work amidst a global recession might seem crazy, but as Albert Einstein famously said, the true definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
When Grant Dollars Meet Investment Capital
After a frustrating year of slow progress, a landmark lawsuit that seeks to hold the Ugandan government accountable for the
It used to be the \American Dream\ was to purchase a detached single family home down the street from Ozzie and Harriet Nelson. Today, that dream has been reduced to simply hoping your family can afford rent on a two-bedroom apartment sandwiched in a multi-storied stucco box.
Since 1998, IKEA U.S. and American Forests have been dedicated to improving the lives of the many people, our habitat and ecosystems, through the national-in-store 'Plant A Tree' program.
Though it has yet to be confirmed as authentic, the Daily Mail points out that Grace Natabaalo from the African Center for
Through the modest investment of pigs, vegetable seeds and tree saplings, this family went from barely covering their daily
As we gather at our Passover tables and consider the feast ahead of us, let us take the injunction, \All who are hungry, let them come and eat,\ to heart. Give to help the world's vulnerable children. It will make your Seder even more meaningful.
To improve the health and development of children, 10 states received grants to provide early childhood support and home
According to Arrillaga-Andreessen, \A philanthropist is
In March, Adopt-A-Classroom and OfficeMax launched \Help Henryville\ to help the over 40 teachers and 700 students displaced
Nearly 650 Members of Parliament from over 120 countries are attending the 126th Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Assembly in Kampala, Uganda -- and the health of women and children is high on the agenda.
I have cried every day this week. Remember as I tell you this, that I'm male. And British. And from Oxford. I cried when I heard Nick Danziger. I cried when I heard Eve Ensler. I cried when I heard Annie Lennox. I've also smiled a lot.
When one is surrounded by men and women with a \can do\ attitude, an infectious energy, and an ability to see opportunities for innovation and transformation at every turn, it is pretty hard to be gloomy about the state of the world.
Back in February, Taylor Swift had taken to her Facebook page to give McGuire a response
Joblessness often leads to homelessness and our veterans are not immune from this frightening reality.
Slacktivism is often defined as merely a feel-good measure that requires little personal effort or sacrifice on the part of an individual that has little practical impact in actually helping the involved cause. But ignore slacktivism at your own peril.
Prom is on its way and so are truckloads of dresses for girls who can't afford gorgeous gowns for their big night. \I got
Entering just our third year, the impact of Impact is instructive for how we can leverage the tools of \slactivism\ to create
USAID has made tremendous progress in the past year on C-TIP and I'm already looking forward to next year's PITF, where we can share how we've turned our policy into action, announce concrete deliverables, and make new commitments to combating this horrific crime. We hope all our partners inside and outside the government will hold us accountable.
Is apathy and the financial crisis what stand between us and the saving the lives of people who lack access to basic prevention and treatment?
We still have many millions -- and their numbers are growing -- who face the threat of hunger on any given day. The Old Face of Hunger, unlike the younger one, has no way out. There is no job waiting for the 87-year-old.
FRP educates the family, providing training, therapy, and support so the unit can better understand and manage PTSD, mild
This St. Patrick's Day, when you twist open a bottle -- be it an Irish brew or not -- choose a beer that brings some good
Invisible Children, the NGO running the Kony 2012 campaign, suggests social change depends upon making a $30 purchase rather
To reward those who gave generously, Takei (with the reluctant backing of his husband) performed his signature \happy dance
U.S. donors gave a total of $352.2 million to three major charities -- the Red Cross, World Vision and Save the Children
\We're talking about a lot of money,\ Meliza Torres, Josia's grandmother, said while wiping back tears. \But I know we're
This heightened awareness of the 26-year trail of wreckage left by Kony is a good thing. And now, more than ever before, countless people are asking how to help the victims and not only how to help catch Kony.
When you're a kid, a lot of times you feel alone. That feeling is multiplied when you grow up with HIV. But then you find someone who has been through what you've been through, and it makes you feel better.
At the end of the day, brands want our trust. The marketplace is full of shiny objects vying for our attention and money. Money is simply the manifestation of trust. Mutual trust requires vulnerability.
To help shut down Backpage.com, sign the organization's petition. Change.org is getting help from New York council members
Two days after a tornado devastated a small town in Illinois, only one volunteer rescue organization was allowed to bring
Streaming video by Ustream CHAT
It's not easy to introduce neglected tropical diseases, or NTDs, to first time audiences. The truth is they may be the most important diseases of girls and women you have never heard of.
Laura and her young friend Maurice, shared meals at the start of their relationship, but it wasn't until an impromptu conversation about lunchtime did Laura learn the true meaning of a brown bag lunch.
Te-Erika www.te-erika.blogspot.com I would like to expand this initiative to other businesses and I would love your support
Malcolm X's legacy is important for Muslims and non-Muslims alike -- and one that has influenced many American Muslims, including myself.
For some of the Oscar nominees, getting recognition for stellar acting performances isn\u2019t the only mark of great achievement
The Academy of Country Music Awards will be held April 1 in Las Vegas. ** Taylor got back to us!!!! She is unable to attend
*** A Billion + Change was launched by the Corporation for National and Community Service and is under the honorary chairmanship
Optimist World Daily good news headlines, inspiring stories about charities, positive corporate social responsibility activities
Before ECI was founded, Affleck served as a correspondent for \Nightline\ , and in 2009, when ECI was established, he wrote
When Luke Weber joined Matisyahu on stage to sing \One Day\ -- a song that calls for hope -- he brought the lyrics to life
We have also seen ups and downs for women's political participation. All of us were initially encouraged by the visibility
YouTube has already launched a designated place for nonprofits to identify themselves, which adds a \donate\ button the videos
A recent image of the Mashco Piro in Peru. (\u00a9 D.Cortijo/www.uncontactedtribes.org) Illegal timber being seized near the Mashco
This President's Day weekend, I would like to remember President 'Teddy' Roosevelt, and pay homage to his many legacies -- the teddy bear being one of them.
When President Obama released his budget last week, he laid out some ideas to loosen the grip of poverty. I have one to add
Last week the animal rights campaign Peta caused a stir with an online advert that suggested you don't have to eat meat to
Nonprofit board service is the ultimate leadership opportunity, giving business executives with the personal and professional skills they need in this new world.
The incident came just three days after an ESPN anchor used the term \chink in the armor\ and one day after the owner of
Ask a woman when she was hungriest, she might say when she was pregnant or breastfeeding. I drove to McDonald's where I was seduced by a filet-o-fish sandwich. In contrast to what's happening in Niger, I wasn't hungry at all.
Support CARE, which fights poverty worldwide and allows you to donate money or supplies and create an online care package
Playwright, activist, and feminist Eve Ensler has revitalized the terrain with her announcement on February 14 of the ONE BILLION WOMEN initiative. The goal is to have one billion women and men demonstrate their demand to end global violence against women.
Moms have a secret weapon when it comes to reducing their risk of cardiovascular disease. That weapon is breastfeeding. Studies show that moms who breastfeed can lower their risk of developing heart disease and related issues.
For children battling cancer, the treatment wreaks havoc not only on their bodies, but also on their social well being. One
Starting this morning in San Diego, 26-year-old Janessa is beginning the Cycle For Security bicycle tour. In the next few
The controversy surrounding the decision by Susan G. Komen for the Cure to withdraw grants to the Planned Parenthood Federation
Maternal death rates in Afghanistan are down 22% since 2000 thanks to the growing popularity of midwifery training programmes
Americans give billions of dollars to charities each year. These donations are largely due to donors' generosity and concern
Given the growing number of modeling agencies that transport underage teenagers from foreign countries into the United States and the growing sex trade of underage girls in the U.S. why does this industry remain deregulated?
\Most young soldiers or Marines are married and have a young family, and so we need to address the entire family to ensure
Whether your date is a raving success or an absolute catastrophe, your heart will be warmed by what you've done for others. Here are my top picks.
Here's another example
\u201cIt\u2019s about low income people trying to get their own home,\u201d People First president Russell Havill told LOTW Enterprise. \u201cThe
VOTE

The Harvard graduate's \Ready, Set, Read!\ program, which is affiliated with the HIKE Foundation, works with about 100,000
CURE Childhood Cancer CURE has raised millions for work that focuses on improving the care, quality of life and survival
Why only 1 way to measure growth?  If I get a 10 percent raise next year but eat less healthy food, spend less time with close and extended community, or do more self-serving work, did I really grow?
There is a lot of hype about impact investing. The Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship took this week at Davos to convene important discussions about how to harness the hype and create results that are both practical and impactful.
Most social enterprises already collaborate with large companies, but now with the trend quickly shifting from traditional corporate social responsibility (CSR) to creating shared value (CSV).
In 2008, accountant and amateur photographer Lee Jeffries was in London to run a marathon. On the day before the race, Jeffries
It was 2007 and the 9th Ward still looked like an overgrown prairie strewn with concrete slabs. In the years since then, Make It Right NOLA has assembled a living study in sustainable architecture for returning residents.
A local contracting company offered to install a wheelchair ramp and Cheeks has set up a fund for people to donate to Hollis
Africa is taking command of its future by tackling an ancient plague.  If you care about peace -- and the prosperity of every woman, child and community -- you must care about malaria.
Tinkering -- that hands-on, garage-based tradition -- is making a comeback among average Americans, promising to change our lives for the better on several fronts.
It's time we all step up our efforts to ensure that women everywhere can decide freely if and when they want to have children, that all mothers can deliver their babies safely and services are available for women who have suffered violence.
Since Brady started promoting Martinez's cause, 100 people have registered with Matching Donors and two matched with recipients
