Attorney Aaron Schlossberg Insists Anti-Spanish Rant 'Is Not The Person I Am' In the apology, Aaron Schlossberg claims he moved to New York because of all the diversity.
Protesters Throw A Fiesta To Razz Lawyer Who Ranted At Spanish Speakers Aaron Schlossberg was treated to outrage, mariachi music and espa\u00f1ol outside his home.
Latino Man Insulted When Starbucks Barista Writes Slur On Cup The coffee giant tried to apologize with a $50 gift card -- which was refused.
Angry White Dude's Rant About People Speaking Spanish In NYC Goes Viral The man tells an employee \u201cYour staff is speaking Spanish to customers when they should be speaking English.\u201d
Trump Asks If There Are Hispanics In The Room Before Demanding His Wall Once he made sure the coast was clear, he gave a bizarre shout-out to Kanye West, too.
What Life Looks Like For A Toddler Growing Up In A Mexican Women's Prison \u201cIt\u2019s the strength that God sent me to keep going while in prison.\
Behind The Scenes Of Venezuela\u2019s Deadly Prison Fire By Rebecca Hanson, University of Florida and Leonard G\u00f3mez N\u00fa\u00f1ez, Universidad Nacional Experimental de Seguridad (UNES), Venezuela
Lin-Manuel Miranda's Childhood Letters Are Way Too Real For People Who Hated Summer Camp \Please come and take me back to New York, away from this hell hole.\
Samantha Bee Wants To 'Make America Give A Damn About Puerto Rico' Again \u201cIf this happened in Connecticut, it would be front page news every day.\
Border Patrol Rips Undocumented Mom From Daughters In Emotional Video Officers in California tore a mother from her crying daughters in broad daylight.
This Beauty Vlogger Empowers Afro-Latinas To Embrace Their Blackness \u201cI was always this girl who felt like she had to choose between being black or Dominican,\ vlogger MonicaStyle Muse told HuffPost.
Akon Says His Bid To Restore Puerto Rico\u2019s Power Was Rejected \They don't care about the people,\ the rapper and co-founder of Akon Lighting Africa told TMZ.
All They Will Call You Will Be Deportees All the people on the plane died the same way, but in death, they were not treated the same.
Cecile Richards The Planned Parenthood president stood with Dreamers and supported a clean Dream Act in an essay for Time magazine.
Amara La Negra Drops First Song And Music Video Since Record Deal The \Love & Hip Hop
Rapper French Montana Launches Campaign To Help Dreamers Go To College \I am one of tens of thousands of first and second generation immigrants that are having a significant positive impact on the United States.\
Michelle Rodriguez Will Star In Virtual Reality Series \u2018The Limit' \Sin City\ director Robert Rodriguez is behind this \first-of-its-kind series.\
Oscar Isaac Explains Viral Photo Of Him Eating Cheetos With Chopsticks We finally know the truth, and it's real classy.
Comedian Julio Torres Has Some Hilarious Valentine\u2019s Day Perfume Ideas \The Tonight Show\ correspondent even had one scent inspired by FLOTUS.
John Leguizamo Tells Moving Story About \u2018Black Panther\u2019 And Representation \It\u2019s going to make me cry,\u201d the actor said at Build Studio.
Pizzeria Owner Once Slammed For Blackface Now Stereotypes Mexicans Brad Breakell insists \Billy Burrito\ is just a role and therefore he's \not being racist.\
Mexico's Alpine Ski Team Gear Is A Gorgeous Tribute To The Day Of The Dead Calaveras everywhere!
Junot D\u00edaz The author discussed white supremacy and privilege at the University of Missouri.
Watch What Happened When This Latina Tried To Learn Spanish In 60 Days BuzzFeed's Maya Murillo described the experience as an \u201cemotional journey.\u201d
FEMA Contractor Failed To Deliver Millions Of Meals To Puerto Rico Democrats say documents show a company contracted to bring 30 million meals to the island delivered just 50,000.
'Jane The Virgin' Star Slams Award Shows For Ignoring Latinos Year After Year \I mean, 'Modern Family,' again, for the 12th year, same nominations?\ Jaime Camil told Slate.
These 6 Selena Cards Will Make Your Valentine Feel Como La Flor A Mexican-born graphic designer first created them for his wife.
Hey Teens, These Tide Pod Conchas Are Actually Edible Now, please stop eating detergent.
The Tacro Is Born, A Flaky Mashup Of A Taco And A Croissant Foodies of Instagram rejoice!
Lin-Manuel Miranda And Vanessa Nadal Welcome Their Second Baby Boy The \Hamilton\ creator even shared a photo of the couple's newborn.
'One Day At A Time' Star Rips Trump Over SOTU Puerto Rico Remarks Justina Machado also went after the president's five military draft deferments.
People Went To A State Of The Union Viewing Party To Throw Flip-Flops At Trump's Face Organizers urged viewers to hurl their chanclas, or flip-flops, \u201cwhenever you feel Trump disses you or your community.\u201d
Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui Could Be Amy Winehouse's Clone The Latina transformed into the late singer for a Lip Sync Battle performance.
FEMA Now Says It's Not Ending Aid For Puerto Rico Hurricane Survivors The agency gave unclear and at times contradictory statements about aid over the past two days as outrage grew in the wake of an NPR report.
John Leguizamo Took On Donald Trump At The People\u2019s State Of The Union \Make America great again, really great \u2015 not just for the white and the wealthy and the male.\
\u2018Despacito\u2019 Video Star Claps Back At Trolls Who Attacked Her Grammys Performance Former Miss Universe Zuleyka Rivera has no time for haters.
Camila Cabello Recognizes Dreamers Ahead Of U2's Performance By Statue Of Liberty \u201cTonight, in this room full of dreamers, we remember that this country was built by dreamers, for dreamers, chasing the American dream.\
We're Living For These Twitter Reactions To The 'Despacito' Grammys Performance \ud83c\uddf5\ud83c\uddf7 \ud83c\uddf5\ud83c\uddf7 DES-PA-CITOOO \ud83c\uddf5\ud83c\uddf7 \ud83c\uddf5\ud83c\uddf7
'Despacito' Was Robbed At The Grammys, And We\u2019re All Worse Off For It By nearly every measure, it was the biggest song of 2017.
Shakira And Maluma's 'Trap' Music Video Is Finally Here It quickly became the No. 1 trending video on YouTube.
Shakira And Maluma Won\u2019t Stop Teasing Their Steamy New Music Video The artists have been sharing sensual clips likely related to their song \Trap.\
Chamillionaire Responds To Critics Who Don't Get Why He Helped Mexican Immigrant Watch the rapper explain the importance of black and brown solidarity.
The 'West Side Story' Remake Already Seems More Authentic Than The Original The Steven Spielberg film put out a casting call for three Latino actors.
\u2018One Day At A Time\u2019 Star Addresses Stigma Of Depression Among Latinos Justina Machado spoke to Variety about what the series is taking on in season two.
Gina Rodriguez On The Lack Of Latino Representation The actress wrote that the community's underrepresentation in Hollywood is \devastating\ in an essay for Variety.
Hispanic Media Coalition Accuses The Academy Of \u2018Institutionalized Racism' \It\u2019s time to end the whitewashing and put Latinos in front of and behind the camera.\u201d
The Oscars Are Happy To Recognize Latino Stories, But Not Latino Actors The Academy is just part of the problem.
Guillermo Del Toro Dedicates Oscar Nods To Young Latino Filmmakers The Mexican director's \The Shape of Water\ earned 13 nominations on Tuesday.
Camila Cabello Is The First Woman To Reach No. 1 With Debut Album In 3 Years The singer's single \Havana\ also reached the top spot on Billboard's Hot 100 for the first time this week.
Reporter Fangirls Like Crazy Over Ricky Martin -- And He Hears The Whole Thing WGN journalist Ana Belaval had just finished asking the star about his hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Gina Rodriguez Slams Hollywood For Lack Of Latino Leads The actress did not mince words during her red carpet interview with E! News.
Rosario Dawson Opens Up About Being Raped And Molested As A Child The actress also discussed the aftermath of her cousin's tragic death last year.
Catherine Zeta-Jones Defends Portraying Real-Life Latina In 'Cocaine Godmother' \u201cThis happens to be the third Hispanic I\u2019ve played,\u201d the actress told Entertainment Weekly.
'Party Of Five' Reboot To Focus On Latino Siblings Whose Parents Are Deported Freeform has committed to a pilot episode written by the original show's creators.
Camila Cabello's Vote For Standout 'Havana' Cover Goes To A Rubber Chicken Yes, a rubber chicken version of the song exists.
Watch How This School In Puerto Rico Reacts When Power Returns After 112 Days The viral video is both sweet and heartbreaking.
A Nicky Jam Bio-Series Is Coming To Netflix The 13-episode show will star the reggaeton artist himself.
Abandoning DACA Would Be America's Loss The plight of immigrants, especially Hispanic and Latino immigrants, is one of our nation\u2019s greatest tragedies.
Former Mexican President To Trump Vicente Fox was responding to the U.S. president's reported \shithole\ comments that were made during a recent White House meeting.
San Juan Mayor Says Trump Made Hurricane Maria Recovery About Himself \The federal government didn\u2019t do things right from the beginning,\ she told Time magazine.
Camila Cabello Gets Candid About Her Dramatic Split From Fifth Harmony \If anyone wants to explore their individuality, it\u2019s not right for people to tell you no.\u201d
Jennifer Lopez Is Returning To 'Will & Grace' In 2 Roles JenPez guest-starred on the show back in 2004.
'Jane The Virgin' Officially Adds Another Latina Director To Its Ranks More of this, please. \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffd
Don't Celebrate Trump's DACA Court Loss Too Early, Advocates Warn A legal expert advised Dreamers not to send in applications to renew their two-year protections just yet.
Camila Cabello Hits Pop Chart Milestone With 'Havana,' Ooh Na Na Taylor Swift was the last solo female artist to achieve the feat with 2013's \I Knew You Were Trouble.\
John Leguizamo On When He Realized The True Struggle Of Being A Latino Actor In an interview with The New York Times, the actor described how he forged a different path after film school once he came to understood the industry's bias.
Actress Shamed For Wearing Red To Golden Globes Responds To Critics Blanca Blanco defended her decision to not take part in the all-black protest.
Guillermo Del Toro On How He Balances The Dark With The Good The response elicited laughs at first, but then he masterfully broke it down.
The Heartless End Of TPS For Salvadorans Yesterday, the Trump administration cancelled Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for 200,000 Salvadoran nationals who had been
A Blueprint For A National Legal Defense Fund As many Dreamers wait in limbo on a DACA extension, there are steps Americans can take to protect them from deportation.
Eva Longoria Confronts E! Over Pay Inequality And Catt Sadler On Live TV Debra Messing wasn't the only actress who expressed solidarity with the former E! host during the Golden Globes red carpet.
Selena Gomez Wonders If Life 'Could Have Been Better' After Visit To Childhood Home The singer said she's grateful for her platform today, even if she doesn't \know how to do it well or actually want it.\
The New York Times Identified Living Legend Rita Moreno As 'Guest' In Caption The Puerto Rican is one of only 12 people to have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony.
Jennifer Lopez Reacts To 'Finesse' Remix With 'In Living Color' Clip Drippin' In Nostalgia The superstar got her start as a Fly Girl dancer on the '90s hit show.
'Love & Hip Hop' Star Amara La Negra Shuts Down Trolls Saying She's In Blackface The Afro-Latina singer masterfully responded with an adorable childhood video.
'One Day At A Time' Trailer Reveals New Season Will Tackle Xenophobia But it looks like there are plenty of laughs in store for the Alvarez family, too.
America Ferrera Explains Why She Would Never Name Her Baby After Herself Mother knows best!
'The Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants' Cast Reunites For A Special Photo Op \u201cStarting the New Year off with blessings from my Sisterhood,\u201d America Ferrera writes on Instagram.
'Love & Hip Hop' Star Puts Music Producer In His Place After He Says Afros Aren't Elegant He also questioned singer Amara La Negra's Afro-Latina identity.
Eva Longoria Celebrates Growing Family In Cozy Pregnancy Photo \I\u2019m so grateful to my beautiful family for giving this new baby so much love already!\ the actress wrote on Instagram.
Ricky Martin Talks Homophobia And Showing 'Tush' On TV The \American Crime Story
Cardi B Is The Only Rapper With First 3 Singles In Top 10 Simultaneously The \Bodak Yellow\ singer joins The Beatles and Ashanti in Billboard chart history.
Jennifer Lopez And Alex Rodriguez Just Kill It In New Year's Workout They'll make you regret your TV bowl game binge.
6 Bilingual Crossover Songs That Prove Latin Music Was King In 2017 Here's hoping 2018 brings us more collaborations! \ud83e\udd42
Demi Lovato Is Already Cool For The Summer In Plunging Cherry Swimsuit \ud83c\udfb6 \Got a taste for the cherry,\nI just need to take a bite.\ \ud83c\udfb6
18 Tweets That Capture The Struggle Of Translating For Immigrant Parents As A Kid Comedian Cristela Alonzo started the thread by sharing her experiences as her family's interpreter.
Shakira Postpones World Tour Again After Vocal Cord Hemorrhage The Colombian singer suffered the injury in October.
Jimmy Fallon Could Barely Keep It Together During This Cardi B Interview \The Tonight Show\ interview is Bodak GOLD.
40 Celebrities Sign Letter Urging Democrats To Uphold Promise To Protect Dreamers America Ferrera, Rosario Dawson and Jennifer Lawrence were among those urging for the Dream Act to be passed right away.
'Coco' Is Doing Better In This Country Than In The United States Or Mexico The animated film has made more than $150 million in an unlikely place.
To Protect Dreamers, Congress Must Pass The Dream Act Legislators must not drag their feet in ensuring hundreds of thousands of Americans are not displaced from their country.
'Narcos' Teaser Reveals Diego Luna And Michael Pe\u00f1a Will Star In Season 4 It's unclear whether Pedro Pascal will appear in the new season.
Gina Rodriguez Goes Full 'Fifty Shades Of Jane' On Instagram Things are about to get interesting on \Jane The Virgin.\
J.Lo Is More Than Her Booty, And This Poet Wants To Set The Record Straight Jennifer Lopez herself shared the ode on social media.
Lin-Manuel Miranda To Congress But mainly the \Hamilton\ creator wants the government to help because people are suffering.
ICE Will Not Silence Me Having been targeted by the agency and thrown in its jails, the world must know my story.
Ricky Martin Intensifies Call To Action For Puerto Rico \We have been forgotten, and I\u2019m really angry about it. And I\u2019m going to keep talking. And I\u2019m going to be really loud.\u201d
Selena Gomez Praises Taylor Swift's \u2018Big Heart\u2019 In Birthday Message \I'm glad you were born,\ the singer wrote in a sweet post for her friend.
'Coco' Director Writes Moving Tribute After Father's Death Lee Unkrich promised he would \always remember him.\
Salma Hayek Transforms Into A Silver Goddess For New Role The actress just finished filming \The Hummingbird Project.\
This Latino Artist Just Made History On 'The Late Show' Grammy-winning singer Juanes gave a groundbreaking performance on Monday.
8-Year-Old Boy Collects Over 1,000 Toys For Kids In Puerto Rico \Can you donate one toy, from the bottom of my heart and the bottom of your heart?\u201d Jayden Perez asks in a now viral video.
Adriana Lima The Victoria's Secret model opened up about her job's \pressure to look a certain way\ in a recent Instagram post.
Bobby Cannavale Chose His Son's Name In Honor Of His Latino Roots Rose Byrne and the actor welcomed their second child last month.
Puerto Rico's Death Toll May Be 1,052, New York Times Analysis Finds The official count of hurricane-related deaths is 62.
These Latinos' Reactions To 'Coco' Prove Representation Matters \u201cI\u2019m a wreck. I\u2019m going to cry again like 10 other times today.\u201d
Jessica Alba Reveals What It Would Take For Her To Act Again The actress says it would \feel weird\ without it.
Oscar Isaac On The Possibility Of Poe Being An LGBTQ Character In 'Star Wars' Because who doesn't want a Poe and Finn romance? \ud83d\udc95
Cardi B Responds To Backlash For Calling Herself The 'Trap Selena' \u201cI\u2019m the trap Selena, dame m\u00e1s gasolina,\ the artist raps in \MotorSport.\
It Has Taken Me Years to Understand What It Means To Be Latino Here's what the term taught me about the spectrum of my heritage.
92 Days Have Passed Since Trump Ended DACA. We Can\u2019t Let Another Day Pass Without It. We can all help even if we are not in Washington, D.C.
Selena Gomez Makes Her Instagram Private And Fans Are Wondering Why Many speculate the decision has to do with a teddy bear referenced in her Billboard cover story.
Highly Criticized \u2018Frozen\u2019 Short Is Leaving Theaters, But Not For The Reason You Think Fans will soon be able to watch \Coco\ without sitting through more than 20 minutes of an unrelated short film.
J.Lo Says Working With Marc Anthony On New Album 'Repaired' Their Relationship \It kind of made us friends again.\
Miguel Tackles Immigrant Detention Centers In His Music Video For \u2018Now\u2019 \To see innocent people ripped from their way of life, to essentially be incarcerated and used as cheap labor is really crazy, man,\ he says in the video.
This Emotional Letter About 'Coco' Shows The Importance Of Inclusion In Hollywood \Thank you for including Us. Thank you for making my mommy feel like she belongs,\ a Mexican-American fan wrote to Pixar.
Bette Midler Says Geraldo Rivera Never Apologized For Assaulting Her In The '70s \Geraldo may have apologized for his tweets supporting Matt Lauer, but he has yet to apologize for this,\ the actress said.
Miami's White Nationalist And Supremacy Problem That Nobody Talks About As a first-generation Dominican-American living in Miami, I attest to the story needing to be published.
This Is What DACA's End Means For Dreamers Like Me We stand to lose so much more than our jobs.
Puerto Rico's Farmers Face A Long Road To Recovery Post-Hurricane Maria The island lost 80 percent of its crop value to the storm -- and it could take anywhere from 10 months to a year to get production levels back again.
Watch This High Schooler Demand Answers From Her Congressman On DACA Giselle Mendez persisted in getting the lawmaker to spell out his position.
Why Won't Senator Portman Come Clean About His Position On DACA And Ohio's Dreamers? The senator would prefer his staff members give mixed information on his DACA position rather than be a champion for Dreamers like me.
College Supports For DACA Recipients Are Necessary, Important And Fundamentally Insufficient Campuses all over the country are scrambling to help our students.
Yes, You Can Support The Barrio Without Pissing Off Its Residents Those wishing to contribute to neighborhoods need to do so without infringing on the established culture.
Puerto Rico's Most Vulnerable Are Still Waiting For Help 7 Weeks After Maria Some of those most in need are undocumented immigrants, many from the Dominican Republic who have been discriminated against in the past.
This News Anchor Just Broke A Major Barrier For Afro-Latina Journalists Ilia Calder\u00f3n is stepping up to the big chair at Univision.
Stunning Day Of The Dead Portraits Capture The Holiday's Unique Beauty \u201cIt is a day where death is lived with joy,\ says photographer Diego Huerta.
Eva Longoria Says Latina Wage Gap Is Like Ripping A Dollar In Half Latinas experience one of the largest pay gaps, making 54 percent of what white men earn, and Longoria has solutions.
We Must Challenge The Systemic Hurdles All Latina Women Face Unfortunately, the workplace is not the only area where Latinas are falling behind.
At Work, Every Latina Could Benefit From A Little White Man Swagger Latinas are the most underpaid of any female demographic in the U.S.
Demi Lovato Has Fans Seeing Double With Her Selena Costume \Everyone else can go home, Demi Lovato just won Halloween.\
More Than 900 Post-Hurricane Deaths In Puerto Rico Won't Be Physically Examined We might never know how many of those people died due to the hurricane, or how high the death toll really is.
Marco Rubio And Susana Martinez Will Fan The Flames Of Racism When They Stump For Ed Gillespie Given the Virginia gubernatorial candidate's most recent foray into overt racism, Rubio and Martinez will be complicit in his bigotry when they speak on his behalf.
I Grew Up Gay And Undocumented. I\u2019m Done Hiding In Closets And Shadows. Living in Virginia is a constant reminder that my identities are regularly demonized.
America Ferrera Is Basically Selena Quintanilla\u2019s Twin In This Pic We could fall in love with the actress\u2019 awesome costume.
Marco Rubio Throws Immigrants Under The Bus By Supporting Virginia\u2019s Xenophobic Candidate Marco Rubio, the Florida senator who has repeatedly turned his back on immigrants, is trying to help elect a xenophobic Republican
3 Deaths Linked To An Animal-Borne Bacteria Confirmed In Puerto Rico State epidemiologist Carmen Deseda told HuffPost there is a \fear\ of outbreak.
New Mexican Immigrants Are Fighting For Their Salaries Wage theft is a very serious problem.
Doctors Fear A Potentially Deadly Disease Outbreak In Puerto Rico As officials try to assuage fears, Christian Romero says his brother has already died from leptospirosis.
For Dreamers Who Endured The Horrors Of Joe Arpaio's Arizona, Our Work Is Not Done Life under the anti-immigrant sheriff  led many of us to the front lines of battle against the ideals he professed.
High Schoolers Protest After Teacher Tells Student To Speak  'American' The teacher told students that soldiers weren't \fighting for your right to speak Spanish.\
San Juan Mayor \We will no longer be able to hide our poverty and our inequality with palm trees and pi\u00f1a coladas,\ Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz Soto told HuffPost.
Finding Faces To Lead The Latino Movement Is centralized leadership the best route to achieving human rights for all?
Puerto Rico Governor Calls White House After Trump's Unsettling FEMA Tweets Ricardo Rossell\u00f3 wants the islanders to be treated equally to any other U.S. citizens after a disaster.
'Hamilton' Fans, Get Ready The Broadway talents are drawn together in their pursuit of a \fearless\ life.
Gina Rodriguez\u2019s Sweet Salsa Moves Raise $10,000 For Puerto Rico The actress busted a move for a good cause on \u201cEllen.\u201d
Mark Zuckerberg Responds To Backlash Over Puerto Rico Virtual Reality Video Critics called the video, which toured the hurricane-hit island, \u201cdisaster tourism.\
Puerto Rico Governor Asks Congress For More Aid, Citing $95 Billion In Damages Without \u201cextraordinary measures to address the halt in economic activity ... the humanitarian crisis will deepen,\u201d he says.
Puerto Rico's Official Death Toll Hits 39, With The Final Number Still Unknown The island's top public safety official neither confirmed nor denied media reports of many uncounted deaths.
Buzzfeed's 'Try Guys' Tackle Immigration And The Results Are Emotional \I'm ashamed of how much I was unaware of.\
A Trip To Israel With 50 Latinx Changed My Life Here are six things I learned, reinforced by some of the amazing people that I met.
I Survived Hurricane Maria Thanks Only To The Kindness Of Strangers My husband and I could have drowned in our own home, while government help was nowhere to be found.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Drops A Star-Studded Benefit Single For Puerto Rico \Say it soft and it\u2019s almost like praying, it\u2019s almost like praying.\u201d
After Backlash, FEMA Once Again Has Puerto Rico Power, Water Stats On Main Website Crucial stats on the humanitarian crisis were removed, leaving them only available on a Spanish-language Puerto Rican website.
The U.S. Cared For Haitians Better In 2010 Than Its Own Citizens In Puerto Rico Now It\u2019s been nearly two weeks since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, and aid relief is still inadequate.
As Puerto Rico Begs For Help, Trump Plans To Attend Golf Trophy Ceremony Trump is scheduled to appear at the Presidents Cup golf tournament on Sunday.
Lin-Manuel Miranda To Trump \No long lines for you,\ he said. \They'll clear a path.\
FEMA Insists Containers Sitting In San Juan Port Aren\u2019t Filled With Aid Puerto Rico's governor and others said there was food, water and medicine not being distributed.
NPR Butchers Pronunciation Of 'Mi Gente' And Twitter Responds Accordingly \'Gente' is pronounced 'HEN-tay,' not 'ZHAN-tay,'\ one person wrote.
Pentagon Appoints 3-Star General To Lead Recovery Efforts In Puerto Rico Lieutenant General Jeffrey Buchanan will arrive to the island later on Thursday.
A Week After Maria, Many Americans Still Haven't Heard From Loved Ones In Puerto Rico Word of mouth is the only way some know if family and friends are all right.
Mr. President Hurricane Maria deserves the same response as Harvey and Irma.
Standing Up For And Supporting Latinx Students On America\u2019s College Campuses There's a difference between \Hispanic-serving\ and just \Hispanic-enrolling.\
America's Mistreatment Of Hispanics Is Harrowing, But Should We Be Hopeful? Heirs to our nation's Hispanic heritage know the rigorous nature of our fight for decency and equality.
J.Lo, Ricky Martin And More Boricua Stars Post Emotional Pleas For Puerto Rico Some artists have yet to hear from relatives on the island.
Eva Longoria On Metastatic Breast Cancer And The Barriers For Latinas The actress wants to expand the conversation around breast cancer in a big way.
Let\u2019s Fund Health Care -- Not Deadly Immigrant Detention Centers As Congress debates massive cuts to health care spending, the president is asking for more funding so he can inflict even greater pain on immigrants.
Working With Latinos To Combat Hate Crimes We have a lot more work to do.
Why California Undocumented Youth And I Interrupted Nancy Pelosi\u2019s Dream Act Press Conference We will not give in to the exploitation of our fear.
Two DACAmented Dreamers, In Alaska And Texas, On Fighting To Stay Home Karla and Ana describe overcoming shame and risking it all for a chance at their American dream.
Clergy Wash Immigrants' Feet At Capitol To Urge Congress To Act On Dreamers The symbolic gesture recalls Jesus' washing of the feet of his disciples before the Last Supper.
As Much Of Miami Returns To Normal, Little Havana Sits In Darkness \It's hard not to be envious when you look around and see lights everywhere. Meanwhile, you've got a candle that's burning. It's frustrating,\ one resident said.
Why Trump\u2019s Sanctions Against Venezuela Won\u2019t Work The administration's approach to sanctioning the South American country will strike its citizens more than its leadership.
Post-Harvey Is The Worst Time To Lose DACA The irreparable harm done by rescinding DACA will impact Texas greatly and ripple throughout the nation.
J.Lo Explains The Meaning Of Her Album Title 'For The First Time' The star worked with ex Marc Anthony on her upcoming Spanish-album.
Silicon Valley Startup Takes Aim At Mom-And-Pop Stores, First By Stealing Their Name \u201cThis is sacrilegious, what they\u2019re doing,\u201d says a representative for bodegas.
Twitter Users Slam Tech Bros' 'Bodega' Box That Intends To Replace Real Ones And the product\u2019s logo is a cat.
What Does The Administration\u2019s Decision To Rescind DACA Mean? By Carlos A. Guevara, Senior Policy Advisor, UnidosUS For the past five years, DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
To My Former Dreamer Students Please forgive that we let it get to this point, that we didn\u2019t stop the chaos of oppression before it sparked a fire.
Rescinding DACA Was Not About Immigration Reform It was about criminalizing communities of color.
The 10 Most Toxic People For Minority Communities In The United States Whether explicitly or implicitly, a number of government officials aid the oppression of minority groups in America.
Teen Reveals She\u2019s Undocumented With Heartbreaking Note And Is Met With Love \u201cI just really wanted to make people aware and see that there\u2019s people all around them going through this.\u201d
Over 5 Million Families Are At Risk Of Being 'Divided By Deportation' You can watch the first \u201cDivided by Deportation\u201d film now on Facebook and share it with your community today. And please
Gina Rodriguez Is Bringing A Show About An Undocumented Family To TV And it's not the only immigration-focused series she has in the works!
Hurricane Irma Has Already Hit Millions Of Americans And none of them live in Florida.
Ending DACA Isn\u2019t Just Bad Politics, It\u2019s Bad Policy By nearly every measure the program has been a successful exception to an otherwise broken immigration system.
DACA 101 DACA coming to an end is one of the most terrifying and anxiety-inducing things to happen to Dreamers in the past decade.
An End for DACA, But Not for Dreamers We are here for you. We are inspired by you. We share your dream.
Trump's Evangelical Advisors Urged Him To Protect Dreamers One advisor says the six-month window afforded to DACA is evidence of evangelicals' influence on the president.
'Despacito' Played On 2 Calculators Adds Up To Something Special Warning
Latinos React To DACA Repeal \Stop making excuses and just admit you hate Latinos.\
This Thread Highlights Anxiety For Dreamers Over The Uncertainty Of DACA Dreamer Juan Escalante faces an uncertain future as he awaits details of the president's decision.
This Spoken Word Poem Is A Beautiful Love Letter To 'Undocumented People' \I love us because we wake up to a country that hates us.\
Trump\u2019s War On Dreamers And Other Immigrants Is A War On Social Security Immigrants, both documented and undocumented, provide a large portion of our social security funding.
Roselyn Sanchez's New Bilingual Book Teaches Kids How To Latin Dance \Sebi and the Land of Cha Cha Cha\ was written by the actress and her husband.
Facebook, Twitter, Uber, Lyft Defend DACA In Open Letter To Trump \u201cDreamers have a special love for this country because they can\u2019t take living here for granted,\ Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg said.
Trapped Mexican Bakery Staff Bake Hundreds Of Loaves For Harvey Flood Victims \Your employees are a great example of how people should be in this world!\
J.Lo And A-Rod Will Each Donate $25,000 To Hurricane Harvey Victims \Our hearts are just breaking for all the families that are displaced,\u201d Lopez said.
I Am A DACA Recipient, Mr. President I urge you to protect those of us who came as children and have \proven\ ourselves over the decades.
John Leguizamo Is Tired Of Mainstream America Dismissing Latinos In a scathing essay, the actor explains why ignorance is no longer a justification for sidelining Latinos.
Google.org Invests $1 Million To Help Create 'Latino Non-Profit Accelerator' The Latino Community Foundation will use the money to help Latinxs create \social change.\
CBS Promises To Increase Latino Representation On Its Shows Latino advocacy groups met with the network and were \impressed\ by their progress.
'Sesame Street' Turns 'Despacito' Into A Bilingual Ode To Rubber Ducks Ernie really loves his patito! \ud83c\udfb6\ud83d\udc25
J.Lo Has The Best Response For Anyone Who Thinks She Can't Do It All Just watch her prove you wrong.
Dear High School Teacher Who Tried To Discourage Me From Applying To UCLA, I\u2019m A Bruin Now! Despite your discouragement and dissuasion, here I am.
Demi Lovato Sings 'Bodak Yellow' Like A True Cardi B Fan \You don\u2019t understand, I love Cardi B.\
KKK Leader Tells Afro-Latina Journalist He'll 'Burn' Her Out Of His Property Ilia Calder\u00f3n said she\u2019d \u201cnever felt so much hate, so much contempt in my life.\u201d
James Corden Uses 'Despacito' To Sing A Recap Of This Crazy AF Summer \u201cI hope next summer we can take it slowly.\u201d
Charlottesville Is Our Fight, Too The white supremacists and neo-Nazis who rallied in Charlottesville did not spare Latinos in their hateful rhetoric.
Mom Of Student Injured In Charlottesville Wants 'Actions,' Not Words, From Trump Natalie Romero sustained severe injuries in the car attack in Virginia.
This Photo Of Bruno Mars Celebrating 'Versace On The Floor' Video Is 24K Gold \Video release party lit!\
Thoughts On Charlottesville, 'The Many Sides,' And White Supremacy Imagine if these people ever faced real oppression.
Immigrant Rights Activists To Congress By Thomas Kennedy Donald Trump spent a good portion of the 2016 election cycle mindlessly chanting \u201cbuild that wall\u201d alongside
Wilmer Valderrama Returns For 'Felices Los 4' Salsa Version Video The story continues in Maluma and Marc Anthony's new music video.
Starbucks' Horchata Frappuccino Is Subjected To A Latino Taste Test \u201cI\u2019m Mexican, I love horchata but I do not expect Starbucks to make good horchata.\
For The Health Of Latino Families, The EPA Methane Rule Must Stay In Place Public comments for the Environmental Protection Agency\u2019s (EPA) proposed two-year suspension of the Methane Rule are closing
Starbucks Says Ad Targeting Undocumented Immigrants Is 'Completely False' Trolls behind the ad were hoping to lure Dreamers and call ICE on them.
Aubrey Plaza Reveals 'Disasters' That Went Down On 'Ingrid Goes West' Set Of course, the director ended up at the hospital.
Why 800,000 American Lives Are At Risk Our lives are in the balance as long as DACA is under attack.
My Dead Father Taught Me Everything I Needed To Know About Fatherhood In his absence, I learned a great deal about myself and the world around me.
Univision's Maria Elena Salinas Says Goodbye To Anchor Chair With Inspiring Speech \It's time for me to practice what I preach,\ she told viewers during the newscast.
The Silent Raids That Are Tearing Families Apart By Thomas Kennedy In South Florida, people are disappearing from our community, as undocumented immigrants are being detained
Facebook Sees Minimal Growth In Diversity, Says It 'Desperately' Wants A Change The 2017 diversity numbers show a 1 percentage point increase among both black and Hispanic workers in the U.S.
J.Lo Posts Moving Photo Of Ex Marc Anthony After His Mother's Death \u201cJust what the doctor ordered...Surrounded by love...\u2764\ufe0f\u201d
Trump's Latino Boogeyman The president is using MS-13 as a political wedge to advance an anti-immigrant agenda.
Global Series For Venezuela, there may be no \happily ever after\
For Venezuela, There May Be No Happily Ever After All parties bear responsibility for this conflict.
Baffling Anti-Pot Billboard Aimed At Latinos To Come Down After Outrage The sign insists Hispanics don't need pot because they're \cool by default.\
When Your Fave Looks Like You With options limited, viewers can garner tremendous strength from seeing relatable characters on screen.
Facebook's Hispanic Workers Finally Begin To Unionize In the decade or so that I\u2019ve been blogging, I don\u2019t think I ever hyped a union or encouraged anyone to unionize. In fact
Gina Rodriguez Points Out What's Still Missing From Superhero Movies \Asking for a friend...\
Dascha Polanco Opens Up About What Makes Her Insecure The \OITNB\ star also revealed why she always uses #SelfLovery.
Demi Lovato Throws A Star-Studded Pool Party For 'Sorry Not Sorry' Video Paris Hilton, Wiz Khalifa, and Jamie Foxx are not apologizing for these cameos.
Malaysia's State Broadcaster Bans 'Despacito' Over 'Obscene Lyrics' \u201cI see this as a serious matter as the song is being sung by young people without knowing the real meaning of the words,\u201d one official said.
Junot D\u00edaz Wrote A Kid's Book So His Goddaughters Could Feel Represented He said they longed for \stories that resonated for them and included them.\
'Despacito' Is Officially The Most Streamed Song Of All Time This song is taking over the world, des-pa-citooo.
Swing Latino Takes Colombian Salsa To New Heights On 'World Of Dance' Their newest gravity-defying routine  had the judges like \ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude35.
An Attack On The ACA And Planned Parenthood Is An Attack On The Latino Community By Albert Jacquez The Senate has once again delayed their health care repeal bill, and we at the NCLR Action Fund are anxiously
A Lynda Carter Appearance In 'Wonder Woman 2' Has Already Been Discussed The actress said she wasn't in the first film due to timing issues.
Mexican-American Duo's New Music Video Captures Tragic Effects Of Deportation \u201cWe realized how many of us don\u2019t really understand what is behind this issue.\
The Power Of A Xenophobic President One of the most important things we learn throughout life is speech, or words. It is one of the most potent things we have
11 Daddy Yankee Hits You Need To Hear After You've Overplayed 'Despacito' There's a reason the Boricua is currently the most streamed artist on Spotify. \u26fd\ufe0f\ud83d\udd25
Being A Naturalized American Feels Anything But Natural I can\u2019t turn into someone I'm not.
Daddy Yankee Becomes First Latino Artist To Reach No. 1 On Spotify \u201cI had to face prejudice and marginalization, but today this genre called Reggeaton is the most heard around the world.\u201d
Wonder Woman Of The '70s Was A Brainy Latina I was the bookish child of immigrants and she was my hero.
Chris Martin Sings 'Chantaje' With Shakira, Shows Off His Spanish Skills \Let\u2019s put your Spanish to the test,\u201d Shakira said.
Trump\u2019s Threats Against Journalism Reflect A Reality Mexico Knows All Too\u00a0Well Mexico is one of the most dangerous countries in the world for journalists.
J.Lo Debuts New Single During Macy's 4th Of July Fireworks Spectacular The singer performed \Ni T\u00fa Ni Yo\ with Gente de Zona.
Latinos In The U.S And The Road To Prison The American Mentality
Selenis Leyva But the actress is looking to change that, one role at a time.
Poet's Ode To Refugees Offers The World Some Much-Needed Perspective \How many of us would be here now, without the immigrants and the refugees?\
#EmbraceTheLatinx Is An All-Inclusive Tribute To Latinos' Many Identities Because nobody puts baby in a box.
Unfounded Loyalty The tenure of the nation\u2019s first African-American president has been met with a wide variety of critiques and praises from
Nabra Hassanen's Killing Sparks Discussion Of Islamophobia Among Latinos #LatinxRamadan opened up a powerful conversation about what it's like to be Muslim and Latino.
This One Is For The Guys Out There In honor of Father\u2019s Day, Latino USA breaks down the different relationships between fathers and sons. From an adult son
Mariah Carey Releases Rainbow Merch In Support Of The LGBTQ Community A portion of the proceeds from the limited-edition collection will go to GLAAD.
A Letter To The Immigrant Father. Thank You. To the immigrant fathers. Thank You. We know it wasn\u2019t easy. We, your children, mom, family, we know this wasn\u2019t an easy
ICE Arrests New York Teen Hours Before His Prom The high school senior was set to graduate later this month.
Watch Camila Cabello Sing 'Despacito' Like a Boss Pure \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
17 Impressive Photos Of Laurie Hernandez Doing Her Thing All hail queen Laurie. \ud83d\udc51
\u00a1Que Siga La Fiesta! My goal was to honor our brown and black migrant, queer, and trans community.
No Money More Problem$ In 2014, the wealth of white households was ten times that of Latino households. Why does the racial wealth gap continue
Student Who Graduated On NYC Subway Gets The Ceremony He Deserves The graduate sure seems to be having the time of his life. \ud83c\udf93
Jackie Cruz And Diane Guerrero Rethink Their Friendship After BFF Quiz \We don\u2019t know anything about each other.\
Yes, We Graduated. Now Quit Romanticizing Our Suffering. For folks who fetishize The Struggle, I can gladly show you my depression, anxiety and chronic self-doubt.
These Shoes Are Changing The Lives Of Single Mothers And Seniors In Colombia Soles for Change seeks to help the artisans behind the colorful espadrilles.
College Degrees Belong In The Hands Of Undocumented Families Those taking the ultimate risk to contribute to the American dream deserve its fruits.
President Trump\u2019s Major 'Accomplishment' Regarding Latinos He continues to stoke deep animosity toward the community.
Orgullosa's New Campaign Challenges Misconceptions About Latina Beauty \[Latinas] come in black, they come in white, they come in all different colors, all different skin complexions.\u201d
A Show All About Fighters This week on Latino USA, it\u2019s all about fighters. Standing up for what you believe in, and finding the strength to get back
Watch Shakira Surprise NYC Fans With A Performance In The Park Our walks in the park are never this  eventful ...
Itat\u00ed Cantoral Returns To 'OITNB' As Soraya For An Acting Lesson The Mexican actress reprised her role in a fifth season promo.
America Ferrera Wants To Change The Way Americans View Activism \We have to change what in our culture has led us to this moment.\
Controversial Puerto Rican Nationalist Oscar Lopez Rivera Returns To Chicago The leader of pro-independence group FALN served 35 years in prison before President Barack Obama commuted his sentence.
Leaving Money On The Table, And Dividing America Without Knowing It? The Latino audience continues to be overlooked in Hollywood.
What Mexican Music Festival Line-Ups Look Like With Only Female Acts Spoiler Alert
Immigration Officials Asking About Fourth-Grader Turned Away By NYC School New York City only allows immigration officials to enter schools if they have a warrant.
Eva Longoria Got A Call From Her Mother After Recent Pregnancy Rumors Hey, world, can we all just let women live?
13 MLB Players Denounce Repression And Deaths In Their Native Venezuela \u201cWe\u2019re speaking not as players but as citizens, as people who love their country.\u201d
Latinxs Show Their Pride And Resilience With Spectacular Grad Caps \JUNTOS WE RISE.\
Al Madrigal Explains Why He Thinks Many Latinos Would Rather Vote Republican The \u201cDaily Show\u201d alum takes on politics in his new comedy special.
When Your Abuela Dies On Mother's Day As a New Yorker, my abuela was my link back to Puerto Rico. She died when I was 20, on Mother\u2019s Day.
Mike Pence Uses Cinco De Mayo Party To Claim Latinos Are A 'Priority' For Trump \ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14
Mike Pence Reportedly Hosting White House Cinco De Mayo Party; Internet Reacts Accordingly Some are calling Pence's party \Cinco de Mayonnaise.\
What These 13 May Day Activists Want Trump To Know About Immigrants \We are stronger than he thinks ... He's not going to stop us.\
Workers Fired After \u2018Day Without Immigrants\u2019 Protest Stand Up To Ex-Bosses About 20 Michigan employees have taken their case to the National Labor Review Board.
First Latino Arab-American Running For Congress Views His Heritage As An Asset Ammar Campa-Najjar wants you to know he's more than a pretty face.
Watch The Emotional Moment This Dreamer Is Surprised With A Full Scholarship \Some nights I would cry, not knowing what I would do with my future.\
Rep. Steve King Tweets Latina Constituent The Iowan was shocked but not surprised, considering King's track record of insulting comments.
Salma Hayek's Dogs Crashed A Wedding Over Cake And The Story Is Hilarious They were caught with their snouts in the icing.
13 Times Latinos Refused To Stay Silent During Trump's First 100 Days And it's just the beginning.
Salma Hayek Gives The Mexican Slang Lesson You Didn't Know You Needed \Qu\u00e9 pedo\ doesn't actually mean \what a fart.\
The Hand You\u2019re Dealt In life, as in cards, it\u2019s all about the luck of the draw. On this week\u2019s show, Latino USA tells stories about making the
When Trump Goes Low, Latinos Go High The 100-day mark of Trump\u2019s presidency is quickly approaching, and he's done nothing to help Latinos in the U.S.
Engagement With Cuba Is A Bipartisan Issue Private entrepreneurs are not the only Cubans who see normal relations as beneficial.
J Balvin, Nicky Jam Say They Changed The Notion That Reggaet\u00f3n Is Misogynist \On the contrary, women are our biggest fans, and they inspire us.\
Here's Why Legal Immigration Is Way Harder Than You Think \Spoiler alert
Here's How Jeff Sessions Is Preparing To Pack U.S. Prisons With Bodies The Attorney General's allegiance to private prisons and disdain for immigrants make for a frightening mixture.
These 6 USPS Stamps Are A Mouthwatering Tribute To Latino Cuisine OK, now we're hungry.
Latino USA Goes To 'La Fiesta De Los Vaqueros' In Tucson From crazy bull riding to old school vaqueros, the rodeo is where old Mexican traditions and all-American cowboys meet. So
John Leguizamo Says Learning Latino History In School Would've Changed His Life Preach.
Houston Police Announce Decrease In Latinos Reporting Rape, Violent Crimes \u201cWhen you see this type of data ... we should all be concerned,\u201d the police chief said.
Undocumented Youth Seek Solidarity And Sanctuary People like Laura are treated as symbols, dehumanized, demonized and blamed for all sorts of social ills.
To My Undocumented Friend, You Are Here To Stay Someday, we will no longer need to validate our own existence in this nation we built.
To The Women Who Gained Weight In College Being a woman on a college campus is hard. We owe it to ourselves to acknowledge our worth throughout.
Jesse Jackson Likens Latinos Building Border Wall To Black People Building Slave Ships \That's choosing dollars over dignity.\
Why Miss Rizos Decided To Empower Dominican Women To Love Their Curls \There was this huge thirst and hunger for a space where women would be validated.\
Gina Rodriguez \We are stronger in numbers.\
Congressional Candidate Wendy Carrillo On Why She Stood Up To David Duke On Twitter She\u2019s hoping to become the first formerly undocumented woman in Congress.
California Roads Got Safer When Undocumented Immigrants Got Driver's Licenses The number of hit-and-runs actually dropped, a new study found.
Latina Surprises BFFs Who Lost Their Parents With Sweetest Gifts The video of their reactions is so touching. It's almost un*bear*able.
Video Breaks Down Why Machismo Isn't Synonymous With Latino Men \Where do we get the idea that Latino men are innately machista?\
Undocumented Student Who Posted Viral Tax Form Selfie Asks Trump For His Receipts \Just filed my taxes and PAID $300 to the state of Arizona.\u201d
Chicano Starts Petition Against 'Mexico Will Pay' Costume On Amazon \[It's] a simple act of resistance meant to push back against the normalization of hate.\
People, Policy, And Power The Latin American and Caribbean region is no stranger to U.S. intervention and support of rightwing dictatorships.
Shakira's Bachata Moves Are Fire In 'Deja Vu' Music Video Her hips still don't lie.
America Ferrera The actress explained why being \reflected by culture\ is so crucial.
This 14-Year-Old Latina Is Leading Her Team To The World Robotics Championship \I\u2019ve never let my gender or my race put a barrier in anything I do.\
Blood and Betrayal in the Southwest The Southwest was once a part of Mexico, but that doesn\u2019t mean that Mexicans have always felt welcome there. Land disputes
Ed Sheeran's 'Shape Of You' Gets An Unexpected Latin Remix Puerto Rico's Zion & Lennox are behind the new version.
Cinco De Mayo Parade Organizers Cancel Celebration Over Fears Of ICE Crackdown Organizers of the annual event in Philadelphia said it's not the time for a joyful celebration.
Winning Fourth Grade Robotics Team Told To 'Go Back To Mexico' The Panther Bots won't let racism get in the way of the World Championships.
Mute Teen Fulfills His Dream Of Becoming A Rapper Despite Not Having A Jaw \u201cSee me for the real me/ Can\u2019t talk out loud, but I\u2019m still me.\u201d
Latino Rep Calls Out Republicans For Normalizing Steve King's 'Racist Comments' \u201cThis is what happens when good American men and women remain silent.\
Watch This Once-Undocumented Immigrant Destroy Her State's Case For Banning Sanctuary Cities \Please abandon these efforts to make immigrants ever more disposable,\u201d Norma Herrera told Texas lawmakers.
You\u2019ll Fall In Love With This Mariachi Version Of The 'Beauty And The Beast' Song Move over, Emma Watson.
This Is My Country They don\u2019t realize, there is no line;\nthere is no choice, and this is my country.
Why Laurie Hernandez Owning Her Natural Curly Hair Is So Important The gymnast takes the gold for representation!
Watch Taina Asili Take A Sledgehammer To Trump's Racism And Sexism Revolutionary afro-latin rock brigade Taina Asili y La Banda Rebelde have released a music video for their new single \u201cNo
Telemundo Actors Join Union In A First For U.S. Spanish-Language Television \u201cIt\u2019s historic for people in Spanish-language television,\u201d the union president said.
U.S.-Born Latino Found \u2018Illegal\u2019 Spray-Painted On His 1971 Volkswagen Joe Solis says his family has lived in the country for six generations.
Laurie Hernandez Wants To Be The Latina Role Model She Never Had \u201cI feel like it's a big responsibility to represent my heritage ...at the Olympics.\
To The People Who Still Refer To Undocumented People As 'Illegal' Just a reminder
This Documentary Shows There\u2019s More To Peru\u2019s So-Called Cocaine Valley Though many know the region as an unruly valley, local coca farmers have built a different kind of identity.
Harrowing Video Captures Teen Sobbing As ICE Arrests Her Dad On The Way To School The father of four U.S. citizens was detained over a nearly decade-old DUI.
Poet Has Fire Response For Anyone Who Asks 'Where Are You REALLY From?' \The question ... in our current America is a slur disguised as a question mark.\
Diego Luna Talks Filming His First Sex Scene Before He Ever Had Sex The \Star Wars\ actor also spoke about Latino representation in Hollywood.
Garbage Collector Rescues Books From The Trash For Low-Income Kids Proving that one person's trash can certainly be a child's treasure.
Renowned Chef Defends Immigrants, Regardless Of Status, In Rousing Speech Jos\u00e9 Andr\u00e9s tore off his chef's coat to reveal an \I Am An Immigrant\ shirt.
Dreamer Delivers Powerful Response To Donald Trump In Spanish Astrid Silva came to the U.S. illegally as a child but has been allowed to stay thanks to the Dreamers program.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Is Raffling A 'Hamilton' Date To Raise Money For Immigrants \When immigrants succeed, we all succeed.\
This Is What Trump's Immigration Crackdown Is Doing To School Kids Children struggle to understand why the president wants to take away their parents.
'OITNB' Star Jackie Cruz Explains Why She Wants The 'White Girl Roles' The actress wants more from Hollywood.
The Trump Administration Is Targeting The Entire Latino Community They've put a bullseye on 55 million Latinos.
California School Under Fire After Teachers Mock Students Participating In Immigrants Strike \u201cTroublemakers were gone,\ one Rubidoux High School teacher wrote on Facebook. \Fantastic day!\
U.S. Gets A Taste Of Life Without Immigrants In Nationwide Protests Businesses ground to a halt across the country as marchers and strikers opposed Trump's crackdown.
Celebrities And Activists Share Letters #ToImmigrantsWithLove On Twitter George Takei, Olivia Wilde and more celebs sent messages of solidarity.
Latinos Send Heartfelt Messages Of Love To Their Families For V-Day Because Valentine's Day is about more than romantic love.
Jesse & Joy Dedicated Grammy To Hispanics In Tearful Acceptance Speech \We are so proud to be Mexican-American.\
Mexico Warns Its People About 'New Reality' In The United States The statement came after the deportation of an Arizona mother.
Deported Mom's Teen Daughter Gives Heartbreaking Speech In Her Defense \Nobody should be packing their mother\u2019s suitcase.\
This Afro-Latina Is Raising Funds To Open The Bronx's Only Bookstore \The Bronx is no longer burning, except with a desire to read.\u201d
'Jane The Virgin' Star Explains What The Show Gets Right About Latinos Hollywood, take note.
Eva Longoria \I say this confidently, not arrogantly.\
Yo Soy Afro-Latina I learned from my relatives that I didn\u2019t have to choose between being Black and being Latino, and that I should love my powerful, rich cultural intersection
Why Lin-Manuel Miranda Says We Shouldn't Judge Hollywood Diversity By The Oscars \There\u2019s no shortage of Latino talent both in front of and behind the camera.\
Meet The Latina Behind Those Mesmerizing Beyonc\u00e9 Pregnancy Photos You're already a fan of Daniela Vesco, you just don't know it yet.
This Is Not A Time To Let A 'Who Has It Worse' Conversation Divide Black And Latino Communities We need each other.
How Cropped Tops Became Part Of My Activism My Mami doesn\u2019t fully get it. She is a good Catholic woman. This daughter is not.
Teen Plans To Tell The Immigrant Stories Trump's Administration Never Would Because you can't judge a whole community on the actions of a few.
A Latino Actor Might Be Playing The Lead In The 'Scarface' Reboot The '80s version starred a non-Latino actor as a Cuban refugee.
Gina Rodriguez Promises To Use New TV Deal To Spotlight \u2018Faces Unseen\u2019 \We will make sure you feel represented and included in Hollywood.\
NY City Council Speaker Defies Trump's Immigration Order In Passionate Speech Melissa Mark-Viverito called the president \highly insecure.\
Selena's Brother Posts Old Video Of Her Covering 'Only In My Dreams' And Debbie Gibson is a fan.
Ad Turns 'This Land Is Your Land' Into The Immigrant Anthem This Country Needs \There\u2019s no one who can make me go back, this land is for you and for me.\
Reminder That's infuriating.
America Ferrera Breaks Down The Role Of Artists In 'Times Like These' \It becomes that much clearer that our role in society is to connect, is to represent.\
19 Signs By Latinas That Gave Us Vida During The Women's March \Nopal-itics around my ovaries\ \ud83d\udcaa\ud83c\udffe
Teachers Share Tips For Empowering Students In Trump's America Because learning to advocate for yourself is a powerful lesson.
Junot Diaz Discusses The 'Surreal' Lunch He Had With President Obama \He was certainly one of the most complete man I\u2019d ever met.\
Trump's Deportation Plan Will Affect Generations Of Immigrants The effects of our immigration and citizenship laws go on for generations.
Rex Tillerson Has A Long, Troubled History With Venezuela ExxonMobil and Venezuela have been spatting over oil for decades.
Mexican President \Mexico absolutely will not pay for\ the wall, Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto said.
This 12-Year-Old Toy Store Owner Will Inspire You To Act On Your Dreams \Sometimes I believe you have to actually live your dream.\
Laurie Hernandez Proves She's (Kinda) Like Your Average Teen Minus, you know, the multiple Olympic medals and all.
Gina Rodriguez Reminds Us Fierceness Has Nothing To Do With Size Yassssss!
Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal And Diego Luna Remind Us They're The Original Bromance \ud83d\ude0d \ud83d\ude0d \ud83d\ude0d \ud83d\ude0d
How John Leguizamo Pioneered One Of Primetime TV\u2019s First Attempts To Reach Latinos And why it failed to get a second season.
Grandma Finds Out She's Been Accidentally Praying To An 'LOTR' Elf How preciouussss
Chicago Cop Loses Police Powers In Off-Duty Killing Of Unarmed Man \u201cIt was not justified. It wasn\u2019t justified. It was not,\u201d Jose Nieves' father said.
Student Graduates In Dress And Heels In Powerful Protest Against Homophobia Talles de Oliveira Faria, 24, called out haters with grace.
How This Latina Is Helping Undocumented Immigrants Understand Their Rights Because you don't have to live in the U.S. legally to be protected by the law.
From NPR's Latino USA This week we\u2019re playing back some of our favorite music stories and giving a nod to artists who put their own spin on the
Get Out Of Our Way, Baby Boomers The shared ideologies many baby boomers so dearly withhold are the literal bane of my existence. Not just me, but their poisonous
El Evo Ya No Es Pueblo 
Hispanic Evangelicals In light of the forthcoming inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States, I\u2019ve been asked, \u201cHow
Latina Student Who Filmed 'Build A Wall' Chant Speaks Out About Backlash The video was seen around the world. Shot in a school cafeteria at Royal Oak Middle School, just outside Detroit, you can
On Letting Go Because letting go has never meant giving up.
Why Lin-Manuel Miranda Will Always Be A Fearless Ally Of Planned Parenthood And the other causes he\u2019ll fight for during Trump\u2019s presidency.
13 Times Latinos Filled Us With Hope And Pride In 2016 What a year!
Zoe Saldana Has A Mindful Alternative To A New Year's Resolution The actress thinks this method \will bring a different kind of result.\u201d
NPR Reporter Squashes Question About \u2018Vetting\u2019 Puerto Ricans \u201cWe don\u2019t vet people that move from one state to another, from one part of America to another. That\u2019s their right as Americans.\u201d
Video Breaks Down How \u2018Whiteness\u2019 As A Construct Shaped The Election \Whiteness is just something made up and used as a tool to preserve power.\
This Year Has Ignited A Fire In Me That I Didn\u2019t Know I Had For 2017, I commit to be louder, bolder, and a champion for unity and change. You should too.
Latino Poet Gets Honest About Being Judged For Not Knowing Spanish \I\u2019m always the last one to yell \u00a1Wepa! Forever late to my own identity.\
What This Afro-Latina Poet Has 'Learned To Be True' Since Election Day \I am not half as afraid as the people who are are afraid of me.\
Two Of Puerto Rico\u2019s New Overlords Are Accused Of Helping Create Its Debt Crisis A new report calls for the former bank executives to quit the island's fiscal control board.
We Have No Idea How Many Latinos Get Arrested Or Imprisoned In The U.S. Advocates want law enforcement to start tracking the ethnicity of those who wind up in the criminal justice system.
Why Eva Longoria Will Never Run For Public Office The actress gave a resounding \No!\ on the possibility.
Pedro Villanueva's Family Is Still Waiting For Answers 6 Months After Cops Killed Their Unarmed Son Undercover California Highway Patrol officers opened fire on the 19-year-old after chasing him in an unmarked car.
Lizzie Velasquez Shares Moving Message About Online Bullying She wants you to think twice before posting memes like this.
The Anti-2016 Christmas Song You Didn't Know You Needed Comedian re-writes \White Christmas\ in dishonor of this hellish year.
Activist With Cerebral Palsy Has An Inspiring Message For Kids With Disabilities \You can dream. You can achieve your dreams\
To house its poorest, Brazil must go beyond home ownership -- and look abroad for inspiration 
Over 1 Million People RSVP To Girl's Quincea\u00f1era After Invite Goes Viral So, who wants to start a #QuinceDeRubi carpool?
This Country's Capital Just Made It Punishable To Catcall Women Offenders could face a $60 fine.
Twitter Erupts At Rick Santorum For Telling Dreamer To Leave The U.S. \You should recognize the gift that America has given you,\ he said.
Exploring What It's Like To Be Muslim And Latino Latinos are the fastest growing group in Islam in the United States. This week, we look at the complexity of being part of
Resistance Begins At Home Eight years ago when President Obama was running for office, his campaign promised \u201chope and change,\u201d and uplifted many who
UNLV Erupts After Instructor Threatens To Turn In Undocumented Immigrant Students \I don't mind diversity ... I mind criminals,\ the math teacher said.
El Chapecoense y el Piloto Boliviano. 
Syrian-Mexican Family Talk Trump\u2019s Election In Powerful Video \u201cHe has made my family feel uncomfortable.\
What Mexicans Have To Say To Americans Worried About Trump Vox's Liz Plank visited Puebla to get some fresh perspective.
These Folks Know Almost Nothing About Latin American Capitals Most couldn't even pronounce Quito.
Is The Dream Over For Dreamers? If there\u2019s one thing undocumented immigrants understand it\u2019s fear.
San Diego Museum Exhibit Defaced With Anti-Immigrant Messages The New Americans Museum highlights immigrant contributions to the U.S.
Transgender Latinas Team Up Against Discrimination Joselyn Mendoza, hair tied up in a neat bun, looked completely at ease as she combed a customer\u2019s hair at the Parisien Beauty
A Message To Fidel Castro Apologists Is your position principled or spiteful?
Elian Gonzalez Reacts To Fidel Castro's Death On Cuban State TV The 21-year-old held back tears while remembering Castro as a father figure.
From NPR's Latino USA The Yakama Nation is a Native American reservation in Eastern Washington that is home to about 11,000 Yakama people and almost
The Hypocrisy Of Pro-Deportation Cuban Americans More and more, Cuban hardliners are speaking out in support of Trump.
Cuban-Americans Celebrate Fidel Castro's Death In Miami's Little Havana The crowd chanted \Freedom!\ as many banged pots and pans with glee.
Dad Like so many of my friends whose loved ones passed too soon, my father and grandparents did not live long enough to see the
Gloria Estefan Pens A Powerful Response To Fidel Castro's Death The singer said Cuban exiles weren't celebrating his death, but the demise of his \destructive ideologies.\
Comedian Breaks Down The Hilarious Struggles Of A Latino Thanksgiving You're not on the menu, but you'll still get roasted.
Ana Navarro To Trump And she fired back at claims Black Lives Matter, La Raza provoked neo-Nazis.
Sessions Disqualified All Dominicans. Senators Must Now Disqualify Him. What he said about Dominicans was discriminatory and soul-crushing.
Juan Gabriel Wins First Ever Latin Grammys Three Months After Death The late Mexican singer won Album of the Year and Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for \Los D\u00fao 2.\
A Catholic\u2019s Crippling Grief I don\u2019t have a solution. I don\u2019t have all the answers. And my story is not unique. In fact, mine is the story of millions in this nation.
La Borinque\u00f1a's Best Friend Is A Chinese-Dominican Badass \As we celebrate our heritage, it\u2019s important to also recognize the Asian diaspora.\
Enrique Iglesias' Dog Adorably Does The Mannequin Challenge This pup is ready for inaction?!
A TV Series About Selena's Life Is In The Works Cue happy tears.
Teacher Reportedly Told Kids Donald Trump Will Deport Their Parents \They will leave you behind, and you will be in foster care.\
Ana Navarro Explains Why It's Hard For Marginalized Groups To Give Trump A Chance She says the President-elect must strongly denounce the hate he's unleashed.
Stop Saying 'Not My President' Now isn\u2019t the time to point fingers.\nNow is the time we turn our anger towards something productive with tangible results.
It May Not Feel Like It, But Love Did Trump Hate 301,002 people can make a difference.
America Ferrera Posts Tearful Message On Post-Election Grief \We deserve to mourn.\
These Are The Latinos Running For Office To Watch On Election Night It's a big day.
Star Of Bomba Est\u00e9reo\u2019s 'Soy Yo' Calls Trump A 'Bully' In New Video Sarai Gonzalez didn't hold back when talking about the GOP nominee.
91-Year-Old Immigrant Becomes U.S. Citizen Just In Time To Vote Fabio Alvarado said he went through the process to vote against Trump.
Obama The president sat down with \Jane The Virgin\ star Gina Rodriguez to discuss some of the concerns facing young voters leading up to the election.
Latinas/os Will Coronate President Hillary Clinton On March 5, 2014, during my appearance on The Tavis Smiley Show, I predicted that Hillary Clinton would become the 45th president
The Time Is Now We need to ask our fellow Americans if what we have seen in this election is really who we are and who we want to be.
The Whole Enchilada In part due to Latinos' increasing diversity, when political tensions flare north of the Rio Grande, they are often personified by something every American understands
Mexican Immigrant Challenges Trump\u2019s Hateful Rhetoric With Powerful Photo Series Sof\u00eda Mu\u00f1oz Boullosa humanized the immigrant experience with the help of seven men named 'Pedro.'
Wilmer Valderrama The actor recently opened up about civic responsibility.
Afro-Latina Poet Explains What She Thinks Is 'Tragic' About This Election Elizabeth Acevedo isn't sold on either of her choices for President.
Junot Diaz Urges Latinos To Fight For Justice And Equality In Powerful Video Voto Latino turned the Pulitzer Prize winner\u2019s moving words into a call to action.
Star Of \u2018Soy Yo\u2019 Reprises Her Fearless Role To Urge Latinos To Vote \u201cI\u2019ve had enough of Donald Trump,\ Sarai Gonzalez says.
Abuela As POTUS, A Candidate The Entire Country Can Get Behind Too late for Abuela 2016?
Laurie Hernandez Wrote A Memoir And We're Flipping Out She's definitely got this.
Mexico City Stages James Bond-Inspired Day Of The Dead Parade Mexicans received the silver screen-style celebration with mixed reviews.
Latina Journalist Breaks Down Why Saying 'Illegals' Is Wrong On So Many Levels Maria Hinojosa schooled a Trump advisor using the words of Elie Wiesel.
Eva Longoria Slams Donald Trump, Says She's More American Than He Is \The fact that he uses the word \u2018Latino\u2019 to be synonymous with \u2018illegal\u2019 is a mistake.\
Diego Luna's Short Film Celebrates \u2018The Immigrants That Make The U.S. Great\u2019 The director's latest work with Jarritos honors immigrants living in the U.S.
From NPR's Latino USA This week, stories about high-pressure situations where something builds and builds and eventually boils over, leaving the
Eric Trump Poses With Woman Wearing 'Latina Against Trump' Shirt \It stands as a testament to the lack of diversity surrounding that campaign.\u201d
Jorge Ramos Exposes Hate Groups' Rise In The Age Of Trump The journalist finds in a new film that the GOP nominee has emboldened racists -- and warns it'll take years to repair the damage.
Beautiful 5-Minute Film Uses A Pi\u00f1ata To Prove Love Trumps Hate Oh, the lengths this Mexican mother will go for her son.
Tim Kaine The Democratic vice presidential nominee speaks Spanish, and the campaign has made sure people know it.
Laurie Hernandez Killed It During Her 'DWTS' Salsa Performance, Obviously The gymnast's Puerto Rican tumbao came in handy during Latin Week.
Watch How Immigration On The Border Has Drastically Changed Since The 1940s Yes, reverse immigration is real.
Latina Magazine Urges Latinos To Send Trump To The 'Dustbin Of History\u2019 \u201cIt\u2019s time to fight back against Donald Trump and deport his presidential dreams to the dustbin of history.\
Why Maria Hinojosa Has Dedicated Her Career To Telling Latino Stories The Emmy-winning journalist refuses to let Latinxs be ignored in the media.
Obama Says Hispanic Culture Is 'Woven Into Our Daily Lives' The president praised Hispanics' traditions, food and, of course, music.
Latinos Sound Off On The Worst Of The Second Presidential Debate And there were also a few (sort of) good things said on Twitter, too.
Diane Guerrero The \Orange Is The New Black\ star shares what being American means to her.
Hillary Clinton Addresses Young Latinas In an op-ed, the candidate urged Latina millennials to pursue their dreams -- and vote.
This 6-Year-Old\u2019s Question Could Be Donald Trump\u2019s Toughest Yet \u201cIf you deport my parents, what happens to me?\u201d Sophie Cruz wants to know.
Gina Rodriguez Is Giving Trailblazing Women The Awards Show They Deserve Can we get a \hell yeah\?!?!
There's Going To Be A Concert On The U.S.-Mexico Border It'll be a star-studded affair and free!
Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony Are Working On An Album Together Yes, you read that right.
What Casting A Latina On SNL Means For The Rest Of Us We are a people who, unfortunately, have gotten used to voicing our frustrations only to fall on deaf ears.
Unexpected Marriage Proposal Sweeps Woman Off Her Feet, Literally The viral video shows the \magical moment\ it -- and she -- went down.
Clinton-Supporting Super PACs Target Latino Voters About one of every nine voters this fall is expected to be Latino. In critical swing states like Colorado, Florida and Nevada
18 Latinos Share Their Honest Thoughts About Hillary Clinton Latino Voices' followers sound off on the Democratic presidential nominee.
Trump Doubles Down On Nauseating Miss Universe Attack This is low, even for Trump.
Gina Rodriguez Rapping Nicki Minaj's 'Super Bass' Is Everything The actress dropped some serious bars.
Why Young Latino Voters Are More Important Than Ever A Voto Latino PSA aims to highlight the power of the Latino electorate.
Emotional MLB Video Is A Reminder Of Jos\u00e9 Fern\u00e1ndez's Love Of Family The 24-year-old Miami Marlins pitcher died Sunday.
Nicolas Maduro And The Military Chavez's dream is dead; his fans just resist leaving the stage.
Sonia Sotomayor, Junot D\u00edaz Among Hispanics Honored At Heritage Awards WASHINGTON, D.C. The country\u2019s first Latina Supreme Court Justice was honored Thursday night at the 29th Hispanic Heritage
America Ferrera Explains Why It\u2019s So Important For Latinos To Vote The actress says the \stakes are so high\ this election cycle.
Latinx Artists Are Using This Hashtag To Showcase Their Incredible Talent And people on Twitter are here for it.
What Hillary Clinton Told Us About Mexico And The Political Power Of Young Latinos In an exclusive Q&A with HuffPost Mexico, the Democratic nominee answered questions about U.S.-Mexican relations, the Latino vote and more.
Artists Launch Kickstarter Campaign To Fund Latinx Anthology The book will include work from over 30 Latinx creators.
Trans Model Breaks Down Why Some People Identify As Latinx \Latinx is something that is new to me, so I know it\u2019s new to a majority of people,\ said model Laith Ashley De La Cruz.
\u2018Broad City\u2019 Star Praises Immigrant Teen Whose Life Inspired Viral Video The actor wrote he was \inspired\ by Gaspar Marcos' \tenacity.\
'HTGAWM' Star Karla Souza Explains Why She's A 'Spoiled American' The Mexican actress opened up about her immigrant story in an op-ed.
11 Latinos Nail The Beauty And Pride Of Hispanic Heritage \Being Latina is not one specific thing, it\u2019s everything.\
Obama To Honor Pioneering Latina Writer Sandra Cisneros With National Medal Of Arts Pioneering Latina writer Sandra Cisneros\u2019\u00a0The House on Mango Street,\u00a0today, is required reading material for many high school
Ivanka Trump Once Touted This Formerly Undocumented Woman's Story Julissa Arce said her experience is quintessentially an \American\ one.
In The Island I Call Home... The island currently facing the worst economic crisis in their history.
Soledad O'Brien On How Mentors Can Change A Young Person's Life She will host American Graduate Day Saturday and discuss the power of mentorship.
Watch The Emotional Reunion Of Parents And Their Kids After 22 Years Pass the tissues.
What Gloria Estefan Did When She Was Told She Might Never Walk Again The artist opened up about the horrific bus accident that changed her life.
Sonia Sotomayor Opens Up About The Heavy 'Burden' Of Her Job \I have not anticipated how hard decision-making is on the court.\
New Study Reveals 'Hollywood Is An Epicenter Of Cultural Inequality' In case that wasn't clear already.
How These Indigenous Rappers Are Using Hip-Hop To Preserve Their Language The Colombian duo raps in Ember\u00e1, an endangered language.
Zoe Saldana Nails Why It's So Important To Raise Multicultural Children \It is a necessity to raise our children with our roots,\ she said.
Taco Trucks On Every Corner? Business Group Wants Them At Every Polling Site Instead A taco truck on every corner? How about a taco truck at every polling site instead. The U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
Olympic Gymnast Danell Leyva Says Embracing Feminism Is 'Common Sense' And he wants more Latino men to self-identify as feminists.
Taco Trucks And Other Easy Targets For Racists By now, everyone has heard the Trump Latino surrogate\u2019s absurd remarks, sounding the alarm about \u201ctaco trucks on every corner
The Forefront Of Progress It means a hard working mother or father who rises before dawn in the summer heat or on a freezing winter's day and gets home well after the kids are asleep will finally get the pay they deserve but have been denied.
These Latinos Nail Why U.S. Citizens Aren\u2019t The Only Americans \u201cLiving here in the United States, it seems like \u2018Americans\u2019 think America\u2019s just the United States.\
Filmmaker Alejandro G. I\u00f1\u00e1rritu Pens Scathing Op-Ed Denouncing Pe\u00f1a Nieto's Meeting With Trump The Oscar-winning director says the Mexican president's invitation was \a betrayal.\
These People Took On Puerto Rican Slang And It Was N\u00edtido But also hilariously difficult.
Disturbing Ad Shows How Trump Is Teaching Students To Hate \u201cDonald Trump is endangering our kids.\
These Classic Movie Titles Sound Way Better When Abuela Says Them Like the Molly Ringwald hit, \Fisting Candels.\
\u00c9dgar Ram\u00edrez Stands In Solidarity With Venezuelan Protests Amid 'Painful' Crisis \u201cThe recall vote (revocatory referendum) is clearly established in our constitution, and it is our right to activate it with no further delay.\
Selena's Wax Figure Makes Its Debut At Madame Tussauds Hollywood Behold
President Obama Mourns The Death Of Juan Gabriel In Touching Statement \His spirit will live on... in the hearts of the fans who love him.\
Eva Longoria Launches Emoji App Fit For 'Strong Women' To Use It's called Evamoji.
Now That The Olympics Are Over, What Is Next For Brazil? What we are observing now in Brazil is a definite return of the right at the political helm.
Juan Gabriel, Mexican Singer And Icon, Dead At 66 The star died Sunday morning in Santa Monica, California.
What It Would Be Like If Latinx People Talked Like White People On Dates \So you're like, the real white.\
Comedian Breaks Down Why Trump And Hugo Ch\u00e1vez Are 'Soul Sistas' And it's not just because they both talked about their penis size in public.
Gina Rodriguez Explains Why Latinos Need To Have Each Other's Back \We\u2019re stronger in numbers.\
Man's Unexpected Reaction To Teen Who Held Him Up At Knifepoint Retold In Powerful Video \u201cHe\u2019s looking at me like, 'What\u2019s going on here?'\
'Hands Of Stone' Director On How Lack Of Diversity Heightens Hateful Rhetoric And why casting a non-Latino actor as Roberto Dur\u00e1n would have been \unforgivable.\
Anti-Trump Shirt Inspired By America Ferrera Is The Best Political Statement A new slogan we can all get behind.
This Virtual Reality Device Nails 'The Real Latino' Experience \u201cWhere are the Cuban mobsters? Where are the war lords?\u201d
Former Miss Universe Becomes U.S. Citizen In Time To Cast Vote Against Trump \u201cMiss Housekeeping and miss Piggy Can Vote,\u201d Alicia Machado shared on Instagram, referencing the cruel names she\u2019s said Trump used to taunt her.
5 Words That Are Nearly Impossible To Pronounce In Spanish \u201cYou know what, that\u2019s a skip. I can\u2019t do that.\u201d
Rosie Perez Wants To Understand Why Anyone Would Vote For Trump \I just want to understand your choice, because I don\u2019t understand it.\u201d
Laurie Hernandez Just Scored Her First Endorsement Deal We're flippin' out!
Chicago Bar Selling Anti-Trump Beer Let's all pop some bottles, shall we?
Mario Lopez And Son Take On 22 Push-Up Challenge To Honor Vets Mario and Dominic join a growing list of celebrities who have taken on the challenge.
Laurie Hernandez's Agent Says Brands Are Lining Up To Work With The Olympian Werk, Laurie, werk!
Salma Hayek Sends Cute Message To Her Cousin Competing At Rio 2016 \Viva Las Hayeks!!\ the Hollywood star wrote on Instagram.
Colombia's Caterine Ibarg\u00fcen Wins Gold Medal In Women's Triple Jump \It\u2019s the biggest dream to achieve this.\
Rio 2016 Middle-distance runner Brenda Martinez finished in third place in the 1,500m Friday afternoon at the Rio Olympics, advancing
Tennis Player Monica Puig Wins Puerto Rico's First Olympic Gold Medal Puig is also the first woman to ever win an Olympic medal for Puerto Rico.
From NPR's Latino USA Elizabeth Ramirez and her friends were accused of child sexual assault and incarcerated for almost 17 years. The San Antonio
J Balvin To Receive Vision Award At 2016 Hispanic Heritage Awards J Balvin will be honored with the Vision Award during the annual Hispanic Heritage Awards on Sept. 22 in Washington, D.C
This Year's Dominican Day Parade Is All About The Ladies Yes, queens! \ud83d\ude4c
John Leguizamo\u2019s Marketing Firm Is Changing The Latinx Narrative Actor, director, playwright and stand-up comedian John Leguizamo has created a branding firm that specializes in marketing
Vigil Held For 14-Year-Old Boy Shot And Killed By LAPD The vigil Wednesday night for Jesse Romero, the 14-year-old boy shot and killed the day before by Los Angeles police, was
Los Angeles Police Shot And Killed A 14-Year-Old Boy After Responding To A Vandalism Report The Los Angeles Police Department said Wednesday that it had shot and killed a 14-year-old named Jesse Romero after responding
Gina Rodriguez Says Latinos Have A 'Shared Struggle' And, she says, it's important to unify, especially this election season.
Laurie Hernandez Winked At The Olympic Judges And We All Fell In Love She really is a human emoji! \ud83d\ude09
Laurie Hernandez\u2019s Brother Writes A Sweet Message For The Gold Medalist \You're the toughest little 16 year old I've ever met and I'm not saying that just cause I'm a proud bro.\
New Ad Targets Latin Americans To Increase Latino Voter Turnout In The U.S. \Tell them to vote.\
Latina Redefines What It Means To Be Undocumented In Powerful Video \Borders only exist because we create them.\
Meet The Latino Millennials Of The Obama White House More young Latinos have worked within the Obama White House than during any previous administration.
Latinos Face Digital Divide In Health Care When considering Latinos, educators often struggle with how to close the achievement gap. That gap is often defined as a disparity in academic success between native English speakers and those for whom Spanish was their first language.
10 Latino U.S. Athletes We'll Be Watching At The Rio Olympics The much anticipated 2016 Summer Olympic Games start Friday in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Some new young athletes will mix with
All-Female Skate Crew Challenges Patriarchy, Gentrification In NYC \The idea of women occupying space in street culture or in the street in general is culturally radical.\
Latin American Athletes To Watch At The 2016 Rio Olympics The much anticipated Summer 2016 Olympics in Rio start on Friday, and Olympians have been training to compete on a global
Latino Celebrities Explain Why Voting Is Crucial In \u2018Habla Y Vota\u2019 Trailer Jorge Ramos, Cristela, Adrienne Bailon and more share their thoughts.
Drake Has Been Stealing All Of Your Dominican T\u00edo\u2019s Dance Moves OK, now he's just messing with us.
15 Profound Thoughts On Whether This Burger Is An AvocaDO or AvocaDON'T No one can figure out how to feel about this avocado burger.
Teen Whose Life Inspired Viral Mini-Doc Gives Back To His Peers Gaspar Marcos is paying it forward.
Olympian Yvonne Trevi\u00f1o Hayek And Salma Hayek Are Totally Related Go team Hayek!
Hillary Clinton To Address Hispanic, Black Journalists At Convention It's expected to be the largest gathering of journalists of color since 2008.
That One Time In 1996 Everyone At The DNC Did The 'Macarena' \ud83d\ude2e
Sheila E. Says This Election Is 'Embarrassing For Us As A Country' \u201cI\u2019ve never seen anything like this in my lifetime.\
Jessica Alba, Ne-Yo Lead Moving Tribute To End Gun Violence At Teen Choice Awards Alton Sterling's son and others affected by recent shootings joined the stars on stage.
Dolores Huerta Calls Out Trump For Treating Latinos Like \u2018Newcomers\u2019 \I've got news for Donald Trump
Texas, Facing A Lawsuit, Makes It Easier For U.S.-Born Children Of Immigrants To Get Brith Certificates Last year, a group of Central American and Mexican immigrant parents sued Texas in federal court, claiming that the state
Eva Longoria Schools Donald Trump In Powerfully Personal DNC Speech Watch the actress take aim at the GOP nominee.
Julian Castro Is Disappointed At Not Getting VP Nod, But Says Clinton Will Get The Hispanic Vote Housing Secretary Julian Castro was long touted as a possible running mate for Hillary Clinton, but when the call came Friday
America Ferrera Breaks Down Why Latino Trump Supporters Exist It's confusing.
CNN Pundit Ignites Fury After Criticizing Tim Kaine's Use Of Spanish \u201cI\u2019m hoping I\u2019m not going to have to start brushing up on my \u2018Dora the Explorer\u2019 to understand some of the speeches given this week.\
Donald Trump's Ardent Supporters Love Mexican Food But some prefer theirs prepared by legal immigrants.
Lin-Manuel Miranda To Receive Star On Puerto Rico's Walk Of Fame Lin-Manuel Miranda will be honored in Puerto Rico with his very own star in the island\u2019s Walk of Fame.\u00a0The\u00a0Hamilton\u00a0creator
Demi Lovato, Eva Longoria and America Ferrera Announce They're Going To The DNC They're with Hillary Clinton.
Trump's Call For Mass Deportations Isn't Such A Big Hit With RNC Attendees Many at the convention said they want a policy that promotes a pathway to citizenship.
George Takei Warns What A Trump Presidency Could Mean For America \u201cI still remember the day armed guards marched up our driveway with bayonets, ordering us out of our home.\
Afro-Latina Music Artists Talk Identity, Empowerment And Feminism Fierce and fly women represented at the 2016 Afro-Latino Festival.
A Textbook That Paints Mexican-Americans As Lazy Could Be Coming To A School Near You It's \deeply flawed,\ but that hasn't stopped the Texas State Board of Education before.
Protesters Ask America To Wall Off Donald Trump, Not Mexico \We\u2019re not building a wall that divides,\u201d one activist said.
Family Of Latino Teen Killed By Undercover Cops Will Sue A legal filing in the death of Pedro Villanueva says California Highway Patrol officers had no \objectively reasonable basis to shoot.\
Justice Sonia Sotomayor To Receive Huge Award This September \u201cThe Justice truly embodies what it means to be an American.\
What Happens When Your Abuelita Gets Her Hands On Your Pokemon Go \Pica que? Te pica que?\
Mexican Singer Arrested Over Video Depicting Violence Against Women A Mexican norte\u00f1o singer who depicted graphic violence against a woman in a controversial music video has been arrested because
Here Are The Latinos Nominated For The Emmys The 2016 Emmy Nominations were announced Thursday morning, and though no Latinos were nominated for top awards, there were
Dope New Song Celebrates Hardworking Latinos Who Help \u2018Raise America\u2019 \Brown raised America...\
All-Girls Soccer Team Provides Community For Undocumented Immigrants The sport \is a passion that we all share.\
Gina Rodriguez Is The Coolest Spanish Teacher You've Never Had Elmo is well on his way to becoming bilingual, thanks to Gina Rodriguez.
This Activist Group Is Giving Trump The Wall He Actually Deserves \u201cOur wall won\u2019t be the kind of wall that divides cultures and families.\
Miss Rizos Stands Up For Teen Shamed By School For Rocking Natural Hair She shared the 16-year-old's heartbreaking story on Facebook.
Meet The Badass 16-Year-Old Boricua Repping The U.S. At The Olympics She's the first U.S.-born Latina to make the team since 1984.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Takes Bow As Hamilton One Last Time \Hamilton\ originals Leslie Odom Jr. and Phillipa Soo also said goodbye to the hit Broadway show Saturday.
Lin-Manuel Miranda's Mom Shares Anecdotes Of Little Lin At 'Hamilton' Farewell SPOILER
Latinos Sound Off On Twitter About What Matters To Them This Election And Beyond Help demystify the \Latino Vote\ using #ElectionVoices.
Politicians, Take Note The #ElectionVoices panel revealed that Latinos issues are intersectional.
Want To Engage Young Latino Voters? There Are Apps For That Latino voters in their late teens through mid 30's could help determine the outcome of this year's presidential election
America Ferrera On The One Thing White Male Actors Never Have To Worry About The actress says there's an \unequal burden\ that falls upon actors of color.
Eva Longoria Posts A Moving Message About How Selena Inspired Her \She was the reason I even dared to dream...\ \ud83d\ude22
Radio DJ Suspended After Making Tone Deaf Remarks About Local Latino Fest \Whether made in jest or not, his racist undertones are absolutely inexcusable and should be condemned by his employer.\
'OITNB' Star Laura G\u00f3mez Advocates For LGBT Rights In Latin America \I like to be a part of that solution, instead of the problem.\
Comic Captures What It\u2019s Like To Spend A Decade In Immigration Limbo But Colombian-born artist Juana Medina insists
Sheila E. Is Moved to Tears After Delivering Powerful Prince Tribute at BET Awards 2016 It's safe to say Sheila E. made Prince proud tonight. After an evening filled with musical tributes, it was Prince's former
Poets Break Down Why They Won't Let You Mispronounce Their Names Say their names right, or don't say them at all!
Two Stories from the Frontlines of Millennial Caregiving 
'The Homo Cholo' Explores The Importance Of Social Spaces For Queer Latinxs \u201cI don\u2019t think there\u2019s going to be a place for gay people of color to just go and meet and mingle.\
Watch This 11-Year-Old Latino Muslim Stand Up To Trump\u2019s Hateful Rhetoric \Donald Trump hates me.\
Hispanics Were More Likely To Be Scratched In Brooklyn Voter Purge More than 122,000 Democratic voters were removed from the rolls, but it happened more often in Hispanic districts, a WNYC analysis found.
Mexican-American Slam Poet Schools Donald Trump On U.S. History \What I wanna know is who the f**k taught you history, Donald?\
CDC The number of people infected with Zika in Puerto Rico is rising at an alarming rate, putting pregnant women at even greater
\u200b27.3 Million Latinos Will Vote In November\u200b\u2015\u200bHere's What They're Thinking Every 30 seconds, a Latino citizen turns 18 and becomes a potential voter. This might not seem surprising\u2014Latinos are the
No Criminal Charges For Police In Mexican Farmworker's Death The officers fired 17 shots at Zambrano after he ignored orders to stop throwing rocks near a crowded intersection, police said
Wilmer Valderrama Is Your Newest NCIS Agent You'll probably recognize the newest NCISagent
Moving Beyond Illegal Immigration By creating a construct of illegality and assigning it to a broad and diverse group of people, the U.S. racializes a category of human beings who, in the eyes of many in the dominant culture, embody illegality, regardless of their actual status.
Can We Stop Erasing Latinos From The Orlando Massacre? There's nothing in Chee's touching piece about the Orlando victims that gives us an idea as to who they were and why they were at Pulse that night. Nothing as to why the gunman chose to stage his gore-fest on Latin Night. Nothing about 23 of the 49 perished having roots in Puerto Rico.
How Organizations Are Helping Latinos Affected By The Orlando Shooting Get The Help They Need Nonprofits in Florida are offering resources like Spanish-speaking mental health professionals and legal assistance for travel documents.
How This Puerto Rican Gran'pa Became The Star Of A Hilarious HBO Series Here's a behind the scenes look at \Gran'Pa Knows Best\!
Watch This Dad Break Down Why He Won't Call His Daughter A Princess Don't call her \princess,\ call her \president.\
Ricky Martin Says 'BREAK YOUR SILENCE,' Calls For Gun Control After Orlando The singer wrote in an op-ed about the Orlando shooting
LGBTQ Latinxs And Allies Share Heartfelt Messages In Honor Of Orlando Shooting Victims \We love you, keep fighting y sigue bailando.\
Wilson Cruz Says Orlando Shooting Was A \u2018Direct Attack On LGBT Latinos\u2019 The \u2018My So-Called Life\u2019 actor said the media shouldn\u2019t \u201cwhitewash\u201d the facts.
Ahead of SCOTUS Ruling, Getting the Message Out to Central Valley Immigrants Advocates encouraged immigrants to ask to see the credentials of their legal services provider. Applicants should never sign a blank form, and should ask for a translation if they need it. They should also make sure to get copies of any papers filed for their case.
2016 Puerto Rican Day Parade As many years before, the Puerto Rican Day Parade promises to bring some of the biggest Latino celebrities to New York. This
Sideline Reporter Gets Racist And Anti-Semitic On LIVE Broadcast Emily Austen has been reprimanded by Fox Sports Florida since her insensitive remarks.
Roc Nation Launches Roc Nation Latin, Names Romeo Santos CEO Dominican heartthrob and beloved bachatero Romeo Santos has been named CEO of Roc Nation Latin, which just launched on Wednesday
\u2018Criminal Minds\u2019 Casts Adam Rodriguez As Series Regular For Season 12 Adam Rodriguez is coming back to CBS, joining \u201cCriminal Minds\u201d as a series regular in Season 12, the network announced Wednesday
Soledad O'Brien's #IAmLatinoInAmerica Seeks to Amplify Latino Voices NEW YORK, N.Y. \u2014 The Latino population in the United States has grown by nearly 20 million people since 2000, so it is time
Jennifer Lopez Remembers Breaking Barriers In Playing Selena Jennifer Lopez hopes that her proudest moment as an actress is still to come, but she has one role in particular that she
Kat Lazo Breaks Down Why Stereotypes Are So Damaging To Latinas \What we see in the media right now is a limited version of our humanity.\
Man\u00e1 Frontman Says Donald Trump \u2018Is Creating Racism Not Seen Since Hitler\u2019 \A guy who does reality shows can\u2019t lead a country.\
Shakira Clears Up Rumor So Paparazzi Will Stop Going Through Her Garbage The singer was in Colombia shooting a new music video with Carlos Vives.
Rosario Dawson Wants Latinos To 'Crash' The Democratic And Republican Convention The \Daredevil\ star is working with a new initiative.
Cristela Calls Out Presidential Candidates' Pandering To Latino Voters \We\u2019re real people. We have different likes.\
Christina Milian Has Us 'Waiting For Tonight' In New 'Lip Sync Battle' Clip Jennifer Lopez would be proud.
Becky G Recalls Her DIY Rise To Fame, Says Financial Struggles Turned Her To Music BURBANK, CALIFORNIA \u2013 \u00a0She\u2019s still a teenager, but success has been a long time coming for Rebbeca Marie Gomez, better known
NBC Cancels 5 Shows, Including Eva Longoria's 'Telenovela' More shows axed Friday, as NBC cut deep into its freshman class. NBC rapidly canceled five programs in about one hour
Here's The Estimated Number Of Latino Voters Who Could Be Affected By Voting Laws And NALEO's report only analyzed the impact on Latinos in 19 states.
Rosario Dawson, Carmelo Anthony To Be Honored At National Puerto Rican Day Parade In NYC Not even the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico could put a damper on one of New York\u2019s biggest celebrations of the year. Knicks
Bartolo Colon Is 'The Natural' In This Gloriously Funny Mashup He makes a fine Robert Redford, doesn't he?
New Exhibit Is An Intimate Look At Frida Kahlo And Diego Rivera\u2019s Relationship And Careers The legacy of Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera\u2019s relationship is defined by controversy. After all, they married twice, and Diego
Rosie Perez Was Told \u201cShhh\u201d Because She Was A Threat To Hollywood Latinos During an action-packed day at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival, a bevy of women professionals participated in a series of
What Does It Mean To Be Latino In America Today? Latino? Hispanic? Spanish speaker? Native born? When it comes to defining Latino identity in the United States today, the
The Deeper Reason Trump's Taco Tweet Is Offensive Last Thursday, for Cinco de Mayo, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump tweeted an image of himself eating a taco
Rita Moreno Raps Through 'Hamilton'-Inspired Speech Like A Boss The 84-year-old EGOT winner's commencement speech is one for the history books.
Model Denise Bidot Shares An Inspiring Open Letter To Her Daughter \There's no wrong way to be a woman.\
Young Lin-Manuel Miranda Remixing Pop Songs As Salsa Hits Is Swoonworthy Watch him dance to Destiny's Child, Britney Spears, N'SYNC and more!
Here's An Exclusive Clip Of Adri\u00e1n Garc\u00eda Bogliano's Horror-Thriller 'Scherzo Diabolico' The director's latest film takes place in Mexico City.
Rosie Perez Shares The Brutal Truth Of Being A Female Actor Of Color In Hollywood Many of the most powerful industries are male dominated. One can peruse a list of the CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, glance
NYC Premieres First Latino LGBTQ Film Festival Presented by the Hispanic Federation, FUERZAfest is NYC's first Latino LGBTQ+ film festival from May 11th-May 22nd. The event
Mario Lopez Reportedly Being Considered As Michael Strahan's Replacement On 'Live' Well, Mario Lopez didn\u2019t tell Ellen he WASN\u2019T going to replace Michael Strahan on Live with Kelly and Michael during his
Billboard Latin Music Awards 2016 The 2016 Billboard Latin Music Awards\u00a0are a wrap! Find all the winners below
Latino Children Are Undercounted In The Nation's Census The fastest growing segment of the U.S. population is Latino children but the communities they live in may not be getting
How Mentorship Is Helping More Latino Men Earn College Degrees The number of Latino men enrolling in college increased 75 percent between 2005 and 2014, from 718,500 to 1.26 million. Yet
Spoken Word Poets Recite Unlikely Tribute To Badass Abuelitas Abuelitas to the rescue!
Prince's Former Flame Sheila E. Mourns Death Of Music Legend Prince's former flame and collaborator Sheila E. is mourning the death of the music legend. \The meaning of the word loss
Marc Anthony Says The GOP Is 'Just Showing What They've Always Been' The singer also shares who he'll be voting for this year.
More People Are Filing To Become Citizens In The Face Of Anti-Immigration Politics At a recent fair at the Long Beach Convention Center, more than 3,000 immigrants got free help filling out citizenship applications
J Balvin, Paulina Rubio & More To Perform At The 2016 Billboard Latin Music Awards If you thought the list of performers for the\u00a02016 Billboard Latin Music Awards\u00a0couldn't get any better, it just did.\u00a0 J
Marc Anthony's Enduring Career Marc Anthony\u00a0is going to have a big impact on this year's Billboard Latin Music Conference and Awards.\u00a0 The multi-platinum
On The Frontline Of Brazil\u2019s War With Zika, A Mother\u2019s First Question It\u2019s 7:30 a.m. and the hallway outside the neurosurgeon\u2019s office at the Pedro I Municipal Hospital is filling with mothers
Afro-Latino Festival Announces 2016 Lineup Featuring Los Rakas, Maluca, And More For its fourth consecutive year,\u00a0Afro-Latino Festival will take place in New York City. This July, we\u2019ll witness three days
From 'Machete Kills' To Vegan Tacos LOS ANGELES \u2013 \u00a0He\u2019s made a career out of being the guy you don\u2019t want to mess with in movies such as \Machete,\u201d \u201cDesperado
Selena-Themed Buses Roll Out In Corpus Christi Roughly one week after Mac previewed their first Selena-inspired lipstick, she's getting yet another homage in her beloved
Honorary Street Proposed For 'Jane The Virgin' Star Gina Rodriguez An alderman has proposed honoring \Jane the Virgin\ star Gina Rodriguez by calling the Northwest Side block she grew up on
5 New Latino Poetry Books For National Poetry Month April is National Poetry Month and this season's releases by Latino poets are exceptional, dealing with social issues like
Wilmer Valderrama Explains One Of The 'Major Problems' In This Election And shares what he believes is putting the Latino community in a difficult situation.
Why Gina Rodriguez Wants To Show She's 'Flawed' On Social Media The \Jane The Virgin\ star is giving us some major #BodyImageGoals.
Few Latino Kids Attend Catholic Schools - Here's Why When Michael Guerra saw that a public school education wasn't a good fit for his young daughter, he began looking for an
For $10, New York City Students See \u2018Hamilton\u2019 And Rap For Lin-Manuel Miranda \u201cHamilton\u201d has won acclaim for its fresh take on a familiar chapter of American history
NY Public Library Spotlights Latino Writers For National Library Week For the first time during National Library Week, the New York Public Library will specifically focus on Latino authors at
It's 2016 And Latino Representation On TV Is Finally Starting To Reflect Reality Latinos make up 17% of the U.S. population. They account for 32% of frequent moviegoers. But as Flavorwire put it bluntly
San Antonio Fires School Police Officer Seen Slamming Girl In Video In the half-minute video, the officer is seen grappling with the student, picking her up and throwing her to the ground.
A Disproportionate Share Of Blacks And Latinos Lose Their Driver's Licenses Because Of Unpaid Tickets, Study Finds African Americans and Latinos in California are more likely than others to lose their driver's licenses because of unpaid
Black And Latina HS Soccer Players Upset By Offensive 'Trump' Chants Investigation reveals surprising source of the taunts.
El Hombre de los Ocho Sentidos 
This Latina Mom Supports CA's Proposed Soda Tax Let's be real here. Soda isn't harmless. It's liquid sugar that too often is consumed by kids like water. And now I want to say loud and clear
Lin-Manuel Miranda Celebrates Immigrants In Acceptance Speech For Kennedy Prize Composer and playwright Lin-Manuel Miranda has accepted one of the largest prizes given for the stage by celebrating immigrants
Colombia's Highest Court Paves Way For Marriage Equality In Surprise Ruling Colombia\u2019s highest court has given the green light to gay marriage in the conservative, mostly Catholic country. The magistrates
7 People Got Totally Tongue-Tied After Trying Spanish Tongue Twisters \u201cSpanish tongue twisters are torture.\u201d
The 'Ugly Betty' Reunion Of Your Dreams Is Happening This Summer You can start freaking out now.
Wilmer Valderrama On Why Developing Diverse TV Pilots Isn't Good Enough He thinks networks lack the \courage\ to give diverse series a real shot.
Selena Gomez Developing New TV Show Described as a 'Latina Empire' Based on Life of Real Teen New Latina-focused show incoming
Jessica Alba Explains Why Her Daughters May Not Easily Identify Themselves As Latinas Jessica Alba is one proud, busy mother. As the self-made mogul continues to find huge success with The Honest Company, the
Arizona and North Carolina Election Day Debacles Make Case for Restoring the Voting Rights Act If Congress needed any more evidence to suggest that the Voting Rights Act must be restored, they got it in the Arizona and North Carolina elections. What happened in these states underscores the destructive nature of the Supreme Court's decision to gut the VRA three years ago.
Ren\u00e9 P\u00e9rez Addresses Puerto Rico Issues And Calls For Release Of Oscar Lopez Rivera At Bernie Sanders Rally At St. Mary\u2019s Park in South Bronx, Ren\u00e9 P\u00e9rez, aka Residente, introduced Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders
Video Presents Latinos As 'Dealers' And 'Killers,' Then Takes A Surprising Turn This campaign wants everyone to #TurnIgnoranceAround.
Hilarious Video Shows That Portuguese And Spanish Aren't As Similar As People Think \I understand what you're saying but, like, I don't know how you say it.\
'Jane The Virgin' Narrator Creates A Hero For Latinos Who Feel 'Trapped' In A Conservative Culture Anthony Mendez took a semi-autobiographical approach for \Mike Tomb.\
These Latinos Are Among The World's Greatest Leaders On Thursday (Mar. 24), Fortune released their annual list of the world\u2019s most influential pioneers. This year\u2019s list honors
Gloria Estefan's Mother Is The Rap Sensation You Didn't Know You Needed #Rapuela in the house! \ud83d\udc75\ud83c\udfa4
The Tragic Death Of Alejandro Nieto And San Francisco's Gentrification Alejandro Nieto was killed by police in the neighbourhood where he spent his whole life. Did he die because a few white newcomers saw him as a menacing outsider?
Latina Business Owner Faces Death Threats For Appearing Onstage At Donald Trump Rally A Latina business owner is facing death threats after she held a \u201cLatinas support D. Trump\u201d onstage Saturday at a Donald
Latino Immigrants Pursue Citizenship To Vote Against Trump After Donald Trump declared war against \u201cillegals,\u201d Latinos have united across cultures to take on his anti-immigrant crusade
Malia Obama Helps Translate For Her Father During First Family's Trip To Cuba Her father may be president, but Malia Obama just proved he doesn't always know best \u2014 or in this case, more. The president's
4 Of The Most Powerful Latino Performances From 'The Passion' Miss the live broadcast? We got you. \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udc7c
Adorable Boy Begs His Mom Not To Cook A Chicken In Touching Video \Leave her alone,\ he pleaded.
This Startup Helps Latino Businesses Get Funding Twin brothers Sean and Kenny Salas see a billion-dollar opportunity in a market that most traditional banks and lenders have
Latina Women on TV When Ugly Betty wrapped up its four season-run in 2010, it was the only show on network television to have centered around
Bertha C\u00e1ceres The daughter of Berta C\u00e1ceres, the Honduran human rights defender who was murdered this month, has spoken out about the country\u2019s volatility and called on Europe and the US to stop investing in the controversial Agua Zarca dam.
Gael Garcia Bernal, Gregory Nava Among New Diversity Academy Appointees In response to the growing calls for diversity among its members, the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences named
Lizzie Velasquez On How She Turned Others' Hate Into Self-Love And how her Latino roots shaped who she is today.
Without This Texas Clinic, Women With Unwanted Pregnancies Would Have To Travel 230 Miles Or Cross Into Mexico As patients arrived at the Rio Grande Valley's lone abortion clinic last week, they were greeted by two men standing outside
Latino Poets Honor Civil Rights Leader Dolores Huerta at Smithsonian WASHINGTON, DC -- In commemoration of the ground-breaking exhibition at the Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery
Watch Jennifer Lopez Strike A Pose As Selena In '90s Photo Shoot Yes, sparkly bustiers galore!
More Latinos Seek Citizenship to Vote Against Trump DENVER \u2014 Donald J. Trump\u2019s harsh campaign language against Mexican immigrants has helped him win a substantial delegate lead
Can A 3-Year-Old Represent Herself In Immigration Court? This Judge Thinks So. A senior Justice Department official is arguing that 3- and 4-year-olds can learn immigration law well enough to represent
See The Fiery Eruption Of Ecuador Volcano Tungurahua emits lava and a column of ash four miles high.
GLAAD to Present Demi Lovato With Vanguard Award Demi Lovato has been tapped to receive one of GLAAD's highest honors. The singer-songwriter-actress-philanthropist has been
Gina Rodriguez Aims To Empower Young Women Through The Arts Gina Rodriguez, the Golden Globe winner of Puerto Rican descent who stars in \u201cJane the Virgin\u201d on CW, was accepted into Columbia
Where Latino Voters Stand On Abortion, According To New Survey The data was released ahead of a crucial U.S. Supreme Court case.
#BrownRibbonCampaign Reminds Us Oscar Diversity Isn't Just Black And White Diversity in entertainment needs to include everyone.
25 Times White Actors Played People Of Color And No One Really Gave A S**t Think blackface and yellowface are a thing of the past? Get ready to cringe.
7 Networks for Latina Professionals or Entrepreneurs If you are a Latina entrepreneur or professional, you are not alone. The National Women's Business Council states that Latinas
Most Latinos Don\u2019t Believe They Need To Be Able To Do This To Be Latino A new survey revealed a majority of Latinos don't think fluency in Spanish is required to be Latino.
\u2018Hamilton\u2019 Wins Kennedy Prize For Historical Drama The awards keep coming for \u201cHamilton.\u201d On Monday, which would have been the 84th birthday of Edward M. Kennedy, Columbia
The Fight Over Immigrant Workers Heads To Dairy Farms \Everybody knows Wisconsin is cheese land, and cheese comes from milk and milk comes from cows, and these cows are taken care of by Latinos.\
NY Fashion Week For the past 15 years, Afro-Colombian fashion designer Edwing D\u2019Angelo has been making a name for himself in New York City's
Two Latinas At Forefront Of Historic Science Discovery One of the biggest discoveries in science was announced Thursday
Watch Sof\u00eda Vergara Adorably Struggle To Remember One Key U.S. Fact She also dropped some knowledge about Colombian culture.
Eva Longoria Gets 'Low' On 'Lip Sync Battle' But her rival had a secret weapon
Man\u00e1 Announces 'Latino Power Tour,' Urges U.S. Latinos To Vote On the eve of receiving a star on the\u00a0Hollywood Walk of Fame and appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Mexican rockers\u00a0Man\u00e1 announced
The One Thing Shakira Wanted Changed About Her Disney Character Her hips don't lie, after all.
Report (CNN)The number of Latino voters in New Hampshire more than tripled between 1990 and 2014, although Latinos are still a small
Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu On Donald Trump And Immigration At The DGA Awards Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu nabbed the Directors Guild Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement on\u00a0The Revenant\u00a0yesterday
Internet Flips Over College Gymnast's Almost Perfect Routine She whipped out the whip, the nae nae, and hit the quan before ending with the dab.
Carolina Panthers Coach Ron Rivera Has Charlotte's Latino Community Fired Up When the Carolina Panthers play the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl 50, Panthers coach Ron Rivera will become the second Latino
Marc Anthony Slams Trump During New York City Concert The Puerto Rican singer's NSFW criticism brought the crowd to its feet.
'OITNB' Star Diane Guerrero Wants You To Help Fight Against Deportation Diane Guerrero has been a very vocal advocate for immigration reform.
America Ferrera\u2019s Response To Reporter\u2019s Tone Deaf Question Will Make You Cheer America for President! \ud83c\uddfa\ud83c\uddf8
America Ferrera \It\u2019s no surprise that the best thing to be in this country is white and male. So what about all the rest of us?\
Gina Rodriguez Offers Golden Globes Dress To Fan For High School Prom Like a fairy godmother.
Things Turn Sour When Americans Taste Latin Fruits For The First Time \It looks like a sea creature, I trust that it\u2019s not because this is about fruit.\
This Calendar Is Redefining What It Means To Be 'Malcriada' One Peruvian woman is taking back the word in the hopes that it will inspire other women to fight for their rights.
This Medical School\u2019s Effort To Help Dreamers Could Benefit Entire Communities \It's definitely my duty to turn around, give a hand and give back.\
Latino Millennials Have The Power, So Why Don't They Use It? \Everyone wants to know when this really large voting group is going to punch its weight.\
Juanes, 'Jane The Virgin' Producer To Develop Bilingual TV Series \It's a mix of Entourage and Narcos.\u201d
Celia Cruz To Be Honored With Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award 13 Years After Her Death After scoring an 80-part novela on Telemundo (which you can watch in its entirety\u00a0here, by the way), Celia Cruz will now
America Ferrera And Eva Longoria Reveal Who Wrote Their Golden Globes Bit \u201cThere\u2019s truth in jest. It went over very, very well,\u201d said Longoria.
Lack Of Play Spaces For Latino Kids Increases Obesity Risk Obesity rates in Latino youth are higher compared to their non-Latino white counterparts and it may not only depend on food
This '80s Pop Star's Daughter Nailed Her 'American Idol' Audition Jennifer Lopez is already a fan.
Alejandro G. I\u00f1\u00e1rritu 'Pities' Donald Trump For His Anti-Immigrant Rhetoric \To be so rich and to be so bitter \u2014 it's a poor man whose only possession is money.\
America Ferrera Says 'Superstore' Doesn't Do 'Diversity For The Sake Of Diversity' The star also spoke on why roles should be written \with no specified ethnicity.\
Shakira's Son Serves Up A Whole Lot Of Tennis Cuteness On Instagram Milan proves that in tennis, you can win with Love. \ud83c\udfbe
Juli\u00e1n Castro Warns Latinos Would Suffer If G.O.P. Abandons Health Law Juli\u00e1n Castro, the federal housing secretary, whom Hillary Clinton has mentioned as a potential running mate, said Monday
MTV Australia 'Jokingly' Requests Subtitles For Eva Longoria, America Ferrera How not to live-tweet the Golden Globes.
Watch Undocumented Immigrants Hilariously Respond To Mean Tweets \I don't like the word 'alien' because I feel like green is not my color.\
How Actress Kate Del Castillo Brokered The Secret El Chapo Interview Sean Penn called the Mexican actress his \ticket to El Chapo's trust.\
Miss Colombia Ariadna Guti\u00e9rrez Opens Up About 'Humiliating' Miss Universe Flub \They did not do things the right way.\
15 Blog Posts By Latinos That Got Us Talking In 2015 A snapshot of the many important conversations we had on Latino Voices in 2015.
Quincea\u00f1eras Are A Booming Business In Havana HAVANA (AP) \u2014 Up a winding flight of stairs at a beachside Havana home, Camila Lopez Rivas lies on the tile floor, smiling
Ten Great Latino Books Published in 2015 Odyssean journeys of migration by Dominican boys, secret messages from underworld goddesses and Mexican gods and photographic
Daisy Fuentes and Richard Marx 'Couldn't Be Happier' After Romantic Wedding So in love! Daisy Fuentes and Richard Marx are floating on cloud nine after\u00a0tying the knot in a romantic wedding ceremony
Migrant Children Explain Why They Traveled To The U.S. Alone A total of 10,588 unaccompanied children crossed the U.S.-Mexico border in October and November, federal statistics show.
Miss Colombia Offered Million Dollar Porn Contract After Pageant Loss No word on how Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutierrez responded to the offer.
How Racism Reared Its Ugly Head After #MissUniverse2015 When Steve Harvey announced Colombia instead of Philippines as the winner of the Miss Universe 2015 pageant, and proceeded
You May Not Have Noticed But There Were Almost No Latino Films in 2015 The highest-grossing films of 2015 star\u00a0James Bond, a\u00a0man in an iron suit, a man\u00a0stuck on Mars, a\u00a0tyrannosaurus rex\u00a0and the
Seth MacFarlane's 'Bordertown' Takes On Latino Stereotypes In New Teaser Delightfully refreshing.
Outraged Colombians Respond To Miss Universe Mix-Up \The entire country, and our family, was overcome with emotion.\
Miss Colombia Gracefully Responds To Steve Harvey's Colossal Mistake Well, she's beauty and she's DEFINITELY grace.
Miss Puerto Rico Suspended For Anti-Muslim Comments On Twitter \Her words do not represent the integrity and esteem of our program.\
Inside The Billion-Dollar Battle For Puerto Rico\u2019s Future The money poured in by the millions, then by the hundreds of millions, and finally by the billions. Over weak coffee in a
11 Times Latinos Stole The Show In 2015 Oh, what a year! \ud83c\udf89
10 Times The Latino Star Wars Hashtag Had No Chill It might be an understatement to say that most people are flipping out over the long-awaited release of Star Wars VII
PopSugar Deletes Article Comparing Kylie Jenner To 'A Mix' Of Latina Celebs The site has issued an apology.
Single Mom Who Lived In Her Truck Just Wants A Home This Holiday Season After years of escaping violence, Rocio wants to give her children a \better future.\
This Video Of Rita Moreno Being Delightful Will Make Your Day The only bad thing about this short video is that it\u2019s short.
Why Gina Rodriguez Says Receiving Her Golden Globe Nomination Today Is 'Serendipitous' \Today two fantastic things happened.\
5 Disney Princesses Score The Ultimate Selena Makeover YAASSS, queens!
Prince Royce On Why He Felt Like \u2018Two Different People\u2019 Growing Up And what politicians are getting wrong about immigrants.
A Tiny Rural Town Just Elected An All-Latino City Council \u201cIt\u2019s time for a change because most of us here are Hispanic.\u201d
Clinton Homes in on Latinas, a Growing Part of the Electorate When it comes to getting out to the polls, Latinas are ahead of their male counterparts, something Hillary Clinton wants
Twitter Proves There's Nothing Like #ThanksgivingWithHispanics Thank goodness for Twitter!
New York City Mayor Declares November 19 'Angie Martinez Day' It's official
Where In The World Is Carmen Sandiego Now? She's hiding in your app store.
This Video Perfectly Captures Every Single Latinas' Holiday Nightmare Winter is coming... with questions about your relationship status.
2015 Latin Grammys Get Political As Artists Urge Latinos \We have to exercise our right to vote, and vote for those who will give more quality (of life) to Latinos, to the candidates. Use your strength, Latinos!\
2015 Latin Grammy Winners Include Juan Luis Guerra, Natalia Lafourcade The Mexican songstress and the Bachata artist were the big winners of the night.
Sonia Sotomayor Almost Stopped Pursuing A Seat On The Supreme Court A friend told her, \this is not about you.\
Gina Rodriguez Shows Skin And Body Confidence On Instagram \I love this picture because I feel like young Gina finally made herself her own hero.\
Immigration Reverse! More Mexicans Are Leaving U.S. Than Coming In SAN DIEGO (AP) \u2014 More Mexicans are leaving the United States than migrating into the country, marking a reversal of one of
Calle 13's Rene Perez Receives Nobel Peace Summit Award Rene Perez has been awarded a Nobel Peace Summit Award for his song lyrics and his support for social causes. The rapper
Pussy Riot Brings Protest Message To Mexico, Shows Support For Families Of 43 Missing Students The Russian punk rock group, Pussy Riot, carried its message of protest to Mexico, voicing support for the relatives of the
Latinas Think Big Summit NEW YORK, NY -- More women are making strides in their careers, but a group of influential Latina women want to help others
Brown Vows Action After Officer Detains Latino Dartmouth Student The student, who was attending the annual Latinx Ivy League Conference Saturday, told the Brown Daily Herald student newspaper that a public safety officer slammed him against a wall, threw him to the ground and handcuffed him.
Colombian Government Takes Steps Toward Fully Legalizing Abortion Abortion in Colombia is illegal except in cases of rape or incest, or where the woman's life is in danger, but the Colombian
Human Trafficking Survivor Mexico City (CNN)Karla Jacinto is sitting in a serene garden. She looks at the ordinary sights of flowers and can hear people
Was That Anti-Trump 'SNL' Protest A Success? Depends Who You Ask \We made our presence felt and we talked about how hurtful the words that Donald Trump has said about the Latino community [were].\
'Birdman' Director Alejandro G. I\u00f1\u00e1rritu Addresses Immigration Reform, Donald Trump In Speech \These comments would be unacceptable if they were targeted against another minority.\
Latino Groups To Hold Media Summit Amid Outrage Over Trump\u2019s \u2018SNL\u2019 Appearance Latino organizations are coming together in the wake of Donald Trump\u2019s hosting appearance on \Saturday Night Live\ to call
Latino Activists Protest Donald Trump's SNL Appearance Outside NBC \Hey hey, ho ho, racism has got to go!\
Political Group Will Give Larry David $5000 For Calling Donald Trump A Racist On 'SNL' The political action committee DeportRacism.com is making good on its pledge.
Yes, Donald Trump Is Actually Going On 'Saturday Night Live' Tonight NBCUniversal disregarded protests by Latinos over Trump's anti-immigrant comments.
Dozens Of High-Profile Hispanics Write Blistering Open Letter To Donald Trump Junot D\u00edaz, Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu, Diego Luna, Demi\u00e1n Bichir, Mario Vargas Llosa and 62 others came together to blast the candidate.
'Rent' Veteran Calls Out Racism, Ageism, And Sexism In Show Business \u201cPeople like me are supposed to clean toilets and s***, and take care of your kids.\u201d
Zoe Saldana's Response To Anti-Immigrant Hate \Adjust your laws, because it\u2019s not going away.\
Televisa Reinstates Fired Hosts, Is Investigating Sexual Harassment Claims \u200bRemezcla reports that Televisa has reinstated two hosts it fired earlier this week after claiming that a viral video of
Indigenous Beauty Celebrated At The World Indigenous Games In Brazil The Indigenous Games' organizers stressed it wasn't a beauty contest.
GOP Rep Opens Up About Raising Transgender Son \For us, family is family and love is love.\
Televisa Host Says Network Pressured Her To Say On-Air Sexual Harassment Was A Hoax \Unfortunately in these situations there is pressure on the part of \u2018businesses and other obligations to say\u2019 (or even record a video saying) that I am guilty.\
We Ate Our Way Through The Lower East Side's Latin Food Scene Warning
Sofia Vergara Slams Radio Show Claiming 'Rumors' She Might Be One Of Bill Cosby's Victims \Respeten a la gente. Dejen de inventar bobadas.\
Attendee Drags Protester Out Of Trump Event As Crowd Cheers Ariel Rojas wasn't the only protester inside Donald Trump's campaign event at Trump National Miami Doral Resort on Friday
Pro-Immigration Protester Violently Dragged Out Of Trump Rally Not everyone at Trump's first official campaign rally in Florida was on board with his message.
Will Smith To Perform With Bomba Estereo At Latin Grammys The \Fiesta\ remix is Smith's first release in a decade.
Luis Gutierrez \u201cIf Donald Trump had said gays and lesbians were murdering and raping Americans, would he get to host the show?\
Meet Fierce Puerto Rican Teen Superhero LAK6 Step aside, Superman.
Kentucky Prosecutor Basically Confirms Racial Profiling In Open Court The county attorney appears to say being Hispanic is \probable cause\ for a traffic stop.
Hispanic Coalition Calls For SNL To Dump Trump Putting Trump on SNL is a \slap in the face,\ the chairman of the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts said.
'Slap in the Face' for Donald Trump to Host SNL, Says Latino Group \This is not about lacking a sense of humor.\
These New York Musicians Revive Big Band Music, With A Colombian Twist The Gregorio Uribe Big Band's music reflects the history and reality of an immigrant city.
People Claiming #ColumbusWasAHero Are On The Wrong Side Of History Columbus' legacy is on its way out. #RightSideOfHistory
The Resilient Five Unlike the typical student, however, our childhood years were spent dealing with economic struggles, feelings of not belonging, teenage pregnancy, and run-ins with the police. My four siblings and I had to overcome these hardships to graduate. For each of us, our high school graduation day was a moment of triumph for our family, because the odds were against us from the very beginning.
How To Deport 11 Million People Humanely* *It might require not deporting people.
U.S. Television Wakes Up To Growing Latino Audience With New Options We\u2019re approaching the end of Hispanic Heritage Month (15 September to 15 October) and those channels that cater to Latino
Dad Cries When He Gets Soccer Tickets And You Will Too \He really deserves this.\
'Jane The Virgin\u2019 Season 2 Will Feature Two Weddings And A Mystery Jennie Urman opened up about Jane's journey with motherhood and a wedding. Plus, how she'll handle the character losing her virginity.
Donald Trump Finds A Latina Fan And It's A Whole Thing Trump gets lucky in Las Vegas.
Joe Biden Tells Latinos To 'Make No Damn Apologies For Anything' \And the message I have for you guys is these guys don't remotely speak for America.  The American people are so much better.\
A Forgotten Latina Trailblazer Before Harvey Milk, she was a seminal figure in the LGBT rights movement. Before Caitlyn Jenner, she was one of the country's
U.S. Lawmakers Call On El Salvador To Free Women 'Wrongfully' Jailed For Illegal Abortions Members of congress are asking Secretary of State John Kerry to lean on El Salvador\u2019s president to \u201cre-examine\u201d his government\u2019s
Lin-Manuel Miranda Playwright and actor Lin-Manuel Miranda is building a remarkable career on Broadway by highlighting the immigrant experience
Clinton Campaign Launches 'Latinos For Hillary' Capitalizing on her still positive polling numbers with Latinos, Democrat Hillary Clinton is making the most of Hispanic
Mexican Teenagers Went From Being Homeless To National Heroes In One Week The homeless men and women of Mexico have brought glory to their country. Last weekend, a group of Mexican street kids won
Christina Milian On \u2018Grandfathered\u2019 And Not Wanting To Be \u2018Just A Reality Star\u2019 \u201cSome people were worried about me doing reality type stuff because they were like \u2018then you can\u2019t come back over to the other side.'\
Confession Of A Latino Dad Hi, my name is Julio, and I am a failed Latino dad. I have been trying to write that sentence for over 10 years now, ever
\Endgame\ Young Jos\u00e9 has problems. He lives under the shadow of his athletic older brother. His single mother is stressed out. His
Walmart Is Actually Selling This Offensive \Little Amigo\ Halloween Costume It's that time of year again, when retailers like Walmart release wildly offensive costumes for Halloween. The superstore
Deleted 'Jane The Virgin' Scene Shows Jane After Breaking Off Her Engagement Alba just realized Jane's engagement ring is missing.
Cop Threatens To Send Latino Family 'Back To The F**king Border' A community is calling for an officer's dismissal after a cell phone video showed him swearing and threatening a Latino couple.
Sofia Vergara is fan of Emilio Estefan's 'We're All Mexican' Sofia Vergara praised the concept of Emilio Estefan\u2019s new song \u201cWe\u2019re All Mexican\u201d celebrating Latino solidarity. The \u201cModern
Shakira Fights For Universal Education Global superstar Shakira called on the world's leaders Tuesday to boost investment in education for the earliest years of
Women Walk 100 Miles To See Pope Francis, Plead For Immigration Reform The women want to share the pontiff's directive to treat immigrants with \respect and dignity.\
Jorge Ramos vs. Bill Maher on Saying \Illegals\ To Describe Immigrants \Words matter.\
Narcos Is A Hit For Netflix But Iffy Accents Grate On Colombian Ears The Netflix drama Narcos has won critical acclaim for its unflinching depiction of the rise and fall of Pablo Escobar, and
8 Latino Celebrities Who Have Appeared on 'S\u00e1bado Gigante' The show\u2019s departure will leave a huge empty space, not only in Univision\u2019s Saturday evening lineup, but in its viewers hearts as well.
8 Latinas Every American Woman Should Thank Our sheroes son sus sheroes!
Joe Biden Slams Donald Trump For Selling 'Sick Message' On Immigration \There's one guy absolutely denigrating an entire group of people, appealing to the baser side of human nature, working on this notion of xenophobia in a way that hasn't occurred in a long time.\
Trump Supporters Harass Immigration Protesters In Iowa Trump supporters shouted things like \If it ain't white, it ain't right.\
How The Planned Parenthood Funding Debate Impacts Latinas While the Republican Congressional push to cut all federal funding for Planned Parenthood is mired in a political debate
'D\u00edmelo En Espa\u00f1ol' Provides Family Therapy For Latino Families NEW YORK, NY - The signal sounds, and a small boy with bright eyes and dark hair pops out of the elevator and barrels into
KFC Apologizes For 'Racist' Facebook Image \Was intended to be a light, humorous cartoon.\
19 Non-Latino Celebrities Show Off Their Spanish Skills \u00bfHablas Espa\u00f1ol? These stars do! Whether they\u2019re married to Spanish-speaking Latinas -- like Jeb Bush and Matt Damon are
Latino Students Latino students are changing the face of America\u2019s public schools. 2014 marked the first year that a majority of public school
Some 475,000 Minors In Puerto Rico Live In Poverty About 475,000 minors live in poverty in Puerto Rico, according to figures from the 2015 Kids Count Data Book and the Puerto
The FBI agents tracked Gabriel Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez, Washington Post Reports Newly arrived in Manhattan with his wife and infant son, 33-year-old Gabriel Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez plunked down $200 for a month\u2019s
Son Of Mexican Cartel Leader 'El Chapo' Guzman Seems To Share Photo Of His Dad On Twitter A tweet may give Mexican authorities a clue about the whereabouts of the world\u2019s most wanted man. Jesus Alfredo Guzman, the
Clinton and Rubio Visit Puerto Rico, Lock Horns Over Financial Crisis SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) \u2014 Puerto Rico's financial crisis loomed over dueling Friday campaign appearances by Democrat Hillary
Young 'Jane the Virgin' Actress Tapped To Star In New Disney Channel Comedy In a move that may signal a step toward producing more programming aimed at Latino viewers, the Disney Channel has green
'Trump\u00e9alo' Mobile Game Allows Users To Hurl Stuff At Trump Now there's an app for that!
Hispanic Trump Supporter vs. CNN Panel \And I'm telling you as a Hispanic woman, who has known Donald Trump since 2004, he is not anti-Hispanic.\
Marco Rubio Says 'Minecraft' Can Prepare Kids For New Economy \If you play 'Minecraft,' you're basically writing code when you're converting a hammer into a pickax.\
Family Of Farmworker Fatally Shot By Cops Files $25 Million Lawsuit Officers who fired at the unarmed Mexican immigrant have not been charged.
Study Finds Immigrant Teens Are Less Likely to Commit Crimes Than Their U.S.-Born Peers In June, Donald Trump made headlines for saying Mexico was just sending the U.S. its \criminals and rapists,\ and since then
\u2018Star Wars Golden Globe winner Gina Rodriguez (\u201cJane the Virgin\u201d), Golden Globe nominee Tatiana Maslany(\u201cOrphan Black\u201d) and \u201cMe and
25-Year-Old Mayor Wanted for Running Her Town With WhatsApp Today in news\u00a0I never thought I'd write
Pope Expected To Champion Cause Of Immigrants During U.S. Visit The push for comprehensive immigration reform may get a boost from divine intervention. Pope Francis is scheduled to meet
Donald Trump Tries To Make Nice With U.S. Hispanic Chamber Of Commerce But the organization doesn't plan to stop boycotting his hotels.
Cuban Man Camps Out For Weeks Outside Dodger Stadium For A Tryout He hopes to follow Cuban players such as Yasiel Puig, who plays for the LA team.
Undocumented Immigrant Fights To Change 'Disgusting,' 'Unjust' Policies Aminta Menjivar volunteers at the Dilley detention center, where migrants are treated \like dogs.\
Want To Reduce Illegal Immigration? End The Drug War. The one way of stemming illegal immigration that Republicans aren't talking about.
Watch the Topless Women of New York Discuss Their Mission \u200bPosing topless in Times Square in New York City has been legal since 1992, and Mayor De Blasio and Governor Cuomo are currently
Latina Says Napa Valley Wine Train Threatened Her Group Too, Suggests 'A Pattern' The mostly black women from a book club who were kicked out of the Napa Valley Wine Train over the weekend were not the first
How Actress Sonia Manzano Brought A Latino Perspective To 'Sesame Street' \Why can't people of color just be as mediocre as everybody else and make a lot of money?\
Donald Trump Says He Won't Eat Oreos If They're Made In Mexico \I'm never eating Oreos again,\ Trump said.
8 Terms That Are Way Better Than The Slur \u2018Anchor Baby\u2019 \u201cDo you have a better term?\u201d Actually, we do.
Anti-Mexican Receipt At Mexican Restaurant Was Meant To Be Private Joke He said the receipt, which included the words \you f**king mexicans,\ should never have made it to a customer's table.
Latinos Don't Love Donald Trump The latest Gallup poll is bad news for the business mogul.
John Leguizamo Recites Romeo's Monologue As A Foul-Mouthed Criminal Ohhh, Romeo!
Border Patrol Presence At Buenas Vibras Latino Festival Sparks Controversy LAKE ELSINORE, Calif. (KABC) -- Some are questioning the actions of the U.S. Border Patrol after agents in official vehicles
Diane Guerrero Shares How She Stays Connected To Deported Family \u201cIt means I get to see my roots, I get to see where I came from. It reminds me of who I am.\u201d
Among Those Advising Obama On His Future Plans Actress Eva Longoria is offering her advice to President Barack Obama on what he should do after leaving office in January
Meet the Undocumented Immigrant Who Works In A Trump Hotel \It doesn\u2019t make me proud to go to work every day under his name.\
19 People Shot Dead In S\u00e3o Paulo 'Massacre' \Unfortunately massacres like this one in S\u00e3o Paulo have become part of the routine of violence in our cities.\
Police killings of Latinos spark less outrage than when victims are black ANAHEIM, California \u2014 On July 21, 2012, police here killed Manuel Angel Diaz, an unarmed, 25-year-old man, when he ran away
Latina Abuelas Will Go Crazy For This Sale On Mislabeled Food Containers Abuelas\u2019 refrigerators are like the witness protection program for food.
U.S. Judge Dismisses Copyright Infringement Case Against Shakira The cassette tape on which his claims were based is a fake.
Shakira Gets A 'Kick' Out Of Living With A Soccer Star File this under what NOT to do with a ball.
Detainess In Family Detention File $10M In Medical Neglect Claims Salvadoran woman with broken fingers says medical staff refused to treat her and guards insulted her.
911 Dispatcher Accused Of Hanging Up On Spanish-Speaking Callers Officials say a Massachusetts 911 dispatcher is under investigation for hanging up on several callers who did not speak English
9 Ways You're Failing At Life, According to Old School Latino Parents Your mami loves you. She just doesn\u2019t get you.
#QueridaKellyOsbourne Calls Star Out On Her Non-Apology To Latinos \u201cIn Spanish as well as Portuguese, \u2018querida\u2019 can be used with love or contempt, and I'd venture to say most people responded with the latter.\
Gina Rodriguez Has An Affair To Remember On \u2018Whose Line Is It Anyway?\u2019 Nothing says romance like nuts and bananas.
Donald Trump Is Doing The GOP No Favors Among Latinos, Says Poll Hispanics don\u2019t enjoy hearing him characterize Mexican migrants as \u201crapists.\u201d
Sofia Vergara Channels The Kid In All Of Us With Sweet Mustache Your sweet mustache is no rival for her cotton candy 'stache.
Robert Rodriguez Wrote 'From Dusk Till Dawn' Role For Demi Lovato \I threw out that we'd love to put her in somewhere.\
Chita Rivera To Young Performers \It's a pity, because they could be so much stronger because they're so gifted.\
Eva Longoria Shuts Down Journalist Who Accused Her Of 'Selling Out' The actress says she'd never endorse a product she didn't \authentically believe in.\
Latino College Students Read Emotional Letters Thanking Parents \u201cIn many ways, I am an extension of you and your values. As such, every single one of my accomplishments, is your accomplishment.\u201d
Watch Justin Bieber Throw A Fan The Quincea\u00f1era Of Her Dreams The Biebs' latest good deed will give you all the feels.
Telemundo Tackles 'Huge Obstacles' Immigrants Face In The U.S. \Part of what we explore in this story, is the huge obstacles these immigrants face once they are in the Promised Land.\
Bomba Est\u00e9reo Experiments With Explosive Dance Beats In 'Amanecer' Bomba Est\u00e9reo\u00a0built their sound by fusing together the folkloric and tropical sounds of their native Colombia with modern
Immigrant Youth Give Dianne Feinstein 'Donald Trump Award' It's not meant to be an honor.
Texas Denies Birth Certificates To U.S.-Born Children Of Undocumented Parents What Texas is doing is unconstitutional. It\u2019s also unconscionable.
Nobel Prize Winners Demand Better Health Care For Victims Of Sexual Violence In Colombia Six Nobel Prize winners, led by America's Jody Williams, wrote a letter supporting the action being taken by five organizations
McDonald's Musical Ad Targets Hispanics With Princess Of Bachata McDonald's\u00a0is putting on a showstopper to lure Hispanic customers into lovin' it. In a new ad for Spanish-language
Most US-Mexico Border Smugglers Are U.S. Citizens, Paper Finds PITTSBURGH (AP) \u2014 The smuggling of migrants across the U.S.-Mexico border relies heavily on American labor, the Pittsburgh
\u2018Jane The Virgin\u2019 Narrator Anthony Mendez On Getting The Show\u2019s Only Emmy Nomination \It\u2019s a bittersweet celebration here at the Mendez house.\
Latino Voters Dislike Donald Trump Even More Than Mitt Romney, Poll Shows The whole \rapists\ thing definitely didn't help his image.
'Boulevard' Star Roberto Aguire On Working With Robin Williams In Last Dramatic Role \The great thing about Robin is, after you had the chance to meet him, that\u2019s exactly who he was.\
Private Prison Company Forced Immigrants To Work For Free, Lawsuit Says When Alejandro Menocal got locked up in an immigrant detention center in Aurora, Colorado, last year, he volunteered to work
As Debt Crisis Looms, Puerto Ricans are Left Holding the Bag With a $72 billion dollar debt Puerto Rico's economy is on the verge of collapse. Now, the people of Puerto Rico -- who have been U.S. citizens since 1917 -- are left to dig themselves out of a hole the U.S. government and overzealous lenders helped create.
Mexican Laborer Demolishes Donald Trump's Bigotry In Just 1 Minute One minute; one seriously epic comeback.\u00a0 A Mexican laborer had a few choice words for Donald Trump in a video uploaded
A (Long Overdue) Letter to Donald Trump I don't want you to become my president. I am going to work against you in every way I humanly can. Here is why.
Trump Says California Shooting Vindicates Comments About Immigrants 
A Lesson I Learned in the Army Graduation came and MS S. was there in full Marine regalia, proud as hell. His son was graduating. He had lost some 40 pounds and was down so many sizes his father did not recognize him at first. He had become a soldier against all odds.
Shakira Celebrates Son's 5 Month Birthday With Adorable Photos 
Talking to Our Kids Despite the importance of sexual health, many Latino parents, often weighed down by outdated notions of shame and propriety, are failing to provide their sons and daughters with the information to make smart decisions about their sexual lives. The consequences of this silence are crippling.
To Latinos, Trump Is Bad Politics And Bad News Donald Trump has no one to blame but himself for the ongoing controversy. If he had shown a basic level of respect for Latinos, he would not be facing growing outrage in the Hispanic community. Maybe the title of his next book should be \How To Lose Friends and Deport People.\
This Program Is Empowering Young Latinas To Follow Their Dreams 
\u2018Magic Mike' Star Proposed To Sofia Vergara In Spanish, Adorably 
The problem with boycotting the Dominican Republic There is a cruel irony to boycotting Dominican tourism
Homenaje a Un Macho Mexicano As I approach my second Father's Day without him, I keep thinking of that father, quietly standing in the back, supporting his child in pursuing noble work and the American dream. Like my father, he had the bearing of a Macho Mexicano. Not the Mexican macho of our stereotypes -- the kind of Mexican macho that is a responsible, honorable and caring provider.
Laudato Si' Pope Francis' encyclical can help answer hundreds of years of prayers. I hope it can be both catalyst and unifying factor to energize a mass movement towards real work on healing the wounds of industrial development, overconsumption and greed.
This Is What Being A Latino Dad Means Today 
Let Us Learn to Unlearn Tongue clicking, Creole speaking, children-eating witch-doctors, Haitians were non-members of our society which we ought to avoid at all costs. With this in mind, my mom ran for fear of her life
Gina Rodriguez Just Gave Her Dad A Great Father's Day Gift 
The Error of Blaming the #Latino Community for Celebrities' Flops You can't conflate entertainment with charity or support. It's disingenuous to blame the community for our flopped ventures.
Hunger Strike At Arizona Detention Center After Immigrant's Mysterious Death 
Philadelphia Neighborhood Looks To Immigrant Entrepreneurs For Economic Rebirth 
To Fulfill Their Rights If we are to achieve true equality as President Johnson envisioned half a century ago, then we must ensure that students from low-income communities are given the necessary resources and supports. For the civil rights community, accountability must be at the forefront of our actions.
College Educated Latinos Recently, the Pew Hispanic Center shared 5 Facts about Latinos and Education. One of the most interesting aspect of these trends is the progress in the number of Latinos enrolling in postsecondary education.
Latinovators Amid the national conversation about the US Latino community, the Aspen Institute Latinos and Society Program recently hosted a Latinos and Society Inaugural Summit featuring conversations with Latino leaders on innovation.
Writing to Heal in the Bronx All we need to do, to forget it all for a little while, is to sit and write a letter to a dearly departed relative, to tell them the things we never had a chance to tell them. Or to draw something for them.
Immigration Victory In Nebraska Deals Another Blow to GOP Because of their inability to let this issue go, and their willingness to continue to demonstrate that immigration will be the defining issue of 2016, Republicans have resorted -- once again -- to stall the inevitable.
Online Learning While the debate still remains open about the level of quality that the sector is capable of delivering, it is offering a valid alternative for working adults or marginalized students who would otherwise receive little or no education.
\u00a1Que vivan los amos de casa! As\u00ed como les sucede a muchas mam\u00e1s, es natural que en alg\u00fan momento el pap\u00e1 sienta la necesidad de salir de la casa a generar ingresos. Quedarse en casa de por s\u00ed es un gran compromiso de parte de los pap\u00e1s.
Zoe Saldana Questions Why White Actors Have Played Characters Of Color For Decades 
Sof\u00eda Vergara Wants To Have A Baby With Fiance Joe Manganiello \u2018Like, Now' 
Haunting Photo Series Humanizes Los Angeles' Homeless With Close And Personal Portraits 
Two Shots Fired (Los Disparos) One of the more enjoyably offbeat features at last year's New York Film Festival that is only now seeing the light of day is Martin Rejtman's Two Shots Fired. This comic offering showcases Argentina as a land plagued by emotional neutrality. No smiles. No Howard Beale outbursts. No fidgety tots and no Lotharios aquiver.
Puerto Rico's Massive Anti-Austerity Protests Ignored By U.S. Mainland Media 
Are Small Presses the Best Choice for Latino Writers? Recently, I wrote about the dismal publishing scene for Latino authors. Well, I was remiss in at least one aspect. I implied that Hispanic writers are limited only to pitching the big New York publishing houses or jumping into the self-publishing quagmire. There is another option.
How First- and Second-Generation Hispanics Can Help Each Other They are not wrought with the insecurities and self-doubt this nation shoves down the throats of those born and raised here at every turn they take. The negative signals come in the form of overt and covert cultural racism.
Hillary and Undocumented Immigrants While there was much said, and most of it was the safe sort of \hard-working immigrant\ rhetoric that is essentially \political fluff,\ considering where we are in the very long 2016 race, she did say a lot of things that turn into political liabilities if not acted upon.
Mark Halperin Apologizes After Demanding Ted Cruz Speak Spanish Halperin seemed particularly concerned with Cruz's background in an interview for the show \With All Due Respect,\ repeatedly questioning Cruz about his Cuban heritage and asking him to welcome a challenger to the 2016 race \un espa\u00f1ol.\
#ILoveMyMamiBecause Shows Us The Love And Strength Of Latina Moms 
Detained Mothers Ask Obama To Free Them 
BBQ Joint Offers White People A Discount, To Fight Racism 
Why Latinos Should Speak Up for Black Lives It's time that we, as Latinos, boldly speak out in support of justice.  If we are to truly deal with racism in America impacting Latinos, we need to understand what is happening right now with Black America.
From Mathematician to the Presidency of Colombia In 1999, when I was a war correspondent in Colombia, I was in Medellin covering the famous Flower Festival for RCN Networks. During the day the news focused on positive culture, associating the city with flowers, folklore, and music.
If DACA Works, Why Not Implement DAPA? DAPA would provide opportunities for millions of skilled immigrants to work in fields where they can earn and contribute more. If DACA recipients have demonstrated in just three years what this program can do for communities like Raleigh, perhaps it's time to consider something more stable.
The 2015 Latin Billboard Awards Red Carpet Was Sequined, Colorful And Ruffled All Over 
Cuban And American Musicians Team Up To Recreate Incredible Moment In Music History 
The Latino MVP Winners Are... The results are finally out for the prestigious Latino MVP awards, now celebrating their 25th year in existence. The award is considered the most prestigious award given to Latino Baseball Players and voted on by members of the Latino Sports Writers and Broadcasters Association (LSWBA).
The Magic of Thinking Big \Technology has the power to drive equity, but it can also widen the lead of those who have an advantage. If the technology revolution only happens for families who have money - I don't think it's a revolution.\
'Mexico Is Doing the Dirty Work' On Tuesday, 24 members of the Viacrucis were arrested in Queretaro, a city just outside of Mexico City. It appears that the injunction -- far from guaranteeing their safety -- was little more than a brief reprieve from the aggressive tactics of the Frontera Sur regime.
As We Celebrate National Minority Health Month, Let's Challenge Stigma and Shame Latinos in the U.S. have important health care needs that we must make visible, and in April we have the perfect opportunity.  This month, let's look together at the advancements as well as the ongoing reproductive health care needs of Latinos in the U.S.
Bulk of Chicano and Latino Populations Critical of Sen. Rubio's Run for Presidency Republicans have long forgotten that the GOP has, indeed, supported immigration amnesty for years under the Cuban Adjustment Act (CAA), while damning Mexicans and other Latino immigrants who do not receive Cuban amnesty.
The Economic Impact of Latino Workers In order to support investments in education, infrastructure, health care, and many other areas that millions of Americans rely on, everybody must contribute financially through the tax system. Luckily for this country, Latinos are a tremendous asset thanks to their commitment to paying their fair share of taxes.
Bed Quota Fuels 'Inhumane' And 'Unnecessary' Immigrant Detention 
Zoe Saldana Opens Up On Facebook About Post-Birth Difficulties 
Bridging the Cultural Divide Through Mexican-Inspired Cuisine 
Open Letter to Sen. Rafael (Ted) Cruz Senator, we may not always see eye-to-eye when it comes to policy, but we do know that your words always ring with a sense of urgency and passion.  Now how about taking that same fiery fervor and championing causes that truly empower the Latino community?
Freedom to Discriminate In 1942, with the United States newly entered into the Second World War, the Lonestar Restaurant Association in Texas printed flyers for its members to paste on their windows that read
A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing The election of Patty Lopez was noteworthy to many because she beat a sitting, well-financed incumbent in a David and Goliath-esque battle. But as the dust has settled, many have begun to realize Ms. Lopez is not the \breath of fresh air\ she was thought to be.
Father Of Student Attacked By Police 
A Way of Life I recently had the opportunity to speak with Juan Palma, a warm, friendly and highly respected leader in managing public lands, who retired last month after five years as the State Director of the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in Utah.
Arizona Professor Received A Bunch Of Threatening Emails After Fox News Segment About His Class 
Six Months After Student Massacre in Mexico, Global Outrage Fades, But Political Crisis Intensifies Six months after Ayotzinapa, the haze of protest fever has cleared, and the long, difficult road to change has come into focus. The pragmatic questions Mexico must ask itself in order to arrive there are ugly. But--short of a revolution--this strategic approach is the only way for Mexico to generate change from below, giving voice at last to the many victims of its ongoing violence.
Latino Family Values No Match for Cold, Hard Cash In the realm of simplistic nonsense, few ideas are more insidious than the claim that you don't need money if you just, well, love each other a whole lot. This sentiment ignores the overwhelming financial stresses that clobber poor people every day.
Latinos Can Honor the 43 Missing Mexican Students by Calling for 'No More Drug War' Latinos have been paying dearly, sometimes with their own lives, for American prohibition without having a seat at the policy making table.
Mujeres L\u00edderes As we celebrate Women's History Month, we must acknowledge the great strides that women have achieved in politics. But if we are ever going to build Latina political power, Latina leaders need the same political encouragement and support that men oftentimes take for granted.
Barcelona Museum Features Sculpture Of Former King Getting Sodomized 
Those Guys Getting Picketed For Demolishing A Pi\u00f1ata Store Run A PR Firm 
MLB Wants To Play In Cuba For First Time Since 1999 
Bigotry Hits US-Born Latino Teens Harder than Immigrant Teens If it sucks to be an adolescent, it sucks more to be an immigrant teenager in a new country. Take all the angst that faces every teen, then add language barriers, cultural confusion, discrimination, and general discombobulation. It's not pretty, is it?
The Case of the Missing Latina/o Shark My disappointment with Shark Tank?  Latina entrepreneurs are seriously underrepresented. In fact, I have yet to watch an episode where a Latina entrepreneur is pitching.   This is a problem.
Gentrified Brooklyn Is Not My Brooklyn These days, when I go back to Bushwick what I remember isn't what is. The corriente that ran through the neighborhood is gone. There's no Jerry Rivera blasting from passing cars. La do\u00f1a who never left her spot at the window of her second floor apartment on Grove Street, is gone.
Minority Status Does Not Exempt Us From Blind Spots We can be romantically involved with, or be children to or parents of people of color, and experience moments of prejudice, and yes, racism. We can have mothers and sisters and wives and daughters -- we can be women -- and fall into sexist patterns of thought and action.
Employment for Latinos Comes Back to Life While Latinos have made significant strides in some industries that pay above average wages such as construction, Latinos still hold the highest concentration of workers in the lowest-paying industry -- services occupations.
The Latino Victory Project Still Undecided On Hispanic Candidate Attracting National Attention In Chicago 
First Direct Flight From New Orleans To Cuba Since 1958 To Take Off This Weekend 
Another Kind of DREAMER Undocumented immigrant youth have been at the forefront of the Undocumented, Unafraid and Unapologetic Movement. At the inception of this movement, however, were undocumented parents, fighting the hard fight, regardless if anyone was listening.
DAPA Would Lift 40,000 California Children Out Of Poverty 
Free Resources to Teach Students About Cesar Chavez Day in March Although there are countless parks, streets, libraries, schools and other public places named in his honor across the nation, many students know little about Cesar Chavez. On his March 31 birthday, a number of states will observe Cesar Chavez Day as a tribute to his commitment to social justice.
Chilean Invasion at #NYFW Anna Wintour described the strongest collections of the season as those with a direct point of view -- a show whose \girl\ was clearly distinguished through a consistent and powerful aesthetic that could be confused with no other. Enter
Protecting Our Environment Is a Matter of Life or Death Many Latino neighborhoods continue to be disproportionately affected by poor air quality. Here in L.A. County, we are in the top quarter of the state that is adversely impacted by air pollution. We have to build coalitions to work with our Latino leaders in the state capitol to stand up for communities that need clean air.
Dances With Mexicans, Disney's McFarland, U.S.A. Latino directors should not have to tell stories about people from their own community or country of origin exclusively, but given the scarcity of films that feature prominent Latino characters, the opportunity to do so feels like a missed one.
International Women's Day Means More Than Looking Beyond -- It Means Looking Below It's Women's History Month, and Sunday we will celebrate International Women's Day. It's the time of year where we remember women and all our accomplishments, our struggles, our fierceness and our gains. The time of year where women in corporate settings are honored.
U.S. Police Killings Of Unarmed Mexican Men Enrage Latino Community 
The Great Mujica Mujica projected, from his presidential perch, the wildly innocent virtue of Uruguay itself -- and magnified it. If Uruguay as a country is part exile, part refuge, Mujica made the country more the latter. One thing is certain, the world will remember Mujica -- the president, the person.
America Ferrera Takes Hollywood's Lack Of Diversity \u2018Extremely Personally' 
A Marriage of Two Languages I am Mexican, and I am also American. I am a hybrid. It has taken me a long time to accept that this is ok. I do not have to fall under the pressure of having to choose one over the other, nor do I have to fall under the negative stigmatization that to claim both is wrong.
Hollywood's Diversity Problem Starts At The Top, UCLA Report Finds 
Stateless and Silenced Racism has long since been an issue in the region. When I was living in a Haitian settlement a few years ago, I saw daily examples of discrimination against Dominicans of Haitian descent, who are recognized for having darker skin than other Dominicans.
What's Really Wrong With Bill O'Reilly's El Salvador Reporting 
DAPA-Eligible Immigrants Face Threat Of Deportation, Advocates Say 
Dear Patricia Arquette, Who 'Fought' For Us At the very least, you can make a movie next year about white women and gender inequality and have the Oscars rally around you. It is never the same for gay people and people of color, as evidenced by the lack of color in this year's Oscar movies.
\u2018McFarland, USA' Director On Why She Avoided Making A \u2018White Savior Movie' 
I Go Red for Mis Abuelas Five years ago I became a national volunteer spokesperson for the American Heart Association's Go Red for Women campaign. To this day, many people ask me why I support this cause and not others. The answer is that I carry this cause in my heart.
Do Latino Businesses Pander to White Customers? Now, the waiters and waitresses for our area were dressed casually, in jeans and polo shirts. The wait staff for the private party, however, was dressed, well, more colorfully.
With Immigration Injunction, Texas Judge Condemns Millions to Continued Life in the Shadows With his last-minute decision, Judge Hanen has blocked nearly 5 million aspiring Americans from getting right with the law, working and paying taxes, and living free from the constant fear of deportation and separation from their families.
'Investing' in Whiteness I shouldn't have to have backlash for wanting to dye my hair another color. But I shouldn't have to dye my hair another color to have something that's my own.
The Comey Speech Misses the \u00d1 Director Comey said many important things about life in today's America.  But he said not a word about the country's largest racial/ethnic minority.
Hundreds Protest Fatal Police Shooting In Washington 
The Real Threat To Democracy The real threat to democracy is not voter fraud. It is, rather, those who would suppress the votes of millions of U.S. citizens in the name of \preventing\ it.
Latinos Choose the West for Environment, Fight for Protection Because of Passion For many, economic opportunities like employment or cost of living can have significant bearing on where we choose to live. But, the results of the new Colorado College State of the Rockies Project Conservation in the West Poll tell a different story.
MISSING Juanes performed at the 2015 Grammy Awards. And, get this -- he sang in Spanish! While many were excited, I couldn't help but wonder
These Pictures Prove Brazil's Legacy Of Slavery Is Not A Thing Of The Past 
Sometimes, It Takes a President I am also remembering my moment with Mom and C\u00e9sar Ch\u00e1vez for another reason
Thousands Of Dominicans Woke Up This Week Without Citizenship In Any Country 
President's Call for Action on Inequality Rings Urgently for Latinos Of the various domestic policy prescriptions of President Obama's 2015 State of the Union address, one message stood out clearly
Oscar Isaac On His 'Powerful, Flawed' Latino Character In 'A Most Violent Year' 
Advocates Rally Around Transgender Migrant Woman Detained In All-Male Facility 
Scholars To Fox News 
The Promise of the Affordable Care Act Must Reach All Communities Since the Affordable Care Act (ACA) was signed into law, more than 15 million Americans have received some type of health coverage. This open enrollment period alone has seen almost 7 million new sign-ups. Still, there are many more to reach, especially in the Latino community, where one in four remains uninsured.
'Jane The Virgin' Pauses Mid-Episode To Drive Home The Need For Immigration Reform 
The U.S. Should Give Guant\u00e1namo Back To Cuba, Its Rightful Owner Most human rights advocates would agree that jailing people indefinitely without trial, at times in solitary confinement or other harsh conditions, is hard to justify. The biggest problem with Obama's call to close the military prison at Gitmo is that it doesn't go far enough.
Meet The Latina Miss Universe Candidates 
Migration From Cuba Surges Amid Rumors Of End To \u2018Wet Foot, Dry Foot' Policy 
New Arizona Republican Governor Begins Legacy Tying Immigration Test To Educational System According to the Associated Press, \Arizona became the first state in the nation on Thursday to enact a law requiring high school students to pass the U.S. Immigration citizenship test on civics before graduation.\
Political Leadership Is Central to Successful Education Reform 
Sign Up for Affordable Health Insurance Today In fact, Latinos are the ethnic group that is least likely to have health insurance. Without health insurance, it can be hard to afford even basic preventive health care like check-ups. We can do better for the ones we love, and the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare, can help.
The Spirit of Selma As the film Selma screens nationwide to critical acclaim, police from Clarke County arrested nine students on Friday evening in Athens, Georgia, for organizing the first \integrated classroom\ for both undocumented and documented youth at the University of Georgia.
2016 Before the ink was dry on the 2014-midterm election results, talk shifted to 2016. For the first time in eight years, both parties will be nominating fresh representatives who will attempt to sell their vision to an electorate largely disenchanted with both Democrats and Republicans.
Teaching Hip Hop Illegally Promotes Ethnic Solidarity, Arizona Official Says 
Experts Weigh In 2014 was a decidedly tumultuous year for Latinos, filled with gripping stories, protests, and major letdowns -- among other things, the dip in Latino voter turnout and the congressional inaction on immigration legislation. Along with these we also saw considerable gains, for example, in terms of college enrollment numbers, the number of Latino Congress members, as well as a little light at the end of the tunnel for U.S.-Cuba diplomatic relations.
The House on Mango Street Goes to Trial Mayra Arce even resembles Esperanza, the protagonist in The House on Mango Street, one of the 80-plus books that were part of the Tucson Unified School District's K-12 Mexican-American studies curriculum before the program was dismantled under Arizona House Bill 2281. But Maya isn't the main character of a book. She's the main plaintiff in the lawsuit against Arizona.
The Worst Commentary About Latinos In 2014 
Obama Corrects a Historic Mistake By re-establishing diplomatic relations, the U.S. will finally recognize the Cuban government as the sovereign representative of their state. Gone is the myth -- promoted by anti-normalization exiles and the internal opposition -- of a hijacked sovereignty that the United States should not respect.
Ankore Ankore roams the streets at night, looking for a wall to paint. During the day, he's a soft spoken, earnest guy from Central America who works in a factory for minimum wage; when the sun sets, he finds a wall and begins to passionately paint.
6 Reasons Having A Latino Pope Has Made A Difference 
Nautical Stripes Help Puerto Rican Culture Sail Off the Island While viewing the fantastic and seemingly-endless Jean Paul Gaultier special exhibition at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, Australia in October; my mind traveled back to Puerto Rico.
Damning Report Claims Mexican Federal Police Participated In Disappearance Of 43 Students 
Colombia Is Not Mexico Colombians have mostly abandoned stories of drug lords and their escapades, of good guys against bad guys, and traded them for a more sober and conscious approach. They know that violence is not always an end in itself but the reflection of systemic problems. Without adjectives, without qualifications, Colombia is indeed not Mexico.
How My Latino Family Does Christmas Differently La Navidad for Latinos is not solely a child-centered occasion designed to shock and awe all the senses. Like the entirety of Latino cultures, Christmas celebrations are rooted in family.
U.S. Is Deporting People Who Could Legally Stay Here 
Chespirito Dead At 85 
The Country is Watching, Waiting The time to act on immigration is now and not just because the President is taking executive action. The time is now because, today, there are still millions of families living in fear, there are still billions of dollars in tax revenue to be able to be contributed.
Here's Why Immigration Advocates Are Pressing So Hard For Executive Action 
American Latinas We must not allow our currently dismal under-representation in corporate and political life to weaken our resolve, for the indicators are moving in the right direction and clearly point to opportunities unimaginable just a few generations ago.
Midterm Lesson for Democrats Having pulled the rug out from under the Hispanic community on executive action, Democrats did a moribund job of mobilizing Latino voters. According to an election eve poll, less than a quarter of Latinos who voted in the midterms say they were contacted by Democrats this election cycle.
Some Initial Thoughts on Flama and Latino Rebels' Rebel Report Univision strikes again! First they create Flama, an online comedy network targeted at Hispanic millennials. Then Latino Rebels added \executive producer\ to their growing list of roles in Latino media by joining forces with Flama to create Rebel Report. The show has the potential to be a shorter, browner Last Week Tonight With John Oliver.
Students Protest University's Handling Of Board Member's Alleged Anti-Latina Comments 
Where Are The Highest Heels In The U.S. Worn? Not New York 
Almost 80 Percent Of Latinos Elected To State Legislatures Are Democrats 
Salma Hayek Says She's Not A Feminist Before Receiving Women's Equality Award 
Taking Anti-Immigrant Fervor Too Far What's the matter with Kansas? A decade ago, a best-selling book of that title examined how Kansas veered rightward after a long history as a left-wing hotbed. It looks like Kansas may be shifting course again.
Women's Group Demands Investigation Into Rape Allegations At Detention Center 
Dia de los Muertos Below are three reasons why Latinos should vote for elected officials who support ending prohibition, and why we should vote to end prohibition in Oregon, Washington D.C., and Alaska.
Leave No Votes on the Table When your political future rests on the balance of less than one percent of the voters, you would be foolish not to engage with the small but highly-motivated Latino electorate in your state.
Ann Coulter To GOP 
U.S. Politicians' 'Hispandering' Cannot Make Up for Countless Failures to Latinos Watching politicians make speeches honoring Latinos' contributions to our economy and history feels ever more hollow when their policies barely recognize the humanity of so many other Latinos living without papers or seeking asylum in the United States.
Ensuring the Voices of Government Reflect the People They Represent This is not just about electing black and Latino leaders to local, state and national office, but also holding those leaders accountable -- setting an agenda and building the type of power to ensure policies and laws reflect our values and needs.
The Best And Worst Of The ALMA Awards Red Carpet 
Eva Longoria's Many Wardrobe Changes At The 2014 ALMA Awards 
The Accidental Immigration Advocate As Giancarlo started to plan for college, he asked his mother what he should put on the applications when they asked for his social security number. She told him that he couldn't put anything down, and that he might not be able to go to college at all.
Carlos Vives Makes A Four-Year-Old Cancer Patient's Dream Come True 
Cuban Migrants Adrift At Sea Drank Own Blood And Urine To Stay Alive 
In NC Senate Race, Candidates Must Deliver on the Issues That Matter to Latino Voters Three percentage points. That's how close the race for North Carolina's Senate seat is, according to recent polling. A key electorate that is small but highly issue-driven, and one that both Tillis and Hagan would do well to court, are North Carolina's Latino voters.
Bringing Down the Barriers for a Better Education in Arizona If we want to deconstruct the walls and instead build opportunities, then we must elect a state superintendent with the ability to recognize and address the specific needs of all students, including our minority and first-generation college students.
J Balv\u00edn Talks Latin Grammy Nominations And His Next Big Dream 
Hypocrisy and The Right to Travel to Cuba The case of staffers for Senator Rubio and Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen travelling to China on a trip hosted by the Chinese communist party-state is a painful example of hypocrisy.
It's Undemocratic For Obama To Delay Deportation Relief, Whether Or Not You Support Reform Obama is backing away from a policy he says he will enact anyway, and he's telling voters openly that he's timing it for political reasons. If he's behind the policy, he should enact it and let the voters decide.
Light-Skinned Latinos Tend To Vote More Republican 
Don Omar Arrested Over Alleged Domestic Violence 
Salma Hayek Talks \u2018Ugly Betty' Reunion 
What Does It Mean to Be Latino? Everyone Brandishes the Term, but There Are Many Meanings and Interpretations When we say \Latino\ or \Hispanic,\ are we referring to the first-, second-, third-, or fourth-generation Latino? The baby boomer, generation X, or millennial Latino? The English-, Spanish-, or Spanglish-dominant Hispanic? The Peruvian immigrant or the Honduran American born in Wichita?  Or any of the other hyphenated Latinos coming from 27 different national heritages?
The Cubans of 9/11 Born in Matanzas in 1961, George Merino emigrated with his family when he was only 7 and settled in New York. He lived in Bayside, Queens, and was a securities analyst at Fiduciary Trust, located in the World Trade Center.
Let's Have an Honest Discussion About Latino Equality True equality is a fleeting concept in today's media environment. As a Puerto Rican, I am reminded of this daily. We're quick to preach about diversity, but do little to actually live it. As a culture, we can do without othering from within.
Loving Couples Forced to Make Impossible Choices Too many American citizens are having their families torn apart without hope for a better future.
Hanging in the Balance Too many children and families live in fear of losing their loved ones because of our broken immigration system.
The Other Guy Behind The Mexican-American Studies Ban Lost His Primary Too 
Afro-Brazilians Demand Slavery Reparations Because 'Poverty Has A Color' 
11 Quotes To Remember Jorge Luis Borges On His Birthday 
A Caricature of a Cuban Woman Women are the sector of the population that has the most reason to shout their displeasure. Because half a century after the founding of the caricature of an organization that is the Federation of Cuban Women, we are neither more free, nor more powerful, nor even more independent.
Honduras Among adults and great leaders, a modicum of silence is among the strongest attributes, because it suggests that there is more than just talk to the individual. Boy do we Hondurans love to talk.
The Breaking 'Cartgate' Scandal in Honduras The admission this week by former Minister of the Presidency Enrique Flores Lanza that he did authorize the withdrawals of Lps 50 million ($2.5 million) from the Central Bank of Honduras in the days just prior to the overthrow of President Manuel Zelaya on June 28, 2009 has created a firestorm in Honduras.
It's Blackout Season Again in Honduras As if it didn't have enough problems already, Honduras is having to endure a severe shortage of electricity, which has caused the National Electric Power Company (ENEE) to begin rationing power.
MSNBC Head Pledges To Boost Diversity After Cinco De Mayo Disaster 
Texas Teachers Aren't Waiting for Permission Everything changes in a Texas minute. The same week in July that the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE) sabotaged Ethnic Studies textbooks-saying they would be too expensive, Governor Rick Perry pledged $144 million to send the National Guard to the Texas border.
Obama Says He Wants to Cut the 'Stupid Sh-t'? Start with Bad Cuba Policy President Obama drew attention earlier this summer for reportedly describing his policy doctrine to reporters with four simple words.  Now it's time to see how serious the president is about adhering to this principle.
A Market Approach to Immigration With no reform in sight for our broken immigration system, the president of the United States should focus on addressing the market forces that contribute to this tragedy.
Immigration Benefits for Sons and Daughters of New Permanent Residents The U.S. Supreme Court recently restricted the use of the Child Status Protection Act so that certain children who turned 21 before their parent received a green card would have to go to the back of the line and start their wait all over again!
This Is How We Know DACA Didn't Cause The Border Crisis 
Calle 13 Explores The Power Of A Kiss 
American Latinos A critical goal of our original mission is also being fulfilled as a new generation of accomplished Latino leaders is already taking its rightful place and moving forward with unstoppable energy and speed; an envisioned future that is already here.
An Heir to the Chilean Presidency There are few female politicians of prominence within Chile, and yet Isabel Allende Bussi has found herself in the country's most powerful political position second only to President Michelle Bachelet.
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador Governments Must Reassess Their Priorities For there to be real progress, there must be a real focus on the issues that matter. It's time for the governments of Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras to assume responsibility, look introspectively, clean up and strengthen their institutions to stop the exodus.
192 Arrested In Human Trafficking Crackdown 
Does Big Oil Really Care About Vulnerable Communities? Do oil companies really care about vulnerable populations like low income people and communities of color? Could it be that they are using these families as a smokescreen for killing environmental protections and protecting their profits?
Kristina Guerrero Says Goodbye to E! News After 6 Years (EXCLUSIVE) The first-ever Latina host of \E! News\ -- and the woman who has been putting Latino stories front and center on the popular entertainment news show -- is leaving E! after six years.
Gothic Summer The new video for \Gothic Summer,\ takes you on a noir journey to the cemetery gates as you enter in a vintage Ford or Chevrolet pick-up as it slams onto the concrete of the underground.
Activists Ask New York Mayor To Stop Detaining Immigrants For ICE 
Latam's Online Voice, Louder During 2014 World Cup The 2014 Brazil World Cup has just come to a close -- the very first world cup in history to be part of the real-time era.  Football (\el f\u00fat\) is of course huge in Latin America, and we're not surprised that it's especially big on social media.
9 Jokes That Will Make You Love Gabriel Iglesias Even More 
World Cup Photo Dairy 
These Pablo Neruda Quotes Taught Us About Love And Life 
Is Brazil Safe for the Final World Cup Game? Following the Brazil's loss, over 20 buses were set on fire in the largest city of S\u00e3o Paulo. Police had to tear gas fans in other cities, and several robberies of factories and places of business were committed, but the television only reported on these incidents for a few seconds. How is this possible?
How Mexico Plans to Boost Its GDP by 2 Percent Per Year After intense wrangling and years of collusion with its powerful business interests, Mexico's government finally mustered the political will to take meaningful steps towards adopting modern anti-monopoly practices.
Exploring 'Loisaida' And Latino Culture In NYC 
USA Today Columnist Has A Terrible Idea For How To Deal With Child Migrants 
World Cup Photo Diary With the World Cup coming to an end next weekend it felt strange not to have a game to watch. This Sunday morning we headed for Barra, the beach town about one hour from Rio, which many people here call Miami Beach.
World Cup Photo Diary 
Reclaiming 'USA!, USA! USA!' from the Bigots in Murrieta However you feel about the immigration issue, the sight of angry protesters in Murrieta, California shouting invectives to a busload of children and their moms has to make you queasy.
World Cup Fervor Shows How USA Has Assimilated to Immigrant Cultures After nearly a century of fierce and condescending resistance, mainstream American culture has caught World Cup fever and is now just as infected as the rest of the world.
Uruguay President Rages Against FIFA 'Sons Of B*#@hes' 
Google Comes to Havana! Have you ever tried to explain Google to someone who doesn't know what it is?
Voto Latino Co-Founder Says Latino Presidential Candidate \u2018Is Still In The Making' 
Retaining Our Culinary Heritage While Eating Healthy With Ronaldo's Cocina 
Rosario Dawson Goes From Sinful To Devilish 
The Urgent Humanitarian Crisis Doesn't Begin or End at the Border While there is no doubt that seeing children in such conditions is distressing, the public concern for the children's well-being is revealing itself to be deeply mixed with anxiety regarding the presence of Latino immigrants in the US.
Secrets of Power 
The Books That Could Set Off A Metal Detector 
El Tri, Gay Slurs and 'Good Intentions' In many countries the use of racist words were once also defended as \cultural.\ But people of different ethnicities and religions said \no more.\ With the World Cup in effect, now is the time to act.
These Are The Real Reasons Behind Our Humanitarian Crisis At The Border 
Blame Cantor, Not Immigration Not so fast. Cantor didn't lose because he supported immigration reform. Cantor lost because of his inaction on immigration reform, plus several strategic errors. His defeat can teach the Republican Party a good lesson -- if it's willing to face facts.
Hundreds of Toddlers Said to Be Taken Into Custody at the Border 
Marijuana Although the media does not talk about it, it doesn't need advertising to be popular. It is smelled at parties, seen in the air at some public concerts, and detected in the half-closed eyes of more than a few who appear on national television itself.
Flexing Our Political and Financial Muscle The 2012 presidential election marked a milestone for Latino political participation. Latinos turned out in record numbers and flexed their financial muscle. Through the Futuro Fund, Latino donors became deeply engaged in a presidential election for the first time.
Why Miss USA Refused To Take This \u2018Crazy' Piece Of Advice 
Don't Blame Central American Newspapers For Influx Of Undocumented Children 
Latinos and the 2014 Elections This November, Americans will choose governors in 36 states, elect the entire U.S. House of Representatives and one-third of the U.S. Senate, select a great majority of their state legislators, and decide who will represent them in hundreds of local elections.
The Ultimate Guide To Throwing A Party For The Big Game (PLAYLIST) 
Not Against All Cuba Sanctions, Just Dumb Cuba Sanctions Forget about \leading from behind.\ When it comes to Cuba, we are simply behind.
Puerto Rico Appoints First Openly Gay Justice to Supreme Court On June 4, 2014, Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla announced the appointment of Maite Oronoz, Puerto Rico's first openly gay Associate Justice appointed to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico, the island's top court.
Cold Kisses Under A Tropical Sun 
My Conversation With Jersey Vargas Vargas has just announced to me that that she will head to our nation's capital on June 16th for a week to plead the case for comprehensive immigration reform.
Calle 13 Honored By NYC As Band Demands Political Prisoner's Release 
These Images Show #WhatLatinosLookLike 
Latino-Filipino Solidarity That Won the Delano Grape Strike Is Behind the 40th Anniversary of the Agbayani Village The Manongs are all gone now. But hundreds will gather on June 21 near Delano to mark four decades since the Agbayani Village was dedicated and to recognize the volunteers who helped build it.
Here's An Immigrant Imprisonment Program That Obama Could Stop Without Congress 
Do Latin@s Have Better Sex? Are We Even Allowed to Ask That? We have to stop being scared to talk to each other frankly about how our cultures do sex differently and why. And if we're not prepared to get our feelings hurt or our intentions misunderstood in the process, I fear we'll miss out on each other's insights.
Nuestra Palabra 
Woman With Leukemia Finds Dad Through Facebook, But She May Get More Than Just A Reunion 
Former U.S. Treasurer Explains Why Latinos Would Vote For A GOP Candidate 
Neymar And Gisele B\u00fcndchen Are The 'Dream Team' 
The Other A-Lister She's golden at the box office, so why does Hollywood's little golden guy continue to elude Cameron Diaz?
A Cuban Insult 
Modern Mujer Sending social media feeds in a fashionable frenzy; Flor de Maria Rivera continues to deliver her trendy spin on modern attire. Mixing affordable apparel with high end fashion, she inspires her fans to mix and match existing pieces with bold, colorful accessories.
My Letter To Michelle Obama We have many things in common, however, there is a major difference between us
PHOTOS 
When This Teacher's Ethnic Studies Classes Were Banned, His Students Took The District To Court 
LOOK 
Are Deportations Rising or Falling? A Focus on the People Affected Although clear and correct statistics are no doubt useful in painting a picture, we must ask how much they matter. What is clear from these statistics is that people are being deported, and families and communities are suffering. With that in mind, isn't any number too high?
When I Chose to Stop Feeling Small No woman in my family had ever been this tall, and I wasn't prepared to live life as a tall Latina. My mother told me to stand out in life and avoid just being one more in the crowd. So I did what she said, and I put on my new size 11 shoes for the first time with a smile.
More Latino Than White Students Admitted To UC 
Living and Breathing Gabriel Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez Thirty years ago I lived Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez. Maybe I need 70 more years to get to know the solitude.
