Jake Tapper Shreds Donald Trump With A Long List Of His Conspiracy Theories \I could go on, but this is just an hour show.\
New York Daily News Rips NFL Over Anthem Kneeling Ban \NFL DISHONORS THE FLAG\
'60 Minutes' Reporter Reveals Trump's Chilling Reason For Slamming The Press Lesley Stahl said Trump admitted that he attacks journalists so \no one will believe\ them.
David Hogg Calls On Media To Stop Naming Santa Fe School Shooter \We make these sick people known worldwide for their horrifying acts, let\u2019s stop that.\
Hannity Flips Out \Mueller is causing irreparable damage to the rule of law in this country.\u201d
Fox News' First Female CEO Was Named In Sexual Harassment Complaints Suzanne Scott, a Fox News lifer, has been accused of helping foster a toxic workplace for women at the cable network.
Fox News Said To Settle Group Of Discrimination Lawsuits For About $10 Million A New York Times report detailed the agreement the network reached with multiple plaintiffs, including anchor Kelly Wright.
Fox News Judicial Analyst Defends Timeline Of Mueller's Probe \u201cBob Mueller has no duty to tip his hand and show his cards until the end of his investigation,\ Andrew Napolitano said.
'DADDY'S LITTLE GHOUL' The tabloid said the first daughter was \all smiles\ as protesters died in Gaza.
Huge Congrats To Fox News On Getting Guest Journos To Peddle Bret Baier\u2019s Book Who's falling in line for Fox News?
Fox News Host Jeanine Pirro also compared Trump to King Cyrus.
Fox Cuts Ties With Guest Who Cited John McCain To Defend Torture Tom McInerney previously has promoted the birther conspiracy theory against President Barack Obama.
Michael Avenatti Warns Michael Cohen \u201cWe\u2019ve got emails, we\u2019ve got text messages, we\u2019ve got other financial information.\
'Fox & Friends' Host Mocks NY Times' ISIS Coverage, Unaware It Beat Fox To The Story Whoops.
'A LITTLE EXTORTION-Y'...This Guy Figured Out What Stormy Daniels' Old Lawyer ACTUALLY DOES \u2014 And It's Not Pretty! How sex-scandal lawyer Keith Davidson works the Hollywood tabloid racket and muscles journalists.
Fox Business Guest Defends Torture \That's why they call him 'Songbird John.'\
Phil Mudd Flips Out Over Questions About CIA Torture The CNN analyst and former CIA official also blamed Congress and the DOJ for the agency's defunct torture program.
Anderson Cooper Burns 'Moronic' Michael Cohen Over Russia Cash Claims CNN host says it doesn't look good for Trump's personal attorney.
ESPN Eliminates Public Editor Role, Calling It Outdated As media distrust grows, another outlet drops its liaison between the public and the newsroom.
Fox News Judicial Analyst Issues Dark Warning To Trump Over Michael Cohen \Mr. President, please be wary of all of this,\ Andrew Napolitano said.
Bill O\u2019Reilly Offers To Stand Next To Sarah Sanders To Handle \u2018Out Of Line\u2019 Reporters \I will tell them exactly what I think of their behavior.\
Christiane Amanpour Heading Up New PBS Show, Replacing Charlie Rose She's the latest woman to replace a man disgraced by sexual misconduct allegations.
Shepard Smith \\u2018Pulling out\u2019 is a bit of a misnomer,\ the Fox News host said.
Tronc Decides To Voluntarily Recognize The Chicago Tribune Guild The decision marks a major shift from its campaign against unionization at the Los Angeles Times last year.
'Fox & Friends' Host Brian Kilmeade Says Gina Haspel Should Be 'Proud' Of Torture Record The nominee for CIA director will appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee for her confirmation hearing on Wednesday.
Jake Tapper Grills Kellyanne Conway \You just want that to go viral,\ Conway shot back.
Michael Avenatti Scorches Rudy Giuliani Over His Latest 'Train Wreck' Interview \He's done considerable harm to the president,\ Stormy Daniels' lawyer said.
Fox News Host Neil Cavuto Taunts Trolls Who Came For Him After Trump Takedown \u201cNo, you shut up!\
Fox News Host Neil Cavuto Tells Trump He Stinks In Fiery Takedown \I guess you\u2019re too busy draining the swamp to ever stop and smell the stink you\u2019re creating.\
Jeffrey Toobin Trump's newest lawyer sounds like he's mindlessly riffing, the CNN chief legal analyst said.
Leak In a staff meeting, Jeffrey Goldberg and Ta-Nehisi Coates discussed the hiring and firing of a conservative writer. But it wound up being about a lot more than that.
Michael Avenatti Stunned By Rudy Interview Stormy Daniels' attorney says Giuliani's admissions will doom the presidency.
We Probed Sexual Misconduct Claims Against Journalist Al Giordano. Here's What We Found. The reporter and activist denies accusations he sexually harassed three attendees of his School of Authentic Journalism.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg Says Facebook Will Rank News Outlets By Trustworthiness The social media titan says the rankings will determine placement in its News Feed feature.
A Running List Of Cowards, Courtiers, Strivers And Suck-Ups Democracy dies in the Washington Hilton.
Alleged Sexual Predators Don't Need Letters Of Support The public defense of NBC's Tom Brokaw derails a much-needed conversation about sexual harassment and sends a dangerous message to employees.
New York Times Editor Resigns Following Investigation Details about the nature of the investigation were not immediately available.
Fox News Reporter Comedian Michelle Wolf is \mean, hateful and vile,\ Ed Henry said.
National Enquirer Turns On Michael Cohen \u201cThe president is in the hot seat because of his lawyer,\ according to the Trump-friendly tabloid.
Joy Reid's Defenders Praise Her Apology \u2014 But Ignore Her Apparent Cover-Up The MSNBC host's most ardent fans are willing to turn a blind eye to her hacking claims, and that's unsettling.
Joy Reid Says She Doesn't 'Believe' She Wrote Anti-LGBTQ Posts The MSNBC host added Saturday that cybersecurity experts have not been able to prove her blog was hacked, as she initially claimed.
2 Women Accuse Tom Brokaw Of Sexual Harassment In The '90s A former NBC News war correspondent is among those accusing the longtime anchor.
Anderson Cooper Shreds 'Incoherent' Trump CNN host tries in vain to make sense of Trump's Fox News interview.
Rush Limbaugh Vividly Describes Alleged Trump Pee Tape, Then Says It's All Fake \Somebody is going to produce a tape of prostitutes peeing on a bed.\
Watergate Prosecutor Warns Trump Jill Wine-Banks says Michael Cohen can get away with it, but Trump can't.
Daily Beast Suspends Joy Reid Column Amid Scrutiny Over Her Hacking Claims The allegations that she wrote homophobic posts \deserve a full examination,\ the site's executive editor told staff.
Gretchen Carlson Wants To Spotlight Comebacks By Victims, Not Sexual Harassers \Those stories are a slap in the face to all the women who have lost their careers,\u201d the former Fox News anchor says.
Joy Reid\u2019s Hacking Claims Look Increasingly Unlikely Only a pretty bizarre course of events would have led to those allegedly \fraudulent\ homophobic blog posts.
New York Times Journalists Who Broke Harvey Weinstein Story Are Getting A Movie The film aims to be the next \Spotlight\ or \All the President's Men,\ focusing on the dogged reporting.
Chris Cuomo And Kellyanne Conway Go Bananas In New Interview \Everything with you guys is fruit salad,\ Cuomo says to Conway.
Billionaire Peter Thiel Agrees To Not Buy Gawker After Funding Site's Demise What the PayPal co-founder planned to do with the news site remains unclear.
Joy Reid Doubles Down This is the second time the MSNBC host has been accused of making homophobic comments on an old blog.
Anderson Cooper Taunts Trump With 4 Blistering Questions About His 'Best People' \If the president hires only the best people, why aren\u2019t they still on the job?\
Chicago Tribune Newsroom Overwhelmingly Supports Unionization In emails sent Tuesday, the organizing committee revealed 85 percent support for unionization among the newsrooms making up the Guild.
HuffPost Expands Its Reporting, Video And Audio Teams With Latest Round Of New Hires HuffPost today announced a series of new hires, adding members to the reporting, video and audio teams across three time
Laura Ingraham Slams Advertisers Who Fled Her Show The Fox News host tells the left to \keep demonizing me.\
Twitter Erupts After Obama Makes Melania Trump Smile At Barbara Bush's Funeral What did the former president say to the first lady?
LA Times Union Preparing Class-Action Lawsuit Over 'Illegal Pay Disparities' Last week, an analysis of the newsroom's pay structure revealed wide discrepancies along racial and gender lines.
Stormy Daniels' Attorney Predicts Michael Avenatti said this won't end well for Donald Trump.
Conservative Pundit S.E. Cupp Hits Trump White House Right In The Balls The HLN host says Nikki Haley \makes her male counterparts look like scared schoolboys.\
Laura Ingraham's Guest Mocks Her On Live TV For Losing Advertisers \A high school kid shut you down!\
How To Write A Comeback Story About An Alleged Sexual Predator Please don\u2019t -- but if you must, here\u2019s a guide to writing the most unnecessary stories of the Me Too movement.
Sinclair Broadcast Boss Donated To GOP Rep Who Assaulted Reporter The local TV news giant is making no effort to conceal its conservative bias.
Chuck Todd Slams Fox News For Sean Hannity's Michael Cohen Connection \No serious news org would allow someone this conflicted to cover this story,\ he said.
Fox News' Judicial Analyst Absolutely Shreds Hannity's Cohen Claim \u201cHe can\u2019t have it both ways,\ says Andrew Napolitano.
Laura Ingraham Cracks At Hannity Fox News hosts joke about their negative press.
Carl Kasell, Iconic Newscaster Whose Voice Defined NPR, Dead At 84 The famed radio man died of complications from Alzheimer's disease.
Stormy Daniels' Attorney Predicts Michael Cohen Will Turn On Trump Michael Avenatti said the president's attorney could face \decades\ in prison if he doesn't flip.
New York Daily News Scorches Sean Hannity With New Cover The tabloid did not hold back.
This Year's Pulitzer Prizes Honor Reporting On The Me Too Movement The New York Times and The New Yorker jointly won for their coverage of sexual assault in Hollywood.
Ace Hardware Resumes Laura Ingraham Advertising, Sparking Outrage The hardware chain said it reversed a decision based on \u201cincomplete information.\u201d
Donald Trump's Hometown Newspaper Just Burned Him With A Savage Nickname New York Daily News comes out swinging over Comey's claim that the president was \obsessed\ with the alleged \pee tape.\
Laura Ingraham Accidentally Delivered The Best Self-Own Of 2018 Fox News host has now lost more than two dozen sponsors.
HuffPost Signs With ICM Partners LOS ANGELES, CA and NEW YORK, NY \u2015 ICM Partners, one of the world\u2019s preeminent talent and literary agencies, today announced
In Historic Move, Chicago Tribune Staffers Prepare To Unionize The paper's corporate overlords at Tronc have stood firmly opposed to unions in the past.
Preet Bharara The former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York was fired by Trump last year.
Getty Mixed Up Mark Zuckerberg's Executive Assistant With Priscilla Chan C'mon now.
Stormy Daniels\u2019 Lawyer Taunts Trump Michael Avenatti says Cohen is \closer to a purse puppy than a tough guy.\
Laura Ingraham's Sponsors Still Bolting Over Comments About Parkland Survivor Blue Apron and SlimFast announced that their ads will no longer appear on the program after Monday's episode.
In Wyoming, A Newly Unionized Newsroom Says Corporate Bosses Are Retaliating \u201cIt\u2019s fair to say they\u2019re going to war with us,\ said one newsroom source.
21st Century Fox Offices In London Raided By European Commission Investigators Fox Networks Group said it was cooperating with the EC inspection.
Ingraham Returns To Airwaves With No Apology, And Few Advertisers \Left-wing activists use these terms as bludgeons to intimidate those who disagree with them.\
Internal Email He described recent criticism of the company as \u201cpolitically motivated attacks.\
Sinclair News Show Axed After Host Threatens Sexual Assault On Parkland Survivor Conservative commentator resigns and show is canceled after Twitter rant is exposed.
Lou Dobbs Flips Out On Live TV, Urges Trump To 'Fire The SOB' Robert Mueller \u201cThis is now a man that has to be brought under control.\
Sinclair Takes A Swipe At CNN With Misleading 'Fake News' Video Let's break down the broadcast giant's latest self-defense.
Fox Anchors Slammed For Calling Black Teen Who Got Into 20 Colleges 'Obnoxious' The Fox 5 DC segment has gone viral.
Former Sinclair Reporter Sinclair Broadcast Group should \pull their head out of their ass,\ Jonathan Beaton suggested Sunday.
Journalism School Backlash Against Media Giant Sinclair Grows \In making the leap to disparage news media generally ... Sinclair has diminished trust in the news media overall.\
Sunday Shows Shirk Climate Experts After A Firestorm Week For EPA Chief Scott Pruitt This comes the same week the EPA, amid Pruitt's ballooning ethics scandals, rolled back the federal government's only major climate policy.
In An Extraordinary Act Of Defiance, Denver Post Urges Its Owner To Sell The Paper The plea comes as the Post, and other papers owned by hedge fund Alden Global Capital, continues to be hit by crippling layoffs.
Homeland Security To Compile A Database Of Journalists, Bloggers And Influencers Many in the media industry did *not* like the implications.
Oops! Denver Post Prints Photo Of Wrong Ballpark In Review Of Coors Field Home field advantage is overrated.
Report The broadcaster made local news anchors read a controversial script about \false news\ on air.
Laura Ingraham Dumped By Yet Another Sponsor Despite Being Off TV For A Week Fox News host still losing advertisers after mocking mass shooting survivor.
Stormy Daniels\u2019 Attorney Mocks Trump With A \u2018Merry Christmas\u2019 In April \It\u2019s a very, very Merry Christmas here in our camp.\
Sinclair Bookends Critical Ad Running On 4 Stations With Self-Defense The critical ad urges viewers  demand a stop to a merger that would bring Sinclair's right-leaning messaging to 72 percent of U.S. homes.
The Perfect Watchdog For The Trump Era Is A Journalist In West Virginia And Rob Byers is out of a job.
HuffPost Announces A Series Of New Hires HuffPost today announced a series of new hires in newsrooms across the globe, as well as news roles for a number of existing
Your New Most-Watched Cable News Host Is ... Rachel Maddow Sean Hannity has been dethroned.
Fox News' Ed Henry Won't Let Scott Pruitt Off The Hook In Testy Exchange The national correspondent says his interview with the EPA chief over huge staffer raises got \a little combative.\
How To Hit Sinclair Where It Hurts, According To An Anonymous Sinclair Anchor \If you want to make a difference, lobby your lawmakers to have them stop the Tribune deal,\ the anchor says.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Calls Out Trump Over 'Thoughts And Prayers' Tweet Following Shooting \We can't keep being reactive to this.\
CNN Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin Has An Ominous New Warning For Trump Jeffrey Toobin said new revelations spell bad news for the president.
George Clooney's Ex-Anchorman Dad Isn't Having It With Sinclair Nick Clooney's old TV station is now owned by the right-wing media giant \u2014 and he's not happy about it.
Tucker Carlson Guest Plugs A Book 'Revered By American White Supremacists' Mark Steyn gives a shout-out to a book the SPLC has described as a \racist fantasy.\
Advertisers May Be Fleeing, But Fox News Is Sticking With Laura Ingraham \We cannot and will not allow voices to be censored by agenda-driven intimidation efforts,\ a co-president of Fox News said.
Shep Smith Fact-Checks Trump's Latest Amazon Claim The president has been firing off a series of attacks on the online retailer.
Political Cartoonist Lampoons Evangelical Support For Trump In Easter Takedown \So devout!\
Sinclair Broadcasting Orders Local Anchors To Record Bizarre 'Hostage' Video Supercut shows broadcasters across the nation reading the same script.
News Anchor At Sinclair-Owned Station Hits Back At Trump \Actually, this isn't funny at all. None of it,\ said Mary Nam of Seattle's KOMO.
Donald Trump Will Not Be Mentioned By Name On 'Roseanne' At least in the revival's first season.
Laura Ingraham Announces Week Off Air As Advertisers Flee Almost a dozen advertisers have dropped her Fox News show after she mocked a teenage survivor of the Florida school massacre.
Laura Ingraham Ripped On Twitter For Hiding Behind Religion In 'Bogus' Apology The Fox News host taunted a mass shooting survivor on Twitter.
George W. Bush's Ethics Chief Warns Trump Insiders \The question is who and how high up this is going to reach.\
Republican Strategist Nails Why David Hogg Got To Laura Ingraham If only elected officials in the Republican Party would stand up to Fox News like school shooting survivor David Hogg did.
Tucker Carlson Invited Fabio On His Show, And Things Got Very Weird \Tucker Carlson bringing Fabio on as an expert on the California economy is the most Onion story ever.\
An Update On HuffPost Arabi As of today at 11:59 pm ET, we will officially cease publication of HuffPost Arabi. This was a mutual decision by HuffPost
Parkland Survivor Criticizes Laura Ingraham For Only Apologizing After Advertisers Fled The list of advertisers pulling ads from the Fox News host's program continues to grow.
WSJ Employees Say Senior Editor Tried To Pull Story For Political Reasons \u201cThis is censorship and it is beneath the standards of the Wall Street Journal,\ they wrote in a letter.
Parkland Survivor Slams Fox News Host Teens call for boycott of Laura Ingraham after she mocked a shooting survivor.
Advertisers Ditching Laura Ingraham's Show Over Attack On Parkland Survivor The Fox News host mocked 17-year-old David Hogg for not getting into a few colleges.
Sean Hannity Wants Roseanne On His Show So Bad He Offered To Let Her Host \Just say yes!\ the Fox News host tweets.
Conservative Pundit Urges Melania Trump \Melania should do for this generation of girls what Hillary Clinton did not do for mine,\ S.E. Cupp said.
Howard Stern\u2019s Blunt Advice For Trump The King of All Media warns his old friend to leave D.C.
Jake Tapper Uses The Bible To School A Right-Wing Trump-Supporting Preacher He got schooled, Sunday style.
EW! Tweeters React To Stormy Daniels' Dirty Details About Alleged Affair With Trump \Never gonna watch Shark Week the same way again.\
Stormy Daniels Scores '60 Minutes' Its Highest Ratings In Nearly A Decade The look at Donald Trump's alleged affair drew more viewers than his big post-election interview.
In Iraq, Military Bloggers Gave An Unprecedented View Of War \u2014 Then Came The Clampdown Fifteen years ago, soldiers started to blog their way through Iraq, leading to questions about how to wage war in the internet age \u2014 and a few demotions, too.
Culture Mag To Writers Paste Magazine is too indie to pay its contributors properly.
Jake Tapper Hits Back At Trump CNN anchor blasts the president for not coming down on \human rights repressor Vladimir Putin.\
Fox News Contributor Quits, Slamming Network As 'Propaganda Machine' The network is \fostering corrosive and unjustified paranoia among viewers,\ said retired Army Lt. Col. Ralph Peters.
Stormy Daniels' Attorney Gets Into It With Michael Cohen's Lawyer In Live TV Duel \u201cYou\u2019re gonna go down in flames!\
That Tweet About An 'Intimate' Trump Pic Is Horrifying, And It's Thankfully Fake Phew.
Sean Hannity Slams Shepard Smith For Calling His Kind Of Fox Show Strictly Entertainment But even Hannity has said
Donald Trump Exposed On New Yorker Cover \u201cI wanted to address President Trump\u2019s stormy relationship with the press,\ says artist Barry Blitt.
Shepard Smith Says Fox News Opinion Personalities 'Don't Really Have Rules' They \say whatever they want,\ said the newsman, who just signed a new Fox contract.
Watch Fox News Personalities Slam Obama And Praise Trump Over The Same Thing Now that's a double standard.
Fox News All But Ignores Nationwide Student Walkouts To End Gun Violence The network spent most of its Wednesday morning covering the Pennsylvania election and mulling day-old news.
New York Post Riffs On Old Donald Trump Sex Headline For Rex Tillerson Firing The Rupert Murdoch-owned tabloid waited almost three decades to deliver this punchline.
Parents Of Slain DNC Staffer Seth Rich Sue Fox News Over Fake News Story The suit claims Fox News and two others \u201cintentionally exploited\u201d the murder \u201cthrough lies, misrepresentations and half-truths.\u201d
Shepard Smith Isn't Letting Trump Off The Hook For Gun Control Reversal The Fox News host called out the president for pandering to the NRA.
Twitter Bans Popular Accounts Accused Of Stealing Jokes And Selling Retweets The company suspended meme giants, including @CommonWhiteGirl, @Dory and @SoDamnTrue.
Fox News Settles Gender Discrimination Suit With Journalist Diana Falzone Falzone said she was abruptly taken off air by Fox News after writing an article about her struggle with endometriosis.
Pro-Trump Pastor Robert Jeffress says it's about \policies and strong leadership,\ not sex scandals.
See If You Can Watch This Powerful 1-Minute PSA Without Crying 42 really is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything.
Sinclair Forces Local News Anchors To Recite Trumpian-Sounding Promos The script trashes the national media for \fake stories\ and bias -- favorite themes of the press-bashing president.
Ted Cruz Makes It Too Easy To Point Out The Hypocrisy Of His Latest Campaign Ad The ad mocks Beto O'Rourke's nickname, but Ted is a nickname, too.
Sean Hannity Gets Called Out On His Own Show Univision's Jorge Ramos gets into it with Fox News host.
For Women\u2019s History Month, Tucker Carlson Is Airing A Series On The \u2018Crisis\u2019 Facing Men \u201cWe hear a lot about female empowerment in this country ... But for some reason you almost never hear anything about how men are doing in America.\
Sam Nunberg Says Wise MSNBC Analyst Convinced Him Not To Defy Mueller Subpoena The ex-Trump aide credited professor Maya Wiley's counsel with changing his mind.
Watch A Trump Backer\u2019s Painfully Dumb Joke Startle Everyone Into Silence On CNN An awkward moment unfolds on live TV.
CNN's Erin Burnett To Sam Nunberg She did not end the interview before asking the former Trump campaign aide if he had been drinking.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan To Be Joined By HuffPost Editor-In-Chief Lydia Polgreen At SXSW 2018 London Mayor Sadiq Khan will be joined on stage by HuffPost Editor-in-Chief Lydia Polgreen for an interview and Q&A session
E! Producer Says She Was Fired For Allowing An Actress's Criticism Of The Network To Air Aileen Gram-Moreno claims that a red-carpet chat with Eva Longoria led to her termination.
Fox News Exec Who Wrote Inflammatory Olympics Op-Ed Retires John Moody wrote that the 2018 Winter Olympics should be called \darker, gayer, different.\
Australian Columnist Gushes Over Trump, Then Hits Him Where It Hurts He's really not going to like hearing this.
Tucker Carlson Turns On Trump \Congress would be talking impeachment right now.\
Trump's A 'Wuss' Who's Afraid To Challenge Russia, CNN's Paul Begala Says \Our president is compromised and we want to know why,\ the commentator said.
HuffPost UK Hires Jess Brammar From BBC Acting \Newsnight\ editor Brammar joins as Head of News.
Father Of Florida Shooting Survivor Admits He Altered Email From CNN Glenn Haab told the Associated Press he unintentionally omitted some words.
Sean Hannity Asked 'The Left\u2019 To React To Right-Wing Art. The Response Was Priceless. That probably didn't go as he planned.
Q&A Transcript \The world needs this from us right now.\
Leak \u201cThe world needs this from us right now.\
Gothamist To Rise From the Dead, Thanks To Anonymous Donors And Public Radio The deal will revive parts of DCist, LAist and DNAinfo.
CNN Analyst Has A Reality Check For Trump Over 'Insane' Plan To Arm Teachers \Does anybody remember their teachers?\
CNN Says It Didn't Ask Florida Shooting Survivor To Read A Scripted Question \CNN had originally asked me to write a speech and questions, and it ended up being all scripted,\ said 17-year-old Colton Haab.
New York Daily News Reveals Who Really Silences Trump The tabloid ripped Trump for failing to mention \a word about the 300 million guns flooding our streets.\
Even Pat Robertson Is Calling For Stricter Gun Control Laws Televangelist also wants expanded background checks.
A Conspiracy Theory About A Stoneman Douglas Student Reaches No. 1 On YouTube The video was viewed more than 200,000 times before it was removed by the site.
Fox News Is Launching An 'Over-The-Top' Opinion Streaming Service The platform is set to launch later this year.
New York Daily News Rips Donald Trump For Visiting Golf Course During Florida Funerals \May I play thru?\
Anderson Cooper Shreds Trump CNN host slams the president for a weekend of \factually challenged\ tweets.
New York Magazine Makes A Case For Impeaching Clarence Thomas \The idea of someone so flagrantly telling untruths to ascend to the highest legal position in the U.S. remains shocking, in addition to its being illegal.\
HuffPost Appoints Aman Sethi As India Editor-In-Chief HuffPost is focused on building a unified newsroom across its 17 editions, India being one of them.
Immediately After Interviewing Parkland Students, Fox News Invites Criticism Of Them \u201cMarches aren\u2019t going to solve it,\u201d conservative pundit Rush Limbaugh said.
Shepard Smith Is Fed Up After Florida Shooting The Fox News host issued a desperate, emotional plea for reform following another massacre.
Murdoch-Owned NY Post Urges Trump To Act On Gun Control To 'Stop The Slaughter' \Mr. President, this is your moment.\
The Media Need To Think Twice About How They Portray Mass Shooters By Russell Frank, Pennsylvania State University for The Conversation The lead story on The New York Times homepage provided
The Boston Globe Has The Last Mass Shooting Story You're Likely To Need It's ready for the next massacre, and the one after that, and the one after that ...
Memo He would also like you to leave the question of whether it's OK to hire friends of Nazis to history.
Don Lemon Has 2 Words For People Who Say It's Not Time To Talk About Guns CNN host calls out politicians who refuse to act.
Ex-GOP Lawmaker \Republicans are not going to do a single thing after this shooting we saw today.\
NBC Insists On Saying 'Pyeongchang' Incorrectly Because 'It's Cleaner' \NBC's official approach to the correct pronunciation of PyeongChang
Shepard Smith Gives Fox News Viewers A Reality Check After Florida School Shooting Some things haven't changed much since Columbine.
After Florida Shooting, The Teens Become The Strongest Voice For Gun Control The people making the most sense about a high school massacre that left 17 dead are the kids who survived it.
Viral Onion Story On Mass Shootings Hits Too Close To Home \u2018No Way To Prevent This,\u2019 Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens
Comedy Writer Calls Out GOP In Blistering Replies To 'Prayers' After Florida Shooting Bess Kalb has names and dollar amounts for NRA-linked lawmakers.
NY Times Abruptly Fires Its New Nazi-Befriending Editorial Board Hire Quinn Norton has tweeted that she's friends with neo-Nazis, and has used slurs on a regular basis.
Former Employee Sues Vice Media For Allegedly Underpaying Female Staffers The plaintiff says she was paid $25,000 less than a male subordinate she hired.
Sean Hannity Tweets, Then Deletes, Weirdly Specific Sexual Stuff About Obama Portrait Fox News host's post claimed there was something hidden in the image, then he quickly backtracked.
Wall Street Journal's Chloe Kim Joke Falls Flat The newspaper said the 17-year-old gold medalist was \better\ at tweeting than snowboarding.
Joe Scarborough Says Trump Made Rob Porter 'The Victim' In Domestic Abuse Allegations The president sympathized with the White House staff secretary who recently resigned.
New York Times CEO Says Print Edition Might Live Another 10 Years Mornings of fighting over sections of the paper are coming to an end.
'Fox & Friends' Host Grills Raj Shah, Says 'You Got Burned' For Hiring Porter \You had a two-time accused domestic abuser there at a very sensitive position where perhaps he shouldn\u2019t have been had that been fully exposed. So what changes now?\u201d
Local News Station Runs Graphic Confusing \u2018Pyeongchang 2018\u2019 With \u2018P.F. Chang 2018\u2019 A spokesperson apologized for the \mix-up.\
GOP Lawmaker Devin Nunes Reportedly Made His Own Fake News Website \News, sports and analysis\ website is paid for by the Nunes campaign.
Katie Couric Is Skating On Thin Ice With Dutch Olympics Fans Her comments about speed skating aren't going over well.
Tweeters Criticize CNN Over 'Propaganda' Piece On Kim Jong Un's Sister \Someone tell CNN that their site has been hacked by the North Korean propaganda ministry,\ tweeted Russian chess legend Garry Kasparov.
Boston Radio Host Suspended After Using Fake Asian Accent To Mock Tom Brady's Agent Former Patriots player Christian Fauria apologizes for \insensitive\ impersonation of Don Yee.
Newsweek Brings Back Accused Sexual Harasser As Staffers, Advertisers Flee Staffers' terrible week somehow ended even worse than it started.
Fox News Exec Wants Team USA To Stop Celebrating Being \u2018Darker, Gayer, Different\u2019 The network's executive editor laments U.S. Olympics' highlighting of its diverse group of athletes.
Jake Tapper The White House has become \a place where our national standards are being degraded,\ he said.
CNN Host Tells Holocaust-Denying Congress Candidate \u201cIt is shocking to hear how vocally and unapologetically racist you are. Are you a Nazi?\u201d asked Alisyn Camerota.
Tronc Is Keeping Ross Levinsohn Aboard After Probe Into 'Frat House' Behavior An independent investigation found \no wrongdoing,\ the company said.
Watch GOP Memo Author Devin Nunes Flee From A Simple Question The California congressman bolts when asked about his anti-FBI memo .
Tronc Sold The Los Angeles Times To Billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong The sale comes amid turbulence between Tronc and Times staffers.
Yup. Sean Hannity Found A Way To Blame Obama For The Stock Market Drop He also claimed the slide is \a sign of strength more than anything else.\
Pro-Trump Ad In Times Square Condemns 'Fake News,' Pushes Attack On Clinton The super PAC that paid for it used to be called Stop Hillary PAC.
Newsweek's Top Editor And Staffers Suddenly Fired Staffers suspect the firings may be retaliation for investigations into their own parent company.
Signs Of Sexual Harassment At NY Daily News Were Right There On The Page \u201cI was like, \u2018Holy shit. This is how it is in news, and it is not for me.\u2019\u201d
Sean Hannity's Pee Pee Tape Discussion Goes Completely Off The Rails Erm...
Top Editors Out At NY Daily News Following Harassment Investigations The newspaper's managing editor fostered a culture of fear and silence, current and former staffers said.
Mika Brzezinski Shuts Down Michael Wolff Interview During Spat Over Nikki Haley Rumors The \Morning Joe\ co-host called the author's behavior \disgraceful.\
Tomi Lahren Apologizes For 'Limp Dick' Social Media Meltdown The conservative commentator attacked Rep. Joe Kennedy III on Instagram.
Van Jones Tears Apart Trump's Speech The CNN commentator calls out the president's rhetoric.
Internet Burns Washington Post Over Its Front Page On Trump's Speech People are not happy at all.
Trump's State Of The Union Gets Brutal Review From New York Daily News Trump won't like his hometown newspaper's take on the speech.
Reuters Editor Landed At Newsweek Despite Sexual Harassment Claim Dayan Candappa, now on leave, was accused of pressuring a female subordinate for 10 months at Reuters.
'Good Morning Britain' Asks If Millennials Are 'Useless' And People Can't Even \Sure, kick the millennials, but don't come running to us when you need help rotating a PDF.\
Trump\u2019s State Of The Union Speech Won\u2019t Be The \u2018Reset\u2019 Pundits Desperately Want Can they break their pattern of praising the optics of a Trump speech?
Chris Christie To Join ABC News As A Contributor Just in time for Trump's State of the Union address.
U.S. News & World Report Uses Apparent Image Of Sikh Man For Terrorism Story The outlet has since replaced the image.
Joy Behar Challenges Kirsten Gillibrand \u201cI just thought that was unfair to make him an example,\ Behar said. The senator had a lot to say in return.
MSNBC Host Calls Out Nikki Haley For Hypocritical Grammy Tweet Nobody who works for Trump gets to accuse others of ruining music with politics, Stephanie Ruhle suggested.
'Fox And Friends' Host Goes Anti-Vaxxer Amid Deadly Flu Epidemic Brian Kilmeade just told viewers he doesn't get a flu shot -- and that's incredibly irresponsible.
New York State Probes Social Media Bot Firm Exposed By New York Times The company is accused of selling millions of fake social media followers to its customers.
Garrison Keillor, Fired For Harassment, Goes After MPR And Accuser In Statement \If I am guilty of harassment, then every employee who stole a pencil is guilty of embezzlement.\
Tronc Is Building A Shadow Newsroom Full Of Scabs, L.A. Times Staffers Fear A mysterious new management team appears to be quietly building a non-union network.
Fox News Says Steve Wynn Won't Appear On Any Future Installment Of 'The Wise Guys' The announcement came amid new sexual harassment allegations against the casino mogul, who recently co-hosted the network's special.
Sean Hannity's Attempt To Trash The New York Times Does Not Go Well ...and why did he make himself green anyway?
Watch As Sean Hannity Gets A Brutal Reality Check On Live TV Life comes at you fast.
Watch 'Fox & Friends' Struggle With News That Trump Tried To Fire Mueller \Do ya even care?\
NY Daily News Editor Accused Of Harassment Fostered A Culture Of Silence Managing editor Rob Moore told staffers he would get rid of people who complained about his behavior, sources said.
Is 'Trump Fatigue' Real? How Reader Engagement Has Fared In The Post-Election Era News readers aren't losing interest in politics, but Trump isn't everything, either.
Tomi Lahren Blames Liberals For Tide Pod Challenge In Wacko Rant The conservative firebrand channels the spirit of a much older, crankier, low-information voter.
Exclusive News of the investigation comes the same week NPR reported that parent company Tronc had launched an investigation into the newspaper's managing editor.
Newspaper Devotes Entire Front Page To Naming 155 Survivors Of Larry Nassar's Abuse The Detroit Free Press showed its support for women who \bravely\ spoke out against the disgraced doctor.
Piers Morgan's Interview With 'Friend' Trump Has Everyone Asking The Same Thing \Will it also be the 1st international TV interview from inside the bowels of a US President?\
GOP Lawmaker Gets Sunday-Schooled Over Botched Religious Reference Rep. Matt Gaetz name-checks the Immaculate Conception, then can't explain it.
Prosecutor In Larry Nassar Case Thanks Journalists For Uncovering Sexual Abuse In 2016, a team of Indianapolis Star reporters began investigating USA Gymnastics for its policies that enabled rampant sexual abuse.
Garrison Keillor's Former Station Reports He Was Fired For More Than Touching A Woman's Back An investigation reveals allegations of misconduct going back to 1998.
Former RNC Chair Michael Steele \Don\u2019t ever preach to me about anything ever again.\
Now Chris Cuomo And Kellyanne Conway Are Fighting Over Grammar \What is that, is that Trump English?\
Dan Rather Launching Weekly Show With The Young Turks The move is motivated by Trump \continually, relentlessly damning the press,\ the veteran newsman said.
Megyn Kelly Tears Into Jane Fonda About Plastic Surgery, 'Hanoi Jane' \Honestly, she has no business lecturing anyone on what qualifies as offensive.\u201d
LA Times Publisher Accused Of Sexual Misconduct, 'Frat House' Behavior The revelations come as the paper\u2019s staff moves forward with its campaign to unionize.
The Los Angeles Times Votes To Unionize A day before the vote, senior editors had made a last-ditch effort to quash the unionizing campaign.
Fox News\u00a0Guest Goes Off The Rails \The illegal immigrants are people who shouldn\u2019t be here.\
Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet Says Contract Blocked Him From Criticizing Woody Allen, Supporting Dylan Farrow. It Didn't. The \Call Me By Your Name\ star features in an upcoming Allen movie, but HuffPost's review of that contract found nothing to prevent him from speaking out.
Reporters Without Borders Says Trump \u2018Poses Major Threat To U.S. Democracy\u2019 The president's \Fake News Awards\ add to an anti-media campaign \unworthy of the country that adopted the First Amendment.\
New York Times Opinion Page To Publish Letters From Trump Supporters The newspaper announced that the featured letters are meant to balance out many of the anti-Trump columns.
WaPo's Jason Rezaian Returns To Journalism 2 Years After Prison Release The reporter had been based in Tehran when Iran imprisoned him for 18 months.
Ann Curry Was 'Not Surprised' By Matt Lauer's Sexual Misconduct Allegations \I can say that I would be surprised if many women did not understand that there was a climate of verbal harassment that existed.\
'Today' Show Gets First Female Executive Producer During Key Hours The show's 7 a.m. and 8 a.m. slots will now be led by a trio of women.
Hackers Messaged Donald Trump With Former Fox News Hosts' Twitter Accounts Eric Bolling and Greta Van Susteren's accounts were filled with Turkish propaganda.
Brit Hume Of Fox News Says He's Absolutely Not Fantasizing About Trump's Penis Erm...
Ashleigh Banfield Blasts Aziz Ansari Accuser For 'Reckless' Sexual Assault Claim \You went to the press with a story of a bad date and you have potentially destroyed this man's career over it.\
Trump Says He\u2019s The \u2018Least Racist Person.\u2019 Anderson Cooper Has A Reality Check. The CNN host uses the president's own words against him.
Cond\u00e9 Nast Cuts Ties With Fashion Photographers Accused Of Sexual Exploitation Dozens of male models spoke to The New York Times about Bruce Weber and Mario Testino.
Media Euphemisms For 'Racist' Are Stupidly Tinged Donald Trump is a racist. Just say it.
Fox News Meteorologist Slams Woman Who Said Her Legs Are 'Too Fat' Janice Dean wants young girls to know
Megyn Kelly Says Some Women 'Want To Be' Fat-Shamed; Twitter Screams The \Megyn Kelly Today\ host walked her comments back a day later, saying she \absolutely\ doesn't support body-shaming.
Don Lemon's Had It With Trump Supporters CNN anchor calls out those who defend Trump \no matter what.\
Anderson Cooper Fights Tears As He Defends Haiti From Trump's Insults CNN anchor says Trump could learn from the dignity of Haitians.
How Many Times Can Wolf Blitzer Avoid Saying 'Shithole'? Watch the CNN anchor struggle to avoid using the word on live TV.
Shepard Smith Hits Trump With A Brutal Fact Check On Russia Investigation The Fox News host has a news flash for the president.
YouTube Finally Punishes Logan Paul For Wildly Insensitive Suicide Video The video giant took the vlogger off Google Preferred, among other changes, after many criticized its \open letter\ on the controversial video.
Ronan Farrow Will Develop Documentaries For HBO Farrow\u2019s reporting on Harvey Weinstein contributed to a groundswell of conversations about sexual misconduct and gender inequality in the workplace.
Anderson Cooper Ruthlessly Mocks Donald Trump\u2019s Latest Claim About The Media The CNN host did not hold back.
Peter Thiel Has Reportedly Made Offer To Buy Gawker, The Site He Helped Shutter The news was first reported by Reuters, which did not specify Thiel's motivations.
Moira Donegan Outs Herself As Creator Of 'S**tty Media Men' List The writer, who's been hailed a hero, described how the spreadsheet took on a life of its own, transforming the media industry and her own life.
Kellyanne Conway\u2019s Interview With Chris Cuomo Quickly Flies Off The Rails The fiery CNN showdown was marked by eye-rolls, arguments, crosstalk and more.
Time Magazine's Latest Cover Has Trump's Hair On Fire To Illustrate Hellish 2017 \u201cIt\u2019s sort of this President that you\u2019re always trying to contain, like a wildfire that\u2019s moving from one place to the other at all times,\u201d said the artist.
And The Most Enviable Job In Journalism Goes To... Fifty-two weeks. Fifty-two must-see spots around the globe.
Tucker Carlson Turns On Trump Fox News host slams the president over immigration.
Why Did The Trump Administration Let Michael Wolff In? When John Kerry was running for president in 2004, his campaign team was a dedicated group of hard-working political operatives
The Journalist And The Blunderer How Trump irritant Michael Wolff gets what he wants, according to Kurt Andersen.
Bid To Save Gawker.com Falls Short A Kickstarter campaign led by former staffers raised less than $90,000 of its $500,000 goal.
Fitness Chain Bans Cable News For Not Being Part Of A Healthy Lifestyle Some members think the decision smacks of censorship.
No Longer Ruled By Historical Time? Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Let me mention a small joy of my life. One afternoon and evening a week I take care of
BBC Journalist Quits After Finding Out Her Male Colleagues Made 50 Percent More Carrie Gracie wrote an open letter accusing the news outlet of breaking equality law.
Lindsey Graham This was almost a really solid, sick burn.
New York Times Sex Harassment TV Ad Evokes Strong Reaction The ad moved some people to tears.
Twitter Says Blocking Accounts Of World Leaders Would 'Hamper Necessary Discussion' Critics have pushed the company to reprimand Donald Trump for his threatening tweets about nuclear attacks.
Michael Wolff On Donald Trump Expos\u00e9 Wolff told NPR that he was willing to be convinced that Trump was right all along, but that didn't happen.
CBS News Fires Political Director Over 'Inappropriate Behavior' Steve Chaggaris oversaw coverage of Donald Trump's campaign and White House.
C'mon, Sexism Is At Least Part Of The Reason Hoda Kotb Is Making Less Than Matt Lauer When a woman is paid less than a third of what a man received for the same job, it's impossible to ignore the gender context.
How Logan Paul's 'Dead Body' Video Explains The Chain Reaction Economy Of YouTube The internet celebrity's post is gone. What's left in its place is just as disturbing.
2 Vice Employees Accused Of Sexual Harassment Placed On Leave Both men were named in last month's damning New York Times report on sexual misconduct at the media company.
Hoda Kotb Replaces Matt Lauer As 'Today' Co-Anchor Lauer was fired last year over allegations of sexual misconduct.
Bernice King Calls Out Newsweek For Insensitive MLK Tweet The post included a photo of Martin Luther King Jr. in his casket.
Remember Don Lemon's Drunken NYE Rant Last Year? Turns Out There's A Happy Ending. The CNN host introduced the audience to his special someone during this year's broadcast.
14 Bombshell Reports That Showed The Power Of Great Journalism In 2017 Praise be to The New York Times.
Weather Channel Claps Back At Trump, Explains The Difference Between Weather And Climate Round of applause for The Weather Channel, y'all.
Report \Survivor\ winner Todd Herzog, an alcoholic, says staffers left vodka in his dressing room and gave him Xanax.
BuzzFeed Fires White House Correspondent Adrian Carrasquillo Over 'Inappropriate Message' The company said it received a complaint from a colleague last week.
Box Truck Blocks Media's View Of Trump Getting 'Back To Work' (a.k.a. Playing Golf) The Secret Service reportedly denies the vehicle's placement was intentional.
Vanity Fair Gets Called Out For Suggesting Hillary Clinton Take Up Knitting The snarky video is part of a series, but the New Year's advice for the former presidential nominee caused the biggest stir.
New Report Details Rampant Harassment, Culture Of 'Male Entitlement' At Vice A New York Times investigation found four harassment or defamation settlements, one involving the media company's president.
'Tis The Season For The Best News Bloopers Of 2017 What a year.
Women At The New York Times Feel Neglected, Frustrated As Paper Stands By Glenn Thrush Staffers tell HuffPost the reporter's \punishment\ only makes their own issues more plain to see, and the internal data backs them up.
Despite Demise, NewsOneNOW Needed More Than Ever With the final live episode of NewsOne Now with Roland Martin in the history books, black America now wakes up to a noticeable
ABC News Veteran Elizabeth Vargas To Leave Network In May Vargas has been an anchor on \20/20\ for 14 years.
Several Women Accuse Progressive Media Executive Don Hazen Of Sexual Harassment One journalist told HuffPost that Hazen mimicked his favorite sex act while having lunch with employees.
2 Prominent NY Public Radio Hosts Fired After Misconduct Investigation The dismissals come amid a wave of sexual misconduct allegations against men in media.
New York Times Decides Not To Fire Glenn Thrush After Accusations Of Misconduct An internal investigation at the paper concluded that Thrush had acted offensively but \does not deserve to be fired.\
Jake Tapper Grills GOP Senator We should all be CNN hosts, it seems.
Bill O'Reilly's Latest Conspiracy Theory Is His Weirdest One Yet The former Fox News host's fashion-related \tip of the day\ didn't go over so well.
2 More Women Join Lawsuit Against Bill O'Reilly And Fox News \u201cThey are tired of being smeared with lies by a bully who thinks that his victims are afraid to answer to them,\u201d their attorney said Wednesday.
Yara Shahidi Is Taking A Seat In The Director's Chair (Finally!) Seventeen-year-old Yara Shahidi once said that playing Zoey on ABC\u2019s \u201cBlack-ish\u201d is her \u201cactivism through art.\u201d Since saying
Former Intelligence Chief James Clapper \u201cWe have to remember Putin\u2019s background. He\u2019s a KGB officer.\
The Muzzling Of The CDC Loathsome people are often the most predictable. No matter how angry and disillusioned we are at each egregious act and pronouncement
TV Agent Olivia Metzger Is Parting Ways With The Creative Artists Agency Metzger represents MSNBC's Stephanie Ruhle and the \Today\ show's Hoda Kotb, among others.
Rupert Murdoch Bashes As 'Nonsense' Concerns About Sexual Harassment At Fox But there was \sort of\ a problem with Roger Ailes, he acknowledged.
Fox News Women Furious Over Rupert Murdoch Comments On Sexual Misconduct The media mogul said claims of rampant sexual harassment at the network are \nonsense.\
FCC Plans To Fine Sinclair Over Undisclosed Commercials The large fine could bolster critics of the broadcasting behemoth.
PBS Suspends 'Tavis Smiley Show' While It Investigates Host's Alleged Misconduct Smiley's show has been suspended indefinitely.
Someone Hacked Anderson Cooper's Twitter Account And Called Trump A 'Pathetic Loser' The CNN anchor said he hadn't tweeted in days and was \looking into how this happened.\
Washington Post Reporters Denied Entry To Roy Moore's Election Night Party The newspaper first reported  bombshell allegations of sexual impropriety by the Republican candidate.
USA Today Editorial Board Calls Trump Unfit To Clean Obama's Toilets In Scathing Editorial \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
NBC's 'Today' Show Ratings Have Increased Since Matt Lauer's Firing Lauer was fired from the show after multiple women accused him of sexual misconduct.
Former Gawker Employees Launch Kickstarter Campaign To Save The News Site The fundraising campaign is a last-ditch effort to revive Gawker.com.
Fox News Host Slams GOP Support For Roy Moore Greg Gutfeld denounces the \team-sport ideology\ in politics.
Fox News Anchor Fumbles With Facts During Segment On 'Fake News' Oh, the irony.
The New Yorker Severs Ties With Ryan Lizza Over 'Improper Sexual Conduct' The reporter was the magazine's longtime Washington correspondent.
How Afghanistan Went From Hippie Haven To War Battleground In this week\u2019s episode of KCRW\u2019s \u201cScheer Intelligence,\u201d Robert Scheer talks to Jere Van Dyk, who has reported on Afghanistan
Fox News Corrects Story Claiming Roy Moore Accuser \u2018Forged\u2019 Candidate\u2019s Signature A handwriting expert has verified that the woman's yearbook signature belongs to Senate candidate Moore, according to Gloria Allred.
20 Awesome Podcasts Kids Will Love By Frannie Ucciferri, Common Sense Media What if something out there had your kid begging you to turn off the TV or tablet
Powerful Gossip Editor Dylan Howard Was Also Investigated At Celebuzz \u201cRight off the bat, he made every woman in the office feel incredibly uncomfortable,\u201d a former Celebuzz producer said.
Activist Apparently Behind Failed Washington Post Sting Receives 'Hero' Award Project Veritas' president accepted the award from Ginni Thomas, who is married to Clarence Thomas.
Newspaper's Botched Front Page Goes Down In Headline History For the wrong reason.
Watch Anderson Cooper Take Down Roy Moore's Spokeswoman In Wild Interview \You\u2019re the spokesperson and  ... you seem either not to know what his positions are or are unwilling to actually tell me what his positions are.\u201d
The Top 10 Lies Of 2017 Shameless cover-ups, unbelievable denials and, of course, our liar-in-chief.
Paris Review Editor Lorin Stein Resigns Amid Sexual Misconduct Investigation The literary magazine has been looking into Stein's treatment of female colleagues since October.
What MSNBC Gave Up When It Gave In To A Right-Wing Smear Campaign The network has \a fundamental misunderstanding of what business they\u2019re in,\ ousted contributor Sam Seder says.
MSNBC Gives In To Disingenuous Right-Wing Smear, Fires Sam Seder The network fired Seder, a contributor, after an alt-right personality publicized one of his old tweets.
Hannity Loses It Over ABC News' Michael Flynn Error \It's scary. It's real.\
Head Of National Enquirer, Us Weekly Reportedly Accused Of Sexual Misconduct Former employees say Dylan Howard forced women to watch pornographic material and encouraged them to have sex with sources.
Wall Street Journal Editorial Board Goes To Bat Against FBI And Robert Mueller For Trump The newspaper has published a series of pieces critical of the investigation into Russian election interference.
PBS Announces Replacement For Charlie Rose's Show Following Sexual Harassment Allegations Christiane Amanpour's current affairs program will air on the network on an interim basis.
From Layoffs To Sexual Assault Allegations, It's Been A Hard Week In Media BuzzFeed, ESPN, \Today\ and more hit new breaking points.
LA Times Takes Major Step Forward In Campaign To Unionize The paper's guild has filed for an election with the National Labor Relations Board.
BBC Mixes Up Two Asian Women During Cringeworthy Radio Interview *Facepalm.*
O'Reilly's Plan To Smear His Accusers Appears To Be Backfiring One of them is fighting back. \He is the liar,\ says a former Fox producer in a new lawsuit.
ABC News President Berates Staff Over Inaccurate Brian Ross Report The network said Ross' report on Trump's instructions to Michael Flynn was not \fully vetted.\
From Layoffs To Sexual Assault Allegations, It's Been A Hard Week In Media BuzzFeed, ESPN, \Today\ and more hit new breaking points.
ABC Corrects Explosive Michael Flynn Report That Drove Down Stocks Flynn was asked to reach out to Russian officials during the Trump transition, not during the campaign, according to a source, the network noted.
Fox News' Shepard Smith Says 'It's A Lie' To Call Trump-Russia Probe 'Fake News' \u201cThat this is a ruse, that this is fake news, is a lie.\u201d
Seth Meyers Has A Scathing Message For Matt Lauer The \Late Night\ host did not hold back.
Vox Media Drops Open Bar From Holiday Party Amid Sexual Harassment Fears Employees will instead receive two drink tickets, the company said in an internal email sent out Thursday afternoon.
Sen. Lindsey Graham's Old Words About Trump Come Back To Bite Him In The Butt \u201cWhat a difference a year makes.\
A Mysterious Company Bought LA Weekly And Just Gutted Its Staff Staffers and journalism advocates are demanding transparency from the site's new owner.
Vice Media Fires 3 Employees Amid Sexual Harassment Complaints The company previously suspended Jason Mojica, the head of its documentary film division.
CNN Fires Jake Tapper's Senior Producer After Behavior Complaints Three female colleagues reportedly came forward with the complaints.
Woman's Elaborate Scheme To Discredit Washington Post 'Dated Back Months' Jaime Phillips, the false Roy Moore accuser, attended media happy hour events and going-away parties as part of the sting effort.
Trump's Co-Author Tony Schwartz claims two officials have made calls about Trump's mental health.
Geraldo Rivera Says Women 'May Be Criminalizing Courtship' After Lauer Reports Uh, no?
MSNBC Trolls Trump With An Obama 'Merry Christmas' Supercut Merry Christmas.
Don Lemon On Trump \I don't know where we've gone.\
Garrison Keillor Fired From Minnesota Public Radio Over Alleged Inappropriate Behavior Keillor is not apologizing for the incident.
Sean Hannity Flips Out After Seeing His NY Times Magazine Cover Photo He's not happy.
What We Lose When We Let Predatory Men Shape The National Conversation Matt Lauer's 20-year position at NBC allowed him to frame the way stories about powerful women and Very Bad Men were told \u2014 and not told.
CNN's Don Lemon Unloads On Trump Over Racist\u00a0Insults In Epic New Takedown \Saying you\u2019re not racist doesn\u2019t make it so.\
Breitbart Editor Points To Ringo Starr Hit To Defend Roy Moore Breitbart's Joel Pollak appears to imply that a slam against the Senate nominee is a slam against the 1973 version of \You're Sixteen.\
Roy Moore Campaign Official Caught On Video Going After Journalist Heated encounter took place outside Alabama campaign event.
Another Attempt To Discredit The Washington Post's Roy Moore Reports Backfires The sting attempt apparently led by Project Veritas was \the essence of a scheme to deceive and embarrass us,\ a Post editor said.
Time Inc. To Be Acquired By Meredith Corp. In Deal Backed By Koch Brothers The Kochs \u201cwill have no influence on Meredith\u2019s editorial or managerial operations,\ the company said.
New York Times Defends Its Inflammatory Nazi Sympathizer Profile \u201cOur reporter and his editors agonized over the tone and content of the article,\u201d the Times said.
The New York Times Defends Its Nazi Sympathizer Article. Here's Everything Wrong With Their Response. At the end of the day, Hovater is a Nazi. His opinion is not and never will be valid.
NYT Accused Of Normalizing White Nationalism In 'Nazi Sympathizer' Profile The profile follows Tony Hovater, a newlywed who loves \Seinfeld\ and Panera Bread, and also believes the Holocaust was overblown.
Two Journalism Schools Rescind Awards For Charlie Rose Amid Harassment Reports \u201cThe actions victimized young women much like those who make up the overwhelming majority of [our] students,\ wrote one dean.
The Daily Mail's Erroneous Tweet On London Shooting Report Sparks Anger The U.K. paper says it \deeply regrets\ the error.
Chef On 'Today' Goes Rogue And Puts Mayo In The Mashed Potatoes Welcome to Thanksgiving in Trump's America.
Gayle King Further Addresses Charlie Rose Allegations \When you think about the anguish of those women ... you have to report the news.\
Katy Tur Has A 'Brutal Question' For Trump Over His Support For 'Accused Pedophile' The NBC host called out the president over his statements on Roy Moore.
Peter Thiel Wants To Buy Gawker, New Court Filing Suggests It would give him the power to delete the shuttered site's entire archive.
Fox News Contributor Says Pence's Dining Rules Are 'Ahead Of His Time' In a world rife with sexual harassment, how better to keep workplaces safe for women?
Transcript, Emails Show How Tabloid Reporters Helped Harvey Weinstein Get Dirt On Women A closer look at how a journalist coaxed a movie producer into providing negative information on a potential Weinstein accuser.
'CBS This Morning' Hosts Address Charlie Rose Allegations \There is no excuse for this alleged behavior,\ co-host Norah O'Donnell said.
CBS, PBS Cut Ties With Charlie Rose Following Sexual Misconduct Allegations At least a dozen women have accused Rose of unwanted sexual harassment.
Sarah Sanders Asks Press To Say What They're Thankful For Before Questions \u201cI hope you felt the passion of my thankfulness,\ April Ryan said.
Megyn Kelly The TV host opened up about her experience with Charlie Rose, the veteran journalist accused of sexual harassment.
Sean Hannity Gets Brutally Rejected By Attorney For Moore Accuser \Lazy\ Fox News host slammed
Writer Calls On Women Of Color 'To Divest From Lena Dunham' After Controversy Author Zinzi Clemmons said she would no longer contribute to Dunham's Lenny Letter after the \Girls\ creator defended a writer on the show accused of rape.
Charlie Rose Accused Of Sexually Harassing And Groping Women Eight women say the talk show host made unwanted advances toward them.
Alabama Media Group Rejects Cease-And-Desist Order From Roy Moore \u2014 With A Warning A lawsuit could hurt more than help.
The New York Times Has Suspended Glenn Thrush Amid Sexual Misconduct Claims A Vox reporter detailed how \scared, violated, angry\ she and other women felt after interactions with Thrush.
Finding News In The Noise It\u2019s time to wake up to this very simple realization
My Story It\u2019s no surprise that so many have been sharing their experiences. Over the past month Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey
Jim Bakker Claims 'Merry Christmas' Was Outlawed Televangelist fires a new salvo in the \War on Christmas.\
Twitter Now Revoking Verified Profiles That Break Its New Rules A number of high-profile white nationalists have lost their blue check marks.
Hannity Drops Roy Moore Ultimatum After Senate Nominee Writes Letter \We demanded, rightly, answers ... . He provided them.\
Shep Smith Breaks From Fox News Coverage, Tears \u2018Uranium One\u2019 Scandal To Shreds Since the segment, Uranium One has been mentioned over 40 times on various Fox News shows.
Hannity The Fox News host gives the former judge 24 hours to clear up sexual abuse allegations or exit the race.
Russia Votes to Enact Restrictions On Foreign Media Outlets Russia has named nine U.S.-backed outlets that may face new restrictions.
An Open Letter To Editors Rejecting #MeToo, #MeAt14 Submissions By Victims I want to address the editors around the globe who are currently sifting through the very personal #MeToo and #MeAt14 narratives
Alabama\u2019s Biggest Newspaper Calls On GOP To Withdraw Support For Roy Moore The editorial board says the \unseemly\ judge simply cannot be senator.
Lisa Bloom 'Disturbed' By Bill O'Reilly's Lawsuit Against Accuser's Ex-Boyfriend O'Reilly is suing a man over a Facebook post detailing sexual harassment accusations against the former Fox News host.
Famed New York Gossip Columnist Liz Smith Dead At 94 Her column was widely syndicated, and at her peak she earned more than $1 million a year.
Advertisers Ditch Sean Hannity Over His Coverage Of Roy Moore's Alleged Pursuit of Teens At least five companies, including Keurig and Nature's Bounty, have publicly distanced themselves from the Fox News host this week.
Report Is there a Fox in the Time Warner merger deal?
Critics Blast Newsweek\u2019s 'Tone Deaf' Penis Balloon-Popping Trump Cover \Why does every attempt at female empowerment and safety-seeking get equated with castrating or otherwise 'harming' men?\
TNT Analysts Mocking UCLA Player's Arrest Is Not A Good Look Charles Barkley, Shaquille O'Neal and Kenny Smith pile on the jokes.
Should We Be Concerned That Culture Creators Are Engaging In Sexual Abuse? These men have enjoyed so much control over our culture for decades.
Comedian Rambles About Louis CK's Accusations In a New York Times expose, Louis CK is accused of asking women if he could masturbate in front of them and then doing so
NPR CEO Jarl Mohn Takes Medical Leave Of Absence Amid Harassment Scandal He blamed a rise in hypertension for his leave, which comes after a top NPR editor resigned after sexual harassment allegations came to light.
Weinstein's Lawyer Tried To Silence The Times While His Firm Was Representing The Paper The newspaper \will be pursuing appropriate remedies,\ it said following the New Yorker report.
Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson Declared Too Biased For UK Viewers The Fox News hosts broke British impartiality rules, the country's media regulator said.
Reddit And Violent Speech There is no clear consensus on how to draw the line between free speech and hate speech.
The President Of Stranger Things Why we just can't turn away from Trump.
Joe Scarborough Says Washington Would 'Melt Down' If Shooter Were Named Muhammad The \Morning Joe\ host discussed President Trump's varied response to the Texas shooting and last week's New York terrorist attack.
With The Shuttering Of Gothamist And DNAinfo, We All Lose Two cornerstones of local New York news just disappeared. Meanwhile, on-the-ground reporting is more necessary than ever.
Billionaire's Decision To Shutter DNAInfo, Gothamist Could Chill Union Campaigns In Media The next news site fighting a union drive likely will try to wield it as a cautionary tale.
Publisher Of The New Republic Resigns Amid Harassment Allegations The magazine says it will continue its investigation into Hamilton Fish's conduct toward female staffers.
Russian Trolls Didn't Need To Infiltrate The American Media, Because We Let Them In We found more than 40 examples of Russian accounts easily weaseling their way into all sorts of news organizations \u2014 including ours.
Jake Tapper Unloads On 'Sick' And 'Disgusting' Fox News In Blistering Takedown CNN host calls out Fox over a \deliberate lie.\
Fox News' Shepard Smith Gets Emotional Paying Tribute To New York City \New York City made you proud last night.\
Gothamist Sites And DNAinfo Shut Down After Staffers Unionize Their CEO cited financial reasons for the closure.
Bruce Bartlett On Stopping Fake News In Its Tracks Over the years Bruce Bartlett has experienced how the media covers politics and government from both sides \u2013 first as a Capitol
Top NPR Editor Resigns After Sexual Harassment Allegations He was placed on leave Tuesday after the Washington Post published two women's accusations.
Top NPR Editor Placed On Leave Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations The alleged incidents occurred when Michael Oreskes headed The New York Times Washington bureau in the late 1990s.
People Are Officially Done With John Kelly After His 'Absurd' Civil War Comments The White House chief of staff blamed the war on a \lack of compromise.\
Here's What 'Fox & Friends' Covered On Manafort Indictment Day A tale of Trump tweets, Dean Cain and an emoji cheeseburger.
Media Skewered For Focus On Kevin Spacey Coming Out Rather Than Harassment \THIS IS NOT THE STORY.\
NBC Fires Mark Halperin Following Sexual Harassment And Assault Allegations At least a dozen women have publicly accused him of sexual misconduct.
Keith Olbermann Breaks Down Just How Donald Trump Manipulates Americans Via Twitter \He has perfected the fireside tweet.\
Bill Maher \Fox News has become state TV.\
Fox News Revenues Nosedive Despite Trump's Constant Viewing MSNBC is up 2 percent and CNN is down just 1 percent.
New York Times Comment Goes Hilariously Wrong Whoops!
'Morning Joe' Hosts 'Fully Support' Decision To Suspend Longtime Contributor Mark Halperin \We\u2019re not going to avoid the story just because he is our friend,\ co-host Mika Brzezinski said.
Bill O'Reilly Allegedly Called Woman He Was Harassing To Get Dirt On Another Victim The ex-partner of the woman O'Reilly supposedly telephoned says he heard the conversation.
Former Fox Host Eric Bolling Says His Son Died Of An Accidental Overdose The death of 19-year-old Eric Chase Bolling has been linked to opioids.
Fox News Devoted Hours To Harvey Weinstein Scandal, But Minutes To Bill O\u2019Reilly\u2019s \At this pace, Fox News would need 21 years to give O'Reilly the amount of coverage they gave Weinstein over 3 weeks.\
Multiple Women Accuse Veteran Journalist Mark Halperin Of Sexual Harassment \u201cI now understand from these accounts that my behavior was inappropriate and caused others pain,\ he says.
Why We Need 'Pull-No-Punches Reporting' That Holds Big Corporations And Moneyed Interests Accountable The problem with the media today is not fake news. The problem is that we don\u2019t get enough of the news we really need. I
'I Was Blind And Complicit And Just, Like, Did Nothing' The magazine's literary editor, Leon Wieseltier, is accused of harassment and inappropriate behavior.
Donald Trump Is A 'Dangerous Clown' On The New Yorker\u2019s New Cover \He\u2019s already a cartoon villain, infantile and strange.\
Even As California Burned, Fox News Favored Trump's NFL Controversy Overall, cable news gave Trump's NFL comments more than triple the segments it gave California's wildfires.
Twitter Is A More Comfortable Place For Perpetrators Than It Is For Sexual Violence Survivors I've seen firsthand how the social media behemoth undercuts victims and enables rape apologists.
Leon Wieseltier\u2019s New Magazine Is The Latest Casualty In Reckoning Over Bad Male Behavior Laurene Powell Jobs' organization has cut ties with Wieseltier over what it calls his \past inappropriate workplace conduct.\
Bill O'Reilly Dropped By His Talent Agency The move follows reports of a $32 million O'Reilly sexual harassment settlement.
Eric Bolling Tells Bill O\u2019Reilly Not To Use His Son\u2019s Death As Political Cover The Fox News fallout continues as O'Reilly later apologizes.
Megyn Kelly Reveals She Complained To Fox News About Bill O'Reilly Kelly delivered a pointed monologue Monday about her former colleague.
Mark Cuban May Run Against Donald Trump In 2020 As A Republican \u201cI wouldn\u2019t run unless I have solutions.\
New Investigative Website Fights Rich And Powerful \u2018Who Call the Shots\u2019 Corporate insider-turned-whistleblower Wendell Potter starts up an investigative website to expose corruption and show the public how to fight back.
In Joke Few Find Funny, Czech President Waves Fake Gun Marked 'For Journalists' A few months ago, Milos Zeman was caught telling Russia's Vladimir Putin that journalists should be killed.
Rachel Maddow Defends Niger Theory After Experts Call It\u00a0'Conspiracymongering' The MSNBC host suggested Trump's travel ban may have caused the deadly ambush. Experts disagree.
Report The network knew of the agreement when it renewed O'Reilly's contract.
Jemele Hill Says She Deserved ESPN Suspension \After My Donald Trump Tweets\ But Hill said she'll \never take back what I said.\
Columnists Shouldn't Have Trumpeted Dubious Poll Showing Free Speech Is 'Deeply Imperiled' On Campuses The Denver Post has run two guest opinion columns (by a local columnist\u00a0here and by a syndicated columnist here) relying
BBC Anchor Delivers The Most Unenthusiastic Royal Baby Report Ever Simon McCoy serves up the news with some classic British snark.
Mandalay Bay Security Guard To Appear On \u2018Ellen\u2019 After Ducking Other Interviews Jesus Campos had disappeared before scheduled interview appearances.
Newsweek Journalists Weigh Sex Discrimination Suit Against Magazine Fingers are being pointed at Matt McAllester, the magazine\u2019s recently departed global editor-in-chief.
The Challenge To Restore Our Sanity It is increasingly difficult to discern exactly where the US stands on any issue, whose voice matters or how decisions are made.
My Belated Thank You To Fareed Zakaria In one of his typical overstatements, notable for its unhinged bluster and truculence as well as its unintended alliteration
U.K. Radio Host James O'Brien calls out Trump supporters over a double standard.
The Populist Assault on Journalism Since he first descended his golden escalator to announce his run for the White House, people have continually under-estimated
Trump Praises A Guy Fired For Giving A Nazi Salute As A 'Source Of Truth' The president gave a shoutout to Jeffrey Lord.
A TV Station Identified This Denver Bronco As A 'Tight Butt' This blooper is the end-all.
Trump Promotes Book About Himself Right After Author Is On Fox News \Really good book!\ the president wrote about \The Art of the Donald\ just minutes afterward.
Sources NBC had concerns related to the story\u2019s sourcing, HuffPost has learned.
Tamron Hall Calls Weinstein Allegations Horrifying, Says She Spoke To Him Directly The former \Today\ show host said she is now working with her agents on next steps about a talk show deal she signed with The Weinstein Co.
It's Not Just The Guns... It's The Media You want to know where gun violence comes from? Look no further than your TV set or your local cinema. Bruce Willis is back
Donald Trump Jr's Twitter Feud With Jimmy Kimmel Apparently, Trump Junior expects better behavior from Hollywood celebrities than he does his own father
Our Gutenberg Moment No one is off the hook.
TV Journalist Says Harvey Weinstein Masturbated In Front Of Her The new revelation, which allegedly took place a decade ago, comes  after an explosive New York Times report said Weinstein had previously settled eight sexual harassment claims.
Newly Published Emails Reveal Journalists Encouraged Alt-Right To Bully Women This includes a former managing editor at Broadly, Vice's women's channel.
Harvey Weinstein Expresses \u2018Regret,\u2019 Moves To Sue The New York Times Anyway Weinstein's lawyer says the Times \ignored\ facts ... but the movie mogul never denied allegations of sexual harassment.
The Journalist And The Fixer Who makes the story possible?
Why No Hurricane Maria National Telethon? Donald Trump isn't the only one whose response is worthy of criticism.
It Took Just 1 Minute For Chuck Todd To Shut Down Gun Control Critics Todd responded to conservatives who argue \now is not the time to talk about gun violence.\
'Fox & Friends' Extends Morning Broadcast To Five Hours Trump can start his morning tweet rampages even earlier now!
Incensed Sean Hannity Says Talking Gun Control After Las Vegas Is 'Shameful' The Fox News host said it was \despicable\ to \politicize\ the mass shooting with talks of gun control.
Sorry Trump, New Poll Says More People Trust The Media Now Experts say the poll suggests Americans are gradually recognizing the importance of the press.
How Bad Journalism Promotes Moral Panic About Media Violence This essay was coauthored with Dr. Patrick Markey at Villanova University. Helping parents and policy makers understand the
Bill O'Reilly On Las Vegas Massacre \Americans have a right to arm themselves for protection,\ he wrote. \Even the loons.\u201d
TV Reporter's Water Breaks Right At This Moment During Newscast NBC New York's Natalie Pasquarella is \overjoyed\ with her newborn son.
'Art Of The Deal' Co-Author Tony Schwartz says that the president is \delusional.\
Mark Zuckerberg He admitted this after Donald Trump claimed that Facebook was \always anti-Trump.\
Why I Call On 'Time' Magazine To Name Kaepernick The 2017 Person of the Year The instant he took his fateful knee in August 2016, he more than fit the bill.
Meghan McCain Is Joining 'The View' McCain left her role at Fox News earlier this month.
Failed White House Communications Director Now Ready To Try Journalism Anthony Scaramucci is desperate for a comeback.
Tweets Will Get Twice As Long And People Are Afraid Many are wondering how one avid Twitter user will embrace the space.
Apparently Frightened, Milo Skedaddles After Mere Minutes In Berkeley This is how Yiannopoulos\u2019 raucous exit looked. [Video credit
Bill O'Reilly Returning To Fox News To Appear As A Guest On Sean Hannity's Show The former Fox anchor was forced out at the network amid numerous sexual harassment allegations.
Trump's NFL Attacks Appear To Fuel Huge Facebook Gains For Breitbart And Fox Breitbart had the top Facebook post of any major U.S. publisher this weekend.
Megyn Kelly's New Morning Show Debuts Monday The former Fox News host is taking over what had been the \Today\ show's 9 a.m. hour.
Anderson Cooper Has A Very Blunt Message For Sean Spicer CNN host calls out the former White House press secretary.
Livid Jimmy Kimmel Turns Up The Heat On Sen. Bill Cassidy For Second Night \u201cCould it be, Sen. Cassidy, that the problem is that I do understand and you got caught with your G-O-Penis out?\
Bill O'Reilly Says He Was A Good Mentor To Women Working At Fox News The network fired the former host amid mounting sexual harassment allegations.
Alex Jones Rants That Jimmy Kimmel Is 'Pimping' His Son 'To Push Obamacare' The infamous conspiracy theorist alternatively describes Kimmel as \cancer,\ \Grandma dying of a heart attack,\ \Grandpa with a brain tumor,\ and \failure.\
HuffPost Readers Inspire Hit Podcast, 'Truth Or Dare' It all started with a single article on small talk. In early 2016, I rang Dr. Bernardo Carducci, professor of Psychology
The Village Voice I hate to think the internet killed the print edition of the Village Voice this week, but that is the truth. Just as the
Lawrence O'Donnell Lost His Mind Over A Malfunctioning Earpiece And oh, yes, there's video.
Burns's Vietnam Episode 3 Should Have Addressed Human Costs Of Bombing The North Ken Burns and Lynn Novick\u2019s documentary on the Vietnam War has continued its run on PBS, covering the JFK and early LBJ years
Tucker Carlson Had A Witch On His Show. It Did Not Go As Planned \u201cSincere question
The Censorious Vortex Of The 'Flash News' Barons For decades, the factors that decided what noteworthy stories would not find their way into print or on the air came down
April Ryan Is Not Letting Sean Spicer Off The Hook After His Emmy Moment \He needs to apologize for a lot of things,\ the Washington correspondent says.
Conservative Analyst Scottie Nell Hughes Sues Fox News Over Handling Of Rape Allegation She hopes \justice will prevent other women from going through the nightmare\ she's experiencing.
Rolling Stone Magazine Is Up For Sale The magazine reaches an audience of over 65 million people.
Donald Trump Is Demanding An Apology. Don Lemon Has The Perfect Response. CNN anchor has a reminder for the president.
Whitesplaining Ta-Nehisi Coates With help from a few of my fellow commentators.
New Yorker Releases Cover It Would Have Run If Hillary Clinton Had Won The image is called \The First.\
Creating Asian-American Content Goes Beyond Talking About Asian-Specific Issues It\u2019s about creating pieces where stories are universal and relatable.
Thanks For Your Brave Hurricane Reporting \u2014 Now Please Go Inside Extreme weather journalists are not the calm we need in a storm.
Ripping Ted Cruz\u2019s Vanilla-Sexy Taste Doesn\u2019t Help You're only furthering his message of sexual repression and devaluation.
President Trump And Racial Politics First, in addition to sending all of my heartfelt best wishes for a speedy and full recovery to all those suffering \u00a0losses
No, \u201860 Minutes\u2019 Didn\u2019t Purposely Make Steve Bannon Look Like A \u2018Bleary-Eyed Drunk\u2019 News experts rejected the color-coordinated conspiracy theory.
What The 24/7 Media Covering Hurricane Irma Doesn't Get About Evacuation The working poor get paid on a Friday, so by the time they finally get their checks and even think of leaving, they see that all the supplies of gas, food and water is gone.
White House Social Media Director Busted For Tweeting Fake News Dan Scavino Jr. was called out for sharing a bogus #HurricaneIrma video.
Seeking Civility It\u2019s not every day journalists adopt a tactic used by political candidates. But in our tumultuous times, empathy appears to be a skill that is lacking across society.
Union Square Face Off, Week Of 9/11 A heated free-for-all argument between hawks and doves in Union Square boils down to a fight between a man and a woman over
Eric Bolling's 19-Year-Old Son Found Dead Eric Chase Bolling died hours after Fox News announced his father's departure from the network.
Eric Bolling Out At Fox News The news comes a month after HuffPost reported the host sent unsolicited lewd texts to female colleagues.
Keith Olbermann The pundit insists that the press report on the president's mental health.
Rush Limbaugh Claims Hurricane Irma Is Part Of A Vast Conspiracy Conservative radio host says storms are used to sell bottled water and batteries.
Piers Morgan Bragged About How Manly He Is. It Didn't Go Well. Sorry, Piers. The world is not impressed.
Cambodian Paper Takes Parting Shot At 'Dictatorship' In Final Edition The Cambodia Daily was one of Cambodia's most stridently independent newspapers.
Trump Lawyer Asks Journalist If She's On Drugs After James Comey Question Ty Cobb made the remarks in a late night email exchange with Business Insider's Natasha Bertrand.
Ken Burns And The Vietnam War Initial excerpts suggest the series isn\u2019t looking to provide definitive answers, perhaps as a way of avoiding political controversy in the Age of Trump.
My Response To The Latest 'Charlie Hebdo' Cover As The Senior Editor Of 'MAD Magazine' This is precisely the kind of satire that we do not engage in at 'MAD.'
Twitter Users School Infowars Editor Over Claim That 'Orwell Rolls In His Grave' At Antifa \Read a f****n' book.\
Bush's Press Secretary Criticizes Trump's Harvey Response For Lacking Empathy \He needs another moment today, though, to talk to the people of Houston and the first responders of Houston to say thank you.\
The News On North Korea Is Spun Again. Here's Why It Matters. | The Knife\u00a0Media Readers may be used to sensational reporting, as the media often mixes facts with opinion and dramatic language (spin). The
Jim Acosta Won't Allow Texas GOP Rep To Simply Mimic Ted Cruz's Hypocrisy \There really wasn\u2019t very much pork at all in that bill.\
Fox News Pulled Off The Air In UK Because No One Watches It Parent company 21st Century Fox says \it is not in our commercial interest to continue providing Fox News in the U.K.\u201d
Why I Will Not Be Your Facebook Friend I will not be your Facebook friend. It\u2019s not because I don\u2019t like you. It\u2019s not because you haven\u2019t asked. It\u2019s because I\u2019m
Jesse Watters Falls For Fake Photo Of Shark Swimming In Houston Know your internet hoaxes, Fox News.
Kellyanne Conway Uses Flood Victim's Agitated Interview To Take A Dig At CNN Minutes later, Conway tweeted glowing praise over a Fox News interview with a different Hurricane Harvey survivor.
MSNBC's Katy Tur Calls Out Ted Cruz's Hypocrisy For Opposing Hurricane Sandy Relief \It\u2019s not really political sniping,  senator.\
Reporter Leads Rescuers To Truck Driver Trapped In 10 Feet Of Water The fast-acting news crew caught the rescue on film.
Filmmakers Look At The Myths Of Racism Sabaah Folayan and Damon Davis\u2019 new documentary \u201cWhose Streets?\u201d may take the recent racial justice movement out of Ferguson
People Are Falling In Love With The Powerful 'Humans Of New York' Docuseries Trailer \If I cry looking at the pictures and stories, then I know not to watch this in public.\
Washington Post Humor Columnist Challenges Donald Trump To A Duel \Your weapon and venue of choice.\
Wall Street Journal Editor Berates Reporters For Critical Trump Coverage The editor-in-chief told reporters their coverage was packaged in \selective criticism,\ according to emails obtained by The New York Times.
Trump Takes Authoritarian Stance In Portraying Journalists As Anti-American Enemy \u201cThis was incitement, plain and simple\u201d ABC News correspondent Cecilia Vega said following Trump's Phoenix rally.
Ana Navarro Defends Tweet About Trump \Go read my tweet. It\u2019s right there.\
Are Christians Easy Prey For Propaganda? Fox News and CBN News are two peas in the same propaganda pod.
Think The New York Times And Fox Covered Bannon Differently? Yes And No. | The Knife\u00a0Media (The Knife Media) Stephen Bannon left the White House. What are the measurable facts? Well, he left, plain and simple. Compare
Breitbart News Wants Trump To Know His Base Is Not Happy About Afghanistan \President Trump\u2019s 'America First' base was the biggest loser of Trump\u2019s speech on Afghanistan,\ wrote Breitbart's Adam Shaw.
Jake Tapper Schools Paul Ryan On How To Respond To Nazis And Bigots Trump's Charlottesville reaction wasn't \morally ambiguous, it was morally wrong,\ Tapper told Ryan.
Steve Bannon's Return To Breitbart May Cause Rift In Trump's Media Base The former White House strategist has long viewed Murdoch's Fox News as \globalist\ in approach versus his \populist, nationalist\ Breitbart.
The 1979 Solar Eclipse Ended With A Heartbreaking Wish For The Future Nearly 40 years ago, one TV anchor shared an optimistic hope for 2017.
Sarah Pillsbury On The Intersection Of Hollywood And Activism Sarah Pillsbury does not have a conventional Hollywood career. On top of producing such films as \u201cDesperately Seeking Susan
James Murdoch Rips Donald Trump's Response To Charlottesville \u201cI can\u2019t even believe I have to write this
Here's The Strange World President Trump Sees Whenever He Looks At Twitter New feed shows all 45 accounts Trump follows.
Jake Tapper's Grim Reminder The president was racist long before Bannon joined up with him, the CNN host said.
Steve Bannon Returns To Breitbart News, Talks Of 'War' To Come Bannon says he's targeting Trump's opponents, but some believe Breitbart could hit the White House, too.
CNN's Brooke Baldwin Had To Take A Water Break Recounting 4 Weeks Of Trump The anchor's summary of recent White House doings is a doozy.
New York Times Editorial Editor Says They Didn't Intend To Wrongly Blame Sarah Palin James Bennet was testifying about an editorial that shouldn't have linked Palin's PAC to the Gabby Giffords shooting.
The Economist Sounds Off On Trump With Cover Showing KKK Hood As His Megaphone The president is \morally barren and temperamentally unfit for office,\ states this week's cover story.
Progressive Groups Push CNN To Invite Paul Ryan's Democratic Challenger To Town Hall They say the voters should hear from both the House speaker and Randy Bryce.
The Bob Cesca Show Today\u2019s topics include
Anderson Cooper Questions Whether Trump Is 'President For All People Or Just White Ones' \u201cA few hours ago, the president of the United States revealed to us so clearly who he really is.\
Warning This is an opinion piece, and it may not be popular. It\u2019s certainly not the main narrative on cable news or Twitter today
Pulitzer-Winner James Risen Joins The Intercept And First Look Media The New York Times veteran will help steer national security reporting and direct press freedom fund.
Van Jones \This is not a time to talk about \u2018both sides.\u2019\u201d
CNN's Charlottesville Coverage Shows Its Deep Bench Of Pro-Trump Pundits Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany are gone, but a half-dozen reliably supportive paid commentators appeared.
Freedom Of The Press Is A Fundamental Human Need By John J. Martin The United Nations adopted 17\u00a0Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in 2015, which were designed to \u201cend
Fox News Host Compares Charlottesville White Supremacists To Black Lives Matter The host compared demonstrators draped in Confederate flags and Nazi emblems to a movement against police brutality.
Henry David Thoreau\u2019s Views Of 19th-century Media Resonate Today By Mark Canada, Indiana University The world knows Henry David Thoreau as a writer whose perspectives on nature and society
How The Internet Has Transformed Capitalism Jonathan Taplin, the founding director of the USC Annenberg Innovation Lab, doesn\u2019t believe in the \u201cinternet revolution.\u201d In
New York Times Editorial Page Editor To Testify In Sarah Palin Defamation Case She claims the paper knowingly published false information about her.
Actually, CNN's Jeffrey Lord Has Been 'Indefensible' For A While If CNN has a problem with racism, it should have ousted Lord a long time ago.
Reporter's Lawyer Demands Fox News Host Drop Lawsuit Over Lewd Texting Story She called Eric Bolling's $50 million defamation claim against Yashar Ali \utterly devoid of merit.\
Conservative Media Voices Line Up Against Trump-Friendly Sinclair\u2019s Purchase Of Tribune The challenge from the right comes as progressive opponents fear ideology would be injected into more local newscasts.
'Failing' New York Times Delivers the Perfect Response To Donald Trump's Latest Insults The paper of record sets the record straight.
Anderson Cooper's Show Mocks Vacationing Donald Trump With Snarky Chyron They're not wrong.
Who Is Saying All Those Mean Things About Liberals? After the election of 2016, as many others, I was surprised, disappointed, and fearful. So as a result I frequently \u201cliked
Jeff Sessions' Tough Talk On Leaks Heightens Fears Of Jailing Journalists The deputy attorney general will meet with news leaders after Sessions announced a plan to revisit Obama-era guidelines on press freedom.
Chris Cuomo Gets Into Heated Debate With Kellyanne Conway On Live TV Watch the sparks fly.
Why Hasn't A Woman Run The New York Times Styles Section In Decades? The paper's latest hire, Choire Sicha, draws high praise. But inescapably gendered criticisms have always dogged the section.
New York Times Group Erupts Over Charge Editorial Was Softened At Governor\u2019s Behest Editorial page editor calls the anonymous accusation on an alumni Facebook page \u201ca complete lie.\u201d
Journalism Advocates Join In Tracking Trump-Era Attacks On The Press The U.S. Press Freedom Tracker will catalog arrests, threats and assaults against journalists.
GOP Strategist Calls Out 'Little Child' Trump For His Lack Of Impulse Control Steve Schmidt also says the White House is a \latter-day zoo.\
Keith Olbermann It's \constructed entirely out of chaos.\
Sunday Times Fires Columnist Over Anti-Semitic, Sexist Story Writer Kevin Myers derided two female BBC presenters who earn less than their male counterparts.
Montage Of News Anchors Trying To Cover Anthony Scaramucci's Rant Is Bleeping Funny \We'd have to delete so many expletives you would not understand what the quote meant.\
'Fox & Friends' On Health Care The hosts derided Democratic senators for taking selfies after the vote.
The Poverty And Shame Of Le Monde Diplomatique Le Monde diplomatique, which has no editorial connection to the newspaper Le Monde, is not well known outside France. In
Trump\u2019s Attacks On Jeff Sessions Test Breitbart\u2019s Support For The President The pro-Trump site has long been closely aligned with the \u2018beleaguered\u2019 attorney general.
Jason Chaffetz Still Obsessed With Hillary Clinton, Wants Chelsea To Testify The Trumps \need to actually get a lot of credit for openness and transparency,\u201d the ex-congressman says.
MSNBC Makes Network History With Stretch Of No. 1 Cable Ratings The channel enjoyed a week as the winner.
The New York Times Doesn't Get Its Apology From 'Fox & Friends' Over ISIS Segment A Times spokeswoman called a weekend segment questioning its journalists' patriotism \sheer hypocrisy.\
Bill Nye Slams \u2018Dingbats,\u2019 Says Climate Deniers Are Old And Will Soon Be Dead \It\u2019ll happen, I guarantee you \u2015 that\u2019ll happen.\
Trump 'Loved' His New Communications Director's Feud With CNN Anthony Scaramucci's stock with the president reportedly soared after the network's flawed story forced three journalists to resign.
Keith Olbermann Breaks Down How The Media Now Needs To Handle Donald Trump \The America media continues to adhere to some fanciful, noble but stupid conception of balance.\
Sean Hannity Goes Berserk After Losing Conservative Media Award The Fox News host assailed those who backed out of honoring him as \Never Trumpers.\
Is Facebook\u2019s Subscription-Based News Service Bad For The Publishing Industry? Publishers are becoming increasingly dependent on Facebook for revenue.
Anti-LGBTQ Group Spokesperson Pulls The 'Fake News' Card Attention focused on the homophobic deeds of the organization Alliance Defending Freedom and the Southern Poverty Law Center
Reporter Hailed A \u2018Patriot' For Defying White House By Live-Streaming Press Briefing Since June 29, the White House has banned live audio and video coverage of its press briefings.
Sean Spicer Finally Takes On-Camera Questions -- From The Christian Broadcasting Network The White House has not held a televised press briefing since June 29.
Sean Hannity Attacks 'Pampered, Overpaid, Spoiled' GOP For 'Epic Failure' \Get out of Washington!\
Trump's Old Words Bite Him In The Butt\u00a0As He Tries To Duck Responsibility \Leadership
How A Political Scientist Broke The News Of Trump's Meeting With Putin Ian Bremmer explains the most \unnerving\ part of Trump's conversation.
Fox News Appears To Troll Donald Trump With 'Get Something Done' Chyron \Fox News grabs the zeitgeist by the horns.\
Dallas Morning News Columnist Calls Out Donald Trump In Fiery Op-Ed The veteran journalist says Trump's caused \unprecedented global disdain and embarrassment.\
Ann Coulter Claims Delta Changed Her Seat For Political Reasons Twitter-world responds.
The Difference Between Watchers And Doers As a Chief Weapons Inspector with the United Nations Special Commission in Iraq, I often found myself in the media limelight
Silencing War Criticism In The USA Jesse Ventura, former governor of Minnesota (1999-2003), was a hot media commodity as the Bush/Cheney administration was
Theo Fleury's Victor Walk - In Talks With The Documentary's Director You\u2019re currently in your festival run. What has the response been like so far? People have been moved at every screening
NRA Claims The Washington Post Is Where 'Journalism Dies' The pro-gun group\u2019s disturbing new video accuses the newspaper of fueling anarchy.
The Media Must Go! (Read To The End) Sometimes, it\u2019s all about which word we use. Remember the confusion when Kentuckians were asked their opinions about Obamacare
Shepard Smith Is Fed Up With Trump Camp's 'Lies' And 'Deception' On Russia \The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling,\ the Fox News host tells anchor Chris Wallace.
Trump Speaks Off The Record To Reporters Amid Solo News Conference Drought The White House later decided to allow portions on the record, leaving journalists in an awkward spot.
Anderson Cooper Gets Fed Up With Trump Official Dodging His Questions \You're shaking shiny objects trying to divert people.\
Shep Smith Teases Trump For Saying He Doesn't Have Time To Watch TV \Come on!\
States Should Require Schools To Teach Media Literacy To Combat Fake News In this era of fake news, conspiracy theories, hoaxes, alternative facts, covfefe, and biased advocacy journalism outlets
Wall Street Journal Announces Restructure, Hints At Diversity Push Among Leadership \u201cWe need to be genuinely inclusive,\ Editor-in-Chief Gerard Baker said in a memo to staff.
Hannity Opens Trump Jr. Interview With Attack On 'Overpaid, Lazy' Media The Fox News host also singled out MSNBC's Joe Scarborough.
Here\u2019s Everything Pat Robertson Asked The Last Time He Interviewed Donald Trump Don't expect any deep probing of the Russia scandal in Thursday's '700 Club' broadcast.
Donald Trump Jr. Became \u2018Totally Transparent\u2019 After The New York Times Got The Goods The president's son published emails tied to a 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer as the paper readied another scoop.
The Wall Street Journal Admits It Has A Gender Problem, Pledges To Fix It Reporters inside the paper are skeptical about the plan.
Tomi Lahren Ad Aims To Add 'Levity' To Current Political Climate She says symptoms for \snowflakeism\ include \Bern-ing\ and saying \I'm with her.\
This Instagram Collects Sweet Photos Of Grandmas Hit By Trump's Travel Ban \u201cIt almost seems malicious that grandparents are part of the travel ban \u2026 I don't think we ever had a terrorist attack committed by a senior citizen.\u201d
Senator Asks Attorney General For Any Evidence Trump Meddled In CNN Deal If the White House interfered with the AT&T-Time Warner merger, Sen. Amy Klobuchar said, it would violate the First Amendment.
The Reality TV Presidency! I have to admit from the very first episode I have been hooked on the Kardashians. What a perfect way to escape! Just turn
Fox News Contributor Jason Chaffetz Rips GOP For Health Care Mess \It really feels like they haven't gotten together and figured out a plan yet,\ the former representative said.
Journalists Unite! White House Attacks On Media Call For Collective Defense Continuing to be White House punching bags isn\u2019t an option.
Redditor Behind Trump-CNN Wrestling Video Issues Lengthy Apology, Deletes User Account The user, \u201cHanAssholeSolo,\u201d posted the apology after CNN reportedly found their real identity.
Conservative Activist Grover Norquist blasts reports the White House is considering raising the top rate.
Trump's Strain On Free Speech The president's tweet attacking CNN may be legally protected, but it's dangerous and worth denouncing.
Fox Sports' Jamie Horowitz Fired Amid Sexual Harassment Investigation The news comes a week into the probe.
Ana Navarro On Trump's CNN Tweet \Maybe that will stop him.\
Joe And Mika Owe America An Apology Let\u2019s not forget that the \u201cMorning Joe\u201d cohosts, particularly Scarborough, are partly responsible for Trump becoming president.
Tinder Users Are Swiping Left On Trump Fans And Sean Hannity Can't Deal He gets in full \You kids get off my lawn\ mode.
Find Your Breath While Reporting in the Age of Trump The landscape of the journalist\u2019s workday has changed considerably since I was active in the field. I worked for CNN, starting
Brian Karem Says Sarah Huckabee Sanders Confrontation Was 'A Long Time Coming' \Don't pour water in my ear and tell me it's raining. Just give me the facts.\
Sean Hannity Says He And Newt Gingrich Have Been 'Sole Voice\u2019 Of \u2018Sanity In The Media\u2019 He also called for Hillary Clinton's emails to be investigated. Again.
Donald Trump Has Become The Kardashians... And That's An Insult To The Kardashians Because the Kardashians have not, to my knowledge, ever cozied up to a Russian dictator, lied prodigiously as a matter of
Kellyanne Conway Is Back On The Sunday Shows, But Nothing's Changed The once ubiquitous Trump surrogate returns with more \alternative facts.\
Can Journalists Avoid 'Normalizing?' Let\u2019s face it
Trump Touts Putting 'Minors' Back To Work, Twitter Goes Giddy \u201cHopefully the miners get work also.\u201d
Journalists Condemn Trump Press Restrictions, But Don't Expect Them To Boycott Briefings \They don\u2019t want the American public to see this live,\u201d CNN's Wolf Blitzer said as video coverage is again barred.
Michael Moore Slams Dems Liberal filmmaker tells party leaders to \get a friggin' clue.\
Journalists Lash Out As Georgia Campaigns Bar Media Right And Left CNN's Jake Tapper slams \bipartisan petulance.\
Keith Olbermann \Better him than our country,\ Olbermann warns on \The Resistance.\
Pennsylvania Radio Host Quits After He's Ordered To Not Criticize Donald Trump \The fact that my bosses would censor me ... is ridiculous,\ says Bruce Bond.
Australian Broadcaster Apologizes For Asking Asian Journalist, 'Are You Yellow?' \I came across as racist,\ Red Symons later admits.
Megyn Kelly Grills Alex Jones In Controversial Interview But Jones evaded most of her toughest questions.
Democrats Are 'Children Of Satan,' Right-Wing Radio Host Says Jesse Lee Peterson slams acts of political unity after shooting at Alexandria baseball field.
Megyn Kelly Is Guilty Of Journalism Like comic book fanboys who write bad reviews of a superhero movie based on its trailer, Megyn Kelly\u2019s interview with raging
Alex Jones Doubles Down On Threats Ahead Of Megyn Kelly Show The conspiracy theorist claims he has eight hours of secret recordings of Kelly and her crew.
I Teach Government And Megyn Kelly Makes My Job More Difficult Sunday\u2019s shameful episode is the sick but predictable outgrowth of everything you, Fox, and the cable news industry has built.
I Despise Alex Jones, And I\u2019m Glad Megyn Kelly Interviewed Him The fight against Jones and his allies must be one of confrontation.
How The Press Is Helping Republicans Keep Their Health Care Bill Secret Senate Republicans are deliberately crafting legislation in complete secret. And it\u2019s not just any legislation. This is a
Megyn Kelly, Alex Jones, And Alien-Human Hybrids A firestorm erupted this week when NBC released a highlight reel of the forthcoming Megyn Kelly interview with Alex Jones
Journalist Reacts To Being Shot In The Neck In The Philippines In Calmest Way Possible \Bullet is still in my neck, but it missed everything important.\
CNN Chief Says NBC's Marketing Of Alex Jones Interview Was A 'Big Mistake' But Jeff Zucker still thinks the conspiracy-pushing host is a newsworthy subject.
CNN Chief Calls Politicians' Attacks On The Media 'Shameful' And 'Dangerous' Anti-press rhetoric and threats are \much more serious than I think anybody would realize,\ says Jeff Zucker.
Donald Trump Blocked Me On\u00a0Twitter This tweet was in response to President Trump saying he would be nominating Christopher Wray as the new FBI Director. I am
Mostly False Politifact says researchers should give people coal-industry talking points before polling their views on climate policy.
Here's Why Post-O'Reilly Fox News Is Even More Pro-Trump It has now been several weeks since the stunning fall of Fox News\u2019 most profitable personality. It seems like Bill O\u2019Reilly\u2019s
Megyn Kelly Defends Alex Jones Interview After Criticism From Sandy Hook Families Jones has suggested that the Sandy Hook school shooting was a hoax orchestrated by gun control advocates.
Shame On NBC And Megyn Kelly For Giving Alex Jones A Platform The harm he has inflicted on the loved ones of the Sandy Hook massacre by claiming it was a hoax is despicable.
Reporter Punched By GOP Candidate Gives Fiery Defense Of Free Press \This needs to stop,\ Ben Jacobs said at the sentencing of Greg Gianforte.
Associated Press Names Julie Pace As Washington Bureau Chief She'll get more \firepower\ to cover Trump-Russia story, as New York Times and Washington Post lead the charge.
Greta Van Susteren Greta Van Susteren has given me the opportunity to write about something I\u2019ve wanted to explore in depth for some time. She
Megyn Kelly And The Danger Of Normalizing The Dangerously Abnormal Alex Jones Jones has promoted a wild array of conspiracy theories on his radio show.
New Twitter Account Trolls Kellyanne Conway For Dishing About Insiders Conway was reportedly overheard talking about Trump, Reince Priebus and Marc Short to reporters.
CNN Called James Comey's Dad, But James Comey Picked Up The Phone Instead A tale of two Comeys.
Was CNN Right To Drop Reza Aslan's Show Over Trump Criticism? At what point can comedy go too far, and what limits are appropriate on critical political discourse?
Rachel Maddow The MSNBC host outlines why she's \pretty darn sure\ the special counsel is looking into a potential obstruction of justice.
Tucker Carlson's Bizarre Rant Over Lauren Duca The Fox News host dedicated a whole segment, again, to the Teen Vogue writer. Obsessed?
Olbermann He makes the case that former FBI Director James Comey implied Trump is now being probed for possible obstruction of justice and Russian collusion.
New York Times Stands By Trump-Russia Report That James Comey Disputed The paper says it \found no evidence that any prior reporting was inaccurate.\u201d
Al Jazeera Says It Was Target Of Cyber Attack The network said on Twitter it was under cyber attack on all systems, websites and social media platforms.
Why Journalists Should Engage With Their Readers By building a strong relationship with its audience, Denn\u00edk N sought to offset the chronic dependence of media organisations
NSA Leaker's Parents Say They Fear For Her Safety \She was afraid she was going to disappear,\ her mother said.
Twitter Drags CNN Host Who Implied Indian-American Spelling Bee Champ Uses Sanskrit \u201cSo, we\u2019re not sure that its root is actually in Sanskrit, which is what you\u2019re probably used to using.\u201d
Keith Olbermann Apologizes to UK \We are working to correct the problem as soon as possible.\
Breitbart Fires Reporter Over Her Islamophobic Tweets Post-London Attack \Breitbart News fired me for telling the truth about Islam and Muslim immigration,\ she claims.
Former 'National Lampoon' Editor Griffin holding a faux bloody Trump head was political art, not satire.
Fox News Host Disavows Internment Camps, After Panelists Suggest Rounding Up Muslims Fox News guest and Brexit leader Nigel Farage touted the idea in the wake of Saturday's attack in London.
CNN Anchor Mocks Indian-American Spelling Bee Champ Racist jokes further perpetuate racial privilege.
CNN Names Ivanka Trump Most Powerful U.S. Jewish Woman. Twitter Says Hell No. \If only Janet Yellen had a line of lavender sheath dresses.\
Lawrence O'Donnell Says He's Staying At MSNBC The host says he'll be there \for the next couple of years.\
Guardian's Ben Jacobs Will Donate His Broken Glasses To Newseum Montana Republican Greg Gianforte is charged with assaulting the reporter the day before winning a U.S. House seat.
If Nobody Reported On Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month, Did It Really Happen? As Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month draws to a close, I question how many of us realized it even happened. A quick search
Kentucky Newspaper\u2019s Windows Shattered Amid Rising Anti-Press Climate Police believe someone may have fired a gun at the building.
A Tribute To Frank Deford By James D. Zirin I met Frank Deford in 1958, some 59 years ago, when we were both \u201cheeling\u201d for the Daily Princetonian. I
Reporter Out At Denver Post After 'Unacceptable' Tweet About Indy 500 Winner \I shouldn't have said what I said.\
If JFK Was The First Television President, Donald Trump Will Be The Last What happens to a nation that spends so many hours a day watching stuff?
The 5 Stages Of Trump-Russia Grief My Facebook timeline has been overrun by politics. It makes me yearn for the heady days of cat videos and ads for that blanket
Journalism 101 Students Apparently Need To Learn Self-Defense In Addition To Writing And Reporting We are seeing unprecedented attacks on the press in this country.
Trump Doesn't Understand How Story Sources Work And That's A Problem The leader of the free world can say any story is fake no matter how much evidence is against him.
Morning Joe \The fish, again, rots from the head.\
Onion Begs Gianforte To Beat Its Bad Staff Because They All Ask Questions Please 'punish us with considerable physical force' if we ask for a clarification, jabs the satirical publication.
People Whose IDs Were Stolen In Bot Push Against Net Neutrality Demand FCC Probe \Hundreds of thousands of other Americans may have been victimized too,\ they say in a letter to the FCC.
Newspaper Formally Apologizes To Wookiees For A 40-Year-Old 'Star Wars' Mistake Sorry, Chewie.
Hillary Clinton Questions Media Trying To 'Appease' Conservatives After Election News organizations, she says, need to avoid \both-sides-ism\ and \false equivalency.\
There's So Much I Want To Write About But Trump Keeps Getting In The Way Every time I sit down to write, whether it be a piece on the car insurance racket, the Net Neutrality issue, the dismantling
Media Outlets Rescind Endorsements Of GOP Candidate Charged With Assaulting Reporter \He does not represent Montana values and he should not represent us in Congress,\ one newspaper said.
Fox News Had The Best Reporting On Journalist Attack, But Its Top Hosts Ignored It Reporter Alicia Acuna\u2019s widely shared eyewitness account wasn't mentioned during conservative primetime broadcasts.
Right-Wingers Blast Katy Perry For Daring To Suggest Unity The singer called for \u201cno borders\u201d among pop fans in the wake of the Manchester attack.
Montana TV Station Won't Air Recording Of GOP Candidate's Attack On Journalist Right-leaning Sinclair Broadcast Group recently purchased the local NBC affiliate, but the general manager says the company didn\u2019t interfere.
When It Comes To The Seth Rich Conspiracies, Enough Is Enough We\u2019ve always had fringe conspiracy theories floating in the ether, but it seems like now \u2013 perhaps because of social media
Don't Believe These Fake News Stories About The Ariana Grande Concert Attack Trolls have come out in force following Monday's deadly blast in Manchester, England.
Israeli Telecom Company Launches Trump Spoof Ad A joke in any language.
Former Trump Advisor James Woolsey Slams Obama As Manchester Attack Unfolds He claims the former president didn't want to win a war.
Is Trump Toying With The Presidency? By Maria Behan Your cell phone beeps with the latest news alert
MSNBC Hits Ratings Milestone Amid Blitz Of Trump Bombshells But the best prime-time finish in its 21 years comes as 10 p.m. host Lawrence O\u2019Donnell may walk out the door.
Report A CNN investigation found 47 instances of lifted language without proper attribution.
Dan Rather's 'Head Spins' Over News Bombshells \What is burning is the very structure of our democracy.\
Senators Demand Answers After Reporter Is 'Manhandled' At FCC Hearing It's part of administration's pattern of \press hostility,\ the Democratic senators say.
Anderson Cooper Oh yes, he went there. \ud83d\udca9
MAD Magazine Both covers show the White House dominated by Russia.
Van Jones \He looks increasingly bizarre,\ the CNN commentator says.
Counterterrorism Expert Slams 'Narcissist' Donald Trump \u201cHe doesn\u2019t represent 320 million Americans, he represents one,\u201d former FBI official Philip Mudd says.
Fox's Vulgar Coverage Of A Murdered DNC Staffer Is Nothing New To try to destroy the memory of a staffer who met a violent death is really just gross.
Director Laura Poitras The subject matter of Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras\u2019 new film \u201cRisk\u201d could not be more timely
Dan Rather \From this day forward, he no longer has control.\
Fox News Personalities Praise Roger Ailes After His Death \u201cToday America lost one of its great patriotic warriors,\u201d host Sean Hannity said about the network\u2019s former chairman.
Roger Ailes And His Fox News Empire It is hard not to admire Ailes' brilliance as a cable programmer
Venezuela Has A Fake News Problem Too A distorted media reality is shaking up a country that really doesn\u2019t need more shakeups.
Jeffrey Lord Claims Trump Is The Victim Of A \u2018High-Tech Lynching\u2019 Trump surrogate sees no wrongdoing in the Comey memo.
Fox News Host Kimberly Guilfoyle Says She's Discussed Becoming Press Secretary She described Sean Spicer as \u201ca very nice man and a patriot\u201d who \u201cputs a lot of effort\u201d into the job.
Dan Rather Blasts Donald Trump Over Russia Intel Leak Reports \This is about the safety and security of the United States.\
Outraged Sean Hannity Wants White House To Seize More Control Over Media Reporters would have to submit questions in writing on pre-selected topics.
Twitter Explodes Over Donald Trump's Russian #Blabbergate We've found the leaker, tweets declare.
Keith Olbermann \Who needs Russian smoke when the White House is on fire?\u201d
Ana Navarro Calls Out GOP CNN commentator says Republicans are \missing\ their spine.
Washington Post Withheld Secret ISIS Plot Details Trump Reportedly Gave To Russians The newspaper is \u201cmore effective at protecting classified information than President Trump.\
WikiLeaks Offering $100,000 For Donald Trump's 'Comey Tapes' Will it be pay-to-play or the sounds of silence?
Sean Hannity Wants Trump To Cancel Press Briefings And Just Tweet His 'Accomplishments' \u201cWhy waste the energy trying to appease people who obviously hate his guts and want to destroy him?\
NYT Publisher Writes To Those Who Ditched Subscriptions Over Bret Stephens The company is \u201cvery fortunate to have a principled, independent-minded conservative writer\ like Stephens, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. wrote.
Ex-FBI Official Mocks Trump There's no way the president can intimidate Comey or the FBI, Philip Mudd says.
Keith Olbermann Pleads With World To Leak Intel On Trump The GQ host said he's looking to end a presidential \coup.\ Critics called him a traitor.
Fox News Guest Says Stop Freaking Out About Trump\u2019s Chaos Because It\u2019s Not The Civil War You know what else was bad? World War II and the Cuban missile crisis.
Reporters Want To Keep Daily Briefing Even As Trump Admits Statements Not Always True Shifting account of the FBI director\u2019s firing escalates a \u201ccredibility crisis\u201d for the White House.
Trump Suggests He Could Handle Press Briefings Instead Of Sean Spicer The president raised the idea of ending daily briefings by his press secretary and holding a press conference himself every two weeks.
Washington Post Clarifies That Sean Spicer Hid 'Among' Bushes To Dodge Reporters The bushes want to be clear on this.
Sean Hannity Dismisses Trump-Russia Link As Just A 'Bizarre Conspiracy Theory' The Fox News host also thinks the president will \probably\ be in office for eight years.
Former Counterterrorism Official Slams 'Coward' Trump Over Comey Firing \The president acted in a cowardly fashion. He\u2019s a coward,\u201d Philip Mudd says.
Jeffrey Toobin Unloads On 'Grotesque' Comey Firing \u201cThis is the kind of thing that goes on in non-democracies.\
Russian State Media Get Access To White House Meeting While U.S. Press Kept Out \u201cIt's unprecedented,\ says NBC's Andrea Mitchell.
Keith Olbermann Hails Sally Yates As An 'American Hero' Donald Trump covered up for \the Russian stooge,\ and fired \an honest American public servant.\
Trump Changes Twitter Banner, Then Quickly Changes It Back Trump\u2019s actions show he has been following Putin\u2019s own despotic playbook.
There Aren't Enough Asian-American Spaces On The Internet, So We Created One Introducing HuffPost Brazen Asians!
Ensuring That Real Information And Analysis Impacts Decisions If the head of government lies, how can we trust the data of the agencies that work for him?
The Billionaire Journalist When Forbes publishes its list of the 400 wealthiest people in the country, you will notice that not one journalist makes
Oliver Stone On Interviewing Putin, Documenting Snowden, And Making Controversial Choices Stone and Scheer discuss filmmaking, America\u2019s military exploits, surveillance, and other far-reaching topics.
Why America's Public Media Can't Do Its Job By Christopher Ch\u00e1vez, University of Oregon When the Trump administration released its proposed budget in March, it suggested
Olbermann Is Convinced A Grand Jury Is Probing Trump Campaign's Russia Ties The commentator believes FBI Director Comey confirmed that when he told senators he's working with \two sets\ of prosecutors.
Pharma Bro Martin Shkreli Says He's Been Permanently Banned From Twitter Boo hoo.
Fox News Hit With Another Lawsuit Claiming Discrimination Fox says the accusations of a radio reporter in Jerusalem are \without merit.\
CNN Taunts Trump And The GOP With 'Schoolhouse Rock' Jim Acosta said the White House celebration over health care advancing was \a bit premature.\
Why HuffPost Is On To Something Big The Huffington Post just got a makeover, courtesy of incoming Editor-in-Chief, Lydia Polgreen, and the site\u2019s new leadership
Sean Hannity Is Against #FireColbert, But Says He's A 'Horrible Human Being' Fox News host refuses to join calls to #FireColbert.
FBI Director Says 'Legitimate' Journalism Different From WikiLeaks' 'Intelligence Porn' James Comey's remarks follow reports the Justice Department may prosecute Julian Assange over classified leaks.
Keith Olbermann Says Donald Trump's War On Press Freedom Attacks Us All The journalist calls the administration's threat to libel laws \un-American.\
The New York Times' Controversial New Columnist Nearly Joined Pulitzer Board Bret Stephens was vetted for the board while at the Wall Street Journal, but couldn't serve after switching papers.
Climate Scientists Have A Scathing Response To Bret Stephens' First NYT Column \Stephens is entitled to share his opinions, but not 'alternative facts.'\
It's Time For The Media To Wake Up And Do Its F**king Job! The media has normalized Trump and conveniently turned him into something \u201cdifferent.\u201d
Fox News Reporter Sues Network For Gender And Disability Discrimination Diana Falzone says her duties were reduced after she wrote about her struggle with endometriosis.
Los Angeles 1992 Aging is strange. It\u2019s strange to have memories that are decades old \u2013 older than the very lives of many people I know, work
Journalists Didn't Miss The Celebrity Glitz At White House Correspondents' Dinner \u201cI think people are here out of a sense of solidarity,\u201d Washington Post Executive Editor Marty Baron said of the event the president skipped.
There's Tumbleweed As Keith Olbermann Lists Donald Trump's First 100 Day Triumphs It's oh so quiet.
New York Times Readers Are Canceling Subscriptions Over Climate-Denying Writer When the paper hired conservative Bret Stephens, it angered one climate scientist. Now, he's starting a movement.
13 Better Things To Read Than Bret Stephens\u2019 First New York Times Column The Gray Lady's newest hire used his debut column to defend his record of climate science denial.
Fox News Breaks With AP And Top TV Networks For Election Day Polling The network quits an exit poll consortium amid concerns about the process that led to expectations Hillary Clinton would win.
Let's Reconsider That Rachel Maddow Segment On Trump's Taxes That Everyone Hated Now that we have Trump's tax plan, it's worth a second look.
Jake Tapper Rips 'Cavalier' Donald Trump Over Fake News \In a thriving democracy, truth matters. Facts matter.\
Bill O'Reilly Former Fox News host compares himself to his father, who fought in World War II.
Jason Chaffetz Has Become A Fixture Of TMZ's Expanded Washington Footprint The Utah congressman has been a key source for the celebrity-news juggernaut. And TMZ has gotten scoops on a topic Chaffetz's committee is investigating.
'American Crime' Is A Fine Show, And We Have Absolutely, Positively No Idea Where It's Going Claire, for her part, had hired Haitian nanny Gabrielle (Mickaelle X. Bizet) to help care for their young son, partly because
Fox News Host \u201cThis wall brought to you by Modell\u2019s.\
Rachel Maddow Could Be Big Winner In Wake Of O'Reilly's Ouster Climbing ratings leave her poised to benefit from Fox's stumble.
CNN's Tapper He's scrambling to \deliver on some of the promises\ to voters.
Bill O'Reilly Promises Podcast Listeners They'll Be 'Shaken' By New Information \I\u2019m very confident the truth will come out.\
Bill O'Reilly And The Sordid, Chaotic State Of Conservative Talk Radio It was economics, not morality, which emerged as the deciding factor in this sad saga.
Bill O'Reilly's Podcast Returns On Monday He's expected to make his first public comments since being booted from Fox News.
Former Fox Anchor Alisyn Camerota Reveals Roger Ailes Sexually Harassed Her Too She says Ailes told her she'd have to meet him at a hotel if she wanted more opportunities at the network.
Right-Wing Group's Study Of 'Negative' Trump Coverage Is Bogus Trump and the MRC really are in this together.
The Lasting Power Of O'Reilly's Anger And Arrogance What I distinctly remember was his arrogance. He all but wore a sign on his chest saying \u201cI\u2019m more important than you.\u201d
Bloomberg Adds Climate Change Site To Its Financial News Empire Get ready for @climate.
Bill O'Reilly's Name Has Already Been Scrubbed From 'The Factor' Substitute host Dana Perino addressed the longtime personality's ouster.
How Bill O\u2019Reilly Defined The On-Air Jerk Culture At Fox News Fox is belatedly trying to clean house. But the culture runs deep, and Bill should have been fired ages ago.
Bill O'Reilly's Replacement, Tucker Carlson, Has Unenlightened Views On Women It's a good time to look back at Carlson's stances on equal pay, women in combat and transgender rights.
The End Is Reportedly Near For Bill O'Reilly Advertisers and activists have pressured Fox News to drop the controversial host amid a growing sexual harassment scandal.
Mike Huckabee Just Spent A Morning Yelling At Comcast On Twitter \I'd rather have Obama back as President than have Comcast.\
Bill O\u2019Reilly\u2019s Advertisers Can\u2019t Keep Looking The Other Way Every time \u201cThe Factor\u201d goes to commercial, the ads we see are from the businesses and corporations that keep the show alive.
New York Times Columnist Defends Calling Anti-Semitism The 'Disease Of The Arab Mind' The paper's Cairo bureau chief criticized the description as \u201cascribing a pathological condition to an entire race.\
Bill O\u2019Reilly's Viewers Still See Him Favorably, Despite Sex Harassment Claims They also voted for Trump. So there you go.
Why Do Media Normalize Trump After Being Pushed Into Occasional Reasonable Action? As Donald Trump approaches his first hundred days, I find it odd political commentators sometimes bend over backwards, awarding
Rupert Murdoch Raves About Fox News, Doesn't Mention Bill O'Reilly O'Reilly's show lost advertisers after details emerged about accusations of sexual harassment.
How Will Video Games Fare In The Age Of Trump? Note
The Trump White House Still Hasn't Made Peace With The Press The president can upend this fragile relationship with a tweet.
Tomi Lahren Tells Glenn Beck \u201cSomething has been stripped from me, and that\u2019s my ability to work.\
Bill O'Reilly Announces Vacation Amid Reports He Could Get Booted From Fox Fox News says he will be back later this month.
Reporter Hypnotized By Mystical Pen On Live TV But who among us hasn't been distracted at work?
How Activists Destroyed Bill O\u2019Reilly\u2019s Reputation With Advertisers More than 70 companies have pulled out of \The O'Reilly Factor,\ thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.
Attorney Of Bill O'Reilly Accuser Demands State Probe Of Fox News Lisa Bloom
'The Daily Show's' Hasan Minhaj To Headline White House Correspondents Dinner The comedian and \u201cMuslim correspondent\u201d has blasted President Donald Trump's anti-Muslim actions.
MSNBC Host Lawrence O'Donnell Calls Out Bill O'Reilly He also called Fox News a \u201ccesspool of sexual harassment and abuse of women.\u201d
Fox Hires Law Firm To Investigate Bill O'Reilly Sex Harassment Claims The same firm investigated accusations against Roger Ailes.
Reporter Who Infuriated Donald Trump In 2016 Wins Pulitzer Prize Trump called The Washington Post's David Fahrenthold a \nasty guy.\
Politico Published A 4,000-Word Anti-Semitic Conspiracy Loaded headlines can do damage.
Advertisers Boycotting Bill O'Reilly Ignored Years Of Offensive Comments He has a long history of making racist, sexist remarks on air.
Tomi Lahren Is Suing Glenn Beck And TheBlaze \Lay down and play dead really isn't my style,\ Lahren tweeted on Friday.
Media Figures Who Typically Sympathize With Trump Express Outrage Over Syria Strikes Many see the decision as a hawkish departure from the president's \America First\ pledge.
What Can We Learn From Pepsi? I'm a big believer that marketing is a spectator sport...meaning we can learn from what brands do in the marketplace. So
Here Are All The Advertisers Fleeing Bill O'Reilly's Show The mass exodus continues.
'O'Reilly Factor' Loses About 15 Advertisers. Here Are The Ones That Stayed. The exodus comes after new revelations about sexual harassment claims against the Fox News host.
Progressive Shows On YouTube Are In Big Trouble These channels greatly depend on ad revenue to produce more content.
Trump Considered Giving Fox News Exclusive TV Rights For Inauguration, CNN Chief Says Yet Fox News dismissed such a possibility, and it's not even clear if an incoming president has that kind of power.
Hyundai Pulls Upcoming Ads From 'O'Reilly Factor' Amid 'Disturbing' Allegations The decision comes after a bombshell New York Times investigation into sexual harassment claims made against Fox News host Bill O'Reilly.
Jake Tapper Mocks Donald Trump For Handing Jared Kushner So Much Power \So Jared Kushner is in charge of the world apparently.\
Fox News Is Hit With Another Sexual Harassment Suit Contributor Julie Roginsky claims former Fox News chief Roger Ailes harassed her and the network targeted her for retaliation.
Why I Won\u2019t Support Medium\u2019s New Paid Platform Medium is unfortunately complicit in the problems of independent media.
Attorney For Bill O\u2019Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News \u2018The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America\u2019 Wendy Walsh to speak out Monday following revelations of settlements with five other women totaling about $13 million.
All The News That\u2019s Fit To Buy \u201cFake news\u201d has existed as a device of corporate marketers and advertisers whose deceptive tactics continue to evolve in the digital age. And has it evolved!
Fox News' Growing Challenge 21st Century Fox continues to find itself enmeshed in troubling disclosures of behind-the-scenes behavior that could have larger ramifications.
Say Goodbye To Twitter Eggs, Not Trolls The platform is changing its default avatar, but that won't fix online harassment.
Jeffrey Lord Makes Bizarre New Claim About Democrat 'Collusion' \u201cIs Adam Schiff colluding with Nancy Pelosi?\u201d
Angela Rye Slams Former Rep. Joe Walsh The CNN commentator shut it down.
Jeb Bush Warns Trump Former GOP candidate said Trump's tweets diminish the office of the president.
Trump Really Wants To Deflect Attention From His Russia Scandal The president hyped a Fox News segment featuring a guest tied to White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and top campaign backers.
Everyone's Laughing At This Fox News Tweet About Trump's 'Weekend Working' Well that's awkward.
Pro-Trump Media Get Their Wish As The Health Care Bill Is Pulled And Speaker Paul Ryan gets all the blame.
Londoners Raise Their Voices To Let The World Know They're Not Afraid \London does not get shut down. EVER.\
Trump Escaped 'Wiretap' And Russia Questions In Local TV Interviews A Louisville station says the White House restricted what it could ask, while a Cincinnati station says it simply didn't ask about the two stories gripping Washington.
Fox News Benches Andrew Napolitano Over Trump Wiretap Claims The network couldn't verify the judicial commentator's claims of a British conspiracy to spy on Trump.
Trump\u2019s Plan To Cut Public Broadcasting Funds Could Most Hurt Those Who Voted For Him \u201cWe would have to turn the lights out,\u201d says one TV manager in Oklahoma. \u201cA travesty and a tragedy,\u201d says another in Tennessee.
CNN's Brian Stelter Slams Donald Trump For Being A 'Fox News Presidency' \He's in this feedback loop with one particular outlet.\
New York Columnist Jimmy Breslin Dies Breslin, a self-described \u201cstreet reporter,\ was a Pulitzer Prize-winning newsman who chronicled New York City for more than 60 years.
Remembering Jimmy Breslin And A Newspaper World Long Gone I miss columnists because back in Breslin\u2019s prime, I knew where to find them.
Iconic New York Columnist Jimmy Breslin Dead At 88 New York bids farewell to one of its most prolific storytellers.
Tomi Lahren Forced To Defend Herself After Admitting She's Pro-Choice Many conservatives were not happy with Lahren's comments on \The View.\
The CIA\u2019s 60-Year History Of Fake News In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence\u201d Robert Scheer interviews Joel Whitney, author and co-founder of Guernica
Don Lemon On Sean Spicer CNN host stunned by latest White House claims.
Sean Hannity Suggests Travel Ban Judge Did 'Weed' And 'Blow' With Barack Obama Radio host pushes right-wing conspiracy theory.
Americans Don't Know What Their Secretary Of State Is Doing Right Now U.S. journalists weren't able to quickly confirm or dispute a South Korean newspaper's claim that Rex Tillerson skipped a meeting due to \fatigue.\
Van Jones \u201cToday was a crazy day, even by Trump\u2019s crazy standards.\
State Dept Admits The Only News Outlet Tillerson Took To Asia Isn't 'Steeped In Foreign Policy' But the agency still won\u2019t say who specifically picked conservative site IJR to the exclusion of the diplomatic press corps.
Fox News Anchor Shepard Smith Has Simply Had It With Kellyanne Conway \Fox News can now confirm microwaves heat food.\
Jake Tapper Scolds White House On 'Indefensible' Wiretapping Claims \u201cSometimes revisionism is so blatant, it\u2019s not revisionism, it\u2019s just a complete rewrite.\
Sean Hannity The Fox News host blames Trump's rocky first months on the previous administration.
Mark Halperin And John Heilemann To Relive 2016 Campaign In Next Book HBO will also produce a mini-series based on the \Game Change\ authors latest.
Shepard Smith Is Fed Up The Fox News host rails against latest Michael Flynn bombshell.
Journalists Frustrated By Rex Tillerson's Plan To Travel Abroad Without Them CNN's Jake Tapper called the decision \unusual\ and \insulting.\
Twitter Gets Into Trump Conspiracy Spirit With #IfIWereWiretapped Tweets confess to a lot of silence, too much TV and too many conversations with pets.
Right-Wing Website Makes Up Loretta Lynch Quotes, Quietly Walks Them Back The article fails to indicate that it has been changed from the original.
Journalist Once Accused Of Making Up Sources Arrested For Threatening Jewish Institutions Juan Thompson's short, bizarre journalism career ended when he was fired from The Intercept last year.
Trump White House Gives Local TV Reporters A Seat At The Table The uptick in access to the regional press comes amid war with national media outlets.
Watch As Donald Trump Repeatedly Admits -- And Denies -- A Relationship With Putin Which one's true?
Van Jones Takes Heat For Praising Donald Trump's Speech \He became President of the United States in that moment, period.\
Media Figures Tout Trump's \u2018Presidential\u2019 Shift, But His Divisive Policies Remain The Same \Nationalism with an indoor voice,\u201d is reportedly how one senior White House source described it.
How DNC Chair Tom Perez Can Be Trump's Sunday Show Nightmare It\u2019s time for Democrats to reset with a \Full Perez\.
New York Times Subscriptions Jump Each Time Trump Attacks, Says Editor \Every time he tweets it drives subscriptions wildly,\ says Dean Baquet.
Trump Will Lunch With The 'Enemy' Ahead Of His Congressional Address The president is also inviting some media guests who may be friendlier.
Swedes Stumped By Swedish 'National Security Adviser' On Fox He blames immigrants for crime in Sweden, but officials don't know who he is.
The New York Times Is Running A 'Truth Is Hard' Ad During Oscars \u201cThe truth is hard to find. The truth is hard to know. The truth is more important now than ever.\u201d
Jake Tapper Nails\u00a0White House Barring Of Media With 1 Perfect Word \u201cLet\u2019s not make any mistake about what\u2019s happening here.\
Trump's War On The Media Echoes 2009. But The Press May Find It Harder To Fight. Solidarity seems more elusive in the Trump era than when the Obama White House marginalized Fox News.
Fox News Anchor Stands Up For CNN And Defines 'Fake News' Shepard Smith breaks it down once and for all.
The Trump White House Is Against Anonymous Sources, Except When It Isn\u2019t \u201cThey shouldn\u2019t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody\u2019s name,\ the president said Friday.
Trump White House Bars News Organizations From Press Briefing \u201cNothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations of different parties,\u201d said New York Times editor Dean Baquet.
Joe Scarborough Tells Stephen Colbert Why His Show Won't Book Kellyanne Conway Facts matter.
'Have You No Ethics?' This debate on live TV got heated fast.
Watch Every New York Times Front Page Whizz By In Less Than A Minute Blink and you'll miss it.
Bill O'Reilly Says We Don't Have A Free Press Because It's Too Liberal ... but he says Fox News is totally fair.
Milo Yiannopoulos Is Leaving Breitbart News Simon & Schuster and CPAC both dropped him after his 2016 comments on pedophilia resurfaced.
Breitbart Editor Calls Milo Yiannopoulos Comments 'Indefensible' As His Future With The Site Remains In Doubt The conservative provocateur has already lost a high-profile speaking gig and a major book deal for appearing to condone pedophilia.
Fox News Host Brenda Buttner Dies At Age 55 She \made us want to watch a business show with heart.\
Chris Wallace \He never went as far as President Trump has, and that\u2019s what\u2019s concerning.\
We Are Not Fake News; We Are Not The Enemy Some journalists have given more than battered spirits to the profession.
Reimagining The 'New York Times' In Today's Media Climate Recent events are demonstrating to a new generation the importance of quality journalism.
Twitter Users Show Donald Trump Exactly Why The Media Is #NotTheEnemy \But it's clear Trump's unjustified attacks on the #FreePress are.\
From Russia With A Plan During his rambling, seventy-seven minute press conference Thursday the 45th President of the United States ricocheted between
Trump Team Denies Report On National Guard, Then Admits It Was Based On A Real Document The leak was real, but the reporting on it was \false,\ according to the administration.
Keith Olbermann \Or what?\
Fox News' Shep Smith Blasts Trump For Lashing Out At Reporters \You owe this to the American people\ to answer questions, he said.
Ana Navarro Shuts Down Donald Trump Supporter Who Told Her To Stop Talking \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
Mika Brzezinski Says Kellyanne Conway's 'Not Credible' And Won't Be Booked On The Show The MSNBC host's criticism follows CNN also questioning the White House senior adviser's credibility.
CNN, The 'Trump Dossier' and 'Fake News' In a \u201cbreaking news\u201d story that unfolded on the evening of February 10, 2017, breathlessly recanted by a succession of on
Being A Good Citizen I admit it
Jake Tapper Really Doesn't Care If Donald Trump Hates Him \My job is not to be liked. My job is to tell the truth, deliver the facts and hold people accountable.\
The New York Times Is Offering Free Spotify To New Subscribers \u201cWe\u2019re beginning to focus much more seriously on how many young people we have engaging with us and how we deepen those relationships.\u201d
Jake Tapper Calls Out Kellyanne Conway In Fiery Exchange \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
Kellyanne Conway\u2019s Credibility Questioned After 'Bowling Green Massacre' Flub But the Donald Trump aide who also cited \alternative facts\ is still getting TV news show bookings.
The Washington Post Walks Back Report Of Steve Bannon 'Confrontation' \u201cIt\u2019s a patently false, made up story,\ said White House press secretary Sean Spicer.
Let's Stop It With The Memes Full disclosure
Mike Pence Skipping CNN On Sunday Show Circuit \State of the Union\ host Jake Tapper last grilled the vice president nearly two months ago.
Keith Olbermann \What better recruitment tool could there be?\
Donald Trump\u2019s \u2018War\u2019 With The Media Isn\u2019t Enough To Kill The White House Correspondents' Dinner \We will celebrate the First Amendment and the role an independent press plays in a healthy republic,\u201d WHCA president Jeff Mason said.
Even Bill O\u2019Reilly Is Urging Donald Trump To Allow Some Refugees Into The U.S. \We don\u2019t want to tarnish the message the Statue of Liberty sends.\
The Huffington Post Ratifies Union Contract Employees voted nearly unanimously for a contract guaranteeing raises, editorial independence and enhanced diversity.
SURPRISE! The Russian Media Just Loves Donald Trump They love him. They really love him.
How Donald Trump Made The Cable News Chyron Operator A Washington Power Player The president is watching, and responding to, what's on air.
Philly Inquirer \This is no longer a reality TV show,\ the editorial said.
People Searched 'A**hole' On Twitter And Came Up With Donald Trump It was fun while it lasted!
Rachel Maddow Issues Warning Over Trump's Climate Gag Order \Those people were not wrong to be freaked out.\
Stacey Dash's Ouster From Fox News Delights Twitter Network declines to renew her contract.
Dan Rather Blasts White House Over 'Alternative Facts' \Facts and truth are not partisan.\
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Breaks With Briefing Room Tradition The New York Post landed the first question and \Skype seats\ are coming. Will changes be more democratic or simply more Trump-friendly?
Being A Journalism Student In The Age Of Trump We are committed to report accurately, to be watchdogs and to stand up for the truth.
The Trump Propaganda Machine Is Here \If your version of the story does not align with ours, we will regard your version as a fallacy.\
Time For A \Slow News\ Movement When citizens do not know that Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act are one in the same thing, and when they persist in
Brexit Leader Nigel Farage Is Joining Fox News Of course.
New York Times Is Devoting $5 Million More Into Covering Donald Trump \This is not just a story of transformed government agencies,\ editors said. \It is also about the stability of the global order.\
Muslim Reporter Mistaken Online As Widow Of Pulse Nightclub Shooter The only similarity between the women is that they\u2019re both Muslim and their first names are Noor.
UPS Tweeted -- Then Deleted -- A Bizarre MLK Jr Message The initial tweet said that Martin Luther King Jr. \would have made a fine UPSer.\
Scottish Newspaper Nails Trump Inauguration-Induced Anxiety \A disturbing glimpse of the horrors we could stumble into, if we\u2019re not careful,\ a mock review said.
Trump's Rift With Press Will Grow If Reporters Are Kicked Out Of White House The Trump campaign blacklisted news organizations. Now the transition team is considering moving journalists from the briefing room.
Rudy Giuliani Just Said Trump Is Trying To 'Get Us Back To A Free Press' \ud83d\ude44
Why Won't American Media Fully Investigate What Could Be The Biggest Story In U.S. Political History? What percentage chance that the incoming president has been compromised by a hostile foreign power is acceptable? Most Americans
BuzzFeed Sells Out Of 'Garbage' Swag A Day After Trump's Insult The media have discovered something good about the president-elect's vitriol.
Corey Lewandowski Scores New TV Gig Look for this talking head on a lesser-known conservative channel.
BuzzFeed Defends Publishing Unverified Allegations About Donald Trump's Russia Ties Other news organizations declined to run the explosive claims that had been circulating for months.
Bill O'Reilly Insists He's Been Fair To President Obama \I have not bought into the opinion that he wants to damage the U.S.A.\
Shep Smith Says Journalists Shouldn't Be Subjected To Donald Trump's 'Belittling' The Fox News anchor said CNN followed \journalistic standards\ in its report on Trump's alleged Russia ties.
Jeff Sessions Doesn\u2019t Commit To Not Jailing Journalists For Doing Their Jobs Donald Trump's nominee for U.S. attorney general says he hasn\u2019t yet studied rules for investigations involving the press.
Right-Wing Radio Host Bryan Fischer Says Anyone Opposed To Christianity Is A 'Traitor' Also claims only followers of Jesus Christ can be patriots.
Renowned Journalist Nat Hentoff Dead At 91 The critic and free-speech crusader died at home, \surrounded by family listening to Billie Holiday,\ according to his son.
Yahoo Finance Kicks Off 2017 With A Very Unfortunate Typo On Twitter Oops.
White House Reporters Still Awaiting Changes Under President Trump Trump\u2019s team agreed to a \u201cprotective pool,\u201d but other traditions remain up in the air.
Donald Trump To Meet With Editors Of New Yorker, Vanity Fair And Vogue The president-elect is preparing for an off-the-record meeting with David Remnick, Graydon Carter, Anna Wintour and other Cond\u00e9 Nast bigshots.
Anderson Cooper Dives In To \u2018The Bachelor' Premiere Dolphin/Shark \u2018Debate\u2019 \I've been swimming with sharks. I know a shark when I see it.\
Greta Van Susteren To Get Nightly Show On MSNBC She was previously at Fox News.
The Problem With Fake News? \u2018Real\u2019 News Is Bogus Too Where there\u2019s an appetite, there\u2019s a market. This is how the world works, and digital news consumption is no different. Fake
Gretchen Carlson To Write About Empowerment In New Starring Role For Time Magazine Carlson also appeared on live TV for the first time since she filed a lawsuit against former Fox Chairman Roger Ailes.
Creationist Ken Ham Gets Into Weirdest Twitter Fight With Washington Post Over Dinosaurs Ham's Noah's Ark Encounter depicts dinosaurs living in cages.
How Tamarind Balls, White Envelopes, and Art will Create a Successful Storytelling Entrepreneur in 2017 
CNN's Don Lemon Does Shots, Gets A Piercing And Bares His Soul On Live TV \u201cPeople are saying that I\u2019m lit... Yeah, I\u2019m lit.\
Facebook Bans Author Who Branded Name-Calling Trump Backers A 'Nasty Fascistic Lot' \We're living in strange, Orwellian times,\ warns Kevin Sessums.
Gretchen Carlson Will Make First TV Anchoring Appearance Since Roger Ailes Lawsuit She'll be appearing on a major network.
Sean Spicer The incoming White House press secretary also said Trump understands media \probably better than anyone in modern American history.\
Donald Trump Tricks The Media Into Crediting Him For Creating More U.S. Jobs In fact, those jobs were already created. And not by him.
Must-See Visualizations And Investigations From The Huffington Post The best of 2016.
Newsroom Trends, Journalism, Media Ethics and Engagement in 2016 
Stephen Colbert Is Thankful For Donald Trump Seriously! Sorta!
Trump White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway Promises Traditional Press Access Yet Donald Trump has broken with tradition by not holding a news conference in 44 days since the election.
Veteran GOP Spokesman Sean Spicer Named White House Press Secretary He's part of Donald Trump's transition team that's reassessing longstanding traditions in how the White House deals with reporters.
Myth-busting Is Not Enough This piece originally appeared on American Friends Service Committee\u2019s Media Uncovered blog. As the 2016 election has shown
Donald Trump Meets Off The Record With Journalists The president-elect recently canceled what would have been his first press conference since July.
Germany Weighs Stiff Fines for Social Media Sites That Carry Fake News German politicians hope to quell rising extremism and eliminate hoaxes.
Donald Trump Won't Kick Out The Press, Says Press Secretary Contender Though the incoming White House team is reassessing traditions like daily televised briefings.
The New York Times Defends Covering Hacked Democratic Emails, Even If It Helped Russia Managing editor Joseph Kahn says they primarily judge the news value of documents in the public sphere \independent of the motive of the leakers.\
Feeding People, And Democracy, To Death As a physician, and a specialist in disease prevention and health promotion, I have long been nothing less than sickened
The White House Press Corps Should Prepare For Big Changes Under Donald Trump \u201cThe traditions, while some of them are great, I think it\u2019s time to revisit a lot of these things,\ says incoming Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
Donald Trump Seems To Have Time For Everything But Questions About Business Conflicts The president-elect postpones this week's press conference, his first planned since July, while holding four \Thank You\ rallies -- and meeting Kanye.
Politico's Glenn Thrush To Join The New York Times The political journalist wil be reunited with former Politico stars Maggie Haberman, Jonathan Martin and Alexander Burns.
Jeffrey Goldberg Thinks The Atlantic Was Made For Moments Like Donald Trump\u2019s Presidency Former New Republic editor Franklin Foer is the latest in a string of splashy post-election hires at the magazine.
Wounded Knee 
Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox Bids $14 Billion For British Broadcaster Owning Sky would give Murdoch control of a TV network spanning 22 million households in Britain.
Macedonian Teen Claims He Made $60,000 Producing Fake News Mostly Targeted To Trump Supporters \I didn't force anyone to give me money,\ the 17-year-old told NBC News. \Why is my business illegal?\
Vice Launches Apprentice Program For Former Inmates The program will provide five ex-offenders with jobs.
Trump Won't Have One Of His Favorite Reporters In The White House. But She Will Be On CNN. The Wall Street Journal\u2019s Monica Langley will continue covering \billionaires and CEOs,\ though she enjoys nearly unmatched access to the new administration.
Former CIA Official Philip Mudd Calls Trump Transition A 'Clown Show' \I want to see a transition from a campaign to reality, and I don\u2019t see it yet.\
Donald Trump Caps Off 2016 By Winning Time's Person Of The Year It\u2019s difficult to deny his incredible impact on the news this year \u2015 for better or worse.
Mainstream Media Is Responsible For Fake News Too And even a broken clock rings true twice a day. But that doesn\u2019t mean you use that clock for anything.
U.S. Denies Entry to Canadian Photojournalist Covering Standing Rock Awarding-winning photographer Ed Ou, detained at the border, refused to turn over cell phones containing confidential information.
Indiana Reporter Barred From Donald Trump\u2019s Carrier Event Journalist Rafael Sanchez says it wasn't the president-elect team's decision. Apparently it came from the company he has doggedly covered.
What Did Hillary Clinton Leave On The Social Media Table? Both Trump and Clinton used social media extensively, but they used it differently.
Newt Gingrich Just Called Mitt Romney A Suck-Up ... but says he'll be all for Romney if that's what Trump wants.
Trump Supporters Inadvertently Show How Easily Misinformation Spreads Online They cited \the media\ and Facebook as the sources for baseless claims about illegal voting.
Reporter Sopan Deb Shifts From Chronicling Donald Trump To Covering Culture A 2016 standout for CBS News heads to The New York Times.
AP Deems Term 'Alt-Right' A 'Public-Relations Device' That Enables Racism The media is using the term more than ever before now that it's linked to a top presidential adviser.
Media Helps Boost Donald Trump's False Claim That 'Millions' Voted Illegally Newsrooms are still coming to grips with a soon-to-be-president able to distract and distort on Twitter.
Changing The News Narrative On Rape (This post was written with my research partner, Jessica Birthisel, assistant professor of communication studies at Bridgewater
CNN Mistakenly Circulates Prewritten Fidel Castro Text. Again. At least this time, he's really dead.
Sean Hannity's Attacks On Journalists Sink To New Low It's a page out of Trump\u2019s book.
Wolf Blitzer Nails Exactly What's Wrong With Donald Trump's 'Hamilton' Outrage \[H]e doesn\u2019t seem to go out of the way to express his outrage over people hailing him with Nazi salutes,\ Blitzer said.
Donald Trump Has Brought The Fight For Press Freedom Home \u201cAs a profession, let\u2019s fight for what is right,\u201d CNN's Christiane Amanpour said. \u201cLet\u2019s fight for our values.\
What Journalism Needs To Do Post-Election Doubling down on catering to white people or so-called \impartiality\ is not the answer.
Rush Limbaugh Compares 'Hamilton' Cast To John Wilkes Booth \These guys at 'Hamilton' are following in what I\u2019m sure they consider to be a rich tradition.\
Donald Trump Will Meet With The New York Times After All The president-elected launched Twitter tirade against the \failing\ paper before backtracking hours later.
Donald Trump Met Privately With Network Executives And Anchors The president-elect reportedly scolded the media for its coverage and discussed access concerns.
Injustice At Standing Rock The mainstream media is missing quite a remarkable story.
Is Personalization More Dangerous Than Fake News? Fake news is a big problem worthy of consideration; but so is the echo chamber.
Thanksgiving 
Mark Halperin And John Heilemann's Bloomberg Politics Show To End The prominent political journalists will give up day-to-day roles following Donald Trump's inauguration.
Journalist Groups Urge Donald Trump To Commit To Traditional Access As President-Elect The press isn\u2019t angling for a seat at Trump\u2019s dinner table. They just want basic information to cover his travels.
James Corden Hits All The Right Notes In Sainsbury\u2019s 'Greatest Gift' Christmas Commercial UK supermarket chain kicks off the holiday ad season with a winner.
Watch Gwen Ifill Call Out Fellow Journalists For Not Standing Up To Racism A powerful reminder of the role the press plays in normalizing hate.
Laura Ingraham Would 'Seriously Consider' White House Press Secretary Job But other names making the rounds include the RNC's Sean Spicer, Trump team's Jason Miller and Daily Mail's David Martosko.
Donald Trump Dismisses Power Of The Press In First Post-Election TV Interview \u201cThe bitterness toward the press is real, alive and deep,\u201d says \60 Minutes\ correspondent Lesley Stahl.
Washington Post Newsroom Rankled By \u2018Offensive\u2019 Election Night Party Stunt Guests at a company party were encouraged to pluck napkins off a woman's body.
Gwen Ifill, 'PBS NewsHour' Co-Anchor, Dies At 61 \Gwen was a standard bearer for courage, fairness and integrity in an industry going through seismic change.\
Sean Hannity The Fox News host also said he hasn't been asked to serve in the new administration.
NYT Review Of Megyn Kelly's New Book Details Shady Trump And Ailes Behavior Kelly hit back on Twitter to deny the review's most shocking suggestion.
Donald Trump Fan Goes Off On Expletive-Filled Rant On MSNBC \Unappreciative motherf**kers.\u201d
Critics Blast People Magazine Cover Celebrating Trump\u2019s Win They accused the magazine of pandering despite a former writer accusing Trump of sexual assault.
Tavis Smiley America \showed its true colors\ electing Donald Trump.
Blame The Media For President Donald Trump I woke up this morning and started reading my Facebook news feed. It was filled with emotional outcries and bewilderment
Donald Trump's Victory Challenges The Power Of The Press Journalists detailed why Trump is unfit for the presidency. Millions of Americans didn't care.
Washington Post Reader Pens Heartwarming Letter Over Missing Crossword Puzzle Just choking up over here.
Media Matters After each bomb drop of often salacious/ troubling information, from Trump\u00b4s inappropriate comments and behavior to Hillary
A Case of Perverted News Reporting 
Fox News Hosts Boost Clinton Indictment Claim The Network Already Shot Down Their top news anchor has apologized for wrongly saying a Clinton indictment is \likely\ but others are still making the claim.
Time's Latest Cover Nails How We All Feel About The Election Well this pretty much sums it up.
Fox News Host Bret Baier Admits Clinton Indictment Report Was A 'Mistake' Major news outlets shot down the explosive claim, while Donald Trump and conservative media ran with it.
Donald Trump's Phony Outrage Could Get Journalists Seriously Hurt \u201cThis is a shtick that he does to rile up his base,\u201d says NBC News correspondent Katy Tur.
Michael Moore Warns Men \u201cGuys have got about a week to wrap their heads around the fact that Hillary Clinton is going to be president of the United States.\
Can't Bear To Watch The Election? The Weather Channel Will Offer An Escape Tune out the madness with stunning nature footage.
Sean Hannity Shares Fake Story About Hillary Clinton The Fox News host is no stranger to conspiracy theories.
Donald Trump Will Not Get His Son-In-Law's Newspaper's Endorsement The New York Observer has chosen not to back a presidential candidate at all.
Glenn Beck Calls James Comey's Letter 'One Of The Most Irresponsible Things To Ever Happen' \u201cCan you imagine if this were to happen to Donald Trump?\
CNN Chief Jeff Zucker Rips Donna Brazile's 'Disgusting' Dealings With Clinton Campaign Network boss has \u201cno tolerance\u201d for tipping off a campaign with debate questions.
Donna Brazile Appears To Have Sent CNN Debate Question To Clinton Campaign The network has severed ties with the political commentator and interim Democratic National Committee chair.
Anderson Cooper Smacks Down Newt Gingrich Over Megyn Kelly Sex Claims \This is a guy who is, what, on his third marriage, cheated on his first two wives, and was having an affair while he was impeaching Bill Clinton.\
Bill O'Reilly Turns On Trump, Says Talk Of 'Rigged' Election 'Is Not A Patriotic Thing' \u201cThe vote cannot possibly be rigged two weeks from tonight.\
Florida Reporter Loses Donald Trump Interview After Refusing To Provide Questions In Advance Yet other local journalists weren't bound by this troubling restriction.
Donald Trump Campaign Aims To Replace The Media\u2019s \u2018Spin\u2019 With Its Own The GOP nominee's team gives its version of the news on Facebook Live, though without newspeople there to challenge them.
Presidential Campaigns Haven\u2019t Agreed To 'Acceptable' Post-Election Press Access The White House Correspondents\u2019 Association says not having a protective pool would be a \u201cserious breach of historical precedent.\
Bye Bye 'Bigly'? Yes, Trump Has Been Saying 'Big League' All This Time So \u201cbigly\u201d is really \u201cbig league\u201d? All together now... that\u2019s yuge! There\u2019s still two weeks to go until Election Day, but
New Ways To Avoid Surprise Subscription TV Bills When Rosemary Kukla opened this month's Comcast bill, she was in for an early Halloween surprise. \I was being charged another
Arab Journalists Learn Religion Coverage 
Fact-Checking Clinton And Trump Is Not Enough How candidates say things matters just as much as whether they stuck to the facts.
Wall Street Journal Seeks 'Substantial' Newsroom Buyouts All employees worldwide are eligible.
These Local News Anchors Just Can't Get It Together After Embarrassing Flub The on-air gaffe you never knew you needed right now.
Chris Wallace Says He\u2019s \u2018Disappointed\u2019 In Roger Ailes The \Fox News Sunday\ host talked about his former boss after moderating the third, and final, presidential debate.
Even Bill O'Reilly Sounds Like He's Giving Up On Donald Trump The Fox News host says the Republican candidate may not recover.
Chris Wallace Just Brought Us The Closest Thing We've Seen To A Normal Debate He actually got Trump and Clinton to talk about issues.
Final Presidential Debate Draws 72 Million Viewers The number is below that of the first debate, but the third-largest ever.
CNN's Van Jones On Donald Trump Anderson Cooper's response was pretty pointed, sort of.
Even Donald Trump's Alma Mater School Newspaper Endorsed Hillary Clinton \The Daily Pennsylvanian Opinion Board cannot stand behind Donald Trump as a candidate.\
You Can Expect To Meet More Of Roger Ailes' Skeletons In Book, TV Series Megyn Kelly's adding a chapter about Ailes in her upcoming book as Tom McCarthy plans a miniseries.
Donald Trump's Lawsuit Threat Against The New York Times Fizzles Out After a flurry of reports last week of a lawsuit being drafted, the actual paperwork hasn't yet materialized.
Ana Navarro \u201cIt\u2019s a rigged system when a billionaire can pay no taxes and get away with it.\u201d
'Riot' Charge Dropped Against Amy Goodman For Covering Pipeline Protest The prosecution had claimed the award-winning journalist wasn't acting as a reporter but a trespasser.
Donald Trump May Launch TV Venture After Election Son-in-law and top adviser Jared Kushner reportedly \approached\ a firm specializing in media deals.
Brian Stelter Sums Up Why Trump's Rigged Election Claims Are So Dangerous \This is a propaganda technique.\
Swastika And Jeers Greet Reporters On Donald Trump Trail \u201cThe vitriol toward the media here is as bad as I\u2019ve ever seen it,\ says one.
A British Magazine Just Summed Up The U.S. Election Perfectly \The debasing of American politics.\
Donald Trump Is A Threat To Press Freedom 'Unknown In Modern History' The Committee to Protect Journalists makes unprecedented statement about a U.S. presidential nominee.
New York Times To Trump The newspaper refuses to retract its explosive groping story as allegations of Trump's inappropriate behavior pile up.
Not Even Bill O'Reilly Believes Mike Pence's Nonsense About Women Voters \u201cYou\u2019re going to lose the election if you can\u2019t convince more American women to vote for you.\u201d
BuzzFeed Will Team Up With Twitter On Election Night Editor-in-chief Ben Smith hopes to reach political junkies and bring transparency to the \mystical\ process of declaring election winners.
Arianne Zucker Tears Into Donald Trump In New Interview \These are offensive comments for women. Period,\ said the actress in response to Trump's crude remarks about her in 2005.
Donald Trump 'Wouldn't Want To Be In Foxhole' With War Hero John McCain Trump had a chance to serve in Vietnam but received deferments for college and \heel spurs.\
After Clinton-Trump Debate, The Cable Panels Were Dominated By Men More than 2-to-1 on CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News.
Hell Freezes Over? Glenn Beck Says Electing Hillary Clinton Could Be A 'Moral, Ethical Choice\u2019 \If one helps to elect an immoral man to the highest office, then one is merely validating his immorality, lewdness and depravity.\
Ana Navarro Unloads On '50 Shades Of Crazy' Trump Supporter Scottie Nell Hughes \To compare running for president to an erotic film or an erotic movie, an erotic novel, it\u2019s crazy.\u201d
Shep Smith Wonders If 'Almost Fascist' Trump Has Another Agenda He says the GOP nominee's vow to jail Hillary Clinton \might have been bordering on unconstitutional.\
This Trump Supporter Quoted Beyonc\u00e9 To Trash Clinton And It Was Cringeworthy You may want to cover your ears.
The Second Presidential Debate Proves Trump Is Still Being 'Graded On A Curve' It's time to stop with the false equivalence.
Donald Trump Ditches Reporters En Route To 2nd Debate They learned the nominee left New York from a tweet.
Has Twitter Made The Post-Debate Spin Room Obsolete?\u200f It appears that the importance to post-debate spin is being severely undercut.
Are More Lewd Donald Trump Tapes Out There? \Access Hollywood\ says it hasn't found similar footage, but \The Apprentice\ archives remain hidden.
Sean Hannity & Megyn Kelly Are Pals Again In Awkward Fox News 'Hostage Photo' \We're Irish. It's complicated.\
Fox News' Shep Smith Issues The Most Chilling Warning About Hurricane Matthew \This moves 20 miles to the west, and you and everyone you know are dead ... and your kids die, too,\ he said.
New ISIS Video Suggests Media-Friendly Defector Lied About His Own Role But The New York Times is standing by its story, insisting key claims from the former militant are backed up.
John Stossel I admit, I watch FOX News. But there is a reason why I'm watching FOX News
The Detroit News Becomes The Latest Conservative Paper To Snub Trump The Detroit News has backed Republicans for the past 143 years.
Mexican Literary Magazine Gives 'American Fascist' Donald Trump A Hitler Mustache \u201cFascista Americano\u201d
Conservative Newspaper Editorial Boards Line Up Behind Hillary Clinton But will these tradition-breaking endorsements matter?
Fox News Could Still Face Court Battle Over Roger Ailes Sexual Harassment Claims Ex-host Andrea Tantaros says she has new documents to support her case.
Hannity Loses It Over Journalists With 'Expensive Wine Lifestyles' Criticizing Trump Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Van Jones Reminds Donald Trump There's No Credit 'For Most Improved Bigot' \u201cI think it\u2019s very important that we don\u2019t lower the standard.\
Lester Holt Proved Debate Moderators Can Fact-Check Even if Donald Trump refuses to accept the truth.
The First Presidential Debate Of 2016 Was The Most Watched In History The showdown between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump drew 84 million viewers.
Trump Campaign Manager Bashes Reporters Ahead Of First Debate \u201cThese are not profiles in courage and this is not journalism,\ Kellyanne Conway says of some embedded network producers.
Charles Osgood And His Beloved Bow Tie Sign Off From 'CBS Sunday Morning' Former \Today\ show host Jane Pauley will take over the program.
Lester Holt Is About To Take The Biggest Stage Of His Life The NBC News anchor can expect more scrutiny -- and viewers -- than any previous debate moderator.
Will Automation Upend Journalism? 
Turn On. Tune In. Drop Out? Voter Turnout in the Digital Age 
Tech Journalist Also Worked For Apple Without Telling Editors The Verge acknowledged an obvious \conflict of interest\ in founding editor Chris Ziegler's moonlighting.
Fox News Gives Donald Trump A Pass On Birther Crusade It Helped Fuel The cable network, like the GOP nominee, seems to want to move on.
Pope \You can kill a person with your tongue,\ he said.
CNN Chief Jeff Zucker Defends Hiring Ex-Trump Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski The political operative's continued ties to the Republican campaign have driven questions of conflict of interest.
Vice News Reporter Arrested While Seeking Credentials For Trump Event The campaign denied it was involved in the incident.
Donald Trump Mocks Reporters After His Campaign Started An Event Without Them \The press is stuck on their airplane. They can\u2019t get here. I love it.\
Networks Refuse To Air Donald Trump's Hotel 'Press' Tour After Reporters Barred The moment of media solidarity follows a year of the candidate bullying and blacklisting journalists.
Donald Trump Doesn't Like How Debate Moderator Anderson Cooper 'Behaves' Claims CNN host shouldn't be allowed to moderate debate.
Sean Hannity Threatens To Sue CNN For Slander He doesn't have much of a case.
Blistering Editorial In Conservative New Hampshire Newspaper Skewers Donald Trump \The man is a liar, a bully, a buffoon,\ wrote the paper's publisher.
Donald Trump\u2019s Dr. Oz Gambit Makes Mockery Of Transparency Norms And he still won't release his tax returns.
Katie Couric And Others Sued For Defamation Over Gun Documentary Sarah Palin has something to say about about the $12 million action, too.
Ohio University Rejects Roger Ailes' Name And Money The school is distancing itself from the former Fox News chief.
The PTA Mom And The Power Couple From Hell Kelli Peters is the PTA mom everyone wishes for their kid's school. So why would anyone want to frame her?
Univision Delete Gawker Posts Amid Legal Pressure The posts were the subject of lawsuits.
Presidential Debate Moderators Are Feeling The Heat Like Never Before Voters -- and many journalists -- are increasingly concerned that TV networks will let candidates' lies slide.
Custody Battle Haunts Arab Woman Journalist 
Geraldo Rivera Apologizes For Doubting Women's Harassment Claims Against Roger Ailes He's \filled with regret\ for being stubborn, he said.
Mattress Shop Closes After Making Absurdly Offensive 9/11 Ad After the ad sparked a backlash, the store owner announced Miracle Mattress in San Antonio will close \indefinitely.\
Media Matters Steps Up Legal Threat Against Fox News And Roger Ailes The progressive organization is seeking information following a report that Fox News obtained its journalist's phone records.
Moderators Challenging Candidates' Lies Isn't 'Opinion.' It's Journalism. MSNBC's Chris Matthews suggests Matt Lauer would have appeared too opinionated if he'd pressed Donald Trump on Libya.
Newt Gingrich Coughs While Criticizing Hillary Clinton... For Coughing Irony alert!
Free Speech Is Now A Brutal War On The Internet When the cat is away mice will play. Or, in this case, trolls.
Roger Ailes Hires Lawyer For Possible Lawsuit Against New York Magazine Ailes' lawyer has represented figures like Hulk Hogan and Melania Trump.
Will Presidential Debate Moderators Really Not Challenge Lies? Chris Wallace says it isn't his job to \truth squad,\ though some journalists strongly disagree.
Hillary Needs Collective ADD With This News 
To The Moon, Alice! - Why We Stopped Going There Star Trek, the television series was launched. The USS Enterprise,  piloted by William Shatner, playing Captain James T. Kirk rocketed into space.  In the first episode, Captin Kirk and his team beam down to the surface of planet M-113 where they encounter Dr. Robert Crater and his wife Nancy, who claim they only need 'salt tablets'.  The plot only gets more complicated,and more exciting, after that.
Lebanese Journos on Chopping Block 
The Writing Life I have often said that my worst professional mistake was leaving the clangorous world of daily newspapers for magazines and book writing. Of course, that was back in 1985, a very different time for the media, and for the world.
There's A One-Word Story In The New York Times Today. Read It. #officeproblems.
Sean Hannity Completely Flips Out Over Republicans Who Won't Support Donald Trump \You own it. You own her. You own every dumb thing she\u2019s about to do.\
Andrea Tantaros Wants Roger Ailes, Fox News Execs To Take A Lie Detector Test \u201cAn innocent person would jump at the chance for this kind of vindication,\u201d her lawyer said.
The 'Race To The Bottom' Has Only One Runner The meme of both sides dragging the presidential campaign to new lows has taken hold across the media. This palpably absurd argument was being stated as the sad truth across the Sunday shows this morning.
Virginia Journalists Killed On Live TV Remembered One Year Later Alison Parker, 24, and Adam Ward, 27, were killed by a former co-worker while viewers watched.
Donald Trump Spoils Ann Coulter's 'In Trump We Trust' Book Launch \u201cThere\u2019s nothing Trump can do that won\u2019t be forgiven\ ... except this.
Staff Of Law360 Votes To Unionize Editorial staffers at the news site just joined the growing digital media union movement.
AP's Bombshell Clinton Foundation Report Comes Under Scrutiny The campaign is identifying likely names on the donor list the news outlet isn't ready to reveal.
Bill Nye Rips CNN For Having 'Climate Change Denier Meteorologist' \Knock yourselves out, but this is a big problem and it\u2019s not going to go away.\u201d
Russians Suspected In Hack Of New York Times, Other U.S. Media The intrusions were detected in recent months.
Here's The Story Behind This Summer's Incredible NYT Magazine Middle East Issue The magazine's editor explains why this story is like \Stairway to Heaven.\
Donald Trump Is Abandoning Every Network But Fox Where he's getting a lot of questions about his stamina.
Melania Trump Threatens Lawsuit Against Daily Mail Over 'False And Defamatory' Escort Claims Hulk Hogan's lawyer is on the case.
Meet The Press's Chuck Todd Will 'Disqualify' Most Republican Congressional Candidates In the debate between Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes (D-KY) and Mitch McConnell (R-KY), Grimes said her vote for president in 2012 was private and personal, and did not disclose for whom she voted. That was too much for Todd.
Chris Hedges And Robert Scheer Assess The Merits Of A Life Of Virtue In A World For Careerists In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence\u201d on KCRW, Truthdig Editor in Chief Robert Scheer speaks with Truthdig columnist
Ahmed Naji (This piece was originally posted on Medium on May 16, 2016; it has been slightly adapted) Today marks six months since Egyptian
Trump's Campaign Is Looking More And More Like An Elaborate Media Launch If there's one thing we know about The Donald, it's that he loves being in the spotlight.
Gawker Media Was Saved, But Gawker.com Is Over Univision bought six other Gawker media websites, but Gawker.com will shut down.
10 Stories That Made Gawker Infamous If you care about free speech, then you should care about Gawker.
Wild Ramen Commercial Features Every Crazy Thing You've Ever Heard About Japan Making ramen has never looked so dangerous.
Donald Trump Is The Candidate From Breitbart News Steve Bannon temporarily leaves the \populist, nationalist\ site to run the Republican nominee and loyal reader's campaign.
Univision Buying Gawker Media For $135 Million The Spanish-language broadcaster will add to its stable of digital, millennial-geared properties.
Katrina Pierson Claims Reporters 'Literally Beat Trump Supporters Into Submission' Well, that seems wildly incorrect.
A Great Buffalo Bull Resting On Its Laurels 
Arianna Huffington Will Leave The Huffington Post To Build Health And Wellness Site \u201cWe are very solid in our DNA, what we stand for,\u201d says Huffington, the site's co-founder and editor-in-chief.
Here Are Some Of The Times Donald Trump Has Blamed The Media For His Controversies A guide to the tried and true Trump tactic of attacking the press rather than facing up to self-inflicted stumbles.
When Things Go Really Wrong For Olympics Broadcasters Bloopers capture the glory of gaffes.
Donald Trump May Not Get The Debate Moderators He Wants Because the Commission on Presidential Debates \does whatever the hell it wants.\u201d
Sean Hannity Launches Smear Campaign On Khizr Khan A \special #Hannity investigation\ indeed.
CNN Host Slams Conservative Media For Allowing Trump's Lies About \u2018Rigged\u2019 Election The GOP nominee has no evidence to back up his attacks on the democratic process.
Politico Executive Peter Cherukuri Joins Startup Incubator 1776 He's the latest in a string of high-level departures from the Washington news organization.
Man Trolls Donald Trump In 'Greatest Ever Letter' To A Newspaper Editor \I write fabulous letters. You would love them.\
The Media Are Saying And Doing A Bunch Of Sexist Stuff During The Olympics NBC and the Chicago Tribune came under fire for their coverage of the Games.
Rio Olympics Tape Delay Brings Heavy Scorn For NBC \Great idea NBC. Don\u2019t air what should be a global cultural event live. Why would everyone want to watch and enjoy together?\
Hillary Clinton Held Her First Press Conference of 2016 -- Or Not \I am not sure what else you could call it,\u201d says Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon.
11-Year-Old Grills Mike Pence On Whether He Is 'Softening Up' Trump's Policies The kid apparently just wanted to make sure Pence is in it \for the right reasons.\
GOP Consultant Breaks Down Donald Trump's 'Loud-Mouthed Dick' Strategy On Live TV If you could even call it a strategy.
It's Extremely Troublesome That Trump Thinks The Media Is 'All Bad' We should be very, very afraid.
Megyn Kelly Can't Keep A Straight Face While Watching Donald Trump Rant We are all Megyn Kelly.
Another News Site Is Trying To Unionize. This Time, Management Is Fighting It Hard. Law360 is giving employees the anti-union treatment.
Donald Trump A not-so-rare rant on his favorite subject
Gawker CEO Nick Denton Files For Personal Bankruptcy Wrestler Hulk Hogan's lawsuit pushed Denton to file for Chapter 11.
When a Native American Newspaper Gains its Independence 
30 Million People Watched Hillary Clinton Make History Though Donald Trump gets some ratings bragging rights.
2016 Nominees Leave Conventions Without 'Protective Pool' Of Journalists Reporters complain that neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump are getting the intense pool coverage that party nominees have gotten in the past.
Ann Coulter Watched A Moving Speech And Apparently Only Felt Hatred This time, she's targeting the Democratic National Convention, \thick\ accents and Muslims.
Bill O'Reilly Defends 'Well-Fed' Slaves Remark, Blames 'Far-Left' Media For Attacks \That is a fact ... Anyone who implies otherwise is beneath contempt.\
Newspapers Highlight Hillary's Historic Nomination ... With Photos Of Bill She's the Democratic nominee, but apparently we're still defining her by her husband.
Hillary Clinton Warms To Fox News As General Election Kicks In First post-convention interview goes to \Fox News Sunday.\
Clinton's Campaign Is Trying A Lot Harder With Hispanic Media Than Trump's Is A Univision executive described the difference as \night and day.\
Politico Admits \u2018Mistake\u2019 In Sending DNC An Article In Advance No substantive changes were made to the piece, though the arrangement has prompted criticism from the RNC and prominent conservatives.
The Writing Life 
How Newspapers Responded To Donald Trump's Historic Night From hope to disappointment.
Pentagon Revises Law Of War Manual After Criticism Of Press Treatment The old U.S. Department of Defense manual compared some of the tasks of journalism to spying or other hostile actions by an enemy.
Chris Christie Slams Ted Cruz's Speech As 'Selfish' Christie questioned Cruz's integrity due to the senator's failure to endorse Trump in his remarks.
How Fox News Stars Are Reacting To Roger Ailes' Resignation \It's tough to see him go,\ said Bret Baier.
SNL's 'Weekend Update' To Air Special Editions For The Conventions Satire when we need it most.
Ann Coulter Says 'Every Woman Who Has Ever Been Employed By Fox' Has Stories About Roger Ailes Megyn Kelly has reportedly joined the group of women accusing the network chief of sexual harassment.
Murdochs Have Decided to Remove Roger Ailes \u2014 the Only Question Now Is When Roger Ailes\u2019s tenure as the head of Fox News may be coming to an end. Rupert Murdoch and sons Lachlan and James \u2014 co-chairmen
Fox News Stars At The GOP Convention Really Don\u2019t Want To Talk About Roger Ailes Any thoughts on reports that Ailes is about to be ousted? \No. God, no.\
Journalists Cross Fingers They Won't Be Arrested Covering GOP Convention Protests No reporters were arrested four years ago, but they've been grabbed at mass protests since then.
Roger Ailes' Days Running Fox News May Be Numbered The Murdochs have reportedly agreed to remove the network's CEO in response to a sexual harassment investigation.
Natalie Portman STILL Isn't Wearing Pants As promised, today\u2019s New York Times Style Magazine has a story about Natalie Portman and her directorial debut (7.17.16). Apparently
When Seeing Is No Longer Believing Remember the video of the downhill skier being chased by a bear? It was not only all over the Internet, it was also all over the news.
Lies, Damned Lies And Plain Nonsense There is one thing about the Internet, Facebook and other forms of social media that is alarming
White House Correspondents Association Struggles To Find Role In 2016 Election What to do when the biggest disputes over access have shifted from the briefing room to the campaign trail?
Stephen Colbert Has A Plan To Be Super Current During The Conventions Although, no worries, not super respectful.
Many Americans Are Already Tired Of Hearing About The 2016 Election And the conventions haven't even happened yet.
Michele Bachmann Says Jews Will Be Free To Say 'Merry Christmas' When Donald Trump Is President The \War on Christmas\ is starting early this year.
Donald Trump Defends Fox News Chief Roger Ailes Over Sexual Harassment Claims \u201cI think they are unfounded, just based on what I\u2019ve read.\
BuzzFeed To Highlight Donald Trump's Media Blacklist At GOP Convention Bash From cuddly creatures in 2012 to press freedom in 2016.
A Fox News Contributor Offers Her Feminist Take On Carlson And Ailes Sexual harassment, unfortunately, is something many American women face. I, in fact, took legal action 18 years ago against
Bill O'Reilly Claims To Know How Martin Luther King Jr. Would Feel About BLM Protests Fox News host claims social justice movement \encourages violence through irresponsible rhetoric.\
Carrie Budoff Brown Named Politico's Next Editor The newsroom veteran has \Politico in her blood,\ says co-founder John Harris.
News Outlets Prepare For Possible Unrest At Political Conventions A top security firm has trained journalists at nearly two dozen organizations in recent months.
Melissa Harris-Perry Joins BET As Special Correspondent The former MSNBC host has a new gig.
Syd Schanberg It's tempting to say that Syd's brand of journalism will be missed. Of course it will. But the apex of his creativity and enterprise was 40 years ago, and it was a very different time then.
Conservative Media Finally Starting To Realize That Racism Is A Problem One conservative columnist says \police brutality toward African-Americans is a pervasive problem that has been going on for generations.\
Newt Gingrich Hopes People Dislike The Media Enough To Vote For Donald Trump So does this mean even more swipes at Chuck Todd?
New York Post Recklessly Hypes 'Civil War' After Dallas Shooting Rival Daily News stopped the presses to swap front page on recent police killings to one on Thursday's killing of police.
Fox News' Roger Ailes Demands Arbitration In Gretchen Carlson Harassment Case Ailes\u2019 lawyers said Carlson\u2019s contract with Fox News had required her to arbitrate any employment disputes.
Roger Ailes Clearly Underestimated Gretchen Carlson She wasn't the dumb anchor she played on \Fox and Friends.\
Roger Ailes Accused Of Sexism In The Workplace? The Record Is Long. Gretchen Carlson is not the first to speak out against the Fox News chief.
IBT Seems To Be Outsourcing Eliminated U.S. Reporting Jobs To India Former employees say the move will likely lower costs, as well as the quality of the publication's work.
Is The Statue Of Liberty A Man? Author believes the model for Lady Liberty was sculptor Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Auguste Bartholdi's brother.
Rolling Stone Reporter Recalls The Moment Her UVA Rape Story Unraveled \I had been completely blindsided. I felt shattered.\
New York Times Reporter Lands Book Deal To Report On The New York Times \I'm not going to pull any punches,\u201d says Los Angeles bureau chief Adam Nagourney.
Lewandowski Already Sounds Like A Broken Record, Only 5 Days Into His CNN Gig So much for candor.
Dan Rather Worries That The Media Has Become 'A Business Partner Of Donald Trump' The former CBS News anchor warns that \there has been some media complicity\ in the candidate's rise.
CNN Staff Revolts Over Corey Lewandowski Hire Ivanka Trump isn\u2019t the only one who doesn\u2019t want Corey Lewandowski around. Sources told Page Six on Friday that CNN\u2019s \u201cfacing
Hulk Hogan To Be Creditor In Gawker Bankruptcy Hogan won a $140 million lawsuit against Gawker over the website's publishing of a sex tape he was in.
Donald Trump's Campaign Finally Lets BuzzFeed Into An Event But the Washington Post, another member of the media blacklist, is left outside.
New York Daily News Slams Senate Gun Vote With Bloodied Capitol Building Senators who rejected modest gun controls voted \in favor of continued mass killings,\ the paper says.
Jewish Newspaper Won\u2019t Mention Donald Trump For 24 Hours Over Anti-Semitic Attacks on Journalists It's a \Trumpatorium,\ says Forward editor-in-chief.
(VIDEO) Grey New York Mines Search Terms, Locks In How-To Videos For Gillette 
Silver Bells The final chapter in my career with the company arrived unceremoniously in four very average cardboard boxes.  The belongings were well cared for and meticulously cataloged on labels but I really didn't want to look.  After sixteen years with the company, I knew what the boxes contained.
Innovation in News Media World Report 2016 
Sumner Redstone Moves To Oust Viacom Board Members The move comes amid a heated legal battle over Redstone's media empire.
The Boston Globe\u2019s Powerful Message On Gun Violence The front page features a to-scale photo of the military-style AR-15.
Now Peter Thiel\u2019s Lawyer Wants to Silence Reporting on Trump\u2019s Hair One day after the Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel revealed his clandestine legal attack on Gawker Media to the New
CNN's Anderson Cooper Reads Aloud Orlando Victims' Names In Moving Tribute \They are more than a list of names.\
Donald Trump Takes A Page From The Autocrat's Media Playbook Revoking The Washington Post\u2019s press credentials invites comparisons to governments known for cracking down on press freedom.
New Report Proves What We Already Knew \Trump is arguably the first bona fide media-created presidential nominee,\ the study said. \Although he subsequently tapped a political nerve, journalists fueled his launch.\
Orlando Sentinel Front Page Tells City To Define Itself By Unity, Not Tragedy \We proudly reaffirm Orlando's identity as a welcoming, inclusive place for people who live here or visit, no matter their background or orientation,\ the paper said.
Donald Trump's Demagoguery Challenges Journalistic Norms \On the Media\ co-host Bob Garfield wants CNN's Jake Tapper to put away the \sweet hammer\ when dealing with Trump.
Gawker Exploring Lawsuit Against Peter Thiel Gawker Media is exploring options for litigation against Peter Thiel following the billionaire venture capitalist\u2019s secret
Gawker Media Files For Bankruptcy The media organization is appealing a $140 million verdict in favor of former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan.
Bernie Sanders Supporters Attack Reporters Online After Hillary Clinton Declared Nominee Awful.
Behind Peter Thiel's Plan To Destroy Gawker It\u2019s voting season for the Emmy Awards, which means that electioneering in the form of billboards rising into the haze dominates
Fox News Disputes Idea Donald Trump Got Interview Questions In Advance \Bill O'Reilly is the only person who knows what exactly he'll ask,\ executive producer says.
Politico Steps Up Search For New Editor Several prominent journalists have been considered for the influential role, as the 2016 conventions approach.
Savannah Guthrie Will Stay Away From Rio Olympics Over Zika Fears The \Today\ anchor is pregnant with her second child.
Megyn Kelly Slams Donald Trump's 'Mexican' Judge Remarks Her Fox News colleague Bill O'Reilly, on the other hand, defended Trump's position, calling for the judge to recuse himself from the case.
BuzzFeed Refuses To Run Trump Ads, Backs Out Of Agreement With RNC \We don\u2019t run cigarette ads because they are hazardous to our health, and we won\u2019t accept Trump ads for the exact same reason.\
Slain NPR Photojournalist Remembered Through His Most Evocative Photos The Emmy Award-winner worked with NPR for nearly a decade.
NPR Photojournalist, Translator Killed In Afghanistan By Zainullah Stanekzai and Josh Smith LASHKAR GAH/KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A veteran American photojournalist and a
Helsinki's Data Journalism, Transparency and Scoops 
Gawker Media Has Received \u2018Multiple\u2019 $100 Million-Plus Bids Nick Denton\u2019s embattled site has garnered major acquisition interest, an individual with knowledge of the company tells TheWrap
Trump Campaign Stops Reporter From Doing Journalism At Rally Politico's Ben Schreckinger was removed from a California event that he had a ticket to attend.
Donald Trump Is Still Getting Away With Claiming He Opposed The Iraq War The New York Times is the latest outlet not to challenge his evidence-free boast.
Paul Ryan Gives Trump Endorsement Scoop To His Hometown Paper The speaker's office says the timing of the Janesville Gazette column was not pegged to a major Hillary Clinton speech.
Tribune Publishing Could Not Have Picked A Worse Name For Its Rebranding tronc. It sounds like it might be a futuristic drug. Or a bodily function.
Peter Thiel Passes Up Chance To Face Gawker's Nick Denton Thiel's at war with Denton, but he avoided this battle.
Jeff Bezos Warns That Revenge Against Gawker Is Pointless Peter Thiel is warring with the website, but Amazon\u2019s founder says public figures should develop a thick skin.
Vice News Steps Up Hiring After Recent Layoffs The media company continues reorganizing its newsroom and expands with new San Francisco bureau.
Glenn Beck Suspended From SiriusXM Radio Over Comments About Trump The radio network said the comments could be construed as an endorsement of anti-Trump violence.
How Peter Thiel\u2019s Gawker Battle Could Open A War Against The Press Probably the most important case in American press law is New York Times Co. v. Sullivan (1964), in which the Supreme Court
Donald Trump Wants Journalists Thanking Him Instead of Asking Tough Questions Here's what a Trump White House press conference could look like.
Reflections for An Uneasy Memorial Day On the final Memorial Day weekend of the Obama administration, the soon to be astonishingly young ex-Commander-in-Chief has some recent successes to savor on the security front.
Conflict, Ethics and Arab Media Arab media aren't facing up to their responsibility of not fanning the flames of hate speech and sedition, and should exert more effort to mitigate conflicts they help provoke.
Tech Titans Raise Their Guard, Pushing Back Against News Media SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 After the news that one of Silicon Valley\u2019s stars secretly funded a lawsuit to bring down a gossip site, the
Gawker CEO Silicon Valley venture capitalist Peter Thiel's attack on Gawker shows \the power of the billionaire class,\ the online media
eBay Founder Backing Gawker\u2019s Appeal Of Hulk Sex Tape Verdict Two Silicon Valley billionaires with a history of bad blood are squaring off over Gawker.
It\u2019s Official The scale is tipping from traditional media to social media as a source for news. That\u2019s the conclusion reached in a new
Nick Denton The Gawker Media founder hit back at Thiel in an open letter.
Gawker Founder Looking To Sell After Losing Hogan Judgment Gawker Media founder Nick Denton has begun quietly soliciting bids for the sale of his company, The Post has learned.
Bill O'Reilly Fox News host blames so-called 'Ferguson Effect' for rising murder rates.
Silicon Valley Billionaire Linked To Gawker Lawsuit Once Gave Big To Press Freedom PayPal co-founder and Trump booster Peter Thiel gave $1 million to the Committee to Protect Journalists before reportedly helping Hulk Hogan.
Judge Denies Gawker New Trial In Hulk Hogan Case TAMPA, Fla., May 25 (Reuters) - Gawker will not get a new trial to defend its posting of a Hulk Hogan sex tape, and a Florida
New York Times Opts For Voluntary Buyouts, Not Layoffs -- For Now The announcement comes five days after editor Dean Baquet told anxious staffers no layoffs were planned this year.
Donald Trump Injects Yet Another Conspiracy Theory Into 2016 News Cycle With some help from The Washington Post.
Vice Media Lays Off Nearly 20 Staffers Amid Reshuffle The company is both hiring and firing as a nightly newscast nears.
In Adelson\u2019s Newsroom, Looser Purse Strings and a Tighter Leash In late January, about a half-dozen reporters from The Las Vegas Review-Journal gathered at a colleague\u2019s apartment after
Edward R. Murrow 'Would Have Skewered' Donald Trump, Media Critic Says Media outlets have faced criticism for not being tough on Trump.
Media, The Myth of Trump and What Really Matters Circus-like media attention is good for ratings, for advertising revenues, for circulation and for Mr. Trump. It enables Mr. Trump to spin--with ever-increasing brilliance--the myth of his invincible persona.
Does Facebook Make You Narrow-Minded? That's the thrust of Frank Bruni's thoughtful column in the New York Times where he references social psychologists to assert that we're turning into \culturally and ideologically inflexible tribes.\
Sumner Redstone Inaccessible To Viacom As Drama Builds Family and colleagues of  Redstone, 92, are battling over his media empire.
The Late David Carr's Twitter Was Hacked, Raising Concerns About Accounts For Deceased Everyone can be hacked online \u2014 even the dead.
National Rifle Association Denies Guardian US Entry To Annual Convention The gun rights organization is said to have barred access to foreign media outlets.
Pentagon Official Once Told Morley Safer That Reporters Who Believe the Government Are 'Stupid' Morley Safer, who was a correspondent on CBS\u2019s 60 Minutes from 1970 until just last week, died Thursday at age 84.
New York Times Names Elizabeth Spayd Public Editor She has big shoes to fill, as predecessor Margaret Sullivan raised expectations for the role.
The Huffington Post Stands By Its Reporting On Unaoil The investigation uncovered more than 100,000 documents.
'Renegade Jew' Trends On Twitter After Breitbart Story On Bill Kristol's #NeverTrump Plan An insult... or a \badass\ new nickname?
New York Times In 'Final Stage' Of Selecting Next Public Editor Veteran journalists Debra Adams Simmons and Elizabeth Spayd are said to be among the finalists.
Mark Zuckerberg To Meet With Glenn Beck, Top Conservatives Amid Bias Claims Facebook has been under fire for allegations that its trending news module suppressed conservative topics.
3 Tips for Better Podcast Interviews Depending on your show's focus, many of your guests may not have the \chops\ that seasoned speakers and media pros have for being interviewed. Not to worry though, your interviews can still be entertaining.
The Lakota Times Owes Its Beginning to 'Pug' Her nickname was \Pug\ and I never found out why? She was 82 and was the editor, publisher, layout and design specialist, photographer, typesetter and sometimes janitor of the Sheridan County Star in Rushville, Nebraska.
Alan Rusbridger, Once Guardian\u2019s Celebrated Editor, Severs Ties With It LONDON \u2014 When Alan Rusbridger retired last year after two decades as the editor of The Guardian, he was lauded as one of
Trump Campaign Can't Stop Reporters From Covering GOP Convention News organizations on its \blacklist\ will still be able to attend the July event.
60 Minutes' Morley Safer retires after 46 seasons Longtime CBS newsman Morley Safer retires after a career spanning seven decades, unmatched for its impact, scope and style
Donald Trump Will Release His Tax Returns, Just After He Runs Out Of Reasons Not To He says voters aren\u2019t interested. That doesn\u2019t mean journalists shouldn\u2019t be.
Mike Bloomberg Apologizes For Giving His Top Political Journalists A Watergate-Era Nickname The CEO also says the future of Bloomberg political coverage, including \With All Due Respect,\ will be determined after the election.
Journalists Dispute Claim They Helped Sell White House Iran Deal The New York Times Magazine editor defended the description, though he acknowledged the journalists should have been contacted for comment.
BBC Reporter Rupert Wingfield-Hayes Expels From North Korea For Improper 'Reportage' He was detained at Pyongyang airport and interrogated for an inappropriate description of leader Kim Jong Un.
Sumner Redstone Trial Roils CBS, Viacom The entertainment is gripped by the trial, as Redstone has majority control of media companies Viacom and CBS.
40 Years Ago the Unthinkable Happened May 9, 1976 was ground-breaking. Many people walking among us today are now entering their 40th year of long-term recovery as a result of this far reaching public awareness effort, dubbed Operation Understanding, and the coverage that followed.
Egyptian Court Recommends Death Penalty For Journalists, Mursi Verdict Postponed The final ruling is expected on June 18.
Stressing \u2018company loyalty\u2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal threatens to fire staff who share internal information The Las Vegas Review Journal, a prominent Nevada newspaper that's been in a state of tumult ever since its sale to controversial
NBC Relocates \u2018Nightly News\u2019 To Trump Tower, For A Night On the day that Donald J. Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee for president, NBC came to him.
The Media Keeps Letting Trump Get Away With His Iraq Lie One of the great stories of 2016 is how Donald Trump hacked the media
Donald Trump Boosts The National Enquirer As Likely Showdown With Hillary Clinton Looms The presumptive Republican nominee has had the supermarket tabloid in his corner throughout the primary.
#NeverTrump Conservative Media Will Have To Decide If Never Means Never Railing against Donald Trump becomes tougher on the right as he gets closer to winning the Republican nomination.
Hulk Hogan Files Second Lawsuit Against Gawker The former wrestling star accused Gawker of leaking his racist comments from a sex tape.
Fight breaks out between Fox News and Huffington Post reporters at swanky Correspondents' Dinner after party A swanky Correspondents' Dinner after party turned violent in the early hours of Sunday morning after two reporters got into
Center For Public Integrity Lays Off Two Reporters Amid Restructuring The cutbacks come on the heels of the Center's international investigative project scoring major scoop with the Panama Papers.
'Take Your Kid To Work Day' Results In NPR Newscast Shutting Down For Full Minute \Take your child to work day\ is a wonderful day at the office for everyone not responsible for a small child.
New York Times boss sued over alleged ageist, racist and sexist hiring practices Paper denies \u2018unjustified\u2019 claims that CEO Mark Thompson introduced culture that favors \u2018young, white\u2019 and single staffers
Arianna Huffington Did Not Edit This Story About Uber The Huffington Post editor-in-chief's new role on the Uber board of directors raises concerns about her site's editorial independence.
Las Vegas Review-Journal Columnist Resigns Las Vegas Review-Journal columnist John L. Smith resigned from the paper on Tuesday, after the paper prevented him from writing
Donald Trump Agrees To Sit-Down Interview With Nemesis Megyn Kelly The Fox News host says she anticipates a \fascinating exchange.\
Cosby Loses Bid To Force New York Magazine To Hand Over Reporters' Notes NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Courts on both U.S. coasts dealt setbacks to Bill Cosby's legal team on Tuesday, as the
Climate Scientists Are Like 'Doomsday Street Preachers,' Fox Guest Says Also, experts are wrong because of armadillos.
Fox News Shake-Up Throws Roger Ailes Succession Race Into Disarray A few days ago, Fox News chief Roger Ailes summoned the network\u2019s top executives to a meeting on the second floor of Fox
Why The Washington Post Won A Pulitzer For A Story The Guardian Also Owned Both outlets investigated police shootings, but the award prompted debate over timing of the two projects.
Wolf Blitzer Confuses Prince's 'Purple Rain' With Jimi Hendrix's 'Purple Haze' You had one job, Wolf.
Melissa Harris-Perry Is Elle.com's New Editor-at-Large #Nerdland has a new home.
Vice Gearing Up For Nightly HBO Show With New Hires, Moves The New York Times' Ryan McCarthy becomes Vice News editor-in-chief while Jason Mojica heads a forthcoming nightly TV show.
Melissa Harris-Perry Becoming Elle.com Editor At Large Two months after a public dispute and departure from MSNBC, Melissa Harris-Perry is joining Elle.com as an editor at large
Picasso and Pornhub 
Arianna Tells Bill Maher About Trump's Lasting Contribution To American Life \Generations to come will be telling their children.\
What It's Like To Report From The Front Lines Of The Zika Virus \The media covers outbreaks in a big way. We hit things like a tsunami.\
New Republic Editor Gabriel Snyder Leaves Magazine Two Months After New Owner Arrives It's another shakeup at the century-old magazine after most of its staff walked out in 2014.
Boston Globe Hammers Trump With Fake Front Page Kid Rock is going to be an ambassador. To repeat, Kid Rock is going to be an ambassador.
Neither Cruz nor Sanders Won in Wisconsin, the Real Winner Was the Media Far from being neutral, the media have fanned the rhetorical fires by focusing on provocative statements from the candidates and their surrogates rather than on the substantive differences between the contenders.
How Does One Set a Price on a Historic Site? When I decided to take on the task of buying the land at Wounded Knee on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota from the white landowner, James Czywczynski, I knew there would tongues wagging, heads nodding, and even some hints of hate.
NY1 Finally Gets To Cover A New York Presidential Primary That Matters The candidates have descended on New York for its first competitive primary in decades, \sort of like those cicadas that come out every 18 years,\ NY1's political director says.
Charlie Rose Opens Up About One Of His Greatest Regrets 'I never spent time ... to talk to my parents and record it.'
Politico Speeds Up Management Transition As Co-Founder Jim VandeHei Nears Exit More changes are coming as the Beltway news organization searches for a new top editor and a replacement for \Playbook\ writer Mike Allen.
Looking For Help That Never Came There is a huge problem in this state because police officers and medical doctors are not properly trained to identify mental illness. Whenever confronted by a mentally disturbed person the first action of the police is to shoot to kill.
Duck Dynasty's Willie Robertson Is Getting His Own Fox News Podcast He's going to talk about faith and family.
Unaoil Threatened To Seek Injunction Before Publication Of Bribery Expose An Australian media company partnered with The Huffington Post on a six-month investigation that began with a source's unusual request.
CNN Chief Jeff Zucker Defends Donald Trump Coverage After Another Record-Setting Night Media's doing \too much handwringing\ over how Trump is covered, the network president said.
The Guardian German historian shows how news agency retained access in 1930s by promising not to undermine strength of Hitler regime
Bad News For Al Jazeera The layoffs, which will impact positions worldwide, are reportedly \u201ctied to the falling price of oil.\u201d
The 'Massive Game Of Telephone' That Preceded The Ted Cruz Tabloid Rumors Reporters and operatives spent months caught up in unsubstantiated claims of a sex scandal before they ran in the National Enquirer.
Flip Into the Digital Era of Fashion At the intersection of fashion and technology meets a new generation of fashion writers.
Gawker\u2019s Season of Fear and Loathing A source familiar with the situation said Gawker ultimately paid the subject of the offending article a tidy undisclosed
Rudy Giuliani Says Hillary Clinton 'Could Be Considered A Founding Member Of ISIS' Former New York City mayor blames the Democratic frontrunner for creating the terror group.
Fox News She's been criticized for shouting before.
Nick Denton I had suspicions, but it it is now clear that Hogan\u2019s lawsuit was a calculated attempt to prevent Gawker, or anyone else
Brian Williams Accidently Calls Pulitzer Prize-Winning Journalist A Communist Oops!
Gawker Slapped With $25 Million In Punitive Damages Over Hulk Hogan Sex Tape ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (Reuters) - A Florida jury awarded punitive damages totaling $25 million on Monday in a second blow
Gawker's Wikipedia Pages Get Trolled In Wake Of Hulk Hogan Verdict Somebody added insult to Gawker's $115 million lawsuit loss.
What The Hulk Hogan Verdict Means For Freedom Of The Press The $115 million verdict against Gawker might not affect other media all that much.
Fox News Rips Donald Trump's 'Sick Obsession' With Megyn Kelly The network came out swinging after the GOP candidate called for a boycott of Kelly's show.
The Rise And Fall Of Andrew Breitbart Back in 2011, the feisty right-wing media personality Andrew Breitbart made a prediction about Donald Trump that turned out
How Merrick Garland Made It Harder For Obama To Be So Secretive The Supreme Court nominee has an expansive view of who should be able to get government documents for free.
Hulk Hogan vs. Gawker Sex Tape Trial Nears Verdict The case could be a landmark for what is protected by the First Amendment.
Jury Awards Hulk Hogan $115 Million In Gawker Sex Tape Lawsuit The Florida jury sided with Hogan in a case that pitted a celebrity's right to privacy against the First Amendment.
Bill O'Reilly Claims Univision And Jorge Ramos Can't Cover Trump Fairly \I don't know what's in his heart, but I know what's coming out of his mouth.\
No One's Asking Donald Trump About Campaign Manager Accused Of Grabbing Reporter The Republican front-runner has done more than a dozen TV interviews without getting a single  question about his top aide, Corey Lewandowski.
The GOP Debate Season Might Finally Be Over Fox News cancelled the next Republican debate after Trump and Kasich bowed out.
PBS News Story on First-Time Trump Voters Prominently Displays Longtime White Power Tattoos Last night, PBS NewsHour ran a story on the Tilly family of Fayetteville, North Carolina. The Tillys do not have a history
Michelle Fields, Ben Shapiro Resign From Breitbart Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields and editor-at-large Ben Shapiro are resigning from the company over the site\u2019s handling
'Ashamed' Breitbart Writers Revolt In Leaked Internal Messages Michelle Fields is gone. Ben Shapiro is gone. Breitbart is in turmoil. And it\u2019s all because of Donald Trump\u2026or at least what
How Donald Trump Proves The Equal Time Rule Is A Joke Donald Trump gets twice as much news coverage as the other candidates for president. Cable networks broadcast his rallies
CBS News Reporter Sopan Deb Arrested While Covering Donald Trump Rally He's charged with resisting arrest despite no evidence of doing so.
Breitbart Reporter Files Police Report Against Trump Campaign Manager Over Alleged Assault A Washington Post reporter stands by an eyewitness account that Breitbart calls into question.
Reboot Illinois Sold To Chicago Investment Firm AFK Media Group plans to take the political journalism site \to the next level.\
Trump-Friendly Breitbart News Rolls Over After Reporter \u2018Grabbed\u2019 By Trump Aide Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump and his outsider juggernaut seem to be doing much more than reinventing
It's Getting Harder For Donald Trump To Deny That His Top Aide Assaulted A Reporter Some journalists say Corey Lewandowski, long known for being aggressive with the media, should be fired.
Gawker Reveals Where It Drew The Line On Celebrity Sex Tapes The former editor-in-chief was joking, wasn't he?
Donald Trump Bristles At The Idea He\u2019s Inspired Kids To Act Racist \When you ... talk about building a wall and you talk about banning Muslims, doesn't that have an effect on children?\ journalist Cokie Roberts asked.
David Brooks Urges Republicans It\u2019s 2 a.m. The bar is closing. Republicans have had a series of strong and nasty Trump cocktails. Suddenly Ted Cruz is beginning
Ted Cruz Suggests The Media Is Conspiring To Help Donald Trump Win Primary The Texas senator is right that reporters can dig deeper into the front-runner's past, but it's hard to believe they're sitting on big stories.
A Plagiarism Scandal Is Unfolding In The Crossword World A group of eagle-eyed puzzlers, using digital tools, has uncovered a pattern of copying in the professional crossword-puzzle
David Duke Returns In Bizarre, Rambling TV Interview The former KKK leader defended his past, just days after calling on his supporters to vote for Donald Trump.
Melissa Harris-Perry Rejects MSNBC Deal In Scathing Farewell Melissa Harris-Perry has chosen the freedom to speak over an exit package.
Fox News Doesn't Consider The Whole Donald Trump-KKK Thing A Big Deal Megyn Kelly, unlikely voice of reason, has been the only one calling out the candidate.
CBS Chief Les Moonves Says Trump's 'Damn Good' For Business \Sorry. It's a terrible thing to say. But, bring it on, Donald. Keep going.\
Scarborough Joe Scarborough said on Monday that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's refusal on Sunday to condemn former
Republican Debate Was 'An Embarrassment' For The GOP, Says Fox News Host Chris Wallace \u201cIf you saw someone acting presidentially on that stage, you got better eyesight, Bill, than I do.\u201d
Secret Service Agent Roughs Up Journalist Reporting At A Donald Trump Rally The agency's role is to protect the candidate, not enforce the campaign's press restrictions.
MSNBC Sever Ties With Melissa Harris-Perry After Host\u2019s Critical Email MSNBC intends to part ways with host Melissa Harris-Perry after she complained about preemptions of her weekend program and
Melissa Harris-Perry 'Highly Unlikely' To Return To MSNBC \Melissa Harris-Perry\ the TV show ended not with a celebration or a cancellation, but with a tug of war over Beyonc\u00e9.
Melissa Harris-Perry Walks Off Her MSNBC Show After Pre-Emptions Melissa Harris-Perry said she was refusing to go on the MSNBC show she hosts this Saturday, following several weeks of pre
Win McCormack Buys The New Republic After Period Of Turmoil The liberal activist and publisher has bought the magazine, which has undergone dramatic changes in recent years.
Even Fox News Thinks The GOP Needs To Chill Out On This Supreme Court Thing Republicans' refusal to let Obama nominate a new justice has some people at the conservative network scratching their heads.
CEO Jack Griffin Is Out At Tribune Tribune Publishing has parted ways with its CEO Jack Griffin, I\u2019ve learned. In a fast-moving turn of events, unusually quick
Mount Vernon Says It Owns George Washington's Copy Of Don Quixote, Not Glenn Beck Conservative host acknowledges his book wasn't purchased the day the Constitution was signed but is a later edition connected to the president.
New York Times Reporter Live-Tweets Megabus Explosion Lucas Peterson was traveling from Chicago to Minneapolis when his bus burst into flames.
The Sunday Talk Shows Didn\u2019t Ask A Single Presidential Candidate About The Kalamazoo Shooting No one bothered to bring up gun control.
Margaret Sullivan Took The New York Times Public Editor Role Into The Digital Age She's ending her four-year term early, taking her expertise to The Washington Post where she\u2019ll be a media columnist.
Author Of Botched Daniel Holtzclaw Profile Apologizes For 'Lopsided Account' \By not spending more time reaching out to victims or their families as a way of accounting for the horrific abuse they suffered, I made a grave mistake.\
Trump's Latest Press Conference Earned Him A Ton Of Free Airtime Political ads cost a lot -- unless you've figured out a way not to have to run them.
Jose Antonio Vargas' New Site Aims To Tell Better Story About Race And Identity In America The journalist is trying to raise $500,000 for the project, which will be matched by crowdfunding startup Beacon.
SB Nation Yanks 'Wrongheaded' Daniel Holtzclaw Article After Fierce Criticism The story was rapped for its sympathetic view of the college football player who became a rapist cop.
MSNBC Gives Donald Trump A Primetime Stage Against CNN's Republican Town Hall Break out the countdown clocks!
The Digital Dirt In the early-morning hours of February 15, 2014, Ray Rice and his fianc\u00e9e, Janay Palmer, stepped into an elevator at the
This Marine Wants To Tell The Stories Of America's Veterans. But He Needs Your Help. Thomas Brennan, who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, is launching an ambitious new military magazine.
Duchess Kate To Guest Edit HuffPost UK And Back Children's Mental Health THE Duchess of Cambridge will this week take charge of The Huffington Post UK from a \u201cnewsroom\u201d created in apartment 8 of
Donald Trump Keeps Saying He Opposed The Iraq War, But No One Can Find Any Evidence The Republican candidate has yet to produce the articles he claims exist.
Gwen Ifill And Judy Woodruff Make History As First All-Female Duo To Moderate A Presidential Debate A woman didn't host a presidential debate on her own until 2012.
Hillary Clinton Keeps Campaign Press Corps At Arm's Length The Democratic candidate hasn't been available to her traveling reporters in more than two months.
Bernie Sanders' New Hampshire Win Shows How Far He's Come Since Media Wrote Him Off The general consensus was that he would shape the conversation, but wouldn't mount a serious challenge.
Sources This past December, Colleen Dominguez filed an age and gender discrimination lawsuit against Fox Sports 1. In the complaint
Arianna Huffington Makes The Case For Baby Photos Over Free Guac \I personally have never seen an ugly baby, but I have seen plenty of ugly brown guacamole.\
Vice Wants To Be Known For More Than Covering War The new season of its HBO show kicks off this week, with a 24-hour lifestyle channel and daily TV newscast on the way.
CNN's Brooke Baldwin Says Ted Cruz Spouted 'B.S.' The anchor offered a vehement defense of her network on Wednesday.
New York Times Eyes Ambitious Overhaul In Quest For 'Journalistic Dominance' The paper's top editors plan to rethink pretty much everything.
MSNBC Anchor Describes Terrifying Harassment, Racial Threats \I don\u2019t know if he was there to kill me,\ Melissa Harris-Perry wrote about the encounter Monday night in Iowa.
Harper's Top Editor Fired After Just 3 Months The departure is reportedly due to \editorial differences.\
Bob Woodward's Problems With Hillary Clinton Definitely Aren't Sexist, No Sir He just wishes she would stop shouting.
Brian Williams Brings Some Sass To Coverage Of Iowa Caucuses He said one Iowan appeared to be wearing a cape while he caucused, \so maybe that gives him strength.\
Radio Host Totally Owns Caller Who Labels All Muslims 'Maggots' \You're an idiot!\
On the Eve of Iowa Voting is finally about to begin in the Republican and Democratic presidential primary contests. That's exciting. But it may not last.
Glenn Beck Tells Iowans Ted Cruz Is A Modern-Day George Washington He brought props, too.
Why Director Brent Roske Traded Hollywood For Iowa He went to make a movie and fell in love with Des Moines.
James Murdoch Returns To Company He Left In Disgrace He left what was then known as BSkyB in 2012 over the infamous phone hacking scandal.
Massive Shakeup At Politico With Co-Founder Jim VandeHei, Mike Allen Set To Leave Who will win the morning now?
Donald Trump Tells Bill O'Reilly It's 'An Eye For An Eye' In War With Fox News GOP candidate continues to refuse to debate, renews attacks on Megyn Kelly.
Donald Trump Expects The Media To Do What He Wants -- Because It Often Does The Republican front-runner is skipping the Fox debate and allowing rival networks to cover his competing event live.
Fox News Statement Taunting Trump Was '100 Percent' Roger Ailes As the war between Fox News and Donald Trump ratchets up, Roger Ailes is fighting off criticism from his senior executives
Fox News Slams Trump Campaign's 'Terrorizations' Against Megyn Kelly \We can't give into terrorizations toward any of our employees.\
Bloomberg Editor Quits Over Fear The Company Can't Cover Michael Bloomberg Aggressively \The bottom line is, you can\u2019t cover the circus unless you can write about one of the biggest elephants in the room,\ said Kathy Kiely.
MSNBC And New Hampshire Union Leader Plan Rogue Democratic Debate But so far only O'Malley's definitely coming.
Variety Tackles #OscarsSoWhite Problem With 'Shame On Us' Cover \As the cover line states, we are all to blame. Let's act!\
The Dutch Tech Whiz Who Could Save Journalism Alexander Kl\u00f6pping is taking his vision for a journalistic iTunes to the US.
The Final Days Of Al Jazeera America Al Jazeera America's employees didn't see it coming. They thought they had more time.
Michael Bloomberg's 2016 Ambitions May Shake Up The Race -- And His Media Company So how's Bloomberg going to cover Bloomberg?
Mizzou Professor Who Blocked Reporters From Protest Charged With Assault The city prosecutor's office charged Melissa Click with third-degree assault over a November altercation with reporters on campus.
Guardian News & Media to cut costs by 20% Publisher of the Guardian and Observer aims to break even within three years and launches a new strategy focusing on future growth
National Review Writer Says The New Republic's Trump Critique Is 'A Load Of Garbage' Reporter David French said National Review \is the last publication to foster white identity politics.\
CBS News Chief On Bob Schieffer's Return CBS News is riding high
The \u2018Journalism Registry\u2019 Bill Isn\u2019t The Only Bad Media Legislation Of The New Year Rep. Mike Pitts introduced a bill Tuesday titled the South Carolina Responsible Journalism Registry that would allow for fines or prison time for any \u201cperson who works as a journalist without registering.\u201d
Judge Throws Out Order Requiring Sources To Reveal Bloomberg Contacts Several media outlets said the order would make sources less likely to talk to reporters.
Photographer Leila Alaoui's Death In Terror Attack Shows Journalism's Danger The world-acclaimed artist was remembered as \a peace correspondent.\
National Review Stands Athwart Donald Trump, Even If It Can't Stop Him \We\u2019re not going to let political leaders claim what conservatism is when they don\u2019t really know what it is,\ the magazine's publisher says.
Did Binge-Watching Fox News Inspire This Man To Threaten Muslims? Rhetoric has consequences.
Here Are The Best Things The National Review Said About Trump... And His Lame Response The conservative magazine published an entire symposium bashing the Republican presidential candidate.
Upday Ups The Ante On Mobile News Aggregation Upday is a mobile news aggregation product, and it\u2019s one offering several major distinctions out of the box.
Viacom Slashes Exec Pay Amid Lawsuit Over Redstone's Health Viacom said Redstone's compensation in fiscal 2015 declined 85 percent to $2 million from $13 million in fiscal 2014.
Meet Shani Hilton, BuzzFeed\u2019s Newsmaker-In-Chief BuzzFeed\u2019s executive editor of news Shani Hilton has a slight twist on that for the media world
12 Longreads To Get You Through A Snow Day Snowed in? Fend off cabin fever with these fascinating stories.
Al Jazeera America To Lay Off 197 Employees The lay offs will occur between April 13 and April 30.
BuzzFeed Launches In Japan, With Some Help From Yahoo Japan Unlike its previous expansions, which are fully owned by BuzzFeed, BuzzFeed Japan is a joint partnership with Yahoo Japan.
Gawker Reaches Agreement To Bring in Minority Investor Media company bolsters its books as it prepares for Hulk Hogan lawsuit
Area Satirical Publication The Onion Sold To Univision (Seriously) The move comes at a time of transition and change for both organizations.
2 Iranian Poets, Facing Lashings And Prison, Escape Country Fatemeh Ekhtesari and Mehdi Mousavi's freedom came as world powers lifted sanctions on Iran
Why Univision Just Bought A Major Stake In The Onion The company said the deal will help it reach a young, diverse audience.
Bloomberg News Is Fighting A Judge's Order That Could Reveal Its Sources The outlet appealed the order in state district court, trying to prevent more than 120 people from having to disclose contact with its reporters.
GOP Rep. Wants Government To Register Journalists Those who don't comply would face \fines and criminal penalties.\
PBS Teams With NPR for 2016 Election Programming PBS and NPR are teaming up for programming centering around the 2016 presidential election, dubbed \u201cPBS Election 2016.\u201d\u00a0The
WaPo Releases First Photos Of Jason Rezaian Reunited With Family After more than 18 months, Jason Rezaian was released from an Iranian prison through a deal between the U.S. and Iran.
NBC News Hosts Second Highest-Rated Democratic Debate About 10.2 Million Americans tuned into Sunday's debate.
'I Knew It Would Happen,' Says Brother Of Freed Washington Post Reporter Ali Rezaian spoke with MSNBC's \Morning Joe\ moments before being reunited with his brother Jason.
Moroccan Journalist Is Released After 10 Months In Prison Hicham Mansouri had been working on a piece about electronic surveillance by the state when he was arrested.
'Making a Murderer' Filmmakers Say They Expected Backlash Prosecutors have claimed the film omits physical evidence against Avery.
Washington Post Declares '545-Day Nightmare' Over As Jason Rezaian Leaves Iran The paper's staff now looks forward to the journalist's newsroom homecoming.
What to Do With Television News The collapse of Al Jazeera America right on the heels of the closing of The Huffington Post's online live streaming video news programming makes us wonder what the future of video news will be.
Journalists Cheer Release Of Washington Post Reporter Jason Rezaian Though he never should have been imprisoned in the first place.
News Corp. Is Not Moving To The World Trade Center, After All 21st Century Fox and News Corp. won\u2019t be moving to the World Trade Center after all.
Revitalizing Journalism In Brazil Despite a fraught political and economic environment for journalists, new outlets in Brazil are experimenting with fact-checking, longform, and citizen media
Fox News Host Eric Bolling Wants Commies Off 'Sesame Street' Today's episode was brought to you by the letter \P\ for \Paranoid.\
Maddow Accuses Clinton Of 'Casting Aspersions' On Bernie Sanders' Character Clinton insisted she and Sanders \engage on substantive differences.\
The News Can Make You Feel Helpless. This Company Wants To Change That. Created by humanitarian aid workers, RYOT News enables its readers to get involved in the stories it reports on.
Bill O'Reilly Vows To Move To Ireland If Bernie Sanders Is Elected K, bye.
Sean Penn Upset Everyone Missed The Point Of His Terrible 'El Chapo' Article And he insists the piece didn't help Mexican authorities find the drug lord.
The Verge Co-Founder Josh Topolsky Is Raising Money to Launch a Media Startup The holding company name is Independent Media, which will cover a broad range of topics including politics, culture and business.
Virginia Lawmakers Ban Reporters From State Senate Floor, Prompting Transparency Concerns \u201cWe need more transparency in the General Assembly, not less.\u201d
Peyton Manning Takes A Jab At Al Jazeera Stay classy, Peyton. Stay classy.
Veteran Political Reporter The never-ending media cycle
New York Mag Leads Pack With 9 National Magazine Award Nominations The New York Times Magazine received seven nominations. GW and The New Yorker got six and five, respectively.
Media Companies Seek Access To Bridge Lane Closure Case List The Associated Press and eight other organizations filed in federal court in Newark.
Bill Maher Calls Ted Cruz 'Scarier Than Donald Trump' Trump should not take this as an endorsement.
Al Jazeera America Shutting Down Al Jazeera, which made a massive investment in covering the United States less than three years ago, is slamming the brakes
\u2018Serial\u2019 Podcast, Needing More Reporting Time, Goes Biweekly In an unexpected development, the second season of \u201cSerial,\u201d which is about Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, is moving to a biweekly broadcasting schedule.
Grantland Redux, At MTV At least five ex-Grantlanders have been tapped to contribute to MTV News
Chris Hughes And The Dangers Of Impact Investing Chris Hughes took a crazy existential risk with The New Republic, and, predictably, it didn\u2019t pan out.
Here's A Big Bird's Eye View Of The Brand New Sesame Street Can today's edgiest network save the oldest kids show\non the block?
NBC Exec Says Outrage Over Trump's 'SNL' Appearance Worth The Ratings Bob Greenblatt downplayed the reality TV star's racist remarks against immigrants.
Al Jazeera America To Shut Down By End Of April \u201cIt\u2019s journalism, so everything\u2019s unstable and you kind of roll with it,\u201d said one staffer. \u201cBut there was no indication that this sort of thing was coming.\u201d
Philly Newspaper Mogul Donates Holdings To Nonprofit The owner of The Inquirer, the Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly.com has donated the news organizations to a newly created
New York Times Names Jim Rutenberg Media Columnist After Almost Yearlong Search Editors looked inside and outside the paper to fill David Carr's perch.
Chris Hughes Throws In The Towel, Puts 'New Republic' Up For Sale The New Republic, the century-old magazine that was rocked a year ago by the mass exodus of its staff following an effort
'The Nation' To Launch Metered Paywall In 2016, an election year, we rededicate ourselves to journalism of this import and impact. That\u2019s why you won\u2019t find empty
Chris Hughes Selling The New Republic After Rocky Stewardship The Facebook co-founder says he \underestimated the difficulty of transitioning an old and traditional institution into a digital media company.\
'Rolling Stone' Faces Criticism Over Sean Penn's 'El Chapo' Interview NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 It was a big scoop, and one Rolling Stone may well regret. The magazine made stunning news over the weekend
New 'Village Voice' Owner Promises Investment Three months after a little-known Pennsylvania newspaper mogul named Peter Barbey bought the Village Voice for an undisclosed
El Chapo Sat For An Interview With Sean Penn Joaqu\u00edn Guzm\u00e1n Loera, the Mexican drug lord known as El Chapo, started out in business not long after turning 6, selling
Data Journalism for Researchers When nothing worked, Florian Ramseger went to the people from the statistics department and showed them his data. In response, he received a question
Upworthy Lays Off 15 To Focus On Video Viral news site Upworthy laid off 14 of its 97 employees today with the intention of reallocating resources toward its burgeoning
CNN Proposed Obama Town Hall On Gun Violence After San Bernardino Shooting The NRA officially declined to participate, but the cable network says some members will be in the audience.
'The Atlantic' To Launch New Politics Section, Election Hub The Atlantic is launching a new politics section and election hub, and will triple its reporting, events and business staffs
Chris Wallace Reveals His Debate-Moderating Secrets It isn\u2019t pleasant being attacked in front of millions of viewers, as Newt Gingrich did to Chris Wallace of Fox News at a
Watch This Anti-Gay Activist Try To Explain The Supreme Court To Megyn Kelly He may have forgotten that he was talking to a lawyer.
Trevor Noah Has A Question For Fox News Host Who Questioned Obama's Tears \There is something here that\u2019s not really believable
Las Vegas Review-Journal Taps Glenn Cook To Steer Newsroom Temporarily After Rocky Month The paper's senior editorial writer shifts to the news side.
Women\u2019s Health Magazine Bans Body-Shaming Phrases From Its Covers For years, lifestyle publications \u2014 in particular, women\u2019s magazines \u2014 have dominated the media landscape.
Thieves Steal News Crew's Equipment During Mayor's Anti-Robbery Press Conference It happened just about 100 feet away from where the mayor had been speaking.
BuzzFeed Awards $85,000 Journalism Fellowship To Mitchell Prothero Prothero, based in Turkey, will cover transnational crime and terrorism.
Las Vegas Review-Journal Staff Balks At Limits On Covering New Owner A staff meeting on how the paper covers itself played out live on Twitter.
Snapchat Is Building An Ad Technology Platform Snapchat is working on a crucial part of its growing digital ad business
Donald Trump Shouldn't Have Bothered Buying Airtime. Cable News Ran His Ad 60 Times For Free. Fox, MSNBC and CNN seemingly played it on loop over 24 hours.
Leader Of Oregon Militants Is No Match For Megyn Kelly The Fox News host's response to Ammon Bundy is perfect.
Sean Hannity Isn't Standing By The Bundys This Time The Fox News host is criticizing the Bundy-led Oregon occupation.
Megyn Kelly Will Slay You Now It\u2019s 8:50 P.M. at the \Kelly File\ studio. The crew dudes finish shining her glass desk, through which viewers can see her
Review-Journal To Announce Dave Butler As Interim Editor New Media Investment Group, the company that continues to manage the Las Vegas Review-Journal after selling it to casino
The Problem With Science Journalism It\u2019s the job of science journalists to look beyond data \u2013 we have to look at the people doing the science and whether they have conflicts of interest
How Medium Is Breaking Washington's Op-ed Habit The online publishing platform has assiduously courted the political class.
French Journalist Forced To Leave China After Article On Xinjiang China's foreign ministry said on Saturday that Gauthier could no longer work in China because she did not make a public apology for an article she wrote.
Oregon Occupation Is Case Of 'Government Gone Wild,' Fox Pundit Says Deneen Borelli said the armed militants are \peaceful\ and responding to government \creeping into our everyday lives.\
Bloomberg Businessweek Adds Two Editors, Writer To Staff The editor in chief announced the additions in a memo to staff on Monday.
'The Meredith Vieira Show' Canceled After Ratings Drop \We promise to spend our final weeks producing the best broadcast we know how. And have a blast doing so,\u201d Vieira said in a statement.
Boston Globe Reporters Hand Deliver Newspapers Amid Delivery Crisis Dozens of newsroom volunteers hit the streets Sunday morning to deliver thousands of papers.
What It's Like To Ring In The New Year With Fox News There are many different ways to celebrate New Year\u2019s Eve. You can get dressed up, drink fancy champagne and dance the night
Washington Post Claims It Dropped A Progressive Columnist Because Of Poor Readership. Readers Aren't Happy. Bernie Sanders says the columnist's \insights will be sorely missed.\
The New York Daily News Bill Cosby Cover Doesn't Pull Any Punches The paper's latest issue follows the first criminal charges filed against Cosby.
Poland Lawmakers Approve New Law On State Media Control WARSAW, Poland (AP) \u2014 Poland's parliament on Wednesday approved new legislation that gives the government control of state
2 Sentenced To Death In Bangladesh For Killing Blogger NEW DELHI (AP) \u2014 A court in Bangladesh on Thursday sentenced two people to death and six others to prison for killing an
3 Sentenced To Death In Bangladesh For Killing Atheist Blogger Five others were sentenced to prison for the slaying.
Our Most-Shared Stories Of 2015 What stories did readers like the most in 2015? To measure this, we tallied up the number of shares on Facebook, retweets
Where Are All The Black Cartoonists? As a light-skinned man fled the sharp sting of a police officer\u2019s weapon, the assembled crowd of a thousand or so let out
Sole Survivor Of Live TV Shooting Speaks Out Four months after she was shot in the back during a live TV broadcast, Vicki Gardner is finally finished with surgeries and
Fox News Panel On Women Voters Is Three Old White Dudes One panelist took issue with the very notion that women share interests when they walk into the voting booth.
Small Town Paper Has Opening For 'Reporter Who Reads' \So many kids you hire these days don't read anything.\
Turkish President Erdogan Had Me Jailed For Telling The Truth In Turkey, a debate as old as government itself is on the agenda again. This time, it is the Turkish government\u2019s secret
Islamic Militants Are The World\u2019s Leading Killers Of Journalists France ranked as the second-deadliest country for the press in 2015.
The New York Times Calls For $15 Minimum Wage Nationwide The paper of record's editorial is unlikely to move Congress to act, but it is a high-profile boost for the \Fight for $15\ movement.
China Kicks French Journalist Out Of The Country Over Terrorism Coverage She will become the first foreign journalist forced to leave China since 2012.
Moving Stories Peace on earth, goodwill towards men (women and children), except if they're migrants, refugees, or asylum seekers, who the media worldwide have, for the most part, failed to cover accurately, fairly, in a balanced way, and ethically.
Washington Post Journalist Jailed In Iran Has Christmas Meal With Family Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post correspondent who has been held captive by the Iranian government for more than 500 days
Black Words Matter More Black words are purposely chosen for maximum impact. They cut deep, linger in the air, and endure in one's consciousness.
Dramatic New Twist In Adelson Newspaper Mystery Who is Edward Clarkin? That question has gained national and international media attention in the five days since the Las
Inside The Making Of 'Serial' It was the day after the first episode of the second season of the Serial podcast finally kerplunked into view \u2014 along with
Vegas newspaper stands up to its newly unveiled owner, casino giant Sheldon Adelson \u201cGet ready to write a story about this,\u201d Las Vegas Review-Journal Deputy Editor James Wright told his two best reporters
Here's How Much Disney and Univision Have Lost on Fusion Fusion, the millennial-focused television network and online media property jointly owned by Walt Disney Co. and Univision
Don Lemon Ends Interview For Guest's 'Cheap Shot' On Clintons A segment about Trump quickly morphed into a shouting match about the Lewinsky affair.
New Sheldon Adelson Media Mystery Pops Up Across The Country With a reporting staff that numbers in the single digits, the New Britain Herald still fills its pages seven days a week
Two Rival Reporters Team Up To Produce One Incredible Story On Wednesday, ProPublica and The Marshall Project teamed up to publish a powerful story about an investigation into a serial
HuffPost's Data Team Picks Its Best Stories Of 2015 A look back at the investigations and visuals that made a real difference this year.
Bezos Takes Hands-On Role At Washington Post When Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos received an email from a reader complaining about the time it took for the mobile app
Is USA Today Trolling 'Star Wars' Fans With 'Star Trek' Graphics? The front-page story on the hit film was surrounded by Star Trek images.
Reporters At Las Vegas Newspaper Told To Monitor Judge In Adelson Lawsuit Just over a month before Sheldon Adelson's family was revealed as the new owner of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, three reporters
Columnist Who Debunks Internet Hoaxes Gives Up Because People Don't Care There is nothing \u2014 NOTHING \u2014 too crazy for the Internet hoax beat.Pregnancy by flu shot? Six days of total darkness? In the
Chuck Todd Imitates Yoda -- And It's Actually Pretty Good Hidden talents, he has.
Las Vegas Review-Journal Reporters Believed Credibility Depended On Revealing Secret Owner. So They Did. \u201cWe needed to be the one to report it. It\u2019s about our journalists.\u201d
NYT Public Editor Blasts Paper Over San Bernardino Reporting Mistakes are bound to happen in the news business, but some are worse than others.
This One Neat Trick Will Eliminate Clickbait Forever NPR's Carebot project aims to move beyond page views to change the way online publishers measure success.
The FBI Just Blasted Reporting On The San Bernardino Killings A whoa moment here
Billionaire Sheldon Adelson Is Behind Las Vegas Review-Journal Mystery Sale The newsroom is awash with fears about the casino mogul's intentions after his refusal to admit ownership.
\u2018Serial\u2019 Wins DuPont Award \u201cSerial,\u201d the breakout hit podcast from the producers of \u201cThis American Life,\u201d is among the winners of broadcast journalism\u2019s
Judge Schedules Hearing In Reopened 'Serial' Case At the hearing, Syed's attorneys are expected to introduce a potential alibi witness' testimony
Trump Still Won't Say He Was Wrong About Obama's Birthplace \I don't want to answer that question.\
Vice Magazine, 'The Heart of Vice,' Will Relaunch in March Vice Media, the sprawling, global media behemoth that was most recently valued at over $4 billion, began in 1994 as the punk
Washington Post Widens Online Lead Over New York Times In November Last month, the Washington Post narrowly edged the Times (66.9 million to 65.8 million) for the first time in its history as it reshapes its online presence.
The Best- and Worst-Selling Magazine Covers Of 2015 Which celebs ruled\u2014and which ones bombed
Journalists Behind Bars Eritrea, Ethiopia and Turkey also figured prominently on the list.
The End Of The Tabloid Wars On March 23, 2005, five 100-pound sacks of peanuts addressed to the Daily News\u2019 leadership, including owner Mort Zuckerman
Rachel Maddow Rails At 'Lying' CNN For Including Rand Paul In Debate \What they're doing here is so weird.\
Showtime Getting In On 2016 'Circus' With Weekly Documentary Series The network will team up with Bloomberg on a series that will air as the campaign unfolds.
Facts, R.I.P. An obituary for a magazine and for the capital it chronicled, which once prized evidence over ideology.
Censor Or Die How it works is an open secret in newsrooms here but not among readers. They are unaware of the life-and-death decisions editors make every day not to anger different local cartel commanders, each of whom has his own media philosophy.
Upworthy Made A Push Into Original Video, And You\u2019ll Totally Believe What Happened Next It\u2019s hard to watch this video of Nathan Bond painting his daughter\u2019s nails without getting a little bit choked up. As soft
Las Vegas Review-Journal Staff Launch Twitter Campaign Urging New Owner To Come Forward Jeb Bush joked that Donald Trump was the paper's mystery buyer.
Ban Trump From TV, Says Former CNN Host It\u2019s nice to dream.
How A Godfather of Democratic Blogging Came Around to Donald Trump He started blogging in 1999, and you could call him the first political blogger if you wanted to argue about it \u2014 with, among
Las Vegas Review-Journal Staffers Want To Know Who Owns Their Newspaper \I don't know who I'm working for.\
Las Vegas Review-Journal Removes Questions About Newspaper\u2019s New Mystery Owner No one knows who owns Nevada's largest media outlet.
Jon Stewart Channels Donald Trump To Get Congress To Pay Attention The comedian \Trumped it up\ with a wig and some Cheetos dust.
Atlantic Media In Talks To Sell Quartz Atlantic Media has held talks with a number of potential buyers interested in digital media about a sale of or potential
Facebook Bends To Publishers, Tweaks Instant Articles Advertising Publishers said restrictions made it too hard for them to generate revenue
WashPo Legends And A Band March Out Of Old Headquarters The Washington Post reporters and editors spent their last day in the building they have called home since 1950 with a mix of nostalgia and humor.
Here\u2019s What Happened To Pineapple, Airbnb\u2019s One-Off Print Magazine Home-rental company is now in talks with Hearst for a joint venture
Time Out To Cut About 40 Staff In UK And US Listings title aims to focus on digital as it becomes a global multimedia business
Mashable To Distribute First Feature Film 'CodeGirl' Social news site is partnering with FilmBuff on documentary film written and directed by Lesley Chilcott
As Yahoo Roils, Martha Nelson Stays Focused On Media When Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer hired former Time Inc. bigwig Martha Nelson over the summer, it seemed like the beginning of
Tom Brokaw Invokes Holocaust, Japanese Internment In Powerful Indictment Of Trump Demonizing Muslims would repeat past mistakes, he argues.
Eli Broad The billionaire philanthropist addressed a rumor started by News Corp co-chairman Rupert Murdoch.
Boston Globe Offers 'Spotlight' Fellowship To Fund Investigations There's $100,000 to look into the public interest.
First Look Media Wants To Make The Next \u2018Spotlight\u2019 Nearly two years since the company\u2019s founding, a new strategy is beginning to take shape First Look Media. When it launched
CJR It\u2019s been a standout year for journalism\u2014and a disappointing one. CJR discussed the most important media stories and trends
Report Dec 8 (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co is doubling its stake in youth-focused digital media company Vice Media to $400 million
Watch The Moment When 'Morning Joe' Loses Patience With Donald Trump \u201cYou\u2019ve got to let us actually ask questions. You\u2019re just talking.\u201d
Fox News Wants Your Kids To Stop A Gunman With Their Bare Hands Hopefully they're already trained in Krav Maga.
MSNBC To Add Bloomberg TV Political Show \u201cWith All Due Respect,\u201d Bloomberg Media\u2019s flagship political television show, will also be shown on MSNBC, weeknights at
New York Daily News Confronts Gun Control Critics In Sarcastic New Cover \Everything Is Awesome!\
Why The Country's Largest Minority-Journalism Group May Close The National Association of Black Journalists is grappling with a massive shortfall -- and none of its leaders will talk about it.
Syrian Caricaturist Ali Ferzat 'Draws' Foes' Ire The unrepentant caricaturist was hospitalized, eventually recovered and left his homeland, but continued to draw -- his pen and tongue as sharp as ever.
Why Do You Need To Have The 'First Live Shots' Of A Terrorist's Apartment? Does anyone know why, MSNBC?
Gun Debate Yields New York Times' First Page 1 Editorial Since 1920 The New York Times is running an editorial on its front page on Saturday, the first time the paper has done so since 1920
Conservative Pundit Shoots New York Times, Brags About It On Twitter That\u2019ll teach 'em.
WashPost Thursday marks the 500th day of journalist Jason Rezaian's detention, and publisher Frederick J. Ryan Jr. says the case should give everyone pause.
Thai Printer Of International NYT Blocks Stories For Third Time Discussion of Thailand's monarchy is highly sensitive, and criticism can be punished by up to 15 years in prison.
'I'm Not Broken' Not a year out of col\u00adlege and less than two months in\u00adto my job at Na\u00adtion\u00adal Journ\u00adal, I did something that I al\u00admost im\u00adme\u00addi\u00adately
Student Reporter Hit With Big Bill After FOIA Request Plymouth \u2014 Leola Gee\u2019s number one lesson for her high school journalism students
Rush Limbaugh Says Left Is 'As Guilty As Those Pulling The Trigger' Right-wing talker says Democrats and the media are \guilty\ of mass shootings.
New York Daily News Slams 'Terrorist' NRA Boss Wayne LaPierre Newspaper blasts \sick jihad against Americans in the name of profit.\
Reporters Storm San Bernardino Shooters\u2019 Home Like A Pack Of Vultures A family member's personal information was broadcast live on national TV.
The Grim, Sadly Busy Existence Of A Mass Shooting TV Pundit Retired FBI agent Clint Van Zandt is NBC's go-to analyst for these tragically recurring events.
Yahoo\u2019s Internet Business Draws Interest Potential buyers range from media and telecom giants to private-equity firms
Facebook Partners With 50 Publishers To Launch Instant Articles In Asia Facebook is bringing its Instant Article media format to Asia after more than twenty media from eleven countries in the region
Walter Pincus, About To Turn 83, Looks To The Web For His Next Act After four decades, The Washington Post decided not to renew veteran national security columnist's contract.
Fox News Guest This man is a doctor, folks.
Microsoft Has A Holiday Serenade For Its Apple Store Rivals New ad shows a heartwarming moment between the two frenemies.
New York Daily News Skewers Politicians Refusing To Act On Gun Violence Many lawmakers have offered prayers for victims of mass shootings but haven't backed policies to prevent gun violence.
Egypt Extends Journalist's Detention By 15 Days Egypt has extended the detention of a journalist accused of \releasing false news aimed at spreading terror\ and \joining
Egypt Lawyers Say Journalist Detained For 'False News' After more than eight hours of questioning in Cairo on Tuesday, prosecutors ordered Ismail Alexandrani jailed for 15 days pending investigations
The San Francisco Chronicle, Once Imperiled, Is Profitable \u2014 And Growing Its Digital Business When newspapers took a nosedive in the late 2000s, it appeared as if the San Francisco Chronicle might be one of the industry\u2019s
International New York Times' Thai Printer Refuses To Run Front-Page Story The printing company called the story too \sensitive\ but declined to specify the offending material.
Tribune Publishing Denies Rumors Of Sale After Murdoch Tweet The media mogul tweeted earlier that philanthropist Eli Broad was in the running to buy the newspaper group.
Matt Lauer And The Restoration Of 'Today' Matt Lauer is back on top. Three years after his \Today\ show suffered a humiliating fall from first to second place in the
\u2018Daily Show\u2019\u2009Staff Split On Chris Brown Interview Chris Brown is set to appear on The Daily Show tomorrow evening, and that's caused some controversy among the Comedy Central
Book Author Reveals Bush Brothers' Private Talk On Iraq Other reporters grumble because they heard the story off the record.
CNN Boss Jeff Zucker Apologizes for Controversial Freddie Gray Story CNN president Jeff Zucker on Tuesday apologized for a controversial story on the network\u2019s website Monday that called slain
Exxon Targets Columbia University Journalists Over Climate Reports ExxonMobil is hurling ethics accusations against a team of Columbia University journalists whose reporting helped stoke calls
Star-Ledger Editor Throws Shade On NH Paper's Christie Endorsement As it turns out, not knowing anything about Chris Christie was the key factor in the New Hampshire Union Leader's decision.
This App Is Changing The Way Tanzania Reads The News Tanzanians, like other Africans on the continent, are doing almost everything via their phones these days\u2014from paying bills
Tribune Denies It's In Talks To Sell After Rupert Murdoch Rumor The co-chairman of News Corp. said he had \u201cstrong word\u201d the company was being sold to a group of Wall Street investors.
Chuck Todd Calls Out Donald Trump Over 9/11 Claims \Just because somebody repeats something doesn\u2019t make it true.\u201d
CNN Invites Right-Wing Rep To Slam Planned Parenthood During Active Shooting Rep. Adam Kizinger used the shooting to bring up the widely debunked videos Planned Parenthood critics have used to attack the health care provider.
How James Foley Changed The World, One Life At A Time On a sunny afternoon in eighth grade, Eddie Martinez was out on the basketball court at Lowell Elementary School as soon
LA Times To Be Sold To Philanthropist Eli Broad, Says Rupert Murdoch Rupert Murdoch, co-chairman of Wall Street Journal publisher News Corp, on Friday said he had \strong word\ that the Tribune
How 2 Independent Journalists And A Lawyer Held Chicago Police Accountable For Teen's Death The group pried loose shocking dashcam video showing the police killing of Laquan McDonald, 17.
Trump Mocking Physical Disabilities Is Nothing New The Republican candidate drew criticism for apparently making fun of a reporter's joint condition.
Fox's Brian Kilmeade Asks Black Co-host If She Makes Kool-Aid Harris Faulkner appeared shocked by the seemingly racially-loaded question.
Burundi Implicates Respected Journalist In Failed Coup Carina Tertsakian, who researches Burundi for Human Rights Watch, said Kaburahe is a respected journalist and the allegations against him are \absurd.\
Google\u2019s Answer To Facebook Instant Articles Gets (Tentative) Launch Date, Ad Partners Accelerated Mobile Pages, Google\u2019s initiative for mobile news publishing and its open source riposte to similar efforts from
Newsrooms Make Varying Calls About Airing McDonald Shooting Video Newsrooms across Chicago and the country made varying decisions about airing the recently released Laquan McDonald shooting
Reporter Who Forced Release of Laquan McDonald Video Is Barred From News Event The freelance journalist whose lawsuit forced the Chicago Police Department to release video of a fatal police shooting of
HLN Network Boss Out After 2 Years Veteran CNN executive Ken Jautz will be the interim chief at HLN.
Politico's Mike Allen Promised 'No Surprises' Coverage Of Chelsea Clinton But as newly released emails between the veteran reporter and a former State Department official show, Allen\u2019s coveted access
Trump Campaign Restricts Reporters Covering What Happens Off Stage Rules come amid increasing tensions, and even violence, at rallies.
NBC Agrees To Give Time To 4 Republican Candidates The candidates will get the time on each of the 18 NBC stations in those three states, where early GOP nominating caucuses or primaries are being held.
Vatican Puts 2 Journalists On Trial For Reporting On Leaks With hours to go before the start of trial, neither they nor their lawyers had seen the court file detailing the accusations against them.
Research Shows Women Far From Equality With Men In The Media UN Women Executive Director Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka called the research \a wake-up call to media houses and newsrooms.\
Here's One Way To Solve Media's Diversity Problem It's called 'Writers of Color.'
CNN's Van Jones Slams Donald Trump For 'Deliberately Stoking Fear' About Muslims Other Republican candidates are distancing themselves from Trump's latest comments.
NPR Is Graying, And Public Radio Is Worried About It As NPR came of age in the 1980s, its audience matured with it. Three decades later, that is starting to look like a problem
Daily News Chief The Daily News has no plans to reduce the frequency of its print edition, according to a top executive at the tabloid. \The
TV Networks Unite To Fight Trump\u2019s Restriction On Journalists\u2019 Access Network TV news representatives will confer Monday to hash out demands about access to Donald Trump\u2019s presidential campaign
CNN Guest Americans, he added, shouldn't care about seeing non-American civilians killed.
Here's Why It Seems Like Donald Trump Never Tells The Truth A fact checker finds 74 percent of his biggest claims are false, and none are entirely true.
Iranian Court Sentences Washington Post Reporter To Prison DUBAI, Nov 22 (Reuters) - An Iranian court has sentenced Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, the state
Paris And Beirut These two charts strongly indicate that there is disproportionate media coverage on the Paris vs. Beirut incidents. In fact
John Heilemann and Mark Halperin Ponder Game-Changing Deal With MSNBC One of NBC News chairman Andy Lack\u2019s biggest priorities has been the makeover of MSNBC. Since taking the helm earlier this
Politico Hires Brad Dayspring, Veteran G.O.P. Operative, as Spokesman Politico is expanding at an aggressive pace, with new outlets opening from Brussels to New Jersey. And now they\u2019re hiring
New York Times Uses Virtual Reality To Show Parisians' Resilience \As a reporting tool, virtual reality is still in its infancy; its power to create empathy is just beginning to be understood.\
CNN Reporter Suspended After Making Twitter Observation Over GOP Bill \My tweet was inappropriate and disrespectful. I sincerely apologize.\
Trump Campaign Bars BuzzFeed Reporter From Iowa Event The move comes one day after Trump's campaign manager threatened to \blacklist\ a CNN reporter.
NBC Executive Calls Undocumented Immigrants \Illegals\ In Meeting With Latino Lawmakers Deborah Turness used the term, which many consider a racial slur, during a discussion about diversity at her network.
Journalists, Activists Face Controversial Trial In Morocco They faced up to five years in prison for running a foreign-funded smartphone app training program on citizenjournalism, Amnesty International said.
International NY Times To End Print Edition In Thailand It was confirmed Thursday in an email from Charlotte Gordon, its vice president for international marketing.
Cond\u00e9 Nast Halts Publication Of Details Magazine An estimated 80 percent of Details' staff will be laid off.
Don't Call Terrorists 'Masterminds,' MSNBC Host Says It's exactly what they would want.
James Murdoch Says Digital Advertising Needs An Overhaul Marketers need to learn to integrate their messages seamlessly into the user experience, the 21st Century Fox CEO said.
Decades Of Hosts Return For 'GMA' Anniversary A long line of former news anchors, weather forecasters and medical reporters all joined in the party, sitting in director's chairs on the set.
Ben Stein Wonders If Obama Hates America Because 'He's Part Black' \He has a real strong hatred of America. Is it because he's part black?\
Cond\u00e9 Nast To Shutter Details Magazine The December issue of Details magazine will be its last, making the men\u2019s fashion title the latest casualty of the declining
GQ Publisher In Contempt Of Court With Phone-Hacking Article The publisher of GQ magazine has been found guilty of contempt of court over a \u201cvery seriously prejudicial\u201d article about
Mom Of Journalist Killed By IS \I am told our strict adherence to this policy saves lives by decreasing the rate of capture of Americans, but no one has been able to show me the research behind our hostage policy,\ she said.
The Guardian Thinks Customized Ads Can Stem Ad Blocking As ad blocking in the U.K. continues to gain traction,\u00a0The Guardian is eyeing how to create more customized ad experiences
GQ Publisher In Contempt Of Court Over UK Hacking Coverage The article, written by Michael Wolff, appeared in April 2014, when the trial of former News of the World editors Rebekah Brooks, Andy Coulson and others had been running for over three months.
BBC Sport And Online News To Be Cut As Red Button Services Face Axe Spending on athletics and minority sports is to be cut by the BBC, with its Red Button services also facing the axe, as the
Gawker Prepares To Get On The Campaign Bus, And Maybe Get Kicked Off The company closes websites and lays off staff as Gawker's focus shifts to politics.
Don Lemon Defends His Unorthodox Reporting Style The \CNN Tonight\ host brings a touch of controversy and conspiracy to the network.
Daily News Compares NRA To Jihadists On Front Page Do they have a point?
Gawker Is Said To Retool As Politics Site Gawker.com, a site that pioneered the knowing and sarcastic tone that has come to define web journalism, will switch from
Iran Detains Cartoonist To Serve Prison Term Earlier this month, Iran detained five Iranian journalists, including two known for their reformist views.
Mika Brzezinski \It\u2019s just not who we are.\u201d
Journalist Snubs Vatican Magistrates Seeking To Question Him In a statement, he accused the Vatican legal system of punishing journalists and criminalizing the publishing of news.
CNN Anchor Blames French Muslims For Failure To Prevent Attacks Yasser Louati is a representative for the Collective Against Islamophobia in France. And in an early Sunday morning interview
SecureDrop Leak Tool Produces a Massive Trove of Prison Docs IT\u2019S BEEN MORE than two years since the debut of SecureDrop, a piece of software designed to help whistleblowers easily and
Bloomberg Gadfly Debuts In Bid To Shake-Up Financial Commentary Space With succinct, newsy commentary about the day's business and financial headlines being churned out by franchises like The
On Gawker\u2019s Problem With Women A former staff writer describes how a media company founded on whistleblowing and radical transparency failed its female employees.
Newsletter Tips To Live By From Lena Dunham's Lenny Letter Editor-in-Chief Jessica Grose talks with HuffPost about engaging readers in their inbox.
News Media Scramble To Cover Paris Attacks The American news media scrambled on Friday evening and early Saturday to cover the deadly attacks in Paris, an event unfolding
The New York Times Fires Two Veteran Editors The newsroom is shaken by the abrupt departures of Kyle Massey and Vanessa Gordon.
Newspapers Around The World Cover Paris Attacks It's a sad day for everyone.
Bangladesh Bloggers Fear Deadly Backlash Won't End Soon Fear is running high following months in which four bloggers and three other people have been killed, allegedly by Islamist radicals.
CBS Hopes Debate Coverage Will Boost Streaming Service Political reporter Major Garrett will host a preview of the debate an hour before it begins on CBSN
CBS News Defends Democratic Debate Moderator After Claim Of 'Coordinating' With Campaigns \This is basic reporting -- period,\ a CBS executive said of moderator John Dickerson's advance work.
Jose Antonio Vargas Blasts Donald Trump For Mass Deportation Plan \A majority of the American public want us to stay.\
Snapchat Signs Another Publisher The Wall Street Journal is going after a new audience. So, apparently, is Snapchat. The Journal will soon be joining Snapchat\u2019s
The Streaming Wars Have Begun It has been a long time coming, but the streaming video wars are underway, with tech giants like Amazon and Netflix on one
Dershowitz Blasts \u2018Superficial\u2019 Diversity On Campus \The last thing many of these students want is real diversity, diversity of ideas.\
Vatican Puts 2 Reporters Under Investigation In Leaks Probe Journalists Gianluigi Nuzzi and Emiliano Fittipaldi wrote two bombshell books detailing the uphill battle Pope Francis is facing in reforming the Vatican bureaucracy.
UN Experts Call On Iran To Stop Arresting Journalists A U.N statement cited the Nov. 2 arrest by intelligence operatives of five journalists allegedly accused of seeking to undermine Iran's government.
Rights Group Says Libyan Journalist Kidnapped In Tripoli Motaz Kraif has worked for Libya al-Ahrar TV, a network formed during the 2011 uprising, and Al-Wasat newspaper, known for its anti-Islamist views.
Mika Brzezinski \It seems as if he might not know anything about what he\u2019s talking about.\
Donald Trump Goes After WSJ 'Dummies' For Criticizing His Debate Performance There's nothing like a ticked-off Trump tweeting.
BOOK WARS Ben Carson isn\u2019t only challenging Donald Trump\u2019s frontrunner status in the Republican presidential primaries \u2014 he\u2019s beating
Dozens More Laid Off At Register Another wave of layoffs has hit the New Haven Register, this time affecting copyeditors and sports staffers, among others
Daily News Threatens Union Drivers New York Daily News owner Mort Zuckerman is doing everything he can to make his paper seem\u00a0more appealing to buyers. His
Drudge Manufactures Ridiculous Controversy About Hillary's Hair Clinton's hair is real and \amazing,\ her hairdresser says.
Trib Total Media To Lay Off 153 In Sweeping Restructuring Trib Total Media will cut 14 percent of its workforce, consolidate its largest daily newspapers, close a printing plant in
Fox Business Network GOP Debate Draws Record 13.5 Million Viewers The debate also set a record online, where 1.4 million people tuned in.
Defeated By Social Media, CNN Overhauls iReport Big platforms\u2019 media dominance is forcing traditional publishers to change many parts of how they do business \u2014 including
The Inside Story Of Business Insider's $442 Million Sale To Axel Springer In 2009, in the middle of the financial crisis, Business Insider was running low on cash. Over the prior year, the stock
Kenyan Newspaper Editor Questioned, Released Over Source John Ngirachu was released after making a statement to the police, the Daily Nation newspaper said.
Bill O'Reilly Weighs In On Starbucks Controversy \This kind of stuff diminishes the real problem.\
Univision, The Atlantic To Launch Spanish-Language CityLab Latino The site is slated to launch on Univision.com in early 2016.
George Will Trashes Bill O'Reilly Were the lungs the seat of wisdom, Fox News host Bill O\u2019Reilly would be wise, but they are not and he is not. So it is not
Trevor Noah Takes On Ben Carson's Media Bias Claims \Challenge accepted, Dr. Carson.\
Egyptian Journalist Faces Accusations By Military Bahgat returned to journalism and has recently published a series of investigative journalism reports on Mada Masr.
Fraternity Files $25M Defamation Suit Against Rolling Stone The Phi Kappa Psi chapter at the University of Virginia filed the complaint Monday in Charlottesville Circuit Court
Politico Europe Announces Expansion Plans For 2016 POLITICO Europe this morning announced plans to double in size in 2016, starting with two significant hires. Francesco Guerrera
Hispanic Foundation Leader Blasts NBC For Trump 'SNL' Appearance \u201cI mean, it's really about choosing ratings over respecting a community.\
Jeff Zucker's Response To Bernie Sanders As CNN President Is Perfect CNN President Jeff Zucker is feeling the Bern. During a Democratic presidential forum on Friday, Rachel Maddow served Bernie
Donald Trump Helps 'SNL' To Biggest Ratings Since 2012 Though given the show's slumping ratings, that's not saying a lot.
Tom Wolfe Fifty years later, Wolfe now features in an invaluable online video resource on McLuhan that has, also this month, become widely available to scholars and public alike. It's The 'Marshall McLuhan Speaks' Special Collection, created by producers Stephanie McLuhan and Sandy Pearl, in collaboration with the Open Education Consortium.
iPhone News So where is all that video?  2.5 million cameras shooting 24 hours a day -- video that is unquestionably honest, first person, as it happens, on the spot, from the source storytelling.  Of all those millions of hours of video, how much of it have you seen on TV news?
Donald Trump Says He Rejected 'SNL' Skits That Were 'Too Risqu\u00e9' The candidate told Bill O\u2019Reilly he had to keep his poll numbers in mind.
Ben Carson Bizarrely Attacks CNN Host In Hostile Interview The network's Alisyn Camerota later said she was \stunned\ by the candidate's hostility.
Newspaper Guild Offers To Buy Philadelphia Daily News To Avoid Layoffs Lawyers representing the Newspaper Guild of Greater Philadelphia on Thursday expressed interest in buying the Philadelphia
Shep Smith The Fox News anchor criticized attempts to blame activists for Charles Gliniewicz's death.
Ben Carson Bristles At The Media Vetting His Stories Of Youth Violence The candidate's past gets more closely scrutinized as he rises to the top of the Republican field.
Carly Fiorina Spars With Hosts Of 'The View' Over Comments About Her Looks A co-host of the show described Fiorina's facial expression as \demented\ last week.
New York Times Touts Virtual Reality As History-Making Journalistic Innovation A million subscribers soon get the chance to see what all the hype's about.
Live From New York Not everyone finds SNL's choice to have Trump host to be funny, but if Latino activists can mobilize voters, they'll get the last laugh.
Tribune Publishing To Switch To Metered Digital Pay Model Tribune Publishing, owner of newspapers including The Los Angeles Times, The Chicago Tribune and The Baltimore Sun, will
Facebook To Launch News App With CNN, Mashable, CBS, Washington Post As Partners Facebook will unveil a news notifications app dubbed \u201cNotify\u201d next week in partnership with some high-profile media brands
Iranian President Criticizes Recent Arrests Of Journalists Rouhani said hard-liners \misuse\ remarks by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on the possible spread of U.S. influence in Iran as an excuse for the detentions.
Union Leader More than half of Philly.com\u2019s editorial staff and 25 percent of Daily News editorial staffers were among the 46 people laid
Don't Worry, The Associated Press Knows Who Martin O'Malley Is A photo caption describing the former Maryland governor as \unidentified man\ is just a bit of trolling.
'The View' Slams Ben Carson \u201cIf you're gonna be president, man, you at least gotta do the history.\u201d
T.J. Simers Wins $7.1 Million Judgment Against The Los Angeles Times Former Los Angeles Times sports columnist T.J. Simers won $7.1 million in an age and disability discrimination suit against
Myanmar's Fledgling Journalists Gird For Historic Election Censorship was lifted in 2012, a year after a military junta gave way to a nominally elected government.
Shaun King Has Twitter Account Suspended After CNN Email Exchange The Black Lives Matter activist tweeted out a screenshot of his correspondence with a CNN producer that included her contact information.
Boston Globe Owner Set To Start Health News Website John Henry, the billionaire owner of The Boston Globe, formally unveils a new publication on Wednesday dedicated to coverage
Donald Trump Takes A Jab At Megyn Kelly -- Again Sigh.
Trevor Noah \u201cWhat happened at that CNBC debate that transformed this crew from 'The Expendables' to the cast of 'Scooby-Doo\u2019?\
Megyn Kelly Pushes Ted Cruz On Debate Demand The Texas senator suggested over the weekend that only journalists who voted in a Republican primary should moderate GOP primary debates.
95 Percent Of GOP Ad Dollars Comes From Outside Groups A whopping 95 percent of the TV ad spending in the Republican presidential race has come from outside groups and Super PACs
'Daily Show' Host Trevor Noah Undergoes Emergency Appendectomy The South African comedian is reportedly recovering well.
Policy Journalism Is Thriving - But You'll Probably Never Read It Thanks to a booming trade press, lobbyists and other insiders know what\u2019s happening in government. The rest of the country
Anderson Cooper Calls Out Trump For Changing His Mind About Dem Debate Questions Trump went from a positive review to saying Cooper had a \softball\ approach.
Vice Media Rides Lofty Expectations In the current crop of new-media companies touting their ability to attract young audiences, perhaps none has generated as
Will Erdogan Allow Greater press Freedom In Turkey? Don't Count On It Recep Tayyip Erdo\u011fan\u2019s surprise election victory does not augur well for journalism in Turkey. A president who has shown
Megyn Kelly Brushes Off GOP Candidates' List Of Debate Demands Perhaps they'd also like massages, she suggested.
Vice Is Getting Its Own 24-Hour Cable Channel CEO Shane Smith says it's \the first step in our global roll-out of networks around the world.\
Bill O'Reilly \u201cFreedom of speech in this country is under attack, [and] it's under attack primarily from the left.\u201d
ABC's Lara Spencer Posts Photo Hugging Donald Trump \Let's clear this up - I'm standing next to Donald Trump.\
Why Grantland Mattered To Journalism ESPN shut down Grantland, its boutique sports and pop culture site, on Friday.\u00a0That's not terribly surprising, given that
Henry Blodget\u2019s Big Plans For Business Insider Henry Blodget spent the past eight years transforming Business Insider from a scrappy three-man show into a new-media heavyweight
NYT Forms Committee To Name Successor To Publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. A decision should be made within the next two years.
Republican Debate Demands Threaten Networks' Editorial Control Requests include barring reaction shots of the audience and ending \lighting rounds.\
CNN's Mike Rowe Slams Melissa Harris-Perry For 'Hard Worker' Comment Rowe is the latest to pile on to the MSNBC host for her remarks.
NPR Acknowledges Plagiarism In 10 Music Stories Stories about classical music that appeared on NPR's website have been found to include portions of others' work, according
Turkish Media Denounce 'Biggest Crackdown On Press In Republic\u2019s History' Turkish media are coming under what local journalists have described as one of the worst crackdowns in the republic\u2019s history
'Shell-Shocked' CNBC Staffers Had Long Flight Home For the CNBC employees who boarded a charter plane right after Wednesday's bruising GOP debate, the redeye flight was physically
Conflict Of Interest In T Magazine\u2019s Tech Article A recent article in T, the style magazine of The Times, celebrated entrepreneurs \u201charnessing goodness through technology
Anderson Cooper Calls CNBC Debate 'Poorly Produced' The network made it easy for the GOP to claim the media is biased, he said.
ESPN Is Shutting Down Grantland, 'Effective Immediately' The news comes months after the departure of founder Bill Simmons.
Report For the CNBC employees who boarded a charter plane right after Wednesday's bruising GOP debate, the redeye flight was physically
National Review Writer Jonah Goldberg's column points out that Obama's mother was white and he was partly raised by white grandparents.
NYT Boasts Profit Growth Despite Quarterly Decline In Digital Ad Revenue \We remain bullish about our digital advertising business and expect it to return to growth in the fourth quarter.\
Police Use Terror Powers To Seize BBC Newsnight Journalist's Laptop Police have used powers under the Terrorism Act to seize the laptop of a young Newsnight journalist in a case that has shocked
At Republican Debate,\u00a0Fantasy Sports Got More Attention Than Wall Street Rather, the thin-to-nonexistent discussion of financial regulation was indicative of something that has hung over the race
CNBC Debate Rakes In 14 Million Viewers Despite Widespread Criticism The event nonetheless fell far short of the debate audiences Fox News or CNN pulled in.
New York Times' Eric Lichtblau Returns To Justice Department Beat After Subpoena Threat Wanes NSA leak investigation stretched from Bush years into Obama administration.
Rachel Maddow To Moderate Live Democratic Presidential Forum On MSNBC The forum will feature separate conversations with each candidate, rather than a group debate.
Keith Hernandez Named President of Slate Keith Hernandez has been appointed to the newly created position of president at Slate, the company announced today. Hernandez
Florida Newspaper Blasts Marco Rubio \Either do your job, Sen. Rubio, or resign it.\
BuzzFeed's Keith Hernandez Heads To Slate BuzzFeed executive Keith Hernandez on Wednesday was named to the newly created position of president of online publisher
Gawker Has A New Editor-In-Chief Months following upheaval at the news site, it has a new leader.
Fox News Beats CNN In October Ratings, Despite Democratic Debate Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC have held their longstanding positions.
Glenn Beck Says Classroom Cop Video 'Absolute Ticket To Anarchy\u2019 \ud83d\ude11
About That American Idea Some home news\u2014we sent the following email to our colleagues at The Atlantictoday, and thought we should share it with you
Fox Panelist On Police Brutality That's seriously your analysis?
Fox Host \Reduce our carbon hoofprint, as they say,\ Greg Gutfeld added.
Shuttering Of City Room Reflects Larger Evolution At The Times \u201cThe Times's digital operation is now the heart of the business, not a kind of appendage as it was in 2007.\u201d
New York Times Editorial Some politicians \want to soft-pedal or even ignore police misconduct.\
Charlie Hebdo\u2019s Recovery From Attacks Opens New Wounds For Staff PARIS \u2014 Days after two gunmen burst into the offices of the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo on Jan. 7, slaughtering
CBS News Partners With Twitter For Second Democratic Debate This is the first time Twitter will officially be involved in a debate.
Breitbart To Launch Daily SiriusXM Show Breitbart, the conservative firebrand news site, is getting its own daily morning drive-time radio show on SiriusXM. The
CBS News, Twitter Partner For Second Democratic Debate CBS News and Twitter announced on Monday they are teaming up for the second Democratic debate on Nov. 14. Twitter will provide
Joe Biden Dismisses Reports Of Supposed \u2018Hollywood Moment\u2019 With Dying Son \u201cNothing like that ever, ever happened.\u201d
Bin Laden Expert Last week the New York Times Magazine ran a cover story headlined, \What Do We Really Know about Osama bin Laden's Death
Chuck Todd Grills Ben Carson About His Love Of Nazi Metaphors Carson then blames the media for turning his comments \into a big, horrible thing.\
CNN's Brian Stelter On Why Fox Cut Away From Benghazi Hearing \If Clinton had been on the ropes, if she had been struggling, Fox probably would have continued to show the hearing.\
Benghazi Blues 
A Solo Bill Simmons Nets 4 million Podcast Downloads In Less Than A Month Bill Simmons\u2019 podcast may no longer have the promotional muscle of ESPN behind it, but that doesn\u2019t mean Simmons is struggling
FBI Doesn't Allow Huffington Post Reporter Into Director's Talk Other journalists were permitted to cover it.
Rachel Maddow Blasts Benghazi Committee As A 'Hilarious Partisan Joke' \u201cWe have never had a congressional partisan carnival like this over an attack on a U.S. outpost overseas -- never.\
Rachel Maddow \u201cI hope this whole saga can be a cautionary tale.\u201d
The Nation's Joan Walsh Tears Into Mansplaining GOP Strategist \u201cHe\u2019s getting so much praise for what a woman could absolutely never ask for.\
ESPN Begins Big Layoffs Amid Earnings Shortfall About 300 employees will eventually be let go.
John Cook Becomes Gawker's Permanent Executive Editor John Cook, a longtime Gawker editor, will become the executive editor of Gawker Media, the portfolio of websites that was
THE NEW MURDOCHS The brothers, who took over the 21st Century Fox empire July 1, sit down together and open up about who's in charge, sister
Joe Biden's Decision Not To Run Followed Rampant Media Speculation That He Would Where are all those Biden \friends,\ \advisers,\ and \sources\ now?
Bill Kristol Is The Wrongest Person In The World Right Now Oh, Bill Kristol. You were wrong about the Iraq War, you were wrong about President Barack Obama losing to Hillary Clinton
The Drama Continues At Grantland As staffers exit the ESPN site, a clearer picture of life there before and after the departure of Bill Simmons is emerging
CNN Launches Millennial-Focused Video Site, Great Big Story In a play for advertisers enamored with the sexiness of a BuzzFeed or Vice, CNN on Tuesday is unveiling a platform called
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Evening Front Page Editor Location:\u00a0San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York or Sydney Position Type
NYT Launches Virtual Reality Project With Google \In the context of international reporting and conflict reporting ... this has huge potential.\
Washington Post Managing Editor Kevin Merida Joins ESPN A widely admired manager takes the helm of a still-unlaunched sports and race site plagued by dysfunction.
Time Buys Hello Giggles For $20 Million Seeking to broaden its appeal to younger women, Time Inc. has snapped up Hello Giggles Inc., operator of the pop-culture
Journalists Urge Republicans Not To Charge For Workspaces At 2016 Convention \We are concerned that the proposed fee smacks of forcing the press to pay for news gathering.\
WaPo Managing Editor Kevin Merida To Leave For ESPN Executive Editor Martin Baron sent the following announcement to staff
Former BBC Journalist Mysteriously Found Dead At Istanbul Airport Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said Jacqueline Sutton took her own life inside a washroom at the airport after missing her connecting flight.
Ad-Blocking Has Online Ad Industry On The Run They're scrambling to stop the loss of revenue that supports online content.
Meltdown At Grantland In the five short months since ESPN president John Skipper bounced Grantland founder and boss Bill Simmons out of ESPN, many
After $1 Billion In Losses Over 33 Years, Washington Times Reaches Profitability Some said it could never be done. Ever. But it\u2019s done. The Washington Times announced Wednesday it achieved in September
Karl Rove Calls Bernie Sanders 'An Elderly Dyspeptic Bilbo Baggins' Rude.
BuzzFeed Names Daisuke Furuta Founding Editor Of Its Japan Edition The company has partnered with Yahoo Japan for the venture.
Guardian Cuts Staff After 'Difficult' Year The Guardian is preparing for steep editorial cuts after a slowdown in advertising sales. Job losses are highly\u00a0likely, insiders
NYT Can't Find Minorities To Comment On Politics, Asks Them To Write In Too often, the media's lack of diversity is blamed on minorities themselves.
CNBC Caves To Trump, Agrees To Limit GOP Debate To 2 Hours This actually might not be a bad thing.
ABC News Medical Reporter Dies In Hawaii Accident HONOLULU (AP) - Jamie Zimmerman, a doctor and reporter with ABC News' medical unit, has drowned while on vacation in Hawaii
TheWrap Sparks Change To California Law Protecting Digital Media Thanks to a legal case involving TheWrap, Jerry Brown has approved an amendment expanding protections for all online publications
Donald Trump And Ben Carson Threaten To Skip Next Republican Debate CNBC says it still hasn't finalized its plans.
Columbia Journalism Review Isn't Going Anywhere, Editor Vows CJR's chief talks about its digital shift and new membership model.
Fox News Panel Gets Testy Over Whether Black Lives Matter Is Negatively Affecting Policing \To blame the Black Lives Matter movement for why you\u2019re not doing your freaking job, you robocops, is disgusting.\
Rush Limbaugh Dismisses Climate Warnings As 'Apocalyptic Doom' \I mean, you can make some cases, examples that some warming would actually be good for a lot of things and people.\
New Whistleblower Is Behind Latest Revelations About U.S. Drone Program Jeremy Scahill says the source believes the public has a right to know how the U.S. government decides to assassinate people.
Columbia Journalism Review Cuts Print Back To Twice Yearly In an effort\u00a0to better align our resources with our mission, we have decided to significantly boost our investment inColumbia
Jorge Ramos to DNC Chair \I didn't see a Latino or an African-American or Asian on that stage.\
Vice Hires Former Bloomberg Executive Josh Tyrangiel He will lead the organization's daily newscast on HBO.
Mark Halperin \He treated this like something he had done before.\
Joy Behar Confesses To Being 'Aroused' By Bernie Sanders \I find him to be eye candy -- not ear candy, eye candy.\
Netflix May Expand Into News Will likely \compete directly with Vice,\ exec says.
Cond\u00e9 Nast Buys Pitchfork Media Cond\u00e9 Nast, the publisher that owns magazines like Vogue and Vanity Fair, said on Tuesday that it had acquired Pitchfork
WNYC To Raise $15 Million For New Podcast Division WNYC, the public radio powerhouse in New York, is about to grow even bigger through a new division that will develop programs
Washington Post Reporter Convicted In Iran Angry And Depressed, Brother Says \We are back in a different waiting pattern.\
Cond\u00e9 Nast Acquires Music Site Pitchfork \u201cAs much as we\u2019ve created a sustainable company for ourselves, we were maxing out in every area.\u201d
Meet The Guy Who Just Bought The 'Village Voice' If you're The Village Voice, a legendary newspaper that has fallen on hard times, you could do worse than to be sold to a
CNN Debate Moderator Anderson Cooper Dismisses Story Suggesting Clinton Ties \u201cWith all due respect to the Weekly Standard, this is total bunk\u201d
Morocco Cracks Down On Journalists As he sits in a jail cell with seven other inmates, Hicham Mansouri, an investigative journalist, worries about his colleagues
Four Leave ESPN's Grantland To Join Bill Simmons On the third episode of Bill Simmons\u2019s podcast, Simmons had former Grantland movie critic Wesley Morris on. They talked about
McClatchy Closing Foreign Bureaus Amid Reorganization In Washington The newspaper chain is shifting its focus to regional and political news.
Ann Coulter Says Trump Got 'That Spicy Stuff On Mexican Rapists' From Her And if he doesn't win, she'll start writing cookbooks.
Court In Iran Convicts Iranian-American Journalist Jason Rezaian DUBAI/WASHINGTON, Oct 11 (Reuters) - A court in Iran has convicted Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, Iran's ISNA news
TNR Newly declassified documents released by the Obama administration confirm the long-held suspicion that in 1976 the Chilean
Rachel Maddow Hilariously Explains Possible Outcomes Of House Speaker Debacle Here's a list of four things Maddow believes could happen next.
The Fox News 'War On Christmas' Panic Is Already Starting It's that time of year again.
How San Francisco Is Taking On HIV, And Succeeding San Fran has become a national leader at fighting the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
Gannett Will Buy Journal Media Group For $280 Million Gannett, the publishing company that owns USA TODAY and media businesses in 92 local markets, said late Wednesday that it
Rupert Murdoch Says Ben Carson Would Be A 'Real Black President' \Ruh-Roh, Rupert\
Megyn Kelly Says She'd Have Donald Trump Back On Her Show \We just wanted to forge forward and try to put it behind us.\
Chris Matthews Tears Into Ben Carson Over Oregon Shooting Comments \It's pathetic.\
Massachusetts Police Chief Is Waging A One-Man War Against Heroin Leonard Campanello is at the heart of a \tipping point\ in law enforcement's approach to the opioid epidemic.
New York Times Pledges To Double Digital Revenue To $800 Million By 2020 The New York Times Company released a strategy memo to its staff on Wednesday outlining an ambitious plan to double digital
News Organizations Caught In Biden Limbo Along With Biden The vice president's delay has fueled more intense media attention than he's gotten during seven years in office.
Huffington Post Employees In Talks To Unionize HuffPost would be the largest digital media outlet to organize.
Anderson Cooper Prepares For First Democratic Debate -- With Or Without Joe Biden The CNN host and debate moderator says fireworks are possible, but it's not his job \to try and force anything.\u201d
People Magazine Made It Easy To Tell Congress How You Feel About Gun Control \Let\u2019s hold our representatives\u2019 feet to the fire and hear what they\u2019re trying to do about this.\
Donald Trump Has Spent Years Trying To Prove He's Not A 'Short-Fingered Vulgarian' More than a quarter of a century later, he's clearly still upset.
Al Jazeera America Digital Journalists Vote To Unionize Another media company joins the wave of labor organizing.
How California's Hmong Farmers Are Surviving The Drought In Fresno County, Hmong farmers' resilience is being tested.
Rachel Maddow \She could conceivably move American policy on this issue right now, even before she is nominated, let alone elected,\ Maddow said.
Donald Trump\u2019s Anti-Iraq War Claims Still Go Unchallenged In Interviews The presidential hopeful hasn't offered evidence he publicly opposed the invasion.
Buyouts Start At Tribune Company, Including LA Times Tribune Publishing is implementing employee buyouts as it seeks to cut costs amid declining revenues, the company announced
Cond\u00e9 Nast Nabs The Guardian's Wolfgang Blau Blau will be responsible for the digital growth of a variety of the publisher's magazines, such as Vanity Fair and Wired.
Sun Times CEO Tim Knight Leaves For Cleveland Timothy P. Knight, an experienced publishing executive with extensive digital experience, who has held leadership positions
RedState Names Leon Wolf Managing Editor As Erick Erickson Prepares Exit The influential conservative writer will focus more on his radio career.
CNN's Anderson Cooper Explores What It's Like To Be A U.S. Teen His TV special analyzes the social media posts of hundreds of 8th graders.
Michael Bloomberg States Support For Bloomberg Politics After Report He's Soured On Star Journalists \It\u2019s an important part of our TV line-up and our strategy.\
Media Need To Change How They Cover Mass Shootings Another day, another mass shooting in America, and another round of endless news coverage speculating on the killers\u2019 background
Fox News' Geraldo Rivera He called out the gun lobby that \allows armed maniacal lunatics to roam free and kill.\
New York Times Briefly Removed Oregon Shooting Report Taken From Local Paper The lack of credit was unintentional, a spokeswoman says.
Philadelphia City Paper To Cease Print Publication City Paper, Philadelphia\u2019s feisty alternative weekly newspaper, will cease its print publication as of Oct. 8. News of the
Bloomberg Businessweek Editor-In-Chief Josh Tyrangiel Resigns The magazine's deputy editor, Ellen Pollock, will take the reins.
Watch Don Lemon Ask Donald Trump If He's Homophobic And Racist \I think that I'm a very nice person,\ Trump said. \I love people.\
Vatican Watcher Scooped National Media On Pope Francis Meeting Kim Davis \There was no desire on the part of the Vatican to cause her to be part of a media circus.\
Fox News And CNN Win Cable Network Ratings Wars In Third Quarter But the rising tide of election season is lifting all boats.
CNBC Preserves 'Undercard' Debate For Next Month's Republican Event Candidates must average 3 percent in the polls to take part in the main event.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring News Editors Location
Al Jazeera America Won't Recognize Employee Union After several weeks, the management at Al Jazeera America (AJAM) has decided not to recognize the union drive announced by
Lawrence O'Donnell Mocks Donald Trump's Return To Fox The candidate turned his back on the network for less than a week.
Axel Springer To Buy Business Insider For $343 Million The site has 76 million unique monthly visitors.
NYT On a Tuesday morning earlier this month, Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County, Ariz., waited near a side entrance of the
Boston Teachers Visit Students' Countries Of Origin To Bridge Cultural Divide With students from more than 100 different countries, Boston is one of the nation's most diverse districts.
The End Of Tabloid Newspapers? When it was over and the feature page was gone, dozens of reporters had been fired and the morning assignment editor was
Ben Carson's Interview With CNN's Jake Tapper Cut Short By Campaign Manager Tapper grilled the presidential candidate about comments he has made about Muslim Americans.
Debbie Robins de La Bouillerie, Best Selling Author, Executive Leader, Film and Television Producer Died on August 31st at the Age of 58. Debbie Robins de La Bouillerie was a highly respected executive and culture expert with deep roots in the entertainment industry.
Senator Mark Kirk's Campaign Pre-Emptively Bashes Chicago Tribune Ahead Of Negative Story Newspaper stands by reporter the campaign calls \biased.\
Donald Trump Suggests His Social Media Megaphone Is Better Than Owning The New York Times \u201cWith one tweet, 140 characters, you can knock somebody out.\u201d
Lawrence O'Donnell Tears Into Donald Trump He said voters should be concerned about having a president who is unable to distinguish \fact from fantasy.\
Donald Trump And Roger Ailes Will Meet To Hash Out Differences A network spokesperson said Thursday that Trump and Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes \spoke this morning and plan to have a
Donald Trump Vows To Boycott Fox News, Reigniting Feud With The Network His angry tweet came shortly after Fox News canceled an upcoming appearance.
Al Jazeera To Cut Hundreds Of Jobs, But Al Jazeera America Will Be Spared Al-Jazeera is expected to cut hundreds of jobs worldwide as the Qatari-owned broadcaster looks to make savings in the face
Chicago Station Uses Nazi Yellow Star For Yom Kippur Segment Yikes.
Scott Pelley Rebukes Donald Trump For Letting Bigoted Comment Slide \You let that pass,\ the CBS anchor told Trump. \And I wonder what that tells us about you.\
Joan Walsh Leaves Salon For The Nation Magazine After 17 years at the pioneering liberal website, she joins the country's oldest weekly magazine.
Report German publishing giant Axel Springer is closing in on a deal to buy Business Insider, in a deal that would value the Web
Brian Williams TV Return Set For 3 P.M. ET Tuesday Tune in to MSNBC at 3 PM ET/noon PT Tuesday to see Brian Williams make his near miraculous return to NBC News, anchoring
Philadelphia News Startup Looks For Ideas City Should 'Steal' The Philadelphia Citizen is pushing for a break from \business-as-usual.\
Chris Wallace Stands Up To Donald Trump, Won't Let Him Phone In Going off script with the \Fox News Sunday\ host.
Joe Scarborough Tells GOP To 'Have Balls' And Stand Up To Ben Carson \Stop withering in the corner or you're going to end up like Scott Walker.\
Vice Went To Prison With Obama. Now It's Going Deep Into Inmate Issues. \It was too good an opportunity not to throw the kitchen sink at it.\
LA Times Braces For Cuts After Publisher Laid Off In January, Jack Griffin, the chief executive of Tribune Publishing Company, took his senior management team to visit The
The Media Are Finally Starting To Get Sick Of Donald Trump Pundits aren't sounding too thrilled lately about the former reality TV star's presidential run.
How California Is Helping Low-Income Students Succeed In College The New York Times
Fox News Host Says Ahmed Mohamed 'Did A Really Dumb Thing' By Bringing Clock To School Andrea Tantaros also criticized President Barack Obama for supporting the Muslim teen.
Joe Scarborough Thinks His Show Has A Great Campaign Strategy For Hillary Clinton \The Clinton campaign watches 'Morning Joe' every morning.\
Times-Picayune Cuts 21% Of Editorial Staff NOLA\u00a0Media Group announced today that it is restructuring its news operation to reinforce its core journalistic mission. The
Florida Paper Pushes For Bike Safety With Aggressive Reporting \You don\u2019t have to be a reporter divorced from humanity.\
Donald Trump Responds To Question From A Birther By Demonstrating That He Is Still A Birther A man asked him \when can we get rid of\ Muslims?
Should We Stop Blaming The Media For Trump? Nope. Yesterday, my Post colleague Chris Cillizza\u00a0asked, \u201cCan we please stop blaming the media for Donald Trump?\u201d His view is that
Media Matters Founder Warns Jeb Bush's Descent Could Crush GOP \If he doesn't stand up, stand out and have a strong performance, I don't know what the Republican establishment does.\
DNC Chair Defends Debate Schedule As GOP Contests Grab Attention \u201cI want the American people get as much of a look at these Republican candidates in these debates as possible.\u201d
With 22.6 Million Viewers, CNN Debate Tops Network's Record -- But Doesn't Beat Fox News The network also saw an impressive number of people streaming the debate online.
Here Are The Best Pundit Reactions To The Second GOP Debate Elsewhere in the Fox orbit, Megyn Kelly slammed debate moderator Hugh Hewitt for fawning over Donald Trump, calling his behavior
Photographer On A Quest To Capture Native Americans' Diversity Matika Wilbur hopes her photos will help foster more accurate representations of American Indians in curricula and the media.
CNN President Says Wall-To-Wall Debate Coverage Fits 'All-In' Strategy \It happened to be on CNN, but it was the big story of the week.\
NBC Moving Talent To MSNBC In Effort To Boost Low Ratings Many of the changes are an effort to bolster the network's breaking news coverage.
Has Stephen Colbert Gone Soft? It was a no-brainer that Stephen Colbert as The Late Show host would be less politically edgy or hard hitting than he was
Journalists Flock To CNN Debate They Could Better Watch From Home Hundreds of political reporters work from a tent.
WSJ Analysis Shows CNN Far Outpaces Rivals On Trump Covergae Cable news can\u2019t get enough of Donald Trump. Since announcing his run for president in June, the real-estate developer and
Layoffs Begin At NY Daily News The Daily News began another round of cuts on Wednesday morning, marking the latest in a series of downsizings that have
CNN, NYT Asked To Drop 'Illegal Immigrant' Ahead Of Debate While the Times has evolved in its use of the term, CNN declined to say whether it would recommend its on-air talent not use it.
Is There Too Much TV? When John Landgraf says something, TV reporters listen. The president of FX Networks has become a kind of guru of what's
CNN Gears Up For GOP Debate Night And The Big Ratings (They Hope) Come With It \We want them to be disagreeing with each other. This is a real dogfight.\
How Regular People Are Helping Refugees In One Of Western Europe's Largest Camps An estimated 5,000 refugees are living in a camp in Calais, France.
Report Daily News staffers are bracing for another round of cuts this week as owner Mort Zuckerman tries to stanch the flow of red
NYT Food Writer Mark Bittman Bids Readers Farewell THIS is my last regular opinion column on food for The Times. I\u2019m leaving to take a central role in a year-old food company
Cond\u00e9 Nast Names New CEO, Bob Sauerberg, To Start Next Year He'll continue to focus on expanding the company's digital presence.
Cond\u00e9 Nast Names New CEO, Bob Sauerberg, To Start Next Year He'll continue to focus on expanding the company's digital presence.
CNN Defends Its Donald Trump Coverage As GOP Debate Nears He's accessible, the network says. And he's the front-runner.
Donald Trump Given Trump's consistently obnoxious behavior, it's disappointing that more than a handful of U.S. citizens would even want to have a beer with the guy. The fact that he still leads in the Republican polls (by a large margin) is truly frightening.
(VIDEO) WPP's BuzzFeed Residency Driven By Data What does the flow of attention across social platforms and news article look like when it is actually happening? That's what WPP's advertising clients may get to find out, thanks to the ad holding group's new partnership with BuzzFeed.
Rachel Maddow Tears Into CNN Debate Format The network raised the arbitrary limit on debate participants from 10 to 11.
'Next To Die' Project Aims To Make It Easier To Track Executions The goal is to improve media coverage around capital punishment.
How Politico Got The Scoop On The Biden-Colbert Interview A reporter bucking press corps convention forced the White House to lift the news embargo early.
NY Daily News' Colin Myler To Depart; Jim Rich To Take Over The paper's editor-in-chief is leaving to spend more time with family in his native London.
Report Johanna Maska, the former Obama White House aide who joined The Los Angeles Times just over four months ago, is leaving the
NYT Public Editor For The Times, Bernie Sanders\u2019s entry into the presidential race was almost a nonevent. Although many candidates\u2019 declarations
How New York Created A 'Blueprint' For The World To Beat Mother-To-Baby HIV Transmission The Conversation
Trump Urges CNN To Give Debate Profits To Veterans Groups The real estate mogul also took the opportunity to brag about his ratings prowess.
Colbert's Trump Binge Is A Brilliant Piece Of Media Criticism \u201cWell, maybe just one more.\u201d
Mika Brzezinski Doesn\u2019t Want A Smart Apple TV \I want a cord attached to my TV so it works.\
Report Tribune Publishing will announce Tuesday the termination of highly regarded L.A. Times publisher Austin Beutner. Beutner\u2019s
Golin CEO Fred Cook To Head USC's Center For Strategic Public Relations Cook is the first active CEO to head the center.
Austin Beutner Out As LA Times Publisher; Timothy Ryan In The move comes amid continuing financial troubles at the paper.
New York Times Shakes Up Washington Bureau As Elisabeth Bumiller Named Chief The moves make official what's already been the reality in the newsroom.
Even Fox News Can't Defend 'Ridiculously Stupid' Argument From Kim Davis' Lawyer An attorney for the jailed county clerk isn't sure the Supreme Court can rule on the Constitution.
UK's Mail Online Sues Gawker Over Plagiarism Claims The UK\u2019s Mail Online sued Gawker on Thursday \u2014 claiming the embattled New York gossip blog libeled it in a scathing March
Maddow The threat of running as a third-party candidate gave the reality TV star a lot of leverage.
Kanye Wins 2020 Presidential Election On Latest New Yorker Cover Ever since Kanye West\u00a0declared\u00a0his 2020 presidential campaign, we've been wondering
Hugh Hewitt But the squabble adds another subplot to the network's Sept. 16 contest.
Four Hours Of 'Morning Joe' Is Waaay Too Much The world may sometimes feel like a vast sea of greed, evil and misery, but surely the citizens of the planet have not done
Al Jazeera America Digital Journalists Move To Unionize \A troubling lack of transparency, inconsistent management and lack of clear redress have persisted.\
Roland Martin \I don\u2019t recall you, Bill O\u2019Reilly, ever saying that you\u2019re going to take out police brutality.\
Report ANKARA, Turkey (AP) \u2014 A Turkish government official says two Vice News journalists who were arrested on terror-related charges
How One Newspaper Improved Its Coverage Of An Underserved Community The Peoria, Illinois paper is doing so without hiring more reporters.
Americans Are Divided On How Media Outlets Should Handle Graphic Footage Most think watching people die is disrespectful, but also see the news value in reporting on violent stories.
Rebekah Brooks, Ousted Amid Phone-Hacking Scandal, Returns To News Corp Rupert Murdoch keeps his promises. On Wednesday, after months of careful machinations behind the scenes to find the right
Dan Savage \Jesus Christ himself in Scripture condemns divorce, calls it adultery and forbids it.\
CNN Nabs Politico Media Reporter Dylan Byers CNN media correspondent Brian Stelter described Byers as a \scoop machine.\
News Guild Kicks Off $500,000 Campaign To Organize Digital Newsrooms The News Guild \u2014 known until recently as the Newspaper Guild \u2014 has traditionally been the union for American journalists
Jorge Ramos I\u2019m a journalist; my job is to ask questions. Donald Trump is a presidential candidate; his job is to explain to voters what
Maddow Environmental groups have called the president's actions \hypocritical.\
Bloomberg Begins Layoffs Of Roughly 80 Journalists Though still making billions, the media company is restructuring around core areas.
Bloomberg Editor Lays Out Newsroom's Vision After Layoffs He wants staffers to \capture everything that matters in global business and finance.\
VICE Reporters Face Terrorism Charges In Turkey Reporters on assignment for VICE News in southeast Turkey are scheduled to appear in court Monday to face accusations of
Fox News 'Time was allotted as equally as possible, given the back and forth and interruptions that occurred.'
Behind The Scenes At Millennial-Focus Mic On Thursday August 6,\u00a0Jake Horowitz spent three hours in the White House's library, waiting for the president to arrive.\u00a0 Michelle
What's Univision Really Worth? Donald Trump isn\u2019t Univision\u2019s only problem, or even its biggest. The public brawl between Mr. Trump and Univision Communications
Hulk Hogan Wants To Be Your Next Vice President The Heritage Foundation's Stephen Moore says a Trump-Hogan ticket is not too far-fetched of an idea.
'Sexist' Tweet About Amal Clooney Prompts Outrage Online AP slammed for referring to the human rights lawyer as \actor's wife.\
Egyptian Court Sentences 3 Al Jazeera Journalists To Prison Baher received an additional six months in prison. The state news agency MENA said that extra time was handed down because
Top 7 Reasons I Haven't Jumped Out a Window From Katrina 10 Coverage New Orleans is a tale of 200,000 cities. That's how many people were left in New Orleans post-Katrina. After the diaspora, each of them became a city unto themselves. And each has lived a lifetime in the last 10 years.
TV Critic Takes Bill O'Reilly To Task For Being Too Soft On Trump David Zurawik said O'Reilly should be tougher on the business mogul because of the way he has targeted Megyn Kelly.
This Week In Inane Campaign Coverage It's \definitely a combination of hair gel and hairspray.\
FBI Agent Pretended To Be An AP Reporter. Now AP Is Suing \The FBI both misappropriated the trusted name of The Associated Press and created a situation where our credibility could have been undermined on a large scale.\
WSJ Columnist Says She Has Proof Latino Voters Actually Like Donald Trump She has it all figured out.
WDBJ Holds Moment Of Silence To Remember Alison Parker And Adam Ward \The peacefulness of our community was shattered.\
Jorge Ramos Equates Donald Trump To A Dictator \I\u2019ve been in journalism for 30 years and never been ejected from a news conference. Those are things you see in dictatorships, not in America.\
Jorge Ramos Producer Speaks Out About Press Conference Incident \u201cIn 30 years of covering dictatorships and corruption and things all across the Americas, he\u2019s never been ejected from a press conference.\u201d
NYT's Charles Blow Says 'Enough Is Enough' With Trump When Donald Trump\u2019s security escorted the Univision anchor Jorge Ramos out of a news conference on Tuesday, I decided that
MSNBC Moves Al Sharpton To Sunday Mornings Al Sharpton loses his daily show at MSNBC amid a larger shakeup at the network
This App Tells Your Friends You Got Home Safe A bunch of college students came up with it.
Trump Doubles Down, Tells Lauer That Ramos 'Was Totally Out Of Line' Trump also defended reigniting his feud with Megyn Kelly.
Fox News Gets Schooled On Why WDBJ Shooting Isn't Necessarily An Anti-White Hate Crime \u201cHe shot three white people today. Why is that not a hate crime?\u201d
How Most Major TV Networks Are Handling Footage Of The Virginia Shooting \If you find these kinds of things disturbing, please leave the room.\
Here Are Some Of The Best Journalists Covering LGBT Issues BuzzFeed made out big this year.
BLACKOUT This is not the first time Dish subscribers have lost access to their favorite channels.
Scarborough Slams De Blasio For New York's Homelessness Problem \We can elect liberals who actually give a damn about the quality of life here.\u201d
Jorge Ramos Says Trump's Immigration Plan Is 'All Wrong' \When you say immigrants from Mexico are criminals and rapists, isn't that spreading hate?\
Fox News CEO Demands Donald Trump Apologize For New Megyn Kelly Attacks \Trump's surprise and unprovoked attack on Megyn Kelly during her show last night is as unacceptable as it is disturbing.\
New Evidence Could Overturn Adnan Syed\u2019s Conviction, Says Attorney Lawyer claims the cellphone evidence used to convict the \u201cSerial\u201d subject should\u2019ve been inadmissible in court.
Anderson Cooper Heads Back To New Orleans For Hurricane Katrina Anniversary \Katrina
Inside The 3-Way Family Contest To Become The Next Publisher Of The Times The issue of succession is a difficult matter not just for family-run businesses but for the families that run them. Take
CNN's Stelter The real estate mogul has gotten at least four times as much coverage as any other GOP candidate since the Aug. 7 debate.
July Was The Hottest Month Ever; Cable News Barely Noticed Meh. It's just the earth.
Joe Scarborough Essentially Writes Joe Biden's First Campaign Speech Don't make it about Hillary, he says. But also, talk about Hillary a lot.
Donald Trump Can't Stop Talking About His Ratings The reality TV star takes every opportunity to remind viewers how popular he is.
Politico's Mike Allen Bush suffers from a relevance problem, Allen says.
Trump Is A 'Ratings Machine.' Does That Justify The Media's Binge? The networks' 24-hour coverage of the reality TV star highlights the problem with audience-driven coverage.
HuffPost Explains Why Trump Coverage Is Entertainment On 'Morning Joe' \We\u2019re not passive observers here in the Trump show.\
Politico Denies Unionizing Effort Was Behind Reporter's Departure The company says remaining staff members are free to organize.
Report The cuts could come as soon as Labor Day.
Trump Interview Scores 'Meet The Press' Highest Ratings In 18 Months But does ratings might make right?
Bloomberg Braces For Layoffs, Washington Bureau On Edge The latest blow to a newsroom that's been through a tumultuous year.
New Republic Hires Editors From Lapham's Quarterly, National Journal They are the latest in a string of hires since a massive staff walkout last December.
Florida Community Group Takes Action To Address Rising Sea Levels Concerned citizens weren't willing to let slow government action put their lives at risk.
McDonald\u2019s Silent On Trespassing Charges Against Journalists At Ferguson Restaurant Even as free press advocates and a St. Louis County prosecutor speak out.
Donald Trump Chooses Hollywood-Focused Mag For First Cover And Photo Shoot The publication dubbed the businessman \America's first reality TV presidential candidate.\
MSNBC Airs Softball Interview With Anti-Union Activist Campbell Brown The former CNN anchor has reinvented herself as an education reformer.
BuzzFeed Gets $200 Million From NBC To Extend Reach Into TV And Film From BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti:\u00a0 Dear BuzzFeeders, I\u2019m very excited to share that NBCUniversal has agreed to invest $200M
Media Coalition Protests Charges Against Huffington Post And Washington Post Reporters Press freedom groups find St. Louis County prosecutors' decision \astonishing,\ \outrageous\ and \appalling.\
Chris Matthews Thinks Trump Is The Only One Talking About Immigration According to the MSNBC host, the businessman is \the only candidate who, people believe, is actually saying something.\
Revolutionizing Hospice Care With A Mindful Approach To Death Shifting from a focus on the illness to a focus on the person.
KFC Ads Get Even Weirder With Norm Macdonald As 'Real' Col. Sanders \They can't just grab some super-funny Hollywood actor, throw a white suit on him and try to pass him off as the real Colonel Sanders.\
NBC Nabs Trump Interview, And MSNBC Plays It On Seemingly Infinite Loop The network has been all Trump since Sunday.
With A Little Help, San Francisco's Bodegas Are Getting Healthier \u201cSmall investments can go a long way toward creating healthier and more sustainable communities.\u201d
Politico Labor Reporter Mike Elk Apparently Out \I\u2019m going to go wherever digital media workers need to unionize,\ Elk said. \The story really isn\u2019t about me.\
Trump's Helicopter Entertains Small Children, Reporters In Iowa \OMG WHEE,\ said the reporters.
Fox Guest Host Suggests Making Undocumented Immigrants Build U.S.-Mexico Wall \Then when the wall\u2019s finished, then they get amnesty.\
Mostly What We Are Is Still Here At some point during the Katrina-versary someone will probably serve me foamed salmon on a disaster cheese plate, and I'll take this all back in the spirit of forgiveness, but for now this is my guide to taking part in a disaster milestone.
BuzzFeed's Jonah Peretti He says a union \wouldn\u2019t be very good for employees at BuzzFeed.\
No, Megyn Kelly Did Not Go On Vacation Because Of Donald Trump Fox News released a statement saying the anchor's time off was preplanned.
Don't Look Now, But the Next Bush Wants Us In Another New War in the Middle East Frankly, no one named Bush should be proposing anything in the Middle East. Especially a Bush who has 17 of 21 formally named geopolitical advisors who are alumni of the Bush/Cheney administration.
Joe Scarborough The \Morning Joe\ host has had enough of the former secretary of state -- even though the campaign hasn't really started.
Tone-Deaf Chicago Tribune Op-Ed Says Hurricane Katrina Was Good For New Orleans File under \needlessly offensive columns.\
The Growing Trend That's Improving Life For Food Delivery Workers More companies are converting workers to full employees.
Conservative Columnist Says Trump Is 'Dangerous' And 'Not Even A Conservative' The Daily Caller's Matt Lewis says the enthusiasm for Trump reflects \right-wing populism\ rather than true conservatism.
NBCUniversal Finalizes Deal To Invest $200 Million In Vox The investment gives Vox a valuation of more than $1 billion.
Looking Toward Future, 'The New Republic' Drops The 'The' Among other changes, the magazine and website get a redesign.
Pearson Unloads $731 Million Stake In The Economist The proposed repurchase will strengthen the magazine's editorial independence, the company says.
Anderson Cooper, Seth Meyers Joke They Can't Help But Admire Donald Trump \He, you know, says what\u2019s on his mind, whether you agree with it or not.\
D'Awww, Trump And Fox News Make Up \u201cWe\u2019ve always been friends and it\u2019s great to be back with you.\u201d
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Audio Editor Location
Donald Trump And Roger Ailes Make Up Until Thursday\u2019s GOP debate, Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes and Donald Trump had been executing one of the most successful
Final Hearing Concludes For Washington Post Reporter Held In Iran TEHRAN, Iran (AP) -- A Washington Post reporter detained in Iran more than a year ago and charged with espionage appeared
Donald Trump Hijacks The 2016 Election News Cycle By Phone The Republican presidential front-runner has the rare luxury of getting on TV whenever and from wherever.
Trump Says Jokes About Periods Would Be 'Inappropriate' But he's apparently still cool with calling women \bimbos.\
Erick Erickson The conservative figure reads hate mail from the reality TV star's supporters.
The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Leads To Scientific Breakthroughs New ALS Report Shows That Your Icy Shower Was Not In Vain.
Huffington Post, Washington Post Reporters Charged For Doing Journalism In Ferguson (UPDATE) \You\u2019d have thought law enforcement authorities would have come to their senses about this incident.\
Megyn Kelly Says Trump Sexism Question 'Wasn't An Attack' \I\u2019m a big girl. I can take it.\
Erick Erickson, Noted Sexist, Slams Donald Trump For Being Sexist The RedState editor-in-chief is fond of telling women to get in the kitchen and cook for him.
Here Are All The Ugly Remarks Trump Has Made About Megyn Kelly As if to prove her point, the reality TV star has continued to spew sexist vitriol after the presidential debate.
Fox Hosted The Most-Watched Presidential Primary Debate In History The GOP primary debate nabbed a higher rating than both the Women\u2019s World Cup final and NBA Finals.
Secular Blogger Killed In Bangladesh This is the fourth deadly attack against a journalist in the country this year.
Vice Media Votes To Unionize As Trend In Digital Media Continues Gawker, Salon, and Guardian US have led the way.
Americans Are Flipping The Switch On Fossil Fuels. Here's Why. It turns out there's a greener and cheaper solution to America's energy needs.
Watch Famous Debate Stunts That Worked -- And Flopped Think of Walter Mondale quoting the popular Wendy's slogan, \Where's the beef?\
New York Times Reaches 1 Million Digital-Only Subscribers The company also posts a profit even as print ad revenue plummets.
Roger Ailes Thinks Jon Stewart Is Sad About Not Getting Rid Of Him The Fox News CEO said Stewart probably feels \unrewarded.\
Fox News Republican Debate Could Set A Ratings Record Anticipation is high for several reasons... including a certain real estate developer.
Bloomberg Editor Appoints New D.C. Bureau Chief In Hope For 'New Beginning' Moves come after claim of a \culture of fear\ in the Washington office.
Lice Invade ESPN Makeup And Hair Studios, Deadspin Reports Gross. Gross! GROSS.
Google's Internet Balloons Connect Remote Locations To The Web Looks like the sky really is the limit.
Chris Matthews Lest we forget, Donald Trump was a big birther back in the day.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Social Media Editor The Huffington Post seeks a passionate online journalist to take charge of our social media accounts each weekend. Successful
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Social Video Producer Do you think that some stories are best told in 15 seconds or less? Do you think every social channel presents a unique opportunity
Morning Joe To Elizabeth Warren The talk show host accused the lawmaker of conflating supporting women's right to choose with supporting Planned Parenthood.
Planned Parenthood An 'Abortion Factory That Sells Dead Babies,' O'Reilly Says ... And liberals are \morally bankrupt\ for supporting it.
New Republic Taps Food Writer Corby Kummer Kummer will write a monthly column for the magazine while remaining at The Atlantic.
Vice Launches 'Female-Focused' Channel Called Broadly The site's inaugural posts include an investigation into hacking at Planned Parenthood and an explainer on queefing.
'Shake-Up' At Rolling Stone Jason Fine, the editor of Men\u2019s Journal, will take over as the managing editor of Rolling Stone as part of what the magazine\u2019s
Trey Yingst, Journalist Arrested In Ferguson, Wins Settlement From St. Louis County \u201cThe whole police report was basically made up.\u201d
CNN Host Grills White House Spokesman Over Planned Parenthood Videos Chris Cuomo said the videos show \ugly stuff.\
Journalists Attend Private Koch Brothers Gathering, But Agree Not To Name Donors Aren't they a big part of the story?
News Photographer Found Slain In Mexico City Ruben Espinosa had recently gone into self-exile after being harassed.
Salon Editorial Staffers Unionize, With Site's Management Taking 'High Road' Staff and management will now start working toward a first contract.
Death Of A Young Black Journalist On the night of May 27th, Charnice Milton, a twenty-seven-year-old journalist, was heading home from an assignment. She\u2019d
Unionizing Salon Is Easier Said Than Done A union campaign can easily test the principles of a progressive organization.
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll New hiring strategy gives everyone a fair chance.
The Financial Times Had A Pretty Embarrassing Typo This Week The Financial Times, whose parent company was recently sold to Japan's Nikkei, was one unfortunate letter off in a headline
Maddow The conventional wisdom is that conservative voters will turn away from the reality TV star. Here's why that's wrong.
Will Dana, Rolling Stone\u2019s Managing Editor, To Depart Will Dana, the managing editor of Rolling Stone, will leave the magazine, just months after a controversial article about
NBCUniversal In Talks To Invest $250 Million In BuzzFeed The proposed deal gives the online publisher a valuation of $1.5 billion.
What Happened When A Local Fox Affiliate Asked Viewers For 'Moon Pictures' WARNING
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll Cole Galloway designed a harness to help survivors of brain injurie get mobile again.
Bill O'Reilly Compares #BlackLivesMatter Movement To Gestapo He also purported to be the reporter who has done the most to highlight racially motivated violence.
Will Dana, Rolling Stone Managing Editor, To Leave In Wake Of Retracted Gang Rape Article \Many factors go into a decision like this.\u201d
Teen Perfectly Illustrates The Problem With NBC's Sam Dubose Tweet \Frankly, it's just racist.\
Gawker Gets New Leaders After Tumult Over Article Outing Gay Executive \It\u2019s been a god-awful two weeks.\
How #TheEmptyChair Launched A New Conversation About Sexual Assault Thirty-five women, each sitting in a chair, their hands resting on their laps, their faces looking straight at you
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll Students see Yik Yak as a safe place to express themselves.
John Kerry Meets Privately With Washington Bureau Chiefs To Discuss Iran Nuclear Deal And then he'll have to try to convince the Senate.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Content Strategist Location
Fox News Further Relaxes Republican Debate Criteria Every candidate will get a chance.
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll The initiative is targeted at low-income families in black and Hispanic neighborhoods.
A.J. Daulerio A former colleague says he thinks the Gawker founder is \tired\ and ready to move on.
NYT Public Editor The story certainly seemed like a blockbuster
New York Magazine Site Crashes Hours After Bill Cosby Cover Release A hacker claims he's to blame.
Nate Silver Slams Vox For Aggregating Bill Cosby Story While standard Internet practice, the method still tends to ruffle feathers.
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll The app provides crisis communication for those unable to speak.
Newsweek Hires New Editor-In-Chief For Europe, Middle East and Africa The announcement comes after a major \restructuring\ of the magazine's Europe-based operations.
New York Daily News Calls Bill Cosby 'America's Rapist' The paper takes aim at the damaged reputation of \America's Dad\ amid allegations of sexual assault.
Ken Cuccinelli Says 'Black Lives Matter' Insults White People The former Virginia attorney general prefers \All Lives Matter.\
HuffPost Honor Roll A former NYC teacher is changing the perspective of young black boys on reading.
Gawker.com Is Coming Back, But Gawker Media May Not Be \There is a strong argument for a company name that is not the same as Gawker.com.\u201d
The \u2018Gawker Tax\u2019 Is Getting Too High, Denton Tells His Staff Gawker Media is a business. That's the message that C.E.O. Nick Denton had for his editorial employees yesterday, and it's
HuffPost Honor Roll The New York City initiative protects thousands of youth from deportation.
Glenn Greenwald Calls Gawker's Outing Of Cond\u00e9 Nast CFO 'Despicable' But the site's decision to remove the post raises questions for new media companies.
Gawker Writer Rich Juzwiak Says Company Is 'In A Total Meltdown' Deleting a controversial post outing a Cond\u00e9 Nast executive has only fueled the drama.
Meltdown At Gawker As Top Editors Resign Tommy Craggs, the executive editor of Gawker Media, and Max Read, the editor-in-chief of Gawker.com, are resigning from the
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll Chicago agencies band together to lift poor families out of poverty.
Meltdown At Gawker \That this post was deleted at all is an absolute surrender of Gawker\u2019s claim to 'radical transparency,'\ Max Read said.
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll providing housing secures the education of once homeless children
The First Woman To Anchor A Network Evening Newscast Dies Veteran journalist Marlene Sanders was also the first woman to become a vice president at ABC News.
Bill O'Reilly's Campaign Against Undocumented Immigrants Backfires A politician's response is stealing the show.
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll As journalists, we dutifully report on what's going wrong, from scandals and corruption to natural disasters and social problems
San Francisco Politician Fends Off Reporter Does this have a better ring to it than \fair and balanced\?
'Bloom County' Comic Strip Is Coming Back The iconic 1980s comic strip \Bloom County\ is coming back after ending more than 25 years ago.\u00a0 Berkeley Breathed, creator
Watch Jesse Ventura's Hilarious Takedown Of The GOP Presidential Candidates Jesse Ventura isn't impressed\u00a0by the current slate of Republican presidential candidates.\u00a0 The former Minnesota governor
Confessions of a Serial Songwriter I've been thinking about the innovation of interactive streaming--how versatile, convenient and instantly gratifying it is. Interactive, however, means that before I take off for a drive to the mall or a run on the beach I have a decision to make
Clinton Campaign Frustrates Journalists Yet Again By Roping Off Media At Parade 
Gawker Says Publishing Hulk Hogan's Sex Tape Was 'Good Journalism' 
(VIDEO) Video and Mobile Primed for Media Disruption, Havas' Dominique Delport 
(VIDEO) GroupM's Gotlieb Says Reviews Often Happen When Agencies 'Over-Promise' 
(VIDEO) BBC Worldwide's Gibson Taps Newsroom Values To Tell Brand Stories 
How One School Is Transforming The Lives Of Homeless Children 
Fox News Is No Joke. It's Pure Poison Bill O'Reilly was really steamed. Poooor baby. What got the churlish O'Reilly mad were post-church-shooting statements by South Carolina Rep. Todd Rutherford that Fox News was regularly dispensing the kind of hate speech that led to the church shooting. Rutherford's comments deserved a lot more attention.
When Crying \Fire\ Becomes a Slur In Israel the ultra Orthodox have attempted to inflict their values on a population that doesn't always cotton to their values. In an age of increasing terrorism, there will be a tendency to constrict both the exercise of beliefs as well as the right to express opposition and outrage at those self-same beliefs. The Supreme Court will have its work cut for it.
Cannes 2015 #Shingerview 
An Open Letter to John Oliver I feel that you could have had a much more effective show if you had devoted your entire 30 minutes to the Charleston shooting.\u00a0 I am usually a big fan of your show, but this past week you did not insert your unique voice into the fray when it was needed.
Indian Country All Too Familiar With Rachel Dolezals of the World \Playing Indian\ is so common that most Native peoples have grown inured to the cringe-inducing spectacle of white folks doing ungainly dances at hobby powwows all over the world. Not all participants at these events claim Native ancestry - many just want to be Indian for a day.
Rachel Dolezal and Brian Williams 
Brian Willams and the Flip Wilson Defense I watched Brian Williams' interview with Matt Lauer hoping to hear, once and for all, a contrite admission that Williams lied to us all. Repeatedly. And that he was deeply sorry for losing our trust. Expectations were high to say the least.
Turkish Journalist Accused Of Attempting To Undermine Erdogan's Reputation 
Charleston Post And Courier Honors Shooting Victims With Moving Cover 
Man Behind 'Oprah,' 'Dr. Phil' Remembered At Star-Studded Memorial Service A who's who of Hollywood, music and politics gathered last night at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles to celebrate the life of Michael King, the much-beloved syndication king behind wildly successful shows passed away suddenly March 27 at age 67 from complications of pneumonia.
Too Big to Fire Honesty and integrity are all you have in the news business. I lost respect for Brian Williams, but not because he lied. I lost it because he refused to honorably resign.
MSNBC Reporter Gets Emotional Covering Charleston Vigil 
WSJ Claims Institutionalized Racism 'No Longer Exists' 
We Can't Rely on Media to Discuss Racism Unarmed black men and women are shot in the street almost weekly for nonviolent crimes and the mainstream nation tells us they had it coming. But a shooter who kills 9 people at church is a tragic display of wayward youth and mental illness.
FOX Morning Show Needs to Go... Forever! Pastor's Packing Guns? My advice to these misguided television hosts, and to all of us, is that we reserve judgment until we know the facts.
For Newspapers Swimming in Rough Currents of Digital Era, More Bad News It's a wild world out there in cyberland and after years of struggling to come up with viable financial plans to keep themselves afloat at a time of immense disruptive change to their traditional business models, along comes news that the online goal posts have once again shifted.
Bloomberg-Backed News Start-Up Tackles Gun Violence 'Epidemic' 
On Being American I became an American on Nov. 4, 2010, at an elegant ceremony in Great Hall of Bullfinch's Faneuil Hall, Boston, beneath a vast painting of Daniel Webster debating the preservation of the Union with Robert Hayne of South Carolina.
Bol No More Bol is not merely the two dozen big names; Bol is 2,200 nameless, faceless people who worked day and night to make the channel real, unlike the degrees that were partly financing it.
Clinton Campaign Denies Access To Daily Mail Pool Reporter In Latest Dispute With Press 
Gawker Founder 
'Sunday Times' Snowden Story Is An Example Of Journalism At Its Worst 
How Journalists Could Conquer The World The idea of having to 'preserve' the 'profession' is indicative of the terrible state of journalism, not just in Canada, but around the world. The profession of journalism is in trouble, ironically, not because there is not enough information in the world. Their problem is that there is too much information in the world.
CNN Anchor Apologizes For Calling Dallas Shooter 'Courageous And Brave' 
Innovations in Newspapers = Newsroom Mindset Changes That mobile is the new buzzword is no surprise. News and content consumers want their regular fixes on the go, everywhere, all the time, and newspapers are having a hard time keeping up. So the Innovations report offers papers the following advice to jump on the mobile train before it leaves the station.
The Case For Teaching Students Emotional Skills, Not Just Academic Ones 
French Regulator Orders Google To Extend 'Right To Be Forgotten' Worldwide 
Why Pamela Geller's Paranoid Rhetoric Fails to Keep Americans Safe and Contradicts U.S. Foreign Policy When Fox News says that Geller is \not standing down to radical Islam,\ they also mean that Geller and others aren't aware that the biggest arms dealer to Middle Eastern nations is the United States. Sadly, the right-wing blogosphere never correlates these geopolitical realities to their dire warnings about Islam.
Is Mobile Advertising Dead? After years of scrambling to capture the mobile advertising market as their primary source of revenue, it would seem that Apple is about to cut them off at the knees.
Rachel Maddow Is The Only Cable News Host To Make This List 
Somebody Tampered With News Cameras During White House Briefing Room Evacuation 
Pat Robertson Says God Killed Baby To Stop Next Hitler 
Lester Holt To Take Over For Brian Williams Permanently 
'Boom Boom' Baz That's his nickname, acquired being first on the scene to shoot the effects of booby-trapped cars during his native Lebanon's civil war.
John Dickerson Officially Takes Over As Host Of 'Face The Nation' 
Let's Unionize Facebook Today, pretty much all the jobs are related not to the land, but to the web. To cyberspace. That's where most of our transactions take place -- where we buy things, where we sell things, where we grow things. But who owns cyberspace?
Mika Brzezinski Is Fed Up 
The Caitlyn Jenner Brand Poses New Marketing Challenges Vanity Fair is the perfect forum for Caitlyn Jenner's introduction. Annie Leibovitz, Graydon Carter and the editorial team at Vanity Fair consistently strike a smart balance between art, news and human interest.
Collective Bargaining in the Digital Workplace As Gawker's writers have demonstrated, organizing in digital media is a real option, not an abstraction or a fantasy. People who do this work really can come together for their own common good.
Journalist On Re-Trial In Egypt Blames Al Jazeera 
What a Difference 25 Years Makes When Roseanne Barr sang the National Anthem at a 1990 San Diego Padres baseball game, no one seemed to remember she was a comedienne. It was career suicide for the Primetime Network Queen.
CNN Panel Gets In Tense Battle Over Caitlyn Jenner 
When Do I Get to Stop Spinning the Plates? I find that there are times that I ask myself, \How long do I have to keep spinning these plates?\ I have a full-time job, and a part-time job along with some other sideline projects. What more can I be expected to do? What if I can't keep all of the plates spinning without having them crash to the ground in pieces?
Farah Nosh, Canada's War Photographer For award winning photojournalist Farah Nosh, there is a photograph that defines the madness of war, and it's one of her own.
Josh Duggar's \19 Felonies and Counting\ There is no doubt the Duggars and law enforcement chose to tune out on this one, but the reality is that most families that discover sexual abuse within their clan conceal it--just not with three million viewers looking on.
Journalist Bob Schieffer Retires While the news business has changed dramatically over the past six decades, there is much for all journalists to learn from Bob Schieffer's remarkable career. He hosted presidents and world leaders. He asked tough questions, but was never confrontational. He never wanted to be the story; he just wanted to cover the news.
Jordan's Media at 'Dead End,' Laws Restrictive Jordan's media are at a dead end and its laws are hampering journalists from working in an open environment, a report on freedom in that country revealed. One glaring issue from the \Dead End\ statistics comparing results for 2013 and 2014 was that self-censorship had increased.
NBC Reportedly Eyeing New Role For Brian Williams 
WATCH 
Thank You, Mr. Schieffer I was washing my hands in the bathroom at the Newseum in Washington D.C. when I met CBS News' Bob Schieffer. I was so awkward and nervous. A broadcasting legend was next to me (an aspiring journalist) washing his hands and I had the opportunity to talk with him.
Think PYNK Steps away from the mecca of New York City, Moore and I sat in a quaint caf\u00e9 on 42nd street. Early morning meetings and continuous contact with business related calls, I managed to steal a few minutes to discuss the future of PYNK.
Matt Taibbi 
How The New York Times Staked Out A Swiss Hotel To Cover FIFA Arrests 
Pam Geller Says Juan Williams Is The REAL Anti-Muslim Extremist 
(VIDEO) Teads Touts 'Outstream' Video Units for Mobile 
Is 'Breaking News' the New Normal for ABC? You can't entirely blame ABC News for desperately trying to find a way to remain relevant. After all, they're hard-wired into a 6:30 p.m. time slot in a world where our connected devices deliver real-time updates.
Imminent Trial Of WaPo Reporter In Iran Will Be Done Behind Closed Doors 
Media Ethics Broadcast media are under intense pressure, given tight deadlines, security threats, competition and shrinking budgets. The key challenges are
The Pakistani Friends and the Foes of the New York Times The battle between BOL and the Tribune is not for the supremacy of independent journalism. It is, unfortunately, a competition between two media groups to prove who is the real darling of the Pakistani military.
How the Axact Scandal Changed Pakistan's Media Never before in its media history has Pakistan experienced such a large scale of resignations from top journalists based on the investigations of a foreign newspaper. Some jaded skeptical citizens are complaining why their own secret services and the media organizations are unable to dig out stories as big as the one reported by the NYT.
Don't Hold Your Breadth We have an unprecedented chance to fill in the blanks in kids' lives -- to support their diverse passions and open their minds to new possibilities. Let's not hold our breadth.
This Correction Will Make Your Head Spin 
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Editor, International 
How Newsrooms Are Changing -- And Putting Employee Happiness First 
The Stephanopoulos Verdict If Brian Williams gets a six-month sentence for misrepresenting his reporting role over and over, George Stephanopoulos deserves nothing less for masquerading as an objective journalist asking ostensibly tough questions.
WATCH 
Jorge Ramos' Show Isn't A Mouthpiece For Democrats 
Stephanopoulos Incident Feeds False Republican Myth That the Media Is Liberally Biased Stephanopoulos should have disclosed his donations to the Clinton Foundation. The Stephanopoulos incident not only hurts his credibility, but hurts the credibility of the many mainstream media professionals.
Let's Get Something Straight What do I do about the critics who complain about my husband's giving and my job? After almost 36 years together, I am not about to divorce him for his exercise of free speech (which is what political contributions are).
Why Suicide Is Such a Hot Topic Suicide is not a happy topic but we need to hear about it and talk about. The truth is the media deserves credit for bringing the issue of suicide to light. Reducing the stigma of mental illness is half the battle. Removing taboos and encouraging open conversation is a positive step. We need more articles about depression, not less.
#AMF2015 Tackles Politics, Religion, Ethics, Innovation Toss some hot political issues, mix in religious extremism, factor some ethical considerations and blend in innovation to produce the most sought-after ticket in Arab media events.
60 Years in Journalism Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has come and gone from Washington, honored with one of President Obama's rare state dinners and an address to a joint meeting of Congress. He bills himself as a reformer, in a country where tradition generally trumps reform.
One State Is Showing Just How Effective Police Body Cameras Can Be 
An Era of Reporting Under Fear The state of journalism has obviously changed. The gruesome murder of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl in 2002 by al Qaeda started this dangerous trend.
'Laughter Is The Best Medicine' Is Working In Nepal 
Ex- CIA Officer Convicted For New York Times Leak 
Going Against the Flow So many people dream big, but successful entrepreneurs \take action.\ To succeed as an entrepreneur, you need to be willing to fail, and be creative and flexible.
WATCH 
Celebrating 10 Years of The Huffington Post Exemplifying the Best of the Web Wow. Has it really been 10 years since Arianna Huffington launched her website The Huffington Post? Under Arianna's leadership, The Huffington Post has developed into and become one of the 21st century's most significant exemplars of the successful use of the ubiquitous technology of the Internet.
There Will Be More Silence in the Face of Tyranny if We Continue to Look the Other Way This dark vision for the future will be our own fault if we allow the attack on journalism around the world to go unchecked for another decade, if we continue to look the other way and ignore how killing the messenger erodes democracy and threatens a free, open society.
The Huffington Post Turns 10 Years Old In Style 
New Hope for Trustworthy News Yes, this isn't easy, since a fake news outlet could claim to be trustworthy. We need some trusted network to test challenges to trustworthiness, maybe inspired by Wikipedia.
The Future of the Celebrity Magazine Cover All editors, unburdened of the Sisyphean task of maintaining newsstand sales, could try more interesting, less available people -- a commodity as scarce as actual covers themselves.
The Media of the Future The media of the future is nimble, fit, and intimate. It has no respect for its elders. It doesn't care how it was done before. There is a very real power in realizing this. Those who cling on to power are most likely to lose it.
How (Not) to Represent Turner Syndrome in Media People with Turner Syndrome are complicated and contain many layers and multiple identities, just like any other group of people. While we do have social media and the Turner Syndrome Society's annual conferences to keep in touch and find people who have gone through similar experiences, there is definitely something to be said about being able to see a reflection of yourself in popular media.
WeNeedDiverseAnimation# Because BlackLivesMatter# How do we eliminate the bias against black skin which seems to be so inextricably linked to issues of discrimination that have a real impact on the progress of African-Americans? Economic investment, legal reform and  improvements in education are certainly needed. But, I also believe that positive multicultural media is part of the solution.
Boom Time for British Cinema? We are used to thinking of infrastructure as buildings, plant and machinery. But in industries where the chief output is intellectual product, true infrastructure is time, talent, teams -- and patience. And that's what British film, as an industry, lacks.
(VIDEO) Media Agencies Need to Change 
(VIDEO) Time Inc. Has Video Syndication Deal with Amazon, Others 
Yahoo's Meeting Programmatic Demand From Advertisers at the NewFront (VIDEO) While advertisers and their agencies are looking for quality programming, they want to buy audiences in a flexible scenario, powered programmatically, explains Lisa Utzschneider, SVP, Sales, Americas, Yahoo, in this interview with Beet.TV
Digital Video Is Headed to the Living Room, AOL's Video Chief McCormack (VIDEO) From its place on the desktop mobile, digital video is finding its place in the living room via Internet-connected devices, says Dermot McCormick, President of Video at AOL. \u00a0We spoke with the former Viacom exec bout the evolution of digital\u00a0video.
Why The New York Times Is Naming Names In National Security Stories 
Law and Psychology In cases like Holmes and Tsarnaev, we ask ordinary citizens to go beyond their assumptions and biases, manage their conflicting emotions and take on the difficult task of determining punishment for two heinous crimes that cry out for retribution.
Lost in the Dyson-West Debate I wish Obama had gone to Ferguson and issued a stinging critique of the Grand Jury. I wish he'd raised hell after the killing of Trayvon Martin. I wish he'd make endemic racial inequality the centerpiece of his final years in office. But that Obama has never been.
Are We in the Emerald City, Dr. Oz? We look forward to his on-air response, and hope that Dr. Oz will be transparent and honest about his methods, intentions and future behavior.
LA Times Issues Correction For 100-Year-Old Obit 
Mika Brzezinski Battles Media Matters Founder Over New Clinton Book 
How A Spotlight On Solutions Helped A Small Newspaper Win Journalism's Biggest Prize 
Dr. Oz Fires Back On Quackery Allegations 
In Oz We Trust? The Hippocratic Oath is an oath historically taken by physicians. It is one of the most widely known of Greek medical texts. It requires a new physician to swear, upon a number of healing gods, to uphold specific ethical standards.
BuzzFeed Deleted 3 Posts Under Pressure From Its Business Department 
Sixty Years in Journalism In the early days of the American Republic, news media, meaning newspapers and pamphlets, proliferated. They were highly partisan, often nasty, and not necessarily wedded to the truth.
What the Media Can Learn From the Airline Industry Airlines have taken a fundamentally different approach to the market. Rather than continue to battle one another to the bottom with discount pricing, the industry is now widely practicing what's called \capacity discipline.\ They have effectively curbed supply in order to fuel demand, and it's working. But how doesthis relate to the publishing industry?
South Korea Lifts Travel Ban On Japanese Journalist Charged With Defaming President 
These Schools Are Rethinking How They Train Their Teachers 
Rand's Wife Speaks Out About Today Show Controversy 
Smartwatches Do Little for Journalists But More Useful Wearables Are on the Way Don't look to this first wave of wearables for much that changes how journalists do their jobs gathering news. Coming next, however, are things such as a wrist-launched personal drone and jersey-mounted sports cameras that could open up whole new editorial approaches.
CBS, You Already Have  a Very Smart, Experienced, Talented Person to Replace Bob Schieffer at Face the Nation Besides the fact that it is about time a woman took the helm at one of these Sunday morning shows that are hosted by men (women are more than 50% of the population!!), CBS has the perfect person right in front their eyes to take over at Face the Nation!  Norah O'Donnell!
John Dickerson Will Take Over 'Face The Nation' 
The Huffington Post Is Hiring Front Page Editors 
Reuters Journalist Leaves Iraq After Being Threatened Over Story 
Malaysia Strengthens Sedition Law To Include Online Media Ban 
David Laventhol, Moses, and Newspaper People Wandering in the Wilderness Be understanding and compassionate -- your people are in pain and they will criticize you, question you, berate you, and perhaps even revile you. Forgive them. Love them and care for them - they need good care and feeding on their arduous journey.
7 Things We Learned From Vanity Fair's Expos\u00e9 On Brian Williams 
'Morning Joe' Gangs Up On Ari Fleischer Over Iran Deal 
What Every State Can Learn From Washington's Program To Reduce Drive-Alone Commutes 
Larry Flynt Wins Right To Pursue Missouri Execution Records 
Judith Miller Clings to Her Own Stubborn Myths Judith Miller recently popped out of the Fox News bubble for a quick jaunt to the Wall Street Journal editorial page, the home base for John Bolton, Max Boot, and other neo-con hawks, to give her forthcoming book a little free advertising. In the process she attempts to whitewash her role as an influential pro-war voice in the lead-up to the Iraq War.
UVA Student Says Rolling Stone's Reputation 'Seriously At Stake' For Not Firing Rape Story Writer 
How The Nation Is Facing The New Era Of Journalism 
Pregnant Anchor Responds To Hate Mail Over Clothing, 'Gross Body' 
Topless Golf Digest Cover Sparks Controversy 
Rolling Stone Will Retract UVA Story 
'Masturbation Will Lead To Homosexuality' 
Rolling Stone Awaits Review Of Debunked UVA Gang Rape Story 
Gays Hate America And Other Right-Wing Talking Points On Indiana 
Newspapers Around The World React To Iran Deal 
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough Leaves Door Open For Future Senate Run 
JUDITH MILLER 
This Group Wants To Change The Way The Media Reports On Violence 
The 2016 Election Will Be Live-Streamed 
Remembering Jack Freeman He was always \Jack\ - never Jacob, his given name - and his byline at news organizations that he worked at for nearly seven decades all around the world was always \Jack Freeman.\
Internet Sensation Freddie Wong Talks Shop Via Banff World Media's CONNECT L.A. Conference So I'm chatting with Freddie Wong, producer of the wildly popular online series Video Game High School, whose company Rocket Jump is launching a new series this year with Hulu and Lionsgate.
Good Stories Still Rule in Journalism's Wired Era It's often said in the digital world that \content is king.\ It is clear that in journalism, good stories (even at considerable lengths) still rule, whether in books, newspapers, magazine, web-based publications, podcasts, or on innovative digital narrative platforms.
Lena Dunham's Dog Quiz Is Shameful Is this really 2015 humor? Is this New Yorker humor? Is this even funny?
Vice Aims To Produce Daily HBO Show Without Being 'Slaves To The News Cycle' 
Hillary Clinton Group Warns Reporters Not To Use These Sexist Words In Their Coverage 
Jeb Bush Says He Doesn't Read NYT. Lies? 
Hollywood Speaks Out Against Indiana's Anti-LGBT Law 
Sean Hannity Says Obama 'Wants To Give The Iranians Nuclear Weapons' 
Megyn Kelly To Ted Cruz 
Chris Hayes Has A Problem With 'Inauthentic' Ted Cruz 
Cartoonists Fined For Suggesting Turkish President Erdogan Is Gay 
Top Mexican Journalist Says Bosses Tried To Suppress Story 
Charlottesville Police Suspend UVA Rape Investigation As Rolling Stone Review Nears Publication 
The Nation Celebrates 150th Anniversary With Oversize Issue Featuring Einstein, Chomsky, Steinbeck 
Reporter Dies After Suffering Brain Aneurysm While On Assignment 
Reuters Websites Blocked In China 
CNN Panel Gets Into Heated Debate Over 'Hands Up, Don't Shoot' 
Marc Ambinder's Apology For Politico Magazine Piece Doesn't Run In Politico Magazine 
Bill O'Reilly Blasts 'Corrupt Far Left Group' Media Matters 
Trial Of Al Jazeera Journalists Adjourned AGAIN 
Megyn Kelly Battles Governor Jindal Over Push To Prohibit Immigration Of Radical Islamists 
Matt Lauer Finally Gets His Sweet Revenge On Ellen 
Secret Service Director To Dispute Early News Reports Of White House Car 'Crash' 
When Jeb Bush Uses Private Email For Official Business, The Media Doesn't Care 
Gawker Files FOIA Lawsuit Against U.S. State Department For Access To Clinton Aide's Emails 
How Millenials Consume News and What the Departure of Jon Stewart Means The way we access and consume information is evolving. We've got more information than we know what to do with. No longer are we limited to an hour of nightly news or the black and white pages of your local paper.
WATCH 
Fox News Hires 'The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden' As Contributor 
Chris Matthews Accuses GOP Of Keeping Jim Crow Alive 
OMG Did Time Put Devil Horns On Hillary Clinton?! 
Meet Your New Media Matters Columnist 
Morning Joe's Cowardly Attack on Hip-hop It is irrelevant how many times Trinidad James repeats the \N\ word in \All Gold Everything.\  This is a societal issue that needs to be faced head-on, not by playing a media game of hide and seek.
Fusion Courts Millennials With Deep-Dive, International Stories 
Bill O'Reilly May Have Lied About Experiencing Combat Zone In El Salvador 
60 Years in Journalism Foreign cultures go back centuries, evident not only from ancient castles on hilltops but from the attitudes inculcated in populations by tradition, attitudes toward family, friends, classmates, local leaders and central governments. A foreign correspondent is always an outsider, but often a welcome onlooker.
Chaos At NBC News 
The Huffington Post Is Hiring Assignment Editors 
Robots Take Over The Sports Section 
Watchdog Group Asks New York Times For Correction On Clinton Emails Story 
REPORT 
Somehow, 'Melissa Harris-Perry' Has Managed To Find Non-White Guests. Here's How. 
Can TV Save Local Media? Is it inevitable that TV stations suffer the same fate as their print counterparts? Will they too slash newsroom staffs, rely more and more on syndicated, national content and let advertisers encroach on editorial?
Avoiding Indictment by Innuendo When you go public with your opinions, you are apt at times to ruffle some feathers, intentionally or otherwise. I have dealt with this -- on television, on Twitter, and elsewhere -- many times. I have some suggestions for how best to dodge these bullets should you ever find yourself in similar crosshairs.
Today We Are All Journalists Everyone who contributes to Facebook or Instagram or Youtube or Twitter -- anyone who contributes content to the vast and ever growing sprawl of the information media matrix is a journalist.  Today, we are ALL journalists -- and that is no bad thing.
What's It Like to Do an Obama Impression for Obama? Iman Crosson, A.K.A. Alphacat, is known for his impeccable impression of President Obama and went Huge on the Tube (#HOTT) with his Momentous Day rap.
Now O'Reilly's LA Riots Story Is Under Scrutiny, Too 
NBC Shares Blame with Williams for 'Storied' Career His biggest problem is he appeared to believe the larger-than-life visions of himself that NBC used to promote his broadcasts. He believed his own press, so to speak, and his public persona went straight to his head. Was that why his memory became so foggy?
What's Next for Jon Stewart? I have a feeling that Jon Stewart, with his ersatz Ph.D. from Comedy Central (and no student debt), might like to get on the field of real news and journalism, at least the televised kind, and do something to solve those problems, both the country's and the conflictinator's.
Bill O'Reilly's Former Colleague Calls Him Out For 'Fabrication' Of Falklands War Story 
There's A Long, Long Trail A-Winding When a ship is about to leave port the boatswain's mate and the deck crew hoist the anchor and this is where the phrase \anchors aweigh,\ originates. The anchor is aweigh when it is pulled from the bottom of the harbor and the captain duly notes in his log book that it is \aweigh\ and the ship is leaving port.
O'Reilly Indeed Embellishing War Reporting Experience, Says CBS Colleague 
Harshing Brian Williams I don't know about you, but I'm really feeling sorry for NBC's Brian Williams. If you are a serious news addict, and consequently crave history, you should know that Brian Williams and his ilk are, in the traditional sense, actors rather than scribes.
Conservative Radio Host Interrogates Bill O'Reilly On War Reporting 
O'Reilly Rails Against 'Far-Left' Claims About His War Reporting 
Bill O'Reilly Is a Liar So has Bill lied? Absolutely. Has he admitted it. Not to me. At least Brian Williams had enough balls to admit he lied. O'Reilly is just a hack.
See The New York Post's Outrageous Front Page 
Geraldo Rivera Recently during a relatively innocuous interview, Geraldo Rivera departed from a line of questioning about his politics and recent experiences shooting a television show to say, \Hip-hop has done more damage to Black and Brown people than racism in the last 10 years.\
New York Times Magazine Relaunches With Largest Issue Ever 
Namaz in Fear As the West ramped up its \War on Terror\, the media portrayed the battle as us versus them. \Us\ being the good Anglo-Saxon Americans and \them\ being the freedom hating fundamentalist Islamists of the Middle East.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
False Memories Anchors have become the brand, readers, for stories that other producers and reporters uncover. The problem with Brian Williams is that he is a storyteller. The ability to tell a story is very important in every reporter and writer's life. But, Williams did not have the background in reporting and writing to temper his tall tales.
In His Final Story, Bob Simon Reports On Promising Drug To Combat Ebola 
David Carr's Last Word On Journalism 
A Letter to Brian Williams You have landed in a huge, messy puddle of your own making.  You are a champion of independent, fair, reliable journalism at its best in a moment in our country's history when that tradition, which you and I both love and support, is wobbling.
Jon Stewart After nearly 16 years, comedian Jon Stewart is leaving the reins of The Daily Show. Recently, a number of comic hosts have left long-term late-night gigs, but barely a blip on the giggle continuity screen. I mean, Stewart's departure is not like Walter Cronkite signing off. On second thought, it's exactly the same.
How Williams' Rare Talents Brought About His Downfall 
Cartoons Saturday's smaller replay in Copenhagen of Paris' Charlie Hebdo massacre that left three dead (including the suspected shooter) and several injured begs the question
Anna Wintour's Reaction To Crying Baby North Is Priceless 
Washington Post Staffers Call For Release Of Colleague Jailed In Iran 
News Anchor Goes Off On 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' 
This Is What Matt Lauer Would Look Like In Bondage Gear. Thanks A Lot, Ellen. 
Vice Magazine Names First Female Editor-In-Chief In 20-Year History 
Je Suis Brian Williams Perhaps its time for a psychological intervention, a coming out of the shadows for all of us. Perhaps we could all hold up placards that read \Je suis Brian Williams--I am Brian Williams.\ Now that would turn our world upside down; that would be a revolution I could sign up for.
Copyright is Broken. Can Congress Fix It? With the exception of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, enacted in 1998, just one year before Napster and the beginning of online piracy, many of today's copyright laws and regulations date back to 1976.
NYT 
Flacking With the 'Father of Birth Control' for Cockroaches If you're lucky in life, once in a blue moon, you have a brush with genius like this, someone astoundingly accomplished in their chosen endeavor, who can also give you a takeaway container of wisdom on all, and sundry that can last a lifetime.
Why it may be Willie Geist's Moment Geist is not your father's sidekick, for unlike Ed McMahon, it's abundantly clear that this current gig is just a stop on the way to a much larger role that Geist gets closer to with each broadcast.
Obama Has 'Contempt' For New York Times Columnist Maureen Dowd 
Egypt Sets Retrial Date For Jailed Al Jazeera Journalists 
Brian Williams Cancels Planned 'Letterman' Appearance 
BuzzFeed Will Interview Obama 
Rolling Stone Editor Comments On Brian Williams, But Still Silent On UVA Story 
Andrew Sullivan Signs Off 
Brian Williams In 2007 
Brian Williams To Take Temporary Leave From 'Nightly News' 
Brian Williams and NBC News The mistakes Williams has admitted to, and apologized for, have cast a dark cloud over everyone at NBC News.  The news organization is filled with dedicated, hardworking and accomplished producers, reporters and technicians.  This controversy has been disruptive and discouraging.
Soldiers In Brian Williams's Group Give Account Of 2003 Events 
Rush Limbaugh Pats Himself On The Back For MSNBC's Ratings Troubles 
Brian Williams' Future Uncertain As NBC News Investigates Iraq, Katrina Coverage 
CNN Walks Back Interview With Pilot Who Partially Supported Brian Williams' Helicopter Story 
The Future of Magazine Media -- 10 Ideas That Could Rock Our World Personalization in the magazine industry is not a new idea. I remember someone coming up with it at an offsite meeting in the early 1990s. Why has it taken us all so long?
The Israeli Elections Are a Joke -- and Sometimes, They're Even Funny The most important element of comedy is timing -- and in Israel, comedy and timing can be friends or they can be foes. No matter how funny the election campaign videos are, we live in a serious, disastrous neighborhood, and sometimes the reality calls for seriousness.
MAD Magazine Enters a New Era of Star Wars 
WATCH 
The Artist Behind The 'Sexist' Newsweek Cover Speaks What Rodriguez is confronting us with is a raw and very unpleasant image of the Valley that's applauded for creating the world's most progressive companies when, in fact, some women are calling it a place stuck in the 1950s.
Jailed Al Jazeera Journalist Released 
Broadcast News Icon Sandy Socolow (1928-2015) The legendary CBS News producer Sanford \Sandy\ Socolow has died.  He worked at CBS News for 32 years, during its truly golden years, four of them as Walter Cronkite's executive producer.  He was a rare combination of outstanding journalist and wonderful person, beloved by all those who knew him.
A Racial Incident at a Hockey Game There have been recurrent racial incidents during these years and wiser heads have managed to step up and bring calmness to the situation.  There are more doors open now to Native Americans than there were 25 years ago and I hope that in honor of Governor Mickelson that his proclamation of reconciliation played into it.
Andrew Sullivan 
HuffPost's DC Chief Responds To Obama's Warning Not To Read The Site 
Auto Insurer Says NBC Pulled Its Super Bowl Ads Over 'Blue Balls' Joke 
Andrew Sullivan Is Retiring From Blogging For The Best Reason 
Dr. Drew And Nancy Grace Duke It Out Over Marijuana Legalization 
Mayor Bill De Blasio On Heavy Storm Precautions 
Bloomberg Unveils New 'Flagship Digital Destination' 
Brian Stelter Gives Upside Down Blizzard Report 
Why I Won't Be Watching American Sniper I am an American Muslim. This is my identity, but it's very difficult for me to say it out loud these days. I know it's wrong of me and I constantly get lectured by my other Muslim friends about how I should take pride in my identity and who I am, yet my heart still struggles with it.
(VIDEO) Social News Distribution At NYT's Forefront 
Former Fox Employee Kills Himself In Front Of News Corp Building 
Chris Wallace, Shep Smith Criticize Netanyahu's Visit To Congress 
Beyond the pieties, the Charlie Hebdo massacre leaves us with painful new ironies and tired old remedies It's clear that the slaughter in Paris has managed to change the public policy subject, decisively, away from growing doubts over the wisdom of the endlessly renewable, insanely expensive, surveillance state that much of the non-jihadist world has drifted into since 2001.
60 Years of Sound Bites to Remember A good sound bite packs emotion, opinion, news value and personality, and leaps into a reporter's ear.
Richard Engel Tears Into Obama's State Of The Union Address 
Chris Matthews Is Not Happy With Obama 
How Does a 'Headline' Society Become Informed? We are drowning in \news.\  The proliferation of cable channels coupled with online news is akin to having an enormous hole into which \producers\ need to shovel to fill space. The sheer volume of news sources creates a tsunami of information but does not necessarily leave anyone better \informed\ but simply \aware.\
The New Yorker's Dreck Problem The New Yorker called my writing dreck. It did not level the slight directly at me but lobbed it wholesale at the self-publishing community of which I'm a member.
Iranian Newspaper Banned For WHAT!? 
The New Yorker Unveils Striking MLK Cover 
Google's Big Choice Over 'Right To Be Forgotten' 
Arab Media In today's Arab world people are cowed, frightened and living under increasing repression. The press is frightened, too. How could it be otherwise in a region where an alliance of governments, private media businesses, and the public has set itself against dissenting voices, portrayed increasingly as a threat to state security?
Univision, Biggest Spanish-Language Network, Shut Out Of Republican 2016 Debates 
Following 'Charlie Hebdo' Attack, Comedy Trumps Tragedy More than a week after the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris, American comedians have made it clear that they stand with their fellow satirists in France. There were others who joined the condemnation as well, and not just from comedy.
Why the Golden Globes Might Be a Crystal Ball If we accept that the award winners function -- at least in part -- as indicators of issues society currently has on its collective radar, it's interesting to analyze what they might mean in the context of a broader cultural conversation.
Boko Haram in Baga We should strive to reaffirm the most basic principle upon which our societies stand
 
The Attack On Charlie Hebdo Was A Symbolic Tragedy So Quit Trying To Change The Subject We must recognize the value that comes from pushing the boundaries of what is acceptable, of breaking taboos, of standing up to thugs. Not to do so speaks to a form of cowardice only supplanted by the news outlets who have refused to show the cartoons and the even more pathetic attempts to justify that decision. It gives those who wish to intimidate us exactly what they want
You're Either With Free Speech, or Against It? Some feel that Charlie Hebdo -- by poking fun at and ridiculing cultures, religions and religious figures -- crossed the line, created prejudices, perhaps even incited hatred and violence. This time, I find myself squarely defending Charlie Hebdo's freedom of expression.
French NBA Players Wear 'Je Suis Charlie' Shirts 
'CBS This Morning' Serves Up Hard News First 
Watch As Fox Host Gets Hacked On Live TV 
Head of Charlie Hebdo Published 'Prophetic' Drawing a Week Before His Death 
I Don't Exist I am overwhelmed by the extraordinary variety of writing and publishing platforms available for our consumption today, from the professional journalist and the citizen blogger to the Facebook philosopher and the hashtag activist.
Watch Everyone On 'Morning Joe' Spend The Morning Eating White Castle 
Former Drudge Report Editor Launches Politics-Focused Site 'Right Read' 
Dish Network Unveils Video Streaming Service 
ISIS Hostage Appears In New Propaganda Video From Iraq 
The Ebola Fighters 'TIME' Forgot While I praise and appreciate TIME's selection of the \Ebola Fighters\ as their \Person of the Year,\ and although TIME briefly mentions \the promise of U.S. troops to build treatment units,\ this author is at a loss as to why our military men and women were not explicitly included in TIME's Person of the Year.
Former ABC News Correspondent To Testify In Terrorism Trial 
Anderson Cooper Hopes Piers Morgan 'Gets A Job Some Day' 
2014 Was A Glorious Year For TV News Bloopers 
A Year, Or 5 It seems fitting that as I look back on Moxie Media's year, I'm looking back on five of mine and commemorating the memories alongside The Huffington Post India's very first articles.
On the Fragility of Ideologues. RedState, and Moe Lane, would do well to stop using a childish \mock & block\ policy to censor debate on their site. Come join the adult conversation, fellas. You can do it.
How A Louisiana Blogger Landed The Steve Scalise White Supremacist Scoop 
Promoting Press Freedom -- U.S. Spends Over $100 Million Per Year The First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States guarantees freedom of expression by prohibiting Congress from restricting the press or the rights of individuals to speak freely.
(VIDEO) Ad Tech Won't Kill The Media Agency 
PART II 
(VIDEO) Slate Publisher Sees 'Huge Business' Potential In Podcasts 
Investigative Reporter Alissa Figueroa Exposes Stunning Flaws in Veterans' Benefits System Figueroa's four-part series has ripped the cover off a corrupt branch of the veterans' benefits system, transforming the national conversation about why so many of our soldiers wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan are being denied disability benefits and medical care.
David Brooks Calls Chris Hughes 'Callow And Incompetent' 
Rush Limbaugh Can't Stand The Idea Of A Black James Bond 
AP Denies Claim That North Korea Censors Pyongyang Bureau 
Mauritanian Journalist Sentenced To Death 
Most Memorable Magazine Covers Of 2014 
New Hope Al Jazeera Journalist Will Be Released For Christmas 
60 Journalists Killed In 2014 As Targeting Of International Press Rises 
Manson. O.J. Michael Jackson. The AP's Linda Deutsch Covered Them All For 48 years, Linda Deutsch held a bright candle for The Associated Press. She taught us what true reporting and journalism are truly about.
No Limits to Freedom of the Press? As long as one grants that the United States' security requires that the state be able to keep some secrets, the question stands
Tom Brokaw In Remission From Cancer 
Jinn, Sex, Atheism Strike Egyptian Media In today's topsy-turvy environment, all bets are off. Rather than focus on critical upcoming legislative elections and a major conference to help attract investments to Egypt's struggling economy, TV channels seem sidelined by matters that raise eyebrows and questions given their timing.
(VIDEO) The Next Big Thing at WPP Digital Moore sees the most promising opportunity in digital media around \creative optimization,\ meaning the customization of creative advertising in realtime, as it is consumed. \u00a0While some vendors are making progress in this field, there is much more to be developed. \u00a0He sees this new medium emerging in 2016.
Rolling Stone Fact-Checker Didn't Ask About Alleged Rape Victim In Emails With UVA Officials 
Remembering the Massacre at Wounded Knee Fifty-one years before the Japanese carrier strike force dropped their deadly bombs on Pearl Harbor, another \Day of Infamy\ that will live forever in the minds of the Lakota (Sioux) people, occurred.
Reading the Pictures Maybe someone can figure out why the assemblage of \Code Breakers,\ as they're called, are mostly wearing blue? Otherwise, I'm wondering about all the beaming when it comes to the demographics, and the uniformity.
Looking Back at 9 Years of The Colbert Report (VIDEO) Today, as The Colbert Report airs its final episode, I'm looking back with gratitude on nine years of great television. I loved being on the show several times, discussing everything from my Greek accent to self-sabotage to the obnoxious roommate living in my head. Here are some of my favorite moments on The Colbert Report over the years.
NYT Magazine Editor Joining This American Life, The Atavist 
Best Buy, 'Serial' and the Era of Outrage Best Buy was already a part of the Serial world by sheer chance -- they just chose to acknowledge that connection with a tongue in cheek. The only self-interest that the company can be seen to be pursuing here is relevance, which by no means translates directly into profit.
Turkish Police Raid Media Outlets 
U.S. Calls On Turkey To Protect Media 
Report 
'Meet The Press' Books Dick Cheney To Talk Torture Report 
Sony Hack Reveals Maureen Dowd Showed Sony Exec's Husband Column Before Publication 
Little Girl Takes Mic From Reporter, Delivers A Spot-On Broadcast At Target 
As One of Them -- Carole Alfarah Documents the Attacks on Civilians in Syria \Today carrying a camera is like carrying a weapon. Who ever might stop you and start interrogating you for taking pictures.\
Inherent Vice \The more we immerse ourselves in a virtual representation of reality, the more important signifiers become.\
Ebola Fighters Are Time Magazine's Person Of The Year 
Gawker President Steps Down, Expands Leadership 
DOJ Has One Week To Decide On James Risen Subpoena 
Owner Chris Hughes And CEO Guy Vidra Say The New Republic Isn't Dead Yet 
DEBACLE 
Rolling Stone's Missteps Will Set Rape Dialogue Back Years, Advocates Worry 
Rolling Stone Walks Back Contentious Apology Letter 
Iran Officially Charges Washington Post Reporter Detained For Months 
CBS Pulled Off Dish Network 
How Bloggers and Comedians Are Telling Us More Than the Mainstream Media About the Ferguson, Garner Deaths Sometimes the news is so horrible you just have to laugh at it -- and comics and bloggers help raise awareness of what's wrong in a system that sorely needs changing.
Truck Carrying Thousands Of Copies Of NY Times Overturns 
New Republic Editors Resign In Major Shake-Up 
AP Reporter Wounded In Afghanistan Vows To Return 
MASSACRE AT TNR 
The End Of Time Inc. Magazines? 
Will The New York Times Cover Labor Full-Time? 
Keith Ablow Blames Michael Brown's Stepfather For Death 
Top Intelligence Reporter Plans To Leave Journalism 
Joe Scarborough Slams Media Coverage Of Michael Brown Shooting 
Bill Kristol 
Hack vs Flack? What's the Problem? Geography! In an increasingly globalized world, albeit with local interests, where stories often break on social media before anyone has time to breathe, journalists and PR pros can't afford to be \geography challenged.\
Serial That's how Serial is supposed to get you
How Programmatic Media Buying Is Saving The Banner Ad Why is it so tempting to dismiss entire swaths of the media landscape as dying or dead as Farhad Manjoo did in a piece for the New York Times earlier this month? TV is dead, Print is dead, and as Mr. Manjoo suggested, the banner is dead, proclaim technology and media reporters!
Cable News Split Screen Reveals Surreal Contrast Between White House And Ferguson 
NYTimes Issues Correction Over Fake Quotes About Kim Kardashian's Butt 
New Yorker Rips 'Redskins' With New Cover 
Young People, Media and Health 
News Anchors Quietly Met With Darren Wilson 
How A Reporter Younger Than Taylor Swift Nabbed The Time Interview 
Cornflakes Every Sunday at the Indian Mission Boarding School I suppose that in the long run the Jesuit priests and nuns truly believed that cornflakes would quiet our sex drive and they eventually found out it did not.
The Impact and Lasting Legacy of Ferguson, Missouri and Michael Brown The world of short blogs and 140 characters is symbolic of the all too prevalent overly simplified analyses, and sensational headlines that might generation \likes\ and \retweets,\ but do not bring us to a better understanding of people, communities or our history.
Indy Star Apologizes For Racist Thanksgiving Cartoon 
Koenig's Emotions Make Serial Great It's a mistake to argue that she's not a credible journalist because she does occasionally express emotion. It's an emotional case which involves real people.
Fox Host Links Immigration Reform To Upcoming Ferguson Grand Jury Decision 
'Today' Co-Hosts Play Along With Media Rumors About Them 
News Anchor Collapses Into Uncontrollable Fit Of Giggles 
The New Republic Celebrates Its Past At Centennial Gala As Staff Look Anxiously Toward Future 
Thanksgiving Tip Sheet So as we inch closer to our national holiday, I thought sooner rather than later, would be an ideal time to share some historic background and relevant statistics about Thanksgiving should you be searching for such information in the coming days ahead.
Brother Of Detained WaPo Reporter Hopeful About Release 
A Trustworthy Press Is the Immune System of Democracy Do your best to get it right. If you do, great. If you don't, admit you got it wrong, fix it, even if hard, and try harder next time. And we should reward journalists and press outlets that are practicing good, honest journalism.
KCTV Weatherman Is Just Being Honest 
Beirut Seminar Targets Arab Media Hate Speech The seminar that included participants from Syria, Yemen, Qatar, Jordan, Morocco, Tunisia, Iraq, Algeria and Turkey ended with an eight-point statement to combat hate speech and promote actions to further ethics, good governance and self-regulation.
Bruce Springsteen Inducts Brian Williams Into NJ Hall Of Fame 
TV News Shows Largely Ignored Anti-War Voices In Run-Up To Syria Strikes 
Oops 
Cond\u00e9 Nast Agrees To $5.8 Million Settlement In Intern Lawsuit 
Fusion Summit Will Gather Youth Leaders From Protest Movements Around The World 
CNN Just Renewed Three Of Its Original Series 
Dear FCC The Internet is no longer a luxury for those who can pay or a profitable plaything for a handful of corporations. It is a daily necessity. It is much too precious to be left to the mercies of Internet monopolies. It must be protected by an FCC that governs not only in the public's name but also with its consent.
Stephen Glass Breaks His Silence 
Joseph Gordon-Levitt To Play Snowden In New Film 
Passing the Journalism Torch 
Ebola PR, Global News and Social Media Too often, news media and social media chatter turn to fear mongering instead of dispassionate reporting of facts. Ebola offered \red meat\ for sensational journalists, talk show hosts and social media opinion leaders.
The Truth About Viral Videos Trying to get a video to go viral is not a strategy any more than buying lottery tickets is the strategy to build wealth. It's random and unpredictable. Don't bet on it.
Remembering Ben Bradlee in Indian Country There are faculty luncheons and dinners at Harvard throughout the year. It was at one of these functions in 1990 that I first met Ben Bradlee, the esteemed editor of the Washington Post.
On Spotify, Taylor Swift, and Making a Living as an Independent Musician in the Digital Age The 20th century was the only time in the history of music where some musicians got very well paid for their work. Those days are over. I am not an economist.  One might say a folksinger is opposite of an economist, but I have a reasonable grasp on supply and demand economics.
Another Cable News Network Invests In Pot Documentaries 
Russian TV's American Face RT is rapidly transforming itself into an American-style whistle-blower, relentlessly reporting on America's democratic deficiencies and malfeasance, at home and abroad.
Media, M.D. Imagine if some media pressure was more equally applied to \forgotten\ health issues. The increased media spotlight could affect the government's approach to funding, research, and communication about prevention -- shifts that could potentially impact thousands of lives annually.
SuAnne Big Crow Died, But Her Dreams Live On 
WATCH 
Stephen Colbert Is Just As Worried About The New Citizenship Law As Fox News 
Fox News Host's Creepy Catcall 
Weather Channel 
Reading the Pictures Given the \loaded nature\ of the objects and the situation, there are certainly ways to capture a scene like this that is not only more sensitive (and more mundane), but steers clear of exploitive associations to race and violence.
Journalists Manhandled In Hong Kong 
Egyptian Newspapers Pledge To Limit Criticism Of Government 
Shep Smith 
Where the Paths of the Jews and Navajo Crossed The relocation of the Navajo should be taught in all public schools and colleges because it was not just the Navajo who suffered the trauma of forced relocation, but hundreds of other Indian tribes suffered the same trauma of relocation.
Fox News and Bill O'Reilly Keep Having Pastor Who Says Obama Is 'Paving the Way for the Future Reign of the Antichrist' as Guest I'm no Doogie Howser, but isn't this medically certifiable in the real world? If the guy at the corner bar, or at the table next to you, says such nuttiness, don't you move away? I know I do. Weirdo's bother me. Call me old-fashioned. This is Fox News, 2014, stirring the pot. It's what they do.
Is Rebekah Brooks Coming Back To News Corp? 
How to Get Your News From Poems \It is difficult / to get the news from poems,\ wrote American poet William Carlos Williams, \yet men die miserably every day / for lack / of what is found there.\ And yet, we are seeing more and more efforts to combine poetry and reporting.
The End Of The NY Post, Daily News War? 
Mika Brzezinski Tears Into U.S. Minimum Wage 
Fox News Host 
It's Been 300 Days Since The Al Jazeera Journalists Were Jailed In Egypt 
Waltzing With Ben and Sally Ben Bradlee was undoubtedly the best newsroom leader I ever worked for. He pushed you to be better, spotted the weak spots in your draft and had a nose for news. But I also learned it was not smart to get on his bad side.
Ebola Crisis Sparks Need to Address Conspiracy Theories If there is any silver lining to conspiratorial thinking, it is a willingness to question what might seem obvious to the linear observer. As a scientist, I always consider such questioning to be positive.
Reporter Resigns After GOP Campaign Allegedly Tried To Block Damaging Story 
Goodbye to Good News When will there be a good news day? One news day where the news is so good that it is the story of the day. A day that excites all Americans, whether they are Republicans, Democrats, or any other political persuasion. The news is so good that all the news coverage is overwhelmed by this wonderful event.
Zombie Lies About Ferguson Most of the rank-and-file conservatives with whom we might interact get their information from conservative media sources. Republican politicians are ensconced within it as well. Inside the walls of that closed environment, facts that do not jibe with conservative ideology or the conservative interpretation of events are twisted, turned on their head, or simply ignored.
You Claim to Think the News Is Important -- I Don't Believe You A lot of the core institutions of public oversight are being eroded today, the checks and balances going out of whack. This, right now, is the point at which we must either stand up for a strong news media or admit openly that we do not actually care about it as much as we pretend to.
The Bill O'Reilly/Jon Stewart Brouhaha People like Bill O'Reilly call upon people to raise themselves up while helping keep a foot on their necks.
A String of Coincidental Deaths in Rapid City Native Americans have pondered this strange set of circumstances since 1998. In 2009, ten years after the string of circumstantial deaths, Laurette Pourier, a Native American educator, said many Native Americans believe the deaths weren't properly investigated.
The Rise of Female Business Journalists in China Hu's impressive career boosted an increase in Chinese women working in business journalism. After years when business journalism was dominated by men, with the field even called \the forbidden city,\ the number of female business reporters is rising.
Why I Hope Not to Die at 75 Our value as human beings extends far beyond our productive capacity. It includes our capacity to love and be loved, our capacity to listen to others without judgment and with compassion, and our capacity to make a difference for others. We can both contribute value and find value in life at any age.
Why Did The Washington Post Name The White House Volunteer Accused In Prostitution Scandal? 
How the Press Is Doing the GOP's Ebola Bidding If the news media's job is to educate, and especially to clarify during times of steep public concerns, then the news media have utterly failed during the Ebola threat. And politically, that translates into a win for Republicans because it means there's fertile ground for their paranoia to grow.
Vice News To Expand Globally 
Donald Trump Claims Obama Is Mentally Ill 
Swedish Town of Ume\u00e5 Enjoys Gender Balance in Its Print, TV and Radio Outlets It took years of monitoring and determination, but three media outlets in Sweden pursue gender balance in their reporting, for the benefit of their audience and their own economic success.
Appalling Newspaper Cartoon Sends Misguided Message About Rape Culture 
We Need to Talk About Non-Gender-Conforming Media Workers, Too Women's magazine Marie Claire announced last July the addition of a new name to its masthead
Being There With ISIS and Thomas L. Friedman In film director Hal Ashsby's classic Being There (1979), Peter Sellers plays Chance Gardner, an idiot man-child whose nonsensical comments are mistaken for profundity. Chance, as realized by Sellers, is a classic comic character. Thomas L. Friedman is not trying to be funny.
The Golden Age of YouTube? Almost without exception, today's Internet stars come from outside the Hollywood farm system. They are kids, mostly, who have figured out how to make 140 characters and six-second videos wildly entertaining.
Crazy Horse and Chips Chips died that winter in 1914. He never had the chance to take Holy Dance to the burial site. Bob said, \That Spring I returned to the spot that Chips told me about where the grave was and sure enough I found it.\
Taboo Nation While Maher's points were vastly generalized and his analysis incomplete, there was still some validity to them. In modern America, we are so wed to the ideas of fairness and sensitivity that we can sometimes become blind to the obvious.
NBC News Crew Quarantined 
How to Save the Newspaper We should be able to pay for the form we want it in, including how it is distributed.  I would gladly pay to have a papergirl or boy deliver the paper on the right day in the right way, and I would tip for that privilege.
Jon Stewart Turning Down 'Meet The Press' Is The Smart Move For All Involved 
Unnamed U.S. Officials Blame News Reports Based On Unnamed U.S. Officials For Militants' Escape 
Local Texas Station Tweets Out Very NSFW Gay Porn 
Anderson Cooper Jokes That His Mom 'Hooked Up With' Her Fair Share Of Hollywood Men 
Social Media Research Ethics Clarity Needed Facebook now says it will apply greater internal review to research projects, but it misses the ethical point by rejecting external review. With more than one billion users worldwide, the stakes are high for social media users.
Politico Promotes Blake Hounshell, Reveals New Website In Staff Meeting 
Glenn Beck Is Wrong to Disparage Poland's World War II Record Enough. It's not OK to disparage Poland's World War II record. No country fought Nazi Germany longer or sacrificed a larger percentage of its people to Hitler's death machine than Poland. Enough.
Ben Affleck vs. Bill Maher Problem is, despite all the bluster and loud sighs, these guys were not actually disagreeing with each other.  Not really.
REPORT 
NBC News Freelance Journalist With Ebola Arrives In US 
Netanyahu Fooled the New York Times -- For One Day This Israeli fantasy of making peace with the Arabs without first making peace with the Palestinians has been around for decades. It is, in effect, a desire to turn the Arab Peace Initiative on its head. As is often the case, Netanyahu's clever, but disingenuous, ploys can't stand up in the face of reality.
Put Your Money Where Your Big Mouth Is A few years ago,Bill O' Reilly,host of a highly rated show on Fox News said he didn't think people who opposed the Bush/Cheney Iraq War were traitors,they were just bad Americans. Sean Hannity,another Fox host, had harsh criticism for people who marched in freezing cold weather to oppose this war.
Fox News Freaks Out Over Obama Dig 
Liberia Imposes Media Restrictions On 'Invasive' Ebola Coverage 
CNN's Chris Cuomo Says Reza Aslan's 'Tone' Shows Why People Are 'Fearful' Of Islam 
American NBC News Camerman In Africa Diagnosed With Ebola 
What Happens to the News That Doesn't Fit the Story? The reporters become less journalists and more movie makers as they try and create a geopolitical drama, in which they have already decided who are the villains and who are the victims.
Embracing the Female Executive Title As a CEO and Advocate To my male and female colleagues, I hope you start to lead your teams and businesses with a philosophy I've adopted from someone earlier in my career
Live Video From The Huffington Post Interview Stage At Advertising Week 2014 
Live Video From The Times Center Stage At Advertising Week 2014 
Dear Jim Sleeper, Not Everything Is About Yale Although he has spent many, many words on Singapore, Jim Sleeper doesn't appear to care a fig about the country and its residents. He isn't upset about oppression in Singapore because oppression is bad in and of itself. He's upset about oppression in Singapore because it makes the institution at which he teaches look bad.
Stephen Colbert Is Driving Bill O'Reilly Crazy 
Newspaper Editor Apologizes For Major Privacy Breach 
PHOTO 
All Indians Ask Is for America to Honor Our Treaties Can't the average American understand that it is not an honor to have our culture stolen, mimicked and insulted by fanatical football and baseball fans? We are not, and have never been \Redskins.\
(VIDEO) Addressable TV Ads Are 'Holy Grail' 
The Simple Way to Transform the World Even knowing all this, after going through a few pages or watching a TV screen while waiting at the doctor's office or in the airport  I can't help  thinking what a crazy world we are in, with people doing all these unbelievable, sometimes unacceptable things. Is that, I wonder, \reality\?
Greta Van Susteren Is Not Happy About Fox News Hosts' Sexist Comments 
Iranian President Won't Say If He Will Help Detained Reporter 
'F--k It, I Quit' Reporter Lights Up A Joint On HuffPost Live 
Top Obama Adviser Dismisses Media 'Fake' Uproar Over 'Latte Salute' 
Kenan Thompson Is Actually An Amazing Weather Reporter 
Right-wing Media Group That Backs Limbaugh Suddenly Concerned About 'Civil Discourse' Sometimes the double standards employed by the right-wing Media Research Center are breathtaking in their blatantness.
Body Counts Rise As Chaos Deepens It seems like the people who are supposed to know what to do, don't. Immanuel Wallerstein, the brilliant world systems scholar says they are stuck because of deeper systemic problems that most of the media misses.
My Conversation With Gail Sheehy In this clip I asked Gail Sheehy, who interviewed Hillary Clinton many times over the decades, if she thinks the country is now ready for a woman president.
The Quick Slide From Hope to Despair How fast we've moved from peace to war, from hope to despair. Of course, like so many reports about U.S. military action, there was no mention of civilian casualties or other \collateral damage.\
No Rays of Hope If you get your jollies from watching organizations dig themselves deeper into a brewing crisis, then what's going on right now in the NFL is giving you the biggest endorphin spike of your life.
We Spoke With the Alaska Reporter Who Dropped an F-bomb and Quit Her Job on Live TV \If I offended anyone, I apologize, but I'm not sorry for the choice that I made,\ she said.
(VIDEO) \AdBlocking Goes Mainstream\ and Video Publishers are Severely Impacted, PageFair/Adobe Study Finds 
Ken Burns' 'The Roosevelts' Reveals Everything Wrong With Our Current Political Class By exploring the lives and times of the Roosevelts, ER Burns shows that in our not-so-distant past the governing institutions of this country were actually responsive to the needs and desires of working-class Americans.
New York Times Launches 'First Draft' Politics Site And Newsletter 
NY Times' Shonda Rhimes Scandal Gets Worse And Worse 
Brit Hume 
Why CNN Won't Play Latest ISIS Video 
NY Times Columnist Opens Up In Powerful Op-Ed 
Watch As a service to the deceased person's families -- often on both sides of the border, some with United States citizenship and some not -- the work is a remarkable study in simple decency and human compassion.
NBC Admits Error On Christie Bridgegate Report 
David Muir Reveals Childhood Obsession With News 
Newspaper Apologizes For Horribly Offensive Cartoon 
Standing Tall for Native American Day An unprecedented event happened in South Dakota 24 years ago, an event that has not been duplicated by any other state
Who's Paying the Pro-War Pundits? 
A Plea for Taking Advertising Seriously If had a dime for every time I've heard someone say, \Oh, I don't pay any attention to ads. I don't let them affect me,\ I'd be very rich indeed. Truth be told, ads do affect us -- and often in ways that we never even stop to think about.
WSJ 
Ukraine Security Services Break Into Newspaper Office 
Tom Brokaw Shares Great News About Cancer Battle 
Mika Brzezinski 
Brian Williams Takes Over 'Today' 
How Esquire's Paywall Is Making A Difference 
Fox News Host's Pathetic 'Apology' For Horrible Ray Rice Comments 
CNN Host Worries Media Is Provoking ISIS War Fever 
Chuck Todd's Tough Questions For President Obama 
Al Jazeera Retracts Article Suggesting ISIS Videos Of Foley, Sotloff Were Staged 
Politico Executive Editor Rick Berke Resigns Over Strategy Differences 
American Indians and Australian Aborigines Traveled a Similar Path There is a colonization connection the indigenous people of Australia and America share.
For Steve Sotloff You chose to venture to the most dangerous places on the planet because sharing the story was worth the risk of your own mortality. You unmasked the evils of our world today and you stared at it straight in the face. And you truly loved doing it.
The Underreported Side of the Ebola Crisis Amid the media accounts of the worst Ebola outbreak, some significant context is largely missing from the major media reporting. Atop this list are links of the outbreak to the climate crisis and global inequality and austerity-driven cuts in public services that have greatly contributed to the rapid spread of Ebola.
Joan Rivers It's just what she does, and despite all the knockdowns she still puts herself out there in a way that leaves her vulnerable. This is so brave it stuns me.
Media Figures Share Personal Memories Of Joan Rivers 
What's Next For Jill Abramson 
The Economist Withdraws Unbelievably Terrible Slavery Piece 
(VIDEO) VivaKi's Hopwood on Programmatic Advertising 
'Duck Dynasty' Star Calls For 'Conversion Or Death' 
The Crackpot Index for Media Content The Media Outlet Crackpot Index measures the potential credibility -- or the lack thereof -- of a given media source. The higher the score, the more likely it is that the story or media outlet is the work of one or more crackpots.
Another Blow To Press Freedom In Hong Kong 
As 'Time' Goes By Is my one-time favorite magazine going the way of the dodo bird? What's to become of TIME after it was cut loose from a corporate tether tied to a sought-after prize?
Newspaper's Sexist Headline Misses The Point 
New Yorker Says Goodbye To Derek Jeter 
MSNBC Host Married! 
Chelsea Clinton Leaving NBC News 
Mike Baker and the 'Temple of Doom' CNN was interviewing someone named Mike Baker who was identified as \a former CIA covert operations officer.\ The interview was about the United States beginning to fly surveillance missions over Syria.
Chuck Todd Asks RNC Chair If GOP Has 'Too Many Crazy White Guys' 
For Freelancers, Growing Opportunity and Risk The recent beheading of freelance journalist James Foley (pictured above) by militants from the Islamic State highlights the growing dangers that freelance reporters covering conflict zones face.
Diane Sawyer Says Goodbye To 'World News' 
I Love My Radio After twisting both knobs back and forth for a while, I finally caught a shortwave signal and guess whose voice I heard? Mr Owen Bennett Jones' presenting news hour on the BBC World Service.
Obama Blasts Afghans for Expelling Reporter -- So Why the Continued Pursuit of 'NYT' Reporter James Risen? The Justice Department's relentless pursuit of James Risen, and its refusal to recognize a qualified, first amendment-based, testimonial privilege for journalists, are serious mistakes. Now would be a good time for President Obama to correct those mistakes.
Who Fired Live Rounds in West Point? The Answer Matters for Liberians In a country like Liberia, it matters who fires live rounds. It matters who uses less lethal means to control crowds.  It matters who is present when things go awry.  The reputation of an entire institution is at stake. Because, in Liberia, where mistrust of the government runs deep, incidents can be used to fuel the flame for future violence.
Journalism Uber Alles If you take a look at the most successful companies that are purely derivative of the web (as opposed to old companies that have been jammed into the web), you get an interesting (and very valuable) list.
Kidnapped American Journalist Freed In Syria 
WATCH 
U.S. Journalist Missing Since 2012 Freed By Kidnappers In Syria 
WATCH 
Free at Last CNN has a freedom project that has been dedicated to fighting modern-day slavery since 2002, and considering the fact that child labour is one dominant form of slavery in this generation, I decided to interview CNN Executive Editor Mr. Leif Coorlim.
ISIS Is Holding Many More Journalists In Captivity 
Ferguson Think you have a pretty good idea of what's going on in Ferguson, Missouri? You may not, even if you've been watching a lot of cable news. Especially if you've been watching a lot of cable news. If the media's job is to give viewers and readers an accurate and full idea of what's really going on, we have to acknowledge that there is a long way to go. Of course, Ferguson is not an isolated case. But it is a chance for those of us in the media to expand our understanding of our role in covering the news. At HuffPost we are certainly covering the violence and the underlying racial tensions, but we are also committed to telling the \untold story\ (as our splash put it on Tuesday) -- of compassion, ingenuity, kindness, trust, collaboration and community.
Kathy Griffin Explains Why Fox News Is The 'Bane Of Her Existence' 
Afghanistan Levels Ridiculous Allegation Against New York Times Reporter 
James Foley's Mother Pays Heartbreaking Tribute To Her Son 
Honor Journalist James Foley If the early reports are correct and journalist James Foley was, in fact, executed by ISIS, you can honor him -- and not play into the terroristic hands of that organization -- simply by not watching the video of his murder.
ISIS Threatened To Murder James Foley Last Week 
Sky News Is Being Investigated Over That Disastrous Malaysia Airlines Segment 
James Foley, Missing American Photojournalist, Beheaded By ISIS 
Fareed Zakaria Accused Of Plagiarism 
BuzzFeed Editor's Big Admission 
The Power of Words I lived in St. Louis for 44 years until I was relocated last year for work. So instead of learning the details of this tragedy from my familiar local news community, I learned from stories by folks who were less familiar with my hometown and there was a difference in the detail.
Russia Today's Provocative New Ad Campaign 
NYT Reporter 
Why What Happened To Reporters In Ferguson Matters So Much 
WATCH 
Here's How 'Meet The Press' Said Goodbye To David Gregory 
The Fourth Estate at Wounded Knee in 1973 Newspapers from across the nation and the world found the occupation of Wounded Knee in February 1973 a very hot ticket. Reporters came, they saw, and then they wrote about it.
'Today' Show Staffers Get Awesome Surprise 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Savannah Guthrie's Super-Sweet Update About Her New Baby 
Ann Curry To David Gregory 
Shock And Outrage After Ferguson Police Assault And Arrest Reporters 
5 Lifesaving Things to Consider When Writing About the Death of Robin Williams It is shockingly easy to unintentionally glorify suicide. Williams was a great talent, no doubt, but are we inadvertently communicating to others that they, as well, could find more love, comfort, and appreciation if they copied his act?
SNOWDEN TAKES THE FLAG... 
Time For Your Daily Dose Of Depressing Journalism News 
NY Times Reporter Injured In Iraq Helicopter Crash 
Thousands Of BuzzFeed Articles Have Disappeared 
A New Host On 'Meet The Press' Isn't Going To Solve Its Problems 
Is Facebook an Important Source or a Sweet Distraction? Has the evolution of those boring slide shows that grandparents used to relish turned into something more -- more human, perhaps?
Sharyl Attkisson 
Like an Old Soldier Maybe the Redskin's Mascot Will Slowly Fade Away When the \Redskin\ fans took a pig and painted it red and put a miniature feathered war bonnet on its head and proceeded to chase it around the football field at halftime, for me that was the straw that broke the camel's back.
Rumors Rumors are Lebanon's daily bread with legacy media and citizen journalists accused of fanning the flames amid domestic political unrest, economic uncertainty, and regional upheaval whose sparks are burning Lebanese fingers.
Fox News Host Challenges His Own Network's Reporting 
WATCH 
Right-Wing Reporter Jerome Corsi Promotes Film He Appears In It's all ridiculously blatant cheerleading, and WND is complicit -- what self-respecting news organization would let a so-called reporter present as a \news\ article gushing PR pieces on a film he appears in? It's a textbook example of how to violate journalistic ethics.
Western Media Failed Me and It Is Probably Failing You Too It amazes me that there is absolutely no coverage about the atrocities against the indigenous Christians of Iraq and Syria.
WATCH 
Whoopi Goldberg Tells Donald Trump What We Wish We Could 
Thousands Call For NYT To Stop Drug Testing Staff For Marijuana 
NBC News' Ayman Mohyeldin Is Taking Time Off Gaza Beat 
TMZ Says CNN Is Being Sued, But CNN Says It's 'Not Aware' Of A Lawsuit 
Bob Beckel Says Fox News Boss Is 'Not Happy' 
New York Times Discloses Previously Censored Detail About Missing Israeli Soldier 
Glenn Beck 
Russell Brand's Powerful Response To Sean Hannity 
Obama Calls It 'Torture,' But The Media Still Won't 
You Won't Believe What This CNN Host Said About Fox Website 
What's Stopping Media From Posting PII? Not Much I believe relatively soon we will all agree -- and write into national law -- that PII includes more than your Social Security number, and that name, address and ZIP should be not be shared on media sources or other public forums without extreme cause. T
Jon Stewart Wants Your Ideas For Rebuilding CNN 
Mother Of Detained Journalist Demands Answers 
Iran Reportedly Frees U.S.-Iranian, But Three Journalists Still Held 
Geraldo Rivera Slams Drudge For 'Disgusting' Take On Immigration 
Gaza in Social Media Images Speaks Volumes 
More Murdoch Editors Hit With Phone Hacking Charges 
Fox News Host Calls The Bachelorette A 'Slut' 
How to Stop Pissing Off Reporters If you don't have the opportunity or bandwidth to write, request to sit down with a journalist -- completely independent of any other agenda. Ask them what their day is like, what their job entails, what makes a good story for them and so on.
(VIDEO) Hearst is Building a \Netflix Model\ Around Magazine Video Content 
(VIDEO) If \Content Is King,\ then \Distribution is Queen\ as Paid Media is Essential, Mindshare Entertainment Prez David Lang 
In Defense of David Let's face it
Joe Scarborough Infuriated By GOP Response To Obama's Impeachment 
Top Journalist Says He's Been 'Deeply Scarred' By The Horrors Of Gaza 
Detained Journalist For CNN Freed 
NY Times Editor 
Fox Panel Trashes Republicans On Border Crisis 
NY Times Really Wants You To Know It Wants To Legalize Pot 
The New York Times Will Continue Drug Testing Despite Pot Legalization Stance 
Bully/Nerd If a person is going to make an argument or declaration that includes facts or even just an effort to persuade, then they must at least adhere to the lowest common denominator of a written argument to be taken seriously.
War, Words, Vocabulary & Media Ethics 
Over 90 Percent of Marketers Are Not Confident In How They Are Measuring Content 
Storytelling Returns to Marketing With the continued fragmentation of media, we need to return to telling stories because it sets our message apart and helps our meaning ring clear amid the noise in the marketplace of attention.
LOOK 
Journalists Fear Nigeria Cracking Down On Media 
Sky News Apologizes For Awful Segment 
Wall Street Journal HACKED 
Alcoholism and Drug Addiction Are Treatable Diseases The Pine Ridge Reservation recently held an election to determine whether the sale of alcohol should be approved on the reservation. The majority of voters said \yes.\
NBC News Correspondent Ayman Mohyeldin Returning To Gaza 
Malaysian Airliner Shot Down, FedEx Charged Over Drug Shipments (VIDEO) We discussed the shooting down of Malaysian Airlines flight 17, the Russian-made Buk-M1 2 Missile System and the criminal charges against FedEx on The Weekend Show with Kenny Shelton Saturday July 19, 2014 on The Virginia Talk Radio Network.
Israel Sends Warning To Foreign Journalists 
This Could Be Rupert Murdoch's Next Big Deal 
Stephen Colbert Takes A Lesson From Fox News 
Russia Today Anchor Admits Spreading 'Lies' For Putin 
Newspaper Front Pages About Malaysian Plane Crash Are Absolutely Tragic 
Jill Abramson Smacks Down Questions About NYT Rumors 
Is the Media Selling or Telling There is an art of war and there is an art to selling war -- to one's own people, and the world at large.
The 'Today' Show The journalistic cowardice of peppy, preening, self-absorbed muppets is not a sign of a coming apocalypse. It is, however, a symptom of national decline. If you can't face the future with open eyes, you're probably afraid of where you're going.
Dear TSA Agents 
Fight Censorship In April of 2013, Tia Lessin and Carl Deal's film \Citizen Koch\ died an untimely death.  The film had sought to illustrate the role of Koch money in American electoral politics.
Journalist Swallows A Fly On Air In The Name Of The News 
Newspaper Reporters Get Some Very Grim News 
Here Are The 2014 Nominees For The News And Documentary Emmys 
Female TV Journalists Speak Out About Being Scrutinized Over Their Looks 
Top Chinese News Anchor Detained 
Bob Schieffer Is Not A Big Fan Of Selfies 
Yet Another Terrible Drudge Headline 
Outfoxing the Fox -- Looking Back 10 Years Later Fox's messaging that government is bad, that human nature is intrinsically more evil than good, that people should be afraid and paranoid, isn't journalism covering the news. It's a world view and narrative that is embedded in the identity and agenda of America's political right wing.
WATCH 
Fox News Tries To Scare Its Viewers And Fails Miserably 
Fox's New York Affiliate Wants To Focus On More Positive News Stories 
WATCH 
Can Digital Outlets Fill The Statehouse Coverage Gap? 
Rachel Maddow Laughs At John McCain's 'Amazing Moment' 
Jill Abramson Says She's Still Trying To Figure Out Why She Was Fired 
Two Reporters Hospitalized After Eating Super Spicy Burger 
Robert Redford Playing Dan Rather In New Movie 
Palestinian Killed In Israeli Airstrike On Journalists' Car 
Activist Fights With Reporter On Air, Says He Doesn't Know 'What The Hell He's Talking About' 
WATCH 
NYT Editor Announces Major Change 
This Is The Kind Of BS That Women In TV Have To Deal With 
A View from the 8th Decade 
Chuck Todd's Warning To GOP 
WATCH 
On Being a Foreign Correspondent 
(VIDEO) Breaking 
The Call to 'Restore' for This and Every July 4 
Disruptive Technology Merits Disruptive PR 
Where Did the Freedom Go? Fight for the Accessible Information Continues 
Jailed Al Jazeera Journalist Speaks Out On Twitter 
NPR's Diversity Problem 
Another News Outlet Is Using Robots 
Robo-Journo = Pulitzer? ven if that audience isn't willing to pay directly for content, membership packages allow newspapers to offer something different, an emotional connection with their core readers complemented by special deals and opportunities. Expect memberships to become a more common feature.
NYT's Public Editor Criticizes Paper's Iraq Coverage 
MSNBC Host Comes Down On Hillary Clinton 
'This Week' Panel Gets Into Heated Battle Over Iraq 
NY Times' Public Editor Criticizes Paper's Iraq Coverage 
Reading Rainbow's All-Star Kickstarter Sprint to $5 Million 
Putting Your Money Where Your Mouth Is It's true, most of us will never have the resources to be major financial players in political campaigns. Our advocacy lies in our voice, and in our wallets.
The New View? The New View
Mom and Boss Aren't Conflicting Titles There are plenty of legitimate questions on which to press Ms. Barra; I have asked my fair share of them and will continue to. What Mr. Lauer asked had no place in modern discourse. It disrespects parents and professionals alike.
Meredith Vieira Leaves Conan O'Brien Speechless 
Josh Earnest's First WH Briefing Didn't End So Well 
The Fine Print on Our Favorite Columnists While it is by no means exhaustive, this list includes a dozen of Grammarly's favorite print journalists from the English-speaking world in honor of National Columnists Day on June 23.
Barbara Walters Is ALREADY Returning To 'The View' 
Norah O'Donnell Grills Marco Rubio On Iraq Strategy 
Post-Dispatch Editor Speaks Out About Dumping George Will Column 
WATCH 
How the Media Devalue Women Wouldn\u2019t it be great if you could read an article about a woman\u2019s achievements and the first sentence was about her actions and not her shoes? The day the media start treating women as they would their male counterparts is when we can finally have a fair fight.
TV Reporter Robbed During Live Report On Robbery 
Why Can't the Media Just Ignore Dick Cheney? Dick Cheney has not the least amount of credibility on the Iraq situation, either this one or the one 11 years ago. He has audaciously illustrated time and again that he has no capacity for self-reflection, introspection, analysis or questioning on issues that involve life and death on a large-scale.
Newspaper Yanks George Will Column After Incendiary Rape Comments 
Chuck Todd's Incredibly Harsh Words For Obama 
Jon Stewart's Epic Donald Trump Takedown 
Former CNN Reporter To Become Queen Of Spain 
Tinder TV 
WATCH 
Egyptian Court Announces Verdict Date For Al Jazeera Journalists 
CNN's Dana Bash On Eric Cantor Interview 
South Dakota Media Should Take Off Its Blinders and Talk About the Mascot Issue That year Vernon Bellecourt and Michael Haney (both are now deceased) appeared at the opening game in Cleveland of the Cleveland Indians baseball team carrying a huge placard that read, 'We are human beings and not mascots for America's fun and games.'
Chelsea Manning Breaks Silence 
Iranian Journalist's Photo Triggers Major Reaction 
Shep Smith 
CNN Reporter Probably Wishes She Didn't Say That Out Loud 
How The Media Continues To Get Iraq Story Wrong 
CNN Crew Hit By Stun Grenades During World Cup Protest In Brazil 
The Man Behind the Mementos at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial The Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall is two years older than I am. For as long as I've known there was a Vietnam War, I've known that people leave objects at the Memorial.
Where There's a Will, There's No Way Perhaps George Will has other \points\ to make. Perhaps George Will has a different concept of \coveted status\ than much of the sane and compassionate world does.
Investigating Abuses at Unlicensed Religious Homes for Troubled Kids Abusive, unregulated religious homes still operate across the country, luring desperate parents with glossy brochures and promises of salvation for their troubled children.
Cable News Is Just As Polarized As You Thought It Was 
Eulogy for a Fledgling Who Took Flight I don't particularly remember saying goodbye to Tim. Once he'd pried Moynihan out of the editor's corner office, he had no reason to linger. Our lives would go on, we'd never share another word, let alone an adventure.
CNN Panel Criticizes Fox News' Bergdahl Report 
Fox News Star Assails 'Craven' GOP For Exploiting Bergdahl 
Phone Hacking Verdict Could Come This Week 
John McCain Gets Hammered By Fact-Checker 
#AOLBUILD Hosts theSkimm's Co-Founders 
It's Been One Year Since The Snowden Leaks 
The Envelope, Please! Announcing The First Annual 'Blurbie' Awards for Truly Ridiculous PR As a travel writer whose inbox is always jam-packed with profound and deeply moving press releases, it started me thinking. Wasn't it high time that the finest of these works earned the recognition they deserve?
PHOTOS 
WATCH 
Monica Lewinsky's Surprising Choice For Her First Interview In 10 Years 
WATCH 
MSNBC's Awkward Mixup 
CBS Reporter Celebrates 50 Years With The Network 
Social Media, Sedition, Sectarianism and Sisi Grip #AMF14 
Trial Of Al Jazeera Journalists Is Completely Surreal 
This Video Of A Reporter Being Detained Is Terrifying 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Al Jazeera Al Jazeera is a Qatari owned company reporting on American faults. Their concentration on the negative side of American life does not sit well with me.
WATCH 
Egypt's Free Press Takes A Hit 
Fox News Host SLAMS Missing Plane Movie 
Oh, New York Post 
WATCH 
Why Did Wikileaks Name 'Country X' When Glenn Greenwald Wouldn't? 
Trial Of Al Jazeera Journalists Gets More Unbelievable 
WATCH 
Two CNN Anchors Are Moving To New York 
CNN Host 
AP Editor Makes Huge Mistake 
National Review Writer's Horrendous Rape Column Sparks Backlash 
Remembering Arthur Gelb Arthur Gelb was a master builder, the Robert Moses of newspapering. His eyes danced when he told stories about dreaming up the multi-sectioned New York Times.
Under-Reported Memories Around Memorial Day The purpose of Memorial Day -- obviously enough -- is to remember our troops, past and present, with gratitude for their service. But what are those service-members themselves remembering?
Public Shaming Is the Not so New National Pastime As we berate the latest outrage in sudden maelstroms of social media and television shaming, we ultimately nudge ourselves towards a situation where we will be constantly monitored and we will like it.
LOOK 
REPORT 
These Interviews Helped Make Barbara Walters A Legend 
This Is What Happens When You Edit While Female 
Sulzberger 
Jill Abramson Never Pretended Work Was 'The Only Thing In Her Life' 
Jill Abramson and Carol Sutton When the bulletin crossed my cellphone Wednesday evening announcing that Jill Abramson -- The New York Times' first female executive editor -- had been fired, I couldn't helping thinking of another editor at another newspaper, one from here in Louisville.
REPORT 
The Reality Of Jill Abramson's Firing 
REPORT 
CBS Eyes 24 Hour Digital Channel 
Recognize This News Anchor Back In The Day? 
Lawrence O'Donnell Updates Viewers On Recovery 
How to Make the EU Elections Sexy We've come to use the word \sexy\ to describe politics. Sex sells, and in order to compete with everything else screaming for attention, politics must also be sold.
Elizabeth Raine and Belle Knox 
A Cultural Reverie on the New 9-11 Memorial Museum The lower Manhattan site has been cleaned up and a new mega-skyscraper has risen from the rubble. Not yet so for the American psyche.
Sterling's Lesson If anything, Donald Sterling's problems have cemented this warning for others. We know even private people have turned themselves into instant journalists in the world we live in, and you can't unring the bell of the digital revolution.
How a Night With Arianna Huffington Changed My Life (Also, She Smells Really Good) The day I accepted, Arianna was on The Colbert Report, and I was invited to attend along with the HuffPo staff. Afterward, she hugged me, put her hands on my shoulders, looked into my eyes and said, \We're going to change the world.\
Boy Scouts Rescue Ann Curry From Mountain 
WATCH 
Fox News Panel Slams #BringBackOurGirls 
LOOK 
IT'S BACK! 
Crisis on the Internet Next week, the FCC plans to propose new rules that its chairman claims will preserve the Internet as a free, fair and open communications medium for all. It seems far more likely that the rules will radically distort the medium by tilting Internet functioning even further in favor of the giant technology players.
The Don Sterling Apology That Didn't Happen I think the opportunity to say, \I'm sorry\ and \I am wrong\ is much easier when it is promptly admitted, then when it becomes cemented as a legacy.
'Meet The Press' Continues To Fall 
Get Ready Content is just one factor in a broader set of opportunities and challenges facing 2016 presidential campaigns. But delivery and consumption behaviors are changing by the hour. Visual rules the day.
ABC News Going All Out To Honor Barbara Walters 
Fox News Is Really Going Insane Now 
Will The Media Actually Cover Climate Change NOW? 
Grim News For Journalists 
Can Someone Please Explain Twitter to Me? When I read that Twitter was valued at \$39 billion and possibly $49 billion,\ I was at a loss. Someone please explain this to me.
Qatar Plans New Channel In Response To Al Jazeera Controversy 
Vladimir Putin's Incredibly Dubious 'Honor' To Journalists 
David Brock Urges CBS To Reopen Review Of Discredited Benghazi Report 
LOOK 
'Meet The Press' Draws More Scrutiny 
Heilemann, Halperin Going To Bloomberg 
WATCH 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 
Presidents, Products and Brands What lessons can we reflect on when pondering the every-four-year spectacle of the wrestling match between the Democratic and Republicans contenders, and what can those teachings tell us about branding in general?
When South Africa Called, We Answered Even as South Africa celebrates its 20th anniversary as a democracy with elections slated for next week, there has never been more rancor and anger in a land we all wanted to see as a true \rainbow nation.\
WATCH 
Putin's Internet Crackdown Just Got Worse 
The Drama of TV News If a network wants to, it can destroy a talent. If a network wants to fight for that talent, it can, and not just with wimpy press statements -- no one buys those -- but proving it with what they do with the talent.
Media Battle In Pakistan After Journalist Attack 
Eric Bolling Fires Back At Stephen Colbert 
Fox News Host 
Pro-Russian Separatists Take Over State TV Headquarters 
Bill O'Reilly Goes After Beyonc\u00e9 Again 
Let's Get Real We're living in a time where headlines about a 16-year-old girl being assaulted and killed by a classmate is shrunken by the sex life of Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott. How did we get here?
Amazing News For Amy Robach 
CNN Disputes Idea That Rahm Emanuel Had Editorial Control Over Documentary Series 
Bill O'Reilly On Cliven Bundy 
Good News For Time Warner Cable 
WATCH 
Vice Correspondent Released In Ukraine 
Reporter Speaks Out On NYPD Lawsuit Decision 
Clearing the Aereo Big media tries to ease its headaches through big lawsuits, but that strategy has backfired. A couple of suits, against Sony's Betamax and Cablevision's network DVR, resulted in landmark decisions against media companies and in favor of viewers.
Newspaper Article Accidentally Sums Up The Marijuana Legalization Debate 
Why Good Content Is a Must In the consumer dating scene, content is what gets you a second date. Content is the witty banter, discovery of mutual interests, and soul-baring that creates the bond.
Journalists Prepare To Run 
NBC News Makes Bizarre Move To Boost David Gregory's Ratings 
Glenn Greenwald Reacts To Pulitzer Prize 
David Brooks 
Magazine Faces Lawsuit For Racist Article 
Ouch, Natalie Morales 
