Southern Baptist Leader Who Said Abused Women Should Just Pray Is Removed From Post Paige Patterson was demoted to president emeritus after thousands of evangelical women signed a petition calling for his ouster.
Bishop Michael Curry \For a moment we were actually together, organized around love,\u201d Curry said.
Gay Man Says Pope Francis Told Him, \u2018God Made You Like That And Loves You Like That' His words, reportedly uttered in private, have been described as the most progressive remarks ever made by a modern pontiff about homosexuality.
Every Single Chilean Bishop Offers To Resign Over Country's Sex Abuse Scandal It's the first time all the bishops in one country have offered to step down over the church's sex abuse scandal.
Teen Claims He Visited Heaven During Near Death Experience Trenton McKinley is recovering from severe brain trauma after an accident.
Coffee Shop Refuses To Serve Man After Racist Rant Against Woman In Niqab The man turns to the counter and the server appears to ask him to leave. A male voice can be heard in the background yelling
TSA Tells Sikh Man To Remove Turban, Finds Out He's A Canadian Politician \u201cUltimately I was allowed to fly. But it was because of who I was, and that should not be the case,\u201d said Navdeep Bains.
Man Pleads Guilty To Bacon Vandalism Of Tennessee Islamic Center Charles Dwight Stout III admitted to vandalizing the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro with graffiti and strips of bacon.
Mormon Church To End Its Century-Long Relationship With The Boy Scouts Cub Scout and Boy Scout programs serve about 330,000 Mormon youth in the United States.
The Religious Imagery Stitched Throughout The 2018 Met Gala Some celebrities' nods to the religious theme were obvious. Others needed a closer look.
Catholic Priest Praised As 'Best Dressed Dude' At Met Gala For Just Living His Life Rev. James Martin, a Jesuit priest and author, took the comments in stride.
Waste Company Says It Found Possible Ancient Pope Relic In The Garbage Workers reportedly discovered a leather case containing a bone fragment while sorting through trash.
Chilean Clergy Abuse Victims Took Their Stories Of Survival To Pope Francis \u201cToday I have more hope in the future of our church,\ said Juan Carlos Cruz. \Even though the task is enormous.\u201d
Many Americans Prefer A 'Higher Power' To The God Of The Bible, Study Finds But only 10 percent say they don't believe in any spiritual force.
Pope Admits He Made 'Serious Errors' In Handling Chile Sex Abuse Allegations In a rare move, the pontiff is summoning all Chilean bishops to Rome to discuss the scandal.
Megachurch Pastor Abruptly Retires After Allegations Of Improper Conduct Go Public The Rev. Bill Hybels admitted he had been \u201cnaive\u201d at times.
Fewer Catholics Of All Ages Are Attending Mass, Gallup Study Finds Even older Catholics, who are typically more religiously committed, have stopped going to church as often.
Pennsylvania Diocese Releases Names Of 51 Clergy, Laypeople Accused Of Misconduct Bishop Lawrence T. Persico said he hopes it helps survivors heal old wounds.
Brazilian And Chinese-American Apostles Diversify Mormon Church Leadership The new appointments were announced during a historic general conference.
Pope Francis, In Easter Address, Says 'Defenseless' Being Killed In Holy Land His address comes two days after 15 Palestinians were gunned down on the Israeli-Gaza border.
Christian Devotees Around The World Re-Enact Jesus' Crucifixion Since medieval times, Christians have prepared for Easter with dramatic retellings of the suffering, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Southern Baptist Leader Resigns Over 'Morally Inappropriate Relationship' It's not clear who the other party in the relationship was.
After Children Marched For Their Lives, Pope Francis Urged Young People To \u2018Keep Shouting\u2019 At a solemn Palm Sunday service, the pope urged young people to not allow older generations to silence their voices.
Vatican Media Chief Resigns After Spreading Digitally Altered Photo Weeks after Pope Francis decried the spread of \fake news,\ the Vatican photo misrepresented his predecessor's views.
Vandalized Arizona Mosque Flooded With Support From Interfaith Allies \u201cIt\u2019s beautiful to see how two people\u2019s hate brought together hundreds of people in love,\u201d said the mosque's office manager.
'Love A Muslim' Day Letter Is A Poignant Answer To Hate Threats A letter campaign is encouraging violence against British Muslims. An activist wants to counter that hate with love, coffee and cake.
The Church Of Scientology Is Launching A TV Network \It's time for us to tell our story,\ the organization said.
Law Student Asked To Leave Bar For Wearing Turban A law student was told to remove his turban at a bar by staff claiming the establishment has a \u201cno headwear policy.\u201d Amrik
Pope Francis Denounces 'Fear' Politics Amid Global Anti-Immigrant Sentiments His comments come a week after anti-immigration candidates won big in Italy.
Pharrell's Adidas Holi Sneaker Collection Sparks Debate About Cultural Appropriation Adidas says the collection is inspired by the \magic and beauty\ of Holi, a Hindu spiritual festival.
Letter Revealing How Gandhi Really Felt About Christianity Is Sold For $50,000 In the letter, the Hindu leader muses on his beliefs about Jesus.
Billy Graham Laid To Rest At Funeral Attended By Trump, Prominent Evangelicals Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and hundreds of others attended the service.
How To Appreciate \u2014 Not Appropriate \u2014 Holi Celebrations Don\u2019t dilute Holi as a \u201cColor Run\u201d or just do it for the \u2018gram.
27 Catholic Problems That Are Hilariously Relatable \You know you're Catholic when you genuflect before you go into a row at a movie theater.\
27 Colorful Photos That Show The Joy Of Holi In India The Hindu religious festival is filled with meaning.
New Jersey's First Sikh Mayor Says He's Received Death Threats Hoboken's City Hall is stepping up security after a breach at Mayor Ravi Bhalla's office.
Photos Of Billy Graham Through The Years Show How He Became 'America's Pastor' The famous evangelist died on Wednesday at the age of 99.
Billy Graham, 'America's Pastor' And Noted Evangelist, Dead At 99 He believed that all men were lost and would face God's judgment.
Christians Wrestle With Billy Graham's Legacy \An imperfect but devoted servant whose preaching pointed so many to Jesus.\
Sikh Uber Driver Claims Passenger Pulled Gun On Him, Said, 'I Hate Turban People' Gurjeet Singh says he is traumatized, the Sikh Coalition reports.
Sikh Activist's Campaign A Reminder That Love Can Be A Force For Justice \The greatest social movements in history were rooted in the ethic of love,\ says Valarie Kaur.
French Bishop Declares Nun's Recovery A Lourdes Miracle Bernadette Moriau said she was able to walk for the first time in decades after visiting the shrine.
Evangelical Leaders Join Forces To Urge Protection For Dreamers And Refugees \Jesus calls us to love our neighbor,\ said Ruth Velasquez, a Christian Dreamer.
Letter To Pope Ties Bishop To Sex Abuse That Francis Denied Knowing About The 2015 letter contradicts the pope's claim that there was no evidence linking the controversial Chilean bishop to a coverup.
Protesting While Muslim Comes With Its Own Set Of Judgments A Muslim activist wonders if civil disobedience is really open to all citizens.
Pope Sends Vatican Investigator To Meet Controversial Chilean Bishop's Accusers Francis had previously called the accusations against Bishop Juan Barros \slander.\
Pope Francis Urges European Countries To Do More To Combat Anti-Semitism \u201cIndifference is a virus,\ the pope said.
Allies Form Human Chain Around Muslims Praying During Travel Ban Protest \u201cIt\u2019s what we should do as Americans,\ said Rev. Dr. Chloe Breyer, executive director of the Interfaith Center of New York.
Pope Francis Condemns Spread Of Fake News As Evil The pope released the message on the Catholic feast day for journalists.
Satanic Temple Religious Challenge To Missouri Abortion Law Heads To Court \Mary Doe\ argues that the law is based on a religious ideology contrary to her own.
Franklin Graham Praises Trump As Staunch Defender Of Christianity The pastor said Trump \defends the Christian faith more than any president in my lifetime.\
Pope Francis Compares Gossiping Nuns To Terrorists He says they're worse than Shining Path guerrillas.
Clergy Abuse Advocates Fear Pope Francis Is Making It Harder For Victims To Speak Up With his defense of a controversial bishop in Chile, he's \re-victimizing every single child victim and putting himself in the abuser\u2019s shoes.\u201d
Pope Accuses Clergy Sex Abuse Victims Of Slander The victims claim Bishop Juan Barros protected a pedophile priest.
Mormon Church Confirms New Leader In Live Broadcast Russell M. Nelson, 93, is expected to continue upholding the church's conservative doctrines.
Pope Francis Says 'Doubts And Fears' Should Not Determine Response To Immigrants The people delivered his message Sunday during a special Mass to mark the World Day of Migrants and Refugees.
No Shitholes In The Eyes Of Jesus When God put Jesus in Mary's womb, He knew He would be from Nazareth. And He knew that Nathanael would proclaim, \Nazareth
Racism As A Treacherous Denial Of The Existence Of God It has been astounding and disturbing to observe the silence of Republican leaders on the dastardly statement the president
Each And Both The life of a non-profit (like Interfaith Alliance) can be like a Venn diagram. We work in coalition with all sorts of groups
Remembering a Prophet I don\u2019t remember the first time I shook Thomas S. Monson\u2019s hand. I do remember his handshake was firm and that it enveloped
New York Times Responds To Backlash From Mormons Over Late Leader's Obit More than 160,000 people have signed a petition calling on the Times to apologize.
Pope Francis Calls For Ban On Nuclear Weapons He noted that the Holy See was among 122 states that last year agreed to a UN treaty to ban nuclear weapons.
Public School Ends Bible Giveaway Tradition After Humanists File Complaint \u201cAnyone ... can see that the purpose of this is to promote Christianity,\ said a lawyer for the legal branch of the American Humanist Association.
Mormon President Thomas Monson Dies At 90 He had presided over the church since 2008.
Arkansas Mosque Pays Fines For Man Who Helped Vandalize Its Building \u201cThat\u2019s how we treat people in Islam,\u201d said Hisham Yasin, of Masjid Al Salam.
Defining What It Means To Be Religious Ever since we learned that 80 percent of self-described \u201cborn-again\u201d Christians supported Donald Trump\u2019s candidacy for president
Pope Uses Christmas Eve Message To Urge Respect For Migrants The pontiff said no one should \have to feel that there is no room for them on this earth.\u201d
This Christmas, Have A Nice Day In search of the correct holiday greeting.
Cardinal Law's Papal Sendoff Shows Church's Laxity On Sex Abuse Scandal I do not think that Law deserves an express train to heaven or the welcoming arms of the Redeemer, who had very harsh words for anyone who harms children.
Evangelical Pastor Reveals Why He Quit Trump's Advisory Board So Soon The Rev. A.R. Bernard urged fellow evangelicals to \walk away\ from Trump if he goes against their convictions.
Cardinal Bernard Law, Boston Archbishop Who Was Forced To Resign Over Clergy Sex Abuse Scandal, Dead At 86 Prior to his resignation, Law spent two decades as one of the highest-ranking Catholic officials in the United States.
Yale Humanists Seek To Unite New Haven Community With Holiday Obelisk The group hopes the \Lighthouse\ will inspire people of all faiths -- and no faith.
Despite Social Liberalization At Home, Saudi Arabia Continues To Promote Islamic Radicalism Abroad Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have attacked their neighbor, Qatar, for supposedly supporting terrorism. They
The Most Imaginative And Awe-Inspiring Christmas Trees Of 2017 From clouds of floating words to recycled plastic bottles, here are 22 creative symbols of light in the middle of darkness.
More People Are Celebrating Christmas Without Religion From holy night to holly jolly Christmas.
British Pastors, Politicians Want To Stop U.S. Evangelist From Preaching In Their Town Franklin Graham is facing vocal opposition to his U.K. visit for his bigoted rhetoric.
Will Religious Freedom Advocates Oppose Roy Moore? Next week, the people of Alabama may elect an alleged (but based on numerous, credible reports) pedophile to the US Senate
Boston-Area Church Lists Mass Shootings Behind Its Nativity Scene They\u2019re hoping to spark change, the pastor said, because \this is not the picture of Christmas peace.\
A Star of the Abrahamic Faiths We live in contradictory and confusing times
How Many Mormons \u201cJust Believe\ In Their Church's Teachings? One of the most significant trends in American religion today is the growth of the \u201cNones\u201d and the slow but steady secularization
Struggling With A God Who Allows Chaos I grew up believing that God wanted order and peace. Even though bad things were going on in the world, I was assured by
We\u2019ve Been Here All Along The exclusion of Asian and Asian American Buddhists from conversations on American Buddhism is cultural appropriation.
Once Again, The Right Hijacks That Old-Time Religion In Babylon on the Potomac recently, the brand new, $500 million Museum of the Bible had its grand opening. Donald Trump did
What Will We Do? A Faithful Response To Poverty In Advent Did you ever have one of those bracelets that said \u201cWhat Would Jesus Do?\u201d Maybe a bumper sticker? Did you get the T-shirt
2017's Holiday Ads Will Make You Feel All Warm And Fuzzy Inside They'll undoubtedly get you into the festive spirit.
Exposing America's Biggest Hypocrites It\u2019s okay to prey as long as you pray.
This Thanksgiving, American Muslims Are Thankful For Allies Publicly And Vocally Speaking Out, Showing Up While some may try to divide us along religious lines, we are and always will be united as Americans.
A Litany Of Thanksgiving On this Thanksgiving, I share again the beautiful prayer of great black theologian Howard Thurman, \u201cA Litany of Thanksgiving
Sobibor Mystery Pendant Sparks Family Reunion 76 years ago this week, Karolina Cohn was torn from her Frankfurt home and deported in a cattle car for a harrowing journey
When Patriotism Becomes Idolatry More often than not, what Christians think of as \u201cpatriotism\u201d is what God defines as being \u201cidolatry.\u201d Jesus once said \u201crender
Repent And Believe In The Gospel! Over 300 Christian Theologians Challenge The Corruption Of U.S. Christianity The Boston Declaration, condemning the abuse of the Christian faith by many conservatives today, was just written, signed
Roy Moore Is Guilty Of Abusing Girls And Religion Roy Moore is guilty of sex assault and abusing Christianity and language about God.
Pope Francis Condemns Growing Healthcare Inequality In Wealthy Countries The pontiff said governments have a duty to protect everyone.
Hate Doesn\u2019t Belong In Texas Courts \u2014 Or Anywhere Else Let me start by saying I am unapologetically Christian, pro-faith and progressive! It is because of my faith that \u201cbelieve
Alabama Pastor Won't Believe Allegations Against Roy Moore Unless He Admits It Himself \If he says he didn\u2019t do it, I believe it,\u201d Dr. Michael Allison said of the sexual assault accusations.
Alabama Clergy Supporting Roy Moore Shows Crisis In Christianity Moore has been a problematic candidate from the start.
Texas Church Is Transformed Into Poignant Memorial For Mass Shooting Victims Pews were replaced with 26 handcrafted chairs that marked where worshippers were slain.
'My Heart Breaks' Last Sunday, members of First Baptist Church were gunned down in their pews. This Sunday, survivors worshipped under a tent.
As A Priest, Here's Why Thoughts And Prayers Are Not Enough The critique is not their prayers.
Guns And Prayers Talk is cheap. But not all prayer is.
Americans Who Identify As Spiritual Feel More Gratitude And Life Satisfaction A new report finds that even religion doesn't guarantee life satisfaction if it isn't undergirded by spirituality.
Bullied For Wearing A Turban Bullying in America is a serious public health concern, with one in five schoolchildren experiencing the negative consequences
Episcopal Bishops Challenge Idolatry Of Violence In the wake of yet another horrific outbreak of gun violence \u2014 this time in Sutherland Springs, Texas \u2014 trending hashtags
I Say Allahu Akbar. I Am Not A Terrorist. Any religious book can be misunderstood and misrepresented.
Even Pope Francis Falls Asleep Sometimes While He's Praying \ud83d\ude34  \ud83d\ude34  \ud83d\ude34
Progressive Christians At one Lutheran church I attended in DC, the pastor sat down with new members and said denominational differences don\u2019t matter
Why Do Religious Immigrant Communities Protect Predators? It was a normal Sunday, nothing that would make it stand out from the 100s of other Sundays that came before it. But on that
Network Faces Backlash After Putting White Woman In 'Brownface' To Appear Muslim The documentary aimed to portray the experience of being Muslim in the UK.
The Marin California Church That Opened Its Doors (Even) For My Family \u201cEveryone has problems,\u201d I hear. Then why must we feel so alone in them? I wonder. Like the recent devastating fires in Northern
Dear Aleksandra Cybulska I just read about your designation as a Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem, the Jerusalem-based Holocaust museum and
We Can And Must Win For Children! The Trump administration is behaving in ways that will imperil American children for years to come.
Jesus And Politics Some Christians are making political commitments that Jesus would hesitate to call, well, Christian. Let me explain by way
#MeToo I personally know of dozens of women who stayed in relationships because of this kind of gross manipulation.
Two Sex Educators On Confronting Taboo Topics In The Classroom Hundreds of miles apart, educators Emily Feher and Melanie Lucash aren't shying away from sticky subjects.
Kumail Nanjiani's 'SNL' Monologue Somehow Hilariously Skewers Islamophobia Nanjiani says Islamophobia is currently \having a moment\ -- like \Will And Grace.\
Trump Threatens Both Nuclear War And The First Amendment It is time for Christian concern to step in here.
The God Of CSI Means, motive, opportunity. For detectives, nailing down those is the perp trifecta. In Las Vegas, the forensic postmortem
Faith Leaders Fight Back Against Trump's Attack On Birth Control In my faith tradition, among our core values are \u201cstrive for justice and respect the dignity of every human being.\u201d The ability
Here's How To Celebrate The Halloween Season Like An Actual Witch It's called Samhain, and it's coming to smash the patriarchy.
Automatic Sins Owning one of these instruments of death, given the havoc they\u2019re capable of inflicting, is an affront to God.
On Balancing Prayer And Action After National Tragedies \If we don\u2019t as a society remove the things that are causing needless suffering over and over again, we\u2019ve lost our moral and religious leadership.\
Our Great God Gun What do you imagine God thinks of all the calls for prayers for the victims of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S
Roy Moore Is A Threat To Religious Liberty On his Senate campaign website, Roy Moore says, \u201cReligious liberty is the civil rights issue of our time.\u201d But when Roy
How One Houston Synagogue Is Facing Yom Kippur After Hurricane Harvey On the Day of Atonement, members of the United Orthodox Synagogues will face a poignant time of reflection.
The Predictable Christian Backlash Against Taking A Knee The nature of protests against the government are disrespectful by intent, so the issue of the protest, not its nature, is what matters.
Guilty Of Good Grammar \u201cYou know the difference between \u2018your\u2019 and \u2018you\u2019re.\u2019\u201d That line shows up in a JDate profile. It\u2019s from the section where
The 15,000 Men And Women Of The Clergy Letter Project Support The First Amendment For All Americans, Including Athletes Although the First Amendment to the United States Constitution consists of only 107 words, it enshrines many critically important
Barbara Blaine Fought To Make The Church Safer For Children. She Will Be Missed. On September 24, the world became a little poorer. Barbara Blaine, who to me embodied the Catholic social justice gospel
Confronting White Supremacy In Christianity As A Christian South Asian by Serisha Iyar \u201cOh, really? I didn\u2019t expect that\u2026\u201d a puzzled reaction plenty of people have had after realizing that I\u2019m
Students Rejoice After Brigham Young University Begins Selling Caffeinated Soda \u201cBYU is about to get lit!\u201d
Public Theology And Taylor Swift It\u2019s confession time
The Christian Sideshow In Acts Of Terror By painting terrorist acts as \u201cIslamic,\u201d certain conservatives ping the religious zeal of their right-wing Christian followers.
For Conservative Christians, Is Engagement A One-Way Street? Conservative Christians frequently complain that progressives are intolerant of their views. We refuse to listen to them
God, We Are Sorry Dear God, We confess that we have sinned against you. Have mercy upon us and forgive us because we do earnestly repent and
Virginia Church Named For Robert E. Lee Agrees To Change Name \u201cCharlottesville seems to have moved us to this point,\ the church rector said, following two years of debate.
Hey Benham Brothers, Maybe The Message On The Winds Of The Hurricanes Is For You First Kings 19:12 (KJV)
Feinstein And Durbin Religious Bigots? The Washington Post\u2019s Michael Gerson is an excellent thinker. In fact, his columns have helped sustain at least one battered
Vatican Recalls U.S. Diplomat Over Possible Child Pornography Laws Violation The investigation serves a fresh blow to the Catholic Church amid ongoing sex abuse scandals.
Chaplain Who Said There\u2019s 'No Such Thing As Transgenderism' Now Says Obeying Constitution Serves Satan Is he just some lone, rogue chaplain whose statements should be dismissed? Not by a long shot.
7 Trends That Offer A Snapshot Of American Religion Today If the U.S. was once a white Christian nation, it is no longer.
Nun With A Chainsaw Clears Hurricane Irma Debris Like A Pro \u201cThere was a need. I had the means. So I wanted to help out,\u201d
Two Muslim Teens On Navigating Girlhood And Islamophobia In Their America Salsabel Fares and Arshia Hussain reflect on living and dreaming in Missouri and Minnesota.
Those Who Turn The Dreamers Away Are the True 'Sodomites' Contrary to popular belief, the scandal of the Biblical story of Sodom and Gomorrah had nothing to do with gay men; it had
In Case Of Emergency This is an emergency, and we need leadership.
Kirk Cameron Says God Sent Hurricane Irma To Make Americans Repent \Do we write it off as a statistical anomaly? Wow! Who would\u2019ve thought?\
9/11, Pearl Harbor And Christianity Like most Americans, I was mad on 9/11, and with good reason. Before coming to LaGrange College, I worked as a researcher
Steve Bannon's Thoughts On Catholic Bishops Reveal His Arrogant Ignorance The former White House advisor and self-identified Catholic veered close to technical heresy in a recent interview.
Why Do Bad Hurricanes Happen to Good People? Why do bad hurricanes and earthquakes happen to good people? And if we believe that G-d rewards good people, why does he
Managing Christianity Into Impotence The difference between managers and leaders lies in the conceptions they hold, deep in their psyches, of chaos and order.
Cardinal Dolan Calls DACA Termination 'Not Christian' And 'Not American' \u201c[Ending DACA] turns our beloved immigrants into political hockey pucks, and they shouldn\u2019t be.\u201d
Withdrawal From DACA Will Be Devastating Let us not forget that America was founded upon welcoming the stranger.
The Spirituality Of Protest \u201cIt is time for spiritual people to get active and the activist people to get spiritual. I think we need both now.\u00a0 In order
Robert E. Lee's Descendant Leaves Church After Denouncing White Supremacy \A faction of church members were concerned about my speech,\ he said.
When Did The Truth Become Optional For Evangelicals? If we're willing to settle for a society where the truth is something we no longer value in our political leaders, that\u2019s a problem for all of us.
Joel Osteen Tells Harvey Survivors Not To Have A \u2018Victim Mentality\u2019 The controversial pastor vowed God will \pay back what belongs to us.\
We're Not In Nashville Anymore Oh, Evangelicals, we will pray for you to find the path of righteousness.
People Of Faith, You Are 'The Resistance' The Bible offers guidance on how to respond to attempts at the consolidation of dangerous power.
On Holiest Day In Islamic Calendar, Houston Muslims Lend A Helping Hand \This is going to be an Eid we\u2019re never going to forget.\
This Holocaust Survivor Finally Got A Bar Mitzvah At 93, better late than never!
Aging Holocaust Survivors Lead To Urgency In Story Collection As our survivor population ages, we will be facing this level of loss more and more
Twitter Burns Joe Walsh For Claiming Charlie Hebdo Never Attacks Muslims \You know you can Google this s**t, right?\ one person asked.
Joel Osteen's Reaction To Tropical Storm Harvey Reveals The Pitfalls Of Prosperity Gospel Preaching that  God rewards in material excess inevitably ostracizes the \have-nots.\
Christian Resistance To Trump Is Growing As of yet, only one pastor has resigned from Trump\u2019s evangelical council, and this Tuesday, many evangelical pastors signed
Rex Tillerson's State Department Is Scrapping Key Obama-Era Religious Programs The Secretary of State will shrink the Office of Religion and Global Affairs, which is intended to cull inter-religious disputes and inform the State Department.
Why Jesus Would Want Us To Speak Out Against Prejudice By Reverend Rachel Kessler I have a confession
Coming Out As An Atheist A few weeks ago, on a breezy Saturday evening, my husband and I were spending time with our friend Israel in his apartment
Pro-Trump Catholics' Faustian Bargain Yields Bitter Fruit Last year, many Catholic bishops and cardinals essentially made a Faustian bargain
How Can A Person Of Science Believe In A God? Human beings are a species that constantly look for order and reason in the universe (we\u2019re looking at you Neil Degrasse
A Gospel Of White Supremacy Is Not The Gospel Of Christ If you believe that the cross is at the center of the gospel, but you refuse to listen to, sit with, lament, teach, or preach
Why This LGBT+ Christian Keeps Going To Southern Baptist Conferences Over the past five years, I\u2019ve continued to enter into non-affirming religious spaces.
When You Have No Faith In 'The System' Not long after Michael Brown was killed in Ferguson, I was at a meeting with other faith leaders. We were meeting to figure
Virginia Catholic Priest Opens Up About His Past In The Ku Klux Klan Father William Aitcheson called it a \bleak period\ in his life.
Let's Get Trump's Evangelical Council to Resign It\u2019s no secret that Donald Trump relies on his evangelical council to support him, especially when he is under heavy criticism
The Troubling Persistence Of The Hatred Of Black People The sound and the fury about the presence and the persistence of racism have been loud and boisterous from much of the public
Turning A Jesus Wept Moment Into A Teachable Moment It is now a week after the horrific events in Charlottesville. It has been a week full of news breaking faster than we can
What Christians SHOULD Be Saying About Charlottesville I\u2019m perplexed by intelligent, God-fearing, law-abiding Christians who are confused by what side of the line our faith should place us on.
What I've Been Missing Racism is more than how we feel about each other. It\u2019s how we\u2019ve ordered our common life. And I still have a lot to learn about that.
Please Take Sides \u201cI remember
Casting Zionism As 'White Nationalism' Is Anti-Semitism The left has too often allowed our critique of Israel to obscure the demands of our better angels.
Is The White Church the AntiChrist? Is the White Church the Anti-Christ? \u201cIf there is any contemporary meaning of the Antichrist (or \the principalities and
The Summer Of Our Public Jewishness For my new California driver\u2019s license photo, I wore my rainbow Star of David necklace. I\u2019ve acquired considerable symbolic
The Clergy Letter Project, More Than 14,000 Clergy Members Strong, Condemns White Supremacism We urge others, particularly politicians, to join us in making it clear that this is absolutely unacceptable.
Human Nature Unleashed If you sleep with evil, you will certainly get at least some it on you.
Confronting #WhiteSupremacy With #RevolutionaryLove I am horrified at the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. And I pray for the families of the two police officers who died
A Priest's Confession You are racist, too.
Christians Must Resist White Supremacy A person\u2019s right to protest does not allow them to seek the subjugation of others.
Does Romans 13 Give The President The Right To Nuke North Korea? Let any who doubt the lamentable state of theological education among Christians in America consider this fact
Our Sex-Obsessed American Prophets In his 2002 book War Is a Force that Gives Us Meaning, war correspondent Chris Hedges argued that there\u2019s something alluring
Stephen Colbert Asks God Whether He Really Gave Trump Authority To 'Take Out' Kim Jong Un The late-night host once again finds himself pointing out some absurd religious hypocrisy.
Why Robert Jeffress Is Wrong About Romans 13 (And North Korea) His use of this passage to support military action is a dangerous misinterpretation of what the Bible actually says.
5 Ways Faith Can Reduce Bullying And Empower Victims \u201cDon't laugh at me, Don't call me names, Don't get your pleasure from my pain. In God's eyes we're all the same, Someday
August 9 August 9th is a good time to remember that the United States has an addiction, and an affliction, of violence.
My Christian Faith Says 'No!' To Nuclear Provocation, Again As a Christian pastor and teacher, I strongly oppose nuclear weapons and the threats to use nuclear weapons. I also denounce
Without Fear, Without Hatred No human is my enemy, only the ideals that seek to divide us and destroy us.
At This Florida Church, Congregants Worship From The Comfort Of Their Cars A new short documentary illustrates a strange and beautiful microcosm of our high-tech world.
Muslim Family Says McDonald\u2019s Employees Stuffed Bacon In Their Sandwiches \u201cIt doesn\u2019t sound like a mistake, especially on 14 sandwiches,\u201d CAIR-Alabama's director said.
I\u2019m An Evangelical And I Support A Transgender Person's Right To Serve In The Military Pretending that you are compassionate when advocating to deny a right to someone is destructive.
Idiot Islamophobes Mistake Empty Bus Seats For Burqa-Wearing Women \You never know who is underneath. Maybe terrorists with weapons.\
Challenging Richard Dawkins The damage Dawkins has done is cultural rather than personal.
8 Things To Know About Lughnasadh, This Month's Pagan Harvest Festival The holiday honors Lugh, the Celtic god of light.
Clergywomen Rising Women ministers are making dramatic strides in achieving equal pay with male clergy. The gender pay gap shrunk from women
Trump Exposes Hypocrisy In His Religious Voters As faith leaders coalesce around a seemingly amoral president, they reveal the frailty in their causes.
Why Justin Bieber Should Start A Church He just might save it.
Muslim Workers Claim They Were Forced To Choose Between Keeping Religion or Job The men asked to switch their meal time so that they could participate in a Ramadan tradition.
Why Religious Freedom Advocates Should Be Concerned About Sam Brownback With Sam Brownback\u2019s appointment as U.S. International Religious Freedom Ambassador (IRF), many religious freedom advocates
The Meaning of Lughnasadh for Neo-Pagans On August 1st, Neo-Pagans in the Northern Hemisphere celebrate High Summer, also called \u201cLughnasadh\u201d (after an ancient Irish
Behind The Bigotry Of Anti-Transgender Discrimination We live in an era of hatred and intolerance directed against those who do not conform to an increasingly archaic set of \u201cnorms
An Open Letter To Andrew Locker And His Racist Snaps Of An Innocent Sikh Passenger by\u00a0Tina Lapsia\u00a0and\u00a0Fatima Ahmed The following open letter is to Andrew Locker, a student from Charlottesville, Indiana, in
Speak Up For Health Care Someone's mom needs cancer medicine. Someone else's baby will die without health care.
Mary Magdalene On 22 July each year, the Christian community venerates a saint who is the single best argument for why women should be priests
Keep Working And Never Ever Give Up! What a week it\u2019s been. It\u2019s hard to conceive that despite opposition from hundreds of organizations including the American
Attention Politicians We encourage all people of faith and good conscience to join us in speaking out against this bullying bathroom bill.
Trump And The Catholic Schism No religion can survive long, or fruitfully, in fundamental conflict with the culture of its time.
White Men And The Displacement Of The Sovereign God In the beginning, presumably and according to our Sunday School lessons, was God, and this God created everything\u2026 and everything
God Is A Feminist! Too often, the term \u201cfeminist\u201d gets co-opted to mean something that it is not. In the minds of its opponents, \u201cfeminist\u201d and
The Worship Of Personal Responsibility The Senate\u2019s iffy vote on Health Care Reform has been delayed once again, ironically over the health of one of the \u201cyes\u201d votes
5 Signs You\u2019re Reading The Bible Wrong Growing up my nightly bedtime routine consisted of pulling down my black leather King James Bible and turning to Psalm 23
#NeverthelessShePersisted In these times, the Rev. Jennifer Butler, CEO of Faith in Public Life, as well as other faith leaders, is standing for life
Progressive Christians Need To Take A Stand Against Pence And Trump By now, we know that roughly 81% of white evangelicals voted for Trump and his administration, and according to Pew Research
What\u2019s A Practicing Catholic With Celiac Disease To Do? On June 15, 2017, the Vatican issued a reiteration of Church doctrine that stipulates that there has to be wheat in communion
Global Hijabista Style, From The Afghan Burqa To The Cover Of A Fashion Magazine Carol Mann, Universit\u00e9 Paris 8 \u2013 Vincennes Saint-Denis July 12 is National Hijab Day in Iran, a celebration that has been
Nuns And Advocates Protest Planned Pipeline By Erecting A Chapel In Its Path The sisters say the project violates their religious conviction that the Earth is sacred.
I Don't Want To Call Myself A Christian Anymore I'm not going to show up at church on Sunday, talk about God with a bunch of people just like me, and pretend that makes me a good Christian, or even a good person.
Sikhs Save City's Fourth Of July Fireworks Show With $10,000 Donation \u201cAmerican values are Sikh values.\
Reflecting On Religious Freedom This Independence Day Just two days ago, Donald Trump vowed to defend and support religious freedom. As he spoke to a a group of Evangelical Christians
When Gospel Sermons Came On The Phonograph By Jerry Zolten, Pennsylvania State University \u201cKinky Hair is No Disgrace\u201d spoke to demoralization stemming from negative
Church Fear Of Scandal Hurts Abuse Victims In New York And Elsewhere This week, Cardinal George Pell, a high-ranking Vatican official, was summoned to his native Australia to face criminal charges
Is God Bloodthirsty? Imagine that you are surrounded by people who assume that you have to give acceptable sacrifices to the gods\u2014the gods who
This American Muslim Is Actually Seeking Out People Who Fear Him \I like to think we are all against the same things in America, [we] just really suck at communicating,\ said Aymann Ismail.
Why The Lord's Prayer Is Bad News For Many Christians Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name. Your kingdom come. Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this
How People Of Faith Can Make A Difference In The Health Care Debates These are basic choices that are not just political, but moral.
Doing Better At Intersectionality A world without intersectionality is a world in which we can\u2019t see the big picture, a world in which we cannot be our authentic selves.
Missing In Action -- Where Was The U.S. Women's Movement On Justice For Nabra Hassanen? If an organization has concerned itself with the rights of women in majority Muslim countries but ignored the rights, dignity and safety of Muslim women in their own backyard, we have to ask why that is.
More Power For Catholic Bishops? Not So Fast Giving more autonomy to Catholic bishops might make things worse, not better, at least for progressive Catholics.
Blood On Their Hands How can anyone think this is just, that this is right in a democracy that is supposed to function for all people?
Ramadan Moments That I Will Miss I will miss the times when we were at the mosque for Taraweeh, the nightly Ramadan prayers, and lost ourselves in beauty of the recitation.
On The Outside Looking In \u201cYou don\u2019t know my name. You don\u2019t know anything about me. The things that you say, you may think I never hear about them
America Needs An Anti-Semitism Monitor At The State Department The State Department is making a big mistake in putting off a decision on the appointment of a Special Envoy to Monitor and
ICE Violates First Amendment Rights Of 60 Faith Leaders And Attorneys To commemorate World Refugee Day (Tuesday, June 20th), Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement (CIVIC
Is The Western Wall A Kind Of Idolatry? An Invitation I will not stop going to the Wall. The Shekhina probably feels more abandoned now than it has in the past 50
Israel Freezes Plan For Mixed-Gender Prayer Space At Western Wall The government bowed to opposition from Orthodox Jewish politicians.
Another Violent Ramadan Imagine celebrating Hanukah, Christmas, Diwali or Easter in a political and social climate strewn with such hatred.
A Very Bad, No-Good, Rotten Day For Zionism After decades of political brinkmanship and hand-wringing, countless tears and letters and protests and arrests, after multiple
California Mosques Hit By Possible Hate Crimes During Last Days Of Ramadan In one case, a burned Quran filled with bacon was found handcuffed to a fence outside a Sacramento mosque on Saturday.
Bill Maher, You Should Have Been At The Pakistan Embassy This Week Political commentator Bill Maher, his voice dripping with the vitriol which he reserves for Islam, made the claim last week
FIGHT FEAR Give justice to the weak and the fatherless; maintain the right of the afflicted and the destitute. Rescue the weak and the
Prayers For A More Just Nation Might it be that this land with all of its richness, with all of its opportunity for true greatness, its opportunity to present
Water Is Sacred, Join The Sisters Of Mercy In Prayer And Action To Protect This Precious Gift Disturbed and distressed
Campaign Raises Thousands To Support Family Of Murdered Muslim Teen Nabra Hassanen was walking with friends after Ramadan prayers when she was murdered.
Religion And Gambling Jimmy Carter, the 86-year-old leader of The Blind Boys of Alabama, made one point clear from the start of a recent concert
Are You Too Materialistic? It depends on what a given material object stands for.
The Luxury In Ambiguity I first heard the expression, \u201cbread and circuses\u201d in 11th grade European History during a unit about Ancient Rome. A political
Sharing Ramadan Iftar With Oklahoma Elected Officials This was a wonderful antidote to the worries that go along with life in our Red state.
Is Allegiance To White Supremacy Greater Than Allegiance To God? After Reconstruction \u2013 the \u201cfirst\u201d Reconstruction that occurred after the Civil War, there was a furious rush by white supremacists
The Moral Uses Of Cursing Link to image souce Cursing is not always profane. In fact, we may have reached a moment where the deliberate destruction
Pence, Catholic Leaders Share Narrow Vision Of Faith At Prayer Breakfast While billed as nonpartisan, the breakfast has been far friendlier to GOP leaders.
New York City Refuses To Be Divided By Hate Group March As proud Americans we fervently believe in the free exercise of religion \u2015 indeed, all religions.
Generational Gaps I moved to the United States from India when I was 5 years old. My parents were older and more set in their ways due to their
I Am A Hijabi Feminist Hijab is a symbol of empowerment.
The Stories of Us Her brown eyes were not gazing into mine. She was taking in the four of us at the table. Greeting us with a smile of recognition
A Leap Of Faiths As a white, American-born, new Muslim the hostile social pressure that\u2019s constantly pelting me like rocks should be breaking
Trump\u2019s First Ramadan Iftar When Trump spoke, he aimed to reset the US\u2019s relationship with the Muslim world, but actions speak louder than words.
How Apocalypticism Strengthens The Evangelical Affinity For Trumpism Apocalyptic resonances within Trumpism made the man and his message especially palatable.
Race Is At The Heart Of The New Faith-Driven Environmental Justice Ilgin Beygo Yorulmaz\u00a0is a reporter for\u00a0Auburn Voices\u00a0\u2015 a media platform by Auburn Seminary for the multi-faith movement for
'Terrorism Has No Religion' \u201cIt shouldn\u2019t even have to be said, but this is not Islam,\ one Islamic charity group wrote.
Explain To Me Again How It Is You're Not A Hater? If you say, \u201cI\u2019m an auto mechanic,\u201d I might respond by saying, \u201cHmmm\u2026 I didn\u2019t know that.\u201d \u201cYep. I\u2019m an auto mechanic.\u201d \u201cReally
Science U.S. clergy may be increasing the sting of death for many members of their flocks. Two new studies find that many clergy
From Syria To Los Angeles Rudayna Aksh and her daughter Dalya Zeno fled from Aleppo to Los Angeles in 2012 and moved in with Rudayna\u2019s son Mustafa
Muslims Of America Actions are according to intentions, and everyone will get what was intended. Whoever migrates with an intention for Allah
Manchester bomber was motivated to commit terrorism by hate preachers, not religion The anti-Islam bandwagon has resurfaced led by bigoted commentators and a whole host of Islamophobes on social media. They
Proud To Be An American, Proud To Be Sikh The misconception of Sikhs could not be farther from the truth. Our story is a deeply American story.
A Holiday In Memoriam - To Celebrate or To Mourn? As Memorial Day Weekend in the U.S. approaches, I find myself thinking about the wars we continue to fight as a country both abroad and at home.
Muslim Writer Schools Troll Who Told Him To Take Off His 'Stupid Hijab' Qasim Rashid showed some of the awesome hats he's worn over the years.
Holocaust Survivor Receives High School Diploma At Age 88 Of all the things Esther Begam says she regretted in life, it was never finishing school.
A New Era Begins The Baha\u2019i Era began 174 years ago, in 1844 CE, when the Bab announced His mission to a young Shaykhi named Mulla Husayn
Radical Ideas Muslims Celebrate In Ramadan Ramadan is a time of selfless devotion and a month of above-ordinary worship. It is time of taking a spiritual inventory
To Reach Peace, We Must Teach Peace \u201cIf we are to reach real peace in this world,\u201d Mahatma Gandhi said in 1931, \u201cwe shall have to begin with children.\u201d Given
Muslim Americans Have Some Advice For Trump On His Islam Speech Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia has serious potential for disaster.
How ISIS Continues To Justify The Use Of Human Shields The obligation of jihad overshadows the enjoinder to not kill Muslims.
Did Begin's Revolution Sour American Jews on Israel? Loyalty doesn\u2019t require uniformity, merely a capacity to respect difference. The hoopla - and anxiety \u2013 building toward the
One Reason Why Evangelicals Won\u2019t Abandon Or Protest Trump A few weeks after the 2016 election, after I had been posting action items for my Facebook friends in order start mounting
Gather Ye Women Of Faith The following is a guest post by Jenny Katz, the Volunteer Coordinator at Civic Works, an organization whose mission is to
Incompetent Or A Crook? Many years ago while living in Texas there was a mayor\u2019s race between one candidate who called the other candidate a crook
Christians In The U.S. Are Not Persecuted An Intersectional theological response
Simple Ways To Have A Healthy Ramadan This Year Ramadan is the month of fasting, Quran, extra good deeds and worship for Muslims. In the United States, with Ramadan occurring
Stephen Fry Spared Blasphemy Charges Over Calling God A \u2018Maniac\u2019 Police in Ireland said they were unable to find enough people outraged over his remarks made in 2015.
Stephen Fry Reportedly Faces Blasphemy Probe After Calling God A 'Maniac' The English comedian and atheist  made the comments two years ago on an Irish TV program.
When Is A Religion \u2018Extremist\u2019? Governments who support \u201creligious freedom\u201d over the equal human rights and dignity of others condone, and even endorse discrimination.
Christian Twitter Is Calling Out The Hypocrisy Of New Health Care Bill \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
Now Is The Time For Moral Courage! \u2018Lord, when was it that we saw you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison, and did not take care of
Archbishop Finds Evil Lurking ... in the Girl Scouts Sometimes I wonder whether the Catholic bishops in the U.S. stay up late trying to provide me material for my blogs. I guess
In Rejecting Gay Bishop, Methodist Court Shows The Folly Of Relying On Scripture For Moral Guidance The United Methodist\u2019s Judicial Council, its highest court, has declared that the consecration of Bishop Karen Oliveto violated
Lessons From A Condemned Man's Last Meal Ledell Lee ate his last meal on April 20. Officials of the Arkansas Department of Corrections executed him by lethal injection
Why Pride And Courage Are The Keys To The Jewish People\u2019s Future This article was first published in The Jerusalem Post. \u201cSuccess is not final, failure is not fatal
My Problem With Millennial Christians, From A Fellow Millennial Christian Baby boomers, Gen X\u2019ers, and non-Christians are not off the hook. The whole of humanity needs this lesson. But I\u2019m directing
New Study Shows Anti-Semitism Soared Last Year And it's only gotten worse early in 2017, according to the Anti-Defamation League
For Some, Every Day Is Holocaust Remembrance Day Holocaust survivors are witness to how discrimination, resentment, and hostility can easily turn into behaviors and deeds.
Christians, It's Time To Care About Our Planet I was raised in the church, \u00a0home schooled by (then) Republican parents, and often heard from the pulpit growing up that
If You Think Science And Faith Are Opposed, Your God Is Too Small We have seen a deliberate and sustained effort to undermine respect for science.
'Are You A Jew? In 10 Minutes We Will Burn Your House Down.' If a trigger event happens in America, like it happened in Europe, how will we ensure that an entire group of people isn\u2019t blamed for another\u2019s action?
Immigrating To A New World For my birthday my wife Joy surprised me with a framed picture of my twenty-year-old mother Trudy. Someone had taken the
Living In The Balance God has given us the unique charge of caring for his creation.
Racism And 'The Other' My dad was a good guy. He never set out to hurt anything. I never heard him speak ill of anyone. He was also a Jewish man
Composting Religion As I don my vestments and stole to take part in ritual ceremonies of Holy Week, the most sacred liturgical moment of the
Transcending Interfaith Fear Minority faith communities are undergoing great stress in today\u2019s America. Over the past several months, Jewish cemeteries
Suspect Charged In Vandalism Of Jewish Community Center During Passover A church located a mile down the road was also defaced with anti-Semitic graffiti.
The Church\u2019s False Equivalence Comes Back To Haunt Catholicism Cardinal Donald Wuerl, Washington D.C. archbishop, said something to the Washington Post yesterday that screams false equivalence
Why I Gave Up Cynicism For Lent Twitter and Lent
The Passover Principle Year-after-year at my family\u2019s secular Seder, we follow the Jewish custom of retelling the ancient story of the exodus from
The Language Of The Ten Plagues Adam Hemmings is a graduate of the University of Chicago and the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London
Dalai Lama Hints At Rebirth As A Woman Outside China's Influence His reincarnation is  overshadowed by political maneuvering.
Recovering from Shame Woody Allen once said something like, \u201cMy one regret in life is that I am not someone else.\u201d Humor has a way of delivering
What Our Interfaith Seder Looks Like Born into a Catholic family with a Jewish surname, I should have expected I would one day find myself leading a Passover
Faith Based Activism The following is a guest post by Rida Bukhari-Rizvi, the Political Director at the Muslim Democratic Club. Bukhari-Rizvi
How To Stop The (Unfortunately Not Fake) News From Stealing Easter I want to celebrate Easter. I need to fling forth the flowery wreaths, hide the chocolate bunnies, and decorate the most
Married Priests And Female Deacons? What The Pope's Politics Look Like From Latin America Ver\u00f3nica Gim\u00e9nez B\u00e9liveau, University of Buenos Aires Priests are Catholicism\u2019s greatest figures
The Power In Walking Away I find peace in knowing where and who I now am.
Previously Undiscovered Manuscript Reveals Things Jesus Didn't Say \u201cGo ye therefore into all the world \u2026 and make sure everybody hates Muslims. Because obviously.\u201d
More Jewish Community Centers Receive Bomb Threats During Purim Holiday More than 80 Jewish centers have received at least 120 threats since the beginning of the year.
Nationalism Is Unchristian There does not appear to be any religious or theological basis for the borders of any country.
Reject The Refugee, Reject Jesus Christian love requires protecting others, including those within one\u2019s own nation.
If You Were Born Elsewhere, You\u2019d Have A Different Religion Have you ever seen a party conjurer playing the parlor game \u2018Geography Is Fate\u2019? In a large gathering he\u2019ll start to ask
Knowledge Of Jewish Tradition Can Fight Anti-Semitism In America Jewish institutions of all sorts across America have no choice but to be cautious.
What Have Muslims Done For America And The World? It\u2019s no secret that Islamophobia is at an all time high in the United States. This is (at least in part) thanks to President
Why Some Hindus Are Angry About Reza Aslan's CNN Show 'Believer' In the first episode, Aslan eats cooked human tissue with members of a fringe Hindu sect.
American Muslims Are Stepping Up To Help Jewish Community Defend Sacred Places \The Koran teaches us to defend mosques \u2015 it also teaches us to defend other churches, synagogues, cloisters or any house of worship.\u201d
CNN\u2019s 'Believer' Is Reckless, Racist And Dangerously Anti-Immigrant It is unbelievably callous and reckless of CNN to be pushing sensational and grotesque images of bearded brown men and their
Democratizing Evil The observation that a cloud of angry mistrust has descended upon this nation is so obvious as to be banal. Political partisanship
Every Episode Of Reza Aslan's 'Believer' Will Piss Somebody Off (And It's Awesome) \At one point or another, everyone\u2019s going to find something to be angry about.\
Sex Abuse Survivor Quits Pope's Commission, Citing 'Shameful' Resistance Collin praised the Pope's \genuine wish\ to root out abuse, but her resignation is an embarrassment to the Holy See.
Dear Christians Dear Christian, close your eyes. Don\u2019t pray just yet. Instead, reach deep into your memory. When was the last time you were
Honor Our Dead. Build On Love. To stand by an attack on my sister or brother is to be complicit in the act of hate.
As Anti-Semitic Acts Rise, So Should Our Leaders' Resolve Political leaders must respond through words and deeds, so the seeds of religious liberty planted by our founders can continue to flourish.
Tears For Zakir Khan I reached out to Khan when I was poor. However, he did not reach out to me when he became poor. In fact, I have received
Why As A Christian Leader I Am Choosing to Resist Our small, but growing, weekly demonstrations seem to have struck a chord with some of our neighbors.
Steve Bannon's Cardinal Pal Denies Being Posted To Guam Is Punishment From Pope A political battle is simmering in the Vatican, with arch-conservatives waiting in the wings.
Sorry Mr. Trump Do we have to wait until it is our daughter, son, partner or loved one that is victimized by hatred\u2019s effect?
Americans Rate Jews Highest, Muslims Lowest On 'Feeling Thermometer' But views of both have gotten better.
Islamophobic Flier Posted At Rutgers Drowned Out With A Message Of Love Staff members at a campus cultural center spread fliers that make Muslim students feel welcome.
Pope Francis Targeted In Fake News Attack At The Vatican The ersatz interview is the latest stratagem in conservatives\u2019 battle with the progressive pontiff.
Steve Bannon Undermining Pope Francis? What A Silly Notion Steve Bannon seems utterly ignorant of how institutional forms function.
Too Mormon, Or Not Mormon Enough? We may all be surprised to discover unexpected similarities in those we thought were so different, and we may find that the boundaries are not as firm as we expected them to be.
Anonymous Posters Criticizing Pope Appear In Rome \u201cWhere\u2019s your mercy?\u201d
Pope Francis Releases His Own Super Bowl Ad ... For World Peace Preach! \ud83d\ude4f
Jesus Loves Muslims! Shouldn't Trump? Like Jews and Christians, Muslims consider offering hospitality to strangers as a core religious principle.
The Ironic End Of American Religious Liberty The great irony of our current religious moment is that the once marginal groups that flourished as a result of the original
Evolution Weekend 
Christians And Jews Team Up To Help Muslims After Texas Mosque Fire \u201cJewish community members walked into my home and gave me a key to the synagogue.\
September 11 Families \This is not about protecting Americans. This is about bigotry.\
Vatican Issues First Comments On Trump's Immigration Ban Pope Francis has always supported immigrants and refugees.
Reza Aslan Blasts Paul Ryan, Descendant Of Immigrants, For Supporting Muslim Ban \You forgot where you came from.\u201d
19 Tweets That Show Just How Outraged People Of Faith Are About Trump's Muslim Ban Here's why they're not backing down.
Protests Over Trump\u2019s Executive Order Pause For Moments Of Prayer Demonstrators protesting the ban targeting refugees put down their signs for people to use as prayer mats.
If You See A Muslim At The Airport Show them you know they are not an enemy.
This Conservative Christian Is Not Scared Of Refugees, Even If Some Turn Out To Be Terrorists I don\u2019t understand how anyone, especially a Christian, can see those images and think, \u201cSorry, not my problem.\
Disappointed In 'Silence' Many of my students understand the motivations of the early Jesuits better than Martin Scorsese and Jay Cocks do, or at least
Position Statement On President Trump's Executive Order Regarding Religion And Entry To The United States Future generations will judge us harshly for the abandonment of the principles embraced by both this special day and America's unique place in the history of the world.
Thousands Of Religious Leaders Speak Out Against Trump's 'Extreme Vetting' Proposal \As people of faith, our values call us to welcome the stranger.\
Global Prayer Action For Standing Rock In case you haven\u2019t heard, the battle at Standing Rock is far from over with incoming Trump Administration. An issue that
Religious Leaders, Groups Are Appalled By Trump's Immigration Orders \u201cAs people of faith, when others choose to act out of fear, we choose welcome.\u201d
3 Reasons A Pro-Life White Guy Joined The Women\u2019s March Conservatives keep asking me how I could march with a pro-choice movement. Here's my rationale.
The Secret Behind Her Smile In reporting her death, Mary Tyler Moore\u2019s publicist wrote, \u201cShe turned the world on with her smile.\u201d What will they say
Mahershala Ali's Oscar Nod Is An Important Step For The Academy Ali, a Muslim, was nominated for an award this year.
For U.S. Sikhs, Decades Of Fighting For The Right To Serve Have Paid Off They'll no longer have to choose between serving and their faith.
Pope Francis Will 'Wait And See' Before Forming Opinion Of Trump He also warned against rising populism.
22 Powerful Posts From People Of Faith At The Women's March This is what praying with your feet looks like.
Women\u2019s March Dear Organizers of the Women\u2019s March. Dear Human Rights Watch! I am a female Arab academic who considers Islam to be her
Pope Francis Sends First Official Telegram To President Donald Trump The pope issued a pointed challenge.
Why These People Of Faith Are Marching For Women This Weekend \Prayer is meaningless unless it is subversive.\
Why Some Christians Will Be Praying At Mosques During Trump's Inauguration \u201cWe\u2019re here to remind our Muslim brothers and sisters that they belong here, and we love them.\u201d
Catholic Bishops Are Urging Congress To Halt Obamacare Repeal They were once some of the health care act's staunchest foes.
Why This Women's March Organizer Has Made Activism Her Life It's not Linda Sarsour's first rodeo.
Progressive Christians To Pray In Solidarity With Muslims At Mosques On Inauguration Day First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out.
Thousands Sign George Takei's Petition In Solidarity With Muslim Americans \It starts with a registry, with restrictions, with irrationally ascribed guilt, and with fear.\
More Than A Dozen Jewish Centers Hit With Anonymous Bomb Threats The calls to Jewish schools and centers in nine states all occurred within the span of one day.
8 Years Did Little To Sway White Evangelicals' Views On Obama Just 24 percent of them view him favorably as he prepares to leave office.
HBO Is About To Premiere A Series About An Attractive, Conniving Pope Watch out, Pope Francis.
The Bible Has No Place In Modern American Society What was Kim Burrell thinking? Didn\u2019t she know that we are living in an age characterized by the mythical Argos Panopt\u0113s
More Than Brick And Mortar And Country Club Houses 
Patiently Waiting (Sort Of) 
At Chanukah, Rededication to Our Values 
Watch These Christians End The Holiday Season With A Splash Here's how Christians in 12 countries celebrated Epiphany.
Evangelical Climate Scientist Explains Why Christians Should Care About The Environment \All of us respect wise stewardship when it comes to being in charge of something.\
Montana Town Celebrates Diversity Amid Threats Of An Armed Neo-Nazi March These Montanans are making sure love has the last word.
Reza Aslan On Why America Needs A Muslim 'Modern Family' \u201cThe only way you\u2019re going to dissipate ... fear is by getting people to know someone that they\u2019re afraid of.\
What Jesus Might Say If He Tweeted Like Donald Trump Stephen Colbert is starting 2017 off with some top-notch religious humor.
The Absence of Christianity in the Fight for Social and Economic Justice In 1962, the Second Vatican Council met to discuss the direction of the Catholic Church. Pope John XXIII insisted that Christians
Pope Tells Bishops To Practice Zero Tolerance For Child Sex Abuse \In this area, let us adhere, clearly and faithfully, to \u2018zero tolerance.'\
Being Jewish In the Age of Trump I believe that Jews can overcome fear and use this moment to condemn racism, sexism and xenophobia in all its forms.
Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher, Mortality And Us We\u2019re all here on Earth for about 10 minutes. OK, not 10 actual minutes. But relative to eternity, doesn\u2019t it seem like it\u2019s
Matthew 2:13-23:Significance of Jesus early years 
The 2016 Election 
11 Rituals for New Year's 
Pope Francis Condemns 'Plague Of Terrorism' In New Year's Address \u201cThe year will be good in the measure that each one of us, with the help of God, seeks to do good day after day,\u201d he told the crowd on a cold morning.
While You Were Asleep New Year's Day Morning, Muslims Waged Jihad On Your Streets Earlier, the youth group had tweeted about their passion for service to \u201cfaith, country & nation.\u201d And while the boys and
I'm A Salt Laker, And I'm Disappointed In The Mormon Tabernacle Choir There\u2019s not a lot involving Donald Trump that can surprise me anymore, but the fact that the Mormon Tabernacle Choir has
Why I Respectfully Disagree With The Mormon Tabernacle Choir\u2019s Decision To Perform At Donald Trump\u2019s Inauguration The Mormon Tabernacle Choir has accepted an invitation to sing at President-elect Trump\u2019s inauguration, immediately generating
A Period... And A Comma I can probably type between 85 and 100 words per minute, maybe more depending on the combination of words you throw at me
The NYPD Finally Allows Sikh Officers To Wear Turbans And Grow Beards \u201cThis is the pivotal moment we\u2019ve been waiting for,\u201d one Sikh officer said.
13 Powerful Essays From Progressive People Of Faith In 2016 Required reading for people of faith who are going into 2017 fighting.
Why I Embraced My Judaism Abroad, Instead Of Concealing It In the days leading up to my semester-long study abroad in Madrid, my parents started giving me \u201cthe talk.\u201d I knew it was
Martin Scorsese Brings 'Silence' To The Big Screen The wait is over. The long anticipated film adaptation of Japanese author, End\u014d Sh\u016bsaku\u2019s novel Silence by director, Martin
Pope Francis Uses Christmas Message To Offer Hope To Those 'Scarred By War' \u201cToday this message (of peace) goes out to the ends of the earth to reach all peoples.\
Baby Jesus and the War on Christmas 
Welcome to the Christmas Pageant Mr. Trump. 
Christmas Story Sidelines Mary's Humanity 
Woman Targeted In Islamophobic Attack Delivers Powerful Message To Her Assailant \It doesn\u2019t matter what\u2019s on my head. It doesn\u2019t matter the color of my skin,\ she said in court. \We\u2019re fighting for the same rights.\
The \u201cChristian State\u201d Captures The White House Though only 25.4 percent of U.S. Christians identify as evangelicals, the evangelical impact is profound and far-reaching
America's Secular Community Just Won A Significant Legal Victory A religious freedom law strengthens America's commitment to defending belief -- and unbelief -- abroad.
7 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Christmas For starters, it's unclear why we celebrate Christmas on Dec. 25. \ud83c\udf84
What Do I Do Now? Reflecting On The Term \u201cEvangelical\u201d On the day the electors meet to decide on Donald Trump and the presidency of the United States, there are a host of questions
I Don\u2019t Believe In God, But I F**king Love Holiday Music Confessions of a former Jesus freak.
These Sikh Bhangra Dancers Will Shovel Away Your Winter Blues The Maritime Bhangra Group is using dance to give back to their community.
The Anti-Semitic Neighbor From My Past Who Still Haunts Me Mr. Primrose hated pigeons. Although we never discussed this, my neighbor\u2019s feelings of contempt for the maligned winged
This Is No Time For A Silent Night Sexual and economic liberation are central in Mary's hymn. This could not be clearer.  For those who would sexually shame a young woman who was humbled by being pregnant and unmarried, God has instead caused her to be called \blessed.\
Little Things Can Make An Atheist 
Yes, It's True - Jews Can Have Christmas Memories, Too Holiday memories to me go hand in hand with winter.
Trump's Inauguration, the Musicians and the Boycott Question 
Religion Plays A Bigger Role In Evolution Skepticism Than Climate Change Denial, Study Finds Unless you're talking about evangelicals.
Have A Truthful Christmas On December 6, 2016, the president-elect\u2019s former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, made a momentous announcement. It
To Trump's Christian Supporters I\u2019m trying as hard as I can to understand why so many Christians voted for a man whose opinions, behavior, and policies so
We've Got A Month Until Inauguration Day. Here's What We Can Do Right Now. Many people are still reeling from the election results and become more appalled every day with the appointments and behavior
Indiana Town Upset After ACLU Helps Remove Cross From Public Property Residents covered the town with crosses after the town Christmas tree was stripped of the symbol.
Tech Employees Promise Never To Help Trump Build A Muslim Registry \We are choosing to stand in solidarity with Muslim Americans.\
People Of Faith Must Stand With DREAMers; Endorse Bridge Act In the hours after Election Day students at colleges and universities across the country worried about climate change, civil
Chef Roasts Diner Who Left Note Calling Christmas Music 'Offensive' \Really ... what's wrong with people.\
The Little-Known Story Of The Islamic Christmas Tree Not many people know that the Quran features a tree in the narrative of Jesus\u2019 birth.
Not Enough Christ In Christian It has to be some devilish trick by the powers of evil. There is this great cry, this outrage among a portion of society
Meeting The Challenge Of Islamophobia Written by Aleyah Hassan Islamophobia doesn\u2019t just stop with a random man whispering \u201cISIS\u201d under his breath as a Muslim
Microsoft\u2019s Holiday Ad Celebrates The People Who Made 2016 A Better Year For Everyone Thank goodness for these folks.
There's Going To Be A Hanukkah Party At A Trump Hotel And These Jews Aren't Happy \Everything about this event is the wrong choice.\u201d
2016's Holiday Ads Will Make You Laugh, Cry And Everything In Between \ud83c\udf85\ud83c\udf85\ud83c\udf85
Raising A Special Child The phone rang, it was my wife Chavie, I knew she was calling with an update, but it was not one I was hoping for. \u201cThe neurologist
Christmas without the trimmings The Islamic \u2018nativity scene\u2019, as detailed in the Quran, provides a different account of Jesus\u2019 birth. What does it look like
America's Muslim Leaders Call On Trump To Protect Their First Amendment Rights Hundreds of Muslim American leaders have signed an open letter to Trump.
Now That The World Has Changed I have watched the new era of our democracy unfold while harboring intense reserves of both fear and anguish. Like most of
Being Normal Almost Killed Me \u201cI used to be normal.\u201d John (not his real name) pushed his words out two or three at a time, as if someone were turning an
Trump Should Not Encourage Politics In Church Frank discussion is good for the church. But not when disagreement descends into something mean and nasty, as it often does in the political realm. That's what makes one of President-elect Donald Trump's pledges so upsetting to me.
An American Brand Of DIY Spirituality This is not DIY spirituality. It's a fallacy for people to think they can encounter God on their own terms. It's more than a fallacy; it's idolatry.
Advent In 2016 It was a perfect storm that elected Donald Trump. It combined flawed candidates and a populist impulse on all sides against a system that truly is rigged.
The Bhikkunis Some male monks believe that the Bhikkhunis are not legitimate monks. Like many religions, Buddhist history is narrated from
These Teen Boxers Show Us All The Real Meaning Of Sportswomanship A Muslim boxer wasn\u2019t allowed to fight in modest clothing. So her opponent shared the win.
A Thousand Sacntuaries From Hate Second in a series of of editorials by the author in response to Donald Trump\u2019s improbable ascendance to the Oval office
Tatiana Navka, Wife Of Putin Aide, Sparks Outrage With Holocaust-Themed Ice Skating Routine The former Olympic champion wore a striped concentration camp uniform and a yellow Star of David for the performance.
We Can't Leave Girls And Young Women Behind In The Pursuit Of Education In 1960 the three Mirabal sisters, political activists in the Dominican Republic, were brutally murdered. Since 1981 activists have marked that day, 25th November, as a day for speaking out against violence against women and girls (VAWG).
Does It Feel Like The End Of The World? When some were speaking about the temple...Jesus said, \u201c...the days will come when not one stone will be left upon another
Hate, Love And Thanksgiving People should love thy neighbors, especially on Thanksgiving.
This Filthy Jewess Is Done With 'Alt-Right' Bullsh*t Nothing about anti-Semitism, bigotry or racism is normal.
White Jews Have A Duty To Stand With Muslims And People Of Color Our current fears \u2014 which are new to some of us \u2014 are what many other people have been facing for generations.
Mosque Is \u2018Vandalized\u2019 With Messages Of Love From Local Community \u201cWe are with you!\
Muslim Celebs Explain Why A Religion Of 1.7 Billion Can't Be Reduced To Stereotypes What does it mean to be Muslim? There are more than a billion answers.
My Message On Donald Trump Donald Trump\u2019s winning the presidency has put a lot of people into discomfort, including Muslims, who now wonder as to how
At Least One Direct Line From Catholic Bishops To Mr. Trump Not every vector that led to this election\u2019s outcome originated in white privilege, distrust of a female leader, contempt
Pope Francis Denounces 'Epidemic Of Animosity' Toward Minorities The pope alluded to the wave of xenophobia and hate that marked the Donald Trump campaign, as well as nationalist movements elsewhere.
Interfaith Leaders Pledge To Stand By American Muslims, No Matter What Christian, Jewish and Buddhist leaders attended prayers at a Washington, D.C., mosque to emphasize solidarity.
America's Schools Have Been Hit With Bigotry And Anti-Semitism Since Election Day This is frightening.
Swastikas, 'Go Trump' Spray-Painted At Beastie Boy's Memorial Park The hateful messages were left on a play structure.
Canada Unveils A Hijab-Wearing News Anchor \I worried about whether I could make it very far in hijab.\u201d
German Protestant Church Renounces Anti-Semitic Mission To Convert Jews Martin Luther told his followers to pray for Jews to convert to Christianity. Centuries later, the Evangelical Church in Germany is wrestling with its past.
Montana Synagogue Requests Police Protection After Reports Of Nazi Propaganda Acts of hate and intolerance have risen since last week's election.
Muslim Teacher Found A Violent Islamophobic Message In Her Classroom \u201cYour headscarf isn\u2019t allowed anymore. Why don\u2019t you tie it around your neck & hang yourself?\u201d
Eddie Huang Respectfully Schools Trump Supporter On Religious Freedom \I would disagree with you when you say this is a Judeo-Christian country.\
What Progressive Christians Need To Do To Take Back Their Faith The election results are mobilizing Christians who say Trump doesn't represent them.
Will the Real Jesus Please Stand Up? I woke up angry again this morning. It\u2019s Sunday and this is the day that a lot of us Christians go to church. But it\u2019s also
Here's A Genius Way To Respond To Anti-Semitism All it requires is some paint and a brush.
The Headscarf, Fear, And Islamophobia If you want to understand the rise of Islamophobia in America, just talk to a Muslim woman. Those who choose to wear the
American Christianity Is Dying There is good evidence that the Christian faith in the United States of America is in the process of change and decay. There
Your Muslim And Sikh Neighbors Need You Now More Than Ever After Trump\u2019s victory, non-Muslim allies let their Muslim and Sikh friends know they\u2019re loved and supported.
Reflections From A Red State I went to bed election night at 11 PM, late enough to be mind-numbed and tired but hours before the final results would be
American Muslims Are Fearful But Resilient About Their Place In Trump's America \Regardless of the situation, God commands us to stay dedicated to good and to each other.\
Police Say Woman Made Up Story Of Attack By Two Men, One Wearing A Trump Hat (UPDATE) She had claimed they hit her with \something metal.\
16 Tweets That Capture Why Some Christians Feel Betrayed After The Election \We have our work cut out for us.\
Now That The Election Is Over, It's Time To Heal Our Spirits Tips for spiritual recovery.
#IslamophobiaAtPolls Proves There's Much Work To Be Done To Combat Hate If you saw Islamophobia at the polls on Tuesday, report it.
After Enduring Months Of Trump's Islamophobia, Muslim Voters Clap Back And they did it in the most American way possible.
Collecting Important, Suspcious Activity From The Primary Sources #MuslimsReportStuff Written by Tahira Ayub On October 9th, an American-Muslim woman came forward on one of the most viewed platforms of our current
7 Things That'll Still Be True For Christians No Matter What Happens On Election Day Take a deep breath. Say a prayer. It\u2019ll all be over soon.
Get Ye To The Polling Place! Voting As Civic Sacrament Get Ye to the Polling Place! November 5, 2016 As election day approaches, two images surface in my imagination. The first
Catholics A recent survey jointly conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute and Religion News Service reveals that Catholics
A Hymn-Prayer For The Election The November 14 cover of The New Yorker magazine shows a newspaper being held by a subway commuter with the large headline
Standing Rock Protestors Burn Document That Justified Indigenous Oppression Clergy condemned a 15th century document that paved the way for Christian colonization of the Americas.
New Series On 'The Secret Life Of Muslims' Aims To Subvert Stereotypes In this episode, comedian Ahmed Ahmed explains why he told his agent to stop calling him for terrorist roles.
Pope Francis Praises Secular Sweden's Record On Accepting Asylum Seekers The pope is in Sweden to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the Reformation.
British Public On The Hunt For 'Witches' Marks' This Halloween \u201cWitches\u2019 marks are a physical reminder of how our ancestors saw the world.\
Real-Life Exorcist Says It's OK To Celebrate Halloween Costumes and trick-or-treating are \good clean fun.\
Can A New Qur\u2019an Translation Promote Religious Harmony? The first translation of the Qur\u2019an into English from the original Arabic was published by George Sale, in London in 1734
A Troubling Number Of White Christians Actually Favor Trump's Muslim Ban So much for welcoming the stranger.
Tim Kaine Reaches Out To Mormons With Stories Of His Own Mission Work With a third-party candidate rising in the ranks in Utah, Tim Kaine appeals directly to Mormons in a new op-ed.
How This Former Extremist Embraced The Real Meaning Of Jihad Muslim scholar Manwar Ali shares his life story in a Tedx talk.
Why Hillary Clinton Is The Faithful Choice It is vitally important that we think beyond the fear-mongering.
Where Is Happiness? The Question Was Answered Two Millennia Ago \u201cWhere is happiness?\u201d For years this was my driving question. Perhaps it was yours, too. The question proved a persistent
Election 2016 
A Catholic Charity Is Reaching Out To Transgender People In India, Just Not All Of Them Caritas India's new initiative has some limitations.
The Summer Estate Too Lavish For The Pope Is Now Open For Tourists Don't mind if we do.
Meet The Muslim Woman Running For State Legislature In Minnesota Ilhan Omar is making waves in Minnesota.
Good Young Exorcists Are Hard To Find, Leading Priest Says 'Scared' clergy don't have the rite stuff
This 1993 Hillary Clinton Interview Gets To The Heart Of The Candidate's Faith Spirituality and politics have always been deeply intertwined for Clinton.
Oregon Church Apologizes For Banning Overweight People From Its 'Worship Team' \u201cWe have standards just like anybody would have standards in a business.\
Mormons\u2019 Consciences Have Put White Evangelicals To Shame This Election Evangelicals should take a lesson from Mormons this election season.
Ken Bone And T.D. Jakes Pray There's An End To Election Divisiveness \No matter who we pick for president, how do we come back together when it\u2019s over?\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis Calls For An 'Immediate Ceasefire' In Syria He says it's essential to evacuate civilians, \especially children, who are still trapped by cruel bombardments.\u201d
Historic Cathedral Comes To Life With Mesmerizing Virtual Reality Installation Paris's Saint Eustache Church just got a dazzling makeover.
Donald Trump's Bad Week With Evangelicals Just Got Even Worse A major Christian news outlet is condemning Trump in the strongest terms.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Only The Hardest Of Hearts Could Ignore These Syrian Kids' Hopes For Peace Catholic and Orthodox leaders will deliver the children's messages to representatives at the European Union and the United Nations.
Donald Trump's Proposed Muslim Ban Has Not Aged Well It's been a winding road.
Why I'm Not Surprised Some Evangelicals Still Support Donald Trump No sooner had the vile words flooded the airways than did some prominent evangelical leaders step forward to reiterate
Jesus Loves Trump, But He Wouldn't Vote For Him I believe with all my heart that Jesus loves Donald Trump, but that he grieves over his despicable words and actions.
Why I Can No Longer Support My Former Employer, InterVarsity Christian Fellowship They have drawn the wrong line in the sand.
Trump Alienates Yet Another Key Group Of GOP Voters Protestant pastors typically vote Republican. This year, they don't know what the hell to do.
What A Film About Holocaust Denial Can Teach Us About Electing The Next President Truth can be terrifying. And the strategic denial of truth can be equally so.
Why Some Christians Say The Clinton-Kaine Ticket Is More 'Pro-Life' What does it mean to value human life?
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Six Inspiring Architectural Projects That Have Revitalized Muslim Communities From Copenhagen to Beijing, here are six projects that address the needs of communities that have a significant Muslim presence.
This Mosque's Beauty Is Seriously Otherworldly Absolutely breathtaking.
Bulgaria Bans Muslim Women From Wearing Full-Face Veils In Public Even though most Muslim women in the country don't wear niqabs or burqas.
Obama Offers Final Rosh Hashanah Greeting As President It's the beginning of the new year for Jews around the world, and the closing of a chapter for President Obama.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Hands Up, Hands Down, Coffee In Hands We should gather under no other name but Jesus and we should worship amidst this gathering in whatever way we feel most comfortable
Committee On Homeland Security To call Muhammad a warmonger and a terrorist is to call defending  human rights as warmongering and terrorism.
Why These Famous Jews Are Celebrating The New Year With 18 Words The High Holy Days are a good time to renew your commitment to social justice.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
American And Israeli Jews Are Strongly Connected But Sharply Divided The Pew Research Center takes a look at Jewish life in Israel and the United States.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
New York City Is Taking Aim At Islamophobia A new social media campaign is trying to fight discrimination against American Muslims.
How Researchers 'Unwrapped' This Ancient, Disintegrating Torah Scroll They barely had to touch it.
When I Hear the National Anthem, I Will Kneel and Bow My Head In 2008, I felt like an american for the first time because I saw a leader who looked like me. All my life I hoped my education and accomplishments would free me from the history of my skin color as inherently inferior and intimidating - it never did.
That Is Not My Jesus The more I get to know Jesus, the less I recognize him in His church today.
After NYC Bombs, We Need To Talk About Islamo-Racism Trump's latest round of anti-Muslim rhetoric is the icing on the cake. His past proposals for racial profiling include \databases,\ special identification cards, immigration bans, and possibly internment camps for Muslim Americans. There is no doubt he uses Muslims as scapegoats to reaffirm America's paranoia.
I'm a Pastor, And Donald Trump's America Scares the Crap Out of Me My desire for the Church and for our nation is to see love and grace grow. To embrace everyone, as they are. And to respect the dignity of every human life. But that can't happen with a reality TV President.
'Love Hormone' Oxytocin May Enhance Feelings Of Spirituality \u201cOxytocin appears to be part of the way our bodies support spiritual beliefs.\
Muslim YouTuber's Hijab Series Is Refreshingly Honest ... And Hilarious Tazzy Phe is answering all the questions you didn't know you had.
Some British Jews Are Seeking German Citizenship After Brexit Brexit has prompted British Jews whose relatives fled Nazi Germany to apply for a German passport.
Pope Francis, World Religious Leaders Make Impassioned Plea Against Terrorism \u201cOnly peace is holy, and not war.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Archbishop Desmond Tutu Readmitted To Hospital The Nobel Peace Prize winner returned to the hospital being discharged last Wednesday.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pilgrimage Of Mercy In New York To Support LGBT Catholics My husband Michael De Leon and I are both \u201ccradle Catholics\u201d having been born into traditional Catholic families, were raised
America's Clergy For the past several years, an increasing number of 'foodies', non-profits, government officials and others have explored tackling food waste, yet at every meeting or conference I've attended, one key player was left out of the discussion--the faith community.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Says Murdered French Priest Is A 'Martyr' On The Road To Sainthood Father Jacques Hamel was killed while celebrating Mass in July.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
God's Wonderful Sense Of Humor Last week at Pub Theology we touched on a bit of doctrine that I really like. It's about God's wonderful sense of humor. We
The Writing Life 
Hillary's Hymn Please God, grant us wisdom and courage to call out \the evils we deplore\ and help us do better as a nation in valuing all people.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Saudi Arabia Takes Extra Precautions For Hajj A Year After Fatal Crush Hundreds of pilgrims died in a stampede last year when crowd control measures failed.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Zainab Chaudary Fights Bigotry Through The Power Of Story For many activists, the fight for change is personal.
Pope Francis Proclaims Mother Teresa A Saint By Isla Binnie VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Mother Teresa of Calcutta, known as the \u201csaint of the gutters\u201d during her life, was
14 Vintage Photos Of Mother Teresa Show A Saint In The Making Everyone starts small.
Fighting For Our Sons In A Culture That Seeks To Destroy Them As I drove my boys to a new neighborhood in the area, we heard on the radio about a recall drive to oust a judge who gave
Our Father, Who Art In heaven I've been a guest speaker at a lot of different churches lately, mostly Unity and Centers for Spiritual Living, talking about  \The Heart of the Matter\ - a two-part series on the nature of the ego.
What Is Prayer? All religions, except some forms of Buddhism, recommend prayer. From the Latin precare, which means to beg, prayer is just that
Why Some Muslim Leaders Are Relieved Eid Won't Fall On 9/11 The important Muslim holiday will fall on Sept. 12 this year.
The Naked Provocation Of Swimming While Muslim What are the limits of what the law does to the human body? Nowhere does our fraught exchange with power touch us more keenly
Pope Urges Faithful To Save Planet From 'Debris, Desolation And Filth' Sept. 1 marks the World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation.
Christian Claims She Was Forced To Remove Headscarf For Driver's License Photo Yvonne Allen says her Christian faith compels her to cover her hair in public.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
A Baptist Pastor\u2019s Plea To Love Our Muslim Neighbors Hundreds of people packed the Newton County courthouse in Covington, Ga., on August 22 to protest the placement of a mosque
Mark Zuckerberg Met With Pope Francis And Gave Him A Drone Obviously he documented it on Facebook.
Jewish Artist Turns Swastika Vandalism Into Something Beautiful Love > hate.
Her Modern Family Some life lessons from Harvard professor Diana Eck.
Christians Must Be Discerning To Avoid The Dangers Of 'Almost Right' Close only counts in horseshoes, hand grenades and slow dancing.
Christian-Run Children's Center Rejects Atheist Group's Huge Donation The Murrow Indian Children\u2019s Home said accepting the money would violate its Christian principles.
Report Shows NYPD Surveillance Of Muslims Violated Regulations The breach dates back over a decade.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu Returns To The Hospital With An Infection The former Anglican archbishop has suffered from a recurring bug.
Myanmar Is Picking Up The Pieces After Earthquake Damaged Ancient Pagodas Close to 200 brick structures were damaged by a powerful earthquake on Wednesday.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Speaks Out Against Islamophobia In The U.S. \That should not be what America is about.\
Pope Leads Thousands In Praying The Rosary For Italy Earthquake Victims The pontiff dispatched Vatican firefighters to aid in rescue efforts.
Justin Trudeau Has No Interest In Importing French Burkini Ban \u201cWe should be past tolerance in Canada,\ said the Canadian prime minister.
Muslim YouTuber Spells Out Exactly Why France\u2019s Burkini Ban Is So Problematic \Why can\u2019t you just let women wear whatever the hell they want to wear?\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Islamophobia And Radicalized Perceptions The current no-holds-barred U.S. presidential election has placed Islam and Muslims on the center stage of a nasty campaign
What This Haitian Priest Can Teach The Rest Of Us About Faith Father Joseph is the subject of a new and inspiring documentary.
Lesbian Pastor Forced To Resign Over Methodist Church's LGBT Stance Cynthia Meyer will step down from her Kansas City church on Aug. 28.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Calling All Christians An email recently came across my desk about a young momma who was struggling to care for her six little girls. She\u2019s a single
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
A Look Behind The Scenes Of Hillary Clinton's Private Faith Life And why she often keeps her personal beliefs hidden.
23 Times Olympic Athletes Tapped Into Their Spirituality These are powerful images of spirituality on and off the field.
Islamophobic Heckler Interrupts Muslim Woman\u2019s TV Interview On Islamophobia A bystander told Ruqaiya Haris, \u201cWe don\u2019t want to be politically correct.\u201d
Indigenous Australians Fight Planned Nuclear Dump On Sacred Lands \It's like me and my sisters going to the Vatican and saying we want to put a waste dump right under the pillar where they say St. Peter is buried.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Man Charged With Murdering Muslim Cleric And Assistant, Denies Being The Killer Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin were leaders in Queens' Bangladeshi Muslim community.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
U.S. Lutherans Approve Historic Agreement With Catholic Church Blink and you'll miss this incredible moment of unity.
Dozens Of Evangelical Leaders Petition Texas To Stop Scheduled Execution Evangelicals are increasingly seeing the death penalty as a \pro-life\ issue.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
11 Tweets That Sum Up The Absurdity of The Burkini Ban The full body swimsuit worn by  some Muslim women has been outlawed in three French cities.
Pagan Worship Sites Prove Spirituality Doesn't Need Four Walls New photo series highlights Paganism's close relationship with nature.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Our Response To Grief The popular jargon is often a lie that contradicts scripture.
Donald Trump Makes Strange Appeal To Evangelicals To Help Him Get Mormon Votes The GOP nominee seems to have confused the two religious groups.
What Happened When The Olympic Committee Failed To Include Brazil's African Faiths The International Olympic Committee had chosen only five \u201cofficial\u201d religions for an interfaith center.
With The Help Of Beloved Goddess, India's Massive Sanitation Problems Could Take A Turn A new ad says trash drives away the goddess, Lakshmi.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Muslim Women Can't Play Professional Basketball In A Hijab. But That Could Change Soon. The reason you won't see any hijab-wearing basketball players at the Olympics.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
To My Muslim-American Friend The hijab is but a frame for the beautiful person you are outside and within.
Jesus, Trump And America's Time Of Crisis The Gospel of Matthew is written from a time of crisis and presents an urgent message in response to that coming crisis. While
The Pope of Two Minds Disillusions Us 
The Mindset Of A Successful Woman If I\u2019m honest with you and myself, there are days where my mind gets the best of me; days when I question my worth, my gifts
No, Don't Call It Radical Islam For as long as I can remember, I have valued listeners. Whenever I need to vent, I always go to the same person who I know
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Will You Pass The TrumpOrJesus.com Quiz? This should be an easy 100 percent, people.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Anti-Semitic Incidents Have Risen In The U.K. During 2016 The most common type of harassment reported to the Jewish charity Community Security Trust was verbal abuse.
California Just Took A Bold Stand Against Islamophobia Some good news in an election year for a community under siege.
Muslim Families Of Fallen U.S. Soldiers Vow To Oppose Trump These Muslim Gold Star families deserve better.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Follows Through On Promise To Investigate Women's Roles In The Church Francis has assembled a group that will study the role of women deacons.
Muslim Journalist Points Out The Irony Of Trump's Remarks On The Khan Family There appears to be a battle going on for the patriotic heart of America.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
An Absurdly Large Number Of Australians Say Their Religion Is The Force And Australian atheists are not happy about it.
Voting for Trump is Not a Morally Good Choice for Christians 
Ahmadiyya Muslims My fellow Americans, and friends watching this around the world, it is such a heartfelt privilege to share the blessings of Our America with you on this special day. Salam Aleikum and God bless the United States of America.
6 Ways The GOP Fails To Be Pro-Life In November, I will be voting my conscience, and it will be based on a pro-life ethic.
Pope Urges Youth In Poland To Welcome Refugees With A 'Merciful Heart' Pope Francis encouraged a crowd of more than 600,000 people to embrace those in need.
Pope Francis Pays Moving Silent Tribute To Auschwitz Death Camp Victims \Lord, forgiveness for so much cruelty,\ he wrote in the commemorative book.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Donald Trump's Childhood Church Now Attended Largely By Immigrants The Republican presidential nominee probably wouldn't recognize his former Sunday school.
Exhibit Aims To Show The Beauty Of Sikh American Identity The often-targeted group finally gets its due.
Prominent Evangelical Author Of 'Left Behind' Series Dies At 90 Tim LaHaye is revered by Christian audiences for his popular novels about the end of times.
Tony Robbins Rejects 'Guru' Label In New Documentary Netflix's \I Am Not Your Guru\ goes behind the scenes of Robbins' personal growth empire.
Why This Orthodox Jewish Indie Rock Band Only Performs For Women For the ladies of Perl, women-only concerts are a chance to rock out.
Pope Francis Tightens The Reins On 'Listless' Nuns For some time now, I've been concerned that while Pope Francis was awfully good at improving the tone of the church, he hasn't done much to actually change things. You know, by issuing Papal edicts.
Obama Calls Discrimination Against Muslims Affront To American Values Without naming Trump, the president blasted the candidate for \singling out Muslim Americans.\
How This Immigrant Shop Owner Is Helping Make Cleveland A 'Cultural Hub' A tea house proprietor talks multiculturalism in light of the RNC.
How 8 RNC Attendees Really Feel About Muslims Donald Trump\u2019s hateful rhetoric gets put to the test.
How One Organization Is Lifting Up Voices Of Muslim Youth Born After 9/11 It's a voice we all need to hear.
Why We Need Righteous Anger Now More Than Ever Seven faith leaders meditate on racism and righteous anger.
How Some Evangelicals Rationalize Their Support Of Donald Trump \Full Frontal with Samantha Bee\ asked these conservative Christians why they're supporting Trump.
Why This Priest Walked Hundreds Of Miles To Protest Donald Trump Jose Landaverde and other Latino demonstrators faced a slew of racist threats on their journey to Ohio.
African Methodist Episcopal Church Passes Climate Resolution Climate change \disproportionately impacts African Americans,\ said church leaders.
Don't Call Me Jew I was tagged as an unrecognized face as soon as I pulled into the parking lot. The guard was ready for me as I approached
Gingrich Is Mistaken On Shariah Deportations Newt Gingrich, who holds a Ph.D. in European History and is thus a presumptively educated man, has delivered yet another
New GOP Platform Aims To Make The Christian Right Even More Powerful Churches and other tax-exempt institutions are prohibited from political organizing, but Republicans want to change that.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Vast Majority Of White Evangelicals Back Donald Trump, Survey Shows A whopping 78 percent say they would vote for Trump.
13 Tweets That Show  'Pokemon Go'  Is A Truly Religious Experience The augmented reality game is literally taking people to church.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
EU Advisor Advocate General Elanor Sharpston called it discrimination.
Rapper Has Choice Words For Christians Who Don\u2019t Want Him To Talk About Race \u201cTrue faith stands up for the oppressed and the broken.\u201d
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
How Police Chaplains Help Departments Cope With Officer Deaths Dallas police officers are in mourning after five of their colleagues were shot and killed during a peaceful protest on Thursday.
Vatican Selects Former Fox News Reporter As New Spokesman Greg Burke will replace Father Federico Lombardi as the pope's official spokesperson.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
In Defense Of Offering Our 'Thoughts and Prayers' When terrorists killed 130 people in Paris, the world watched in shock. We took to social media to do the only thing we could
How Faith Leaders Are Grappling With The Violence Of This Week \Blood is crying from the ground and let it trouble the very soul of America until justice is a clear reality.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Archbishop Of Canterbury To Open Home To Syrian Refugee Family The family will be staying at Justin Welby's London residence starting next month.
Empire State Building Shines In Celebration Of Ramadan's End Eid al-Fitr is a day of joy following a month of fasting.
What Pope Francis Has To Say To Ultraconservatives In The Church Haters gon' hate.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
I Know a Lot of Radical Muslims I've known a lot of radical Muslims in my life, but none of them have looked the way they do on Fox News. In college, I studied
Pushing Boundaries In A Culture Of Outrage (Amos 7:7-17) It happens in every tragedy
Pope Benedict Claims There Was Once A 'Gay Lobby' At The Vatican In an upcoming memoir about his pontificate, Benedict revealed that he broke up a 'gay lobby' that had tried to wield power at the Vatican.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Watch Samantha Bee Dismantle Islamophobia In A Matter Of Minutes Hint
The Dalai Lama And Lady Gaga Joined Forces To Talk About This Essential Human Value For this unlikely duo, kindness is key.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis Says Church Should Apologize For Discriminating Against Gays, Ask For Forgiveness He recalled Church teachings that homosexuals \should not be discriminated against. They should be respected, accompanied pastorally.\
The Love That Dare Not Speak Its Name The love must speak its name.
Open Letter To Reverend Franklin Graham What you are saying about Islam is dangerous for Muslims, America and the world. Your words fuel hate towards the other and become recruiting tools for terrorist organizations.
Dealing With Religious Literalists 
The seductive illusion of power 
Across Faith and Identities, NYC is Leading the Fight against Islamophobia 
Will Heaven Be Boring? 
In Orlando Killer's Hometown, Religious And LGBT People Choose To Build Bridges They came together to listen to the wisdom of the Bible and the Quran.
The Democrats Sang A Decades-Old Hymn Of Protest During Their Sit-In This old hymn has often been used as an anthem for freedom.
Pope Francis Invites Refugees Onto Vatican Stage The pontiff has urged Europe to welcome migrants with open arms.
Outpouring Of LGBT, Muslim Groups Sign Statement Against Bigotry \We are in fact one community.\
Muslim Students Share Their Experiences With Islamophobia At this Islamic School, students encounter subtle bigotry on a daily basis.
Getting to Zero Hunger 
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
New Evidence Suggests 'Gospel Of Jesus's Wife' Papyrus A Forgery The Atlantic's Ariel Sabar  reveals the artifact's previously anonymous owner.
Islamophobia, Anti-Immigrant Sentiment On The Rise In Germany More than 40 percent of Germans surveyed believe Muslims should be forbidden from coming into the country.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Dalai Lama Warns Against Scapegoating Muslims After Orlando Shooting \You cannot generalize,\ said the Tibetan spiritual leader.
Here's What Queer Muslims Are Saying About The Orlando Shooting Sunday began with one of the deadliest shootings in American history \u2014 at least 49 people were killed and more than 50 were
Bishop Calls Out Homophobia In Religion... And He Isn't Blaming Islam \Sadly it is religion, including our own, which targets...and often breeds contempt for gays, lesbians and transgender people.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
An Important Reminder That The Muslim Community Extends Beyond Faith \We are all much more than just one label.\
How Religious Leaders Are Responding To The Orlando Shooting Homophobia is an issue many faith communities are grappling with.
American Muslims Send A Powerful Message Of Solidarity To Orlando Victims The tragedy in Orlando has prompted both compassion and debate within the Muslim community.
The Inspiration Of Muhammad Ali As the world reflected on the life of Muhammad Ali the week after his death, several meaningful emotions surfaced for me
What Is Original Sin? 
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Archbishop Of Canterbury Calls Trump's Muslim Ban Un-Christian Major Christian leader says self-proclaimed Christian candidate's ideas are definitely not Christian.
Mecca Goes Mega In the days before rapid sea or air travel, it could take months to travel to Mecca.
American Muslims Honor Muhammad Ali As A Champion Of Their Faith \u201cWe thank God for him.\u201d
Pope Francis Outlines Strict New Measures For Bishops Who Covered Up Abuse The pontiff has pledged zero tolerance for those who abuse children.
Pope Declares Swedish Nun Who Sheltered Jews During The Holocaust A Saint Maria Elisabeth Hesselblad helped hide Jewish families in her convent during the German occupation of Rome.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Says To Remove Bishops If Found Negligent In Abuse Cases Bishops \must be particularly diligent in protecting those who are the weakest among the people entrusted to them.\
12 Times Muhammad Ali Showed Us The Incredible Power Of His Faith \I set out on a journey of love, seeking truth, peace and understanding.\
Why the Muslim World and the Global South Loved Muhammad Ali The Greatest remains a hero and role model for countless Muslims around the world. So tonight, I will mourn him and pray for him and his family and loved ones. Tomorrow, I will do everything I can to internalize his message and make my community, nation, and world better in any and every way I can.
In God We Don't Trust They may be the most invisible interest group in American politics
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
This Ice Cream Shop Kicked Hatred To The Curb. Here's How The Community Said Thank You \I would hope anyone would do that for me for the cross I wear around my neck,\ said the store's baker.
Conservative Jewish Rabbis Take A Stand For Transgender Rights \Our Torah asserts that all humanity is created in God's divine image,\ the group said in a resolution.
North Carolina Community Takes on Anti-Muslim Activist What started as a depressing episode of Warner's visit to North Carolina turned into a rallying call for a movement against all forms of bigotry and oppression. People from different backgrounds and separated in geography, united to fight anti-Muslim bigotry and intertwine this campaign with other social justice movements.
Spoof Gum Commercial Chews Away At Islamophobia In The Best Possible Way The mock medicine promises to relieve bigotry and intolerance.
German Cardinal Makes Impassioned Plea For Migrants From A Refugee Boat \Someone who lets people drown in the Mediterranean also drowns God.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Church Of Scotland Ministers Can Now Be In Same-Sex Marriages But the church still holds a \traditional\ view of marriage.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
What is Feng Shui ? 
Not in our name 
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Artist Transforms 19th Century Church Into Stunning Kaleidoscope Of Color The installation offers visitors a chance to do some \spiritual pondering,\ said artist Liz West.
Here's Proof George Washington Would Be Ashamed Of Donald Trump Our nation's first president felt strongly about religious freedom.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
5 Bikers Showed Up For An Anti-Muslim Rally. 400 People Had Another Idea. Love is just better at bringing people together.
Why A Round-The-Clock Sit-In At This Catholic Church Is Ending After 12 Years The Friends of St. Frances Xavier Cabrini have been working in shifts since 2004 to keep the building constantly occupied.
Pope Criticizes The West's Blind Spot When It Comes To Exporting Democracy The pope has frequently attacked what he calls \cultural colonialism.\
Outpouring Of Methodist Clergy Pledge Support To LGBT Colleagues The church General Conference is reviewing 100 pieces of legislation on LGBT inclusion.
These Arkansas Monks Have A Knack For Making A Mean Hot Sauce \Perhaps someone who is living a simple life needs to have something to spice it up.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Catholic Women React to Pope Francis's Latest Initiative For Women What would it mean for Catholic women to be able to serve at the altar as deacons? Here's what these women had to say.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis Says He\u2019s Open To Studying Whether Women Can Serve As Deacons ROME \u2014 Pope Francis suggested on Thursday that he was open to studying whether women can serve as deacons in the Roman Catholic
New Jersey Mosque Gets Interfaith Support In Building Permit Fight Religious organizations urged a federal court to approve construction of the mosque.
Muslim Millennial Women On What It's Like To Be Faithful In America Listen up.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
These Sacred Mothers Show Us The Power Of Women's Spirituality Religion as we know it today wouldn't be the same without these moms.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pixar Animator Reveals The Magic Ingredient That Adds Soul To Stories This is movie magic in all its splendor.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Condemns Pedophilia Following Reports Of Child's Death \We should not tolerate the abuse of minors,\ said the pontiff.
An Australian Atheist Teamed Up With His Muslim Neighbors To Celebrate Humanity \'Faces Of Islam' is a project first and foremost about other human beings.\
John Boehner Calls Ted Cruz 'Lucifer,' Word Searches Dramatically Spike Apparently some people had to look up the devil's lesser-known name.
Faith Groups Are Rallying Against North Carolina\u2019s Anti-Transgender Law This is interfaith activism at its finest.
Sikhs On 'The Daily Show' Have Perfect Response For People Who Assume They're Muslim \You need to lead with love.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
What Does the Pope See In His Dreams? A story is circulating that in a recent dream the Pope saw original scripture writers in the act, and this might enlighten us.
Will Pope Francis Dump The Just War Doctrine? Pope Francis gives every indication of wanting to go down as one of the great reformers in the history of the Roman Catholic
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Faces of health, poverty, and faith in Guatemala 
Why This Muslim-American Couple Invited Strangers To Ask Them Anything \We wanted to replace the trauma and terror with love by way of doughnuts, coffee, flowers and good conversations.\
Watch Conan O'Brien Get In A Snowball Fight With Buddhist Monks The comedian doesn't exactly find peace at the South Korean temple.
American Catholics Seek Clarity On Pope Francis' Love Treatise The pope's apostolic exhortation \Amoris Laetitia\ pushes for more love in the church. But what will that look like?
More to Just War Than Just War Casting JWT from Catholic social teaching is to throw the baby out with the bathwater, it is to take away what little the Church has offered her wounded warriors.
Pope Francis Document On Family And Marriage Could Be A Landmark For Church Francis may address the possible re-integration into the Church of Catholics who divorce.
Interfaith Clergy Join Forces To Overturn North Carolina's Anti-LGBT Legislation \u201cWe are morally outraged.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Adorable Stray Cats Steal The Show During Russian Monastery's Ritual These furry felines unapologetically strut their stuff in this touching video.
Muslim And Jewish Volunteers Unite To Aid A Struggling Detroit School \It's two faiths coming together for one cause.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
The Top 10 Best Cultural Representations Of God The Guardian lists everything from Michelangelo's \The Creation of Adam\ to Sir Ralph Richardson in the movie \Time Bandits.\
Army Rules Sikh Officer Can Keep His Turban, Beard On Active Duty A huge step in the right direction.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Eva Longoria Meets The Pope, Is Literally #Blessed \ud83d\ude4f
This Is The World's First Official 'Jewish Tartan' The design, created by a Scottish rabbi, celebrates both Scotland's history and Jewish values.
WATCH As the presidential race dissolves into fear-mongering, racism\u00a0and rampant xenophobia,\u00a0Muslims across America are finding
These Photos Are A Haunting Reminder Of Syrian Christianity Before The War Photographer and musician Jason Hamacher shares photos of Christian sites in Syria before 2011.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
WATCH It's harder than you think.
Pope Urges Using 'Weapons Of Love' To Combat Evil In Easter Message \u201cMay he (the risen Jesus) draw us closer on this Easter feast to the victims of terrorism.\
Mystery Painter Turns Vile Anti-Muslim Graffiti Into Message Of Love \Maybe that is the way to treat things.\
It's Easter!.... Again??? Passion, Death and Resurrection of God made man - we're offered a share in his divine life. And that's a whole lot better than peanut butter eggs and Peeps.
The Last Temptation Of America This Easter, I hope you'll think about where we are, where we're going, and what we can do to, as Langston Hughes put it, \Let America be America again,\ instead of a path not so different from those biblical temptations.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis's Life Depicted In New Comic Book The story traces the childhood and training of Jorge Mario Bergoglio.
Morgan Freeman Visits Site Thought To Be Tomb Of Jesus In New Show \The Story of God with Morgan Freeman\ explores religion over the centuries.
Gwen Stefani Says Returning To Music Was A Spiritual Experience \Everybody felt the magic of this music being made.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis' Palm Sunday Message The pope went-off script during his Sunday morning homily at the Vatican.
Pope Francis Makes His Instagram Debut Welcome to Instagram, @Franciscus.
When Did We Get to Be Better than God? God loves Muslims as much as Christians, LGBTQ people as much as straight folks, immigrants and refugees as much as US citizens, poor people as much as the rich. We should be exceedingly suspicious of any God who is more intellectually rigid than we are, who disapproves of all the same people we disapprove of.
Why Seal Says He's 'Constantly Striving To Connect' To His Spirit \The Passion\ actor opened up about his relationship with religion and faith.
The Moment Casey Gerald Realized The Importance Of Doubt \This doubt, it fuels me, it gives me hope.\
A Graphic Novel Is In The Works To Show How Science And Faith Can Coexist All it takes is dialogue and an open mind.
SXSW Apologizes For Asking U.S. Olympian Ibtihaj Muhammad To Remove Hijab Her ID badge also came with the wrong name printed on it.
Three Years Of Pope Francis Have Unnerved Some Conservative Catholics \I wonder if he realizes how much confusion he is causing.\
This Christian Is Fed Up With Islamophobic Rhetoric And she's leading a national organization to do something about it.
U.S. Wins Religious Discrimination Case Against Western Towns Over Access To Housing, Utilities The jury also issued a non-binding verdict finding that the cities' joint police department operated as an \arm\ of the Utah-based polygamous church.
Muhammad as Spirit of Truth Today as Christians we have the opportunity to embrace Muhammad, the Qur'an, and Islam in an expression of faith in Jesus.
Eerie Sci-Fi Short Explores Quest To Feel 'Connected' With A Surprising Star Former \Baywatch\ actress Pamela Anderson is intense.
Man Allegedly Brandishes Gun, Yells 'All Of You Should Die' To Muslim Couple Local religious leaders have called for the act to be prosecuted as a hate crime.
Buddhists Stage Massive Lighting Ceremony At Thai Temple Hundreds of people came together to renew their commitment to the religion.
The Subscription Service That Promises To Deliver 'Jew-y Goodness' To Your Door Hello Mazel is a quarterly subscription box service that's perfect for modern-day Jews.
At Mexico-U.S. Border, Pope Francis Decries Suffering of Migrants CIUDAD JUAREZ, Mexico (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Wednesday railed against immigration policies that force many underground
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Despite Zika Outbreak, Catholic Leaders Say Contraceptives Are \u2018Not A Solution\u2019 When Colombia, El Salvador, and Brazil recently warned women not to get pregnant because of the Zika virus, some human rights
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis Captivated By Teen Cancer Patient's Rendition Of 'Ave Maria' Alexia Gardu\u00f1o broke out into song during Francis' visit to a pediatric hospital in Mexico.
6 Sexy Love Notes You Might Not Expect To Find In Religious Texts Because passion binds us body and soul.
The Pope Just Had A Meeting 1,000 Years In The Making. Here's Why. Pope Francis made history by meeting with the Russian Orthodox Church's Patriarch Kirill.
The Important Reason This Man Shined Pope Francis's Shoes It has nothing to do with fashion.
Bernie Sanders Embodies Trend Of The 'Spiritual But Not Religious' American Jane Sanders, the senator's wife, opened up about the couple's faith in a recent interview.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Lunar New Year 2016 The Year of the Monkey starts Monday and festivities last for 15 days.
Pope Francis' Philadelphia Fiat Sells At Auction For $82,000 The cash raised will go to good causes.
Imbolc 2016 Hail, Brigid!
This Is What Spiritually-Guided Politics Could Look Like Two activists say their \soulful\ method will help people understand their differences.
Advice For Anyone Who Has Ever Doubted Their Religion Mike McHargue and Michael Gungor of The Liturgists Podcast joined HuffPost Religion to talk about this very common feeling.
5 Easy Steps That Will Help You Live A Full And Meaningful Life Vlogger Martin Sosa shares tips on how you can remain mindful.
These Vintage Photos Of Jewish-Black Unity Prove The Power Of Interfaith Activism \The most urgent, the most disgraceful, the most shameful and the most tragic problem is silence.\
What Pope Benedict Knew About Abuse In The Catholic Church The election of Pope Francis, in 2013, had the effect, among other things, of displacing the painful story of priestly sexual
GOP Lawmaker Says Conservatives 'Own' Christian Tradition Rep. Dave Brat said Obama is \bonking Republicans over the head with the Bible.\
What Is The One Thing That Makes You Who You Are? New series gets people to think about who they really are.
This Is What It Means To Be #FaithfullyLGBT There is no \God vs. Gay.\
Israeli Jews And Arabs Make Out To Make Peace Participants in a new viral video declare that kissing a stranger on camera is still \less strange than the [Arab-Israeli] conflict.\
Islamicity Indices -- The Best Instrument for Changing the Muslim World Let begin by clearing the deck -- Islam is not the problem, but is instead the solution for a better future for Muslim countries. The fact is that Islam has been undermined and hijacked by corrupt hereditary rulers, clerics and strongmen to \legitimize\ their illegitimate rule.
12 Awe-Inspiring Poets To Read In Your Lifetime Medicine for the soul.
The One Thing That Can Break Down Religious Barriers For Good Hint
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
God Is Our Planet The description of God changes through the prism of every human culture, but one profound universal similarity  can be discerned among most cultures
Of Female Action Figures Parts of the Internet erupted in a furor this holiday season when it transpired that a boxed set of action figures depicting characters from Star Wars
White Supremacy As 2016's Urgent Faith Challenge Something Wicked This Way Comes is not only a sinister 1962 fantasy novel by Ray Bradbury, it is also descriptive of the malevolent and growing power of white supremacy in the United States.
Muslims Use New Year's Eve In Times Square To Stand Against Extremism \We\u2019re hoping to not just share words, but to take action.\
17 Resolutions To Help You Have A Spiritually Renewing 2016 May your year be filled with joy.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis \These signs of love can't and mustn't be obscured by the tyranny of evil.\
This Tumblr Of Loved Ones\u2019 Final Texts Reveals The Beauty Of Ordinary Lives \You don't ever know when what you say could be the last one.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
15 Blogs From 2015 That Showed How Faith Can Be A Force For Good These are stories of hope, activism and faith.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these\u00a0Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Cloistered Philadelphia Nuns Are Quietly Seeking To Grow Their Order Due to their shrinking numbers and aging population, the Holy Spirit Adoration Sisters are now reaching out to recruit.
Churches Offer Sanctuary To Immigrants Facing Deportation \As pastors we know that each and every family is a holy family.\
My Christmas in Damascus - The Beauty of the Human Spirit As we approach the holiday season again, I am reminded of my Christmas in Syria, standing aside people of many faiths in the city square around a single tree. But, to be honest, my Christmas in Damascus was more than just that the one day of dazzling lights and holiday cheer.
Pope Francis Rebukes Consumerism In Christmas Eve Mass VATICAN CITY (AP) \u2014 In his Christmas Eve homily Thursday, Pope\u00a0Francis noted the simplicity of Jesus' birth as he rebuked
Pope Condemns Islamic State Terrorism In Christmas Message The pontiff condemned recent \brutal acts of terrorism,\ including the Nov. 13 attacks by Islamist militants that killed 130 people in Paris.
Remember That Christmas Is A Story Of Middle Eastern Refugees As your social media contacts must have reminded you by now, Christmas truly is the story of a Middle Eastern family seeking
A Muslim's Christmas Message As a Muslim American, I share the joy and celebration of my Christian friends and neighbors. And this interfaith harmony between the world's two largest faiths is not a new phenomenon. It was exemplified by the founder of Islam himself.
If I'm Your Token Muslim Friend, Then I Need You to Do This If I'm your token Muslim friend, here's what I need you to know. First and foremost, thank you for being such a good friend. I call you a good friend because you could easily denounce our friendship, but you didn't, and so I thank you. Next, I need you to make more friends.
Silent Night - A Rabbi Reflects on Christmas The quiet of these spaces of learning eerily echoes the custom of Nittel Nacht, a name given to Christmas Eve by medieval Talmudists in German-speaking lands, and for centuries in Europe a time when Jews uncharacteristically refrained from Torah-learning.
24,000 Sign Letter Of 'Radical Love' In Support Of American Muslims \We must not allow fear to undermine the values that stand at the very core of who we are as faith leaders and Americans.\
What Bravery Looks Like You want to talk about some Muslims standing up to Islamist terrorists? Here are some Muslims putting their lives on the line to do so:
Christmas Celebrates Nonviolence \And so this is Christmas, and what have you done?\ That's the question which John Lennon puts to us in his famous Christmas song. In the chorus, he gets right to the point, to the heart of Christmas
Why This Group Of Atheists, Agnostics And Seekers Loves Christmas \For me, Christmas is about family and loved ones.\
4 Simple Ways To Stay Grounded And Stress-Free During The Holidays Vlogger Martin Sosa, from PeakYourMind, shares tips for staying mindful during this busy time.
How The Grieving Are Turning To New Traditions For The Holidays It's not always the most wonderful time of year for those who have lost loved ones.
Religious Leaders Stand Up For Peace Amid Anti-Muslim Attacks The group held an interfaith pilgrimage promoting unity and condemning extremism.
College Consent-Based Programing 
Stars of Wonder 
New Gods in Hollywood \Location, location, location,\ is the mantra of L.A. real estate agents may be as valid for encountering hot new gods as it is for scoring hot new properties in the city of Angels.
Virginia Schools Close After Uproar Over Arabic Calligraphy Lesson \It is outrageous to believe she is trying to convert anyone to Islam.\
You Can Now Customize Your Loved One's Urn With A 3D Printer What kind of container would you design for your ashes?
Vandals Spraypaint 'Jesus Is The Way' On California Mosque A bomb squad was also called in for what turned out to be a plastic replica of a hand grenade.
Awakening the Golem The first Golem story was told in medieval times. The most famous story, which I chose to retell, relates the adventures of the Golem of Prague, brought to life in the 1500s.
The Truly Unique Ways These Interfaith Families Are Celebrating The Holidays 'Tis the season to get creative.
Accused Of Being A Terrorist, Muslim-American Doctor Pens Poignant Message \I\u2019m not your enemy. I\u2019m your biggest ally.\
The Real History Of Hanukkah Is More Complicated Than You Thought What do you really know about the \festival of lights\?
Muslim Americans Raise Almost $100K For Victims Of San Bernardino Shooting Muslim groups from across the nation gave money and support.
Councilwoman Who Quit Over 'Christmas' Tree Rescinds Resignation Charlene Storey said adding the word cut non-Christians out of the loop.
How Mass Shootings Are Changing Americans' Views Of Mortality Paris, Planned Parenthood, San Bernardino -- the drumbeat of mass violence has left many people's assessment of danger \upside down.\
All Together Podcast Final Episode Yes, good conversations can change the world.
Chaplains, Counselors, Pastors Rush To Help In San Bernardino \We need somewhere that all of us can come together and grieve.\
Is It Cool To Hang Dreidels From The Christmas Tree? How some couples are celebrating both Christmas and Hanukkah at home, without losing what makes each religious holiday unique.
What A Self-Described 'Imperfect Son' Learned From His Parents' Deaths Author Bob Morris shares how devastating events shaped his views on religion.
Bill Maher and Howard Stern Are Still Invited to Dinner; RSVP Required 
Global Meditation For Peace Event In Mexico City Nov. 29 On November 29th, at 9:30am EST in Mexico City, Mexico, tens of thousands of people will come together to participate in
Pope Take note, Congress.
Gratitude Can Transform Your Life. Here's How. Make giving thanks part of your daily routine.
Why Giving Thanks Is Good For Our Bodies And Spirits \u201cGratitude is the recognition that we are not the center of the universe.\u201d
Creed Frontman Scott Stapp Opens Up About Abuse And Rebuilding His Faith \For years and years, I ran in the opposite direction\ of religion.
GOP Rivals Knock Trump For Endorsing Muslim Database COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) \u2014 Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson said Saturday that he wants to expand the government's surveillance
Register Me, Too, Mr. Trump The idea of creating a national registry of all Muslims living in the United States is egregiously wrong and almost certainly unconstitutional. It is actually such an abysmal idea that it seems farcical - except that it's not funny at all.
How The UK Is Strengthening Interfaith Bonds After Paris Attacks \Religion can be part of the solution, too.\
Franklin & Marshall College Students Explore 'The Examined Life' If students don\u2019t ask the big questions, \an enormous opportunity will be wasted.\
Words Of Wisdom From Mr. Rogers For All Of Us After The Paris Tragedy \If you look for the helpers, you'll know that there's hope.\
Cloistered Hindu Sect Comes Alive In 'Gates Of The Lord' Exhibition \This is a chance to showcase this very special artistic tradition to our audiences in the United States,\ said the show's curator.
Pope Says Paris Terror Attacks Part Of 'Piecemeal Third World War' \There is no religious or human justification for it.\
Imams Sing French National Anthem At Bataclan The theater was the site of the worst violence during Friday's terror attacks in Paris.
A Message Of Support For Muslims After Paris Attacks Is Lighting Up The Internet An emotional conversation with a Muslim cab driver in Manhattan inspired Alex Malloy to speak out.
Thousands Use #MuslimsAreNotTerrorist To Combat Islamophobia The hashtag was trending on Twitter on Saturday.
The Spiritual Power Of Tattoos Tattoos can serve as stained glass windows, telling the story of the soul.
Why Students At Berklee College Of Music Are Asking, 'What Is Being?' \Is it better to be, rather than to seem?\
This App Will Help You Sort Through Your Views On Dying \u201cOne of the biggest problems right now is that even if you want to have these conversations, most of us have no idea where to start.\
Arab-Jewish School An Island Of Unity Amid Violence \This is the only place where we feel that my children, and my neighbor\u2019s children, are secure.\
Skeletal Remains Of Patron Saint Of Rape Victims Goes On Display Maria Goretti died at the hands of her attacker in 1902.
Rabbi Jonathan Sacks On What It Takes To End Violence In God's Name His new book is a call to all the faiths to make space for the religious \u201cother.\u201d
Christians and Coffee Cups My faith is just destroyed if I don't get my Venti Blonde Roast with room for milk in a cup that features the name of my Lord and Savior.
Are You More Than Your Genes? All Together With Dr. Robert Klitzman What does it really mean to be human?
Is Religiosity Declining Or Simply Transforming? The current revolution in religiosity is making faith more accessible.
Pope Francis Just Released A Pop-Rock Album Italy rejoice!
Episcopal Church Installs First Black Presiding Bishop Bishop Michael Curry was overwhelmingly elected to the church's top post last summer.
All Souls' Day 2015 This Catholic holy day remembers those who have passed.
Pulitzer-Winning Dance Critic On How To Live And Move With Grace Dance critic Sarah Kaufman's new book studies people who have lived with grace -- from Cary Grant to Barack Obama.
7 Deeply Spiritual Moments In Mary Oliver\u2019s New Book Of Poems \Prayers fly from all directions.\
All Saints' Day 2015 On this day Catholics honor all those who have entered heaven.
These Zen Buddhist Koans Will Open Your Mind \Out of nowhere the mind comes forth.\
Philadelphia Honors The Dalai Lama With A 'Day Of Kindness' \Kindness is a deep longing that we have as humanity.\
Why Forgiveness Is At The Center Of Faith For This Black Pastor \Life is too short to harbor ill feelings toward anyone,\ said the Rev. David Triggs.
Pope Criticizes Conservatives At Key Church Gathering VATICAN CITY, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Pope Francis appeared on Saturday to criticize ultra-conservatives after bishops ended a
Pope Francis Ends Synod By Excoriating Bishops With 'Closed Hearts' And 'Heads In The Sand' The synod had \laid bare the closed hearts which frequently hide even behind the Church's teachings or good intentions, in order to sit in the chair of Moses and judge.
What Is Nostra Aetate And What Does It Have To Do With Catholic-Jewish Relations? Let us explain.
Bringing Love Into The Business World It's not only possible, but ultimately is more profitable.
How Emory University Is Getting Students To Ask The Big Questions \We want to help students better understand themselves and the world that they are in.\
This May Be The Secret To Empathy Hint
Pizza Delivery Man Shocked By Church's Mega Tip He struggled with medical bills ... so this church stepped in.
The World's First Permanent Death Cafe Could Soon Come To London \u201cTalking about death is a healthy and productive activity.\u201d
Here's What Ahmed Mohamed Has Been Up To Since His Clock Arrest Go, Ahmed, go!
Sikhs Serve Thousands Free Lunch At Utah Conference To Demonstrate Equality \We\u2019re all equal before God.\
'Hoodie Monks' Use Hip Hop To Impart Buddhist Wisdom Spittin' dharma like no one's business.
These 15 Tiny Churches Have Plenty Of Personality Tiny church, huge spirit.
Here's A Sneak Preview Of Pixar's New Short On Hindu American Families \Sanjay's Super Team\ is a fascinating look at culture and religion in second generation Indian families.
What To Do When Patients Believe God Has Abandoned Them Patients who hold negative spiritual beliefs, such as asserting that God is punishing them or that he's abandoned them, experience
Parents Arrested After 19-Year-Old Dies In Church 'Counseling Session' His younger brother was hospitalized in critical condition.
Rev. Run Reveals The Most Important Principle In Any Religion Preach.
Chicago Archbishop Questions Second Amendment's Relevance, Calls For Tough Gun Control Laws \u201cWe must act in ways that promote the dignity and value of human life. And we must do it now.\u201d
No, Franklin Graham. Removal Of Ten Commandments Monument Is Nothing Like ISIS Rampages So stop trying to compare them.
Pope's Visit Didn't Do Much To Change Americans' Opinion Of Him Francis' overall favorable rating now stands at 68% among U.S. adults.
Sorry, Islamophobes After hearing about armed protests scheduled to take place around mosques, the interfaith community rallied around Muslims.
In Major Shift, Rabbinical School Allows Students With Non-Jewish Partners A big win for interfaith couples.
8 Do's And Don'ts Of Religion-Themed Halloween Costumes Be respectful and have fun.
Religion Scholar Says Spiritual Revolution Begins In Nature Diana Butler Bass' new book explores finding God in the physical world.
How Joy Is Neccesary For The 'Good Life' In the back of our minds are always questions. What is life for? Is this what I am meant to do? Am I living life to the fullest?  Where's the joy? How can I live 'the Good Life?'
How We Begin to Shift the Christian Stereotype When he said, \Amen,\ I raised my head. I watched the elders pick up the communion plates and methodically distribute them. As they came close to our row, I dropped my head again. I already knew I couldn't have any. I felt the painful awkwardness of being where I didn't belong.
Muslims Respond To Hateful Protests With Voter Registration Drives \u201cIn the face of hatred, the Muslim community will respond by asserting its rights as American citizens and voters.\u201d
Church Cross Saves Woman And Grandson Caught In Flood \I said, 'dear Lord are you taking me home right now?' \
The Most Kick- (Satan In The) Ass Christian Rock Album Covers Ever Online streaming deprives fans of inspired cover art.
Vatican \[Gay people] are our sons and daughters and brothers and sisters and neighbors and colleagues.\
Pastors Struggle To Bring Healing After Oregon Shooting \We will not be defined by violence.\
34,000 Sign Petition Against Archbishop Who Reportedly Invited Kim Davis To Meet Pope \Inviting Kim Davis to a reception with Pope Francis . . . was a mean-spirited insult.\
Iraqi Christians Fleeing ISIS Find New Home In French Town \Lourdes is like a flower offering us her perfume.\
Pope Francis Champions Mercy At Family Synod VATICAN CITY (AP) \u2014 Pope Francis on Monday told a contentious gathering of the world's bishops on family issues to put aside
Southern Baptist Leader Speaks Out Against Controversial Therapy For Gays Christians have sinned against gays by \reducing a massive human struggle to simplistic explanations,\ said Albert Mohler.
At Synod Opening Pope Francis Reminds Everyone That The Catholic Church Is Against Gay Marriage Pope Francis reminds everyone that the Catholic Church is against gay marriage at opening of synod on the family
Stunning Sunsets Reminds Us To Experience Awe In Daily Life Never doubt the power of a simple sunset\u00a0to inspire a deep sense of wonder and gratitude.\u00a0 Photographer Kim Weiss has spent
Why Pastor Nadia Bolz-Weber Thinks Church Is For Losers \We connect to each other and to God through our shared brokenness.\
The Deep Roots Of Mormon Feminism An extraordinary conversation about the past, present and future of Mormon gender equality.
Vatican Fires Gay Priest On Eve Of Synod VATICAN CITY (AP) -- The Vatican on Saturday fired a monsignor who came out as gay on the eve of a big meeting of the world's
Why The Pope's Mention Of Thomas Merton Was More Controversial Than You Think The Pope held up Thomas Merton as a model of faith but some American Bishops excised him from the catechism
10 Essential Books To Help You Explore The Sikh Faith Find a comfortable nook, settle in and let these books be your guide.
Vatican VATICAN CITY (AP) \u2014 The Vatican said Friday that Pope Francis' meeting with Kim Davis, the Kentucky clerk who went to jail
'God Bless The Military' Sign Sparks Religious Freedom Fight On Marine Base If the sign isn't removed, a group demands more signs, including one saying, \There is no god...We have each other.\
An Evangelical Case For Animal Rights \God has given all animals the breath of life.\
LGBT Catholics Confused And Hurt By Pope's Visit With Kim Davis Others say Kim Davis is the main person at fault.
Vandals Topple Statue Of Saint Junipero Serra Who Pope Francis Canonized During His Trip Pope Francis made the controversial Spanish missionary Junipero Serra a saint just last Wednesday.
How Jewish Soul Food Is Bringing Healing To This Polish Town Emily Alana Schneider, a 23-year-old from Melbourne, Australia, was on her way to show her mother their ancestral home in
Pope \I don\u2019t judge someone who can\u2019t forgive.\
Pope Francis' Remarks To Inmates At Curran-Fromhold Correctional Facility (Full Transcript) \Confinement is not the same thing as exclusion.\
Pope Francis Thinks You Spend Too Much Time On Facebook Social network \friends\ aren't real friends, says the pontiff.
Pope Makes Surprise Stop To Bless Statue Of Catholic-Jewish Unity Students and faculty at Saint Joseph's University came out in full force to witness the pontiff's historic visit.
Pope Leaves The U.S. After Moving 6-Day Visit Vice President Joe Biden came to say farewell to the pontiff before his plane took off for Rome.
Pope Appeals To Let Love Heal All Wounds At Festival Of Families Francis went off-script to laud the power of love within families and couples.
Pope Francis Meets Baby Pope, Everything Is Perfect \He told his security guard to tell us that we have a great sense of humor.\
What Happens After You See Pope Francis? New Yorkers Reflect On His Visit. Here's a microcosm of the \Francis effect.\
Pope Francis Speaks To Bishops On Gay Marriage And Families In Philadelphia He addressed bishops at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary this morning.
Pope Offers Classic Sunday Sermon To Move The Faithful On Last Day In U.S. \u201cFaith grows when it is lived and shaped by love.\u201d
Pope's Homily At Mass Concluding U.S. Visit (Full Transcript) Pope Francis celebrated Mass before a crowd of almost one million on Philadelphia's Benjamin Franklin Parkway on Sunday. The
Pope Francis Meets With Survivors Of Sex Abuse \I am deeply sorry for the times when you or your family spoke out, to report the abuse, but you were not heard or believed.\
The Pope's Hypocritical Stance Towards Indigenous Americans Opens New Wounds Pope Francis, you are likely a wonderful person but you apparently have little sense of justice when it comes to the marginalized and still disenfranchised Indigenous peoples of America.
Pope Francis Arrives In Philadelphia For Weekend Celebrating Catholic Families He'll be the star attraction at the World Meeting of Families and celebrate a huge outdoor Mass.
Pope's Message On Religious Freedom At Independence Mall (Full Transcript) Pope Francis addressed a group of immigrants and Hispanic Americans at Philadelphia's Independence Mall on Saturday, delivering
At Philly's Independence Mall, Pope Francis Offers His Definition Of Religious Freedom He urged followers of all faiths to advocate for \u201cpeace, tolerance and respect for the dignity and rights of others.\
Pope Francis' Mass At Madison Square Garden (Full Transcript) As released by the Vatican. We are in Madison Square Garden, a place synonymous with this city. This is the site of important
Police Move Homeless Off Philadelphia Streets Before Pope's Visit It's an \unusual\ move amid the pontiff's repeated calls to welcome the poor.
Pope Francis' Message To Philadelphia Catholics At The Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul The pope praised Philadelphia's religious history in front of 1,600 people.
Hundreds Turned Away From Only Session On Gays At Catholic Meeting The room was changed last minute from one that could hold 10,000 to another that seated just 1,000.
Why One Atheist Wants To Hear The Pope Speak In Philly Max Hodey may not agree about God, but he thinks the pope could do some good.
Mo Rocca's Starring Role In Pope's Mass Thrills LGBT Advocates Activists hailed the symbolism of the openly gay reporter's participation while calling for more systemic change in the church.
Pope Blesses Girls In Wheelchairs During New York City Trip During his busy trip to New York City, Pope Francis is still taking time to bless those in need. As his plane landed at JFK
Pope Addresses 'Shame' Of Clergy Abuse At St. Patrick's Cathedral The pontiff also warned against luxury and greed.
Pope Urges Immigrants, East Harlem Children To 'Keep Dreaming' Francis evoked the spirit of Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in his address.
Pope's Madison Square Garden Address Challenges New Yorkers To See Jesus 'At The Edges' \Big cities conceal the faces of all those people who don\u2019t appear to belong, or are second-class citizens.\
What The Pope's Visit Means For Black Catholics \We carry out the same mission that he has in store, to serve.\
Protesting Priests Urge Pope To End 'Thousands Of Years Of Misogyny' \He made eye contact with us!\ one protester said. \He looked right at our signs!\
How Pope's Visit To Ground Zero Will Bring Interfaith Healing The event will demonstrate, as Pope Francis has said, \u201cthe power of faith to battle hate.\u201d
How Synagogues Honor Non-Jewish Congregants On Yom Kippur A tradition that started in 2004 is still going strong to this day.
Pope Francis Addresses President Obama And Guests At White House (Full Transcript) Here's the full text of the speech.
Pope Francis Is Saying What The World Needs To Hear On poverty, peace and the planet.
The Pope Doesn't Belong In Any Political Category, And Here's Why Francis \transcends\ politics, Washington Post contributor Mary C. Curtis tells HuffPost Live.
Phyllis Tickle Dead The author died peacefully in her sleep, according to her family.
Pope Francis Meets With U.S. Catholic Bishops At Cathedral of St. Matthew The pope visited the Cathedral of St. Matthew for prayers with the U.S. Catholic bishops.
Pope Francis Lands Near Washington For First Trip To The United States He's finally here!
Native Americans Decry Sainthood For California's Iconic Missionary Jun\u00edpero Serra \created and brought genocide to the California Indian people.\
How Members Of Congress Will Be Prevented From Touching The Pope Too many members cannot be trusted to behave themselves when Pope Francis comes to the Capitol, the congressional leadership
How The Catholic Church In America Is Doing On The Eve Of Pope Francis's Visit There's good news, and there's bad news.
Conservatives Upset That Gay Catholics Were Invited To Meet Pope Francis At The White House But how does the Vatican feel?
Compelling Photos Capture Pope Francis' Visit To Cuba You can see the love.
Pope Francis Shares Rare English-Language Greeting Ahead Of U.S. Visit \See you in Philadelphia!\
Pope Celebrates Mass In Havana, Warns Against Dangers Of Ideology \Service is never ideological, for we do not serve ideas, we serve people,\ the pope said in his homily.
Pope Francis Meets With Fidel Castro In Cuba A Papal spokesman said during the conversation, Fidel wanted to reflect on big issues and questions facing the world and humanity.
Yom Kippur 2015 Dates, prayers, history and more.
Shaman Explains How Ayahuasca Can Facilitate A Spiritual Awakening There's a lot more to learn about this powerful, psychoactive brew that's gaining popularity in North America.
We Can Prevent Veteran Suicides Janci, an Iraq war veteran, swallowed a fistful of pills and a bottle of wine. She called a friend and asked him to take care of her young daughter, who was in school. She locked all the doors and windows and waited for the mercy of death to free her from the ghosts that haunted her.
How Will Pope Francis Change America? Morality, in the American political context, is almost universally thought of as consisting principally of the range of sexual issues.  In contrast, morality, for Pope Francis, is much more encompassing.  It includes the ways in which strangers are welcomed, the climate is repaired, and money, markets, and capital are put in proper perspective.
Pope To Offer Solidarity With Cubans On Trip To U.S. Pope Francis began a 10-day trip to Cuba and the United States on Saturday, embarking on his first trip to the onetime Cold
The Key To Understanding Pope Francis Because he's free!
Archbishop Of Canterbury Justin Welby Is Proposing Big Changes For The Anglican Communion The Anglican Communion has been shaken by internal conflicts over the inclusion of LGBT people and the ordination of women.
Why a Pub at St. Mary's University? On Thursday evening, St. Mary's University dedicated and opened the Contreras Family Terrace, which includes a pub. But a few have questioned, \Why has a Catholic university established a gathering space that serves alcohol?\
Louisville Will Not Let Vandalized Islamic Center Suffer Alone \An act like this will not be tolerated in our community.\
Hundreds Gather At Louisville Mosque To Paint Over Hateful Graffiti \Everyone is working together and in unison and that's the true spirit of the city and its residents.\
This Priest Hand-Delivered A DVD To Pope Francis About LGBT Catholics The Pope said, \I would love to visit and talk to gay and lesbian people,\ Father Martinez recalled.
Pope Francis Will Visit Some Truly Historic Churches In The U.S. He will deliver Mass in the largest Catholic church in North America.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
What Makes This Year's Rosh Hashanah Different? Two rabbis, one from America and one from France, tackle this important question.
Saudi Businessman Donates 10 Million To Create Islamic Law Center At Yale It remains to be seen how seriously the Yale faculty will take Islamic law.
Pope Francis Will Visit Three African Countries In November He's scheduled to go to Kenya, Uganda and the Central African Republic.
Half Of Former Catholics Have Forsaken Religion Altogether And the majority of them say they are unlikely to return to the church.
Jewish Beekeepers Sweeten Rosh Hashanah, New Year Holiday Don't miss the honey cake recipe at the end.
A Gay Muslim Films His Hajj Pilgrimage To Mecca \u201cI even wrote my will before I left because I did not know if I would come back alive.\u201d
Accidental Saint F-Bombs included.
Rosh Hashanah 2015 Here's what you need to know.
Why Some Mormons Are Preparing For Doomsday It could be just around the corner.
The Sikh Boy Who Developed Breasts And Grew Up To Don A Superhero Uniform In my early childhood photos I look like a healthy kid with a cute smile on my face. All that appears to have changed somewhere around 1st grade. Photos past that point are without a smile.
10,000 Tickets To See Pope's Philadelphia Mass Snagged In 30 Seconds Now beware of scalpers.
Inderjit Singh Mukker, Chicago-Area Sikh, Allegedly Attacked And Called 'Terrorist,' 'Bin Laden' \No American should be afraid to practice their faith in our country.\
Navy Decides To Keep Chaplain Who Allegedly Shamed Female And Gay Sailors Lt. Cmdr. Wesley Modder will be able to retire in good standing.
Pope Announces Sweeping Reforms To Annulments Under the new rules, annulments can be made faster and cheaper.
One Woman's Journey Growing Up Transgender And Mormon \I succumbed to my spirit and what it needed.\
Muslim Flight Attendant Says She's Suspended For Not Serving Alcohol \No one should have to choose between their career and religion.\
Secret Service Bans Selfie Sticks During Pope's Philadelphia Visit Leave your balloons, bicycles, and pets at home, too.
What You Need To Know About Getting Tickets To See The Pope In Philly And when you do and do not need them.
New Annulment Process To Be Good News For Divorced Catholics A practical step forward.
Vatican Says Transgender Man Cannot Become A Godparent The church claimed it was not being discriminatory.
Pope Calls On Every European Parish To Take In One Migrant Family Francis said taking in migrant families was a \concrete gesture\ to prepare for the extraordinary Holy Year on the theme of mercy.
Video Appears To Show Man Floating Around Kaaba In A 'Hoverboard' Is this guy for real?
This 'River Church' Does Religion Right Why drive to church when you can paddle?
Grief for Aylan Kurdi and the Syrian Refugees The body of a two year old boy named Aylan, a refugee from Syria, washed up onto a beach in Turkey. The photo of his little body has caused international grief and outrage, as it should.
The Business of Faith - An Interview with Al Erisman 
Ahead Of Pope's U.S. Visit, Survey Finds Many Catholics Disagree With Church On LGBT Families One researcher was \struck by the high level of dissent\u201d from church teachings by Catholics. Still, they remain loyal to the church.
Pope Francis To Allow Priests To Forgive Women Who Had Abortions VATICAN CITY, Sept 1 (Reuters) - Pope Francis will give all priests discretion during the Roman Catholic Church's upcoming
Obama Rejects Iran Deal Critics' Charges Of Anti-Semitism Obama sat down with leading American Jewish voices to defend the nuclear deal with Iran.
Why One Pennsylvania Public School Is Keeping Its Ten Commandments Monument The statue has been at  Connellsville Area Junior High School since the 1950s.
What 4 Top Catholic Archbishops Expect From The Pope's Visit Social justice and climate change are some of the pontiff's hallmark issues, but these bishops are ready to be surprised.
Hispanic Churches Look Within To Nurture Musical Leadership Many are opening in-house music schools to train young people to lead them.
'Nuns On The Bus' To Drive Through Seven States To Greet The Pope They plan to park themselves where the pope can see them.
A Muslim And A Jew Meet On A College Campus -- And It's Beautiful And how you can do it too.
Ashley Madison And The Clergy Church leaders need to be able to admit that we are not perfect people and that our lives are a journey and that none of us has reached perfection. We need to be humble and to embrace our flawed humanity as we seek through our faith and experience to better ourselves.
\Evangelicals Love Donald Trump!\ Wait, What? I understand why Donald Trump's sideshow antics are appealing. Who doesn't love locker room humor in a presidential election? What I don't understand is why all this mean-spirited craziness is appealing to evangelicals.
Why Is The Southern Baptist Convention Cutting Hundreds Of Jobs? As many as 800 employees from the overseas missions agency will soon be unemployed.
LGBT Mormons See Church's Stance On Gay Boy Scout Leaders As Another (Tiny) Step Forward The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints can still choose to ban openly gay scout leaders.
J Street Elects Muslim President For Student Arm Amna Farooqi says she loves Israel and cares deeply about Palestinians
Jain Sect's Death Ritual Clashes With Indian Government's Laws About Suicide \u201cJust as English often flattens translations from Sanskrit by describing all nine varieties of love as \u2018love,\u2019 so it is with death.\u201d
Pope's Philadelphia Visit Will Require The Help Of 10K Volunteers All hands on deck.
Arkansas State Official Rejects Request To Place Statue Of Hindu Deity On Capitol Grounds Arkansas is okay with having a Ten Commandments monument on Capitol grounds, but a state official just denied a request for a statue of Lord Hanuman, a Hindu deity.
Watch Jewish Moms Try To Win Bachelorette's Heart For Their Sons \I really enjoyed breastfeeding, and he did too.\
Jimmy Carter Faithfully Teaches Sunday School Before Cancer Treatment A faithful man.
Jews On Judaism -- Unfiltered They just think no Rabbi is listening
Pope Francis Quiz Pope Francis\u00a0will make his first trip to the United States\u00a0in September, and his Mass in Philadelphia is expected to draw
A New Synagogue In Chicago Is Billing Itself As 'Non-Zionist' For Rabbi Brant Rosen, it's about \u201cbearing witness to oppression, particularly when it\u2019s being done in our name as Americans and as Jews.\u201d
26 Books Every 'Spiritual But Not Religious' Seeker Should Read If you're on a spiritual quest, these books will open you up to wonder.
An Open Letter to Anna Duggar Dear Anna, there will be Christian voices that will say you need to stay with Josh.  They will tell you that you should forgive him. But Anna, you don't have to stay to forgive. I can't tell you what you should or shouldn't do, but I can tell you, and every woman in your situation, that you have choices.
Woman Priest Violently Attacked In New York City Dr. Alexandra Dyer is part of a movement trying to change to the Catholic Church's stance on women's ordination.
Deah Barakat's Family And Friends Are Turning His Tweet Into A Reality Before his death, the Chapel Hill shooting victim tweeted about his dream for his community. His loved ones aren't going to let that dream fade away.
Mormon Leaders Appoint Three Women To Top Church Positions It's a historic move for the faith, which has been exclusively led by men.
Prayer Book Of WWII Veteran Returned To Family 70 Years Later It was found in New Zealand and returned safely to Pennsylvania.
Pope Francis Denounces Labor Markets That Put Profit Over People Unemployment means \grave social harm,\ the pontiff said.
One Woman's Experience With 'Post-Traumatic Church Syndrome' What do you do when the faith you grew up in just doesn't make sense anymore?\u00a0 This is the dilemma Reba Riley, a 33-year
Oliver Sacks, Acclaimed Author And Neurologist, Reflects On What Faith Means At The End Of Life \I find my thoughts drifting to the Sabbath, the day of rest, the seventh day of the week, and perhaps the seventh day of one\u2019s life as well.\
Exhibit Explores Indiana Jones's Quest For Religious Relics Sacred artifacts make religion \u201cphysical in a way that\u2019s hard to ignore.\u201d
Why Do Black Churches Have Steady Membership While Other Christian Denominations Decline? \u201cI think black churches do a whole lot more than religion.\u201d
These Are The Most Protestant U.S. Cities Nashville tops the list.
Most Americans Don't Think Divorce Is A Sin Fewer than 1 in 4 Americans would call divorce \sinful.\
Federal Court Rules Against Anti-Muslim Bus Ads Pamela Geller's group cannot post disparaging ads on Washington buses.
Italian Priest Offers 'Baby Bonus' Money To Parishioners Who Have Three Or More Kids \u201cOur parish wants to give concrete help in this moment of crisis for families, that with courage accept the gift of a child!\u201d
Texas Jewish Neighborhood Hit With Disgusting Anti-Semitic Graffiti At least 30 cars and houses were defaced with hateful messages.
\War Room\ Has The One Thing Many Christian Films Don't Have -- A Black Cast \u201cThere is an element to the way we tell this story that has power and desperation that would be different if we tried to tell it any other way.\u201d
A Guide To Gun Stores And Ranges Declaring 'Muslim-Free' Zones An advocacy group likened the bans to \whites only\ signs of an earlier era.
Toronto's Atheist Minister Faces Church Court After Questioning Christianity For At Least 14 Years Rev. Gretta Vosper doesn't \believe in the god called God.\u201d
East Harlem Awaits Pope's Visit To Our Lady Queen Of Angels School \People want to see him. They're crazy about him.\
100 Women Will Walk 100 Miles To Inspire Pope Francis To Keep Talking About Immigration \u201cWe can't keep separating families.\u201d
What This 94-Year-Old Can Teach The World About Bucket Lists Shirley Bachelder placed an ad on TV with the simple message
Vandals Cut 'Black' From Church's 'Black Lives Matter' Sign -- Twice \u201cWe are sad and angry about this violation of our public witness.\
How Saudi Arabia's Princess Reema Is Opening Doors For Women \She comes from a country where women can't drive, can't go outside, can't go to restaurants, can't socialize, can't, can't
Sherri Shepherd Takes Us On A Journey Of Faith And Food Eating can be a religious experience.
How #BlackLivesMatter Inspires People To Put Faith Into Action \How can we continue with business as usual?\
How Salma Hayek's New Film 'Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet' Brings Together 'All Religions' \Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet\ has a unique message for children, the actress tells HuffPost Live.
Civil Rights Hero Memorialized At Washington National Cathedral Jonathan Myrick Daniels sacrificed his life for a fellow civil rights worker.
One Of Pope Francis's Top U.S. Allies To Become Vatican Delegate Chicago Archbishop Blase Cupich will play a special role at the upcoming summit on the family.
The BBC Is Filming \Songs Of Praise\ At Migrant Church In Calais And Some People Are Furious TV crews plan to broadcast footage from a migrant camp in Calais, France full of people hoping to reach Britain.
How The Black Lives Matter Movement Changed The Church And the work that remains.
The 30 Least Religious Cities In The United States Portland tops the list.
Bernie Sanders To Speak At Liberty University This should be interesting!
Quiz Who participated in an exorcism? And other important questions.
The Magical Headspace Of Muslim Artist Noor Al-Mosawi It's about \finding a grounding, stabilizing energy in our lives, regardless of what's swirling around us.\
Fired Lesbian Catholic School Teacher Locked Out Of Archdiocese While Trying To Deliver Petitions More than 23,000 people have Margie Winters' back -- but the Archdiocese of Philadelphia didn't get to meet her.
Officer Shot On Duty Says God Told Him To Put On Life-Saving Vest \There was a voice that told me grab my vest. I know it was God.\
New Mexico Gov Gov. Martinez said that if the intention was to bring fear to those who worship, it was a failed effort.
Bombs Explode Outside 2 Churches In Las Cruces, New Mexico LAS CRUCES, N.M. (AP) \u2014 A pair of small explosions just 20 minutes and a few miles apart shocked congregants Sunday morning
Russian Orthodox Church Pushes For Control Of St. Petersburg's Famous Cathedral St. Isaac's Cathedral is one of the world's biggest -- and the church wants it back.
Extreme Measures Americans Are Already Taking Before Pope Visit Ever slept in a zoo?
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony Describes The Role Of Religion In Its Raps The Cleveland group says religious beliefs had a \major effect\ on its lyrics.
How Do Jewish Conversions Work? It'll take a minimum of one year.
Lions and Kings There is certainly a lot of outrage over the killing of Cecil the Lion by an American dentist. Yet, as Americans have grieved and raged against the killing of Cecil, many have not put that same energy and empathy into grieving and raging against the slaughter of African Americans in the U.S., especially by police.
Anti-Semitic Graffiti Mars Monument During Berlin Maccabi Games The defaced monument shows a Jewish Star of David on the German flag
Philadelphia In A State Of Panic As Pope Visit Nears Lack of information is breeding confusion.
Why Some Feminists Refuse To Give Up On Their Faith \The traditions themselves are not oppressive. It\u2019s the interpretations that are.\
Sikhs Mark Anniversary Of Temple Shooting With Community Service \Regardless of what the situation is, we need to always spread love and peace and keep helping each other.\
Florida Gun Store Sued After Declaring 'Muslim-Free Zone' The declared policy sparked widespread controversy, and now brings legal trouble for the gun shop owner.
Muslim Funny Fest Is Using Comedy To Overcome Stigma \u201cWith comedy, you can reach people who will never go to a lecture on Muslims.\
The Effects Of Israel's Wars On Diaspora Jews Members of Israeli security forces stand during clashes with Palestinian protesters on July 24, 2015. The Israeli cabinet
American Jewish Leaders Dismayed By Mike Huckabee\u2019s Iran Deal Remarks \Oppose the policy but don't use this tragedy as a vehicle for doing so.\
Christians And Muslims Pray Together At A Chattanooga Mosque Still Coming To Grips With Shooting CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) - A small group of Christians visited a mosque in\u00a0Chattanooga to pray alongside Muslim worshippers
Georgia Pastor Has No Time For Anti-LGBT Hypocrites \u201cYou can\u2019t evangelize and antagonize at the same time.\u201d
'Bishop Of Bling' To Be Held Accountable For Excesses PARIS (RNS) A German Catholic diocese wants to take episcopal responsibility to a new level by making its disgraced former
Prominent Atheist Richard Dawkins Says Islam Needs A 'Feminist Revolution' Maybe somebody's got a savior complex.
Houses Of Worship Explore Creative Designs To Serve People With Disabilities Sanctuary of Bet Shalom synagogue, in Minnetonka, Minnesota, designed by Bentz/Thompson/Rietow with a building committee
God and the Battle Over Women's Bodies (All Together Podcast) What happens when we explore the parallels between wars among nations and the war on women's bodies.
Religious Persecution On the Rise With religious liberty under siege around the world, people of goodwill should stand for the rights of believers everywhere. Unpopular minority faiths are like the proverbial canary in the mine
Buddhist Nuns Preserve Tradition Of Korean Temple Food Detox diets come and go, like any other fad. In South Korea, one popular diet has staying power. It has been around for at
How An Iowa Bike Ride Is Promoting Rights For World's Muslim Women \I never set out to be this role model.\
Rep. Keith Ellison Is Optimistic About Americans Overcoming Stereotypes Of Muslims A recently released Gallup poll\u00a0showed that 60 percent of American adults would be willing to vote for a well-qualified Muslim
American Sculptor Prepares Delicately Crafted Gift For Pope Francis In his studio in his serene backyard in Deptford, Frank Seder Jr. meticulously shaved a fine layer along a curve of a wooden
A Frightening Proposal To Intern Muslim Americans Terrorist violence can make the previously unthinkable suddenly seem acceptable. The\u00a0levels of surveillance\u00a0introduced after
5 Faith Facts About Gov. John Kasich (RNS) Ohio Republican Gov. John Kasich, a former altar boy\u00a0who grew up to be an abortion opponent who backs the death penalty
Florida Gun Store Sets Up A 'Muslim-Free Zone' After Chattanooga Shooting The owner of a gun store in Florida is\u00a0responding\u00a0to last\u00a0week's\u00a0shooting in\u00a0Chattanooga, Tennessee, which killed five service
China Claims Imprisoned Tibetan Lama Died Of Cardiac Arrest, Cremates His Body BEIJING (AP) \u2014 The cause of death of a Tibetan lama who was serving a life sentence in a Chinese prison was cardiac arrest
Texas Residents Attempt To Block Plan For Muslim Cemetery A family gathers in prayer as they visit a family member buried in the Islamic Garden at Restland Cemetery Friday, July 17
Muslim Prisoners Say They Are Forced To Compromise Beliefs In Miami-Dade Prisons Muslim inmates in facilities within the Miami-Dade County Corrections and Rehabilitation Department say they've been forced
Kate Kelly When I was excommunicated from the Mormon church just over a year ago, I was widely quoted as saying, \u201cDon\u2019t leave. Stay
North Carolina Hindu Temple Sign Found Riddled With Holes From Shotgun Blasts A North Carolina sheriff\u2019s department says there\u2019s no evidence that shots fired through the sign for a planned Hindu temple
U.S. Jewish Groups Join Recovery Efforts After Israeli Church Arson Attack JERUSALEM (RNS) Two prominent American Jewish organizations are among those helping a torched Israeli church recover from
Vatican Lends Helipad To Pediatric Hospital VATICAN CITY (AP) - The Vatican's helipad is going to be getting a lot busier, for a good cause. The Vatican on Friday signed
Frugal Options For Pope's Philadelphia Visit Include Sleeping On Floors PHILADELPHIA (AP) - There aren't enough beds for the more than 1 million visitors expected to flood Philadelphia when Pope
Harper Lee's 'Watchmen' Infused With Religious Symbolism (RNS) Harper Lee\u2019s \u201cnew\u201d book \u201cGo Set a Watchman\u201d is infused with religious life and Christian moral argument, from its title
A Joyous Eid In Somalia As Muslims around the world celebrated\u00a0Eid al-Fitr\u00a0on Friday, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow\u00a0was in Somalia, capturing the festivities
What's Behind Our Fascination And Fear Of Ouija Boards? It's only a game --- isn't it?
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
It's That Time Of Year When 700 Mormons Put On Costumes For The Hill Cumorah Pageant MANCHESTER, N.Y. \u2014 Christian Hancey is a lawyer, not an actor. But for the next week, the Pittsford, N.Y., father of four
How Qatar Is Recruiting Muslims For Organ Donation As throngs of people head to Qatar's malls at the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, it is Yassir Yosri's job to ask
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Snapchat Honors Muslim Holiday With Live Video Feed \Mecca deserves to be seen by the whole world.\
India Mourns After 27 Pilgrims Are Killed In A Stampede During A Religious Bathing Festival HYDERABAD, India (AP) \u2014 At least 27 people were killed and dozens injured Tuesday in a stampede during a Hindu religious
Vatican Says It Views Iran Deal In A 'Positive Light' World powers announced on Tuesday that an agreement\u00a0had been reached with Iran to limit the country\u2019s nuclear activity -- and
5 Faith Facts About Scott Walker He left a church that was starting to welcome gays and lean leftward.
Death With Dignity Advocates Say Most Catholic Voters Support The Right To Die A proposed bill in California that would have allowed terminally ill patients the right to die failed to advance\u00a0last
Pope Francis Ends South America Trip By Urging Young People To 'Make A Mess' \Make a mess, but then also help to tidy it up.\
Pope Francis Will Study American Critics Of His Economic Policy Before Visit To The U.S. Pope Francis acknowledged on Monday he had neglected problems of the middle class and said he was willing to have a dialogue
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
UNESCO Weighs In On Debate Over Where Jesus Was Baptized AL-MAGHTAS, Jordan (AP) \u2014 For years, Christian pilgrims have waded into the Jordan River from both its eastern and western
Pope Wraps Up South American Tour With Visit To Banado Norte Slum For weeks, residents in the area and authorities have been preparing for the visit, doing everything from draining some of the roads to making rosaries to give the pope as gifts.
Pope Praises Jesuit Missions In Paraguay After Apology For Church Crimes Against Indigenous Peoples ASUNCION, Paraguay \u2014 Pope Francis is balancing out his apology\u00a0for the crimes the Catholic Church committed against indigenous
Pope Francis Condemns Corruption And 'Unbridled Capitalism' In South America Pope Francis called for a change to the world economic order, stamping out unbridled capitalism.
Catholic Families Are Strong On Prayer But Weak On Sacraments, According To Study (RNS) Most of today\u2019s American Catholic parents don\u2019t go to Mass, provide any Catholic education for their children or stress
This Is What An Evangelical Festival Looks Like The sky-blue walls of the former Vaudeville theater thundered with faith on Sunday morning in Corona, Queens. Some 600 worshipers
Pope Francis' Mass In Paraguay Is Like A Makeshift Argentine Homecoming Youth groups chanted \Pope Francis, Paraguay is with you!\
Serena Williams' Secret Weapon She and her four older sisters became Witnesses after their mother converted to the faith in the early 1980s.
A Lancet Breakthrough On July 7, the renowned medical publication the Lancet launched a series of articles on faith and health, led by Ed Mills. Lancet Senior Executive Editor Bill Summerskill, made clear that this was a significant departure, a first.
Black Pastors Across America Will Preach About HIV/AIDS This Sunday The black church has always been a place of power for the African-American community. It was where black leaders secretly
Jason Collins Has Game -- And God On sports, spirituality, sexuality and... is he dating anyone?
Pope To Prisoners SANTA CRUZ, Bolivia (AP) - Pope Francis urged inmates at Bolivia's notoriously violent Palmasola prison to not despair on
Pope's Apology For Imperialism Foreshadows Upcoming Canonization Of Junipero Serra (RNS) If Pope Francis\u2019 powerful denunciation\u00a0of the global economic system was the heart of his talk to Bolivians on Thursday
Enter The Magical Tree Church Made From God's Green Earth It took four years to grow all the trees needed to build it.
#BlackMuslimRamadan Aims To Celebrate A Vibrant, Often-Neglected Community It's as much a statement as a celebration.
Indiana's Church Of Cannabis Files Religious Liberty Lawsuit INDIANAPOLIS \u2014 The First Church of Cannabis filed a lawsuit Wednesday\u00a0(July 8) against the state of Indiana and city of Indianapolis
Pope Apologizes For Catholic Church's 'Offenses' Against Indigenous Peoples \I humbly ask forgiveness...for crimes committed against the native peoples during the so-called conquest of America.\
These Muslim Comedians Think Laughter Is The Best Medicine For Hate What do Muslims in America have to laugh about? Quite a lot, say the organizers of New York City\u2019s -- and possibly America\u2019s
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Pope Francis Reaches Out To Bolivia's Poor Workers SANTA CRUZ, Bolivia (AP) \u2014 Pope Francis reached the halfway mark of his South American pilgrimage Thursday, celebrating his
Seventh-Day Adventists Vote To Deny Women's Ordination (RNS) Seventh-day Adventists voted Wednesday (July 8) not to allow\u00a0their regional church bodies to ordain women pastors. The
What 'Scandalous' Changes Could Be Coming To The Catholic Church? It may or may not have something to do with LGBT Catholics.
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
How Black Churches Are Helping Their Communities Get Access To Healthy Food Jesus made a revolutionary statement when he stood on the Mount of Olives and declared
Pastor Flies Christian Flag Above American Flag To Protest Gay Marriage While South Carolina's bill to remove the Confederate battle flag\u00a0from its State House grounds gains momentum, another flag
Invoking God's Name It was scheduled to rain on a big day for my alma mater, and a university big wig told a reverend to pray for God to hold the rain. The reverend chided, \God might have bigger things to worry about. Maybe he even wants it to rain.\
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
Here's Why You Shouldn't Trust the Latest Poll On American Muslims This survey should not be taken seriously. It comes from an organization with a history of producing dubious claims and \studies\ about the threat of shariah, and was administered using an unreliable methodology.
Critics Decry Israeli Cabinet Vote Against Progressive Measures For Jewish Conversion JERUSALEM (RNS) Israeli rights activists say the decision by Israel\u2019s cabinet Sunday to nix the establishment of local conversion
Pope Francis Sends Blessing To Young Athlete Fighting Leukemia Even in the midst of a\u00a0journey to Latin America, Pope Francis took a moment on Sunday to send a message of hope to a young
Pope Francis Makes A Stop In Ecuador To Visit Old Jesuit Friend GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador (AP) - A Spaniard by birth, the Rev. Francisco Cortes walks slowly with a cane with a built-in flashlight
Daily Meditation We all need help maintaining our personal spiritual practice. We hope that these Daily Meditations, prayers and mindful awareness
The Face of God When my turn came to to get my book signed and chat with the author, the conversation turned philosophical, and Rodriguez repeated Mother Teresa's words, \I see the face of God when I look at you.\
The Days of Awakening It's time to remember that someone's color of skin, religion, ethnic background, gender, age, status and traditional or religious attire are not to be used as weapons to oppress or persecute our innate human rights and responsibilities.
The Inspiring Faith Journey Of A Transgender Latina 
Who Plays God In The Movies? 
Take A Tour Of The Vatican's Erotic Gay Art 
11 Religious Americans Who Fought For Freedom Human rights activism was deeply embedded in the life, history and spiritual philosophy of Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel
5 Faith Facts About Chris Christie 
Gay Rights Activist, MLK Mentor To Be Honored In LGBT Celebration 
Too Many Think American = Christian This 4th Of July 
At Ramadan, An Online Petition For Female Reciters 
A Different Type of Independence Freedom without direction leads to confusion, and independence without rules creates chaos. That is why children need rules in order to grow, and adults need a compass in order to navigate the turbulent waves of our world.
Why The Greek Orthodox Church Is Weighing In On The Referendum 
Becoming The Dalai Lama In this wide-ranging conversation we learn about the iconic leader's spiritual formation in Tibet, his extraordinary escape from the Chinese, his interest in science, how he meditates and what compassion means in real life.
Pope Francis To Visit U.S. Prison Housing Ex-Church Official PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A prison that Pope Francis plans to visit during his U.S. trip houses a former church official jailed
I Flinched At Their Forgiveness When I first heard they forgave him, I flinched. Why should they have to do that? So quickly? My visceral response gave way to self-examination. Maybe the family members of those who died at Mother Emanuel are better Christians than I am, with a deeper faith.
What Is the Cost of Grace in Charleston? Obama, Bonhoeffer, and America's Soul Whatever our differences, Christian Americans should lend our ears, if not to Obama's call to our natures' better angels, at least to God's call for universal self-sacrifice and self-reflection on the whole range of pressing moral issues facing America.
My Mother's Love Wins I knew, even as a small child, how meaningful it was that my mother insisted on a life of truth, beauty, love and justice. Her courageous choices were about her, and they were also very much about us, her kids. She knew she had to live a life that would show her children how to fully live.
Hindu Pride and the Future of Hinduism We are not flawless and the Hindu past is not unblemished. The future of our tradition, however, is not contingent on a perfect past or on immunity to criticism in the present.  It depends on its ability to address human problems and to promote the flourishing of all human beings.
The Struggle For The Soul Of The Church The story of the church and LGBT rights is also my story. I first came back to church as a gay, recovering alcoholic. The church taught me that I was beautifully and wonderfully made; and that to love myself and care for myself was a form of gratitude to my Creator. Years later, after I had been with my partner for 11 years, I was married in the Episcopal church we now attend, and It was one of the most moving events of my life.
Daily Meditation 
The Glory Days I slip out the door and join the flow of traffic up the street, noticing someone across it with his eyes fixed on the front of the bar. I reenter the shadows and make my way.
What the Heart of a Tiger Looks Like Dr. SreyReath Kuy and Dr. SreyRam Kuy were recently interviewed by Aimee Herd, Editor of Breaking Christian News (BCN).
 Let everyone not wrapped in tired and disproven doctrines about sex rid themselves of anti-scientific dogmas and be free. The law of grace, not of fear, can now blow freely.
Religious Liberty Those who have fought same-gender marriage now express fears that they will be called upon to do things their consciences will not permit and are clamoring for \religious liberty.\ I can't help but smile at their na\u00efvet\u00e9.
Still Standing - It's Not Over Until God Says It's Over One again she thanked God that she escaped another brush with death, physically intact.
Changing a Church The opportunity now exists for the Episcopal Church to set a different example for how the future might unfold -- not just for itself, but for all the mainline churches. The way of doing that is not to focus on the top, but rather on the bottom, of the structure.
Black Churches In Four States Have Been Destroyed By Fire In The Past Week 
Pope Francis Asks Forgiveness For Church's Persecution Of Waldensians 
Mike Huckabee's Blasphemy? Isn't Mike Huckabee, someone who considers himself a man of faith, taking his Lord's name in vain?
Ramadan Reflection Day 10 Do I believe that most mosques today would let recovering alcoholics and drug addicts speak to their congregations? Probably not. Do I think there is a problem with that? Yes, definitely. Our failure to engage diversity in our communities, inclusive of diversity in terms of life experience, leaves us potentially stunted in our individual and communal growth.
Does Legal Gay Marriage Doom Evangelical Christianity? Why are they so furious about a decision that can have no direct effect on them? A court majority that blithely made \money talks\ the law of the land in Citizens United really cannot  complain about \judicial tyranny\ when it finds itself in the minority.
Where Mormon Feminists Stand A Year After Kate Kelly's Excommunication 
'No Cheap Grace For White America' In Aftermath Of Charleston Shooting 
Crucifying Jesus On The Cross Of White Supremacy (All Together Podcast) I asked Robert Lee what he would say to Dylann Roof if he had a chance to talk to him, and how God would judge the mass murderer. He said
Gay Marriage Can a faithful Christian support the court's decision? What can we say in response to questions voiced by some Christian people?
A Few Confederate Flags Down, But Thousands of Trappings Remain No portrait in any house had ever shocked me more. I recently drove through Mississippi, and stopped in a town known for its extensive pre-Civil War architecture.
A Message Of Hope From A Gay Interspiritual Minister Jesus, a great rabbi and master teacher, never said a word about your orientation/identity other than, \You are the light of the world.\ It is clear to me that if you were going to fry sunny side in hell for eternity because of who you are, he would have at least mentioned it.
Ecstasy And Despair On This Historic Day I am rejoicing today, and ecstatic that in the years to come, the love that I share with my husband and the love that millions of other LGBT Americans experience will be honored and that LGBT people will have gained dignity and justice at last.
Charleston Is Testing the Soul of America It remains to be seen if this racial atrocity will awaken the soul of white America and create a multiracial commitment against the lingering sins of systemic racism. Will the continuing racial injustice in America now be more forthrightly addressed -- by all of us? That will be the moral test of white America's soul.
Is Islamophobia real? Some people ask the question, is there really such a thing as \Islamophobia,\ or are Muslims merely indulging in a culture of victimhood? While most Muslims may feel that even to ask the question is an impertinence, there really are people out there asking it. So let's look at some facts.
How One Historic Church Is Reviving The Spirit Of Dorothy Day 
Daily Meditation 
Debating Forgiveness In The Face Of Hate 
Baha'i Prayer and Quotes About America Although it began in the nineteenth century in what was then Persia, the scriptures of the Baha'i Faith have some specific prayers and passages about the destiny of America that are thought-provoking.
Thank You Mother Emanuel Killing people in cold blood in a sacred space, trespassing on holy ground, I don't fully understand it, nor do I fully understand the faith of those still standing at Mother Emanuel's, after the horrors they've faced there.
5 Faith Facts About Bobby Jindal 
Pope Francis 
Discovering Abby And Becoming Myself I told them about how difficult and sad my life had been and how I had embarked on a spiritual journey to learn how to be happy. It was that journey that led to me peeling off the layers of fear and shame that had protected and cut me off from the world. Underneath, I discovered Abby.
Obama Hosts Annual Ramadan Iftar Dinner At The White House 
We Are Better Than This It has been said that the task of a rabbi is to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable. We are all afflicted. We are afflicted by the horrific murder of nine people gathered for a Bible study at a church in South Carolina
Daily Meditation 
Charleston Church Shooting is a Crime Against all of America 
We're All Connected 
7 Things Kids Love Best About Dads Here is my list of seven life-areas I'm working on today so when tomorrow comes I have no regrets, knowing I did all I could to be the dad my kids love.
Pagans Around the World Join the Pope in Calling for Environmental Action Contemporary Pagan religious practice commonly fosters a sense of spiritual connection with the Earth. Pagans actively try to cultivate a harmonious relationship with the non-human natural world.
More Salt in the Wound #Charleston I was already reeling from the video of Dominican citizens cutting the hair of a Haitian man with scissors as a crowd ridiculed him in the street for his dark skin. I prayed that the baseball bats and machetes would not be swung.
The Pope and the Politics of Hope Pope Francis' encyclical on climate change, Laudato Si, is a bold and brilliant challenge to business as usual. Already, conservatives and liberals alike have mounted rebuttals in ways that illustrate the limits of their own ideologies.
The Charleston Massacre 
A Serious Thank You Note to Jon Stewart & The Daily Show #Charleston Thank you. Before watching your monologue this morning I was numb. Perhaps it was after the Walter Scott video was shown over and over again or the pending repeat of the Parsley Massacre in the Dominican Republic.
Litha 2015 
Muslims And Jews Find Common Ground At Iftar Shabbat Dinner 
Ramadan Reflection Day 3 I had read this verse over and over throughout my life, but when I read it that day, it felt like I was reading it for the first time.  I didn't know how to be appreciative, and the impact it was having on me was quite severe.
Transcending The Controversy On International Day Of Yoga 
The Doors of the Church are Open In honor of those nine souls and of the countless others who preceded them, we will continue to exist, to protest, to remain open, to stand, and to pray. The doors of the church are open.
Remembering The Bittersweet History Of Father's Day 
The Rebbe and Me -- A Tribute to the Lubavitcher Rebbe The Rebbe's attention to my cry changed my life. Without a doubt, the attention that we will devote -- in the Rebbe's honor -- to someone else's cry, will also change other lives, heal our world, and carry on the Rebbe's shining legacy, for eternity.
Why Is This Happening to Me? It's very refreshing to know that mindfulness has grown over the years and has entered the mainstream today as one of the many ways of demonstrating prayer.
Sacred Earth The Jewish world lost one of our greatest voices for feminism and for a just Zionism this week, Rabbi Bonna Devora Haberman\u200b. She was a founder of Women of the Wall, an activist and scholar, and co-director of YTheater, a Israeli Jewish and Palestinian theater company in Jerusalem.
The Long and Proud History of Charleston's AME Church Established by Reverend Richard Allen, a former slave and Methodist preacher, the A.M.E. is the oldest black denomination in the country. Its roots lie in one of the first black religious and mutual help societies, the Free African Society founded by Philadelphia blacks in 1787.
Mass Murder in Norway --- Why Utoya Matters I think a lot today about Utoya, as the headlines report about Charleston.  Very different disasters, very different criminal acts, so convenient in an open society.  Where one has so much opportunity to harm, and far less urgency to do good.  Where hospitality is practiced, and sanctuary a distant dream.
White Christian Allies, Talk About Race From Your Pulpits I don't want to pray for Charleston. I can't. I am an Itinerant Elder in the African Methodist Episcopal Church, yet, prayer doesn't seem like enough. I need action. To my white Christian brethren, I don't need for you to tell me how angry you are. I need you to tell your white friends.
I Hate Him I worry that this primacy of hate over love means he and his kind have won something. I worry that my unwillingness to find forgiveness means I am surrendering something. I worry that for evil to prevail in the world it may be enough for bad people to make good people hate.
Why Do the Hateful Choose Our Houses of Worship? There's a reason the hateful choose houses of worship. It's because that's where so many of us put our hope. You can commit a hateful act anywhere, but if you really want to hurt a community, you choose the place they worship.
Charleston Church Shooting While we tend to speak of the United States as a nation based on freedom, none of us is truly free until all are free. We are bound by the spilling of the blood of our kindred spirits. For that, we mourn.
Darkness Invades a Sanctuary -- But The Darkness Will Not Overcome It To that small minority who see this crime against humanity as a victory
When Violence Visits Our Safest Space When I woke up to news of another church shooting -- of nine people killed in the place you feel safest -- I only want to share the parts that ripped me up. The parts that are still confusing and raw. Because that's what it feels like when someone comes into your life with a gun and tries to kill you.
Black Gun Violence Victim Writes Moving Message On Dylann Roof's Facebook Page 
Historic Black Church Attacked In Charleston Had Deep Roots In Civil Rights, Abolition 
Fox News Pundit Calls Pope Francis 'The Most Dangerous Person On The Planet' 
The Martyrs of Mother Emanuel We as a nation must face racism and reject it --decry it boldly and change it in ourselves. And we must disarm. The storyline seems clear to me. Let this be the last time not the new normal.
An Open Letter to the United Church of Christ Many in your church are aware of the terrible conditions of the Palestinians. My message, as a Palestinian Christian, is a simple one
A Rabbi Walks Into an Evangelical Church Many Jews have stereotypical views of Evangelicals. These stereotypes may persist, but they lack validity. If we are to build meaningful and enriching bridges--bridges that enhance our faiths and ourselves--we need to address and overcome our lingering fears.
Daily Meditation 
Americans Are Less Confident In Organized Religion Than Ever Before 
What The Pope And Thousands of Pagans Have In Common The causes of our environmental crisis are more complex than any single religion. We can neither vilify Christianity, nor idealize ancient pagan religions.
Be a Dog, Get Outdoors, It's National Get Outdoors Day! 
Catholic Couple Embraces 'Who Am I to Judge' Deb and Steve Word have recently been praised by many media outlets including CNN, for taking in LGBT homeless youth. But for Word family it was an easy decision. That's why it's hard for them to understand why the Church refuses to help LGBTQ homeless youth in the first place.
Papal Tribunals Can Pope Francis and thousands of Catholic--and other--personnel recover, emerge, and get back to their vital work, regaining trust?
Ecumenical Patriarch hosts Halki Summit II The keynote address by Patriarch Bartholomew served as a reminder not to undermine the sensory aspects of nature, but to embrace both the tangible and intangible experiences that shape values and actions.
Survival in Paris Noah built an ark, commissioned by God. In Paris, architect Frank Gehry built an ark, commissioned by Louis Vuitton.
Jim Crow Again We must remember that when David was gathering those stones, the giant was still standing, still sucking in the air that those on the other side of the valley were desperately trying to breathe. We live in a time when too many giants are still standing. Poverty. Racism. Discrimination. Oppression. Inequality.
Portrait of a Peacebuilder Dr. Vinya Ariyaratne leads one of the world's most admired development initiatives
\u2018The Jim Gaffigan Show' mixes comic's humor and religion 
Why North Carolina's Unprecedented Exemption Is Wrong For America Some would say that LGBT people can simply find another magistrate to marry them; indeed, the North Carolina law requires that one be made available. This does mitigate some of the harm.
The Heart of Ramadan What are the practices that lead to deep spiritual growth? How can fasting help focus attention on what matters? What do those who observe the fast hoping to learn?  These are the questions of the Holy Month of Ramadan.
12 Top Religious Leaders On Why We Need An Open Internet 
Why Mike Huckabee Fails His Christian Duty By Mocking Transgender People 
Daily Meditation 
Ancient Byzantine Church Discovered During Highway Construction In Israel 
Iraqi Catholic Bishop Still Has Vivid Memories Of Mosul's Fall 
Breaking Down the Extremist Barriers to Tolerance and Understanding Racism and bigotry can infect the fabric of a community, leading to a slow erosion of its democratic values and ideals. But what factors contribute to the rise of these judgments of character in the first place?
Rape, Incest, Health Risk -- Safe Abortions Are a Must! We call on President Obama and his administration to use all means to provide the full range of reproductive health care needed by women, girls, and their families throughout the world. Don't let broken policy practices continue to harm the health of women.
To Serve and to Keep Efforts like those of EcoPeace come at a critical moment in human history. Environmental degradation and climate change have become the focus of concern for people of all faiths worldwide.
Can Evangelicals and Christians Coexist in America? I just read an article entitled, \Can Gays and Christians Coexist in America?\ Once again, I find myself annoyed by the presumption--the enduring arrogance present in unself-critically asserting that the \Christian position\ with respect to LGBTQ people is by definition condemnatory.
Pope Francis and Climate Change Neither a single individual, a single passage, nor even a single religious tradition should be regarded as the source or solution for climate change.
Israeli President Cancels Bar Mitzvah Conducted By Non-Orthodox Rabbi 
WHOOPS 
\u2018Blessing Of The Bikes' Helps Churches Make Climate Change A Local Issue 
God Loves Caitlyn Jenner Life is about learning the lesson of who you are and who the people around you are... But ultimately how you answer those questions depends on who you believe God to be. If you believe God to be the Great Judger, that has an effect on how you treat other people. And yourself. But when you start to see God as the Great Lover, the world changes.
Muslim Woman May Pursue Legal Action Against United Airlines After Discrimination 
The Atheist and the Nun Ironically, Sister Pat taught me to have faith. Not in God, but in people. Because there are people out there who are just amazing through and through. Who do good everyday for all the right reasons. And for me, that's even more impressive than an all-powerful being.
If You Love the Duggars But Not Caitlyn Jenner, What Credit Is That to You? We're quick to love like Jesus when the people who need that love are already one of us, but when the people who need loving are people we don't like, people we're afraid of, or people whose lives we \don't agree with,\ we quickly and unapologetically exchange that love for wrath.
Tony Blair's New Job 
The 'Buddha From Brooklyn' Shares Meditation Tips 
Head Liturgist In Charge Of Music For Pope Francis' Philadelphia Mass Resigns Over Dispute With Archbishop 
The Best Disaster Relief Fosters Independence It's quiet in Kathmandu these days. For the last 20 years the city has been overpopulated with tourists and guest workers, all of whom have left, so it's emptier. But it's more than that. The quiet relates to a sense of fear.ai
Mean People People are just mean.\ Have you heard that before? \People are just mean?\ Like somehow that excuses or permits or allows for mean people to go on being mean.
A Headscarf, Religious Belief, a Supreme Court Decision, and You The Seventh-day Adventist Church -- with a more than century-long track record of defending religious freedom and the rights of religious minorities -- early on recognized the critical religious liberty implications central to this case.
Creflo Dollar Will Get His $65 Million Private Jet, Ministry Says 
Why Jesus Would Say 'Black Lives Matter' Continually Jesus drew our attention not to loving people \in general\ but to specifically caring for those we would tend to discount or condemn. Black lives matter is exactly the kind of thing Jesus would say.
Israeli Soldier's Ham Sandwich Will No Longer Get Him Thrown In Prison 
Crew Member Who Refused Muslim Woman Unopened Soda Won't Fly With United Again 
I Used to Be at Preacher Hut In June 1988, I left active duty service as a Navy Chaplain. My Staff Chaplain position at the then Naval Station Great Lakes, Il command  was eliminated due to the infamous budget balancing legislative act known as Gramm, Rudman ,Hollings. This legislation passed despite not being terribly popular with significant numbers of Republican and Democratic legislators.
How Church Changed This Spiritual Woman's Life Church changed my life today. Last year, I started attending service at a local Baptist church. I was hired to paint abstract paintings during the praise portion of the church's Easter Sunday Service.
Christians and Muslims Should Embrace \The Jihad of Jesus\ \The Jihad of Jesus
Google This What kind of a world would it be if the stories and ideas that captured our attention reflected our common humanity? What if key search engine optimization terms were words like kindness, tenderness, forgiveness and humility?
Virgin, Schmirgin When I was interviewing for my current pastoral job, one of the questions asked of me, in one of the many different conversations I had with various committees, was, \What does the Virgin Birth mean to you?\
White Gods and Black Devils Henry McNeal Turner's writing focused on much during the post reconstruction period. One of the first major debates Turner found himself in was on African missions and emigration.
The Ecology of Our Minds When I was eight years old, my parents used to take me to the National Mall in Washington, D.C. We would go every week of the summer, spread out a blanket on the grass, and enact a tradition central to our monotheistic branch of Hinduism
Dark Side Of Life Discovered In A Medieval Oxford Nunnery 
Camino De Santiago Pilgrims Warned After American Woman Goes Missing 
Ireland, Gay Marriage and the Church In Ireland nearly every stranger you meet engages you in a bit, or more than a bit, of talk. An oldish priest entered behind me as I asked the receptionist where I might find Father Horgan.
Airline Reportedly Denied Muslim Woman Soda Can Because It Could Be Used 'As A Weapon' 
Vatican Media Operations To Enter 21st Century, Finally 
Anti-Islam Protester Parade 'Muhammad Cartoon Contest' Outside Phoenix Mosque 
The Science Behind Children's Spirituality Her natural awe, curiosity and excitement simply amaze me -- I wish I got even remotely as excited about anything as she does about buses!\u00a0But\u00a0if you spend any time with children, you'll notice that they just seem to have an innate sense of what we might call \spirituality.\
Classical Music In Israel Is Bringing Jewish And Arab Musicians Together 
Daily Meditation 
The Impact of the Jewish People on Humanity, as Traced by Scholars Throughout Time When Abraham first discovered the method of connection, he told about it to whomever would listen, and those who joined him became the first truly connected people.
What Happened to Catholic Nuns? Not long ago, when one walked the streets of Center City, the only women wearing flowing religious garb were Catholic nuns or maybe a few Anglican or Lutheran nuns.
Priest Fired As Seton Hall Chaplain Comes Out As Gay 
Death Penalty and Redemption It's easy to believe in redemption for yourself. I mean, come on, you aren't that bad. But, do you believe redemption is possible for everyone?
Will This 140-Foot Cross Bring Hope To Pakistan's Christians? 
Remembering What Is Impossible to Forget To manage our relationship to mortality and the overwhelming power of grief, we sanitize or sequester death and corpses with elaborate rituals and fierce taboos. But war explodes these boundaries and endangers the humanity of those we send to fight.
Progressives Look Forward Paul Raushenbush has dropped two \c's\ from his famed Christian-theologian-minister great-grandfather Walter Rauschenbusch's name, but he reflects the ancestor's tradition, captures some of his spirit, and looks to the future in that spirit.
Good Karma Returns For Sikh Man Who Removed Turban To Help Injured Boy 
Rightist Critics of Pope Francis So predictable are the Pope's critics on the Right that we seldom engage in sighting them or commenting on them in Sightings. But never to notice them does a disservice to those who would like a full accounting of the Pope-in-public, the Pontiff-in-the media, etc.
Millennials May Have Abandoned the Church, But God Has Not Abandoned Them Where does that leave us who have pledged our lives to this apparently dying institution? As Jesus says numerous times in the Gospels, \Be not afraid.\
Jews Who Left The Ultra-Orthodox World Find Support In One Another 
Christianity in Crisis? Blame Elvis Bill O'Reilly is wrong. Rap is not to blame for the current crisis in American Christianity. Blame Elvis, that's what I say. He is the main culprit in the current cultural transformation shaking the foundations of religion in America.
A Curious Discovery One document from the Bin Laden bookshelf is quite remarkable. It is no less than something entitled \Profiles of Bishops in the Church of England.\ At this point I could understand you checking the date to make sure that this is not a delayed 1 April blog -- but it isn't.
What Catholic Writer Thomas Merton Can Teach Us About Racial Justice 
Christian Minister Reportedly Caught Plotting An Attack On American Muslims In Islamberg 
Muslim Women's Hip-Hop Collective Confronts Stereotypes And Breaks Up The Boys' Club 
Bible, Baltimore and Beyond To paraphrase the Stark words from Game of Thrones, summer is coming. Ferguson and Baltimore are likely to be the beginning of a series of (looking for a neutral term here) conflicts. Thus, it behooves us to try to think about the recent events in Baltimore in clearheaded, non-partisan ways.
US Nuns Say Vatican Probe Cleared Up Confusion, Reinforced Their Mission 
The Long Journey of Faith Communities on Immigration Religious groups have been particularly energized by the callous, even sacrilegious view of immigrants as illegals, criminals and threats, advanced by anti-immigrant politicians, media outlets and advocacy groups.
Anxiety Ruled This Lawyer's Life. Until He Tried Meditation. 
The Fallacy in the Culture Wars At the root of the culture wars lies a fundamental dichotomy in worldviews. Which is more essential to humanity
The Remarkable Spiritual Wisdom Of Ned Flanders From 'The Simpsons' 
Pope Francis Canonizes Palestinian Nuns Days After Recognizing State Of Palestine 
Seton Hall University Priest Says He Was Fired For Gay Marriage Support 
Death Penalty The Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, has been sentenced to death. The 21-year-old man who accompanied his brother on a journey of violence and terrorism will now live out the years of his appeals process until a lethal injection is administered to end his life. Certainly there are no winners.
New York City Church Honors Police Detective 
California Religious Centers Go Brown For The Environment 
\Zig Zag Zen Allan Badiner wanted to know what happened to the research with psychedelics by bright, spiritually-minded people so he decided to ask a wide spectrum of seekers what their experiences exploring the relationship between Buddhism and psychedelics was.
HH the Karmapa Teaches on Compassion in Seattle - If You Can Afford It Nalandabodhi sponsored the final stop of HH the Karmapa's US tour last weekend, and the 1,200 people who attended his public teachings last Saturday had the rare and auspicious opportunity to spend some time with a revered young global spiritual leader.
It's Not Just Muslims; We ALL Need to Debunk Our Sacred Texts and Beliefs Whether it's the Bible or the Constitution, every document written by human beings was written in a context, at a specific historic time, and is based on the level of consciousness of those who wrote them. Whether or not you think they are dictated by God, they are still fallible. How could that be?
Lindsay Lohan Photographed Carrying A Quran 
How Italians Are Carrying Out Pope's Vision To Serve Refugees 
Journalism Tackles 'The Problem With Good Friday,' and an Episcopal Priest Responds We know that journalism can impact attitudes and action. But it's rare to get concrete proof of that, as I did recently after publishing a blog post about the anti-Semitic content of traditional Good Friday performances of Passion plays and Passion musical compositions, many dating back to the Middle Ages.
'72 Virgins' Group Brings Jews And Muslims Together Over Delicious Mocktails 
Losing Their Religion While Americans are still much more religious than Europeans, the overarching trends, highlighted by Pew, suggest that American society is indeed secularizing.
\Bible Believing\ Pastors and the Enabling of Domestic Violence I didn't know the pastor who phoned me from Alabama. But my alarm bells went off the moment he identified himself as a \Bible-believing Christian.\
Seoul's Jogyesa Buddhist Temple Welcomes Its Newest (And Littlest) Monks 
England May Soon Have Its First Women-Only Mosque 
How This Holocaust Survivor Regained His Faith After The War 
Pope Francis Blesses Photo Of Maryland Sisters Killed In Fire 
8 Empowering Life Lessons I Learned As The Child Of A Spiritual Mother Hers is a kind of ecstatic spirituality that welcomes emotion and sensation. There will always be a time and place for contemplation and inquiry, but there is no wiser teacher than the present moment.
You Can Now Read 'Diary Of A Wimpy Kid' In An Ancient Language 
Mom Died in My Arms I had no idea that being in the same room as someone who passes away can be a \gift.\ Mainly because that had never happened to me before. And if asked, I would have said, \How awful.\ \nYet, being with Mom for her last breath, was anything but awful.
The Future of Catholicism, 2015-2025 The surprising retirement of Pope Benedict XVI in February 2013 marked the end of a papacy reluctant to take on the full array of duties of the Bishop of Rome
The Future of Faith From a Trans-Man's Perspective I take our \come as you are\ philosophy very seriously, showing up every Sunday as I am. A little bit rock and roll, and every bit as transgender as I was the day before.
Pamela Geller and the Professional Islamophobia Business If we are at war, it's not a war against Islam. It's a war against hatred in all its forms, including anti-Muslim hatred. We cannot win this war by returning hate for hate, as Angelou so wisely noted. We must fight this war by employing our most powerful weapons
Mother's Day Interfaith Celebrations It's time to express gratitude to her, it restores the spiritual balance in each one of us.  Life is about transactions, each time we received a \good\ we become indebted to the giver, but when we give back to the giver or find alternate ways of giving back, then we regain our spiritual balance, bringing us nirvana.
The Future Of Islam The future of Islam depends on Muslims deciding whether we will be fueled by examples of hope or examples of hatred.
Huge First For Women And The Catholic Church 
Baptism, Baby Jack and the Bishop of Central Florida If you missed the memo, there's a very sad situation down in the Diocese of Central Florida wherein Baby Jack was denied the sacrament of baptism because Baby Jack happened to have two dads.
The Future of Spirituality While I only offer a few visions for the future of spirituality here, each represents a challenge and an opportunity. Each also includes a paradox. With spirituality, paradoxes come with the territory. As always, we will do best to meet each possibility with knowledge, compassion, and common sense.
Kerry Robinson The question of women's leadership has long been a contentious issue in the Catholic Church. While Francis has changed the tone of the Church through his messages and actions, when it comes to women, many people agree
Stumbling Into a Pluralistic Society The state of race, culture and religion in America is a key metric for how we are evolving as a society. The question for the church in 2025 is do we have enough elasticity and self-awareness to accommodate other customs, and views different from our own?
NYC Teens' Bar Mitzvah Projects Support Youth Baseball in Detroit The true meaning of a bar mitzvah. A charitable initiative like the one these boys have created combines their own passions, helps those less fortunate and brings more meaning into their Jewish coming-of-age ritual.
If the Pope Is Really Serious About Fair Pay Then He Should Make Altar Girls Mandatory If Pope Francis really wants women to be paid fairly, there is something he can do today that would alter his culture in a disruptive and transformational way
When the \G\ Word Doesn't Work Because they come from our heads (intellect) rather than our hearts, perhaps all words referring to God do nothing but get in the way, building a sense of separation from It. Perhaps Divinity lives so fully in our hearts as a feeling that the minute we name or label It something we automatically limit our experience of It by drawing boundaries around It.
Freedom of Speech Is Everything In a pluralistic society, people have to accept that others do not hold their religious views with any reverence.
Central African Nation Bans Muslim Women From Wearing Full-Face Veils 
View From Latin America Scholars, religious leaders and journalists already see signs Pope Francis is making a difference.
5 Faith Facts About Presidential Candidate Mike Huckabee 
My Cousin Is the Pope -- and It's Everything My trip up my family tree taught me that none of us is separate from one another - neither as individuals nor as groups. As such, hate that is rooted in the illusion of that non-existent separation is nothing if not absurd.
Orthodox Memories I was in love with Orthodoxy for a long time. It was a warm down comforter and a pair of the perfect yoga pants. Comfortable, sacred belonging. There are still parts that remain beautiful to me.
Pope To Elderly Churchgoers 
5 Questions With The Director Of 'Radical Grace' 
Pope Francis Doesn't Seem Bothered By Controversy Over Spanish Priest's Upcoming Canonization 
The Bosnian Muslim Rebuilding A Medieval Christian Church 
No One Knows How Medieval Nuns Used This Mysterious Prayer Wheel 
Hartford Seminary's Interfaith Dialogue Program Swaps Stereotypes For Understanding 
The Kind of Demonstration I'd Like to See We all know what it's like to be so frustrated that we are tempted to damage something or someone we hold dear. That could be punching a wall, throwing a dish or cell phone, or sadly enough, assaulting a loved one. None of these responses are justified or right. Hence, we need a remedy.
NY Times Columnist David Brooks Explores Sin, Virtue In New Book 
Maryland Bishop Charged In DUI Death Defrocked By Episcopal Church 
The Invisible Hand of God America ought to be better than these statistics imply. It's time for us to live up to the moral values espoused so long ago by Adam Smith. The real Adam Smith, that is.
These Catholic School Students Have A Lot Of Love For Their Gay Teacher 
New York's Beloved Museum Of Biblical Art Is Closing Down 
Syrian Archbishop On Christians Threatened By ISIS 
Daily Meditation 
Six Modern Religions for Freethinkers How should one decide what to believe? If you're looking for a religion, here are six suggestions that are much more fun and in some ways make more sense than the mainstream ones.
President Obama We've killed women and children, sir. We've killed innocent men. That they didn't have the good foresight to be born to American parents or on American soil matters not at all to the God who created them and who, Jesus says, still loves them.
Learning From Faith and Lagniappe Joan Driver was so special in one spectacular way. Have you ever known ANYONE who has never had an unkind thing to say about anyway....and not in a sanctimonious way at all...she was just that good.
Mike Huckabee 
Sifting Through Religious Fact And Fiction In USA Network's 'Dig' 
When My Children Squabble, I See the Church When my children squabble, I see how very young they are, and how very little they understand. Their truths are true, but partial. When my children squabble, there is anger. There are tears. When my children squabble, I love them and am for them.
Saving a Murderer's Life The question I'm asking is this
Christian Disdain of Women as Terror Weapon? No Way Men have run the world for a long time. We can easily see where this unbalanced and abusive gender dominance, including \manly Christianity,\ has gotten us. It is ugly and destructive. It is beyond time to bring women to the table at both local and high, global levels for peace and security.
Some Thoughts about Freedom and Happiness The Israeli Independence Day always gets me pensive. With its reliance on military and monetary aid from the US, and its extensive export to Asia, Europe, and North America, it's ironic, almost sardonic to think of the state of Israel as independent.
Activists Call On President Obama To Appoint Envoy For Persectued Christians 
5 Lessons From The Resignation Of Bishop Robert Finn 
Film Offers An Inside Look Pakistan's Extreme Islamic Schools 
Jewish American Exile How can we ensure the survival of the American Jewish identity? And further, is it important? In my humble opinion, the survival of the Jewish people around the world is nothing short of a miracle.
Sorry, But It's Not 'Open Season' on Christians It's hard to take seriously the narrative of widespread marginalization and, on top of that, oppression, when the American landscape remains saturated with Christianity in numerous shapes and forms.
'Mind-Blowing And Humbling' 
Celebrating the 100th Anniversary of Mormon Family Home Evening Always intrigued by the traditions of others, I wanted to find out how Family Home Evening affected Mormon life.
Finding Hope & Healing at Ground Zero 
Bishop Who Failed To Report Abuse Resigns 
Sikh Holiday, Christian Campus It's the time of renewal in the northern hemisphere. So how does a Sikh Religion professor who teaches at a Lutheran university celebrate Vaisakhi? Well, here's how the day of April 14, 2015 shook out.
What Really Hurts The Church's Witness What really hurts the Church's witness is proclaiming that all are one in Christ Jesus our Lord while working hard to pass laws that exist for the sole purpose of discrimination.
Explaining \Working Poor\ to My Privileged, Middle Class Children When we do our \gratitude inventory\ (aka, a way to get them to reflect and pray), they rattle off things as a matter of routine that many people would only dream of.
Pope Francis Urges Action On Migrant Deaths 
Can Religion And Politics Mix For Good Rather Than Evil? 
Historic German Church Finds New Life As A Synagogue 
Retired Pope Benedict XVI Celebrates 88th Birthday With A Pint 
The Way Forward On Religious Freedom And LGBT Civil Rights 
Traditional Worship Is the Future What Conservative Christians are really upset about, deep down, is not that one or a few or dozens or hundreds of their fold are being attracted by liturgical traditions and progressive theology. What they are really upset about is that their ways and their positions of privilege in the world are dying.
Walking With My Ancestors On Cannon Beach 
'The Loss' That 'Changed My Life Around' The struggle for me was that I was hiding this experience, because deep in my heart, I thought I was crazy or different and didn't want anyone to find out. Throughout my life I have always had a soft voice that has comforted me and directed me to do what is right.
Growing Up With the Holocaust as a Writer As a youth I thought being the son of survivors was a burden, but I gratefully came to see it as a gift because it not only gave me a mission, it was the first subject that animated my writing. It's what helped me find my voice.
Is Barth on the Mark? Like everyone, Karl Barth is limited to his historical and cultural and political context, but like all great theologians, he has the capacity to speak to universal ideals, morals and beliefs.
Daily Meditation 
Never Again Should Include Endangered Yazidis Why should Jews invoke their plight on Yom HaShoah? Because part of the memory of our collective experience, is standing up for the helpless, rendered voiceless by evil-doers.
This Nun Wants You To Have #TaxPayerPride 
Why We Need To Remember The Mothers Of Auschwitz 
The Quest for Islamic 'Reformation' As a Muslim, who has followed this polarization of narratives, I am convinced that all opinions deserve to be heard and not just marginalized as either \Islamophobia\ or \Jihadism,\ albeit with caution. Prejudice is a common human failing which people of all faiths are capable of.
You Are My Bae Boo is sweet term, but bae is something else altogether. Before anyone else. That's serious talk. Who is your before anyone else? Would my bae be my son? My husband? It took a few moments, but I realized that my bae is my God.
Our World Becoming a Green Sanctuary is how my church chose to uphold the values of our green principle.
Daily Meditation 
Billy Graham Billy Graham and the Shaping of a Nation is the subtitle of the book, America's Pastor, an acclaimed sort-of-biography by acclaim-worthy Duke University historian Grant Wacker.
More Than the Eye Can See (Acts 3:12-19) There was nothing spectacular or dazzling about Peter or John. They were common, first-century fishermen turned disciples. Nonetheless, what they gave to a man lame from the womb was beyond value or measure.
Not 2015 Easter Yet Children in their Sunday best were clutching on beautifully intertwined palm arrangements as they packed into the church compound that also includes the Ahliya School.
Responding to the Call My path to Yale seemed destined, but crisis came quickly. Shortly after arriving at Yale, I faced accusations that landed me in a New Haven jail, and extradition to Florida. The accusations were found to be false, and the incident was scrubbed from my legal record.
Christianity a la Carte Either you are a prix fixe Christian, taking everything on the bible menu, or you are a Christian who believes that passages cannot be taken literally, and often are not what they seem.
On the Last Day of Matzah Each day of this Passover holiday I've posted a gourmet way for Jews to honor the commandment to eat matzah, aka \the bread of affliction\
WATCH 
Why I Hope My Church and Others Come to Indiana Now That RFRA Is Changed I am proud that my church was one of the first to express concern and take action. And I'm happy the legislature and governor listened to us and changed the law.
Could This Bible Story Allow Conservatives to Serve Same-Sex Couples? For years I'd written off my conservative sisters and brothers in Christ until I spent time with them and saw the humans behind the labels. It led me to empathize with them as people even if I didn't agree with them on issues.
Why Go to Church If You're Not Sure You Believe Anymore? Whatever Jesus was, God or prophet, I thank him so much for acknowledging the big questions
Jewish National Fund Award To Anti-Gay Pastor Angers Some Jews 
The Radical Challenge of Faith Until mid-June, you'll be able to see some of the greatest sculpture in the world on exhibit here in the U.S. The work is on loan from Florence Cathedral, now on view at the Museum of Biblical Art in New York City.
Daily Meditation 
The Prophet of \Jordan's Mists\ The sun comes up slowly on the banks of Louisiana's bayou's. Lazy mornings mark the arrival of day even as moss covered trees swing sweetly in the hot and steamy breeze.
What Bill O'Reilly and Ann Coulter Don't Understand About Christianity and RFRA The source of my aggravation? The casual assumption that there is a \Christian\ position on the issue of sexual orientation and gender identity, an uncontroversial point of doctrine that all Christians share in common.
Chinese Government Should Protect Religious Liberty to Promote Desire for Social Peace The best way to minimize political confrontations between church and state is to reduce government restraints on religion. Christians have no unified view of politics, and that is as true in China as in America. But believers everywhere agree on the importance of being allowed to worship God.
Daily Meditation 
Getting Unstuck (Second Shabbat of Passover, April 11, 2015) Passover is the holiday of getting unstuck. The Israelites lived in slavery for hundreds of years in Egypt, completed dominated by Pharoah and his regime. But the message of the biblical Exodus is that what is, now, does not have to be what is in the future.
Can Religious Freedom Be Used to Discriminate? Individuals and groups discriminating based off perceived threats to their religious freedoms due to the lifestyle and beliefs of others signal a return to a period in human history where prejudice, hatred and violence reigned supreme.
On Finding Jesus... and Divorcing Mary Magdalene The final episode focuses on Mary Magdalene. According to the Gospels, she was a faithful follower of Jesus, but might she have been more than that -- perhaps even a lover, or Jesus' wife? Inquiring minds want to know.
Contemplating Islamic Reform The Muslim World is unhealthy in body, spirit and mind. We need to revive and reform left, right and center. Western criticism must be treated as informative but not instructive of Muslim initiatives for reform.
Can Contemplation Make Us Better Leaders? Can contemplation help us not only grow spiritually, but become more effective in our life skills as well?
Modern Day Freedom We are blessed to live in a country that was founded on the principles of \all men are created equal\ and the universal rights of \life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.\ However, one may live in a free country and still be enslaved.
Eight Days and 8 Delicious Ways With Matzah 
Resurrection Means Nonviolence! It's this invitation to resurrection peace that pushes me. It challenges me to confront my fears, and sends me into the world on the mission to welcome God's reign of peace and nonviolence. That mission has taken me into the war zones of the world.
Muslims and Jews must speak out when Christians are attacked As Christians all over the world mark one of the holiest days of their religious calendar, the Foundation for Ethnic Understanding (FFEU) and the Nusantara Foundation applaud efforts toward communication, reconciliation and cooperation among all faiths.
'Pope's Theologian' Reveals The Brains Behind Francis' Heart 
My Complex Christianity I am a Christian. I curse...a lot. I have tattoos. I believe in the power of love and connection. I believe in the Universe. I am afraid and brave all of the time. I doubt and question a lot.
Eight Days and 8 Delicious Gourmet Ways With Matzah Rather than fight the matzah, I'm going to lean in to it, as it were. Every day of the holiday I'll post a gourmet way to honor the commandment to eat matzah
Christ Was Seen in Indiana This Week They thought Jesus was seen in the pizza parlor in Indiana this week; martyred for religious freedom, as a store was \forced\ to close after speaking words of hate in the guise of freedom.
Moses and the Red Sea One day in ancient Egypt, a Jewish family had a baby named Moses, around the same time a Druzish family had a daughter named Zipporah. Zipporah grew up healthy and beautiful,  but Egyptians enjoyed killing Jewish babies like Moses, and Pharaoh had ordered midwives to stop helping Jewish women give birth.
A Christian Apology to Jewish People at Passover and Easter Our churches must challenge our ignorance, faulty theology and lack of historical knowledge of what our world was like twenty centuries ago in order to radically reorient our religion away from anti-Semitism.
When Words Are Not Enough Sometimes, words seem woefully inadequate. Take Easter, for example. Sunday morning thousands of pastors, priests, and country preachers will stand before their congregations and say, \Christ is risen.\
Breaking Approximately two million Children of Israel are now encamped in the Sinai following their extraordinary exodus from Egypt yesterday. Just days ago, they were slaves to Pharaoh. Today, they are free men and women, destined for self-determination in a land of their own.
What Celebrating Two Easters Taught Me About Love And Respect This Sunday, I will go to church, have a big family dinner and break my Lenten fast. Next Sunday, I will go to church, have a big family dinner and break my Lenten fast all over again.
Curing and Healing Instead, back to Alcabes' question, \Is healing important?\ which we might extend to ask
Picturing the Jewish Jesus When I tuned in on March 29, 2015, for the National Geographic's film production Killing Jesus, adapted from Bill O'Reilly's book Killing Jesus, I was poised, pen in hand, to write about the return of Jesus the Tea Party guy.
Good Friday, Oberammergau and God's Love The power and significance of Christ's death on the cross provides the opportunity for us to take pause. Although the story may be familiar, it is no less powerful year by year as we commemorate the most precious gift of Christ's sacrifice.
How To Host A DIY Passover Seder 
Angry Words at Our Passover Seder Shfokh hamatkha reminds me to pay attention to the hate that exists in the world, against us, and against others, but because it is said as we open the door for Elijah, it reminds me not to let the fear that hate evokes cloud our vision of what we are called to do to redeem the world.
Religious Freedom in Practicing the Platinum Rule As a university professor of pre-service teacher education students, I raise the distinction between moral convictions and professional ethics when we discuss issues of controversy within the field of education.
Today I Passed as Straight Today, I passed as straight. Sometimes, no matter how hard I try to not have it be a thing, being queer is a thing. It's a truism of coming out that some of us don't \look\ queer, and that means we have to come out more often, because otherwise no one will know.
Going Back for Judas Jesus has gone; he couldn't save Judas, and he won't intercede for David Biro. But we are here. We can turn around and look for them, these young people whose crimes condemned them forever. We can go back for them.
Abraham Lincoln, American Moses Following Lincoln's death, New York became the nation's center for enshrining Lincoln's legacy for the ages. It is, for that reason, particularly fitting that Lincoln and the Jews be on view at New-York Historical during this year's 150th anniversary of his assassination.
Reflections from Rosebud Reservation This past week, I joined 11 other medical students from the University of Chicago in volunteering at a Lakota Native American reservation in South Dakota. The experience was a great opportunity to not only learn about health care challenges on reservations, but also to reflect on the intersections between religion, service, and medicine.
Christian Women Looking for Action in 2016 Women of faith are increasingly seeking to elect those who commit to the betterment of women's lives and recognition of our contributions, cherished freedoms and autonomy.
Jesus Is My Homeboy When the movie ended, I was filled with emotion. I did not have any expectations of the film. I had assumed it would be like most religious films complete with a full white cast. Instead it was the most diverse looking religious film that I have ever seen.
Religious Freedom Restoration Acts Restore Bigotry and Repression We must, thus, restore Indiana and other states contemplating similar legislation to a path of understanding and support for people different from ourselves. We must work to rescind Indian's \Religious Freedom Restoration Act.\
Ida and the Cycles of Violence and Forgiveness The choice of mercy, of forgiveness, is anathema to my sense of manhood and my obligation for revenge and justice; but what would come of such forgiveness, besides a rejection of cultural and institutionalized violence and loss of personal pride, if I had the courage to enact it?
Why Rachel Held Evans Isn't A Big Deal While Evans migration away from this kind of Evangelism is not news (rather, it is evidence of a strong advertising campaign that has painted her as a misunderstood victim), it is deeply disappointing that mainstream religious news sources and left-of-center bloggers have focused on her.
The Resurrection According to SciFi, Part 3 Harry's death by the dark lord is his salvation. As the devil rejoiced over the crucifixion of Christ, so too Voldemort glories in Harry's demise not realizing it is his own destruction that has been orchestrated.
Faith in Words One author gravitated toward talking about trust, another toward courage, a third wanted to focus on doubt, and a fourth wanted to focus on community. And then they asked if I'd talk about humor.
Latino Evangelicals Call For An End To The Death Penalty 
Chinese Christian Pastor Sentenced To One Year In Prison After Protesting Forced Cross Removals 
Researchers Can Actually Measure The 'Pope Francis Effect' 
For Those Who Don't Believe... My daughter shared quite an extraordinary experience ... \Mommy!  Guess what happened last night?  I saw three ANGELS!!!\ Angels.  My baby saw angels.
Cardinal Raymond Burke 
Looking Past Cardinal Dolan's Hearty Smile Although he has seemed a bit out of step since his sponsor, Benedict, was replaced by the more humble Francis I, Dolan has insisted that he has made no effort to change his style or practice.
ISIS Ideology Is Not True To Islam, And These Imams Are Fighting Back 
The Hunting Ground I believe the two most basic religious questions are
10 Tips for Creating Inclusive Religious Organizations We are a stronger country when religious organizations of all faiths live up to our values--when we are welcoming, diverse, moral, and respect one another.
Daily Meditation 
Should Christians Celebrate Passover? One of my lasting memories from college is celebrating Passover with Chelsea Clinton. We shared the Passover meal with several friends, and during it I asked her if she had ever celebrated Passover.
Pope Puts Climate Heat on GOP Francis is not a scientist either, but that has not stopped him from leaning on something very close to scientific consensus and speaking confidently about global warming as a reality with dire moral implications -- especially for the poor and vulnerable.
Why George Zimmerman's Theology Is Flawed 
Phil Robertson's Appalling Atheist Fantasy Robertson's words are ugly and ignorant, and the organizers, and all those who applauded him at the Prayer Breakfast in Vero Beach should be ashamed of themselves.
Turkey Unveils $2.5 Million Great Synagogue As Its Jewish Population Fades Away 
The Meaning of Goodness For those who know C.S. Lewis as the author of the Chronicles of Narnia books, it may be a surprise that the he became famous for his wartime radio addresses to the British people during WWII.
Ancient Mask Of Pagan God Pan Uncovered In Israel 
The Story Of How Pope Francis Got Pizza Delivered To The Popemobile 
The Resurrection According to SciFi Instead of Luke's crucifixion, in the end it is Vader that dies. But before his death, like the robber crucified next to Christ, Vader seeks redemption from his son and encourages him to overcome the emperor and the dark side.
Is ISIS Islamic? Why This Is the Wrong Question to Ask What we need at this point are politicians who have the intellectual and moral courage to move beyond questions such as \Is ISIS Islamic?\ and who can recognize this question for what it is - a thinly veiled form of Islamophobia intended to heighten our fears of Islam.
On Bone Boxes and the Brother of Jesus While some scholars question James' being the author of the epistle bearing his name in the New Testament, those five chapters associated with the brother of the Lord offer a rich sense of Jewish wisdom as how to make sense of suffering, how to walk in faith, and how to care for the poor.
The Glory Days I'd barely thought about high school since I got my diploma in the mail after endless summer school. I left home so fast I forgot to leave a forwarding address.
Only Christians Should Apply? Ad Shows Public Schools Still Have Plenty to Learn In America, we are not all Christian. We are Jews, Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs, Buddhists, atheists, secular humanists, and so much more. Public schools should be a place to learn about many faiths instead of just one.
Meet The Friendly Atheists Next Door 
The Real Meaning of Passover Do you want to know the real meaning of Passover? Okay. Then let's start by asking, who was Pharaoh? What made him such an important villain?
Most Mainline Protestants Embrace Gay Marriage 
The Most Important Women's Issue You've Never Heard of Carrying water is not only hard work; it is dangerous work as well. A woman walking miles through the rural African bush alone isn't safe. So, women are exposed to violence and shame, which limits their possibilities for education, marriage, better health and other prospects.
D.C. Church Installs Solitary Confinement Cell Replica For Lenten Reflection 
How A Failed Attempt At Divinity School Inspired 'The Fault In Our Stars' 
Guns Beaten Into Garden Tools By Pennsylvania Peacemakers 
Living While Jewish 
Pope Francis Goes After The Mafia 
Catholic Bishop Excommunicated For Unsanctioned Ordination 
An Authentic 1st Century Jerusalem Burial Shroud What many do not know is that we do in fact have an unquestionably authentic burial shroud from a tomb in Jerusalem that has been carbon dated to the 1st century. Any consideration of the \Shroud of Turin\ should begin with a comparison of what we know rather than what we might want to believe.
Warren Jeffs' Followers Are Fleeing His Fundamentalist Mormon Sect In Droves 
Daily Meditation 
Where Does God Go When We Lose? In defeat, there is a tendency to close down and be judgmental. When we get down on ourselves, it is easy to forget that the Divine is continually rooting for us to get back up and make the most out of the next opportunity to move forward.
It Need Not Be the End of the World as We Know It When religious leaders convince folks that the world is coming to an end during their lifetime, people adopt a sense of fatalism that is enormously destructive because it breeds inaction towards some of the biggest issues of our time.
When It Came Time to Deny Myself Indeed, I had to deny myself my earthly desires, my earthly wants, and take up the \Preaching Elder Cross\ and follow Jesus, whom I had already loved, and who wished to call me to this service using the spiritual gifts he gave me.
Toward True Religious Freedom The reason I am against the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is not because I am a lefty liberal, but because I am a proud American Christian. This legislation, though guised in the cloak of religious liberty, is the first string to be pulled out of our basic civil rights. This state is beginning the slippery slope of legalized discrimination.
The Twenty-First Century Portrait of an American-Muslim I am now in in college and have been able to reflect on my experiences following 9/11. It is not the first time that the actions of a few have caused a whole demographic to be painted with a single brush and it is most definitely not the last.
Judas -- Traitor or Hero? Perhaps he was a bit of both. Clearly, his primary association among the canonical Gospels is that of being a traitor, although the \handing over\ of Jesus to the authorities is not necessarily to be rendered as a \betrayal\ in the Greek.
Musician Keb' Mo' Explains Blues Music's Connection To The Church 
Lessons for Lent Lent, in the Christian tradition, is a 40-day period of fasting, prayer, penitence, and self-denial beginning with Ash Wednesday, leading to Easter. Thankfully, this season affords me the opportunity to give up three burdens for Lent, and I pray, forever
Religion and Women's Rights Male voices dominate many discussions about religion so two realities can be overlooked
What Do God, Karma And Tarot Cards Have In Common? 
Friends of the Chapel Hill shooting victims share their memories Family was a huge part of Razan, Yusor, and Deah's life, and I know that respecting the wishes of their families was what they wanted. Farris Barakat, Deah's big brother, posted
Pope Francis Says His Time As Pope Will Be Short, Misses Pizza 
Religious Liberty in Utah In the name of progress and compromise, we may be setting ourselves up to be pawns in a global strategy of placing religious rights over all other constitutional and civil liberties.
Pope Francis and St. Patrick Remembered This Week With the second anniversary of Pope Francis on March 13, I was thinking about how one person has been able to inspire and unite so many people in such a short time, but not without some controversy. His early comment, \who am I to judge\, certainly got it all going. This reminded me about the life of St. Patrick and the tolerance of the Irish.
Jean Vanier, Untiring Advocate For People With Disabilities, Wins Templeton Prize 
Mormon Blogger Appeals Excommunication From The Church 
North Carolina Sheriff Tells Sex Offenders They Can't Go To Church 
Thousands In Thailand Receive Magical Tattoos From Buddhist Monks 
Modernizing Sacred Texts Users can share photos they've already taken, and either tag a scripture that came to mind when taking the picture, or search for a scripture to match what they captured on camera. Over time, much of the Bible will have pictures attached in display of individual and artistic interpretations.
Going Boldly Where No Man Has Gone Before \Onstage and screen, Nimoy leaves an extraordinary legacy of a bold and brilliant cutting-edge explorer of unimpeachable integrity. His inner conviction is manifest. En toto, a man for all seasons, for sure. May his memory be blessed.\
What Happened to America's First Muslims? Muslims were indeed here from the beginning, but the beliefs and practices they brought with them only rarely endured. Their experiences serve as a reminder that every faith woven into the fabric of our country has been made up of strands both light and dark.
China Says Dalai Lama 'Profanes' Buddhism By Doubting His Reincarnation 
Celebrating Feminism for International Women's Day One must choose to be a feminist. It is a political and spiritual choice that must be made in the full knowledge of the forces that you are up against. What truly separates feminists from the majority of the students that I teach and most of the people in congregations I have met is the issue of confrontation and advocacy.
Leaving My Family's Religion, Building A New Community (All Together Podcast) 
Vatican Receives Ransom Demand For Stolen Artifacts 
Made in the Image of God My theological writings arise from my personal journey through faith and doubt, difficulties and joys. Many of our encounters with God inform our theology, make us who we are, and shape our living. I position my writings to reflect this part of my life that I try to live out as faithfully as I can.
Franklin Graham Is Still the Worst Thing to Happen to God in a While Inasmuch as President Obama has been more than clear about his Christian commitments, continuing to question his faith is merely a more socially acceptable way of calling him a liar.
An Atheist's Perspective on the Rise of Christian Transhumanism Transhumanism is not a religion, nor is it in competition with religion. It is simply a mode of being that embraces evolving the human being with science, reason, and technology.
Coming Home In reflecting on what Selma meant to me personally (as a white child, watching the Civil Rights movement from the safety of my living room -- as a child who would grow up to be a feminist and a lesbian), I realized that I grew up in an era that taught me that injustice is intolerable.
Design With a Spiritual Connection Designing synagogues is not exactly a growth industry--quite the opposite--but designer/architect Michael Landau has been doing it for 40 years, and isn't showing signs of slowing down.
Evangelical Churches Grapple With Including Gay People 
Religious Leaders See Delayed Execution As Act Of God 
Science, Religion and the Moral Arc Michael Shermer thinks so. Shermer is the editor of Skeptic magazine, and has long been a strong advocate for science and rational thinking, since they are the best ways we have for understanding the way the world works.
Christian Pathos vs. ISIS Pathos I wonder if Christians and/or we good people have love and kindness, generosity and goodness equal in passion to hatred and anger. The terrorist or murderer believes that any deed is justified in the name of the cause or the god s/he worships. There is no ambiguity.
Brazilian 'Surfer Angel' Considered For Sainthood 
We Need More Fundamentalists Recently, I wrote pieces asking God to forgive us for our lack of empathy, compassion and grief over the loss of those who are \other\ than us while claiming to be faithful followers of Jesus.
Abercrombie Religious Discrimination Case Less Than Cool For Supreme Court, Sikh Americans If the Supreme Court imposes stringent notice requirements on job applicants and employees, it will set the clock back on religious rights in the workplace by decades. Employers will be able to duck their heads into the sand any time a visibly religious Sikh, Muslim or Jew walks in.
Dear Christians I don't understand how some of us think we have the right to separate ourselves from the world, but we do.  I get that maybe you don't want the worldly things to infiltrate your existence, but the truth is -- they WILL.
Lending Our Voices to Kelly Last week, I wrote a blog post about Kelly Gissendaner's life and I'll admit that when I wrote the post I felt somewhat hopeless. I didn't think that changing the story would do much to save Kelly. I didn't think there was much we could do. But then yesterday I learned something.
The Tree Of Contemplative Practices Maps Out The Ways Mindfulness Affects Our Lives 
Pope Francis Leads Thousands In Prayer for Kidnapped Victims Of ISIS 
#KellyOnMyMind Convicted for her part in the 1997 murder of her husband, Kelly enrolled in and graduated from the Certificate in Theological Studies program at Arrendale State Prison for Women. Through this program, she grew into a new person with purpose and hope. She experienced forgiveness and gained confidence through grace and redemption.
Pope Francis Rails Against 'Throwaway Culture' Of Globalization 
3 Ways Relics And Artifacts Can Help Us 'Find Jesus' 
New Report Says Anti-Semitism Is A Big Problem At American College Campuses 
Vatican's Finance Czar Defends Spending By His Office 
Hundreds Of Norwegians Circle Oslo Mosque In 'Peace Ring' 
The Devil and Lent The particular incident I am referring to is Jesus being tempted in the wilderness by Satan for forty days, related to us in Matthew 4:1-2, Mark 1:12-13, and Luke 4:1-2.
The Question I Hope Every 2016 Candidate Is Asked Here we are at the beginning of another presidential campaign, and like every campaign since our founding, the people who put themselves forward as possible leaders of the free world are being grilled by the media on a number of issues.
Thinking the Unthinkable There is a part of the soul that stirs at night, in the dark and soundless times of day, when our defenses are down and our daylight distractions no longer serve to protect us from ourselves.
Meeting Kelly Gissendaner Have you met Kelly? Not the mug shot that is in every news article, not the \first woman in 70 years to be executed in Georgia,\ not the woman who you might think ordered too much food for her last meal. I'm talking about Kelly Gissendaner, child of God, sinner saved by grace, a minister who was known for sharing Christ's love with both prisoners and prison guards.
Call It Western Supremacy We are historically and pathologically obligated to replay the dramas of the Spartans and Greeks against the \other.\ Feeling superior, we are free to disrespect their ways to sustain our own.
Is Obama's Wisdom Good for America? None amongst us is without sin; a few among us tend to misuse the power of religion on the minds of the followers. The problem was not with the religion, it was with the ones who did not get their religion right.
Here's How You Can Kick It With The Archbishop Of Canterbury 
Libraries Burning In the Balkans, Serbia conducted \ethnic cleansing\ -- a repellent euphemism for \ethnic purging.\  The \Islamic State\ is bent on \theological cleansing,\ which amounts to the same evil impulse.
The Retreat From Universalism Amid the ashes of World War II, with the stench of industrial-scale genocide in their nostrils, the nations of the world pledged to do better. They signed onto the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
What Muhammad Would Think of Saudi Arabia's \Leadership\ The Prophet's message was one of tolerance and diversity. It is hard to argue that the Saudi royal family has ever followed in his path or walked in his footsteps.
Black Christian Leaders Changing the World (Part 3 of 3) While we shouldn't wait until February to celebrate Black leaders, Black History Month gives us an opportunity to recognize how we fall short the rest of the year (and take steps towards correcting it). These leaders are each changing the face of global Christianity, and it has been a real privilege knowing them.
How to Drive the Internet Highway Fearlessly, to Promote Religious Harmony If religious leaders are to help influence society to live harmoniously, they will have to take courage and learn this 'new' way, or they can sit back and know they are probably not meeting their full potential.
Who Gets to Say What Is 'Islamic?' Muslim Americans will tell us how we can best be their allies. We don't need to enter into the debate on the true nature of their religion. Rather, we should stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our Muslim friends as they work out what they believe is \very Islamic\ today.
Presidential Election More Than a Game Here are five admittedly idealistic factors for religious Americans, and all who operate from a well-formed ethical base, to bear in mind as they engage the upcoming presidential election.
Don't Let Marriage Be a Four-Letter-Word As an ordained minister of a small Lutheran congregation, I am uniquely committed to the social and religious institution of marriage and the role it plays in raising children and in providing life-long companionship.
Following Jesus Isn't Primarily About Beliefs or Actions I'm intrigued by the fact that, in spite of my explanation that this project is more about delving into who we are and what we do than about what we think or believe, many people are eager to distill the \Jesus journey\ down to making a specific set of claims for beliefs, end of story.
Pat Robertson Tries To Explain 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' 
Pope Francis Depressed, weary, or frightened by stories of USIS and ISIS and other horrors, plus by debates over \religious extremism\ and the role of Islam, we focus instead on the not-unimportant figure of Pope Francis, who makes news and inspires reflection.
America's Islamophobia Problem If in fact groups like ISIS are the true face of Islam, and if the propaganda that Muslim Americans engage in \stealth Jihad\ to take over the country is true, why should my neighbor not look at me with suspicion and disgust?
What's With Wicca and Witches? What's your story? That is a question that I am constantly asked and it use to annoy me. Somewhere along the way I embraced the fact that I am unique.
Mentors We Don't Realize Exist Sitting around arm and arm with my siblings, aunts and mother eight years ago as my dad struggled for each breath is a moment in my life I will never forget.
Hijrah to the Hood If Malcolm were alive today he would be able to look at the incidents of hate, fear and violence towards Arab Muslims in places such as Chicago's Southwest Suburbs since 9/11 and during the last two weeks and say, \I told you so!\
Where God Is Depends on Us It's a beautiful answer, completely true, but it doesn't help when you are older. When we see what goes on in the world, we often ask ourselves the very same question, \Where is God?\
Improbable Allies What inspired me was a rather realistic balancing of hope and prophecy and a grounded appreciation that complex realities are involved, first at the political and intellectual levels, and second, where it matters most, with the myriad communities where poverty and sharing are not abstractions but a daily challenge.
Oscar Winners Thank God A Lot In Speeches, But Not As Often As You'd Think 
Norwegians Plan To Link Hands, Form Human 'Peace Circle' Around Mosque 
Diffused Congruence Podcast This month we're joined by award-winning playwright, journalist, and humorist Wajahat Ali for a far-ranging conversation that starts with a lengthy discussion about the recent tragic shooting of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, NC.
Confessions of a Truthoholic All my life I've been driven by an insatiable urge to know things -- things that have always been simply dismissed as \mysteries\. I displayed early symptoms of this sociological defect when, even as a small child, the plain facts were never quite enough to thrill me.
Giving Up Something, Or Not Giving Up Something, for Lent I am not suggesting that we just suppose that everyone around us can be trusted and we need not worry about our personal safety or the security of personal belongings. But I do propose giving up the practice of focusing on the faults of other people and, instead, looking for their good qualities.
What Does It Really Mean to Follow Jesus? Four out of five Americans claim to be Christians. That's more than a quarter billion people in the United states alone who claim, in one way or another, to follow Jesus. But what does that really mean?
Why This Coptic Christian Bishop Is Willing To Forgive ISIS 
Pope Francis Meets With German Chancellor Angela Merkel 
Let Us Check More Than One Religion Box Imagine for a moment that you are a teenager, arriving at college for your first year, and that you come from an interfaith family. Perhaps you were raised in one religion, but now, you feel drawn to explore the other religion.
Catholic Church There is a certain voicelessness that I associate with my experience in Catholicism--sure, I can talk about gay rights, premarital sex or saving the environment, but I am often met with a dismissive response or the assumption that I'm going through a progressive phase.
Muslim Group To Form Human Shield Around Oslo Synagogue 
Ash Wednesday Ash Wednesday, is the day that Christians begin the season of Lent. It is a sacrificial, introspective, penitent and prayerful time, as we prepare to go to the cross with Jesus, and be resurrected with Him on Easter Sunday.
Snow Won't Stop These New England Churches From Soldiering On 
Compulsory Love The main reason I resist it is that I reject the very premise of the holiday
15 Religion Treasures at Yale Yale, a place that started out as a training ground for Congregationalist ministers (whose students included none other than Jonathan Edwards) retains to this day a dazzling array of religious treasures and relics, all publicly available.
Netanyahu in Congress This is my first fully public statement criticizing a sitting Israeli government official. This statement comes after careful consideration because I am heartbroken about the current state of affairs. Like an increasing number of American Jews, I want to make it clear that Netanyahu does not speak for me.
Facing death 
C. S. Lewis We all know that solving the problem of pain and suffering is, among other things, intellectually excruciating.
Listening To Leelah In memory of Leelah and our loved ones who have died, and in honor of Susan and those who come out each day as a transgender person, let's try to treat people of all genders, no genders, multiple genders and of various gender expressions as fully human and made in God's image.
Waking to the Light I'm nearly 40 years into this mindfulness discipline.  But every time I return to it, day after day, I'm a beginner.  Every time I do the practice, I start like Kai, with my head stuck in a jug.
G*d's Burning Questions Deah, Yusor and Razan spent a significant part of their lives responding to a burning question read this week in the Book of Exodus (Mishpatim).  This question arises in an unexpected place, an enumeration of laws of civil behavior that is explicitly concerned with not favoring any party in a dispute or legal proceeding.
Teaching Scott Walker What it Means to Pontificate When Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker was in London last week attempting to look presidential, he refused to answer even the most basic of policy questions.  Although he certainly didn't intend it this way, his non-answer to the query asking about his opinion of the theory of evolution should be long remembered.
Pope Francis Decries ISIS Beheading Of Egyptian Christians In Libya 
Episcopal Church Takes A Hard Look At Alcohol After Bishop's Drunken Driving 
Noisy Buddhist Festivals Upset Locals In Myanmar 
Sealed With A Kiss 
Meet Baton Rouge's Hip-Hop Catholic Priest 
A Holocaust Survivor Band Plays The Music Of Their Youth 
Pope Francis Slams 'Prejudiced Mentality' Of Believers 
Little Change 10 Years After Nun Died Fighting For Brazil's Landless 
Exploring Purity And Sexuality In Muslim Communities 
United Methodist Church Makes Small Step Toward Accepting Same Sex Marriage 
The Truth About Pagan Sex Rituals 
Jon Stewart's Best Religion Moments 
How Do We Describe People Who Commit Violence and Their Victims? The murder victims in Chapel Hill have been described as students, family members, Muslims, and Syrian, and the accused murderer as an atheist, anti-theist, white male, and terrorist.
Musician Jennifer Knapp's TEDx Talk About Being A Lesbian Christian 
Why Can't We Mourn With Muslims? Lord have mercy on the Christian mother and the atheist father who are not able to enter into the emotions of a Muslim Father and Mother whose children were snatched from them too soon.
Why We Should Value (But Not Worship) Reason Professor\u00a0Jonathan Haidt has noted, our brains are\u00a0able to justify almost any belief we have, and convince ourselves that we are \acting reasonably.\ And reason alone doesn't lead to morality.
Walking the Via Dolorosa Accompanying others selflessly is not the result of a state of enlightenment, nor is it a constant, deep emotion. It is a decision we make, a path we undertake consciously and with perseverance.
Remembering Babylon The museum, based in Jerusalem, has amassed a collection of more than 100 cuneiform tablets, original documents from the Judean community, which are now on display to the public for the first time.
Daily Meditation 
Wisdom from the Bible for Entrepreneurs in 2015 For five years, I have chosen a few words from the bible to help encourage entrepreneurs as well as myself. It is a blessing to be able to share these words with so many around the world. It's important to remember that \we are God's hands.\
'It Could Have Been Any One Of Us' 
Mourners Organize Prayers And Vigils For Chapel Hill Shooting Victims 
Faith and the 5 Year Old One of my friends once brought it to my attention that children ask all of their toughest questions in the car. They wait until you are most distracted and, of course, caged in a vehicle, to ambush you.
Theology Now Baillie, Balthasar, Barth, Berdyaev, Bonhoeffer, Brunner, Bultmann--to mention only the \B-team,\ were coin-of-the-realm giants in the mid-20th century theological revival.
The Bible's for Losers (And Why That's a Good Thing) Taking everything into consideration, the Bible was written mostly by losers for the benefit of other losers. That's not a value judgment, just an observation. Think about it.
This Week In Pictures 
Dominican Sisters Minister To Refugees In Iraq 
The Vatican Is Putting Finishing Touches On Its Showers And Barber Shop For The Homeless 
This \u2018Average Mohamed' Thinks He Has What It Takes To Defeat ISIS 
Interfaith Conversations at the United Nations The interfaith movement is a rich mosaic of efforts, ranging from theological discourse to practical coalitions. Some interreligious harmony work is built on ethereal, ethical, and theological foundations.
\u2018Fifty Shades Of Grey' Gets Black Marks From Bishops, Pastors 
Love Thy Neighbor 
My Picks For Gospel Winners at the Grammys I wrote this article to be a playlist/guide for the gospel categories of the Grammys, I won't attempt to make any \scientifically informed\ predictions of winners or losers but I can say who I am rooting for.
Pope Condemns Violence Against Women 
Soundscapes and Our Sense of Belonging Sounds are also not a cultural universal
Pope Francis Oversees Umbrella Giveaway To Rome's Homeless 
San Francisco Archbishop Salvatore Cordileone Getting Pushback For 'Moral Clauses' 
#VaccinesWork A disease wiped out has returned because of choices that put the nation's health in jeopardy.  More responsible choices are demanded.
President Obama 
Pope Orders Bishops To Cooperate With Sex Abuse Commission 
Strange Wives As an interfaith child, and an interfaith parent, I have often faced the argument that Judaism has always prohibited intermarriage. As we enter yet another period of extensive interfaith marriage in the Jewish community, Strange Wives asks us to study, and remember, this part of our past.
The Quran's Voice It is true that there are verses in the Quran in which violence is permitted. Islamic fundamentalists have given such verses a central role in how they interpret the Quran, practically marginalizing the rest. But, enlightened Muslims reject such hermeneutics.
We Don't Need Sameness to Connect I have never had the privilege of a faith community catered to my cultural background. Although born to a Taiwanese family, I was exposed to a western education (at age 10); far too young to relate to local Taiwanese children.
Women-only Mosque Last week, a group of Muslim women launched a new Women's Mosque of America project in Los Angeles and held its first women-only Friday congregational prayer.
Did You Hear What Obama Said? Our perception of the world is horribly off because the scale we use to measure ourselves is skewed and it will never be stacked in our favor unless there is a radical transformation. And that transformation does not exist outside of an encounter with Jesus.
Pat Robertson Says He's Against Vaccination Mandates 
Three Vital Lessons From Super Bowl XLIX Whether or not, you are a fan of the game, the shocking ending of Sunday's Super Bowl offers a refreshing outlook on life.
Religious Profiles Hanif established Muslimat An-Nisaa in 1987 to help Muslim women and children access health, education and well-being services that were otherwise unattainable. Soon, she began providing shelter services as well, to those who needed it.
Who or What Is God? The word God doesn't refer to God
Paul's Cruciform Discourse in 2 Corinthians Early August would be \Revival Time\ in the rural Baptist churches in Georgia that my father pastored witnessing some of the greatest evangelical preachers locally and nationally.
American Bible Society Bids Farewell To New York 
Religious, Secular Advocates Seek Clarity On IRS Rules For Endorsements 
Can Ewan McGregor Pull Off A Convincing Jesus? 
This Week In Pictures 
House Bill Could Give Amish A Religious Exemption From Photos On State IDs 
'Charlie Hebdo' and Our American Churches Let's not mix religion and politics. We need gifted leadership in both government and religion.  I strongly recommend that the individual members of our Mainline Protestant churches dedicate themselves to becoming the talented and ethical political leaders our country and the world so badly need.
Sexism 
Searching for Transcendence For my money, I don't think the desire for transcendence is going away. But I do wonder if students will bet their lives that the answer for this search lies beyond our world.
A Rabbinic Take on  'Last Chance Harvey' Last Chance Harvey reminds us that it is never too late to find love, never too late to begin again, never too late to shift one's priorities. Kate and Harvey are role models of love developing out of honest conversation as well as physical attraction. Kate and Harvey meet in the mind and in the heart.
Can Prayer Dig You Out After a Blizzard? Whether it's a personal, health, financial problem, or an actual storm, we all face times when we can feel so buried by our circumstances that solutions seem illusive.
Daily Meditation 
Avi Weiss, The Rabble-Rouser Rabbi, Takes Stock After An Activist Career 
Our Five Deaths As an understandable consequence of the unknowable providence of death, the inevitability of it provides a myriad of spiritual and moral opportunities for us to learn and reflect.
Indonesian Cleric Calls Selfies A Sin. Muslim Youth Respond With More Selfies. 
Seeing the True Value of Our Loved Ones with Alzheimer's When Our Vision Is Blurred by Tears In their unending capacity to give and receive love, persons with Alzheimer's reveal to us the truth about what it means to be a human being.
Auschwitz Today, the \cry of despair\ has passed into the forgotten, and the \warning\ is no longer heard. In Europe, and in France especially, anti-Semitic acts and phrases propagate like a virus.
President Hollande To France's Jews 
Why We Need the Islamic Call to Prayer at American Universities The adhan can help us recall what gives our lives meaning, and can help us cultivate an attitude of gratefulness. It can help us look up from the cellphone in our hand and notice the blue sky, the purple shadows stretching across the snow or the smiles of those we pass by.
Shocking Family Secrets from W.W. II Though I had said Kaddish for my father's father at Bergen Belsen, where I had always assumed he died because my father and his sister had been prisoners there, I discovered that he had actually been a prisoner at Auschwitz. Why had my father never told me?
The Heart And Soul Of Godparenting 
From 'Charlie Hebdo' to 'Je Suis Ahmad' Can the Charlie Hebdo tragedy which killed 17 men serve as a catalyst, in forging new and positive frontiers between Islam and the Western world?
What I Learned Growing Up With A Devout Hindu Mom And An Atheist Dad 
Baptist Minister In Hot Water Over Comments On Ten Commandments 
Vampire Novelist Anne Rice On Falling Away From Christianity (Again) 
Muslim Woman Sues Police For Forcing Her To Remove Hijab 
Pope Francis Wants All Annulments To Be Free 
George Takei 
Here Are The Least Bible-Minded Cities In The U.S. 
Activist L.A. Priest Preaches Religion Of Acceptance 
Saudi Arabia's Religious And Religion In Saudi Arabia 
'American Sniper' Made Some Fans 'Wanna Go Shoot Some F**king Arabs' 
You Shall Be Fruitful and Multiply (And Enjoy Each Other) In a time where opinions around sexual thoughts and feelings are getting more and more extreme the introduction of this new podcast is a welcome step in the right direction. God commands humanity to be fruitful and multiply.
1 in 4 Americans Believe God Will Decide Super Bowl 
Vivekananda's Contribution to Christian Religious Pluralism The Vedic tradition already had influenced America indirectly through Emerson and other Transcendentalists.  But with Vivekananda, Americans got a look at an impressive embodiment of the tradition.
Daily Meditation 
10 Apps To Keep You Accountable For Those New Year's Resolutions 
Pope Francis' Silent Response to the Filipino Girl God doesn't intervene, not because he fails to recognize an atrocity for what it is, and not because he doesn't love us enough to intervene, but because he knows that nonintervention is the lesser of two evils.
Daily Meditation 
Residents Near Center For Troubled Priests Worry About Property Values 
Who's Gunning for the Francophile Anti-Islamophobe? I condemn the attack against Charlie, but that won't prevent me from speaking out against the subsequent, misguided attacks on Mosques or the #KillAllMuslims trending hashtag.
Icy Faces 
In The Middle East Sharing Atheism on Social Media Ends Badly If you are planning on being atheist in the Middle East best be careful not to draw too much attention, especially online.
Nun Named First Female Head Of Catholic Charities 
Does Religion Poison the Well? A Reflection for MLK Day Every MLK Day, the Reverend Doctor's sage wisdom and booming voice seem like echoes of a past farther and farther away. Had he somehow escaped assassins' bullets, I can imagine him grey and dignified, bringing his prophetic wisdom to today's crises. More than ever, we could use his help to remember how to live together.
Why Some Synagogues Are Using Mission Trips To 'Heal The World' 
The View From The Pulpit Of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s Spiritual Home 
British Churches Celebrate Magna Carta's 800th Birthday 
Will the Church Fail or Fulfill Martin Luther King Jr's Legacy? In a world that considers cathedrals of stone and even the pulpit where Dr. King spoke irrelevant, what is the future of the church?  We must come out of our pulpits and into the streets, into the gaps of broken relationship and broken trust.  We must do the hard and beautiful work of building the beloved community.
Donny Osmond Opens Up About His Mormon Faith 
Lessons On Joy From A Christian Cancer Survivor 
The Challenge of Exclusivity With apparently religiously motivated murders spilling innocent blood across our news screens this past week come serious concerns about the role of religion in our world.  And when fear rules the day, increased violence is never far behind.
Muslims And Non Muslims Join For Call To Prayer 
An Open Letter to Presidents and Deans of Theological Schools in the United States We invite our colleagues -- presidents, deans and leaders of all divinity and theological schools -- to arise from the embers of silence and speak up and speak out as the prophet of old, \let justice run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream\ (Amos 5:24).
This Week In Pictures 
The Pen and the Gun If I'm not on one side, this doesn't mean that I'm with the other. I'm neither on the side of those media that insult my faith and beliefs and spread lies, nor the side of violent criminals who insult my faith and beliefs, and spread lies.
What Muslims Must Do Now It's not enough to keep telling non-Muslims, \Don't judge us by those few creeps.\ Muslims have to turn now and address those few creeps, those false guardians of the faith, with one simple declaration
Lesbian Couple Ties The Knot As Pope Francis Arrives In The Philippines 
Thousands Attend Mass By Pope Francis As Storms Strike The Philippines 
90 Zen Teachers Pledge To Change Culture That Fosters Abuse 
Daily Meditation 
Prophet Muhammad's Example Is the Key to Stopping Terrorism Unfortunately, with the world still reeling from the horrific attacks in France that left twelve innocent people dead, anti-theists have jumped on the opportunity to continue their anti-Islam onslaught.
Sometimes It's Hard to Be a Jew That metal taste in my mouth is back, a nauseating combination of rage, shame and fear. It's been years since I have tasted it -- perhaps not since the last time someone drew a swastika on the whiteboard hanging on my dorm room door.
The Other Rev. King Make no mistake, there truly are ghosts in Mississippi. Most often, they inhabit long forgotten places and toil with hopes that their mortal lives have not been lived in vain.  A few years ago, I first traveled to a forgotten place to meet a forgotten man.
We Are a Country of Cowards We don't want to talk about race and religion because it might get awkward. We don't want to talk about sex because we might say the wrong thing. We can't speak about gay marriage and climate change because we're afraid of offending someone or sounding too open- or closed-minded. So we talk about work or complain or rave about the latest iPhone.
The Cosmic Mass Wails, whimpers, and screams filled the large hall for several minutes, until Matthew asked us to very gently sit up and to start toning together. Our voices united in the most soothing, healing sound of harmony. As it filled my entire being, I felt the the intensity of my emotion gradually subside.
Weddings and World Peace What can we do against an enemy with no moral compass? I'm afraid we must expose them as the murderers they are. And how can we do that? Short term, we can unite in our opposition to their behavior, we can punish the people who fund them, and we can rise in defense of those whom they most brutally oppress.
The Pope, MLK and Moses We will soon be entering our field as young and idealistic rabbis. The pope, MLK and Moses serve as some of our role models for this type of spiritual activism. In order for religion to be relevant to our time, it is upon us to leave the confines of the synagogue and enact the change we wish to see.
Paris Terror Harms France, Islam, and the World The people who devastated Charlie Hebdo may have thought, as they fled French justice, that they won a victory for Islam.  But the effect of their action is the opposite -- they have contributed powerfully to fear of Muslims.
Freedom of Speech Is Divine God placed humans in the Garden of Eden and gave them the right to agree or disagree.  One of the primary ways that we express agreement or disagreement is through speech.  The most divine thing that we do on any given day is express who we are and what we believe.
Maps and Conflict During the Middle Ages maps of the world often placed Jerusalem at the center. This was based on the vulgate, the Latin, translation of Ezekiel 5:5 which Jerome understood to mean Jerusalem as terrae umbilicus, the \navel of the earth.\
Protecting Freedom of Expression in Newsrooms and Mosques The Mosque of Rome is the largest Mosque of Europe and its architecture replicates and perfectly integrates itself in the heart of Italy.
An Important Sign A report came out reflecting just some of the terrible ways our government agencies and military arms treat human beings. There was silence, or even defense of such actions.
Police Chief To Black Churches 
This Week In Pictures 
Oscar Romero Declared A Martyr 
Freedom of Expression Is Not Unlimited Freedom of expression does not mean that anyone has the right to be heard at any time and in any forum, no matter what.  There are times when lines must be drawn for reasons both moral and legal, but there are other times when it is inappropriate and wrong to draw such lines.
I Apologize for Christian Hate I don't want anyone to ever believe that just because a certain individual has access to a Twitter account it means that she is a spokesperson for the Christian faith. Mocking people of other faith traditions is not Christian. Neither is it Christian to worship the gun culture in America that has done so much damage to our society.
Man Dies In Annual Catholic Parade, Days Before The Philippines Welcomes Pope Francis 
Confessions of an Altar Boy Wannabe I got over my acolyte envy; Cardinal Burke and his ilk need to get over their aversion to women.  All of us in leadership roles for the Church and its institutions need to come together to figure out how to sustain the service enterprises that are the collective ministry of the Church in the world.  Now THAT is a topic for a Synod where women truly should be heard!
Religion, Satire, And Society In The Shadow Of Charlie Hebdo 
Prayer for Muslim-Jewish Relations We are two American religious communities in such pain from the outburst of extremist violence in France that we not only have forgotten each other. We have forgotten ourselves.
Perpetual Hatred is Not the Answer My outrage will not stem from my citizenship or my religious beliefs, but from the fact that I am a human being. No more, no less.
Miami Archbishop Warns Employees 
Daily Meditation 
Does Islam Really Forbid Images Of Muhammad? 
Religion, Atheism and Terror Religion today can be characterized by tension and fear, uncertainty and anxiety. As I cringe before the terrorist attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris, I wonder if the question sometimes is not atheism versus religion, but the 21st century versus the dark ages.
'Jesus, Girls and Marcus Mariota:' The New 'We' We Need Perhaps young Charlie and his hero, Marcus Mariota, are pointing a way forward toward a new \least of these\ theology for evangelicals -- rooted in orthopraxy -- some fifteen years into a new millennium. Let me explain.
The Religion of Blood To save humanity from tearing itself apart, we must reject the erroneous premise that some human beings have been created as less than others. We must accept as inviolable and \self-evident\ the truths that God is indeed compassionate and all-loving, and that all of us have been created equal.
Daily Meditation 
Catholic Deacon Pens Inspiring Letter On Parenting Transgender Children 
Religious Profiles The American Muslim community is incredibly diverse, ethnically, religiously, linguistically, ideologically, socially and economically. We begin in Michigan -- home to the nation's largest Muslim population.
The Two Groups of People in America What causes pain and grief in my soul is that there are those people deeply saddened and grieving over the loss of another unarmed black male to a white police officer; those able to enter into the grief and complexity of law enforcement.
Possible Site Of Jesus' Trial Uncovered 
Turkey Approves Construction Of First New Church In Nearly A Century 
Epiphany 2015 Celebrations Around The World 
Italian Bishops 
Sikh Man Helps Reunite Christian Pastor With Stolen Bible 
This Week In Pictures 
Will Police Unions Battle Houses of Worship or Seek Reconciliation? In New York City, since protests began over the treatment of African-Americans caught up in the criminal justice system, the police union there has done everything possible to inflame tensions and undermine civil authority.
Faith, Hope and Charity Germany's official focus on religion as a central factor in development strategy reflects a new willingness to explore and speak to the positive and negative roles that religious beliefs and institutions play in world affairs. Germany is not alone in this trend.
Pastor Who Spent A Year Living Without God No Longer Believes 
Only One Resolution This Year The problem with resolutions is that they propose a future state that will bring us the feelings we would wish to have. And what are those feelings? Well, if we achieved the intention of those resolutions, we would feel really good about who we are and where we are in our lives.
They're Not All the Same 
'Aweism' Could Be The Soulful Humanist's Answer To Religious Transcendence 
Did Mario Cuomo Pave The Way For Today's Conservative Catholic Dissenters? 
Travel The Fiery Red-Orange Halls Of Fushimi Inari-Taisha 
When Sacred Texts Say Terrible Things The morally problematic passages in the Constitution have been overturned by various amendments and laws; similarly, one should not criticize contemporary religions on the basis of problematic passages within their sacred texts, if those passages have been rejected or nullified.
Santeria Priests In Cuba Offer Prophecies For The New Year 
Superheroes for Jews! If you'd asked me, when I was a comic book-loving Jewish girl coming of age in 60s Detroit, besotted with Batman and following Superman's every adventure, what I wanted to do when I grew up, I may well have described exactly what Steve Bergson does today.
Bishop Heather Cook, Sobriety, and the Question of Who Should be Clergy I believe that the church is sick when it makes people who need treatment hide out of fear for their professional lives.
Daily Meditation 
Celebrating Prophet Muhammad's Birth 
Rose Parade Features First-Ever Sikh Float 
Outrage In India Over Mock 'Muslim' Terror Drills 
Swedish Mosque 'Lovebombed' In The Wake Of Arson Attacks 
Other Stories, Others' Stories (Parshat Vayechi, Genesis 47:28 - 50:26) This November, I attended the first annual conference of the Sisterhood of Salaam Shalom. Afterwards, I posted on my Facebook page a picture of 100 Jewish and Muslim women--old and young; bareheaded, hijabi, and a few in yarmulkes.
Pope Calls For Freedom In 2015 
Nearly 6 Million People Traveled To The Vatican To See Pope Francis In 2014 
Belgian Catholic Bishop Calls For Recognition Of Same-Sex Relationships 
2014 Was An Unsettling Year, And Religion Played A Starring Role 
'Violent Night' That first Christmas was a precursor to the science-fiction convention used over and over again in Doctor Who, Star Trek and every \galaxy far, far away\ -- a \rip in the time-space continuum\ -- as infinity takes on finitude, as the creator of the stars embraces a body made of stardust. Flesh and blood, this earthy God.
Is There Any Hope for Peace in the New Year? The kind of worship needed in 2015 cannot happen in a mega church, or any church that is obsessed with church growth. It is participation in the life of a local church that is so rooted in a neighborhood that they become hospitable to those they would otherwise leave out.
The State of Secular America Legally speaking, 2014 has not been a good year for secular Americans. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that closely held, for-profit corporations can claim religious exemptions from laws that go against their owners' religious beliefs.
How Adoption Forces Evangelicals To Grapple With Race Relations 
The Why and How of Religious Diversity Training Before embarking on the information modules, a philosophic overview of religious diversity training should be considered. There will be people who are skeptical, or hostile, to anything labeled as interfaith.
Will the Real Messiah Please Stand Up? What will flow is a greater love and a more profound kindness that finally realizes it is the very same love and kindness awakening within me as a Jew or a Christian, as a Muslim, or a Hindu, or a Buddhist.
Let My Voice Know No Bounds Those of us with privilege need to be vigilant about standing up for those who are marginalized and oppressed. Like Joseph we need to find our hidden voice and courageously speak out for freedom and justice for all.
Teaching Religion to Children May Not Be Easy, but It Is Necessary Christian parents, Muslim parents, Jewish parents, you name it, they all face a time when they have to address what others believe, and the common response I found was that they just tell their children everyone else is wrong.
Mormon Allies Promise LGBT Christians 
Why Some American Jews Seek To Break Israel's Chief Rabbinate Monopoly 
Lessons From a Solitary Holiday This is not a holiday story of a fancy Christmas dinner, gifts under a tree, or glee on my children's faces when they open their stockings. This is a story of getting comfortable with lack of control, which isn't exactly my strong suit.
Inside Unconventional Sacred Spaces Around The World 
Daily Meditation 
This Week In Pictures 
Two Robins Wish You a Very Happy Christmas 
Will Your Foundation Pass Inspection? You--we--can make a real difference in 2015 if we truly dedicate ourselves to becoming a united force of change by loving God and loving our neighbors as ourselves.  What kind of foundation does your house of life have?  Is it built on rock or sand?  What kind of a world do you (we) want?
Pastor Mark Driscoll Is Back With A Flashy New Website 
14 Religious Moments That Give Us Hope As 2014 Draws To A Close 
Christians In Baghdad Defiantly Worship On Christmas Eve 
Breaking Fast at a Sufi Mosque Sufis generally get together for communal dinner every Saturday but during Ramadan when they fast, they get together four times a week to cook and gather for the Iftar meal that breaks the day-long fast. As both sisters are American, tonights dinner is not going to be ethnic.
The Vatican's Spectacular Christmas Stamps 
Merry Christmas! 
Christmas Eve Mass 
Reinvigorating the Faith-Led Movement for Justice Faith community leadership is increasingly critical as we also negotiate recent targeted acts of violence against law enforcement, such as Saturday's tragic shootings of NYPD Officers Ramos and Liu in Brooklyn.
How Do Jews View Science? So that's the first challenge\u00a0for the Jewish community when it comes to science -- while the Christian community grapples with\u00a0how\u00a0to embrace science, the Jewish community has to figure out how to relate to\u00a0Judaism.
How Pakistan's Unregulated Madrassa System Sows Religious Strife 
Are You For Us or For Our Enemies When I found out about the Eric Garner decision, I did not know how to respond. But my first instinct was not to stop. It was to go and do something. And I surely didn't pause to find my favorite worship song or let alone ask, \Lord, what would you have me to do?\
All I Want for Christmas Is the Gift of Uncertainty Have you ever been enamored by a child's sense of wonder? Their incredulous awe in myths like the tooth fairy and Santa, their wide-eyed anticipation of unwrapping a present?
The Shepherd from Bethlehem Speaks Have you ever wondered what it is like to be a shepherd? Most of the time you are bored out of your mind. I sit there and watch sheep day after day. I never wanted to be a shepherd.
A Message From a Protestor and Former Cop I stand on both sides of the so-called \blue line,\ placing one foot in the world of the NYPD furious over the murder of two of our own and another foot in with the black and brown people of this city angry with the senseless deaths of young people at the hands of the police.
Why I Don't Do Christmas I don't like -- don't approve, refuse to throw myself into -- the spirit of obligatory gift-giving. In my lifetime, this has become existentially linked to a commercial orgy that has now even co-opted the ritual angle
The Torah Is Pro-Life and Pro-Choice This brief essay is bound to make no one happy. It is not meant to. Nor is it meant to place judgment on anyone's leaning regarding a very volatile political issue in American society.
Protest and God's Presence (Isaiah 61:10-62:3) While every year is filled with its triumphs and its terrors, 2014 has been a year that has felt particularly fraught. It is not because this is a year where evil and terror appeared from nowhere, surprising us in our general euphoria or mundane lives.
Post-War on Christmas Now that the \War on Christmas\ is over -- its publicist, Fox News Bill O'Reilly, announced this finding last week -- we can survey the post-war terrain.
My Seizure Diagnosis I'm ready to find the pony. But maybe I have to dig through a little more shit first. As some of my less pastoral friends and family put it, it could be worse. I could be dead. So I've got that going for me.
The Taliban in the Self How many children has our greed killed?  How many children grow up without proper education?  How many children are subjected to the slow deaths of racism, homophobia and sexism?  How many children are dead because of our thirst for guns and violence?  The questions can go on and on.
A Prayer From the Mall of America I thank you for the Bloomington Police Department, and the Mall of America Security Force, for their willingness to keep things calm and peaceful.  May their humanity continue to shine in the difficult months ahead, as we work towards systemic change when police are accountable to the same laws as other citizens.
The False Choice of Protesting for Justice and Supporting Our Police Instead of pitting the deaths of Liu and Ramos against Garner and Brown; we can join them together, understanding them as martyrs whose live inspire us on both sides of the blue line to work for a more just, safe and united America.
The Rabbi and the Christmas Tree Just before Christmas the previous year, my mother (\Mimi\ to her grandchildren) had died in my childhood home in Savannah, Georgia.  For the first time in my life I had decided to spend Christmas away from my family of origin, away from Savannah.  It was not an uncomplicated decision, but I had made peace with it.
A Look At The Tiny, Magical Depictions Of Jesus' Birth 
This Week In Pictures 
A Hanukkah 'Raga' Rabbi Katy Allen teaches that Hanukkah is a time to rededicate ourselves to the holy and hard work of responding to climate change. She writes that we \increase our holiness by rededicating ourselves to reducing our carbon footprint.\
Mary and Joseph Joseph and Mary remind us that Christmas is a genuine love story--the story of God's unwavering love for us and our love for him; the marvelous love of a wife and a husband and the joyous wonder of a first child.
Pope Francis Hopes Rome Hosts 2024 Summer Olympics, With A Caveat 
Pope Francis Wrote Little Known, Revealing Book On Cuba 
7 Common Misconceptions About the Hebrew Bible It is helpful to think about common misconceptions that people have about the Bible so that we can read it better.
Danny Cortez Is a Dangerous Man Darkness filled the sky and night was upon me. Throughout my drive to the airport, I thought about the death of my grandmother. I was hurting.
Displaced Christians In Iraq Prepare For Christmas 
Chicago Travel Agent Cheated Muslim Pilgrims Over Hajj Trips, Feds Say 
From The Rubbles Of Joplin's Deadly Tornado, A New Catholic Church Rises 
The Legacy Of Evangelical Preacher George Whitefield 
Menorahs Light Up Around The World For Hanukkah 2014 
Join Mary, Joseph And The Angels On A Pilgrimage To Jesus' Birth 
Single Dad Of 5 Can't Afford Christmas Presents This Year, But Has Lots Of Love To Go Around 
Needed This year we commemorate the 100th anniversary of the beginning of WWI -- or the Great War -- in Europe. In the midst of this commemoration, we will do well to remember the remarkable Christmas Truce of 1914.
Time to Equalize Islam To tell women to pray at home, especially during the last ten nights of Ramadan, is dehumanizing.  I am not a houseplant or a goldfish to be left by the window.
A Pale Blue Christmas The presence of sorrow doesn't mean that Christmastime, even with sadness mixed in, can't be truly joyous and happy. It just means we have to redefine our understanding of \happy\ and \joyful.\
What Do Palestinians Want for Christmas Instead, the plight of the Palestinian Christian is very much connected to that of the Palestinian Muslim in that both experience injustices every day as a result of oppressive and discriminatory policies imposed on them by the Israeli Occupation.
Who Cares If It Works? Jesus, Torture, and Rectal Hydration Look, I'm not saying you can't be a Christian and support torture. I'm just saying that you're going to have a hard time convincing Jesus that it's a Christianity he would recognize.
Race Matters in the Classroom I am successful when my students and conversation partners begin enclosing and confining these colonial categories in quotation marks, recognizing their construction and significance, historicizing them, disrupting them, and depriving them of their power.
Pope Francis and the Catholic Crisis It is fair to describe Pope Francis's summons as a call to Christian adulthood, but not in some superficial or trite sense.  Rather he expects all Catholics to show a spirit of leadership,  independence, and good judgment.
Hanukkah's Lesson For Environmental Activists 
How Do You Evangelize? How do you evangelize? I do it by trying to reflect the characteristics of God. When I'm around people, I do what I think He would do
Black Ribbon in the Balsam The ribbon was there every year to remind us that in spite of yule logs, spiced cider and jingle bells, something was still not quite right with the world.
How to Slay the Inner Dragons Our advocates have our best interests in mind and don't accept verdicts such as failure or disease. They may take the form of friends or family, but they begin with the good thoughts that are always occurring to us from a uniquely divine source.
Injustice, Violence, and Oppression As passages such as Matthew 25 make abundantly clear, to love God is to find and serve Jesus in the form of the most vulnerable among us
Hanukkah 2014 
Catholic Church In Australia 
Interfaith Efforts Work For Reconciliation In The Central African Republic 
Photos Of Prophetic Faith At Justice For All Rally In Washington DC 
Why Were So Many Beloved Christmas Songs Written By Jewish Musicians? 
Kansas Pastor Claims She's Received Death Threats For Officiating Same-Sex Weddings 
Celebrating Christmas Actually, we will never know the exact birth date of Jesus. But that really doesn't make any difference, for we know that Jesus was a real person who is still alive and is a very real presence in our lives today. Let us focus on that as we prepare for a blessed Christmas celebration.
This Week In Pictures 
1,039-Person Nativity Scene Reportedly Breaks World Record 
In the Face of Systemic Racism, South Asians Must Not Keep Silent The Civil Rights Movement was itself the fruit of the shared spiritual yearnings of blacks and Indians. Therefore, South Asian immigrants are under historical, moral and spiritual obligations to refuse offers of white privilege and join in solidarity with African-Americans.
What This Gay Atheist Learned From Being an Evangelical Christian After a few years outside the isolation of an Evangelical community, these are values I find most lacking in the mainstream and would pass on to others who are still building their own identities.
Bill Nye 
Zen Temple In Japan Becomes First To Perform Same Sex Marriage Ceremonies 
Torture and the Killing of Jesus Torture is not merely an issue of political left or right. It is not just an issue of military opinion versus civilian. It is an issue that grows from the nature of man, from the principled vision of a nation and from the highest of religious truth.
Hindu Priest Vows To Convert Hundreds On Christmas Day 
165-Year-Old Bible Stolen From Thrift Store Christmas Display Window 
3 Lessons for America From Christian Bale's Moses Bale's Moses changes dramatically from a strapping, confident and commanding \prince of Egypt\ -- the typical hero of braun and bravado -- to a wan, confused, tormented, exhausted servant.
Finding Justice in the \Giving Season\ Tis the season of giving. Right? From \Giving Tuesday\ to Salvation Army bell ringers to frantic online donations or checks postmarked by Dec. 31, charitable giving spikes in December.
\Troubled\ Moses or Traumatic Origins of the Bible? We have no way to ascertain whether Moses personally suffered from trauma. He lived long before history was written down in Israel and the stories about him are shrouded in centuries of later tradition.
What Happened When Louis Zamperini Met Billy Graham 
Czech Homeowners Discover Sacred Item Hidden By Jews In WWII 
Handel's Messiah, Jesus, and the Old Testament In the Messiah the Jesus story begins with Israel's prophets. They anticipate the savior's arrival, which finds its fulfillment in the gospel stories. Israel's anticipation and Jesus as its fulfillment
Church Leaders Claim New Band Aid Song Reinforces Negative Stereotypes About Africa 
Hear the Cries of the Oppressed Why isn't the Christian church, black and white together, rising up in one voice and demanding justice throughout the land?
Qanta Ahmed's Message and Mission As a campaigner for peace and pluralism, Ahmed is dismayed by the toxic lure of an Islamist doctrine that is supremacist, separatist, and hostile to secular Western values, and she calls for an urgent review of this ideology.
Ignore Convert Craziness and Oppose ISIS Ignorance, Because Canada Is Islam Because Muhammad spent his life fighting against everything ISIS stands for, and he would have loved Canada.
How to Be Free in Faith Instead of a Slave to Religion-Made Certainty Fundamentalism pushes for conformity to their religious status quo, and that push is rarely seen by them for what it actually is
Rough, Intimate, Tragic, Redemptive I knew why Bill wanted me to see this movie. He wanted me to see it because in the character he saw a figure living out the life that I have long sought to live. Now having seen the movie, I feel like I have a better chance of doing just that.
Survive The Guilt-Ridden Holidays With The \5-Word Prayer\ What can we do to make it through this season with wisdom and grace kicking out the guilt?
Gifts of the Gita Astute diplomatic symbolism aside, the larger question is which Bhagavad Gita will prevail during the Modi Raj. The Prime Minister's personal background leads back to the Gita of RSS founder Hedgewar, who read the work as a conservative, exclusivist, Hindu work.
Sacred Sites Worship leaders know that they have more precedents than those they inherit from, say, old Europe and old suburbs, and have to think fresh thoughts for tomorrow's buildings.
What Do Real Women Religious Think About Lifetime's \The Sisterhood\? 
A Pilgrimage to the Brahmagiri Mountain The significance of this mountain lies more in its religious significance. Brahmagiri is located only a few kilometers from Triambakeshwar, the source of the river Godavari, one of the major river systems of South India.
Pondering the Bird I realize there are those who have never experienced or tried to understand the relationship between God and mankind. Without judgment, each person must decide where their faith is, or isn't.
The Most Over-The-Top Christmas Trees Of The Season 
Pope Francis Critics Cite Conclave Conspiracy To Question His Papacy 
Will Angelina Jolie's 'Unbroken' Movie Win Over Christian Fans? 
White Christians Are Taking A Stand 
Jesus Is Dead, and So Are We. Eric Garner Is Our Only Hope for Resurrection. We must continue to breathe life into his story and case.  We must use the details of the horrific tragedy of Eric Garner's death to shock life into the people of this nation.  We must keep demanding justice.  Do not ever stop telling the story of Eric Garner.  Get out into the streets and breathe the breath of life into this dead, racist nation.
How Christmas Creep Hurts Interfaith Families The truth is that Christmas Creep isn't just about forgetting other holidays, it's about forgetting other people. And worse than that, Christmas Creep is about forgetting Christmas as well.
My Very Personal Happy Christmas Story For me, as a child in the mission, Christmas meant feeling guilty because Mom did so much and we mere mortals did so little. My childhood Yuletide question was
America, We've Got a Problem It's past time to fix it, and the church must stand alongside a new generation of young leaders and help the nation find the way forward.
Work for Climate Justice For the sake of creation, for the sake of our sister and brothers, for the sake of the planet, and for own sake, is is important to work for justice and continue to fight to reverse climate change.
History of Islam and Western Civilization in Short Batches The book is A Short History of the Arab Peoples by Sir John Glubb, copyright 1969. This short volume of 300 pages is an executive summary of a four volume more detailed work by this author on the subject.
Guidelines For Muslim-Jewish Interfaith Dialogue 
HuffPost Religion Podcast 'All Together' Is Now On iTunes 
Faith Leaders Join The Fight For Lower Payday Loan Rates 
The Jerusalem Synagogue Attack My 24-year-old daughter lives in Jerusalem. It's not a large city, so anything that happens in Jerusalem, is too close for comfort in this mother's eyes. I am not a staunch pro-Israel supporter, as many expect I might be. However, this was wrong on all levels. This is black and white for me
A Carol for Our Times As a music journalist it may seem out of place to bring up the socio-political issues of the day.  But in the music that I have recently covered at the English Folk Expo, I found this song whose words and music stir me, and drove me to think about who we are and what we stand for as a species.
How #Christian Hashtags Rally The Faithful And Lure Trolls 
Greek And Turkish Cypriots Find Common Ground In Effort To Restore Dilapidated Monastery 
1 In 3 Americans Has Heard Their Clergy Discuss Climate Change 
Is Reconciliation Between Brothers Possible, Then and Now? Is reconciliation possible between brothers or peoples who have been in conflict for a long time? The answer is yes, but it requires maturity, wisdom and courage.
How To Have A Spiritual Black Friday 
Daily Meditation 
The Truth That Was Told and Will Be Told Like a large family gathered around a bounteous autumn table keeping the peace by not telling the truth, many of us heard more truth from St. Louis County this week two nights ago than we were quite prepared to deal with.
Are Undocumented Immigrants Welcome At America's Thanksgiving Table? 
HuffPost Readers #ThankASpiritualMentor 
Daily Meditation 
Ferguson's Grand Jury Decision Could Produce the Seeds of Change Beyond the needless death of an 18-year-old, it would be further heartbreaking if Ferguson proved to be nothing more than a euphemism added to similar tragedies to recall when the next racially-charged event pricks otherwise apathetic souls into momentary reactionary anger for public consumption.
Pope Francis Personally Called A Spanish Sex Abuse Victim 
A 2,000-Year-Old Thanksgiving Psalm These lines are from ancient Jerusalem and form part of a psalm of thanksgiving that was penned in Hebrew over 2,000 years ago and preserved in the now-famous Dead Sea Scrolls. Though ancient, its themes resonate with modern religious traditions.
Restlessness or Respectability? A Spiritual Freedom to Be Dangerous After Ferguson African American historians, womanists in particular, have long warned that \respectability\ is an elite ideology that encourages the marginalized to conform to sociocultural standards and mannerisms defined only by those in power.
Miracles Work Everywhere I was with just elected Massachusetts Democratic Governor, Ed King, at St. Joseph's Catholic Church in Boston's West End in January of 1979, as people sat quietly in the Church and heard Bishop Joseph McGuire ask for God's blessing on our new Governor.
Hispanic Evangelicals to Congress The National Latino Evangelical Coalition is now committed to two things
Technology, Communication and Religion No matter one's feelings about the interaction of religion and technology, religion is being pushed, cajoled, uplifted, and profoundly changed by the technological advances of our time and merits greater study.
Was There a Villain in the 2014 Election? Elections -- always rough and wearisome -- are now tawdry cartoons churned by gaudy ad agencies hired by lackluster political parties. And so it will remain unless the listless elephant arises.
'Is It Time To Separate Church And State Marriages?' 
Does Ferguson Herald the End Times? Ptolemy Says No! Half of all Americans, including more than three-quarters of white evangelicals, believe the End Times are upon us! But, seeing as the clearest prophecy in the Bible, attributed to Jesus himself, went unfulfilled, maybe we need think harder.
Ferguson and Racism Dear America, we greet you as Christians who believe that freedom in Christ means that all persons deserve respect and equality before God and the law.
'Peace Not Pieces' The Constitution of 1973 clearly states equal and fair rights to all citizens of the Islamic republic of Pakistan. Why have we backtracked on the indubitable basis our country was founded upon? Where did tolerance go?
Punk Meets Piety For Young Muslim Rebels 
Pope Francis Canonized Six New Saints This Weekend 
These May Be Some Of The Tackiest Advent Calendars We've Seen 
New Book Explores Cost Of 'Jewish Particularism' 
During His Crucial ISIS-Focused Trip to Turkey, Why Would the Vice President of the United States Meet With Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew? This is a globally disturbing historic moment when misguided Muslim extremists are murdering untold numbers of Christians, Muslims and anyone else they encounter and pitting the faiths against each other.  It is at such moments that the world's peacemakers, like Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, are needed more than ever.
Religious Tension High After Mosque Closures 
Thanksgiving and Political Correctness Thanksgiving has been celebrated by Native Americans, Christians, Jews and whoever else wants to since 1621, and I firmly believe we should continue unapologetically to celebrate giving thanks to God Almighty for our many blessings.
Fox News on the 'Proper Use' of Scripture Evidently using the Bible as a weapon of mass discrimination against LGBT people is fair game but suggesting that loving your neighbors by not deporting them is out of bounds. Honest to Ethel... they make my hair hurt.
Don't Breathe On This Impossibly Intricate Sand Mandala 
Would You Guess There Are Fewer Amish Today? You'd Be So Wrong 
With a Grateful Heart Sometimes it is in these small moments and the regular observance of finding just one thing for which you're thankful that works together to create a grateful heart.
Twins The twins, Jacob and Esav, grow up together then go their separate ways. But could things have been different?
A Ministry On Top Of The World 
Quran Is Not for Muslims God is not the God of Muslims and no where he claims that in Quran. He is creator of the universe(s), which is within and beyond our imagination. Quran is a book of guidance to preserve the cohesiveness within and what surrounds us; people and the environment.
The Most Important RSVP from Pope Francis I have seen examples of people ending a marriage only to realize later that they hadn't been so bad off after all. In the Church, discernment, listening to our hearts, and deep prayer and meditation, are all called for before entering into or ending such a union.
Pope Francis Calls Assisted Suicide 'A Sin Against God' 
Finding Comfort in Numbers What did I believe in? It is still something I think about fairly often. If I had been raised strictly Jewish, what would be different about me and my outlook on the world?
Jewish, Muslim And Christian Farmers Unite For Coffee 
These Texas Doctors Prove That Jews And Muslims Can Achieve Great Things By Working Together 
What Muslim Hashtag Activism Actually Accomplishes 
Here's Something To Consider Next Time You Refer To God As 'He' 
Pope Francis Tells the Church to Hit the Showers When you walk through the Vatican Museums, one of the things that you likely won't notice on the way to the Sistine Chapel is a wall made of windows and large doors tucked behind a gift shop that have the seal of Pope Benedict XVI above them.
Biblical Abraham To Be Tried For Child Endangerment In New York 
This Week In Pictures 
Post Card From the Fringe The Catholic Church at this moment in history is faced with a rising chorus of right-wing dissent. This movement poses a threat to Pope Francis's reforms, but the threat should not be overblown.
The Real Mover Is Love Last week His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama came to Princeton University and met with a select group of students to discuss part of the University's informal motto, \In the service of all nations.\
LGBT Christians Speak Out 
Inclusion Gone Too Far In the massive California State University system, as at some other universities, new anti-discrimination rules for student groups mean it can no longer be required that the president of the Christian student fellowship is Christian.
Pope Francis Told This Priest To Give Alms With 'A Lot Of Imagination.' Here's What He Did. 
Guru Nanak at the White House Sikhism and America share the fundamental principles of integrity, hard work, and service, and both seek to uphold righteousness in the face of injustice
Wannabe Demographers? Shalva Weil's characterization of \wannbe\ Jews is itself derogatory and dismissive. Those exploring their heritage or seeking to convert to Judaism should according to our tradition be treated with respect, even if they do not choose to complete their journey.
The Catholic Church Started the Culture Wars -- Now Can They End Them? While the culture wars are usually attributed to the Christian right, the U.S. Catholic bishops are in many ways responsible for starting the culture wars that have polarized society and paralyzed our political process. Today, the Catholic bishops have a chance to back down from the culture wars they started. The question is
Deepak Chopra's Quest To Find 'God 2.0' 
Awake! Why Hindus Must Choose Moral Relevance Over Historic Fantasy Awake
Fear of (Objects) Flying Last week, three hotly trending topics in my Facebook feed related to feminism. The first was about a video of a woman walking around Manhattan to much objectification. The second pertained to a voyeuristic rabbi who had installed cameras in a D.C. mikvah. The third was about another Orthodox rabbi who resigned from the RBC in light of the recent mikvah scandal.
Jewish Millennials and Co. Relying on a variety of polls that use a variety of methods and definitions, and, always ready to point to a few counter-trends, we've reported on those who track the religious or irreligious young through various cohorts or with various religious identities.
The Sounds Of Muslim Prayers Filled The Washington National Cathedral On Friday 
Contemplative Studies Grow At Brown University -- And Beyond 
Wait for Me Until I Welcome If we think our tradition demands we risk our children's lives by not accepting them, like Avraham, maybe we are misreading our tradition. God does not need our defense, and God will most certainly be there when we get back. All our children are angels who are just waiting to be welcomed into the tent.
Hollywood Pastor's 'World Adoption Day' Effort Gets A $4 Million Crowdfunded Boost 
Love Fierce As the Grave... and Better Than Death With Dignity I have been sought out by Christ in his strong covenant affection; I am his, and he is mine. In him I have been chosen and sealed until the day of redemption, when our love will become not a temporary but an eternal reality.
This Week In Pictures 
U.S. Navy Faces Lawsuit Over Rejection Of Humanist Chaplain 
Sacred Catholic Art Exhibit Puts A Contemporary Spin On Ancient Beliefs 
How to Write the Pope's Biography Listen to Elisabetta Piqu\u00e9 discuss her process and experience in writing Pope Francis's biography, Pope Francis
General Theological Seminary Resolves Faculty Dispute... Kind Of 
What Has Happened to Them? These young people, who demanded the civil rights, have somehow fifty years later become the people who support the restriction on voter rights.
Recognizing Same-Sex Marriage Equality It isn't just our homosexual \being\ that God \tolerates\ but our homosexual \doing\ -- our romantic, erotic, loving relationships -- that God creates, ordains, and declares good in Hebrew and Christian scriptures.
Why This Reform Rabbi Loves Shmuley Boteach 
World Religion in America She looked the part of a fine arts major, with the gold spangle in her nostril, the streak of purple in her jet-black hair and her bespoke clothing. Her diminutive form gave no hint of the feisty energy that would pour forth whenever she spoke in the meetings of the Student Interfaith Council
Standing Together for Crimean Tartars As an American Jewish and an American Muslim leader dedicated to the principle that Muslims and Jews should stand up for each other whenever the rights of members of either community are violated anywhere in the world, we are speaking out together against the ever-intensifying campaign of intimidation against the Crimean Tatars.
Pankaj Mishra's Incredible India Mishra's essay is an incredible exercise in distortion and denial. Even if one grants that there is a glimmer of good intentions around his apocalyptic vision the problem with the sheer fictiveness of his idea of India remains.
The Conservative Media's Assault on Religious Academia There are several 'news' sources that claim to be conservative that berate scholars. The majority of these verbal assaults are directed at ones that are involved in the field of religious studies.
If Heaven Is Real, What Are We Doing Here? We don't have to wait for a life review.  We can review our lives now including forgiving ourselves and others.  We can understand the connectedness to everyone and everything.  Everything done to others we are doing to ourselves.
Ashura In the Shadow of New Terrorism Sectarian violence persists in Islam, and discredits the religion of Muhammad, Ali, and Husayn before the world.  There is much to ponder, this year, on Ashura.
Me and My Saints This year, in our church's All Saints celebration, I lit a candle to my birth parents Ken and Sophia, to birth grandparents Clinton and Jessie, to Katie and John, my saints I'll never meet, but whose genes are the weft and warp in the tapestry that is me.
Americans Think The Country's Muslim Population Is Much Bigger Than It Really Is 
5 Things Brittany Maynard's Example Teaches Us About Death And Dying 
These Nuns Are All About That Bass 
Harry Reicher I have only known Harry Reicher for three months, and yet today I say goodbye to him as an old friend. I don't know why, but I wasn't expecting to meet a devout and practicing Jew the day he first walked into the USC Shoah Foundation office, but Harry's devotion to his religious life radiated from him the moment he said hello.
Bishops Object As Catholic Universities Offer Same-Sex Benefits 
Cardinal Burke 
Why Death Is On The Minds Of Many Major Religions 
The Delta Queen Riverboat, the Election and You Far too many of us spend our time paddling around in the shallow things of life instead of heading straight for the deeps. We get tangled up on the sandbars of the shallow waters of life, dissipating our energies on the trivial. This is especially relevant now as people prepare to vote in the election of this coming Tuesday, November 4.
How Will We Remember The Holocaust After The Survivors Are Gone? 
Daily Meditation 
Man Between God and the Devil What if I looked at on this Reformation Day Oberman's critique in light of Halloween how would Luther speak today in that reclamation? What would a reclaimed Halloween express?
Is the Southern Baptist Church Having an Identity Crisis, or Am I? I returned from the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission convinced that it's only a matter of time before the SBC changes how it relates to the LGBT community. The question is whether that change will be a gentler spin on \love the sinner, hate the sin,\ a softer rhetoric toward some and a harsher one toward others, or the beginning of a deeper journey toward understanding.
Hekate Let's take a closer look (if we dare) at the inspiration for the cackling Halloween hag, the patroness of witches
Sure, the Pharisees Preached Original Sin -- But Jesus Preached Original Innocence One of the reasons Jesus got a bad reputation amongst the religious community of his day was because he was not afraid to associate himself with mankind, all of mankind
Pope Francis Thanks Exorcists For Showing 'Love For Those Possessed' 
Divine Wife-Beating and Three Things God's Wrath Cannot Be God's wrath, properly understood, makes the good news about King Jesus truly moving. That is, we must understand that the wrath of God is most definitely not divine wife-beating, however poetic Piper thinks such a sentiment to be (yikes).
Pre-Show Prayer Helps NKOTB 'Connect' And Give Thanks 
10 Things You Didn't Know About Samhain 
The Art of Growing Old Nobody grows old. You just wake up one day and realize you are. Dress up aging any way you wish. Offer whatever cute cliche' you'd like. None of it helps. Aging, or growing old, just plain sucks.
Recipe for a Renaissance What can the American Jewish community, which has witnessed synagogues erode and disappear with alarming regularity in recent years, learn from past renaissances in order to empower us to engineer our own?
Of Free Speech, Islamophobia and New Atheism Evangelical anti-theism, much like militant theism by extremist clerics in the theist world, detaches one from the important values of objectivity and fairness.
Suffering as Transformation When I look back on the suffering in my life, I see it now as a gift. I would have never asked for it for a second, I hated it while it was happening and I protested as loudly as I could, but suffering happened anyway. Now, in retrospect I see the way in which it deepened my being immeasurably.
Toronto's New Jewel Ethics, diversity, pluralism and excellence
Man Who Smashed 10 Commandments Monument Says Devil Made Him Do It 
Sitting Down To Dinner With Pope Francis 
The Hasidic Hipsters Of Zusha Are Here To Rock The World Of Jewish Music 
Officially Atheist China Is Home To This Vibrant Muslim Community 
Ground Zero Greek Orthodox Church Begins Rebuilding, 13 Years After 9/11 Attack 
How Jesus 'the Glutton and the Drunk' Embraced Life Beyond the Religiously Accepted Limit One of the greatest challenges any Christian faces is the risk of falling in love with the idea of being like Jesus (WWJD?) while failing to recognize what a life lived in his footsteps truly looks like.
Archbishop Calls For End To Confidentiality In Child Abuse Confessions 
Darkness I want to talk about darkness. Not just the darkness that happens when the sun goes down and the lights go off -- I'm talking about the darkness that sometimes descends on our lives, making everything seem bleak and hopeless
Daily Meditation 
Power and Powerlessness in Religion And before people get up in arms about using this heinous crime to promote a feminist agenda -- I disagree (although each and every one of us promote agendas every day of our lives). I see it as an opportunity to unearth the worms and re-soil.
A Pastoral Letter to Older Generations About Those Frustrating Millennials The question that older generations of leaders within mainline denominations must ask themselves, I suggested, therefore, is
On Gays, the Vatican and the Episcopal Church In terms of God's justice, we may have moved too slow and too late but we kept moving. And it's taken us nearly 40 years. Forty years of steps forward and steps back. But we've kept on moving ... and after nearly 40 years in the wilderness I do believe we can see the Promised Land of full inclusion on the horizon.
#Muslims4Ferguson Takes To Twitter To Protest Police Brutality 
The Third Way The past few months and years, the church has become increasingly polarized on the LGBT debate. We have neglected to see the importance of what Jesus prayed. Our churches have become dysfunctional and our witness has diminished.
Ebola, ISIS and Our Borders When did we give up being the nation that welcomed the wretched, tired and poor upon our teeming shores? Now we imagine they are terrorists armed with viruses.
WWJD Once upon a time, a mother made her son a wristband. On it was written
The Pope and the Synod Many are no doubt disappointed at the seeming failure of the final relatio or report issued on Oct. 18th by the special synod or meeting of bishops that began in Rome beginning Oct. 5th.
Love Means Getting to Say You're Sorry -- Why I Was Arrested in Ferguson Last Monday I was arrested in Ferguson, Missouri, along with dozens of other clergy, seminarians, and people of many faith traditions. As a white, middle-aged, married,  mother of three and a rule-abiding Presbyterian, this was a new experience for me.
The Evangelical War on Halloween Why go to church to hear about a zombie or get possessed by a ghost or drink blood? You can do pretty much the same thing down the street at the nearby Halloween party, and it'll be a lot more fun.
From Jesus to Hollywood Perhaps you know his name from his book Jesus
Whose Parish Is It Anyway? Churches Face Delicate Balance in Meeting Needs of Ethnic Ministries A phenomenon of Mass mobs, where large groups of suburbanites worship in the city on a given Sunday, is shining new light for a day on urban parishes that are dwindling or, in some cases, have been closed.
Reformation Then and Now -- Dismantling Walls Today (Psalm 46) Psalm 46 continually reminds us that the Reformation is not a celebration of identity but rather the deconstruction of walls, whether those walls be political, cultural, ethnic, economic or religious.
Pope 
Seventh-Day Adventists To Vote On Women's Ordination In 2015 
Hillsong Church Founder Defends Handling Of Father's Sex Abuse Case 
What Jefferson, Dickens And Tolstoy Can Teach Us About Exploring The Big Questions 
Stunning 85% Of Young Catholics Support Gay Equality 
The Vatican's Synod on the Family, and Why You've Missed the Point. If you are extraordinarily upset or excited about the extraordinary Synod of Bishops on the family that has taken place for the last two weeks here in Rome, then you likely don't really understand what it actually is.
What Jesus Really Thinks about Dying With Dignity Surely there is a better way for Christian discourse than to resort to serious accusations of godlessness towards those who may have an alternative opinion, even if that opinion is in the minority.
The Power of Presence To deepen and heal our relationships he guides us to say (to ourselves) as we sit with our loved ones, \Darling, I am here for you. Darling, I know you suffer, and I am here for you.\
Alone in the Synagogue Though I might not subscribe to every prayer in the Siddur, I always use the synagogue time for my own prayer of thanks for being alive and the multitudes of blessings I enjoy.  I want to let the Lord know I haven't forgotten them.  Then, leaving the hall, the yarmulke still in place on my head, I head home feeling a little purer.
'Meet the Mormons' Meet the Mormons is an 80-minute infomercial produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of LDS, highlighting a diverse cross-section of church members. It's well-made, but it feels more like a video Pfizer, Goldman Sachs or Exxon would put out about how great their corporation is than an actual documentary.
Celebrating Torah in a World That's Gone Bonkers After the kind of year we had, who is really having a Simchat Torah, any kind of rejoicing with the Torah? The world has gone mad.
Islamic State's Black Flag Flies Over Vatican On Cover Of Propaganda Magazine 
Why Don't We Listen to God? If we follow Christ like we follow the latest food phenomenons or workout routine (to say nothing of our obsession with material things), we would each lead much more meaningful and happy lives.
Ebola, Infection Control, and Religious Freedom What do chaplains have to do with biological, viral threats?  Military and health care chaplains have generally been on the front lines in the critical care and urgent emergency medical response to these new infectious agents.
Animals and the Church? Animals are everywhere in the Christian Bible and yet the erasure of the nonhuman from theological contemplation has been commonplace from the earliest days of the church.
Beyond Borders I didn't expect to be on a flight to Mexico. I thought I would spend most of today completing multiple unfinished writing projects that I have long neglected. Things changed when I met Ramon.
Future Pastors Will Get Science Training With This New $1.5 Million Grant 
When Ebola Comes To Church Ebola came to our church, even though no one was exposed to the virus inside our building. We encountered Ebola because one of our members came face-to-face with it. And to echo the words of the Apostle Paul, when one member of the body hurts, the entire body feels pain.
'Mass Mobs' Are Taking Over Detroit's Catholic Churches 
How An Illinois Mom Converted To Islam And Found Peace And Joy During Her Very First Hajj 
Will Hobby Lobby Exec's Bible Museum Only Feature Protestant Interpretations? 
Israeli And Palestinian Teens Sing About 'Home' Together 
Lies, Damned Lies, and Bill Maher's Statistics What Bill Maher, Sam Harris and many others like them fail to realize is that religion as it is practiced is a product of a wide array of factors, the official texts being only one of them. People of any faith are more shaped by the norms of their cultural context, interpreting their religious texts to comport with those norms rather than the other way around.
Why Every Jesus Follower Must Show Up In Ferguson! There is a Ferguson in every community across the country. You may not be able or compelled to make the trip to Ferguson, Missouri, but you can walk across the street
Iraqi Catholic Couple Attending Pope Francis' Synod Describe Havoc Wreaked By ISIS 
Bishops Debate Where Doctrine Ends, Pastoral Practice Begins 
Notre Dame Extend Benefits To Same-Sex Spouses 
Nobel Peace Prize Creates Important Moment For Interfaith Unity 
Clergy Gather In Ferguson For 'Weekend Of Resistance' 
Face-to-Face Interaction Is Key to Changing Misperceptions of American Muslims The bonds forged by interpersonal contact can last a lifetime, and hearing, in person, about the lived religion of an often-maligned group like American Muslims creates advocates for equality and dialogue. A lifetime of exposure to prejudicial narratives can be dispelled by one hour of personal contact.
Praise the Lord or Praise the Person? The next time you leave your door unlocked and no one breaks in, the next time someone buys you a gift, or the next time someone does something nice for you, I'm not telling you not to thank God (if thanking God is what you do), I'm simply suggesting that people are also worthy of praise.
The Baseball Solution to our Political Polarization Political polarization is worse than ever this fall, with contests being framed as a struggle between virtue and vice, strength and weakness.
Being Muslim Now There is a saying of the Prophet, \There will come a time when holding firmly onto religion will be like holding onto hot coals (Al-Tirmidhi).\ Facing pressures both internal and external to Islam, it feels that time has come.
What Is True Islam? Unfortunately, the ignorance to Islam that Megyn Kelly demonstrated interfered with her ability to hold a rational and just interview. Indeed, what is fair and balanced about inviting an anonymous puppet and taking his word as gospel, without any countering voice?
The Spiritual Key To Thriving At College 
ISIS' Muslim Death Toll Is Enormous 
Ferguson in October Protecting the fundamental right to walk in the streets -- for black teenagers and for all Americans, of every stripe and kind -- is crucial to democracy.
Hobby Lobby Billionaire Is Making Progress With His Pet Project, 'Museum Of The Bible' 
Americans Pray Most For Family, Friends And Themselves 
All Eyes On The Changing Catholic Family As Synod Approaches 
Muslim Friends Of Beheaded Aid Worker Mourn 
Cardinal 
The Economics of Eid-ul-Adha in Pakistan In Pakistan, as the days to Eid-ul-Adha draw near, the craze of buying animals for sacrifice intensifies. Streets, lanes, alleys are filled by the young as well as the old bragging about the uniqueness of their animals, despite the stench of animal waste that lingers in the air.
LISTEN 
Connecting the Dots... As the clock ticks, the reasons for acting on climate change are becoming more urgent and obvious, and the religious community is increasingly stepping up to the challenge.
In Defense of 'Crazy' Crazy is not a bad word. Crazy people are not bad. So I'm reclaiming crazy in public discourse as a way to de-stigmatize mental illness. I stand on the shoulders of many others who repurpose words to empower people whose power has been taken away.
Pat Robertson 
Buddhist in America Growing up in a Buddhist family in Virginia in the '80s, I was often on the defensive about my family's beliefs. It was not unusual to be shunned by other kids because I did not believe in God the same way they'd been taught in church.
Why Do We Poke Each Other in the Heart? Look at the lengths to which people have gone to force their version of reality onto others in the name of this thing we call God. Think about all the religious wars that have taken place in human history, the degree to which we have made each other suffer because we find it unacceptable that two different versions of the same thing can exist.
Forgiveness of Others and of Ourselves Lately, I have come to believe the power to forgive is always mine. Exercising that power makes me stronger, not weaker. It definitely makes me happier. Why on Earth would I want to hold on to the pain of hating someone for something that happened 30 years ago?
Freedom of Religion Does Not Mean Absence of Religion 
God and Some Scientists In a recent New York Times op-ed, evolutionary biologist David Barash recounts telling the undergraduates in his animal behavior class that evolutionary science has \demolished two previously potent pillars of religious faith and undermined belief in an omnipotent and omni-benevolent God.\ Barash's claims of demolition are more \op\ than \ed,\ I'm afraid.
Pennsylvania Catholic School Boys Forbidden From Wrestling Girls During Matches 
President Obama The White House has acknowledged for the first time that the strict standards President Obama imposed last year to prevent civilian deaths from U.S. drone strikes will not apply to U.S. military operations in Syria and Iraq. This is a tragic error.
Vicar Of Baghdad 
The Madness of Rev. Kurt Dunkle and the Trustees of General Theological Seminary A few days ago, eight faculty members at the General Theological Seminary in New York went on strike until their one demand was met. What was that demand? A meeting. As of this morning, they have all been fired.
James Foley Photo Removed From NYC Anti-Islam Ads 
The United States No doubt, it is our natural instincts as parents to protect our kids from any harm. To watch them suffer is harder on us -- many times -- than on them.
Catholic and Protestant Church Clergy To Work Together For Richard III's Burial 
The Rites Of Hajj Explained In 6 Minutes 
Experts 
Praying It's the Jewish new year. Big holiday. Obscene amounts of food. Long hours in the synagogue. This year, I did something different. Instead of using the synagogue prayer book designated for the holiday, I took my own prayer book.
This Female, Evangelical Candidate Could Win Brazil Presidency 
Shmitta Where are we now? Income disparity soars, student loans threaten to be the next subprime mortgages, and millions of Americans struggle daily to make ends meet. Unmanageable, crippling debt is still harming millions of American families.
Protestant Clergy Rarely Preach About Mental Illness, Survey Finds 
Waning Influence of Religion in America On Monday of this past week, the Pew Research Center released the results of a poll taken earlier this month about religion, with this heading, \Public Sees Religion's Influence Waning.\  The survey addressed a wide range of religious topics relating to life in America.
5 Bad Storytelling Habits of Highly Annoying Rabbis To the learned men and women who lead the Jewish faith I would like to offer a simple message
This Woman Spent 40 Years Thinking She'd Lost Her Dad's Special Bible 
Did The Restaurant Owner Actually Say That To A Rabbi? 
In Compassion and Sympathy Christ-followers are given another angle of vision, another mirror into our souls, in the person of Jesus Christ. No passage of Scripture points more acutely to this image than one of this week's lectionary texts
Shinnyo Buddhist Lantern Floating Lights Up For International Day Of Peace 
Left Behind No unambiguous passage supports Christians being \raptured\ before the tribulation. The Book of Revelation describes sufferings, many of which characterize much of the world we live in. But while Revelation depicts God protecting at least some of his people from his own judgment, it nowhere mentions Christians being removed.
Catholic Parish Divided Over Priest's Decision To Ban Married Gay Couple From Receiving Communion 
Authors Reflect On Miracles, Immortality And Quantum Physics 
Navratri 2014 
Barbie's 'Virgin Mary' Makeover Is Infuriating Catholic Bishops 
Western Rabbis Draw Congregants' Wrath By Discussing Israel, Gaza 
A Journey From Unlovable to Beloved Yes, it's true. No, I'm not going through an early mid-life crisis. Yes, I've really thought about it. No, my values have not changed. Yes, I'm sure. This is how my end of the conversation goes when I tell my friends that I'm in the process of becoming Catholic.
Resident Aliens While the target audience in this case consists of Protestants, a.k.a. \Mainline Protestants,\ many other kinds of people \living faithfully\ in religious communities could recognize themselves in the issues involved, if not in the \selfie\ portraits of potential \aliens.\
Yom Kippur Imagine this
Pope Francis Slams Extremists Who 'Pervert Religion' 
Faith Photos From The People's Climate March 
These Young British Muslims Have A Message For The Islamic State 
Christ The Redeemer Turns Green For People's Climate March 
Thousands Of Muslims Crowded Into The Streets Of German Cities This Friday 
Prayer Flags Fly In Solidarity With People's Climate March 
Spiritual Resources for Activists Inspired by the original impulse of Occupy, I began gathering people for contemplative prayer and dialogues to cultivate wisdom resources for those of us who have quietly been working on building alternative structures for a new world.
Time Marches On In preparation for one of our high school reunion many years after graduation, the chairperson of our reunion suggested that each of us write about the best time of our lives. I gave this careful thought and simply wrote
Pope Francis Names Progressive To Replace Conservative Chicago Archbishop 
Climate Justice This is not only an environmental issue, but also an economic and social issue. Communities, churches and individuals need to become and involved in working towards climate justice. The time to act is now. Tomorrow is already too late.
Hineni -- Here I Am I look around at the congregation and see so many friends and familiar faces. My prayer book with my grandmother's inscription rests on my lap. I feel warm and connected. Hineni, I think, here I am.
The Next Big Thing for the Progressive Church It's time for progressive Christians to claim discipleship. It's time to get radical, not about our politics or our policies, but about our faith. It's time to stop throwing the baby Jesus out with the bath water, and start putting the horse before the cart.
When Prayer Becomes Control When senseless tragedy occurs, people of faith often rush to explain and control. As finite human beings, we are limited in our knowledge and power, which makes us uncomfortable.
Orthodox Synagogue Plans To Hire Woman As Clergy Member -- But Won't Call Her A Rabbi 
Pain 
Why Oklahoma Rep. John Bennett's Fear Mongering Makes Us Less Safe Americans have enough enemies without creating imaginary ones. But that is what Oklahoma Rep. John Bennett is doing by fear mongering against the whole American Muslim community. Bennett is creating imaginary Muslim enemies where none exist.
Happy Rosh Hashana! Over the years, Rosh Hashana has become associated with many recognizable objects and foods which you might see depicted on Rosh Hashana greeting cards or synagogue pamphlets.
God's Guide to Conflict Resolution If an Environmental Studies teacher is afraid to talk about climate change because of potential conflict, our planet is in deeper trouble than we think. So to face my own fear, I decided to write about the religious response to climate change.
How One Indian Housewife Switched Gears To Become A Hindu Priest 
Liberian Town Loses Its \u2018Prayer Warrior' In Latest Ebola Casualty 
From ISIS To Westboro 
Intense Beginnings Transitions prompt anxiety. Combinations of transitions can be simply overwhelming. Imagine what it must have been for the Israelites about to enter the land, the community they have created together barely coalescing.
American Ebola Survivor Kent Brantly Donates Blood To Fellow Missionary Doctor 
What Future for Iraq? Interreligious Debates at the Sant'Egidio Meeting An audience member asked if it would have been better if Saddam Hussein had remained in power. Interestingly, after brief hesitations, the answers were a resounding no. Saddam was evil and the situation under him was untenable.
At 9 Years Old, Grace Has Already Beaten Cancer. Now She's Taking On Child Homelessness 
Is It Time for Government to Recognize the Rights of Pastafarians? Whether or not you think the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is a joke, the stakes are quite serious. Indeed, they go right to the heart of two essential questions
Vatican Cricket Team May Need Some Divine Intervention 
Grieving Town Buries Brutally Murdered Italian Nuns Who Served Africa More Than 50 Years 
What Happened to Sin People around the world are suffering more now than at any time in my lifetime, and probably much longer. But the peoples of the world, including we who live in and love the United States, have become increasingly permissive and secular.
Washington State Rabbi Becomes U.S. Air Force Chaplain With Beard Intact 
Victim Of Islamophobic Crime Dreams Of A World Without Hate 
Attitudes of Gratitude Keep your friends close, and your religious friends closer.
Nuns To Pope Francis 
Killing Jesus and Claiming Justice The unfathomable love and grace of God is what binds Willie Trottie to the person of Jesus.  The murders of Barbara and Titus Canada cannot keep Trottie from such grace and love.  Why is this so difficult to believe?
Be Bold in Our Support for Women and Families Be Bold. I cannot think of a better call to action for people of faith who care about reproductive health, rights and justice.
Men and Their Anger Moses had an anger problem. Actually, his anger  got him into trouble on more than one occasion. No, not for hitting a woman; we have no record of him ever doing so, but for allowing his anger to turn into murder on one occasion and disobedience to God on another.
Daily Meditation 
Where Climate Change and Real Conservatives Meet By embracing a radical worldview, today's conservatives have abandoned the moral heritage of the West.
Witness Human Stories From The World's Largest Religious Festival 
Shobi's Table Is The Free, Food Truck Ministry That Every City Needs 
Martin Scorsese To Direct Movie About Jesuit Missionaries 
9/11 Families Launch Anti-Islamophobia Campaign 
Two Catholic Dioceses Are Fighting Over Something Unexpected 
Discovering a Lost and Forgotten Early Christian 'Gospel' Few Christians today have even heard of the Didache, but this text allows us a glimpse into a largely forgotten form of early Christianity, one that stands in rather stark contrast to the Christianity developed by the Apostle Paul some decades after the death of Jesus.
Daily Meditation 
Joan Rivers' Jewish Identity Was Part Humor, Part Faith 
The Religious Roots Of The Wilderness Act 
Why I Hope This Is My Last Arrest at the White House Last week, I was arrested with more than 130 other advocates outside the White House. This is not the first time I have been arrested in an act of civil disobedience in front of the White House protesting our nation's immoral immigration system -- but I am praying that it is the last time.
Daily Meditation 
In Praise of Public Servants and Taxi Drivers I have found in taxi drivers, restaurant owners, municipal workers, police officers, firemen and women, \migrants\ and immigrants from many states, a variety of countries, generous people who love the democratic principles and virtues of these United States.
The Ideologies Of American Churches In One Graph 
U.S. Muslims Ask John Kerry For Protection On Mecca Pilgrimage 
Walk Down The Rainbow Halls Of This Ancient Hindu Temple 
The Power of Prayer For all too long I have pondered the question, \What is my purpose?\\u00a0 I have often\u00a0raised my eyes toward Heaven and asked God, \What is it you want me to do?\ I have even had the audacity to scream at the great above.
Pope Francis To Celebrate Wedding Mass For 20 Couples 
John Lennon's Murderer 
Women Pastors In Prominent Churches Reveal Cracks In Stained-Glass Ceiling 
Jains Thrive In Chicago Despite Cultural Clash 
This Is What Sikh Looks Like 
London Rally Will Push Zero-Tolerance Of Anti-Semitism, Islamophobia 
Diffused Congruence Podcast For this month's show we're joined by Shadi Hamid of the Brookings Institution for a far-ranging chat on the foreign policy events that have been playing out in the Middle East over the last few years, including the Arab Spring, the rise of ISIS, and the escalation of conflict between Gaza and Israel this past month.
Catholic Patriarchs Denounce Islamic State's \u2018Crimes Against Humanity' 
Exhibit Explores Womanhood Through The Figure Of Jesus' Mother 
Open Letter to Pope Francis I ask you to instruct the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops to tell Catholic institutions not to fire any more LGBTQ Catholics.  I ask you to speak out against laws that criminalize and oppress LGBTQ people around the globe. These actions would bring true life to your statement \Whom am I to judge?\
What We Do When We Don't Know What to Do Maybe in our time of not-knowing, we who are white can realize that we should not try to be in charge for a change, that we should support the leadership of people of color, the experts in this movement. Maybe we can try to take a few steps forward together.
ISIS And The Crisis Of Meaning Long term, ISIS and the lure of other violent extremism in Islam and other religions will only be stopped if we are all invested in reaching out to young people. We have to be available to listen to their concerns, empathize with their sense of alienation, and help them find constructive ways to engage societal injustice. It is all of our responsibility to empower this generation with the knowledge and support they need to find a meaningful life and a positive identity that they can embrace and be proud of. ISIS and other radical groups are deadly serious about reaching out to young people with their skewed version of meaning that leads to death and destruction. Are we just as serious in reaching out to offer meaning that results in affirming life and creating a better world?
Indianapolis Follows Louisville With a Festival of Faiths The world's first Festival of Faiths was held in Louisville, Ky., in November 1995. Now approaching its 20th anniversary year, the highly successful and internationally acclaimed festival is being emulated by neighboring city Indianapolis.
\My Dad's Legacy Is On The Line\ 
Christians Need More Than An Escape From Iraq 
Christian Conservatives Ponder A \u2018Babylonian Exile' To Save Their Faith 
U.S. Missionary Doctor Discharged After Recovering From Ebola 
Dancing With The Enemy 
'The All-Knowing Buddha' 
Conservative Mega-Pastor's Meteoric Fall Takes Dramatic Turn 
A Look At The New, Massive Hindu Temple Gracing New Jersey 
What A Spiritual Awakening Really Feels Like 
Where Hope Takes Root Deuteronomy calls us to let our land lie fallow in the seventh year, to break from planting and harvesting, and to let go of debts -- a sabbatical (shmita) year. Is this the summer storm before a season of joy and bounty, happiness and equity?
'Jewels Of Elul' 
Time to Rethink Technology at Summer Camp? Tech gadgets would certainly compete with the immersive experience that sleep away camp creates for the young people. But does technology have no place whatsoever in the lives of campers?
Soundtrack for Ferguson In August 1964, mourners sang \We Shall Overcome\ at the memorial services and funerals for Andrew Goodman James Chaney and Michael Schwerner, three civil rights workers murdered in Mississippi. Fifty years later, it is still being sung at services and protests in Ferguson, Missouri.
Ferguson and Israel Since none of us are sleeping, perhaps we can be anxious in solidarity, navigating our ways through unending night.
Student Says She Was Punished At School For Saying \Bless You\ 
Live Free Scripture tells us that the weeping may last the night but joy comes in the morning. I sure hope so, because my heart is broken. Michael Brown is one of too many men and boys of color targeted and dehumanized by a system that operates as though some people are worth more than others.
Daily Meditation 
Daily Meditation 
A Father's Cry for Justice With the nation's outrage in full view, I believe that this case gives an outlet to a rising sense of power felt by parents and youth alike to call into question the behavior exhibited by those who are sworn to protect and serve all citizens.
Race and the Soul of the Country -- An Open Letter to People of Faith Today, I write a letter from the jailhouse of race. This jail has no visible walls, but there are walls nonetheless. If we do not rise up against them and tear them down, we will remain trapped and afraid.
Young People Rise Dying Black youth are the window onto the spiritual trauma that affects an entire nation. The lives of young Black men and women, far from expendable and cheap, are an incredible gift to us.
Controversial Nun Blasts US Bishops For 'Unconscionable' Investigation 
Wedding Of Jew, Muslim Draws Protesters Shouting 'Death To Arabs' 
No Two Prayer Spaces Are Quite The Same 
You Have Never Seen Sacred Sites Like This Before 
Evangelical Leaders Head To Israel To Show Their Support 
American Nuns Will Honor Elizabeth Johnson Over US Bishops Objections 
These Are What Goddesses Look Like 
Preaching Reflections on Michael Brown and Ferguson The frustration and disbelief, rage and disappointment, resignation and passion I heard moved me. But even more convicting was the fact that so many others were simply unaware of this event at the moment and unfazed by its repercussions.
Christian Women in Science Celebrate First Year -- And Are Reaching for More! 'I don't have to filter what I say!' Sharon Petzinger, a wildlife biologist who studies birds for the state of New Jersey, said this to me with a light of joy in her eyes. Hannah Ryan, a grad student at the University of Colorado, echoed the sentiment.
I Am Who I Am I can't count the number of hours that I've waited with (literally) bated breath, hoping and praying that someone will say \Of course you're Egyptian! I could totally tell.\ But I think what I've really always wanted to hear is, \You belong with us.\
Let's Let Robin Williams Rest Now Even if there were such a place as hell (which, again, there isn't), no God worth a shredded church bulletin would send a person there for feeling so hurt and unloved that he or she was driven to the ultimate expression of despair.
Two Cheers for Robert Ingersoll In my opinion, Ingersoll missed the true currents of religion, of the possibility of an open and liberal spirituality. But he certainly brought a lot to the table. May he be remembered for standing against the powers that be and the demons of cheap faith, and for championing the endless power of not knowing.
Migrant Children, Uninvited Guests, and Welcoming the Stranger The debate over the large-scale migration of children from Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador and Mexico has characteristically devolved into political theater. The evidence builds regarding the dangers that have driven the children's flight.
Hellish and Unholy This is a hellish poem because an accidental click in Twitter today, brought me to see VERY GRAPHIC photos that I cannot unsee...
Ebola Is A Curse From God, Some African Christian Leaders Say 
God Isn't Punishing Mark Driscoll I'm also saddened when I see anyone -- especially someone who calls themselves a Christian -- rejoicing in his humiliation or suffering. Yes, we can find hope and encouragement in Driscoll being held accountable, but to revel in his public shaming is not Christ-like.
Pope Francis' Iraq Peace Message Meets The Reality Of War 
Hell's Problems There seems little doubt that the self-styled radical Islamist group, Islamic State, is committing genocide in Iraq, certainly against the Yazidis, and has targeted Christians to \convert or die\ as well.
Evidence That God's Not Dead, Thanks to the Ebola Crisis Earlier this year, the Christian film \God's Not Dead,\ was released.  It was an indictment of academia, liberalism, and some business people, but as the Ebola crisis unfolded in West Africa and in nearby Atlanta, maybe those who attack Christianity aren't who we think they are.
Why Death Is The Liveliest Topic At The Edinburgh Festival Fringe 
Adam And Eve Like You've Never Seen Them Before 
U.S. Evangelicals Hope To Win Believers In Latin America 
Pastor Kicked Out Of Church Network He Helped To Start 
'Black Jesus' Rather than simply dismissing the show as being blasphemous, maybe we should continue to watch with an awareness of contemporary issues and a strong sense of irony. To do so, would ask us to consider what then does it mean to have a black Jesus living and moving in impoverished black spaces?
Archeologists Mystfied By Elephant Mosaics In Ancient Synagogue 
Cheek Turning But here's the question I cannot escape
Daily Meditation 
Assemblies Of God Highlights Diversity For 100th Anniversary 
\Better to Marry\ As a scholar of religion who is gay (and -- by the way -- currently celibate), I staunchly oppose this heretical Christian claim that the rare spiritual gift of and vocation to celibacy is automatically to be assigned to an entire group of people merely because of their affectional or sexual orientation.
Hold Pakistan Accountable for Its Blasphemous Oppression The world is aflame. Religious minorities are among those who suffer most from increasing conflict. Pakistan is one of the worst homes for non-Muslims. The U.S. government should designate that nation as a \Country of Particular Concern\ for failing to protect religious liberty, the most basic right of conscience.
2 Mohels Banned After Babies Contract Herpes From Circumcision Rite 
Deepak Chopra's \Future of God\ \Here he comes, here he comes...\ the collective thought hovered in the air as hundreds of spiritual seekers filled the Marble Collegiate Church in NYC.
The Irony of Religious Celibacy Poet John Donne famously recognized the similarity of sexual and religious ecstasy. Born Catholic, he became an Anglican priest and the Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral, as well as a poet both bawdy and religious.
'Noah' and the Boring Fundamentalism of Hollywood Bible Movies Sometimes evangelical Christians make movies. And usually they are horrible. The themes are poorly executed. Instead of life imitated in inspiring ways through the medium of film, a sermon is smugly preached.
German Youth Rub Salt Into Argentinian Pope's Wounds 
The Climate of Our Hearts In this world where so much seems beyond our will, what is within our grasp to hold on to?
Redemption in the Present Tense 
Pope Francis Reinstates Priest Suspended For Communist Beliefs 
Good News? Somehow the preaching of the \good news\ has become the blasting of negative messages.  The most common of those negative news is the preaching that urges us to go out and do better, to work harder, to do more.
Our Dysfunctional Families (Genesis 37 Joseph wears his privilege too proudly. Oblivious to the fact that his older brothers despise him, he shares with them two vivid dreams. In each, the world revolves around Joseph -- the world bows down to serve him.
Uganda's Top Anglican Leader Doubles Down On Anti-Gay Law 
Single Mother Clergy Affirm The Importance Of Family 
Neil deGrasse Tyson Speaking at Apostacon 2014 
Vatican 
Shabbat and Trungpa My hope is that, like Trungpa's idea of an empty heart, each time I am re-souled through Shabbat, there is more tenderness and less tangibility, a waking up of my soul, an opening of my heart, and a chance to practice making everything holy, at least one day a week.
This Is How The Pope Bros Out 
An Atheist's (Somewhat) Relaxed View of the Qur'an Objectively, there's no denying that today Islamic extremism poses more of a threat than other types of religious fanaticism. There are complex historical, social, and cultural reasons for this. But this is not a matter of the text of the Qur'an being inherently more susceptible to intolerant interpretations than the Bible.
North Carolina Diner Offers 15 Percent Discount For 'Praying In Public' 
Daily Meditation 
'Out of Many, One' In 1782 an act of Congress determined that the latin phrase \e pluribus unum\ would become the motto of a fledgling nation.
100 Faith Leaders Arrested At White House Protesting Deportations 
Don't Weaponize Your Words (Devarim, Deuteronomy 1:1-3:22) Too often, we draw a false distinction between words and deeds, underestimating the impact that words can have on our souls and communities. We presume harsh words to be fair game online, in the mysterious ether of \virtual\ interaction.
Breaking The war for same gender marriage has been won. I received the news today. I didn't read it in the newspaper, didn't see it on the news crawl at the bottom of the screen on CNN. I heard the announcement from a 17 year-old kid, out in the middle of the rural midwest.
SNAP Is 25 Years Old And More Vocal Against Priest Abuse Than Ever 
A Letter to the Church of Abbotsford and Beyond In this broken city teeming with hurt and frustration a looming tragedy approaches. This tragedy is not new; we have seen it before and will most assuredly will again.
Why Muslims 'Still Have Faith' In Gaza 
Heart-Breaking Truths About Gaza and Israel 
It Is the Responsibility of Religion to Inspire Global Solidarity We must cultivate our souls and do the necessary spiritual work to sustain our holy efforts to transform the world. The task is so great. We are not only charged to create a more just world for ourselves but even for our enemies.
Eid In Gaza And The West Bank 
Religious Persecution Makes Migrants Out Of Millions 
Reb Zalman's Unique Funeral His leaving was as unconventional as his teaching and his life. Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi wanted no casket, no plain pine box. For his funeral, held on the Fourth of July, he wanted to be clothed in his white kittel.
Religion On Wikipedia Is A Recipe For Controversy 
This Is How People In Gaza Are Breaking Their Ramadan Fasts 
WWI Liturgy Will Atone For Outbreak Of \u2018The Great War' 
A Final Ramadan Reflection In these remaining few hours or Ramadan, do your best to spend a little bit of time with yourself and look inside your heart to see what are you carrying with you as you leave this month. Each of you has so much to share with this world.
Timelines And Maps To Help You Understand The Sunni-Shiite Divide 
Ramadan For the first time in my life, I got an opportunity to spend Ramadan outside my home country, the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. The mantra of an \Islamic\ state of Pakistan is continuously blared on every other media one comes across. But, is real Islam being practiced?
Meriam Ibrahim Announces Plans To Settle In New Hampshire 
Would Jesus Accept Climate Science? Climate change is one of the biggest and most divisive environmental issues we've faced. Not only is the science scary and the challenge daunting, but it calls into question the very way we live our lives. With all this rhetoric going back and forth, what's a Christian in the U.S. supposed to believe?
Jewish Group Delivers Mourning Kaddish For Gaza Victims 
Remembering The 'Philadelphia 11' 
3 Ways LGBT Christians Are Blessing the Church A first step in helping to heal the antagonistic separation between non-affirming and affirming Christians and congregations, is for all to open their eyes to the ways that LGBT Christians are already blessing -- and possibly even renewing -- the Church as a whole.
Can There Ever Be an Apolitical Conversation About Hinduism? Based on my conversations with folks at IAMCR and even back in the United States, progress is being made to help \de-politicize\ Hinduism. It will eventually mean Hindus - no matter how they self-define or self-identify - can start to more boldly be part of the public sphere without politicized or attacked for doing so.
Birthright Didn't Kill American IDF Soldier Max Steinberg Max Steinberg, a Los Angeles native who upped and moved to Israel alone to volunteer with the Israeli Defense Forces died in combat on Sunday. But according to an editor at Slate, it wasn't Hamas who killed this 24-year-old.
U.S. Monks Turn To Centuries-Old Tradition To Supplement Health Care Costs 
Group Conducts Mass Resignation From LDS Church 
This Bible Is Designed To Be An Enjoyable Read 
Ramadan Reflection Day #25 We've also seen heroes that our world is need of.  Doctors and medics from around the world, relief agencies and their workers, and many others who know their life is at risk being on the ground in Gaza but they still do what they can to help.
Losing Our Religion The advance of ISIS in Syria and Iraq has all but wiped out some of the most ancient Christian communities. Some of the most important early Christian manuscripts which resided in monasteries there have been burned.
Fundamentalist Conspiracy Theory Do you want conspiracy theorists to create the nation's scientific research agenda? Does it make sense to take their bizarre views seriously?
Buddhist Musings in Ramadan Ramadan is the month of fasting and a time for spiritual growth among Muslims. The traditionalist approach to \spiritual growth\ is for Muslims to complement their fasting with performing additional prayers at night and regular reading of the Quran throughout the month.
Tom Petty Is Wrong. Religion Isn't More Likely to Lead to War Tom Petty's a great rock artist, one of the best in history. But for those Christian fans of his, he's become quite the heartbreaker. Is his argument that religion leads to war on target, or does he miss the mark?
Nose Deep in Their Own... Prejudice What might have been an excellent piece of reporting on an important public-health concern in India has turned out instead to be one of the most absurd, far-fetched, and ugly pieces of Hinduphobic racism in journalism ever.
Annual Los Angeles Immigrant's Mass Highlights Unaccompanied Children 
A Different Perspective for the Three Weeks Hatred and revenge is the easy road to reaction and even action, but they are never to be confused as the catalyst for change.
Can We See All Earth as the Sacred Temple of Today? How can we draw on the ancient wisdom of Biblical Israel as an indigenous people in sacred relationship with the Earth? How can we use this storehouse of wisdom toward helping heal all Humanity and Mother Earth today, from a crucial planetary crisis threatening the very life and health of all of us?
The Edge of Grief As a bereavement counselor, it is my job to help create a safe space to give voice to the unspeakable, and to companion others in their grief journey as they travel into the wilderness of their soul in search of their own inner knowing and truth.
Religious Freedom On My Mind It is time to blow the whistle on religious demagogues who say they are victims if they are not allowed to take away the rights of others.
A Call for Compassion for Children Arriving From Central America We all know that where a child is born shouldn't determine how long she lives, but it does.  However, we must remember that under God, there is a universal citizenship -- a status that makes us all equal under His eyes and worthy of love, dignity and respect.
Egyptian Priest's Burial Painting Discovered 16 Years After Excavation Of Tomb 
New Comic Book Has Exorcists Converging To Stop Hell From Breaking Loose 
Rabbi Preaches From Church Pulpits To Raise Awareness Of Climate Change 
ISIS Is Worse Than Genghis Khan, Says Top Iraqi Christian Leader 
Ramadan Reflection Day 22 The Prophet Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, was constantly doing good for people, whether they were his supporters or not. It's one thing to be good to people who are treating you well. It's another to be good to someone who isn't.
Ramadan Reflection Day #20 I serve as a University Chaplain for New York University and Executive Director of the Islamic Center at NYU.  Earlier today, I delivered a short sermon that I was recommended to share with you by some of my community members as today's reflection.
Granny's Powerful Testimony Through Song 
Convert, Pay Tax, Or Die, Islamic State Warns Christians 
Response to Bill O'Reilly Bill O'Reilly disputed the two main points of my recent blog on The O'Reilly Factor broadcast
Female Bishops in the UK I met my wife, Joy Carroll, at Greenbelt, a summer festival of faith, arts, and justice in England. I have a vivid memory of returning to Greenbelt in 2002 with our son Luke.  Joy was on the worship platform celebrating the Eucharist for 20,000 people. Luke looked up at me and said, \Daddy, can men do that too?\
South Korea's Rapping Buddhist Nuns Let The Heart Sutra Flow 
Interfaith Soccer Match Brings Top Players Together For Peace 
Not Interfaith Marriage, Two-Faith Marriage Many American Jewish leaders fear that interfaith relationships will be the downfall of the Jewish community. But from the perspective of a Jewish guy that fell in love with a Christian girl, my marriage is not the problem. The Jewish community is.
Fence-Sitters and Boundary-Pushers I'm no lover of fences, of the limitations, boundaries and delineations they represent. Yes, sometimes they're necessary. In some ways, such boundaries actually afford us the confidence and safety to stretch ourselves, to go farther than we would have without any sense of place, of where the unknown begins.
Vatican Appoints 'New Generation' Cardinal Head Of Key Archdiocese 
Happiness Is a Warm... Religion? 
This Pastor Self-Immolated To Protest Social Injustice 
Sherlock Holmes Versus God Almighty Greater comfort, I think, is to be found in the realization that infinity is as problematic for science as it is for religion. Much as an infinitely perfect God leads to logical clashes with reality, an infinite multiverse bedevils attempts to apply tools such as probabilities to our understanding of the world.
Jesuit Brother Wins Prestigious Astronomy Award 
Religion's Connection to the End Times The fatalistic belief in the end of humanity, most often because of our sins or lack of virtue, is as frightening as it is harmful. If we believe that no matter what we do, the majority of us will perish in some reign of heavenly or demonic fire, what is our motivation to plan for our collective future?
Creationism at Its Most Extreme Members of a young Earth, fundamentalist Christian sect from the United States have found their way to Scotland and have been promoting their beliefs in a public elementary school. Part of their missionary work has been to distribute \science\ books to the students.
The Vulnerability that Makes Peace Possible I was privileged enough to chat with Stanley Hauerwas on how our theology impacts our perception of the Other, our political allegiances, and our desired response to our enemies.
Baha'is to Implement New Calendar Worldwide If you have Baha'i friends, you can ask them what day of what Badi month of what Vahid it is, and if they look a little confused please be forgiving as it may take some time to get adjusted to a new way of measuring one of our most precious common resources -- time.
Apostle Paul and the Bible Inerrancy, literalism, or unexamined belief in the Bible, why does Fundamentalism still have a strong hold on so many Christians today?
A Glimmer of Hope in a Seemingly Hopeless World In a world where it has become exceedingly common and even trendy to be apathetic towards a different people's struggle, you are, by default, already doing something by feeling what you're feeling.
Guru Purnima's Instrinsic Message of EcoDharmic Harmony As I prepared to observe Guru Purnima something clicked. Wow! Guru Purnima is observed by the entire Dharmic community -- Buddhists, Hindus, Jains and Sikhs and it also has a strong message of environmental harmony.
Another White House Iftar, Another Ramadan Without My Brother The White House iftar is a slap in the face to those in the Muslim community who have been victims of U.S. civil-rights and human-rights abuses. It is an attempt by administration after administration to whitewash the crimes of the U.S. government against Muslims.
Pope Francis 
I, Firat Kaya Identity formation always includes a process of othering, of demarcating oneself from those who are different. But what if one's identity has two sides?
Ramadan Reflection Day 13 Growing up, my understanding of God was always tainted by a negative framing.  Through Sunday schools and Friday sermons, I learned that God was watching me, but only later on in life I understood that God was watching over me-- two very different things.
Sunni And Shiite Imams Denounce ISIS Together In New Video 
'I'm So Hungry' Iggy Azalea Parody Is The Ramadan Anthem You Need 
While Americans Debate Impact of Hobby Lobby Ruling, Religious Persecution Mounts Worldwide While we here in America continue the Hobby Lobby debate, there are religious freedom matters with serious life and death consequences elsewhere in the world right now, today, which also deserve your attention.
Bangladesh Just Banned Marriages For This Muslim Minority Group 
History of Hindu India a Valuable Resource for Teachers and Parents History can also be highly politicized, as we continue to see in states such as Texas, where small but vocal groups envisage instructional materials and curriculum shaped solely by their own worldviews.
Thank God for Atheists! I believe people of faith need to imagine a world without God. We then might take greater responsibility for our own lives and the circumstances of others, as well as life on this planet.
Daily Meditation 
Sin City Pinchas saved the day when he put an end to the forbidden relationship between the Jewish tribal leader, Zimri and the Midianite woman, Cozbi. But who was Cozbi, and what was her mission?
The People of Israel Live 
Jainism and Islam As a Muslim of Indian background, I have wondered how to counter misinformation about my religion while striving to build greater interfaith connections among traditions common in South Asia.
Jesus Wept... For Brazil 
Theological Reflections on \Gangnam Style\ Western music comes with Western privilege and, like white privilege, this type of agency does not need to crossover to the margins because Western pop stars are already idolized the world over.
LOOK 
A Trinitarian Vision, Revised On Trinity Sunday in June 2007, I went to a little church that met in a photographer's studio above a coffee shop in a historic business district near Duke University in Durham, N.C.
The Life After Death Of My Mother Marylu de Watteville Raushenbush When I was holding her in those last moments as her breaths slowed, her eyes, which had half shut and glazed, suddenly opened, focused on me and then beyond me.
Interfaith Prayer Strengthens Unity In Faith-Based Organizations 
Slum Priest in Bangkok 
The Hobby Lobby Case Has Nothing to Do With Religious Freedom Religion (in any form) should exist to assist in the progress of giving us new language, new ways of being and new ways of treating one another. If a religion fails at this, it should be seen as a disease, and like any disease should be eradicated immediately.
Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, Father of Jewish Renewal, Dies at 89 For the most part, Schachter-Shalomi's success was based in his liberal acceptance of people exploring alternate paths of spiritual awakening (from LSD to Yoga), and his legitimizing of alternate possibilities within Judaism.
POLL 
A Taste of His Own Medicine Bilam tries to curse the Jews, but G-d has other plans.
Happy Birthday, Dalai Lama! 
Lights, Camera, Mortician! The Rise of 'Fun Funerals' 
Dialogue I believe that through deep and honest dialogue and communication between cultures, races, genders, religions and ideas, mutual understanding and the discovery of our common humanity and aspirations can and will be found.
Ramadan Reflection Day 7 Whatever walk of life you come from, please do keep them in your thoughts and prayers.  For those who are fasting, encourage your community leaders, imams, khateebs and others to pray for the Rohingya with the community at large, especially in the blessed nights of Ramadan, and try to contribute to them whatever you are able to.
Pope 
Pope Orders Investigation Into Priest Accused Of Sex Abuse 
Evolving to Survive Ourselves As a Taoist monk, I find the notion of the Earth as a superorganism to make perfect sense; I also find the notion of evolution as a propulsive, all-encompassing, and all-pervasive force to be completely congruent with the ancient Chinese concept of Tao.
The Oldest Woman To Ever Finish An Ironman Triathlon Is A Nun 
Was Dietrich Bonhoeffer Gay? 
Ramadan Reflection Day #6 Even though I don't probably do what most people do for a living, I was making the same mistakes that many people make in regards to how they prioritize their careers over themselves.
Daily Meditation 
These Religions Were Born In The U.S.A. 
POLL 
Ramadan Reflection Day 5 Keep Muhammed Abu Khdeir, his loved ones, and the people of Palestine in your prayers. For those who are observing the month of Ramadan, remember all of them as you break your fast and stand in qiyaam during these blessed nights.
The Perils of Trusting the Trustworthy The Bible often warns against trusting the wrong sources (e.g., false prophets). But in the story of Balaam, the Bible warns against placing too much trust in the right sources -- in this case Moses. The Bible's warning is particularly pertinent to us today, since we are particularly prone to the error of excessively trusting our sources.
Back2Quran Ramadan Series Chapter 1 (Fatiha) is possibly the most-read chapter of the Quran. It is an integral part of Muslim prayers and is repeated tens of times in a day. Yet we must ask ourselves
The Pope's High-Five 
Force or Choice? American Muslim Marriages (PHOTOS) American Muslims from across the country share their stories of love and marriage as a matter of choice -- as it should be. They are reflective of the more mainstream American-Muslim experience while also representing a model to be emulated by others.
Moving Beyond Tribal Religion Several years ago it dawned on me that most all of my spiritual heroes are unabashedly ecumenical. If you read their writings, you'll find themes of radical inclusivity, radical compassion, and radical identification.
Reclaiming the Sacred While we may never be able to stop violence in the name of religion, we can prevent it at home and in our lives by remembering and instilling in each other basic ethical principles that are held by all religious traditions.
He Must Lead Them Perhaps it is our job, we insider sheep, to take our eyes off the controversy and place them on the shepherd, who may be not so much seeking our opinion on the matter as executing his own.
What Is A Caliphate? 
Discerning and Hearing Divine Guidance Isn't Always Easy Sometimes guidance can feel terrifying, I won't lie. Being guided to do the right thing is hard, we worry how it will be received. But, that starts to go away.
Catholics Reject Church Teachings on Sex One hopes for fresh approaches after the bishops have \consulted the faithful\ in matters of doctrine and practice. No one will envy them in their efforts to revisit -- or revise? -- the Church's teachings.
The Pro-Life Issue Most Pastors Won't Preach About 
Two Unstoppable Sisters Fought For 'Greater Light' In Nantucket 
Ramadan Amid the New Middle East Crisis Peacemaking is among the good deeds incumbent on Muslims during the holy month of fasting and prayer. Distribution of charity and food, customary at Ramadan, is needed especially by people displaced by conflict. How, then, will Ramadan be celebrated in the countries worst affected by the latest Middle East crisis?
Presbyterians Make A Move Against Controversial Zionism Booklet 
Will These Men Fast While Competing In The World Cup? 
If Hobby Lobby Wins, Pro-life Christians Lose the supporters of Hobby Lobby think they are being \pro-life.\  They are wrong.  Contraception coverage without a co-pay could dramatically reduce the abortion rate.
Meriam Ibrahim -- Strict Religious Law Has No Place in a Truly Free Society We need to stand with those in Sudan, and across the world, who will not accept this restricting of personal freedoms. We must champion freedom of belief and press for countries to allow people to choose a religion, or choose none.
Rabbis Have Feelings Too There has been so much pain for rabbis in the past few months, and I have to wonder if this pressure, fatigue, and pain is getting to everyone. Perhaps we need to learn better self-care.
'Who Are We To Judge?' 
This Guy's Fate Is Completely In Jesus' Hands 
Jesus Loves All The World Cup Teams 
Christian Festivals Put Spotlights On Visual Art, Sustainability 
India's Holy Men To Advise On Ganges Cleanup 
Creationism Banned From UK Schools 
Taking and Giving Beyond the heart-wrenching reality of the aftermath of terror, beyond the mobilization of forces to find these boys and bring the kidnappers to justice, how can we respond to these despicable acts?
Female Genital Mutilation Is Un-Islamic, Declares Muslim Council Of Britain 
France's New Chief Rabbi 
LOOK 
Trans Priest Shares Message Of Acceptance At Washington National Cathedral 
First Pope Video Ever Made Shows Pope Francis Wasn't The First Tech-Savvy Pontiff 
Talking With Strangers About God This young man arrived at the beach that Sunday with beat up sneakers and circles under his eyes. Call it proselytizing, but he wasn't getting anything out of this other than the pleasure of talking about God.
This Baseball Great May Become A Saint 
Ramadan Mubarak! 
LOOK 
The No-Win Hypocrisy of Christian Abstinence (and Infinities) So Green told a story, and it garnered various responses from the Christian world. It made us think, and maybe that's what stories should do. Maybe it's better than pretending to have all the answers about sexuality and eternity.
Presbyterian Church Makes Controversial Move Against Israel 
Pope Visits One Of Italy's Most Dangerous Areas 
Pope Excommunicates Mafiosi 
The Catholic Cup On one level the World Cup in Brazil resembles lived religion with fans as ecstatic worshipers at the cathedrals that are the massive soccer stadiums. But on another level, the current games to crown the quadrennial world champion couldn't be more Catholic.
Oldest Known Depiction Of Circumcision Is Now On Twitter 
How the LGBT Experience Will Transform the Practice of Mindfulness Does being lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender have anything to do with practicing mindfulness? Sure. Over the years, many LGBT voices have made themselves heard within Buddhist communities, and have enriched the sangha as a result.
Man Gives Religion a Bad Name 
Presbyterian General Assembly Biennial Meeting The sustainability of Israel as a homeland for the Jewish people has always been dependent on its ability to deliver justice to the Palestinians. We learned in South Africa that the only way to end apartheid peacefully was to force the powerful to the table through economic pressure.
Anti-Apartheid Archbishop Calls Presbyterians to Back Divestment from Israeli Occupation Archbishop Desmond Tutu, the leader who more than any other human being alive is associated with the successful use of divestment to help overturn apartheid in South Africa, is calling on Presbyterians to choose divestment from the Israeli occupation.
A Call to Sanctuary We know that there are many like Daniel in Tucson, and in every community in our nation. We know that we need to be prepared.\u00a0 Our congregation has begun to pray and talk about what God is calling us to do, and what it means to be a sanctuary church in 2014
Turkey's \u2018Rockin' Imam' Gets Green Light From Religious Authorities 
Meet The Colachos, Men Who Jump Over Babies During Feast Of Corpus Christi 
Half Of Americans Are Seriously Prejudiced Against Atheists 
Soccer (football), Corruption, Stupidity, Joy and Hope I hope that, as all sports should, it can be a means to the end. I hope, as the Pope said, that it can be a means to the end of genuine solidarity, a solidarity that recognizes that a soccer pitch shouldn't be the only level playing field.
Dying Man's Wish To Return To The Forest Comes True 
14th Buddhist Shamarpa Dies At 61 
Gay Muslims Come Out In Toronto Photo Exhibit 
Berlin Plans 'House Of One,' A Place Where Jews, Muslims, And Christians Will Pray Under The Same Roof 
Pope Francis 
What About Hell? Fiction and Fact Christians who still want to preach Hell, should at least know what they're talking about.
Shaping the Church The church can be relevant, meaningful and important and we must be able to share this with the world. As I ponder such issues, I realize that I am a product of a \cloud of witnesses\ who have gone before me to light the way for me to be in the church and be a leader within the theological academy.
The King and His Jester Religion doesn't simply offer a set of positions to conform to; it also offers the acceptable ways in which one can transgress these positions. It tells us both how to conform and how to not conform in a conformist way.
Homeless Proofing or Christ Proofing? They will still be there, even if you no longer have to lay your eyes on them.
Daily Meditation 
Wait, Jesus Supports Italy In The World Cup? 
You Don't Need God To Have A Life Purpose 
SURVEY 
Rick Warren To Pastors 
A National Guard Member Recreated The Salt Lake Temple With Over 35,000 Legos 
We've Seen Megachurch. But How About Micro-Church? What happens around tables designed to encourage the people of God to see one another, face to face? I would argue that justice, too, begins on a micro-scale at our church.
\God Don't Make No Mistakes\ The upcoming proposal to ban recognition of transgender (including intersex) identities by the Southern Baptist Convention, though put forth by a college professor of ethics, is neither well-educated in its understanding of the complex biology of gender nor ethical.
Walking Down a Tree-Lined Lane With Pope Francis When the Bible spoke of our dominion over the animals, surely it isn't speaking of cruelty towards animals, but responsibility and stewardship. And implicit in stewardship is love and caring.
My Friend Michael And The Power Of Acknowledgement Something extraordinary happened in that room. In the midst of the roomful of people acknowledging each other for their best qualities, one could palpably feel the energy in the room spiraling up and rising. Until a moment came when the energy had lifted to a place of unification.
Is Sermon Plagiarism On The Rise? 
Pope Francis Is A Total Workaholic 
Daily Meditation 
Washington National Cathedral Welcomes First Trans Priest To Preach 
After the Shooting At SPU I confess to a certain deep consolation--maybe it is hope after all--lying somewhere inside me next to that ball of grief, as I recollect the faces and faith of my students.
Mindful Education Having run Buddhist centers for the last decade, I am aware that many people come to the meditation practice in their forties or later.
Open Letter to Presbyterian Church U.S.A. from the Palestinian Christian Alliance for Peace Boycotting and divesting from companies that profit from the Israeli occupation are not actions aimed against Jews in Israel. Rather, they are means of sending a clear message to the Israeli government that its treatment of the Palestinians is abhorrent.
'We' Are What We Believe Since the US is religiously the most diverse nation in the world, it is crucial that we educate ourselves about different religions. It is like being multilingual
The Karma of GMO Food What does Buddhism have to say about genetically modified food? Needless to say, the Buddha didn't know anything about DNA, much less the possibilities of modifying it technologically.
Entering the World of John's Gospel Salvation does not merely mean going to heaven after our physical death. Salvation in Jesus means recovering wholeness right now in new resurrected life. It means through the spirit becoming everything that Jesus is in relationships dedicated to humility, reconciliation and love.
\Lord, I Do Believe! Help My Unbelief!\ Liberals, atheists, progressives, Jungians (the list is endless) have their fundamentalists and literalists too. It's not just Bible thumpers and Islamic fanatics. The problem? The triumph of scientific language as the privileged language.
Moderation and Modernity \We need passionately moderate Muslims\, argues former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. Moderates, yes, but not tepid or vacillating moderates; instead, moderates with vim, ready to engage and to bring about change.
Supreme Court Declines To Hear Case Against Tennessee Mosque 
The UMC Is Not Heading for a Split -- unless 0.00064 Percent Count as the Majority 
What is the Purpose of My Life? And, what does \abundant life\ really mean? And, what does it mean to be \awake\ or to come down from a mountain, face radiant with presence?
Bowe Bergdahl's Pastor Explains His Faith Background 
Sainthood For Archbishop Oscar Romero? Vatican Says, Not Yet 
For Millennial Evangelicals Let me start by saying \Love Song for a Savior\ on Jars of Clay's Flood album helped me survive the darkest moments of 8th grade.
Vatican Communications Chief Says Church Can't Ignore Social Media 
Saint Francis and the Lama Beans I first met Ram Dass at the Lama Foundation in the mountains of Northern New Mexico when I was fourteen, and our paths have intertwined ever since.
Human Rights for Hindus Remains Elusive in Some Parts of the World The quest for religious freedom and equal rights is ongoing, but for years, Hindus have largely been left out of the conversation as victims of religious discrimination and violence.
Tourists Say 9/11 Museum's Al Qaeda Film Unfairly Portrays Islam 
Daily Meditation 
The Ghost Of Pierre Teilhard De Chardin 
Africa's Islamic Extremist Problem Doesn't End With Boko Haram 
What Is America's First Muslim Fraternity Really Like? 
A Spiritual Option For College Grads 
Brazil's Churches Fight Against Child Sex Tourism Ahead Of World Cup 
Woman To Be Ordained Despite Excommunication Threat 
Numbers and Religious Liberty The instructions given me were clear -- that my words should recognize the diversity present in the chamber. And that is what is disappointing about this ruling
U.S. Bishops Demand Action To Prevent Climate Change 
Protecting Public Lands And Restoring Equal Ground Though at times it seems that our nation's leaders have been more interested in leasing out our public lands to oil and gas companies, I believe this new National Monument represents a sea change within the administration. The time has come.
Daily Meditation 
Friendships Matter We need to ensure that the friends we choose are those who are uplifting, encouraging, believing and helpful to our purpose. Here are just a few wisdom tips for choosing right, godly and wholesome friends.
Daily Meditation 
Honoring Spiritual Healing Seva This year as we pay tribute to the many men and women who serve through teaching, we are inspired by those who are also healing through yoga and other therapies.
Jimmy Carter's Most Important Legacy Is Not His Presidency 
Long Weekends for Life If God had just chilled for a little longer back then, all of our weekends could be a little longer now. But no; go-getter God was up and at 'em on Day Eight. No case of the Monday Mornings for the Almighty.
Happy 
Of Islam, Boko Haram and Sexual Slavery The assertion that Islam did not necessitate marriage and permitted the rape of female \slaves\ and captives is utterly baseless. Quite to the contrary, Islam broke the prevailing taboo regarding marriage with \slaves.\
United Church of Christ Brings the Fight for Equality to North Carolina The latest party to file a lawsuit against the state of North Carolina is the Cleveland-based United Church of Christ, marking the first time an entire religious denomination has joined a legal battle to repeal a statewide gay marriage ban.
Dear Christians With Guns Another shooting, this time in Santa Barbara, with legally purchased guns. You probably think it's partially my fault. Why? Because I am a Godless American.
Remembrance Is the Beginning of the Task May the memory of those who died in service to our country be a blessing and may we be inspired by those who serve to bring justice, wholeness, and peace to a broken world and all of its inhabitants.
Whose Ten Commandments? Shavuot reminds Jews of our religious roots and obligations. America, though, is anchored in a dedication to liberty for all citizens no matter what they believe. This is what unites us in a civic heritage no religious tradition ever can or should try to duplicate.
On the Journey Towards Sincerity While working on our own sincerity, we have to realize that the reality is, we will rarely meet sincere people. We will rarely meet people who will genuinely step out of themselves to attempt to see things from our perspective and act accordingly.
The New 9/11 Museum and The Nature of Evil 
Come Into the Madang We all need to call out to the God of life and ask God to lead us to justice and peace. We need to join together and work for social justice as the earth is crying out and pleading with us.
Why Do So Few Americans Actually Observe Memorial Day? 
Pope Francis Prays At Jerusalem's Western Wall 
The Pope And Peace In The Middle East Pope Francis has shown us a faithful, peaceful approach to the Palestinian/Israeli conflict. All of us can follow his example.  We are all Pope Francis now.  It is up to all of us.
Arson Attack Reported At Jerusalem Church Near Where Pope Celebrated Mass 
QUIZ 
'Sicarii Essenes,' 'Those of the Circumcision,' and Qumran In a much overlooked description of 'the Essenes', attributed to the Third-Century Early Church theologian Hippolytus in Rome, there exists a completely original version of Josephus' famous description of them.
Pope Francis Slams Arms Dealers In Middle East 
Daily Meditation 
The Biblical Job and Robert E. Lee If ever we met a tragic hero, it would be Job. I like Job too. I admire him. But this week I noticed something about Job that complicates my relationship with him. Job holds something in common with Robert E. Lee
Pregnant Woman Sentenced To Death For Her Faith Says She Won't Renounce Christianity 
How Pope Francis' Pilgrimage To The Holy Land Could Be A Turning Point In Christian-Muslim Relations 
Daily Meditation 
Pope Eyes Mending Religious Conflicts On Visit To Holy Land 
Catholic Priest Fires Back At Game Show Host For Saying Climate Activists Are Racist 
Multitudes Seek Salvation With Ritual Anonymous Sex 
Leaning Inward 
Marriage Equality Comes To Oregon; Be Joyful I see marriage equality as a victory for religious freedom and a decision entirely consistent with Christian ethics.
Stand by Me Jesus loses his life, and he is not the only one to suffer loss. Those he leaves behind lose him, and without him, they lose whatever security they might have felt in the world. After his death, they take refuge by hiding.
Pastor Photobombs A Wedding In The Most Ridiculous Way 
Daily Meditation 
Meet The Nun Working To End Violence, Sexual Exploitation In Uganda 
LOOK 
Study Finds Americans Exaggerate How Much They Go To Church 
Diffused Congruence Podcast 
7 Practical Ways I Overcome Anxiety 
New Jersey Priest Dies In Mountain-Climbing Accident 
Austria Faces Sharp Criticism Over Holocaust Apologist Essay Included In High School Test 
The Haunting Poetry Of Tuvia Ruebner 
First Steps on a Pilgrimage If the Church was able to clarify its understanding of Scripture based on Galileo's new information about the heavens, then we can surely clarify our reading of the Bible based on new information about same-sex relationships.
Now Ministers Can Preach In Style 
Are You Happy? 
Between Childless and Child-free Being a woman is more than a mother. It's being the person God calls us to be bringing love into the world. I have moments of mothering, and I thank Mother God that I can fill that space from time to time.
Sister Cristina Wasn't The First 'Singing Nun' 
Jewish Float To Sail In Amsterdam's Gay Pride Canal Parade 
Jerusalem Churches Take On Hate Graffiti 
Orthodoxy, Putin and the West The image of Orthodoxy according to Putin is vastly different, and has been further complicated by some of America's political religious right's agreement with Putin.
Christian Group Accuses HGTV Of Intolerance For Canceling Show With Anti-Gay Brothers 
How George Fox University Created a Double Standard of Exclusion for Transgender Student GFU should not get to respect a student on paper, in press releases, and in letters by using their preferred pronoun but then in practice and policy choose not to. If you choose to see Jayce as he is in one context, you must see him as he wholly in all situations.
Rev. Franklin Graham, Your God Is Too Small Rev. Graham, I had to take issue with you when you said you agreed with Vladimir Putin that we need to protect the children and not allow gays to adopt.  You believe only a man and a woman in a \traditional\ marriage can properly raise a child up in to the way they should go.
Experimenting Toward Sabbatical/Shmitah in America 
Don't Forget This When You Feel Overwhelmed This past week I was in Florida completing some work for the college. I was trying to resolve quite a few issues, checking on college finances as we quickly approach the end of the fiscal year and finalizing plans for graduation. My head was swirling with things I needed to complete.
Why Does God Hate Sex? Sex is a simple pleasure that grows all out of proportion when it's denied. If Mother Nature were allowed to have her way, this would be a far better place. And who's behind all the brouhaha? God? Actually, it's religion.
Cardinal 
A Church of the Commons Faith communities are also religious organizations, and those organizations emerged over a period of many decades, and developed (not accidentally) in parallel with the rise of America's industrial economy.
Spirituality I like the way Rabbi Kaplan defines it. He says spirituality is \the progressive unlearning of the strange ideas about God you've been taught...\
What Gene Robinson's Divorce Teaches Us About Marriage There is always sadness in the news that a marriage has ended in divorce. Whatever the circumstances, a divorce marks the death of the dream of happily-ever-after and the end of a relationship that was entered into with hope, joy and the intention that it be until-death-do-us-part.
These 'Buddhist Monks' Are Breakdancing For A Very Good Reason 
Religious Groups Condemn Supreme Court Ruling On Government Prayer 
Gay Bishop Announces Divorce 
What Comics Can Offer To Bible Readers 
Paolo Sorrentino To Direct TV Miniseries About An American Pope 
Is The Internet Bad For Religion? 
Rockstar Renews Faith After Battling Addiction 
Avoiding Sexism, Perhaps Excessive in Religion 
Cardinal O'Malley On Sex Abuse 
Proud to Be Roman Catholic Again Last weekend leaders of the Jesuit School of Theology and the Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology along with other prominent Roman Catholic thinkers gave papers at the Pacific Coast Theological Society.
Killing Them Softly We should ask if there are ways by which we ought to replace the avenging means of justice with those that are redemptive and restorative.
North Carolina Vs. Freedom of Religion If we are going to fight for the rights to exercise our faith as our conscience dictates, as is our Constitutional right in the United States, then we must get behind this lawsuit in North Carolina as this is, plain and simple, a freedom of religion question.
Daily Meditation 
Are You Stuck in Winter? Here Are Three Ways to Break Free 
Hirsi Ali There is a difference between critiquing Islam and spreading irrational fear of Muslims. There is a difference between intellectually commenting on a religion and inciting hatred of its adherents.
LOOK 
Interview With Emergent Church Leader Brian McLaren If you're seeking a fresh way to experience and practice your faith, if you're a long-term Christian seeking new vitality, or if you feel out of place in traditional church circles, Brian's new book will be sure to inspire and activate you in your spiritual journey.
As a Future Seminarian Headed to Georgia, I'm Scared About the 'Guns Everywhere' Law As someone about to become a seminarian in the state, I can't quite wrap my head around the idea that while receiving Communion on Sunday, one of my fellow congregants might be packing heat.
Daily Meditation 
Re-Imagining Holocaust Remembrance Day We can be dismissive of these events as isolated cases but, to do that would undermine a key factor
Go and Learn What This Means I am a Christian. I love Christians. I have great hope for the Christian church. But throughout my journey one thing has repeatedly frustrated me.
Why Some Evangelicals Are Praying President Obama Will Reject the Keystone XL Pipeline Maybe I'm a near-sighted Bible-thumping holy roller, but I can't see angel wings flapping on oil executives. No doubt some are community pillars. They're Little League umpires, tithers and PTA volunteers. They've got lovely houses and manicured lawns.
WATCH 
'Happy' Dancing Priests And Nuns Celebrate Double Canonization 
LOOK 
Emeritus Pope Benedict To Attend Weekend's Canonizations 
What The Double Canonization Signifies For Church Politics 
An Inside Track To Sainthood? 
Pondering Religion's Absence as Son Turns 13 There was no bar mitzvah, no ceremony where a rabbi and temple congregants congratulated him, no family and friends invited from far and wide. I am sad about this and, yet, here we are, a couple days away from the sleepover and paintball party that will mark my son's coming of age.
Pope John Paul II Souvenirs Are Big Business In Poland 
How a Faith-Driven Stay-at-Home Mom Exposed an International Price-Fixing Conspiracy Late at night, Mark Whitacre watched an FBI agent leave his home and walk toward the car, gone at last and completely oblivious to the corporate crime at work in a Fortune 500 company. It was over.
LOOK 
Our Future Depends on Spirituality and Science Working Together Unless the two views join forces, we won't be using our full human capability to solve problems. Such a comprehensive human effort is precisely what global solutions require.
Daily Meditation 
What Being a Christian Means to Me I was a troublemaker in Sunday school. No, not because I was passing notes (though they were passed, discreetly). I was a troublemaker because I did the worst thing a young Southern Baptist born and raised girl can do
Breathtaking Natural Wonders Remind Us Why We Must Care For Creation 
Patriot's Day in a Pluralistic Nation Not many people can run like Meb, but our youth can all learn to reach for one another as fellow citizens and friends, and resist the evil that we hope has now been purged from the city of Boston on a sunny Patriot's Day.
Majority Of U.S. Voters Think 'Generic' Government Prayer Is OK 
British Priesthood Uptick 
Daily Meditation 
America by the Numbers Appalled both by the concentrations of wealth enjoyed by the French aristocracy and by their callous exploitation of the poor, Thomas Jefferson proposed an antidote for the fledgling United States
The Tomb of Jesus and the Body of Christ 
A Plea To Free Archbishop Mar Gregorios Yohanna Ibrahim and Archbishop Boulos Yazigi Who Were Kidnapped One Year Ago Today The immediate release of the Metropolitans would send a powerful, positive, and encouraging Easter message to all those men, women and children who have suffered from the war, kidnappings and the deteriorating human security in Syria.
Freedom of Religion Today, we are able to exercise our religious beliefs because of the courageous women and men who came before us.  Let's learn about some of the women who strove for religious freedom.
Help Is on the Way I expected him to do well and show me some of his work. The money could be renewed for the second semester and the next year of college. Though I imagined that Mel would want to maintain periodic contact -- at least it was what I hoped -- I was wrong.
Paschal Mystery 2014 
From Rejection to Redemption Still, what kind of life do we live when we are filled with bitter resentment and refuse to move forward and embrace new opportunities?
10 Things Jesus Wasn't The truth is, you're loved, you're seen, you're not worthless. You're valuable. You're precious. Easter is about making sure you know that.
Ukrainian Orthodox Head Condemns Russian Agression In Easter Message 
Obama Family Celebrates Easter Sunday At Nineteenth Street Baptist Church 
My Easter Easter was to my mother what Christmas was to me -- the best of the best.  When I was old enough to articulate my preference for Christmas, I'd start with the unpleasantness of 'Good Friday.' How could torturing someone to death be the cause for celebration?
Huge Crowds Celebrate Easter With Pope Francis 
A Time of Vigilance in the Ukraine We are challenged these days by the ugly reminders of anti-Semitism on both sides of the Ukrainian conflict and, of course, so recently in our own backyard. We must both remain vigilant against those who would do us harm and anticipate not increasing danger but redemption and peace.
Learning to Wait In the Dark That was where Jesus spent Holy Saturday
Pope Francis Baptizes 10 At Easter Vigil At Vatican 
Photos Of Easter Celebrations From Around The World 
Behind Every Easter Is A Crucifixion Easter, if it is to mean anything, must always stands face to face with Good Friday, and the crucifixion. Because God knows the crucifixions did not stop because the resurrection happened.
Death and Mourning on the Easter Holiday 
The Resurrection of Jesus Millions of people from all parts of the world will celebrate Easter because they, like I, believe what the early Gospel writers wrote about
The Other Resurrection Hope is never more needed than on the Saturdays we face. Something has gone. Something has died. Something or someone that once filled a great place within has left us just as empty as we were once full, just as lonely as we were once befriended, just as uncertain as we once were so sure.
Pope Asks for Forgiveness Can one legitimately speak, as does the Pope, of one's personal guilt in an instance like this, where others notably sinned?
My Spiritual Greek Easter! Throughout Holy Week, Orthodoxy is in grieving for Christ's ascent to Calvary and his crucifixion but on the day of the Resurrection there is the cleansing from sin and the restart of the human race.
The Often Untold Story of Easter Holy Saturday is a day when hell is emptied out, and maybe that can give us the hope that our own present personal hells can be harrowed as well.
Prophet Muhammad's Covenant With Christians to Be Destroyed? The Potential Removal of St. Catherine's Monastery 
Is Jesus' Message His Death or His Life? Holy Week should not be interpreted to mean that we are responsible for the death of Christ, or that God's honor would be offended if he simply forgave our sins, or that the point of Jesus' life was his suffering and death, or that this death magically erases the consequences of what we actually have done.
Daily Meditation 
