Scientists Turn To DNA Technology To Search For Loch Ness Monster The researchers plan to scour the Loch Ness next month for evidence of its supposed inhabitant.
Unusual Asteroid Could Be An Interstellar Guest To Our Solar System The supposed \interstellar immigrant\ is located near Jupiter but has an atypical orbit.
China Marks Another Milestone In Quest To Become Space Superpower It's the first time a rocket designed by a Chinese private company has successfully entered orbit.
Terrifying Clip Shows Why You Should Never Run Under A Tree During Thunderstorms YIKES!
U.S. Climate Scientists Flee For France To \u2018Make Our Planet Great Again\u2019 Some of America's top researchers will move to France to continue their research.
Stephen Hawking Finished Mind-Bending Parallel Universe Paper Days Before His Death The new treatise on the existence of parallel universes was published on Friday.
Mysterious Yellowstone Geyser Eruptions Stump Scientists Steamboat blows but that doesn't mean Yellowstone's supervolcano is going to spew, experts say.
Uranus Is Actually A Giant Ball Of Farts Floating In Space, Study Finds However, the smell could quite literally be the last thing you notice.
NASA Aircraft Spots Mysterious Circles In Remote Arctic Sea Ice Scientists say they haven't seen these features before.
Neil deGrasse Tyson Has A Sobering Reminder For You This Earth Day \Save the planet\ is a misguided rallying cry. Here's why.
NASA Releases Astounding Video Of The Lagoon Nebula To Celebrate Hubble's Birthday The nebula is a \raucous star nursery full of birth and destruction,\ NASA says.
SpaceX Rocket Blasts Off Carrying NASA's New Planet-Hunting Telescope The telescope is designed to detect worlds beyond our solar system that might be capable of harboring life.
NASA Rocketed Human Sperm Into Space International Space Station scientists will determine how well the sperm perform in zero gravity.
There's One Letter In The Alphabet That Almost No One Can Write Meet the most mysterious letter in the English language.
Chinese Space Station, Adrift For Years, Plummets To Earth The Tiangong-1 mostly burnt up as it re-entered the Earth's atmosphere, but some pieces likely crashed into the Pacific ocean.
Earliest North American Human Footprints Found In Surprising Spot In Canada The discovery suggests the ice-age humans may have used boats to travel among islands.
Paleontologist Talks About Fossil \u2018Find Of A Lifetime\u2019 In Area Cut From Bears Ears \u201cI will probably spend the rest of my career working on this site,\ said paleontologist Robert Gay.
Stephen Hawking's Final Resting Place Is Among Some Of The Greatest Scientists In History Interment inside Westminster Abbey is a rarely bestowed honor.
Scientists Discover New Homo Sapiens Mix With Mysterious Denisovans Neanderthals weren't the only ones modern humans liked to sleep with.
After A Year In Space, NASA Astronaut's Gene Expression Has Changed. Possibly Forever. Only 93 percent of Scott Kelly's gene expression has \returned to normal\ since his prolonged stint on the International Space Station, according to a new study.
Get Used To Nor'easters \u2014 Arctic Warming May Mean More Severe Winters In The Northeast As average temperatures rise across the planet, the frozen Arctic is heating up faster than anywhere else. With that warmth
Scientists, Celebrities Share Emotional Tributes To Stephen Hawking He influenced and inspired millions around the world.
These Personality Traits Could Put You At Risk For Social Media Addiction Whether it\u2019s scrolling through Instagram or constantly refreshing your Facebook feed, social media can eat up hours of your
Iconic Physicist Stephen Hawking Dies At 76 \We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe,\ Hawking once remarked, \and for that, I am extremely grateful.\
Penguins Find Their Moment In The Spotlight With A Video 'Selfie' These curious birds were caught on camera in Antarctica.
Pesticides Put Wild Bees At Risk, Food Safety Watchdog Confirms The EU has had a moratorium on the use of neonicotinoids since 2014 after lab research pointed to potential risks for bees.
Scientists Rush To Explore Underwater World Hidden Below Ice For 120,000 Years A huge, trillion-ton iceberg about the size of Delaware\u00a0broke free from Antarctica\u2019s Larsen C Ice Shelf\u00a0in July 2017. As
Neil deGrasse Tyson Weighs The Scientific Data For Prayers vs. Guns The famed astrophysicist looks at the evidence.
'Screaming Mummy' Mystery May Have Finally Been Solved Who was he and why was he screaming?
Oldest-Known Briton 'Cheddar Man\u2019 Wasn\u2019t Fair-Skinned After All DNA analysis of Britain's oldest complete skeleton reveals the first modern Britons had \dark to black skin\ and dark hair.
Elon Musk Sends Electric Car Into Space Aboard World's Most Powerful Rocket SpaceX's successful maiden flight of its Falcon Heavy rocket puts humans one step closer to Mars.
Mountain Lion Tracked By Scientists Is Found Dead Near Malibu Road The loss of the famed cougar is one more reason for a California wildlife corridor to protect the big cats, animal advocates say.
Already Threatened Polar Bears Face Food Shortage Crisis Amid Climate Change We're certainly not making it easier for them.
A 'Super Blue Blood Moon' Is Going To Light Up The Sky. Here's Where To See It. NASA is calling it a \lunar trifecta.\
In The Future We May All Talk Like Trump, Linguist Warns. Sad. Constant repetitions are worming their way into the circuitry of our  brains.
Papers From Blackbeard Wreckage Lead To 18th-Century Voyage Thriller Bits of paper recovered from wreckage off the North Carolina coast reveal heart-pounding prose.
A Highly Classified Spy Satellite Has Been Destroyed. Probably. It's either a complete loss, or a frighteningly evasive spacecraft.
NASA\u2019s Juno Spacecraft Sent Back Some Spectacular Shots Of Jupiter \u201cWe are rewriting our ideas of how giant planets work.\
This Is The Man To Blame For The Term 'Bomb Cyclone' Meteorology professor John Gyakum has stopped using the phrase he helped coin in 1980. Still, he has high hopes for its newfound popularity.
Spectacular Supermoon Gets 2018 Off To A Heavenly Start A breathtaking way to begin the year.
New Year Kicks Off With Supermoon Lunapalooza 2018's biggest supermoon will be followed at the end of January by a \super blue blood moon.\
This TV Meteorologist Has Absolutely Had It With The Flat-Earth Movement Keith Carson has a simple challenge for those who think the Earth is flat.
Climate Change Made Hurricane Harvey Worse, Scientists Say Rain associated with the lethal storm was at least 15 percent stronger, thanks to our warming world.
How To Tell If A Dinosaur Is Fake By Ed Yong On Wednesday, a team of scientists unveiled a newly discovered dinosaur that had the body and sickle-clawed feet
Scientists To Study Mysterious Interstellar Asteroid For Signs Of Alien Technology Is the elongated asteroid 'Oumuamua actually some kind of probe?
Oxford Researchers Make Startling Discovery About Ancient St. Nicholas Relic Just don't tell the kids.
Neil deGrasse Tyson Brilliantly Trolls Flat-Earthers With 1 Hilarious Image Here's a view of the moon you'll never see.
As World Turns More Slowly, We Face Earthquake Boom, Scientists Warn The number of severe quakes could triple next year.
Women Leaders In Science Under Microscope A gift from her father when she was 8 years old sent Jean Bennett onto a career path in science and medicine, one that will
World's Atmospheric CO2 Spiked To A Record Last Year \Wake up world. We are killing our planet.\
Bobak Ferdosi With the goal of harnessing the untapped potential of Iranian-Americans, and to build the capacity of the Iranian diaspora
3 Win Nobel Prize In Chemistry For Generating 3D Images Of The Molecules Of Life The prize was awarded to Jacques Dubochet, Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson
Nobel Laureate\u2019s Tongue-In-Cheek Resume Deserves A Prize Of Its Own \October 1941
3 Scientists Win Nobel Prize In Physics For Work In Detecting Gravitational Waves Rainer Weiss, Barry C. Barish and Kip S. Thorne will share the prize.
Will Whoever Controls Gene Editing Control Historical Memory? Which events are memorialized and which disappear from history?
3 Americans Win Nobel Prize For Biological Clock Research The scientists used fruit flies to unlock secrets of human biorhythms.
Science And Sense In A Post-Truth World In my work and my world, I am dealing routinely with whiplash-inducing headlines about health, and nutrition in particular
One Dead After Rockfall On Yosemite's Famed El Capitan Another climber was injured on the near-vertical slope.
NASA\u2019S Cassini Spacecraft\u2019s 13-year Saturn Mission Ends In Fiery Space Crash Farewell Cassini.
Neil deGrasse Tyson Destroys Climate Change Deniers' Favorite Argument In 1 Tweet BOOM!
NASA Astronaut Peggy Whitson Has Spent A Record-Breaking 665 Days In Space The 57-year-old trailblazer returned from her third mission to the International Space Station on Saturday.
The Case For Sharing All Of America's Data On Mosquitoes By Ed Yong For decades, agencies around the United States have been collecting data on mosquitoes. Biologists set traps, dissect
Can Dogs Smell Their \u2018Reflections\u2019? If you want to know if they have a concept of self, it makes little sense to confront them with a mirror.
Partial Eclipse Of The Heart One of my daughters made the trip to North Carolina to see the eclipse in the \u201ctotality\u201d zone.\u00a0I\u2019m a little jealous- but
Aquarium To Monitor Animals' Behavior Changes During Eclipse The vanishing sunlight during past solar eclipses has thrown off animals' circadian rhythms, research shows.
Can't Get Outside? Here's How You Can Watch The Solar Eclipse Online No fancy glasses required \ud83d\ude0e
People Across The U.S. Watch 'Surreal' Solar Eclipse A scientist calls it \u201cthe most spectacular thing that anybody has ever seen.\
The Total Solar Eclipse Is Finally Here And The Photos Don't Disappoint Worth the hype.
Leaders Of Top Robotics And AI Companies Call For Ban On Killer Robots Elon Musk and others have signed an open letter warning about autonomous weapons.
Monstrously 'Nasty' Ancient Crocodile Gets Named After Lemmy From Motorhead The croc was \one of the biggest coastal predators of its time.\
Scientists Hit Breakthrough In Quest To Transplant Pig Organs Into Humans These little piggies could soon save millions of lives.
Everything You Need To Know To Get Ready For The 'Great American Eclipse' Don't get caught in the dark --\n unless you mean to.
This Video Shows Exactly How Much Sugar Could Kill You Plus other deadly tidbits.
Mars Rover Can Celebrate 'Birthday' By Singing Alone On The Desolate Planet The Curiosity rover has given NASA plenty to celebrate.
How To Watch The Eclipse Without Burning Holes In Your Eyeballs Protect your retina from painful burns.
Resurrecting Ancient Wines That Can Survive Climate Change In the case of Bodegas Torres\u2019 ancestral-wine project, that means producing varieties that both taste great and can thrive in hotter temperatures.
It's Time We Take A Look At How Female Astronomers Are Treated When Hidden Figures premiered in theaters this past December, it drew attention to a less discussed issue
What Your Data Scientist Wishes You Knew By Daniel Wesley Big data
Hundreds Of Coastal Communities Could Face Monthly Floods In The Coming Decades \If we fail to limit warming, we\u2019re committing a great many people to a future of flooding and inundation.\
China Launches 200-Day Test Of Self-Sustaining Space Station The students say they are happy to act as human guinea-pigs if it means getting closer to their dream of becoming astronauts.
Ten Facts About The Light, The Dark And The Total Solar Eclipse Co-authored by Megan Watzke On August 21st, a total solar eclipse will be visible from Oregon to South Carolina. This event
'Bergxit' Experts say the chunk of ice will be larger than the island of Bali.
Think Weather Forecasts Are Bad? Try Forecasting A Volcanic Eruption. A new technique could bring us closer to accurately predicting volcano behavior.
Stephen Hawking \...two hundred and fifty degrees, and raining sulphuric acid.\
Most People Don't See How Climate Change Is Affecting Their Lives \u2014 And That's A Problem Heidi Cullen is the blame changer. By Hillary Rosner According to a recent Yale survey, 7 in 10 Americans believe global
Kepler Mission Has Released Its Catalogue Of Exoplanets, But What Have We Learnt About These Worlds? Elizabeth Tasker, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) On Monday June 19, NASA held a media briefing to announce the
An Egg A Day Could Help Babies Grow Bigger And Taller Gaston was right all along.
Is Whole Wheat Bread Better Than White? That May Depend On Your Gut Bacteria. There\u2019s no such thing as one-size-fits-all nutrition.
The Humble Honeybee Honeybees are incomparable little creatures. Allow me to tell you why
Who Was The Last Person On Earth Born In The 1700s? There\u2019s no way to know for sure.
EVERYONE Loves Alternative Facts THE POWER OF STORIES IN THE 21st CENTURY It says a lot about my family that my big, fun invitation for Memorial Day weekend
SpaceX Launches Its First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit The refurbished capsule brings us one step closer to cheaper space travel.
Neil deGrasse Tyson Burns Donald Trump Over Possible Paris Climate Deal Withdrawal \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
The Fastest Way To Chill Your Beer Happy drinking!
NASA Plans Emergency Spacewalk To Replace Key Computer On International Space Station The computer is one of two that control major U.S. systems aboard the orbiting outpost.
NASA Cold War high-altitude nuclear explosions resulted in extra radiation close to Earth.
'Warm Neptune' Exoplanet Atmosphere Consists Of Hydrogen, Helium, Water Vapor NASA
What Actually Causes Body Odor? It's never as smelly as you think it is.
Maybe Colleges Should Take A Lesson From Zoos By Michael Preston,\u00a0UCF Forum columnist What would it take to create a more learning-efficient campus? What elements must
Astrophysicist The big question
'Significant' New Rift Could Sever Massive Iceberg From Antarctica An island of ice the size of Delaware is perilously close to breaking away.
Japanese Space Agency\u2019s Mission Aims To Uncover How Moons Of Mars Formed MMX is an exciting mission.
Cassini Preps For Death Plunge Into Saturn And Sends Farewell Image Of Tiny Earth The barely visible dot of our home could be perceived as an exoplanet from a faraway perspective.
Antarctic Researchers Face Bitter Cold To Support The March For Science Scientists from the North and South poles joined the global movement.
Put Your Feet Where Your Values Are Science is not a partisan issue.
New Haven Marches For Science It was not a particularly beautiful day today in New Haven, Connecticut.\u00a0But everyone who gathered \u2015 some 2,000 strong \u2015 for
Neil deGrasse Tyson Cites Celebrity Flat-Earthers To Make A Point About Politics \You can say Earth is flat because we have free speech, but our Constitution doesn't grant that anything you say is correct.\
Neil deGrasse Tyson \You don't have the option to say you don't believe E=mc2. It's true whether or not you believe it.\
What's A Scientist To Do? March! It\u2019s hard to believe that 92 years after the Scopes Monkey Trial (which debated teaching evolution in public schools), the
After The March For Science, It's Time To Get Political Solving the climate crisis will take activism, protest, and movement building.
The March For Science Is A March For Democracy The upcoming March for Science is in many ways a March for Democracy, and if you like freedom and equality, or at least what\u2019s
Our Economy Depends On Earth Observation And Scientific Research Since the mid-1970s I have studied and worked as a practitioner in the areas of environmental policy and public management
Lakes In The Northeast Are Getting Dangerously Salty, And It\u2019s Our Fault Ice-free roads come with a cost.
Volcanic Ash And Ancient Poop Reveal Penguins' Tragic History Eruptions might be responsible for shrinking penguin populations.
Scientists Create 3D Fly-Through Map Of Space Dust In Our Galaxy Like a galactic GPS, better dust maps will help astronomers peer more clearly into deep space.
Scientists Lobbying To Restore Pluto As A Planet The campaign also wants the moon to be categorized as a type of planet.
Weird Green Ice Floats In Antarctic Harbor Scientists want to know why the green hue shows up at certain times each year.
Changing How We Study Political Divisions Just Might Help Us Heal Them Our democracy may depend on it.
Boaty McBoatface Is Preparing For Its First Antarctic Mission What, you thought it was all just a joke?
Say What? Twitter Agog Over Ben Carson's 'Hippocampus Drilling' Tale Wrong, wrong and ... wrong, say scientists.
How I Became The NPR Math Guy Most people think that mathematics is just about numbers, but that\u2019s not true at all.
We're Going To Take A Photo Of A Black Hole It looks like scientists will soon be able to take the first-ever photograph of a black hole. You know, one of those really
NASA Joins Twitter Users To Name Those Newly Discovered Planets. The Inevitable Happens. Planet McPlanetface, anyone?
SpaceX To Send Two Private Citizens Around The Moon In 2018 Elon Musk just doesn't quit.
People Want To Move To The Newly Found Planets To Escape Donald Trump \Can sleep on the plane.\
SpaceX Launches Rocket From NASA Pad In Florida, Completes Re-landing The rocket, which launched at 9:39 a.m. EST, carried a cargo ship with about 5,500 pounds (2,500 kg) of supplies and experiments for the International Space Station.
New Continent Zealandia Is Discovered Underwater The earth's eighth continent is believed a piece of the ancient super-continent Gondwana.
Scientists Raise Alarm Over Truth-Averse Trump Administration \When officials use 'alternative facts' without embarrassment, you know there's a problem.\
Cincinnati Zoo's Premature Baby Hippo Takes Wobbly First Steps 
Strange New World The experiment is an early step in growing human organs.
Gene Cernan, Last Man To Walk On The Moon, Has Died The retired Navy commander, 82, never forgot the \overpowering beauty of the Earth.\
Scientists In Last-Minute Scramble To Save Environmental Data Before Trump Takes Over Sierra Club files major request for records to buy some time.
SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion, Returns Stage To Earth Saturday\u2019s flight begins to clear a logjam of more than 70 planned missions.
NASA May Turn To Ice To House Astronauts On Mars The space agency wants to make use of a resource the planet already has in abundance.
All The Mathematical Methods I Learned In My University Math Degree Became Obsolete In My Lifetime If you are connected with the world of K-12 mathematics education, it\u2019s highly unlikely that a day will go by without you
NASA Has A Whole Lot Of Science Planned For 2017 It remains to be seen how these plans will fare under the next president.
Bad News, Everyone Blame the leap second. \ud83d\ude15
Vera Rubin, Astronomer Who Discovered The First Direct Evidence Of Dark Matter, Dead At 88 She used galaxies\u2019 rotations to discover the first direct evidence of dark matter in the 1970s while working at the Carnegie Institution in Washington.
Big Losses For Science In 2016 Science progresses because of passionate and audacious individuals who are unafraid to ask questions, answers to which influence
A Debate On The Pros And Cons Of Aging And Death 
Why Mars? To Discover How Life Originates In 1964, Mariner 4 became the first spacecraft to successfully arrive at Mars. While some scientists of the time were expecting
Scientists Discover Feathered Dinosaur Tail Trapped in Amber The surprise finding is 99 million years old.
Fireball Rips Through Siberian Sky In Brilliant Display Of Light \Frankly, I was scared. I thought that it was a bomb,\ one witness said.
Weather Channel Destroys Breitbart Over BS Climate Change Story \u201cHere\u2019s the thing
John Glenn, Astronaut And American Hero, Hospitalized Details of the 95-year-old's condition and diagnosis were not disclosed.
Watch 15 Years Of Earthquakes Rock The Planet This animation is as mesmerizing as it is frightening.
2,300 Leading Scientists Send Trump A Clear Warning An open letter signed by America's top minds hopes to counter the influence of climate change deniers and oil execs.
'Ailing' Buzz Aldrin Evacuated From South Pole The famed astronaut was transported to New Zealand for medical treatment.
James Webb Space Telescope Will Boldly Go Where No One Has Gone Before Incredibly powerful telescope will look back in time toward the Big Bang of creation.
We Need Scientific Integrity In Cannabis Policy The research demonstrating the medicinal utility of cannabis is voluminous.
More boys are diagnosed with cancer than girls worldwide - why? 
NASA Launches GOES-R Weather Satellite Images from the satellite are expected to enhance weather forecasts, provide advanced warning of floods and better tracking of wildfires, plumes and volcanic ash clouds.
6 Graphics To Show To Your Climate-Denying Uncle This Thanksgiving Pumpkin pie with a side of science.
Pluto May Have Underground Ocean, Evidence Suggests The ocean is likely a slushy one, hiding beneath Pluto's heart-shaped central plain.
Australia Joins The Hunt For Aliens With A Huge Dish Telescope \You won\u2019t find out unless you actually look.\u201d
Why Mars Can Be Affordable And Achievable Why should humans venture to Mars? In some sense, it is to fulfill a longing in our collective psyche. Humanity has dreamed
Thousands Of Snowballs Appear On A Siberian Beach \Many people believed it only when they saw with their own eyes.\
Pretty Much Every Living Thing Is Already Feeling The Effects Of Climate Change \The fact is, it's not one or two species in one or two places,\ one researcher said.
'Egg Rock' Meteorite Discovered On Mars By Curiosity Rover The space rock was located in a region where conditions once favored life.
Massive 'Pillars Of Destruction' Show Stars Destroying Their Own Formation Clouds The pillars are located in the Carina Nebula, 7,500 light years from Earth.
Exercise Changed This Neuroscientist\u2019s Life And Now She Wants To Change Yours New research is increasingly discovering the benefits of physical exercise for the brain.
Meet The Doctor Behind The Most Extreme Face Transplant Ever Dr. Eduardo Rodriguez did what no surgeon had ever done -- and he's just getting started.
Scientists Take Big Step Toward Being Able To Repair Brain Injuries They\u2019ve successfully completed a neuron transplant in mice.
Scientists Want Your Help To Locate 'Spiders' On Mars You can be part of the search for strange Martian surface features from the comfort of your home.
Images Show That Saturn's North Polar Region Has Changed Color NASA wants to know why.
Kids' Adorable Observations About The World May Have Been Crucial To Their Survival Scientists reveal how kids keep getting caring attention from parents once they grow out of their cute baby faces.
ESA Mars Lander Disappears In Descent To Red Planet The lander, sent to investigate Mars for signs of life, stopped transmitting as it neared the planet.
Are 2 Small, Dark Moons Hiding In The Rings Of Uranus? The planet has 27 known moons. But are there more?
Amazing Egg Feat May Be Good News For Gay Couples, Infertile Women Scientists working with mice turn ordinary skin cells into viable eggs.
ESA Lander Prepares For Historic Mars Landing Europe's first Mars rover will search for traces of life on the planet.
Ancient Cannabis 'Burial Shroud' Discovered In Desert Oasis For the first time, archaeologists have unearthed well-preserved cannabis plants, which were placed on a corpse some 2,500 years ago.
The Pluto Flyby Is Nearing Its End, But We Can Still Visit In VR From its giant icy heart to its mountain ranges, there\u2019s a lot to (virtually) explore on the dwarf planet.
You May Be Able To Train Your Brain To Be Fearless A developing treatment called neurofeedback may help people suffering from anxiety and PTSD.
2-Year-Old Neil DeGrasse Tyson Pens Awesome Birthday Thank You Awww look, a baby astrophysicist.
People In High-Powered Jobs May Be Harder To Treat For Depression There could be a lot of explanations for this.
Elon Musk's SpaceX Has Company In The Race To Mars Gentlemen, start your engines.
Nobel Prize Winner Trashes Brexit As Bad For Science Fraser Stoddart fears that research will suffer if Britain becomes more closed off to Europeans.
Rare Photo Captures Sprites, Gravity Waves Over Hurricane Matthew The luminous flashes last only milliseconds and appear at random, making them extremely hard to capture.
2016 Nobel Prize In Physics Awarded To David Thouless, Duncan Haldane And Michael Kosterlitz They were honored for their work in revealing the secrets of exotic matter.
Stunning Time-Lapse Captures The Northern Lights In All Their Glory Iceland's capital turned off streetlights for the display.
Down the drain 
Rosetta Spacecraft Crash Lands On Comet, Bringing Historical Mission To An End \We will end in a very rock-and-roll fashion.\
Bill Nye Is 'Open-Minded But Skeptical' About Elon Musk's Bold New Vision For Mars Pros
Actual Scientists Found That Ayahuasca Can Help You Think More Creatively A psychedelic trip could give your mind the flexibility to unlock old thought patterns.
Jupiter's Moon Europa May Be Venting Water Plumes, NASA Says The discovery could hasten the search for alien life.
If Aliens Call, We Might Not Want To Answer, Says Stephen Hawking Listen up, NASA.
Breathtaking Photos That Capture The Terrible Beauty Of Big Storms Chasing supercells is all in a day's work when this landscape photographer goes where the weather takes him.
Two People With Rare Disorder Offer Clues To Humans' Mysterious \u2018Sixth Sense\u2019 Quick, without looking -- do you know where your feet are?
How Pluto Got Its Giant Frozen Heart Over time, the heart might actually have a \beat.\
Watch A NASA Booster Nozzle Plug Get Blown To Bits Fear not, it was all \intentional.\
Does This Headline Look Blue To You? Then It Might Also Feel Like A Triangle. Research shows that synesthesia may extend in more directions than we thought.
The Best Astronomy Photos Of 2016 Are Simply Stellar See for yourself!
Polar Bears Trap Team Of Scientists Inside Remote Weather Station In Russia \u201cThe bears live in the Arctic, you know \u2015 we can\u2019t ban them from hanging around.\
Dolphin Conversation Caught On Tape For First Time Does this mean they have their own human-like language?
NASA's 9/11 Memorial On Mars Is Simply Out Of This World It's located 140 million miles from New York City.
Here's How You Can Plant Feelings In People's Heads, Neuroscientists Show It's not quite \Inception,\ but it's fascinating nonetheless.
Elon Musk A fireball consumed the rocket as it was being fueled for a launch.
These Retired Lab Chimps Are Already Loving Their New Home \There were hugs and kisses and grooming.\
Amazing Fossil Find Shows Bug Inside Lizard Inside Snake It's \essentially a prehistoric turducken,\ Discover magazine wrote.
These Cute Bats Reveal Something They Have In Common With You, Dogs And Cats You might have seen this before in puppies.
NASA Launches Rocket On Asteroid Probe Mission The seven-year mission aims to bring back samples from the asteroid in hopes of unlocking mysteries of the origin of life.
U.S.-Russian Crew Returns To Earth After 172 Days In Space NASA astronaut Jeff Williams, 58, has spent a total of 534 days in orbit, more time than any other astronaut in U.S. history and 14th in the world.
Missing Comet Lander 'Philae' Finally Located After Long Search The hunt is over!
Air Pollution Leaves Significant Traces Of Magnetic Metals In Your Brain The nanoparticles formed during combustion possibly contribute to Alzheimer's disease.
The Only Thing Better Than A Double Rainbow Is This Double Eclipse What does it mean?
Watch One Of The World's Largest Lakes Shrink Before Your Eyes Going, going, nearly gone.
Watch A Video Of Today's SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Explosion No one was injured in the blast.
This Is What The Universe Looks Like 11.1 Billion Light-Years From Earth Scientists have made a record-breaking discovery.
International Space Station Captures Stunning Footage Of 3 Major Storms As Seen From Space See the storms as viewed from 257 miles above the Earth.
'Strong Signal' From Another World Might Not Be Aliens After All Signal detected by SETI researchers could have come from someplace much closer to home.
Now We Know How 'Lucy' Died 3 Million Years Ago. Maybe. Scientists say the iconic human ancestor fell out of a tree.
Scientists Can Detect Your Sleeptime Memories Even If You Can\u2019t Trying to learn Spanish while you nap, eh?
Why The Discovery Of The Milky Way's 'Dark Twin' Is Such A Big Deal Dragonfly 44 could help solve one of nature's biggest mysteries.
Women in Paleontology There\u2019s a little girl. Her blue eyes are wide, and she steps up to the microphone. She\u2019s a five-year-old in front of a room
6 Scientists Just Spent A Year On Simulated Mars. Here's What They Learned. The crew \returns to Earth\ Sunday after 365 days in isolation.
Space Virtual Reality Will Soon Let You Experience Orbiting Earth \Anyone will have the opportunity to sit down and put on any VR headset and be immediately immersed in the majestic beauty of space.\
Europe's 'Oldest Living Inhabitant' Is Looking Pretty Darn Good That inhabitant happens to be a tree.
Mars Looks Eerily Similar To Earth In This Dramatic New Panorama NASA's Curiosity Rover snaps another great shot!
Donald Trump's Border Wall Could Have 'Yuge' Environmental Costs Mexicans wouldn't be the only ones paying a high price for the wall.
8 Of The Year's Most Extreme Adventure Photos (So Far) From National Geographic Wowza.
Why A Giant Green Lake Turned Blood-Red The salty waters of Iran\u2019s Lake Urmia recently morphed from a deep green to a rich red, likely due to algae and bacteria blooms.
Being Overweight Makes The Brain Age Faster -- Much Faster Scientists have long suspected that being overweight affects the brain. Now, a neuroimaging study from the University of
The Incredible Brain Of Simone Biles Neuroscientists are beginning to understand how the nervous system allows us to move -- and their findings may someday reveal how elite gymnasts perform extraordinary movement sequences.
Many Commonly Used Drugs Are Useless 
A Chat with Information Scientist Pedro Mariju\u00e1n 
Trump Crossed Deeply Ingrained Moral Boundary With Khan Comments Offending people and not apologizing for it may have helped Trump so far. But there\u2019s a limit to breaking the rules.
Watch These Basking Sharks Feed From The Safe Distance Of A Drone Good thing these giants just want some plankton.
Watch Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Spew Lava Into The Pacific Ocean It's impossible to predict how long it will last.
The Right Kind Of Daydreaming A wandering mind gets a bad rap --but if done right, it may have benefits.
Twitter Helps Confirm X-Shaped Bulge At Center Of Milky Way Tweeting astronomers are a step closer to understanding the origin of our home galaxy.
The Kind Of Person Who Has More Sex Will Surprise You Looks aren't everything!
Watch A Year Flash Before Your Eyes From 1 Million Miles Away Guys, that's our whole world.
New Map Of The Brain Identifies 97 Previously Unknown Areas And are they gorgeous.
SpaceX Rocket Lifts Off On Cargo Run, Then Successfully Lands At Launch Site Perched on top of the rocket was a Dragon capsule filled with nearly 5,000 pounds of food, supplies and equipment, including a miniature DNA sequencer.
These Mice Watched A Classic Orson Welles Film For Science The Allen Brain Observatory in Seattle is studying the rodents to decipher how vision works.
Bear Known For Lounging Shows She *Nose* Computers Who knew bears were so brainy?
Turn It Off! Light Round The Clock Speeds Up Aging In Mice The implications for city-dwelling humans aren't great either.
Bizarre Mars Dune Pattern Looks Like A Message In Morse Code Klaatu barada nikto?
Manhattanhenge Returns To The Big Apple For The Last Time In 2016 Don't miss this spectacular sunset!
Astronomers Have Detected Clouds Of Water Outside Our Solar System Scientists have found a dwarf star \dominated by water vapor and clouds, with an overall appearance that is strikingly similar to Jupiter.\
This Tiny Robot Stingray Made From Gold And Rat Hearts Can Also Swim The latest from the cyborg department.
Scientists Discover Bizarre World With Three Suns, 300-Year Seasons Eat your heart out, Tatooine!
Cold Case \All indications are that there has been a fire set at the gates of the castle.\
Happy Fourth of July, America -- Love, Space Astronomers have spotted a brilliant \fireworks\ display millions of light years away.
NASA's Spacecraft Juno Begins Orbit Of Jupiter Five years and hundreds of millions of miles later, Juno is in orbit.
Playing a science-based video game? It might be all wrong 
This Ghostly Fish Has Never Been Seen Alive Before. Until Now. \This is just remarkable.\
Kalevi Kull 
Teams Excavating Toilets Flush Out Thousands Of 18th Century Artifacts The remarkable collection spans nearly 300 years of people at the site near Independence Hall.
This Is The Surreal Way That Whales Sleep When a whale slumbers, half its brain stays awake.
Scientists Are Homing In On The Secrets Of Limb Regeneration A new study found a key genetic element shared by animals with regenerative abilities.
NASA Just Tested The Most Powerful Rocket Booster In History The booster generated 3.6 million pounds of thrust.
Are Anxiety Drugs Making Us Less Eager To Lend A Helping Hand? Some scientists say possibly. Others aren't convinced.
Congress Gets Another Reminder From Scientists That Climate Change Isn't Coming -- It's Already Here \We owe it to our children and to our children's children to take bold action now so that our descendants do not pay the price for our generation's greed.\
Researchers Find Second U.S. Patient Infected With 'Superbug' Gene The mcr-1 gene makes bacteria highly resistant to the last-resort antibiotic called colistin, which is used to treat multi-drug-resistant infections.
'Infant' Alien Planet Discovery Shakes Up Ideas About How Worlds Form Astronomers say 'K2-33b' is just 5 million to 10 million years old.
Skeletons And Ancient Gold Coins Found During Pompeii Excavation Archeologists uncovered the remains of four young people who took refuge inside a shop nearly 2,000 years ago.
A sea slug changed my life 
Giant Artwork Reflects The Gorgeous Complexity of The Human Brain The new work at The Franklin Institute may be the most complex and detailed artistic depiction of the brain ever.
There's A Good Chance Your Brain Will Fall For This Color Trick Looks can be deceiving.
Neptune's Massive New 'Dark Vortex' Is As Big As The United States The high-pressure system is accompanied by bright \companion clouds.\
In A Deadly Crash, Who Should A Driverless Car Kill -- Or Save? It's one of the thorniest moral dilemmas in tech right now.
Alien Contact Is Still 1,500 Years Away, Cornell Researchers Say But scientists searching for ETs aren't waiting around.
Positive Results From Brain Games May Be Just A Placebo Effect A new study deals a blow to the billion-dollar industry.
ETs Could Reach Out To Us With Interstellar Lasers Columbia University astronomers suggest a new way we might grab the attention of alien civilizations.
After 5-Year Trek, NASA Spacecraft Juno Prepares For Dangerous Final Stretch To Jupiter Teased in a new Hollywood-style trailer, Juno is scheduled to enter Jupiter's orbit on July 4.
Working Out 4 Hours After Studying May Help Your Brain Remember Stuff The newest memory trick comes from the gym.
High-Speed Camera Captures Amazing Downward And Upward Lightning Scientists are still mystified about how, exactly, lightning forms.
The Mistrust Of Science If this place has done its job\u2014and I suspect it has\u2014you\u2019re all scientists now. Sorry, English and history graduates, even
This 22-Year-Old Might Have Just Identified 4 New Planets The university student found four \planet candidates\ outside of our solar system.
Here's One Reason To Be Optimistic About The Field Of Cancer Research Scientists have seen small-scale successes with targeted therapeutics, and that could mean something big in the long run.
Some Fish Can Recognize Human Faces, Scientists Find Don\u2019t underestimate your pet fish.
NASA, Jesus & Templeton? 
Is ISIS Taking Notes From Star Wars? A University of Chicago researcher says \Hollywood blockbuster narratives\ help explain the pull of Islamic State recruitment videos.
Dagger In Tutankhamun's Tomb Was Made With Iron From A Meteorite A dagger entombed with King Tutankhamun was made with iron from a meteorite, a new analysis on the metal composition shows
Our Badass Solar System Stole A Planet... Maybe Planet 9 remains a mystery, but this is one attempt to explain it.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Reveals How Schools Can Improve Their Science Teaching \At no time are you actually trained how to think, how to analyze.\
Meet The Woman Who Launched A New Field Of Scientific Study \I hope that women will see that one can have a rewarding career in science and technology,\ says Dr. Frances Arnold.
Science And Technology Combine In Search For Underwater Resting Place Of WWII MIAs \Families of MIAs never quit -- they never stop missing the person who's been taken out of their lives,\ says BentProp Project founder Patrick Scannon.
Venus Rises Behind The Aurora In Stunning Time-Lapse Filmed From Space Thank you, Tim Peake!
Cheeky Video Explains The Entire Universe In Just Over 4 Minutes From atoms to the solar system, it's all there.
Facial expressions are key to first impressions. What does that mean for people with facial paralysis? Facial expressions are important parts of how we communicate and how we develop impressions of the people around us.
This Minivan-Sized Sea Sponge Is Thought To Be Planet's Largest The ancient brain-like organism was found at a depth of 7,000 feet in waters off Hawaii.
Major Cell Phone Radiation Study Reignites Cancer Questions Federal scientists released partial findings Friday from a $25 million animal study that tested the possibility of links
Gravitational Waves Mean We Could One Day Hear The Very First Sounds Of The Big Bang Turns out, Einstein's theory was right.
Mars Appears At Its Brightest Tonight As Planet Moves Into Opposition The phenomenon comes a week before Mars will make its closest approach to the Earth since 2005.
Royal Society Set to Release Evo Meeting Details 
People Die Waiting For Organs. Here's How To Stop That From Happening Tune in to a conversation with experts on organ transplants at Harvard's School of Public Health.
Meet The Most Powerful Woman In Particle Physics Fabiola Gianotti has some very big goals.
Is It The End Of The World As We Know It? It might be time to say goodbye to the Holocene epoch.
Breathtaking Time-Lapse Video Shows How Sunrise Looks From Space That's one otherworldly view!
Sinkhole Discovery Suggests Ancient Humans In Florida 14,500 Years Ago A stone knife, mastodon bones and fossilized dung found in an underwater sinkhole show that humans lived in north Florida
Hawaii Could Be Devastated By A Tsunami Within 50 Years Living in the middle of the Pacific has its downfalls.
High-Speed Hyperloop Hits 116 mph In 1.1 Seconds During First Public Test System could one day transport people at speeds of more than 700 mph.
Mercury Crossing The Sun For The First Time In A Decade It may be small, but Mercury takes center stage in the solar system this week.
So We Discovered 3 Planets That Could Sustain Life. Now What? We discuss what it all means on \Talk Nerdy To Me.\
Ex-NASA Astronaut Tom Jones 'Used To Be A Big UFO Fan.' Not Now. \I haven\u2019t seen the proof that would satisfy me that there\u2019s really something there.\
SpaceX Lands Reusable Falcon 9 Rocket (UPDATE) Despite initial worries, the company has done it again.
MAG Scientists have discovered a radical new way to treat our most traumatic memories.
Dolphins Chatter More When Solving Tricky Tasks The charismatic creatures vocalize more during cooperative problem solving, a new study suggests.
A Furry Animal Shut Down The World's Largest Particle Collider, Officials Say The small mammal received a fatal lesson about electricity.
No, This Isn't A CGI Stunt. It's A Real Jellyfish. It really is!
Scientists Who Clearly Love 'Star Wars' Name Beetle After Chewbacca Trigonopterus chewbacca has some Wookiee characteristics, researchers say.
Astronomers Discover Tiny, Shy Moon Hiding In The Shadows Of The Solar System Hey there, lil fella!
Milky Way's Vast Galactic Plane Shimmers In Hypnotic New Video The Herschel Space Observatory offers an unprecedented look at our galactic home.
This New Camera Shows You The Glow-In-The-Dark World Sharks See Biofluorescence could tell us more about how underwater animals and organisms communicate.
Astronaut Tim Peake Completes London Marathon In Space, Sets World Record He ran the race in just over 3 and a half hours.
This New Technology Could Help Batteries Last Longer Than They Ever Have Before It involves incredible, super-tiny nanowires.
Extensive Coral Reef Found Hidden At The Mouth Of The Amazon River But it may be in serious danger.
How The Bacteria In Your Gut Could Be Used To Treat Mental Illness New research finds that altering gut bacteria in mice changes the way their brains work.
Dinosaur Skeleton Reveals Babies May Have Lived On Their Own From Birth Giant dinosaurs were small and cute at birth, a study of baby Rapetosaurus bones reveals.
Hubble Captures Breathtaking Portrait Of Blue Bubble In Space The stunning nebula lies about 8,000 light-years away.
Yes, You Can Rent Out Your Eye Socket For Money In November 1954, 29-year-old Sammy Davis Jr. was driving to Hollywood when a car crash left his eye mangled\u00a0beyond repair
The Huffington Post Is Looking For A Senior Science Editor Apply to join our New York City-based team.
NASA Wants To Grow Potatoes On Mars Scientists are researching ways to grow 65 different kinds of spuds.
Dinosaurs Had Big Trouble Long Before Asteroid Struck \It is clear that they were already past their prime in an evolutionary sense.\
Scientists May Have Figured Out The Best Hand-Sanitizing Technique This six-step process using alcohol rub won out in a study of health care workers.
NASA Successfully Attaches Inflatable Room To International Space Station If successful, the modules would offer lightweight and cost-saving habitations.
Ridiculously Cute Polar Bear Cub Makes A Splash With Public Debut Go, Nora!
Consciousness Works Differently Than You Think, According To This New Theory We might see things before we're actually aware of them.
Scientists Dissolve Everyday Objects In Acid, But One Item Surprisingly Survives Don't try this at home!
Billions Of Cicadas Are About To Rise From The Earth, Have Sex And Die Here's what all the buzz is about.
Elusive Dwarf Galaxy Found Orbiting Our Milky Way It's the fourth largest circling our Milky Way, astronomers say.
Astronaut Tim Peake Is Ready To Run The London Marathon From Space -- And You Can Join Him The Briton will be using RunSocial, an app that'll let him interact with runners on Earth.
You Guys, There Is An Adorable Heart On The Sun It's pretty sweet.
A Group Of Scientists Is Begging Obama To Save Right Whales Seismic exploration in the Atlantic may bring about their extinction, they say.
Robot Swarms Could Help Solve Our Lead Pollution Problems Scientists say tube-shaped microbots may be an effective and economical way to clean up our water.
Could You Outrun A Fart? Here's What The Science Says Usain Bolt has his work cut out for him.
Scientists Spy Rare Carpet Of Crabs Swarming Across Deep Sea Floor Crabnado is here.
The National Weather Service Is About To Leave Its LOUD Forecasts In The Past The agency is ending its reliance on the caps lock key.
The Huffington Post Is Looking For A Science Reporter Apply to join our New York City-based science team.
NASA's Kepler Spacecraft Recovers From Unexplained Emergency Mode This was the first time the spacecraft has gone into emergency mode during its seven years in space.
NASA's Kepler Spacecraft In Emergency Mode, 75 Million Miles From Earth The space agency hasn't yet explained why this would happen.
'Moby Dick' May Be More Than Just A Whale Of A Tale New research suggests sperm whales can use their huge heads as battering rams against ships and each other.
SpaceX Nails Historic At-Sea Rocket Landing \Fifth time's a charm!\
World's Brightest X-Ray Laser Is Getting A Big Upgrade This will help with the development of new technologies and life-saving drugs in the future, scientists say.
Why Human Wellness Is Critical To Combating Climate Change A new paper reveals seven important social concepts needed for a sustainable future.
What A Dust Devil Looks Like On Mars The image really is out of this world.
Blue Origin Rocket Sticks Third Landing Test Founder Jeff Bezos hails the launch and landing as \perfect.\
What To Do If You Find A Baby Songbird Out Of Its Nest Rosemary Mosco's handy flow chart has the answers.
Your Last Chance to Ask Candidates a Science Question Nothing impacts modern life more than science and yet the candidates are rarely asked questions about it and almost never mention it in speeches. This is a neglect of almost insane proportions. Even children know this.
Scientists Offer Plan To Hide Earth From Advanced Space Aliens Columbia University astronomers say their laser plan would work, but others aren't so sure.
Modern Humans May Have Caused The Extinction Of Real 'Hobbits' Watch how scientists use 3D imaging to examine when -- and why -- this ancient hominin species became extinct.
Zoom Into The Mesmerizing Heart Of Our Own Milky Way Galaxy Stunning video takes us into the center of the galaxy, which is packed with stars.
Possible Viking Find Could Rewrite North American History Archaeologist Sarah Parcak used satellite data to find the Canadian site.
A Melting Antarctica Could Sink The World's Coastlines Faster Than Predicted Sea level rise could be double previous estimates, swamping Boston and New York by 2100.
Your Birthday May Play A Role In Whether You Suffer From Allergies Here's how.
Male Birth Control Working On Rabbits, Humans Are Next Injections and birth control pills are completely blocking the flow of sperm in trials.
CAUGHT ON VIDEO WOW
This Is What Climate Change Has Done To The Great Barrier Reef Researchers say the widespread coral bleaching across the vast ecosystem is the worst on record.
This Weird Little 'Walking' Cavefish Is A Living Link To A Key Moment In Evolution Cryptotora thamicola may help show how life first stepped out of the oceans.
Adorable Tiger Cubs Turn Into Fearsome Big Cats Over Course Of 1 Year They grow up so fast!
Alert Levels Raised As Alaska's Pavlof Volcano Spews Ash 20,000 Feet Into The Sky Smoke started spurting at 4:18 p.m. local time on Sunday.
Manmade Earthquakes Are Putting Even More Of The Country At Risk You're more likely to experience a damaging earthquake this year if you live in Oklahoma than if you live in California.
The World\u2019s Largest Fish Are Missing Scientists are finding that even the world\u2019s largest fish can hide in the vastness of the ocean.
New Research Offers Much-Needed Hope For Our Oceans \We can have our fish and eat it too.\
Eastern Monarch Butterflies May Be At Risk Of Extinction Within 20 Years Though the population was up this winter, the winged insects aren't out of the woods yet.
7 Behaviors That Are Actually Contagious, According To Science Yawns aren't the only things you can \catch\ from the people around you.
Stripped-Down Synthetic Organism Has Smallest Genome Yet It has only 473 genes, and many of them are a complete mystery.
Scientists Want To Turn Guantanamo Bay Into A Research Park But for Gitmo to go green, Cuba needs to be on board.
What Your Movements May Reveal About How You'll Get Along With Another Person People who have similar personalities tend to move in the same way, scientists find.
This Is The 'Most Eccentric' Planet Yet Known \u201cIt is a fascinating object!\u201d
What Lab-Grown Human Hearts Could Mean For The Donor Crisis Scientists have successfully used stem cells to generate human heart muscle.
Climate Change Will Ruin Wine Eventually, So You May As Well Drink It All Now Global warming is terrorizing our terroir.
Bob Ebeling, Challenger Engineer Who Forewarned Of Shuttle Disaster, Dead At 89 Ebeling, who blamed himself for 30 years, found peace in the last weeks of his life.
This Is What It Looks Like When A Star Explodes KABOOM!
Tiny Cheetah Cubs Fighting For Survival After Rare C-Section Birth The cubs were born at a Cincinnati zoo earlier this month.
One Trick That Could Help You With 'Mindful Eating' A new study helps to explain why listening to your food while chewing can make you eat less.
Homo Sapiens' Sex With Extinct Species Was No One-Night Stand Scientists say ancient bed-hopping has left a mark on the human genome.
Cuba Has An Ambitious Plan To Protect Its Environment From Tourists As doors open to the island nation, conservation efforts are underway.
Balancing Patient Freedom With Safety And Well Being I have always hated involuntary psychiatric treatment. It is demeaning to human dignity, subject to abuse, and extremely unpleasant both to experience and to recommend. But there are rare times when pressuring someone into treatment becomes the lesser evil, preferable to the risks of suicide, violence, jail or homelessness.
Newborn Tigers Snuggle Up To Mama In Adorable Debut Welcome to the world, little guys!
Why Nature Can Flourish In War Zones These three cases show that the environment can sometimes benefit from conflict.
King Tut Mystery Deepens As Metals, Organic Material Detected Behind Tomb Walls \It could be the discovery of the century.\
NASA Is Going To Burn One Of Its Ships And  Ignite A Giant Fire In Space Because, science.
Prehistoric Puppy Could Provide Clues About Canine Evolution About 12,400 years after its death, this dog is having its day.
NASA Wants To Send Your Art And Poetry Out Of This World (Literally) Your creative expressions could exist in space for thousands of years.
It's Official \It is yet another warning of the urgency of reducing global carbon emissions.\
Memories 'Lost' To Alzheimer's Can Be Recovered, Study Suggests CAMBRIDGE (CBS) \u2013 Researchers at MIT may have made an important breakthrough in the fight against Alzheimer\u2019s Disease.
Dead Bees Tell A Tale Of Dozens Of Pesticides As bee colonies continue to collapse worldwide, a team of European researchers has found that poisoned bees carry a lethal
Spacecraft Lifts Off In Search For Life On Mars The European-Russian mission is the latest to seek out Martian life.
What's Happening In Your Brain During 'Microsleep' Here's what you need to know about one of the most dangerous consequences of sleep deprivation.
Tilikum, SeaWorld's Notorious Killer Whale, Is Near Death The great and fearsome Tilikum, the world\u2019s most famous killer whale, is near the end of his tragedy-filled life.
Astronaut Scott Kelly To Retire From NASA After a year in space, it's time for some well-deserved rest.
Magical Rainbow Ring Caught On Camera From Drone Where's the pot of gold?
10 Photos That Show What Astronaut Scott Kelly's First Week Back On Earth Was Like He enjoyed a slice of apple pie and went to the dentist.
You Might Be Able To Outrun A Supervolcano All those years playing \the floor is lava\ could finally pay off.
Here's Why Getting More Sleep Helps You Appear More Intelligent To Others It also helps you to appear more attractive, scientists say.
Computers Can Now Read Our Body Language Scientists have rigged up computers to detect boredom based on movement.
Molten Salt In Water Goes Kaboom, Like We Hoped It Would \On the third try ... BAM!\
Oklahoma Sets New Limits For Oil And Gas Drillers To Halt Earthquakes Companies may be forced to reduce production to comply.
Lizard Found Preserved In Amber Is 99-Million-Years-Old, Scientists Say \It's kind of a missing link.\
Mother And Calf Of Elusive Whale Species Frolic In New Video The whales were only identified as a distinct species in 2003.
SpaceX Rocket Crashes During Drone Ship Landing -- Again On land
This Adorable, 'Ghostlike' Octopus May Be A New Species The 8-legged creature has been nicknamed \Casper the Friendly Ghost.\
Why Silence Is So Good For Your Brain In a loud and distracting world, finding pockets of stillness can benefit your brain and body. Here are four science-backed reasons why.
19 Amazing Things You Don't Want To Miss In The Night Sky In 2016 If you're a night owl who loves stargazing, 2016 is going to be a busy year for you. This year is packed full of remarkable
NASA Spots Snow On Pluto's Mountain Peaks Now all we need is a spaceship and some skis.
Hubble Space Telescope Shatters Cosmic Distance Record, Spots Oldest Galaxy Ever Found Galaxy GN-z11 is located 13.4 billion light years from Earth.
The Unexpected Reason It's Healthy To Feel Shame Evolutionary psychologists explain why we sometimes get that sinking feeling of not being good enough.
How Scott Kelly Will Have To Readjust To Life On Earth Pass -- don't float -- the ketchup!
Obama Welcomes Heroic Astronaut Back To Earth With A Dad Joke Very punny, Mr. President!
15 Photos From Astronaut's Year In Space That Are Out Of This World Scott Kelly's Twitter feed gave us an incredible view of Earth.
Invasive Species Aren\u2019t Always Unwanted A growing number of scientists are challenging this view.
Hubble Captures Stunning Image Of Blue 'Bubble' In Deep Space The gas cloud circles a star some 30,000 light-years from Earth.
Florida Python Challenge Nets 106 Snakes During Monthlong Hunt Daniel Moniz, who said he took a snakebite to the face while wrestling a 13-footer, snagged two of the top prizes.
8 Awesome Photos That Showcase The Wonders Of Underwater Life These are the winning images of the 2016 Underwater Photographer of the Year contest.
Dolphin Chooses World's Unluckiest Octopus As A Playmate It's all fun and games until someone loses a tentacle.
10 Surprising Ways NASA Technology Has Improved Life On Earth These life-changing innovations came straight from the heavens.
How Living With Someone Makes Your Immune Systems Eerily Similar This is the first time anyone has compared the immune profiles of genetically unrelated people in a close relationship, scientists say.
Amazing Image Shows Pluto's Frozen Canyons Take a closer look at the planet's impressive landscape.
3rd SpaceX Rocket Launch Aborted UPDATE, Feb. 28
You've Never Seen The Milky Way Look Quite Like This Captured by the APEX telescope, it's the most detailed image of our galaxy ever captured from the Southern hemisphere.
SeaWorld Dispatched Employees To Infiltrate Animal Rights Groups Unsurprisingly, PETA is not pleased.
Trust Us, You Don't Want To Be Caught In A Bat Tornado Eek!
How One Doctor Is Waging War On Bulls**t Science It's about time.
Cutting Carbon Emissions Could Save Lives Sooner Than You May Think It could save up to 175,000 people in the U.S. -- and $250 billion -- by 2030.
Study Reveals Stunning Acceleration Of Sea Level Rise The oceans have heaved up and down as world temperatures have waxed and waned, but as new research tracking the past 2,800
How Increasing Drought Threatens Most U.S. Forests And Households It's not just a West Coast problem.
NASA Time-Lapse Video Shows A Year In The Life Of The Sun And it's full-on hypnotic.
The Gorgeous 'Snow Moon' You May Have Missed This Week And what's coming up next in the night sky.
This Is The Longest-Lasting Stellar Eclipse Ever Observed Say hello to the longest-lasting stellar eclipse ever observed.
Polar Bears Meet For First Time And Become Instant BFFs When Nobby met Nissan ...
Drought Costs Californians An Extra $2 Billion In Electricity Expenses A new report from the Pacific Institute has tallied how four years of drought has impacted electricity prices and pollution
The California Drought's Alarming Toll On Forests Asner converted the 3-D images his equipment captured into topographic maps, which left little doubt about the hot spots
First Look At The Adorable Baby Rhino Born At Toronto Zoo Cuteness alert!
Richard Branson Returns To Passenger Space Travel Race With New Craft The \Unity\ was named by British physicist Stephen Hawking.
This Health Condition May Afflict Half The World By 2050 Soaring nearsightedness -- driven by staring at computer screens -- \is a true global health crisis.\
The Right Way To Care For Your Contacts, According To Chemistry We can't believe we have to say this, but don't store them in beer.
NASA Received An Earth-Shattering Number Of Astronaut Applications A lot of Americans want to leave the planet, apparently.
NASA Has High Hopes For Powerful New Telescope The Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope is meant to solve the mysteries of dark energy and seek out distant planets.
12 Absolutely Stunning Photos Of Earth Taken From Space I'm just gonna go ahead and say that the ISS might just be the greatest photography vantage point ever.
Octopus Valentine's Day Sex Session Scrapped Over Cannibalism Fears The Seattle Aquarium said the 70-pound cephalopod could end up eating rather than mating with the smaller octopus.
Skiers Stumble Across Endangered Snow Leopard Isn't skiing scary enough?
Care For A Swim? Tens Of Thousands Of Sharks Pack Florida Coast \You could throw a pebble and literally strike a shark.\
An Iceberg The Size Of Rome May Have Killed 150,000 Penguins (UPDATE) But one penguin researcher says they may have just relocated.
These NASA Space Tourism Posters Take Us To Infinity And Beyond Is this what our vacations may one day look like?
From Space, Earth Looks Sickly And Fragile, Astronaut Says Scott Kelly, the commander of the International Space Station, returns from his mission March 1.
World's Oldest Wild Bird Hatches Yet Another Chick Scientists call her \an iconic symbol of inspiration and hope.\
This \u2018Death Suit\u2019 Makes Burials Eco- And Wallet-Friendly With the rise of electric cars, sustainable architecture, eco-friendly diets, composting, and countless other options, forging
Cockroaches Are Even Faster, Tougher And Ickier Than We Thought Scientists are building a robot just like 'em to find disaster victims.
Asteroid's Upcoming 'Brush' Past Earth Is Nothing To Worry About NASA says there\u2019s no danger the space rock will slam into our planet.
Sakurajima Volcano Shoots Out Lava, Ash And Lightning During Eruption \I'm not scared because I'm used to it.\
Researchers Find More Women Buried At Stonehenge Than Men \As far as the burials go, women were as prominent there as men.\
Adorable Polar Bear Cub Nora Grows Up Before Your Very Eyes Cuteness alert!
Listen To Sally Ride Talk To Gloria Steinem About Facing Sexism As An Astronaut Plus there's a beautifully animated film to bring life to the 1983 conversation.
Vintage Floral X-Rays Reveal The True Beauty Of Our Favorite Flowers These are some of the most striking and unique floral images in history.
The Surprising Way Ships' Wakes Could Help Ease Global Warming It's all about making the Earth's surface more reflective.
Your Face Wash Is Killing Oysters Microplastics could be harming future generations of these helpful bivalves.
Science Explains Why The 5-Second Rule Is Actually True *As long as the food and surface are dry.
How Much This Little Guy (And Other Animals) Sleep May Shock You Here are the sleeping habits of seven animals, including ourselves.
How Mood Lighting Is Saving Florida\u2019s Endangered Sea Turtles Sea turtles are faithful\u2014to their nesting beaches, that is. Females of all seven sea turtle species return to the same beach
How Astronauts Respond To Emergencies In Space It can be a dangerous place.
Explore Mars In 360 Degrees With Rover's New Interactive Photo Curiosity captures the Red Planet in all its glory.
Yes, The Calorie Is Broken. Here's Why. Calories consumed minus calories burned
Far-Out Photos Reveal The Beautiful Bacteria Living In Our Teeth Here's a fluorescent look at the ecosystem in your mouth.
Billionaire Paul Allen's Yacht Wrecks Cayman Islands Coral Reef He faces fines of up to $600,000.
Zika Virus Is At Least 50 Years Old. Here's Why You're Only Hearing About It Now. An infectious disease specialist explains all you need to know.
NASA's Curiosity Rover Snaps Another Stunning 'Selfie' On Mars #humblebrag.
30 Years After Explosion, Challenger Engineer Still Blames Himself Thirty years ago, as the nation mourned the loss of seven astronauts on the space shuttle Challenger, Bob Ebeling was steeped
How A Firm Helps Small Communities Remove Contamination From Their Water John Pujol and his team at SimpleWater, a Berkeley-based engineering firm, have developed a new way to put contaminated wells
A Giant Gas Cloud Is Coming Toward Us At 700,000 Miles Per Hour We only have 30 million years until it plows into the Milky Way.
Feds Scrap Grand Vision To Expand Marine Sanctuary In Hawaii After six years of planning, NOAA failed to secure necessary state support.
Memories Still Fresh On 30th Anniversary Of The Challenger Disaster \The Challenger crew was pulling us into the future, and we'll continue to follow them,\ said President Ronald Reagan at the time.
Shielding Students From Stereotypes Helps Way More Than We Thought Focusing on just a few can impact an entire classroom, a new study shows.
Trash-Talking Stephen Hawking Takes On Paul Rudd In Quantum Chess \I will crush you like an ant, man\
Scientists Take Major Step Toward Understanding Schizophrenia A breakthrough discovery sheds light on the genetic basis of the devastating disease.
A Bioengineered Tree Could Revive America's Once-Vast Chestnut Forests A century ago, towering forests of chestnut trees blanketed the East Coast of the United States. Then a fungus that hitched
Four Graphics (And A Book) That Help Explain Climate Change 2015 was the world's warmest year, but these charts tell the long story about the climate.
It's Doomsday Clock Time Again The much-hyped virtual timepiece will stay at three minutes to \midnight\\u2014but what does that actually mean?
Why It's Impossible To Focus When You Haven't Slept Sleep and attention regulate each other \like yin and yang.\
Breathtaking Photos Show 'Snowmageddon' Blizzard From Space Dramatic photos show the East Coast's wintry transformation after being hit with hurricane-force winds and several feet of snow.
I Gave Up Coffee For A Week. Here's Why I Won't Be Going Back. I'm going to approach coffee like I do desserts -- every once in a while. \ud83c\udf70 \u2615\ufe0f
'Bombshell' Study Shows Our Brains Are Even More Awesome Than We Knew The human brain's memory capacity has been shown to be 10 times greater than previous research had suggested.
Researchers Unearth Shocking Hunter-Gatherer Massacre Scene The findings challenge our understanding of the roots of conflict.
Evidence Grows For Giant Planet On Fringes Of Solar System A century after observatory founder Percival Lowell speculated that a \u2018Planet X\u2019 lurks at the fringes of the Solar System
Tiny Quantum Dots May Spell Doom For Deadly Superbug Infections Scientists say the light-activated nanoparticles wipe out infectious bacteria without harming healthy cells
A New Study Questions The Link Between Teen Pot Smoking And IQ Decline \Pot smoking may be merely a symptom of something else that's really responsible for a brainpower effect.\ Whoa.
Easy Ways To Recognize And Treat Canine Arthritis One of the most important parts of being a pet owner is looking out for my pet\u2019s health and well-being.
Hawking Warns We're Facing A Disaster In Next Thousand Or Ten Thousand Years But it doesn't have to be the end of humankind.
Democratic Candidates Stand Up For A Little Idea Called Science Watch Bernie call out The Donald for his climate change \theory.\
North Atlantic Right Whale, One Of The World's Rarest, Spotted Off South Carolina There are a little more than 500 of these majestic whales left.
That Space Flower Is Still A Big Deal, Even If It's Not The First (UPDATED) Now it's even more pathetic if you can't keep your desk plant alive.
Adorable Panda Cub Bei Bei Makes A Very Sleepy Public Debut Nap time, all the time.
SpaceX Rocket Botches Landing At Sea After Successful Launch One out of four isn't bad when you're trying to land a rocket vertically.
Animals Kept In Deep Freeze For 30 Years Brought Back To Life One of the revived tardigrades even managed to reproduce.
All 5 Bright Planets To Be Visible From Earth At The Same Time Mercury, Venus, Saturn, Mars and Jupiter will align for first time in a decade.
Leaf-Cutter Ants Obliterate Roses In Mesmerizing Time Lapse Video This will make you feel itchy.
'Man Flu' Stories Show How We Make Women's Health All About Dudes A new study had important findings for women, but all we heard about was \man flu.\
'Spermbots' Are A Thing, And They Could Boost Fertility These tiny robots can deliver poor swimmers to an egg, scientists say.
No, The Powerball Jackpot Isn't Enough To Give Everyone $4.3 Million Dividing up the winnings would give everyone less. A lot less.
The Incredible Story Of How America Saved A National Treasure From Extinction There are few creatures in the world as majestic as the bald eagle. That\u2019s part of the reason that, out of all of the animals
'Bowie' The Baby Penguin Is Adorable Tribute To Late Legendary Star The fluffy chick received its new name before the British icon died.
This Is The Great Barrier Reef Like You've Never Seen It Before David Attenborough uses new technologies to create an interactive journey, highlighting the perils of climate change.
Here's What Happened When I Slept For An Extra Hour Each Night You're supposed to get eight hours of nightly rest. I tried that out for a week.
Here's Why Scientists Are Giving Tiny Glasses To Insects Have you ever seen a praying mantis look so chic?
Dinosaurs May Have Danced Like Lovebirds To Woo Their Mates Newly discovered footprints and scrape marks might be linked to the mating ritual, researchers say.
The World Of Science Has A Lot To Look Forward To In 2016 The conquest of space is just getting started.
Sharks Follow Their Noses For A Lot More Than Just Prey, Study Finds And we thought their teeth were scary....
Light From A Black Hole Seen With A Telescope For The First Time The black hole awakened after 26 years of inactivity.
This One Simple Change Can Boost Your Motivation, According To Science Simply having fun plays a big role in motivating your behavior.
The Science Behind How Cute 'Tuxedo' Cats Get Their Patchy Fur How piebald patches form on animal fur might help us better understand genetic diseases in humans.
Incredible Illustration Captures Entire Known Universe While poking fun at astronomer Carl Sagan in a now infamous sketch, comedy duo Tim and Eric once stated you wouldn't want
Endangered Green Sea Turtles Return To Florida In Record Numbers Thousands of the enormous animals showed up to nest at a favorite beach last year.
If David Attenborough Could Be Any Animal, Here's What He'd Pick It seems like he's a little conflicted.
Curiosity Captures 360-Degree Panorama From Martian Dune The Mars rover is currently exploring the red planet's active Bagnold Dunes.
Koko The Gorilla Probably Doesn't Understand Climate Change A scientist called the recent viral video of Koko \highly misleading.\
Revolutionary War-Era Ship Unearthed At D.C.-Area Construction Site \It makes you wonder what else is hidden and underneath our ground here.\
A Mesmerizing Look Back At Earth's Strongest Storms Of 2015 NASA shares an up-close look at 41 storms.
We Now Know How Tiny Lizards Defy Gravity With Their Gargantuan Tongues Evolution gave these little guys one of most explosive movements in the entire animal kingdom -- and it's terrifying.
This Breathtaking Photo Shows Two Galaxies Merging Together The Hubble Space Telescope captured the spectacular sight.
How Earth Changed In 2015 From raging forest fires to dwindling snowmelt to the extraordinary birth of new ocean islands.
This Video May Help You Wrap Your Head Around 'Quantum Foam' Thanks, NASA!
Space Junk Soars Across Sky In Video Filmed Using Selfie Stick Debris from a Russian rocket caused the spectacular sight, says scientist.
The Surprising Benefit Of Going Through Hard Times Psychologists studying post-traumatic growth find that many people come to thrive in the aftermath of adversity.
Southern U.S. States Face Floods As Midwest Rivers Recede Midwest floods typically occur in the spring as snowmelt swells rivers.
Outer Space Is Coming To Postage Stamps Near You Pluto, the moon and Star Trek will be featured in 2016 stamp collections.
Changing And Unchanging Cycles Since we arbitrarily impose a beginning and an end on our equitable distribution of days, let's reflect on some of the cycles that dominate our existence
Doctors Change Teenage Burn Victim\u2019s Life With A 3D-Printed Nose The procedure is the first of its kind in the U.S.
Sorry, But Cinderella's Glass Slippers Would've Shattered Also, spoiler alert, magic owls are magic.
The Final Countdown Researchers say Mexico\u2019s 24-month ban on fishing in the endangered marine mammal\u2019s habitat may not be enough to save it.
How To Prevent And Cure Hangovers, According To Science Just in case you party too hard on New Year's Eve.
Congress Pushes NASA To Build Deep Space Habitat For Mars Mission By 2018 The agency has received $55 million for the project.
These Are NASA's Favorite Earth Photos Of 2015, And They're Quite Spectacular The images were taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station.
SeaWorld Sues California Authorities Over Orca Breeding Ban SeaWorld claims the ban would effectively end its popular killer whale shows.
Humans Actually Did Some Good Stuff For The Planet In 2015 All is not lost ... yet.
North Pole Temperature Jumps Above Freezing From Bizarre Storms It's unusually warm for being the North Pole.
New Type Of Moon Rock Discovered By China's Yutu Lunar Rover Findings may be key to unlocking the origins of Earth's nearest neighbor.
Great White Shark Stuns Florida Fishermen By Stealing Their Fish This 25-pound snapper came with a catch.
Noted Psychiatrist Robert Spitzer Dies At 83 Gay-rights activists credit him with removing homosexuality from list of mental disorders.
Video Shows Stingray Giving Birth Inside Fishermen's Boat The mom and her dozen or so babies were later thrown back into the water.
8 Fascinating Things We Learned About The Mind In 2015 Memory erasing is just the beginning.
Well East Coast, You Certainly Didn't Get A White Christmas Temperature records were shattered around the U.S.
British Astronaut Is Sorry For Dialing Wrong Number From Space Smooth move, astronaut.
Royal Society Meeting to Discuss Evolution Paradigm Shift, What That Means for Science and for All Sir Paul Nurse has just completed his five-year term as president of the Royal Society. The Nobel laureate and molecular biologist has been succeeded by Nobel laureate Sir Venkatraman \Venki\ Ramakrishnan, who is a structural biologist.
A Typical Christmas Tree May Not Be What You Think If you think it's a pine, just watch this.
Troublesome Leak Grounds NASA's Next Mission To Mars Duct tape won't fix it apparently.
Why This Mysterious Fungus Has People Talking Its unusual appearance has a lot to do with it.
Why This Newly Discovered Shark Is A Real Ninja The jet-black creature also glows in the dark.
This Is What The Holiday Season Does To Your Brain Giving, gratitude and all that sugar can make you feel awesome. But the winter blues are real, too.
Super-Colossal Space Tail Is Way Bigger Than The Milky Way Astronomers say the ribbon-like structure is more than twice as long as our home galaxy is wide.
Santa's Robot Reindeer Are The Literal Nightmare Before Christmas Now they're coming for us.
Third Whale This Year Dies At SeaWorld San Antonio The 18-year-old orca had been sick for months.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Fact-Checked The New 'Star Wars' Movie And fans were quick to accuse him of ruining the fun.
Another Extremely Rare Venomous Sea Snake Washes Up On California's Coast This is only the fifth time a yellow-bellied sea snake has been found in California.
This Could Be 'One Of The Warmest Christmas Days Of Your Lifetime' Baby, it's warm outside.
This Salamander Is Thought To Be The Longest On Earth Karlo lives at Prague Zoo in the Czech Republic.
Warm Winter Weather Making Some Animals Vulnerable To Predators It's a scary year if you're a snowshoe hare.
Gorgeous New NASA Image Shows Earth 'Rising' Over The Moon A reminder that our little planet is pretty dang beautiful.
These 9 Discovered Species Made 2015 A Dinomite Year One species has been described as \feathery, fluffy, winged Chickens from Hell.\
In Hawaii, You Can Actually Hear Evolution In Action Show this video to anyone who doubts Darwin.
Study Shows Dogs Exhibit Human-Like Altruism, Especially For Their Friends \u201cGood dog\u201d is getting a whole new meaning.
Hubble Telescope Spots A Double-Bladed Celestial 'Lightsaber' Even the universe is excited about the new \Star Wars\ movie, it seems.
Here's How Humans Evolved To Be Really Efficient Sleepers We've got shut-eye down pat.
NASA Captures Incredible 'Blooming' In Atlantic Ocean Mother Nature dazzles again.
An Eerie, Jupiter-Like Storm Is Raging On This Distant Star This giant whirlwind has lasted for two years already.
Republicans Just Don't Get Climate Science, And Here's Proof This video mashup will make you laugh... and cry.
The Moon, Venus And Comet Catalina Shine In Beautiful Space Photograph The captivating shot was taken from a farmer's field in Georgia.
The Air That May Make You Fat Some puzzling studies appear to show that tiny airborne particles may contribute to obesity, diabetes and heart disease. Should we be concerned?
Autism? Trauma? There's A Virus For That. New gene-editing techniques could lead us to a post-pill era.
Here's How To Watch The Geminid Meteor Shower As long as it's not cloudy.
Polar Bear Cub Sleeps And Dreams With Cuddly Toy In Adorable Clip Captivating video shows the 5-week-old stretching out and making cute noises.
Will NASA Really Take Humans to Mars in the 2030s Like The Martian Movie? We have only existed a short time on this planet, and we know other species, such as the dinosaurs, did not survive due to planetary changes. That makes the study of other planets, and the ability to travel to them, crucial to the future of human existence.
Why Pulling All-Nighters For The U.N. Climate Agreement Is A Bad Idea Science shows that sleep deprivation can ruin your decision-making.
This New Technology May Hold Clues To Stopping Viruses It tracks the way that viruses assemble.
Scientists May Have Discovered A New Kind Of Humpback Whale Sound One theory is that the sounds could be related to mating.
First Penis Transplants In U.S. Planned For Wounded Soldiers \Some hope to father children. I think that is a realistic goal.\
Take A Look Inside Yellowstone, One Of America's Wildest Places \Wild Yellowstone\ showcases the breathtaking beauty of America's first national park.
This Is What Earth Would Be Like Without The Moon Humans might never have existed.
Scientists Reveal The Secret Key To Charisma If you can think on your feet, a new study suggests that you're in luck.
You Should Know How The Male Brain Reacts To Handling A Gun The evolutionary psychology of mass shootings.
This Astronaut Is Going To Run The London Marathon In Space Tim Peake will attempt the course virtually as he orbits the Earth at about 17,000 miles per hour.
Songbird's Secret Dancing Skills Seen For First Time In Stunning Slow-Mo The moves are so fast they can barely be seen with the human eye.
At Least Global Warming Is Good For Someone! Study finds rising temperatures benefit Alaskan snowshoe hares and possibly moose -- but don't get too excited.
Climate Summit Gets Heat For Huge Carbon Footprint, But It's Not All Bad Let's put the numbers in perspective.
Scientists Warn Climate Change Will Trigger Rise In Terrifying Illness Think twice before ordering the snapper.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Weighs In On The Ultimate Sci-Fi Debate Brace yourself for his answer, \Star Wars\ fans.
Black Hole Eats A Star The Size Of Our Sun... And Burps The belch set out a jet of matter moving at nearly the speed of light.
Exposure To Nature May Reduce Crime, Strengthen Communities Communities where people see and spend more time in nature have higher levels of cohesion.
How Scientists Know Climate Change Is Happening The Paris climate conference will set nations against each other, and kick off huge arguments over economic policies, green
What You Need To Know About The Paris Climate Summit It\u2019s do-or-die time for climate change efforts as world leaders converge on the French capital.
Getting Down and Dirty With Big Healthcare Data Humans are fallible. Humans entering data into healthcare records are no different. Even if there is internal reliability (within a hospital), in the era of data sharing across institutions on variable EHRs, there is increasing room for error.
How Controversial Gene Editing Could Lead To Groundbreaking Cures This technology may change the way we think of some of the world's most challenging diseases.
Loneliness Is Bad For You, And This Study May Help Explain Why Feeling lonely may trigger changes in our cells that could make us more susceptible to illness.
Scientists Unlock Mysteries Of World's Most Massive Volcano The underwater mountain is roughly the size of New Mexico.
Get The Thrill Of A Safari Without Ever Leaving Home Twice a day, viewers can travel live to the bush from the comfort of their living room.
Science Has Determined How Not To Look Stupid Here are the three most common forms of \stupidity.\ You're welcome.
The One Thing You Probably Didn't Know About Genetic Inheritance Contrary to common belief, a child can inherit more than just genes from their parents.
'Falling Fruit' Map Helps Foragers Find Their Next Free Meal Who says nothing in life is free?
Why Wild Turkeys Hate The Wild When the birds were reintroduced to New England after a long absence, they chose to live in cities instead of the forests they once called home.
How Fake Meat May Change Our Future Thanksgiving Dinners Even if you're not a vegetarian, we might all be eating fake meat by 2050.
The Mystery Of Alaska's Sea Otter Deaths Continue To Baffle Scientists \It\u2019s scary to know there\u2019s something out there in the wild that we may or may not be able to do anything about.\
10 Mind-Boggling Science Facts That Will Make You Feel Grateful Thanks, science.
Scientists Reveal Secret Behind Army Ants' Bridge-Building Ways The research could inspire new robotics.
Homo Naledi may be Two Million Years Old (Give or Take) There has been global interest in the announcement of new fossils from a cave called Rising Star in the Cradle of Humankind World Heritage Site in South Africa. These fossils may represent a new species of the genus Homo.
Here's How Astronauts On The ISS Will Celebrate Thanksgiving Irradiated smoked turkey, anyone?
Take A Spin Around Pluto In One Amazing Space Image A day in the life of the dwarf planet.
Adorable Newborn Pygmy Hippo Learns How To Swim Cuteness overload alert!
Award-Winning Photos Show Just How Breathtaking Biology Can Be The 10 images represent some of the best nature photography in the world.
Security Camera Films Meteor Streaking Across Ohio Sky The spectacular display was seen from as far away as Wisconsin, Missouri and Michigan.
Mesmerizing NASA Animation Shows Our Planet's Yearly Plant Cycle Scientists are hoping to better understand how plants absorb carbon on a global scale.
Scientists Map Acorn Worm DNA, And Learn A Lot About Humans In The Process Turns out we share DNA with a lot of unexpected critters -- and bananas.
Pecking Pigeons Detect Breast Cancer Through food reinforcement training, the birds had a \remarkable ability\ to distinguish malignant and benign tissue.
NIH Retires All Its Research Chimps, Ending Controversial Program \We have moved on from the time when research on chimpanzees was considered essential.\
Space Lawyers Are A Thing, And We Talked To One About The Future Of Cosmic Mining Dr. Frans von der Dunk weighs in on the space bill that just passed Congress and what exactly being a \space lawyer\ entails.
This Tooth Holds New Clues About Our Prehistoric Relatives \Their teeth are large and quite different in that they lack features typical of present-day humans and also features typical of Neanderthals.\
Why Eating Slowly Really Does Make Food Taste Better It has to do with how you breathe during meals, a new study shows.
Scientists Discover How Bats Land Upside Down \The more we observe flight behavior in bats, the more we are impressed.\
How One Man's Face Became Another Man's Face For the moment, the face belongs to no one. It floats in a bowl of icy, hemodynamic preserving solution, paused midway on
18 Habits Of Highly Creative People Great artists, writers and innovators may have \messier minds.\
Scientists Find New Clues In Old Mystery Of How Earth Got Its Water Water may have been a part of our planet's history since the beginning.
Space Debris To Collide With Earth On Friday The 13th But don't worry.
This Astronaut's Bagpipes Performance Is Out Of This World He played \Amazing Grace\ as a tribute to his late friend and colleague.
Colorful NASA Image Shows Off Pluto\u2019s Psychedelic Side The vibrant picture highlights the many subtle color differences on the planetoid's surface.
This Is What Happens When A 'Zombie' Star Eats A Space Rock It's teaching us a lot about the future of our solar system.
Venus-Like Planet Sheds New Light On Alien Atmospheres \This planet is going to be a favorite target of astronomers for years to come.\
Weather On This Odd Space Object Is Cloudy With A Chance Of Molten Rain The methods used to find this alien world, which has no host star, could help us to better identify life-sustaining objects in the future.
How We'd Survive The Post-Apocalyptic World In 'Fallout' If we survive the radiation, then we'll need to make power, water and food.
Your Cat's Grooming Habits Could Solve A Huge Problem In Technology A new study classifies the many unique ways mammals and insects keep clean.
Ice-Spewing Volcanoes On Pluto Leave Scientists Baffled \Nothing like this has ever been seen in the outer solar system.\
SeaWorld Doesn't Seem To Understand Its Business Is Over The world now knows wild animals should stay in the wild.
Scientists Unearth Fossils Of Rats The Size Of Small Dogs What researchers really find intriguing, though, is why they died out.
Jupiter May Be To Blame For The Fate Of Our Solar System's Missing Planet The planet -- which would have been our solar system's fifth giant -- had a bumpy ride on its way out, scientists say.
Neuroscientist And Former Addict Explains What We Get Wrong About Addiction He says addiction is \not a disease\ -- and recognizing that may be the first step to better treating it.
Fighting Pests With Sounds Waves, Not Pesticides Researchers invent a device that uses acoustics to mimic the mating call of an insect devastating Florida's orange groves
Inside The NASA Mission To Answer 'What Is Life?' On the banks of Pavilion, I am perpetually buzzed by iridescent blue dragonflies, while a loon paddles by. After two days
Super Strypi Rocket Explodes During Inaugural Flight From Hawaii Thirteen satellites were destroyed in the launch.
Hawaii Makes Another Big Move Toward 100 Percent Renewable Energy From the behemoths on down, utility-scale solar is having a moment.
This Gas Exoplanet Is Evaporating To Reveal A Rocky Core The miniature world -- some 30 light-years from Earth -- could have exotic features like diamond rain and scorching hot oceans.
Humans Feel Empathy For Robots, Scientists Find Researchers in Japan discover neurological evidence that we empathize with robots \in pain.\
Teen Who Works At NASA And Has 2 Degrees Says He's No 'Genius' He graduated from community college at 11 years old.
Drunk Settlers To Blame For Aussie Accent, Lecturer Says It's a highly controversial theory among other academics.
New NASA Photo Shows A Crescent Pluto In All Its Glory The backlit image gives us a new look at the dwarf planet.
Study Predicts Grim Future For Hawaii's Rarest Forest Birds More bad news out of the \extinction capital of the world.\
How Becoming An Expert Can Make You Closed-Minded Beware of this major downside to acquiring expertise.
Dark Matter And The Dinosaurs Though both dark matter and dinosaurs are independently fascinating, you might reasonably assume that this unseen physical substance and this popular biological icon are entirely unrelated. And this might well be the case. But the Universe is by definition a single entity and in principle its components interact.
Can An Astrophysicist Change The Way We Watch Sports? If Mark Cuban has his way, we\u2019re about to find out.
Scientists Are Seriously Worried About Whale Poop, And Here's Why The waste of large animals plays a vital role in keeping our planet fertile.
Thermite-Filled Pumpkins Explode Into Fireballs, And It's Wicked Fun Jack-o-lantern tension comes to a head.
This Game Can Make People Less Prejudiced. Here's How. It only works if you don't know it's trying to work.
WATCH Metallic microlattice is the lightest material known to science. It\u2019s 99.9% air by volume and 100 times lighter than Styrofoam
Scientist Featured On 'Humans Of New York' Can Put Your Immune System Into A Mouse's Body We caught up with Nichole Danzi to talk about her work on autoimmunity.
9 Ways You May Not Realize Dead Bodies Help Make Our Lives Better Make sure to thank the dead this Halloween.
These Photos Show How The World Might Look To A Person With Autism \They don't look at most things in a typical way.\
Ancient Fossil Of Bizarre Pig-Snouted Turtle Unearthed In Utah \It\u2019s one of the weirdest turtles that ever lived.\
Astronomers Spy Two Massive Stars 'Smooching' Each Other To Death The newly discovered stars could either merge together or die in supernova explosions, leaving behind black holes.
SeaWorld Orca Mom Too 'Depressed' To Nurse Her Calf, Experts Say In a new video, Kasatka appears to behave \abnormally\ towards her baby.
Watch This Rare Black Rhino Give Birth It's a boy!
Scientists May One Day Treat Schizophrenia By Targeting Brain Inflammation An important finding opens up new avenues for treating and preventing the psychotic disorder.
There's A Huge 'Hole' In The Sun And This Is What It Looks Like The coronal hole recently triggered several auroras here on Earth.
El Ni\u00f1o Brings Extremely Venomous Sea Snakes To California The snakes have made themselves at home in the abnormally warm water off the California coast.
Drivers Show Signs Of Racial Bias At Crosswalks, Initial Study Finds The researchers are currently conducting a bigger study on the subject.
This Swimsuit Cleans The Ocean As You Swim California scientists have created an absorbent nanosponge material that can be sewn into swimwear and wet suits to soak
Humongous Sunfish Dwarfs Divers As scary as it may appear, the gargantuan creature poses no threat to humans.
UVA Discovers Hidden Chemistry Lab Thomas Jefferson Designed \This may be the oldest intact example of early chemical education in this country.\
Watch Sound Make A Liquid Droplet Levitate A strong acoustic field can do some crazy things to a drop of liquid
When Butterflies Shouldn't Fly Free Scientists find that releasing captive-bred monarch butterflies can unwittingly spread disease to healthy populations of
12-Year-Old Films Pod Of Killer Whales Attacking A Dolphin Behold the awesome power of Mother Nature's hierarchy.
The Most Mysterious Star In Our Galaxy Astronomers have spotted a strange mess of objects whirling around a distant star. Scientists who search for extraterrestrial
Now You Can Watch Amazing Stop Motion Video of Apollo Space Missions Don't miss these incredible high-resolution images from the Project Apollo Archive.
Let's Talk About Vaccines And Science The results of the latest study about vaccines and autism are in, and they're not surprising.
Deaths Of California Mountain Lions Spell Trouble For The Struggling Species Tragedy has struck California\u2019s mountain lions once again, with three deaths in as many weeks highlighting how difficult
This Easy Trick Can Boost Your Mood And Help You Avoid Colds Oddly enough, it can improve your performance in job interviews and at work, too.
Mysterious 'Ripples' Zooming Away From Nearby Star Baffle Scientists The waves seen around AU Mic are \unlike anything ever seen, or even predicted, before.\
Hundreds Of New Species Have Been Found In The Himalayas In The Last 5 Years Talk about biodiversity -- you couldn't make these creatures up!
Pluto Has Blue Skies And Red Ice, NASA Says The distant dwarf planet just keeps surprising us.
Depressing New Study Shows Know-It-Alls Get Better Grades Just when you thought they couldn't be any more annoying.
Psychologists Push For Smartphone Warning Labels Technology addiction may be the next big public health issue.
Candle Soot May Be The Key To A Better Battery For Electric Cars The discovery could also help us fight pollution and global warming.
Here's Where NASA Might Go For Its Next Space Mission Venus is on its radar.
For Staving Off Depression, Talking Face To Face Trumps Email And Phone A new study shows social interactions can help ward off depression -- but only when they're in person.
Here's How To Watch The Draconid Meteor Shower A new moon will create near-ideal viewing conditions on Oct. 8 and 9.
China Is Genetically Engineering Mini Pigs To Sell As Pets The $1,600 mini pigs are created using gene-editing techniques and cloning.
11 Science Facts That Seem More Like Science Fiction These days it's hard to tell reality from make-believe!
This Machine Will Create The Largest Manmade Waves In The World Sorry dude, no surfing.
Hurricane Joaquin Looks Totally Surreal From Space Scott Kelly is at it again.
Stunning New Charon Photos Reveal Pluto Moon's Violent Past Craters, sure, but Charon's surface also features mountains, landslides, and a gigantic canyon.
If You Like To Blow S*** Up, Check Out These Chemistry GIFs Blammo!
Watch NASA's 'Mars Mystery Solved' Press Briefing Right Here Find out what the space agency has up its sleeve...
RECAP Don't miss the show
New Study Decodes When Working From Home Is Actually Productive Researchers found there are a few key things that indicate whether it's a good idea for an employee to work remotely.
7 Keys To A Happy, Healthy Brain Take care of your noggin and you'll be sharp as a tack at age 95!
Say Hello To One Of Our Neighbors, Sculptor Dwarf Galaxy This elusive galaxy sits only 280,000 light-years from Earth.
Richard Dawkins Accuses Ahmed Mohamed Of Committing 'Fraud' Dawkins thinks the teenager had a plan to go viral.
Invisibility Cloak May Be Moving Closer To Reality Scientists say they have successfully tested an ultra-thin invisibility cloak.
What Exactly Is The Microwave Doing To Your Food? Here's The Science Don't worry, scientists say microwaved food can be just as nutritious as conventionally cooked food.
Oceanographers from U.S. and German GEOTRACES Meet in the High Arctic Ninety five percent of Earth's water lies in the ocean, and on a planet dominated by saltwater, mapping the chemistry of the global ocean requires a global effort.
Watch These Guys Make A Shockingly Huge Model Of Our Solar System It'll make you feel small in the most beautiful way.
Knobby-Faced Beast May Be Earliest Known To Stand Tall On All Fours Scientists say this prehistoric reptile was unlike any other on the supercontinent Pangea.
'Lost' GoPro Records Stunning Grand Canyon Footage From Edge Of Space The camera reached an altitude of nearly 100,000 feet.
Is Obamacare Punishing Hospitals The Wrong Way? A new study finds flaws in Medicare's effort to reduce hospital readmissions.
Alabama Students Will Finally Be Required To Learn About Climate Change And Evolution \We still have to teach what the science is.\
Why This Trailblazing Astronaut Never Dreamed Of Going To Space \I never had doubt that women could do any of this stuff.\
These Spectacular Nature Photos 'Evoke A Sense Of Time & Origins' Prepare to be filled with awe.
Study Predicts 200 Feet Of Sea Level Rise If All Fossil Fuels Are Burned \This is humanity as a geologic force.\
Starry-Eyed Scientists Discover 'Beast Of A Galaxy Cluster' This thing is a star-making machine.
Who Says Funny Women Aren't Sexy? Psychologists find that humor makes men -- but not women -- appear more attractive to potential romantic partners.
For Some Cancers, Experts Increasingly Favor A 'Wait And See' Approach To Treatment Recent studies have shown that doctors may be overdiagnosing, and overtreating, some types of cancer.
'Ice Age' Fossils Found In California Construction Site Mammoths, bisons and turtles \u2014\u00a0oh my!
Strange Fireball Explodes Over Bangkok Sky No, it's not an alien invasion.
Sorry, But Your Cat Really Doesn't Need You Around New research shows felines don\u2019t feel much for their owners.
Remains Of Prehistoric Monument Discovered Near Stonehenge \Everything written previously about the Stonehenge landscape and the ancient monuments within it will need to be re-written.\
13 Top Scientists' Favorite Books And Movies Everything from comic books to classic films inspired these bright minds.
Depression Might Literally Color The Way We See The World (UPDATE) It's possible that feeling sad can make the world appear more gray.
Pinker's Damn Clearly not all experts or genetics researchers are inclined to take the low road by participating in such ethically unacceptable activities.
Scientists Use DNA 'Velcro' To Print Human Tissue In The Lab A new technique could one day solve the intractable problem of organ shortages.
Mars One Mission Called 'Unsustainable,' And Here's Why We might be able to live on Mars one day, but it won't be easy.
Dione Crosses Saturn's Disk In Spectacular New Image The photo was captured from approximately 1.4 million miles away.
Freaky 'Terminator'-Style Material May Lead To Safer Space Travel You simply can't leave a hole in this stuff.
Here's What's Next For NASA's New Horizons Spacecraft The craft could flyby another amazing object as soon as January 1st.
Watch Astronauts' Violent Return To Earth From Inside Their Space Capsule The three-hour trip from the ISS is loud and surprisingly bumpy.
Are Obese People Wired To Crave High-Calorie Foods? A new study finds food addiction may be hard-wired into the brain.
Watch This Corpse Flower Bloom Or Else Wait Another 5 Years Stinky Phil attracts crowds that want to get a whiff.
Oliver Sacks, Neurologist And Author, Dies At 82 \I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return.\
South Dakota's Underground Lakes May Hold Purest Water On Earth Wind Cave National Park's lakes are located hundreds of feet beneath the Black Hills
Scientists Find A Way To Combat Racial Bias Among Little Kids A new study suggests a technique to stop stereotyping before it's ingrained.
Neil deGrasse Tyson Describes The 'Morbidly Funny' Death You'd Experience In A Black Hole \If you knew you had to die, that's the way you die.\
Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Sees A Mesmerizing River Of Lava Can't. Look. Away.
Psychology\u2019s Fears Confirmed Many psychology findings not as strong as claimed, study shows.
Hawaii Supreme Court Hears Case Against Controversial Telescope The Thirty Meter Telescope is expected to be one of the world's largest.
The Microbes Living In Your Home Say A Lot About You \We live in a microbial zoo.\
Scientists Take Huge Step Toward Universal Flu Vaccine The yearly flu shot could soon be a thing of the past.
Scientists Reveal Secret To Dung Beetles' Impressive Navigation Skills \It\u2019s really beautiful when you get a proper behavior, especially something fun, like a beetle rolling dung balls.\
Does Being Neurotic Really Make You More Creative? These psychologists say there are perks to being an overthinker.
In Katrina's Aftermath, Psychologists Find Trauma As Well As Resilience \Natural disasters and other traumatic events could be engines of growth.\
Fountains Of Fire Used To Erupt On The Moon And Now We Know Why It's just like soda bursting from a shaken-up can.
Ceres' Four-Mile Tall 'Pyramid' Is Closer Than Ever, Still Puzzling \How the mountain formed is not yet understood. It is a big -- VERY BIG -- mystery to us right now.\
Blind People See Race Differently, And Perhaps More Wisely A new study finds that lack of vision may help clarify the truth.
Take A Rare Look At 'World's Biggest Heart' It's \the size of maybe a small golf cart.\
Were Dinosaurs Cold-Blooded Or Warm-Blooded? Or somewhere in between? Scientists aren't really sure.
Who\u2019s The First Person In History Whose Name We Know? \u201cIt\u2019s me!\u201d they\u2019d say, and they\u2019d leave a sign. Leave it on the cave wall. Maybe as a prayer, maybe a graffito, we don\u2019t
This Is What The Center Of Our Galaxy Looks Like Astronomers take an unprecedented, x-ray view of the black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Friendships May Play A Huge Role In Depression Recovery We get by with a little help from our friends.
8 Arrested During Protests Of Second Hawaii Telescope A solar telescope on Maui is facing opposition similar to the Thirty Meter Telescope on the Big Island.
Scientists Confirm That Some Spiders Can Pretty Much BASE Jump Why, Mother Nature? Why?
Whales Are Mysteriously Dying In Alaska \We do not yet know the cause of these strandings.\
Smartphone Lovers More Likely To Forget Things, Walk Into People Stop reading this and go outside!
Your Cell Phone Could Soon Predict Whether You'll Get The Flu A new study harnesses college students' cell phone mania to track the spread of illness.
Researchers Created A Machine That Pukes... For Science, Of Course \This machine may seem odd, but it\u2019s helping us understand a disease that affects millions of people.\
Ashley Madison Hack Could Have A Devastating Psychological Fallout Users of the affair website could face long-lasting emotional trauma.
Here's A Humanoid Robot Taking A Walk In The Woods Don't worry
Here's How Rats End Up In Toilet Bowls Fun fact
A Gunshot Filmed At 73,000 Frames Per Second Is Mesmerizing Slowest gun in the West.
Fertility Clinics Let You Select Your Baby's Sex About one out of five couples who come to HRC Fertility, a network of fertility clinics in Southern California, doesn\u2019t need
Odd 'Scarface' Creature Roamed Earth 255 Million Years Ago The prehistoric carnivore may have had venom-delivering chompers.
Canadian Company Patents Inflatable 'Space Elevator' It would be more than 12 miles high, complete with a runway and launchpad on top.
ISS Astronaut Shares Another Dazzling Northern Lights Video His twitter is a goldmine for space lovers!
Our Solar System May Have Had A Fifth 'Giant' Planet The missing planet bumped into Neptune before disappearing into the abyss of space, according to a new study.
Apes May Be Much Closer To Human Speech Than We Realized Scientists studying Koko the gorilla witnessed a range of remarkable vocal behaviors.
FDA Approval Of Medical Devices Involves Shockingly Little Research A new report casts doubt on the rigor of even the agency's strictest approval processes.
So That's Why Our Eyes Dart Around As We Sleep New sleep study confirms that we see things similarly to when we're awake.
Don't Let This Pile Of Pasta Fool You.. It's Alive! The \flying spaghetti monster\ is actually a complex colony of zooids.
New NASA Photo Shows Saturn In A Whole New Light Saturn the fearsome.
6 Scientists Are About To Spend A Year On 'Mars' It's not quite the red planet, but it's the next best thing.
Here's Why Coffee Makes You Have To Poop It hits you just a few minutes into that first cup.
Millions Of 'Shade Balls' Protect LA's Water During Drought You have to see this to believe it.
In Case You'd Forgotten, Chameleons Are Amazing Scientists keep making incredible discoveries about the colorful creatures.
How Google Glass Could Save Lives In The Hospital ER A new study highlights a surprising application for the troubled product.
Testosterone Therapy Isn't All It's Cracked Up To Be, Study Finds \It's too early to put this stuff in the water supply,\ one researcher says.
Our Extinction Problem May Be Far, Far Worse Than We Think New research suggests that 130,000 species are gone forever.
Rare Sighting Of White Whale Inspires Confusion, Awe In Australia It was as \white as snow.\
Saturn Ring Riddle Finally Solved This is about much more than the planet's rings, too.
Mystery Of Bizarre, Balancing Rocks Just May Be Solved The rocks shed new light on earthquakes and fault lines.
Tour The Dwarf Planet Ceres In This New 3D Video Mystery continues to surround this odd celestial body.
Astronomers Discover Most Distant Galaxy Yet \We are looking at the very first moments of galaxy formation.\
Scientists May Have Isolated The Secret To Staying Healthy Past Age 100 A new study identifies a vital trait to living for (at least) a century.
This Orbiting 'Pac-Man' May Help Solve The Space Junk Problem The video game-inspired spacecraft could catch space debris with one big chomp.
This Star Is So Powerful It Could Rival A Black Hole The star is spewing out powerful jets of material into space.
What Makes Fireflies Light Up? Here's The Whole Story This research has implications beyond the bugs' butts, too.
NASA's Latest Image Of The International Space Station Is Breathtaking Makes you feel small, doesn't it?
Super-Intense Auroras Discovered On Strange Alien World Astronomers say the find may have big implications for the search for alien life.
Africa's Golden 'Jackals' Not Jackals At All, Scientists Say The newly discovered African golden wolf is the first newfound canine in Africa in 150 years.
Physics Is Totally This Cat's Meow The law of cat-servation of momentum.
Astronaut's Bubbly Experiment Shows Off Incredible New ISS Camera NASA just sent a dragon into space -- an Epic Dragon by RED to be exact.
How To See Friday's Rare Blue Moon Look up! It's the second full moon of the month.
How Early-Life Stress Could Increase Risk Of Anxiety And Depression Later In Life Being a stressed-out kid can affect the bacteria in your gut -- which can set you up for mental health problems down the line.
Here's What Made T. Rex's Big, Knife-Like Teeth So Strong Only one modern-day animal has teeth like the carnivorous dinosaur, scientists say.
The History Of The Universe Narrated By Neil DeGrasse Tyson The video simplifies 13.7 billion years.
Top Science Publisher Failing Minority Groups, Industry Leaders Say Being more inclusive is not rocket science.
WATCH Dogs may be man\u2019s best friend, but do you know all there is to know about your beloved pooch?\u00a0 This viral AsapScience video
How Educators Are Starting To Embrace The Concept Of 'Good Screen Time' Video games may not be all bad, and actually could help kids learn about science.
Why We Can't Stop Watching Disgusting Videos From disturbing sexual videos\u00a0to clips of brutal ISIS beheadings, all sorts of disgusting content is available online -- and
Farming May Have Started Way Earlier Than Scientists Thought Researchers have found evidence of plant cultivation at a 23,000-year-old site.
Scientists Find 4-Legged Snake Fossil \It really is a fantastic, very very rare and extremely important fossil for evolutionary studies.\
Turns Out Boa Constrictors Might Not Actually Suffocate Their Prey The prey dies from a loss of circulation, new research suggests.
Just One Night Of Bad Sleep Can Alter Your Genes It's been shown sleep deprivation can affect your genes. A new study suggests just how little it takes.
Here's Why Smelling Cookies Makes You Think Of Grandma's House So how can specific scents make you recall a memory so intensely?
This Wine Chemistry Video Explains What Connoisseurs Rant About The basic chemistry of wine flavors, colors, and properties.
Buzz Aldrin Dances With John Travolta, Shows Off Some Out-Of-This World Moves \I thought I held my own.\
New Horizons Won't Be The Only Spacecraft At Our Solar System's Edge The Voyager 1 spacecraft, which launched in 1977,\u00a0made the historic entry into interstellar space in 2012 and continues to
New Photo Shows Pluto's 'Heart' Actually A Vast, Frozen Wasteland Warm and fuzzy from afar, cold and barren up close.
Mysterious Mountain On Pluto's Moon Has Scientists 'Stumped' \u201cIt looks like somebody just dropped a giant boulder on Charon.\
This Tiny, Beating Heart Was Made From Stem Cells Thump. Thump. Thump.
New Pluto Photos Show High Mountains, Giant \u2018Tail' Hungry for more about Pluto? No worries. Today NASA scientists served up another helping of photos\u00a0and scientific findings
Hitch A Ride On A Hammerhead Shark For A Blissful Ocean View See what happens when a shark films the ocean bottom with a GoPro camera.
Will The New Horizons Mission Give Pluto A Second Chance At Planethood? Is Pluto a planet?\u00a0 It's a simple question, but one scientists and space buffs have been debating for years. Back in 2006
New Horizons Probe Survives Pluto Flyby The spacecraft caps a 3 billion mile journey, nine years in the making.
Bill Nye's Take On Whether Being Gay Makes Evolutionary Sense The Science Guy doesn't always have the answers, but he does have good advice.
This Is The Last Image Of Pluto's Far Side We May See For Decades 
Between Threats And Harassment, A Handful Of Hawaii's Giant Telescope Protesters Cross The Line HONOLULU (AP) - The state land board on Friday will consider an emergency rule restricting access to a mountain considered
These Are The Most Jaw-Dropping Space Photos Of The Year 
Meteor Showers On Demand Could Be Coming Soon To Skies Near You Part of the excitement of \u00a0seeing a meteor is the dumb luck involved in being in the right place at the right time.\u00a0 Outside
The Magical Healing Power Of Caring and Hope in Psychotherapy There are three consistent research findings that should make a world of difference to therapists and to the people they treat.
What Would Happen If You Fell Into A Black Hole? 
Dazzling Interactive Video Shows What Humans Can't See From Earth 
Solar Plane Pilot Shares Secrets Of Record-Setting Flight 
The End of the Universe The Big Rip, the Big Crunch, the Big Freeze, it pretty much sounds like a list of 'big' Hollywood B-movies. Funny as they may sound, these are some of the most fundamental theories for the beginning and the ending of the Universe.
Rods and Cones are Not Alone There are approximately 120 million rods and 6 million cones in the retina which help us to see, but did you know there is another type of light sensitive cell there? Intrinsically photoreceptive retinal ganglion cells are a type of cell in our retina that has nothing to do with our vision.
Here's More Evidence That Good-Looking People Can Get Away With Anything Good-looking people seem to have all the luck. \u00a0 Thanks to the\u00a0\beauty bias,\\u00a0our largely unconscious preoccupation with
SpaceX Rocket Explodes After Liftoff 
The Past and Future Of (Same-Sex) Marriage Legal experts can parse the finer points of the majority opinion and the four separate dissents, but let's take this momentous occasion as an opportunity to reflect on where we have been on this issue, and what the future may hold.
WATCH 
Why Send Humans To Space When We Can Send Robots? 
Men Are Totally Wrong About Their Math Skills 
Protest Again Delays Hawaii Giant Telescope Construction 
Your Gut Bacteria Does More Than You Might Think 
Here's What A Chimp Drum Solo Sounds Like 
Is Sexism In Science Actually Paternalism? Because of improvements in medical ethics over the past thirty years, we tend to think that this paternalistic attitude no longer or minimally exists. However paternalism in science is all too alive and healthy.
Math Theory May Explain How MH370 Vanished Without A Trace 
New Octopus Is So Cute That 'Adorable' Might Become Part Of Its Name 
Here's Scientific Proof That Your Dog Has Your Back 
Scientists Create World's Coldest Molecules 
Comet Lander Philae Awakes From Hibernation 
Why Are Teens So Moody And Impulsive? This Neuroscientist Has The Answer 
Talking To A Therapist Could Be The Secret To Sleeping Better 
The Science of Jurassic World As Horner explained in his 2009 book How to Build a Dinosaur
The Early Bird Gets the Sperm ... to the Egg What gets you out of bed in the morning? Before morning has broken, and some time before blackbird has spoken, songbirds rise for sex. And a clever new experiment reveals just how important it is for male songbirds not to sleep in.
Mysterious 'Sleeping Beauty' Grave Discovered 
New Tiny, Stunning Frogs From 'Sky Islands' May Be In Danger 
NASA LDSD Test Launch Successful The Low-Density Supersonic Decelerator test vehicle successfully lifted off by balloon from the U.S. Navy Pacific Missile Range Facility on Kauai, Hawaii, at 7:45 a.m. HST/1:45 p.m. EST today.
Spectacular Video Lets You Fly Around Ceres 
'Thank You NASA!' It's a big time at NASA.  Scientific probes are sailing through our solar system, gathering legions of data and amazing photographs.  Rovers are crawling all over intriguing extraterrestrial bodies, boring little holes into their surfaces and gathering samples.
Honda's Gravity Modification Research For us Americans, it is unthinkable for General Motors to investigate gravity modification, and here was Honda in the 1990s, at that, researching this topic.
Wait, What's The Benefit Of Eating Your Own Placenta? 
Man Plays Beatles Song On His Guitar While Undergoing Brain Surgery 
Here's Where That 'Let The Cat Out Of The Bag' Expression Came From 
So, What Exactly Is Gluten Anyway? 
What Is the Science Behind Hypnosis? Hypnosis is a real phenomenon, and even animals can be hypnotized. But what hypnotism is, exactly, remains unclear. In a remarkable experiment reported in the New York Times [1], subjects were given the post-hypnotic suggestion that they would see words that would appear incomprehensible as if in a foreign language.
Want To Make More Money? Try Changing Your Attitude, Scientists Say 
This Real-Life Alien Hunter Inspired The Main Character In 'Contact' 
Here's A Trick That May Help People Become Less Racist & Sexist 
Monsanto, RoundUp and Junk Science Last weekend demonstrators joined a March Against Monsanto in some 428 cities in 38 countries, including more than 240 cities in the U.S. alone. What exactly has so many people riled up? Monsanto, of course.
Disaster Movies Are Tame Compared To What Happened 3.3 Billion Years Ago 
The Beautiful Things Music Does To Your Brain 
WATCH 
What It Was Like To Glimpse John Nash's Beautiful Mind John Nash was a legend. He simply looked at things differently. He taught me that even geniuses need other people to correct their thinking and vet their ideas. Most importantly, however, Nash taught me that anyone's mind can be beautiful if it focuses on producing beautiful ideas.
'A Beautiful Mind' Mathematician Killed In Car Accident 
Privatization Has Been a Colossal Flop We have to face the fact that our massive privatization of what once were government functions has been a failure. There are some public services that get really loused up when done privately and for profit.
Mind-Controlled Robot Arm Lets Paralyzed Man Drink A Beer On His Own 
8 Things We've Learned About Happiness In The Past Decade 
Life's Elusive X-Factor? Cocktails at The Carlyle With NASA's Senior-most Scientist on Origins of Life, Andrew Pohorille Andrew Pohorille did not disappoint with revelations that there is a certain factor to life that so far cannot be captured in the lab, i.e., life is not purely a technical matter, and that he does not expect that \we\ will find life anywhere else in the solar system, including Mars.
This Is What Happens After You Die 
Another English King Could Be Buried Under A Parking Lot 
New Photo Shows Medusa Nebula Is Way Prettier Than Its Namesake 
Scientists Boost Older Brains' Ability To Heal And Learn 
Face-Aging Software Presents a Terrible (and Fascinating) Social Dilemma How-Old.net, a website that purports to estimate users' age based on a picture of their face, went viral last week, garnering tens of thousands of hits within the first few hours of its release.
Women Scientists' Academic-Hiring Advantage Is Unwelcome News for Some The bane of every researcher is the critic who says a study is actually about some question it was never designed to answer -- then proceeds to demean the study for failing to answer the question it never asked.
KA-BOOM! Scientists Find New Trigger Of Volcanic Eruptions 
Hammer Attack Spotlights The Power Of False Memory 
'Chaotic' Planets Make The Search For E.T. More Complicated 
WATCH 
Do Genetics Explain the (Sometimes Seen) Relationship Between Television Viewing and Antisocial Behavior? Whether exposure to television violence contributes to antisocial behavior has been an issue of significant controversy for almost five decades.  Some studies find evidence for effects, other studies don't, and there is much debate among scholars regarding the meaningfulness and quality of the studies on both sides
Behold The Coolest Science Photos Of The Past Decade 
Astronomers Giddy Over Bizarre Cosmic 'Dinosaur Egg' 
How The Shape Of Your Glass Affects Your Drinking Behavior 
The World Needs Scientific Rationalism Science today has the power to inspire just as much as it always has, and today it is more important than ever that the scientific community capitalize on every opportunity it gets to re-engage, and to take on \the war on science,\ if that is indeed what we have come to.
Bill Nye Talks Extraterrestrial Life 
Riding the Evolution Paradigm Shift With Eugene Koonin Eugene Koonin is director of the Evolutionary Genomics Group at the National Center for Biotechnology Information in Bethesda, Maryland, as well as its senior investigator. He is also senior investigator at the National Library of Medicine and National Institutes of Health.
Geologist Discovers Plant That May Only Grow On Top Of Diamonds 
How Technology Made Nighttime Baseball Possible 
Iconic Scientists Weigh In On How To Save The Planet 
Nepal's Earthquake Made Mount Everest A Little Bit Shorter, Scientists Say 
How The Clothing You Wear Affects The Way You Think 
WATCH 
Bizarre Dino With Bat-Like Wings Discovered Overseas 
12 GIFs That Prove Our World Is Even More Beautiful Than It Seems 
Dinner Party 101 it is possible to engage people who reject or doubt the established scientific consensus without starting World War III or surrendering your self-respect. It's even possible to change people's minds -- at least some people's minds, some of the time.
Massive Magma Chamber Discovered Under Yellowstone 
Stephen Hawking Has Dire Prediction For Humanity 
Astronomers Discover What May Be The Biggest Thing In The Universe 
The Hubble Space Telescope -- Personal Reflections on the 25th Anniversary Centuries from now, when historians look back at the discoveries that have shaped our view of the universe, I believe that the Hubble Space Telescope will have earned its place.
This Science-Backed Trick Will Get That Annoying Song Out Of Your Head 
Happy Birthday, Hubble If you are at all interested in astronomy, chances are you've already heard that the Hubble Space Telescope is celebrating its 25th anniversary this week. What some people may not know is that Hubble is one of four siblings, so to speak.
Did Fire Spark Storytelling? How many of us have wondered, to paraphrase Ursula Le Guin, why we huddle about the campfire?  A recent study poses an answer to this question by looking at what hunter-gatherers talk about as they sit around the fire at night.
Mindfulness Therapy May Help Prevent Depression Relapse 
Behold The Most Realistic Black Hole Simulation Yet 
LOOK 
Geckos Have A Blast During Space Mission 
Creature Of Sea Monster Legends Washes Up Near Harbor, Then Vanishes 
New Evidence of Prehistoric Trade With Asia Found at Bering Land Bridge Site Now another newly analyzed object from the University of Colorado-led Cape Espenberg dig is providing more evidence of prehistoric trade or contacts between the residents of Northwest Alaska and their neighbors across the Bering Strait.
Scientists Transform Gold Into Something Even More Incredible 
WATCH 
NASA Spacecraft Is About To Crash Into Mercury 
Will 'Smart Drugs' Soon Sweep the Nation? If you haven't heard of the term \biohacking\, you may already be being outcompeted by those who have. A biohacker has generally been defined as someone who aims to gain control over their own biology.
This Is The First Ever Full-Color Image Of Pluto 
Scientists Scan 100,000 Galaxies But Find No Evidence Of Alien Life 
The Rise Of 'No, Totally' As Linguistic Quirk 
NASA Astronauts' GoPro Captures ISS Spacewalk 
How The Science Of Wasabi Could Pave The Way For New Pain Meds 
Stunning New Time Lapse Video Shows The Sun Up Close And Hot 
Scientists Cut Uncertainty of the Size of the Universe in Half The study used supernovae within about 400 million light years of Earth, which is a relatively small fraction of the size of the visible universe, but it is hoped that future studies will significantly improve our measurements of even more distant supernovae.
Aliens Might Be Way Bigger Than We Ever Imagined 
Ghostly Faces Appear In Medieval 'Black Book' 
Stunning Photo Reveals Galaxy 12 Billion Light-Years Away 
WATCH 
Choosing Sadness My depressed friend wanted relief from his misery, sometimes desperately. He struggled, yet ironically, he often acted in ways that maintained -- rather than alleviated -- his misery. Apparently he's not alone in this sad choice.
Fly Me to the Moon! Yes, I know the current push by our Federal Space Agency on social media is #JourneytoMars, but are we ready? Really ready?  Nope, I don't think we're even close.
Can We Replace Misleading Terms Like 'Mental Illness,' 'Patient,' and 'Schizophrenia' I don't trust clinicians who restrict themselves to reductionistic diagnostic interviews, but I also don't trust clinicians who can't make an accurate diagnosis.  Diagnosis and empathy are necessary partners in any therapeutic relationship, fully complementary and in no way incompatible.
An Alzheimer's Treatment on the Horizon? Biogen Inc.'s recent revelation of promising early data from an experimental Alzheimer's treatment is something of a breakthrough
Here's Where To Marvel At The 'Blood Moon' 
If You Can't Stand the Heat, Get Out of the Universe As we continue this planetary-scale geoengineering experiment of pumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere and seeing what happens, it's worth considering that maybe this path has already been taken by predecessors a long time ago, in galaxies far, far away.
A Call for Data Literacy If we care about young people's privacy, we need to teach them data literacy. Schools need to provide opportunities to educate children in the politics of data, including what it means, how it can be used, and how they can exert agency over their own position as a \data point.\
Why We Haven't Gotten To Mars Much of the opposition to Mars exploration is based on disinformation and distraction tactics that imply or even claim outright that Mars would bust the budget or endanger Social Security, which, given actual budgetary facts and context, is preposterous.
A CD Shattering Into Smithereens Is Surprisingly Stunning 
Breaking Up And Moving On Is As Natural To Us As Falling In Love 
Here's How Long It Would Take To Fall Through The Center Of Earth 
'Sophisticated Evaluation of Serious Research' at the New York Times? Some editors at the New York Times seem to have either developed a severe case of institutional amnesia, or decided to confer the presumption of innocence upon cellphone radiation, as the newspaper did upon asbestos for an entire decade after the mineral had been shown to be the most important industrial carcinogen in the world.
Astronaut Will Return From Space Both Older And Younger Than His Twin Brother 
Doggie Germs May Be Good For Us, And Here's Why 
500,000-Year-Old 'Swiss Army Knife' Discovered 
Astronomers Solve Long-Standing Cosmic Mystery 
The Real Reason So Many People Are Going Nearsighted 
LOOK 
Astronomers Make Incredible Discovery 
The Future of the Car Is Electric By the 1920s, America had developed a better system of infrastructure. This meant that vehicles needed to go longer distances. The discovery of large petroleum reserves had reduced the price of gasoline. This made the gasoline car more attractive to consumers.
When NASA Had Nuclear Rockets Most people think that Star Trek-style nuclear rockets are a thing of the future, but the fact is we had them in the 1960s... and gave up on them.
Luis P. Villarreal Having just published a book on the origin and synthesis of life, I was fascinated to learn that I'd missed interviewing one of the field's most provocative scientists -- virologist Luis Perez Villarreal -- who takes a \virus-first\ perspective to life.
Critic Cooks Up 'Totally Different Theory' About Stonehenge 
Yes, Positive Emotions Really Can Transform Your Health 
If You Thought Your Morals Were Unshakeable, This Study Proves Otherwise 
Become A Craft Beer Expert In Three Minutes. Here's To Chemistry! 
Teaching Robots To Be Moral 
You Might As Well Flip A Coin To Fill In Your NCAA Brackets 
Chemists Create Amazing 'Molecule-Making Machine' 
The (Paradoxical) Wisdom of Solomon The results were clear and a bit surprising. Contrary to the commonly held view that experience brings wisdom, older and younger adults in this study were indistinguishable in their wise reasoning--at least about personal conflicts.
Ash, Dust From 1912 Novarupta Eruption Cancels Alaska Flights Strong northwest winds blew ash and dust from the 1912 eruption of Novarupta over parts of Kodiak Island on Thursday, limiting visibility and prompting some airlines to cancel flights.
Life-Friendly Hot Springs May Hide Beneath Icy Moon's Crust 
Ancient Stone Tool Brings New Ideas About Early Americans 
Is Most Of Our DNA Garbage? 
Mystery Of 'Britain's Oldest Brain' Finally Solved 
Science Confirms That Men Are The More Narcissistic Sex 
Slo-Mo Mantis Gives Scientists A Major Surprise 
Is a Self-Aware Robot Like Chappie Possible? I was fortunate enough to be invited to a screening and press conference for the movie Chappie. It is a great movie about a police robot named Chappie that is downloaded with a program that makes him self-aware.
How Brain Science Affects The Way We See #TheDress Upon the electronic distribution of a picture of nothing more than a dress, we saw the birth of the stalwart White-and-golders and the die-hard Black-and-bluers.  This dress is a nice example of how what you see isn't necessarily what you perceive.
How 3D Printing Could End The Deadly Shortage Of Donor Organs 
How Mindfulness Meditation Expands Awareness 
Why This Psychologist Thinks The Science Behind Anti-Depressants May Be Completely 'Backwards' 
How to Be a Hero This unilateral focus on the dark side has had the unintended effect of blinding us to one of the most obvious and inspiring features of the experiment
Behavioral Science May Prove to Be Our Most Important Science We take for granted the impact of the physical and biological sciences on our world, forgetting that it once took months to get from the east coast to the west coast or to communicate with someone across the ocean.
Patient's Teeth Could Be Fix For Common Cause Of Blindness 
Colossal Black Hole Has Astronomers Baffled 
Spreading Pseudoscience The first step to solving problems is to identify and understand them. With that in mind, here is a list of five reasons why some liberals are just as bad, or at least almost, as creationism-believing conservatives when it comes to spreading pseudoscience.
The Neuroscience Of Marijuana Munchies 
Why you Get so Pumped up Watching Sports Sports create a relationship between the fan and the players. This relationship resembles that of a family. Sports fans, like other people, separate themselves out into similar groups with common values, religions, aesthetics, ethnicities and so forth.
How Much Gold Is In An Oscar Statuette? At tonight's Oscars we'll no doubt see some familiar faces winning that coveted gold statuette. It's no secret that these sparkling little men aren't 100% gold--they're only coated in 24-carat gold--so that makes it harder to figure out how much gold they actually contain. Luckily math comes to the rescue.
How Personality Influences Your Immune System 
How The Brain Travels Back In Time 
Manx's Surprising Revival Manx--the ancient Celtic tongue spoken on the Isle of Man--had all but vanished by the 1970s. Defying the odds, it has returned to daily use through the heroic efforts of Manx language warriors. I visited the Isle of Man recently to hear the story of Manx's surprising survival.
Mars One Candidate Thinks She Has What It Takes To Go To Red Planet 
Experimental AIDS Drug Stirs Talk Of Vaccine 'Alternative' 
WATCH 
Here's Why Einstein's Theory Of Relativity Is Perfect 
Conflict On The Surface There are no passengers on Spaceship Earth, only crewmates, and we all have a responsibility to mind the ship and take care of our crew-mates. In fact, when we pull back temporally and look at long-term effects, it becomes apparent that we must collaborate, for the survival of life on Earth.
Five Years On The Sun's Surface Captured In Spectacular Time-Lapse Video 
Scientists Discover Super-Rare Alien Planet 
Hold the Phone! You Might Miss a Whale, or Even a Whale of a Bright Idea Like the Laser What if Dr. Townes, instead of taking that timeout, had sent a text or played Angry Birds? Might we be in the dark about the laser? As research and Townes' example suggest, the unpredictable sparks of our own mental machinations should be something we don't want to miss any more than the majestic sight of a passing whale.
Watch Octopuses Meet for Blind Date, Tricky Sex On February 14, Hazel and Franklin will meet for a blind date. There is a good chance things will get heavy; it will likely be the first -- and possibly the last -- chance either has for sex in their adult lives. There is also a small chance Franklin will get eaten.
(Still) Waiting for the Big One The sun is a stormy star that, across the centuries, has gifted our Earth with some incredible moments of calamity. Telegraph and radio technologies and even satellites and human safety have been placed in the breach of near-destruction. Is there a major \superstorm\ in our future?
Ancient Skeleton Couple Found Locked In Tight Embrace 
UNC Isn't Charlie Hebdo, and Thomas Paine Isn't Osama Bin Laden The tragic shooting of three young university students at UNC Chapel Hill yesterday could have been adopted by the media as yet another indictment of the rampant gun culture in the United States.
How Naps Do Your Brain (And Body) Good 
Here's How Your Food 'Changes Color' While Heating In A Microwave 
Massive Filament Snakes Across Sun's Surface 
Great Red Spot Shines Pink In Observatory's New Photo 
Ultra-Cheap Microscopes Could Save Millions of Lives The microscope is one of the quintessential symbols of science, invoking images of researchers in white lab coats. Microscopes have been saving lives for decades by helping diagnose any number of deadly diseases, but in many parts of the world, they are in short supply.
Now We Know How Many Licks It Takes To Reach The Center Of A Lollipop 
A NASA Engineer Explains How You Give Directions in Space Navigation requires a reference frame.  We need reference frames to tell us where we are with respect to other objects and we need reference frames to tell us how we are oriented with respect to other objects.  There is no single universal frame that is used for all operations.
Here's Why Cats Like Boxes 
Maybe Coin Tosses Aren't Entirely Random After All 
Study Says Meditation Could Protect The Brain From Signs Of Aging 
So This Is What The Far Side Of The Moon Looks Like 
How Online Interaction Shapes Everything From Baby Name Trends To Revolutions 
Fighting the New Stupidity Vaccines are a great triumph of the human intellect over ancient evils. That triumph must not be dimmed by ignorance, paranoia, and demagoguery.
This Week In Science New data from the Planck satellite indicates that the cosmic microwave background pattern once thought to be from gravitational waves is an artifact of galactic dust.
Anti-Vaxxers Have Neil deGrasse Tyson Worried 
Centuries-Old 'Meditating' Mummy Found 
NASA Launches Soil Moisture Mapping Satellite NASA's first mission of 2015 is underway, successfully launching a Delta II rocket equipped with a soil moisture mapping satellite at 9:22 a.m. EST Saturday from Vandenberg Air Force Base on the Central Coast of California.
Failing a Class for Good Tife Odumosu didn't sit down and immediately draw the perfect cartoon. He started drawing and iterated into his more finalized sketch. Some strokes of his pencil improved his work and others did not. Is this failure? I don't think so.
The Betelgeuse Supernova Astronomers have been waiting for this for a long time, and at some time in the not so distant future the brilliant red star in the constellation Orion will explode. What will it look like?
Your Dog Can Get Alzheimer's Too 
Have Scientists Discovered New Primitive Human Species? 
Binge-Watching Netflix Is Making You Feel Lonely And Depressed 
Bull Who Sired 500,000 Offspring Dies 
The Latest Hypocrisy in SVP Expert Testimony Railroading people inappropriately into psychiatric hospitals is a slippery slope that can lead to grave violation of human rights and a distortion of our most precious constitutional protections.
How Retailers Use Psychology To Dupe You Into Buying More Stuff 
Deflated Footballs Unless you are Rip van Winkle, you are well aware that the footballs in the game in New England were underinflated. There is talk that the weather is to blame. If you run the numbers, here's what the equation looks like.
Freaky Video Shows Rare Atmospheric Phenomenon 
WATCH 
The Scary Way Excessive Salt Intake May 'Reprogram' The Brain 
WATCH 
How Mindfulness Is Revolutionizing Mental Health Care 
If You Can't Focus, Blame This Brain Region 
This Metal Is So Waterproof That Droplets Bounce Off 
Andromeda By measuring very precisely the motion of the Andromeda galaxy relative to the Milky Way, astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope were able to determine in 2012 that the Milky Way and Andromeda are destined for a head-on collision in about 4 billion years.
Hard Work, Hard Times Does self-discipline today really pay off later in life -- in jobs, paychecks, promotions and bonuses, professional prestige and wealth? Surprisingly, given the importance of employment to well-being and the global economy, the link between self-control and job success has not been thoroughly studied. Until now.
LISTEN 
The SESAME Laboratory SESAME stands for Synchrotron-light for Experimental Science and Applications in the Middle East and will be a world-class particle-accelerator-based facility for applied research that covers the full spectrum from protein crystallography to understand the structure of viruses to solid-state physics to improve our computers.
Top 10 Medical Research Issues and Trends to Watch in 2015 Academic research institutions are undeniably under duress. While some of it may be due to overbuilding research infrastructure during the years of doubling the National Institutes of Health budget, they are now dealing with a new normal of having to do more with less.
Why It Should Always Be the Season for Exercise We all know that exercise is good for us. And this past holiday season, the market was awash with activity monitors like the FitBit and Nike Fuel Band to help you reach your fitness goals from the neck down. But what about from the neck up?
New Clue In Search For Alien Life Seen In 'Super-Earth' Simulation 
The Crisis of Confidence in Medical Research It's been many years since I have trusted anything I read in a medical or psychiatric journal. There is an enterprise wide positive bias; findings never seem to replicate; benefits are hyped; harms are hidden.
Beethoven May Have Composed Masterpieces To His Own Irregular Heartbeat 
The Little Question That Fueled Actor's Big Push For Plain-Spoken Science 
Polls of Future Past Science fiction sometimes barely beats out science fact as technological advancements rapidly transform the world.  But the changes that are anticipated aren't always the ones that arrive. Here's a look back at what the polls tell us the public has expected from scientific progress -- and how often they've been disappointed.
Neil deGrasse Tyson To Host Late-Night Talk Show 
Milky Way's Mysterious 'Bubbles' Yield Their Secrets 
There's No Back Pain Surgery Can't Make Worse Lots of elective surgery is probably unnecessary, and back operations are the most notorious example.
Tomb Of Lost Egyptian Queen Discovered 
Pets May Help Improve Social Skills Of Children With Autism 
How Probiotics May Ward Off Depression And Anxiety 
Humans May Be An Endangered Species, Celebrated Naturalist Says 
Catch The Year's Very First Meteor Shower This Weekend 
Do Carrots Really Help You See Better? 
Famous 'Blue Hole' May Help Solve Mystery Of Maya Downfall 
Huge Trove Of Shipwrecks Reveals Secret History Of Shipbuilding 
Drunk Birds Slur Their 'Words' Just Like Humans 
The (Not So) Curious Case of Galaxy IC 335 A recent Hubble image of the galaxy IC 335 shows it to be a star-filled galaxy with a flat shape not unlike our own Milky Way. But whereas the Milky Way contains vast collections of nebulae and dust clouds, IC 335 seems to have none. A look behind the curtain gives us clues to how two similar galaxies like IC 335 and the Milky Way could turn out so differently.
There's A Reason This Lonely Bird Has Such Freaky Feathers 
How The Effects Of Trauma Can Be Passed Down From One Generation To The Next 
WATCH 
24 Of The Best Astrophotos Of 2014 
Merry Christmas, From Neil's Cheeky Twitter Account 
Take A Tour Of The Best Photos Of Earth From Space 
Prime Number Gap Grows After Decades-Long Lull 
What Is Sleep? We asked 11-year-olds to come up with their own questions to pose to scientists. This year, kids have asked scientists What is Sleep? It's probably a question we all have asked ourselves from time to time. We spend a third of our lives doing it, but we don't fully understand why.
Quantum Physics Just Got A Tiny Bit Easier To Understand 
12 Favorite Science Stories Of 2014 
BUSTED 
How To Watch The Last Meteor Shower Of 2014 
Innovations in Science Alan Turing and his legacy are pivotal reminders of the limitations of data analysis without the context. How would he be evaluated today looking only at some of those metrics? He published just a few articles in his too short life, but Turing's work has had profound impact upon computer science that still resonates.
Men Who Like Spicy Food Have Higher Testosterone Levels 
Here's Why Birds Don't Have Teeth 
Pro and Con I agree that it is crucial to attend to the psychological and emotional meaning of all experiences and understand the social context in which they occur. But I do worry that the report creates its own set of unintended problems and may inadvertently perpetuate rather than dispel confusion and stigma, especially for those who have the most severely impairing of psychotic experiences.
Your Personality Says A Lot About Your Health 
Workers Just Unearthed A Centuries-Old Time Capsule Buried By Paul Revere 
You're Not a Chimpanzee, So Don't Make Love Like One Since Christmas is approaching, I'm tempted to say that these books might make good stocking stuffers. But the male ego is so fragile that some delicacy is required on the part of the giver, who must somehow insinuate that she's just trying to improve an already awesome performance.
Men Aren't The Only Ones Who Get Turned On By 'Lingerie' 
Fifty Years of Quarks... More Particles to Discover! Fifty years ago, in 1964, physicists Murray Gell-Mann at Caltech and George Zweig at CERN came up with the idea of the quark as a response to the bewildering number of elementary particles that were being discovered at the huge \atom smasher\ labs sprouting up all over the world.
Orion In the midst of a series of technical glitches that delayed the planned launch of the Orion capsule by a Delta IV rocket on Thursday, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden is reported to have told NBC News, \We're now on the way to Mars, and that's what's most important.\ Uh, no.
The Carnivore Way Obstacles to this basic need to roam, such as human development, can provide formidable threats to long-term survival of many species. For the large carnivores, it's not just about losing the freedom to move, it's about losing a natural process.
Alan Turing and the Five Sigma Theory of Progress The brutal flip side of this reductionist idea is the implication that if you're not at the five sigma level, your efforts, while admirable and even useful, will never be fodder for future memory or future textbooks -- that most of us are no more than worker bees.
5 Ways Modern Science Is Embracing Ancient Indian Wisdom 
Is Expert Testimony in Court Cases Really Expert? As it stands now, the expert testimony in many trials is pretty worthless. Each side presents an extreme set of opinions that in opposite ways distort the complex reality. The jury cancels them out or makes a pretty blind choice between them.
Can Limiting The Use Of Military Gear Prevent Another Ferguson? 
Here's What Would Happen If Earth Were Flat And You Ran To The Edge 
Scientists' New 'Human Placenta Project' Aims to Improve Health of Moms and Their Children Unlocking the secrets of the placenta is no small undertaking, but the potential benefits are tremendous--for science and for health.
Ebola Vaccines Millions of doses will be needed, and not just to help end the current epidemic but also, crucially, as a stockpile to prevent future outbreaks from getting out of control.
It's About Time Do giant black holes exist? Can they warp time and space? Is time travel possible? To reality check the science of Interstellar, I spoke with theoretical physicist Brian Greene.
Putting The Mind And Soul Back Into Psychiatry We must get back to treating the whole person, not just his brain circuits. The brain is involved in all we do and what we are, but it is also itself influenced by our psychology and social context.
Nuclear Weapons Are Much More Dangerous Than Global Warming Skeptical Science is a great website that debunks global warming deniers. But their home page has a box counting up the amount of energy trapped by greenhouse gases in units of Hiroshima atomic bomb energy.
Are Family Fights Good For Kids? 
'Very Special' Stone Age Axe Discovered 
Low Energy Nuclear Reactions On 12 November 2014, China and the U.S. reached a historic agreement to limit greenhouse gases. Other nations will hopefully follow suit. But even these cuts may not be enough. So how are we going to meet these goals?
Neil deGrasse Tyson Gives First-Grader Adorable Advice 
Here's What Happens Inside Your Body When You Overeat 
Ruins On Seafloor Turn Out To Be Ancient Settlement 
'Captain, There Be Planets Here!' About 450 light-years from Earth, in the constellation Taurus, a dense, dark, interstellar cloud has slowly started to reveal its secrets. The addition of new high-resolution data like that for the star HL Tau is at long last allowing astronomers to see the hidden details of planet and disk formation and, from this, create the next-generation  physics-based models for how planets form.
Scientists Spy on Sex Lives of Octopuses Finding a human mate is difficult enough. We at least, however, have bars and online dating sites. For the octopus, things can be a little more challenging.
Not Many Of Us Land The Dream Jobs We Wanted As Kids 
Scary New Asteroid Map Shows Space Rocks Hit Us 'All The Time' 
The Strange Effect Of Disgust On Human Behavior 
Can DNA Help You Find Your Birth Parents? (Part II) DNA testing can sometimes provide truly miraculous results for adoptees wishing to pursue information about their birthparents.
How To See 'Shooting Stars' Monday Night 
The Peculiar Story Of Animal Pigmentation 
Comet Lander Goes Dark 
Ancient Bones May Help Solve Mystery Of Elaborate Tomb 
'Rosetta' Comet Mission Makes History 
Yes, This Is North America On Jupiter 
Freaky Non-Newtonian Fluid Dances To The Beat 
This Week in Science A new particle accelerator design that uses a chamber filled with a hot plasma of lithium gas could form the basis of smaller, more powerful atom-smashers than the Large Hadron Collider.
From Cooking to Conservation In my work as a conservation biologist, I often find myself as the only woman at the table. Despite the many advances of women in the boardroom and on the corporate payroll, the world of conservation brokers remains male-dominated. Why not engage the other 51 percent of the population?
Radical New Theory Says Other Universes Affect Our Own 
We Should All Be Ashamed Because of inadequate treatment and housing, the mentally ill are extremely vulnerable to arrest for avoidable nuisance crimes -- it is as simple as stealing some food from a store, sleeping on a bench in a public park, or shouting back at voices in the middle of the night.
Here's What Happens When Someone Sneezes On An Airplane 
You Don't Have To Hit The Gym To Get A Brain Boost 
'White Noise' For Your Nose Cancels Out Nasty Odors 
Ebola Outbreak Highlights Struggle for Science in Africa and Inequalities in Global Health Research In part, the lack of research in \non-profitable\ infectious diseases occurring in underprivileged countries has left threats like Ebola largely unaddressed. In addition, inequalities within the system of international scientific collaboration have hindered African researchers from leading the way against diseases ravaging their continent.
See The Moon's Newest Crater 
Hubble Spies Spooky 'Ghost Light' Of Dead Galaxies 
What Is it Like for a Medical Student to Cut Open a Body for the First Time? I simultaneously felt awe, fear, excitement, humility, cowardice, courage, frailty, strength, embarrassment, curiosity, sorrow, and joy.
Why Does a Mirror Reverse Things Horizontally but Not Vertically? The left-right reversal in this sense always happens in mirroring the object for which left and right can be defined, irrespective of the relative configuration of the object to the mirror. The reason can be explained as follows.
The Antares Rocket Failure Usually, when a launch goes wrong just a few seconds after liftoff, the problem has something to do with an engine. Perhaps a fuel leak or a clogged fuel line.
Kindness Really Does Make You More Attractive 
Antares Rocket Explodes Shortly After Lift-Off From Virginia Launch Site 
Scientists Set New World Record With This 
PEE-YEW! This Comet Frickin' Stinks 
The Answer To Your Question About Catching Ebola On The Subway 
How Bra Designers Boosted America's Astronauts (And Other Surprising Space Stories) 
Apparently, We're All A Little Bit Face-ist 
EBOLA WARS 
The Trouble With Trolleys Listening the other day to BBC Radio 4, I caught the end of one The Philosopher's Arms. The subject was trolley ethics. My hope was that a big problem with the best-known example of this philosophical discipline would be explored. Sadly, though, it was left undiscussed.
Deciphering Monsoons in a Time of Drastic Changes The increasing irregularity of monsoons affects lives around the world. We do not know how climate change will affect monsoon behavior, but the best scientific hypotheses are that we may never return to a steady, dependable monsoon. Climate change may fatally break the ancient relationship between farmer and monsoon.
WTF Evolution? Truth be told, I don't spend a whole lot of time on Tumblr, but there are a few masterpieces that are worth keeping an eye on. One of my favorites is Mara Grunbaum's WTF Evolution?, which takes a regular look at some of evolution's strangest and most perplexing creations. Now, in plenty of time for Xmas, Gunbaum's evolutionary freak show is a book.
Scientists Find Another Reason To Avoid Sugary Sodas 
Astronomers Create First 3D Map Of Hidden Universe 
'Alien' Sea Creature Caught, Freaks Everyone Out 
Professor Sees Major Problem With 21-Day Ebola Quarantine 
Does Study of Down Syndrome Hold a Possible Cancer Cure? Remarkably, people with Down syndrome have an increased incidence of leukemia but a much lower incidence of solid tissue tumors. What is it about the extra copy of chromosome 21 that protects them from solid tumors but predisposes them to blood cancers?
The Simple Trick That Can Boost Your Confidence Immediately Smile, don't slouch, and don't cross your arms. Your parents probably taught you to use certain body language to appear friendly and polite. But new research shows that your body language does much more than just change the way other people see you -- it can even change how you see yourself. Psychologists describe this phenomenon as \embodied cognition.\\n\nJust watch the latest video in our Talk Nerdy series above to learn more.
The Dismal Future of Interstellar Travel I have been an avid science fiction reader all my life, but as an astronomer for over half my life, the essential paradox of my fantasy world can no longer be maintained. Basically, science tells us that traveling fast enough to make interstellar travel possible requires more money than society will ever be able to invest in the attempt.
This Is Why We Love To Scare Ourselves Silly 
The Sun Shines Brightly on Solar Energy There is no such thing as power to spare in our world today, yet overconsumption continues, despite warnings and encouragement to cut down on electricity usage.
Remember Me Many people have a need to be remembered well, even if that motivation is hidden, so sparking it can shift the focus to future others. Public policies that encourage futuristic contemplation might be one tool for stemming the ravages of climate change before it's too late.
How A Planet-Hunting Visionary Convinced NASA To Do The Right Thing 
NASA's Commercial Crew Vehicles 
Excerpt of My New Book on Social Trust My problem is high places, and the Greek myth of Icarus never made much sense to me. I've never seen it as much of a cautionary tale. It's more like a story of the obvious.
How To Turn Your Phone Into A Cosmic Ray Detector 
Even The Sun Is Getting Into The Halloween Spirit 
Divers Recover New Treasures From 'Titanic Of The Ancient World' 
Global Study 
Chris Hadfield Reveals His Hidden Talent--And His Pet Peeve 
Here's Proof That Chemical Reactions Are Mind-Blowingly Beautiful 
These Cringe-Worthy Stories Show It Can Be Hard For Women In Science 
What Next For The Ebola Outbreak? Here's What The Math Says 
The (Mismatched) Evolution of Man and Its Influence on Injury The fundamental ethos of natural selection dictates that species optimally adapt to a given environment over time. If the environment during a given time is unlike the environment that the species adapted to, the species is considered mismatched, in that its traits are no longer optimal for that environment.
This Scientist Has A Surprising Idea For Protecting Football Players 
Here's The Ugly Truth About How People Use Facebook When In A Bad Mood 
Thousands Of Hidden Mountains Discovered 
Cloning Fraud on the Silver Screen The stem-cell disgrace of Korean cloning fraudster Hwang Woo-suk has now inspired a movie. Whistle Blower opened in Korea this week. Names have been changed, and it's presented as fiction, but no one is even pretending it's not about the scientific \scandal of the century\ that unfolded between 2004 and 2006.
Eclipses in the October Skies When the Moon is totally in the Earth's shadow, called totality, the Moon will turn an eerie shade of red as sunlight bends through the Earth's atmosphere to reach it.  After totality, the Earth's shadow will slowly wipe off the Moon and return it to its normal, full self.
You Don't Have To Root For The Seal When The Shark Gives Chase 
Cybernetic Synthetic Biology And The Internet Of Living Things If it was possible, then the extension of \the internet of things\ to \the internet of biology\ e.g., bacteria, molds, plants and crops should also be possible -- in fact all living things could be networked and online.
This May Be The Mother Of All PMS Myths 
This Slow-Motion Video Of Tattooing Is Painfully Beautiful 
Are Nasty Comments Like These Keeping Women Out Of Science? 
Breaking the Rules -- And Feeling Good About It Intriguingly, people don't lie and cheat indiscriminately -- simply because they can get away with it. Even when there is no chance of being found out, people show some level of aversion to acting unethically. They want it both ways
Vaccinations Ignorance, false claims to expertise and scientific illiteracy are threatening our children's health.
Scientists Find Another Way Pooches Are Just Like People 
Be Mesmerized By This Magnetized Iron Dust Dancing To Music 
After Decades Of Effort, Chemists Overseas Report 'Nano' Breakthrough 
Mysterious 'Fireball' Was Actually Russian Spy Satellite, Experts Say 
He Saw Things No One Else Would For Another 50 Years 
Scientists Discover Dinosaur With Massive Schnoz 
New Study Of Killer Chimps Sparks Major Debate 
Scientist Shoots Down Theory About Peacock Tails 
Taking Science Education Seriously Learning about the science of climate change may be uncomfortable for some visitors to the Perot Museum. But sometimes reality is uncomfortable -- and visitors to the museum need to see that.
Addressing a Diversity Problem in Human Genetics Less than 1 percent of the Ph.D.s in fields related to human genetic research go to Native Americans, and they make up less than one fifth of 1 percent of the members of the American Society of Human Genetics. This is particularly troubling in light of a history of exploitative genetics research with Native American communities.
Scientists Discover Spooky Influence On Baby Name Choices 
Puberty Suppression for Transgender Adolescents Works Puberty suppression for gender-dysphoric adolescents has only been around since the late 1990s. The Center of Expertise on Gender Dysphoria at Amsterdam's VU University pioneered this approach, and their recent online publication of a longitudinal study in the journal Pediatrics offers insights into how some of these kids fare.
Scientists Say They've Created A Freaky New Form Of Light 
Ancient Flying Beast Named After 'Avatar' Creature 
Ovulating Women Prefer Images of Penetration Over Images of Oral Sex Canadian researchers found that during ovulation the female genitalia is more responsive to images of penetration than to images of oral sex. The difference is significantly reduced during non-fertile phases of the menstrual cycle.
The Freaky Thing Your Brain Can Do While You're Asleep 
Solar Storms According to some calculations, there's a 16 percent chance that a significant CME will hit the earth dead center in the next decade.  You might want to tell your power company to think about hurrying up with that surge protector and shunt.
Looking for an Oasis in the Energy Desert! It sounds like some exotic story that you would find in a National Geographic magazine, but it's actually a story that many physicists are increasingly worried about!
'Evolution Right Now Is in the Marketplace' George Church -- professor at Harvard and MIT, multifaceted researcher, entrepreneur, author and advocate of open-access genomics -- gives good quotation. The latest publication to exploit this is The Economist, which just ran a feature about him called \Welcome to my genome,\ which includes some of Church's predictions for human genetic modification.
This Week in Science Stonehenge was surrounded by a complex of smaller henges and pit-like monuments that appear to have astronomical significance, according to new 3D-scanned maps of the area around the ancient stone circle.
After Long Drive, Rover Brags About Its Arrival 
LISTEN 
Earth Orbit For many years, I have been anticipating the start of a revolution in the satellite market, in which the majority of the satellites built and launched would be of the micro, nano, pico, and femto variety.
People Talk 'Brain-To-Brain' For First Time Ever 
Teen Weed Users May Face High Risk For Dependence 
This Robotic Couch Takes Laziness To A Whole New Level 
New Map Proves Astronauts Really Are Tweeting The Best Pictures Of Earth 
Tragic End For Sex Gecko Space Experiment 
On This Labor Day, Astronauts Go 'Off-Duty' 
Action Movies Have Weird Effect On Your Eating, New Study Shows 
New Study Examining Kids' Alcohol Consumption Yields Big Surprise 
Controversial Star Cluster Mystery Solved 
'Science Guy' Says He And Neil deGrasse Tyson Are Running For President 
Retired Research Chimps Are Really Enjoying Their New Home 
These Wacky Facts About Goats Are A Bleating Good Time 
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW 
Freaky Experiment May Prove We Live Inside A Hologram 
Stephen Hawking Takes Ice Bucket Challenge On His Own Terms 
PHOTOS 
The Hall of Shame -- Who Is Failing the Severely Ill? The mental health industry works very hard to convince government to throw money at \mental health\ problems that are very broadly and loosely defined, instead of having a clear focus on delivering basic services to the seriously ill.
Here's How To Calculate The Speed Of Light In Your Own Home 
LOOK 
Veteran NASA Astronaut Dies at 67 
WATCH 
These Toothless Giants Once Ruled The Skies 
Debate Over Saturn's Rings Finally Resolved? 
Rover Runs Into Trouble, Turns Back 
Forget Space Travel If the type of telescope described here can be built, then the tyranny of distance is vanquished. You can forget deep space probes and their long travel times. We could explore alien worlds in the comfort of our own homes, as our laptops scroll and zoom through data sets collected by a mammoth, space-based telescope array.
Beam a Message to Mars! An ambitious campaign by the space fundraising group Uwingu starts today that will allow participants to beam a message to Mars.
Mysterious Light Seen Near Huge Black Hole 
Bone Study Reveals Richard III Ate Like A King, Drank Like A Fish 
Space Aliens Are Already Here Until astronomers detect signs of life on Earth-like plants around Sun-like stars, or until SETI searches record an old TV show broadcast by a civilization circling another star, we will have to be satisfied with these tiny, fluffy space aliens.
Martians in Houston I realized how easily we immerse ourselves in our own disciplines and envelop ourselves in our own values, and that exiting these self-imposed and limiting confines is key to understanding and propelling ourselves toward any future -- especially the one we humans envision on Mars.
WATCH 
I Am a Botanist (And No, I Don't Grow Marijuana) We should not be reluctant to embrace the one word that has always encompassed everything that we do
'Flock Of Pterosaurs' Discovered In Single Bone Bed 
Scientists May Have Found The Fix For Nut Allergies 
WATCH LIVE 
Weightlessness Throws These Cats For A Loop 
WATCH 
Black Hole Mystery May Finally Be Solved 
Invite-a-Scientist In April I asked a group of sixth graders from Beaufort Middle School in North Carolina, \Do I look like a scientist to you?\ A young boy sitting in the corner of the room loudly answered, \Uh, yeah. Why not?\
What We Need to Learn From the Ebola Epidemic Luckily, the two Americans who received ZMapp, the new experimental drug for Ebola, seem to be improving, which holds great promise and hope for thousands of other people but also raises broader ethical issues and questions.
From Space, A Lightning Storm Looks Like An Alien Invasion 
Does Penis Size Matter? 
Watching Schr\u00f6dinger's Cat Die University of California, Berkeley, physicists have, for the first time, showed that, in fact, it's possible to follow the metaphorical cat through the whole process, whether he lives or dies in the end.
A Journey to an Amazing Earth-like Planet! Let's take a look at one of the most intriguing of the 1,739 confirmed exoplanets that is both Earth-sized and in the habitable zone of its star. Known only by its catalog number, Kepler-186f, it has no name yet, but we know quite a bit about it already.
From Whale Songs to the Beatles Vocal communication of whales sounds like songs whales sing to each other. So if our algorithm was able to analyze songs made by whales, we started to wonder how well it could analyze songs made by humans. It just made sense to give it a try.
'Oomph' and Origin of Life at Hydrothermal Vents Following are excerpts from my interviews on the origin of life at hydrothermal springs with Michael Russell and Elbert Branscomb, peppered with comments from Nick Lane.
We Need to Learn How to Throw Away Data As an experimental particle physicist working at the Large Hadron Collider, learning to handle large amounts of data is a necessary skill. In addition, one needs to learn how to differentiate between something that is useful and something that is not.
Scientists Reveal Secret To Boosting Your Metabolism During Sleep 
Now There's A Cookbook For Lab-Grown Meat 
Mars Life on Mars is inevitable.  Now, such a statement may sound audacious, farfetched, and maybe even just a little bit crazy. It might be viewed as being just a wild prognostication about finding extraterrestrial microbial life on Mars - but it is based firmly in the realm of reality.
Cinnamon Has a Whole New Reason to Be Dubbed a 'Superfood' A recent study suggests that cinnamon may be good for a lot more than sticky buns. For the first time, the dietary addition of cinnamon powder has been shown to be effective at slowing or even halting the progression of a neurodegenerative disease.
Pilot Makes Major Discovery In Peruvian Desert 
Million-Dollar Proof Eludes Mathematicians 
Scientific Integrity At times there are certain problems with published research results. One could be forgiven for drawing the conclusion that there is something rotten in the research enterprise.
WATCH 
Comet Chaser To Attempt Historic Rendezvous This Week 
'Arrogant' King's 2,100-Year-Old Mausoleum Discovered 
Apparently, Giant Anteaters Can Kill People 
Ancient Bones Reveal Bizarre Iron Age Rituals 
Ancient Species Of Penguin Would Have Been Taller Than Humans 
NASA Reveals Plans For New Rover 
Here's The Real Magic That Comes From Reading Harry Potter 
Strange Supernova Has Astronomers Scratching Their Heads 
Nine Steps Closer to Safe Science A new study released July 31 by the National Research Council may help prevent future accidents by challenging current safety standards in academic and nonindustrial labs across the U.S. with nine recommendations aimed at the higher-education and scientific community.
Why the Aliens Want Earth You've got to wonder what would motivate creatures from other worlds to suffer a journey of hundreds of trillions of miles to visit our planet? Why bother? I've been asked this question at least a half-dozen times by Hollywood writers, and the best answer I can muster is \I don't know.\
Ancient Earth's 'Face-Lift' Detailed In New Model 
Americans Aren't Sure If Trying To Contact Aliens Is Such A Great Idea 
Lucid Dreaming 
Do You See the Universe Clearly? If you use your intuition, believe what others tell you on first blush, or simply try to calculate your way to conclusions, probably not. If you view the world empirically, watching as numerous observations and experiments put together conclusions, then yes, you see the world as a scientist.
Stone Artifacts Yield Big Surprise About Seafaring Empire 
Enjoy the Show Hollywood blockbusters are not science documentaries nor do they pretend to be, they are pure entertainment that recognizes the interest and fascination people have with nature, natural disasters, and the Earth.
Astronomers Size Up Alien Planet Like Never Before 
Sex Geckos Circle The Earth In Out-Of-Control Russian Satellite 
Female Trainees In The Sciences Report Harassment And Assault Our main findings -- that women trainees were disproportionately targeted for abuse, and that targets generally felt they had few avenues to report or resolve these problems -- suggest that at least some science field sites are neither safe nor inclusive.
Where You Look Shows Whether You're In Love\u2014Or Just Lusting 
WATCH 
A Talk With C. Randal Mills, New Head of the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine In April 2014, C. Randal Mills was named President and CEO of the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine, a San Francisco-based agency created in 2004 to allocate over $3 billion in funding for stem cell research for California. I recently caught up with Randy to discuss his new role at CIRM and the road ahead.
EXPLAINED 
Giant Hole In Siberia Has Scientists Scratching Their Heads 
WATCH 
Scientists Discover Bizarre Feathered Dino 
LOOK 
Anticipation We all spend a lot of time waiting in lines -- way more than we'd like. But what if we're waiting for something new and exciting? Doesn't waiting for new purchases become a positive experience, where we actually savor the anticipation so much that it trumps our impatience? Well, yes and no.
Scientists Close To Making Incredible Discovery 
A Day Among the Giants Upon approach, offshore oil and gas platforms appear industrial and lifeless -- devoid of any life, besides the humming of industry. Their potential to function as artificial reef systems seems impossible. Yet we have found that offshore oil and gas platforms provide one of the most unique artificial ecosystems in California.
LOOK 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Ancient Lake Dwellers May Have Given Gruesome Gifts To The Gods 
POLL 
Wearing Red Has Weird Effect On Other Women, New Study Shows 
This Week In Science Scientists captured the first microscopic images of photosynthesis in action, showing a clump of proteins called photosystem II splitting water molecules into electrons, protons, and oxygen.
Archaeologists Find Oldest Known Case Of Down Syndrome 
Why Are There No Drugs For Ebola Virus? The first outbreak of Ebola was in 1976 -- nearly 40 years ago -- so why is there yet no cure?
Cosmic Dust Mystery May Have Just Been Solved 
Ancient Ear Raises New Questions About Human Evolution 
Scientists Discover Tiniest Hedgehog Ever 
4 Under-Represented Ways We Could Go Extinct As the morbid and jaded creatures we are, humans really get a kick out of pondering our species' ultimate demise. It's time we give some love to more obscure, but still scientifically plausible means of extinction.
Selling Stem Cells Honestly Scientists around the world are campaigning in favor of sensible regulation of stem-cell therapies. The recent conference of the International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR) opened with a panel discussion about how to sort the real from the bogus treatments.
REVEALED 
WATCH 
Kangaroos Actually Have Five Legs... Sort Of 
MYSTERY 
Here's How Independence Day Is Being Celebrated Aboard The ISS 
How Magic Mushrooms Alter Your Mind Like A Dream 
Here's Why People Actually Hate Having Nothing To Do 
Jack Szostak on 'Life in the Lab' (And Autocatalytic Sets) I first met Jack Szostak at the Simons Foundation this spring, and then again at the World Science Festival, where he announced he'd have \life in the lab\ in three to five years.  Our conversation follows.
Recollections of the Big Bang About 13.8 billion years ago, the hydrogen in my body emerged from the Big Bang. It spent eons just hanging around in the rapidly expanding and cooling universe. As stars became supernovae, the other elements in my body were forged and ejected into space.
Why Liberals & Conservatives Aren't As Different As You Think 
WATCH 
Were Scientists Wrong About Reefs? 
What Music Do Animals Like? Research published today by the American Psychological Association has shown that chimpanzees prefer listening to West African akan and North Indian raga over listening to silence. What does this say about the evolutionary purpose of music?
Stemming the Leaks and Backflow in the STEM Diversity Pipeline Built into this pipeline metaphor is the assumption that the pipeline lays flat and that the momentum of every individual going through is unchanged. The data tell a different story.
Prehistoric Poop Yields Big Surprise About Neanderthals 
Richard Dawkins and the Mating Dance of Planets At an international conference in Mexico a few years ago, Richard Dawkins, having expounded at length on how sexual natural selection explains life on Earth without any need for a \creator,\ went on to say, \And I am sure that something like the principle of natural selection operates in the physical universe as well.\ Sounds totally silly? Well, there's more to it
Revenge of the Jocks -- and Adventures in Academic Peer Review New research published this month shows that -- justifiably or not -- people who played a varsity high school sport are expected to be more self-confident, have more self-respect, and demonstrate more leadership than people who were part of other extracurriculars.
2.2-Million-Year-Old Fossil Made A Lot Of Scientists Very, Very Upset 
Mysterious Object Spotted On Distant Moon 
Who Knew Sauropods Could Be So Small? 
Sleep Study Looks At Link Between Shut-Eye, Exam Scores 
I'm a Scientist With Learning Disabilities and That's Okay! Intelligence, like pretty much everything else subjective, is on a spectrum. And just because you may be lower than average in one or every single area, doesn't have anything to do with how good you will be at your job whether that's a scientist, clinician or business woman.
Computing a Cure for HIV Scientists harness the power of thousands of computer processors simultaneously to better understand how the HIV virus interacts with the cells it infects, to discover or design new drugs that can attack the virus at its weak spots and even to use genetic information about the exact variants of the virus to develop patient-specific treatments.
YIKES 
A Day in the Life of a Field Biologist I love insects, which is probably why I became a scientist, focusing on these extraordinary critters and their relationships with plants in the forest canopy. But insects also love me -- and a recent research trip to Ethiopia proved no exception.
Rescuing the Artifacts of Space Calling all techno-archaeologists
World's Hardest Gems Fabricated By Scientists Overseas 
Scientists Get First-Ever Glimpse Of Elusive Mineral 
Solstice Time The 12-hour Babylonian solar day persisted into our era because it was embedded in culture too,  especially where the culture was agrarian. The deficiencies of Berossas' clock, so evident to us, may have escaped its users. I find a hint of this in a 1909 travel book, High Albania, by the intrepid Edith Durham.
Matt Powner Protocell pioneer Matthew Powner has the fresh-faced good looks of an athlete you'd expect to show up at World Cup 2014, and a voice somewhat reminiscent of the \British Invasion.\ But the relaxed focus he projects signals something profoundly more urgent
Believe It or Not, Big Tobacco May Help Make Anti-Addiction Drugs Much of the research into nicotinic compounds comes from Big Tobacco, the makers and marketers of one of the most addictive substances on the planet and the single most preventable cause of death. Researchers even believe that understanding nicotine may lead one day to an effective \cure\ for smoking.
The Meaning of Happiness Changes Over Your Lifetime So if happiness is as important a goal in life as American culture makes it seem, we need to understand how age affects it. Only then can we know how to better treat our families, communities, and citizens of all ages.
LISTEN 
World's Oldest Rocks Found To Contain Key Building Block For Life 
WATCH 
Fairies, Witches and Astronauts What were all the boys who were running away from girls like me running toward, you might ask? Their glorious futures, of course. If boys wanted to fly, they had plenty of assistance.
Scientists Crack Mystery Of Tiny Traveling Plants 
5 Ways Fatherhood Changes A Man's Brain 
LOOK 
Full Moon To Fall On Friday The 13th 
WATCH 
When Science Fiction Gets Real Many science fiction writers have rather accurately predicted future technologies, including the rise of the Internet and the demise of quality television. In doing so, they have given us language and ideas that have shaped the digital age in which we live.
Moon Mystery May Finally Have Been Solved 
Can Human Body Be Tricked Into Burning Calories? 
Will Amelia Earhart Help Unlock Secrets of Climate Change TIGHAR is planning a search of the coral reef face at Nikumaroro Atoll in the central Pacific, where its researchers think Earhart's airplane wound up after it went missing on July 2, 1937.
Sisterhood I met three impressive Mars One women last weekend
A Troublesome Controversy As Nicholas Wade's new book demonstrates, the category error that confuses human genetic variation with socially constructed race remains all too common.
DISCOVERED 
New Laser Device May Be A Drunk Driver's Worst Nightmare 
Are We Getting The Science Of Sun Exposure All Wrong? 
Skull Reveals Ancient Secrets Of Weird 'Worm Lizard' 
WATCH 
YIKES 
The End of the Universe In his new book, The Beginning and the End
Ambitious Test On Tap For Real-Life 'Flying Saucer' 
Climate Probably Didn't Cause Extinctions, Researchers Say 
'Clumping' Study Pokes Holes In Black Hole Theory 
Particle Physics for the Future in the U.S. The Division of Particles and Fields in the American Physical Society started a community planning exercise in 2013 to help plan the next 10 years of particle physics investments in light of the Higgs discovery, new information about neutrinos, and new information about dark energy and the accelerating universe.
Dogs Helped Drive Mammoths To Their Graves, New Study Suggests 
A Troublesome Response In his response to comments by me, Jon Marks and Jennifer Raff, Wade does not take on any substantive aspect of the debate; rather, he misrepresents the science again and takes a shot at our credentials as scholars. Here is a very quick response to his comments, in hopes of correcting the record and getting this debate back to the science.
Caveman Campsite Unearthed At Site Of New Embassy 
DISCOVERED 
Brain Evolution Study Shows What We Gave Up To Get Smart 
LOOK 
Nicholas Wade and Race Wade can't justify his first and primary point
Archimedes The scientist who personifies the greatest achievements of Greek and Western science was Archimedes. He applied mathematics for the understanding of the natural world and the cosmos.
LOOK 
Brain Scans Point To New Way To Spot Pedophiles 
LOOK 
The Days of Our Lives, One Day at a Time Unfortunately, CBT is not readily available to everyone who might benefit from the therapy. It's rarely used in settings where addicts are typically treated, in large part because there are not enough well-trained therapists to meet the need.
Why We Feel Others' Pain -- or Don't What is it that makes two minds respond so differently to the same encounter with misfortune?
Exploring the Invisible Much of modern physics has been about exploring inherently invisible things, which seem to be far more common than the obvious things we experience with our senses. Yet these invisible things follow rigorous laws that allow us to test their existence in many ways. Here is a very short list of some of the \invisible\ things that we routinely work with.
LOOK 
New Theory Emerges About Destructive Space Rock 
'They're Running Out Of Time' 
Powerful Solar Flare Reveals Its Secrets 
Even Prehistoric People Liked To Drink And Do Drugs 
LISTEN 
Global Compassion and the Nigerian Schoolgirls Why do we care when we see the Nigerian schoolgirls who are the prisoners of Boko Haram? We do watch. Most of us don't change the channel. Why?
Measuring the Impact of Scientific Articles Not all papers published in a particular journal, whatever its impact factor may be, will have the same impact
National Science Olympiad at UCF Orlando 
SOLVED? Massive Magnetic Star Mystery 
WATCH 
Prolific Planet Hunter Gets New Mission 
On Mars, Who's in Charge? One sign we're on our way not just to visit, but to colonize, Mars is that people are talking about what sort of governance the first settlers will implement and adhere to.
10,000 Young Toddlers Are on Stimulant Drugs for ADHD Treating babies with stimulants is based on no research, is reckless, and takes no account of the possible harmful long-term effects of bathing baby brains with powerful neurotransmitter drugs.
Does THIS Trigger Lightning On Earth? 
Facial Features Just May Affect Women's Odds Of A Political Win 
Scientists May Have Found 'Internal Fountain Of Youth' 
REVEALED 
Old Bones Show Black Death Had 'Silver Lining' 
Personality Tests Show Surprising Link Between Chimps, Humans 
WATCH 
Why Are Farts So Universally Reviled? 
Replace the Modern Synthesis (Neo-Darwinism) Denis Noble's understanding of music is clearly reflected in the elegance with which he communicates science.  Maybe that's partly why he was invited to China to talk about evolution and the need to move beyond neo-Darwinism. (Noble prefers the term \modern synthesis.\)
Mending Broken Hearts When Hina Chaudhry at Mount Sinai School of Medicine heard that women in the last few months of pregnancy have the highest rate of recovery from heart failure, she wondered whether it might be the fetal cardiomyocytes that are doing the repair. Chaudhry has confirmed her suspicions.
Spotting Poker Bluffs Two winners of the International Poker Tournament, in different years, sought my advice on calling bluffs, knowing that I am an expert in spotting liars. I told them I had not played poker since junior high and had never watched poker being played. They thought that didn't matter. It turned out they were wrong.
Gold Rush Shipwreck Yields Trove Of Lost Treasures 
Chilly Neutrons Help Shed Light On 'Dark' Mysteries 
WATCH LIVE 
Distant 'Burst' Offers Look Back At Universe's Dark Ages 
WATCH 
Stranger Than Science... Or Is It? Bouncing balls of light after a lightning storm have been reported for centuries, but only since about the 1960s have scientists started to carefully study them and discover that not only are they real and not fictions of folklore, but they are very hard to understand.
Time To Rewrite The Periodic Table? 
Simple Thought Experiment Helps Answer 'Arrow Of Time' Question 
Sure-Fire Sign Of Alien Life May Be No Such Thing, Scientists Say 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Myth Breaking in Physics Opening up your life to a camera crew is intrusive, but I did so for Particle Fever, a documentary about particle physics, because I am determined to see one major myth broken
Second Man On Moon Claims Selfie First 
F---ing Love (Hate) This! With more than 13 million \likes,\ I F---ing Love Science is the big winner among Facebook pages devoted to science and science communicators. And it would probably be very popular even without the \F\ bomb.  Or would it?
How Often Do Solar Eclipses Occur Anyway? 
Grisly Relic Tested For Beheaded King's DNA 
The Truth About Global Warming Despite all the debate you often hear about global warming, the basic scientific case is so simple that it can be reduced to a three-step deductive argument.
WATCH 
Meet The Granddaddy Of All Pterodactyls 
My Prediction There will soon be a tipping point when parental common sense, sobering research findings, and media exposure will overwhelm the marketing and political might of the unscrupulous drug companies and the careless prescribing habits of physicians.
Key Anti-Vaccine Arguments BUSTED 
'Werewolves' Aren't Quite As Common As We Thought 
WATCH 
Astronauts To Reveal Troubling Findings About Asteroids Hitting Earth 
All Psychiatry Is Personal Last week I went to a presentation by Robert Whitaker, author of Anatomy of an Epidemic
Researchers Take On Kermadec Trench Dive To Find Unknown Deep-Sea Creatures The Kermadec Trench dives 32,963 feet (10,047 meters) deep offshore of New Zealand in the Pacific Ocean. Waters flowing into
Consider Doing Nothing And It Just Might Make You More Productive The study included three separate experiments in which more than 100 men and women were put into different groups to complete
Non-Newtonian Fluids Rock Out As Stars Of Jack White's New Music Video The popular new music video for musician Jack White's song \High Ball Stepper\ is more than just fantastically awesome. It's
Nearby 'Minimoons' Eyed As Possible Targets For Future Manned Space Missions The DoD uses radar and optical tools to detect spy satellites from other countries, Bottke said. But the question arises
No Child Left Undiagnosed Egged on by well meaning (and not so well meaning) experts and by greedy drug companies, we are fast approaching this dystopic wonderland of universal childhood mental illness.
Fathers, Daughters and the Second Shift Wives still report doing about twice as much housework and childcare as their husbands. One difference is that today's couples, even if they unconsciously embrace traditional gender stereotypes and live less-than-egalitarian lives, may publicly proclaim more egalitarian values.
Ellen DeGeneres Gives A Quirky Quantum Physics Lesson (VIDEO) \Here is a black hole,\ Ellen says in the video. \You can all see it, right? Wrong, you can't. They're invisible. No one
Baby Volcanic Island Niijima Merges With Older Neighbor In Pacific Ocean (PHOTOS) As a seafloor volcano continues to erupt in a remote part of the Pacific Ocean, a newborn island has swallowed its neighbor
Supermassive Black Holes Were Born Big, Spacecraft Data Suggest \We still don't know how the monstrous black holes that reside in galaxy centers formed,\ lead author Shobita Satyapal, of
This Chain Reaction Of 150 Mousetraps Is A Lesson In Pain (VIDEO) Results
Big Brown Bats Call 'Dibs' On Their Food, Study Shows This story has been provided by AAAS, the non-profit science society, and its international journal, Science. See more ScienceShots
Violent Video Games Don't Exist Violent video games don't exist -- in fact, nor do nonviolent video games. That latter point may actually be easier to demonstrate. Given the way the term \violent video games\ is defined in the scholarly community, almost all video games are violent video games, including Pac-Man.
Teen's Science Fair Font Project Could Save Government Millions Fourteen-year-old Suvir Mirchandani has adapted his sixth-grader science fair project from Dorseyville Middle School in Pittsburgh
Why Was Stonehenge Built? Seven Odd Theories About Mysterious Monument Explained The newest theory suggests the dolerites and sarsens at Stonehenge produce unique, subtly different sounds similar to hollow
Pythons Have Surprising Homing Ability, New Snake Navigation Study Finds (VIDEO) Researchers hope the new observation, published online today in Biology Letters, will help them paint a more complete picture
Physicists Calculate Mass Of Top Quark, Heaviest Elementary Particle More than 6,000 scientists from more than 50 countries were involved in the research. The CDF and DZero experiments first
Loblolly Pine Tree Sets New Record For Biggest Genome Ever Sequenced (VIDEO) Using a single pollinated pine seed, the team assembled the largest genome ever sequenced
Creationists Demand Airtime On Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos' Tyson recently addressed providing balance when it comes to discussing science. In an interview with CNN, the astronomer
Wisdom or Madness in the Crowd The madness of March is ever upon us with Harvard, yet again, busting brackets of many and Mercer possibly spoiling many others billion dollar dreams.
Mercury Has Shrunk More Than Previously Thought, New Maps Of Planet Suggest (Editing by Marguerita Choy) In addition to learning more about how Mercury evolved, the discovery has implications for assessing
Animal Rights Activists Shift Tactics, Targeting Individual Scientists & Businesses Personal attacks, in particular, appear to be on the rise. The report looks at 220 reported illegal incidents within the
Native Americans' Ancestors Got Stuck On Land Bridge On Way To Americas, New Research Suggests Exactly how Native Americans first entered North America has been hotly debated. In one theory, people crossed the Bering
We Bet You Can't Tell Where That Bottle Came From (VIDEO) ) Visual perception is tricky business. Just take a look at this clever new video posted by magician-turned-psychologist
NASA May Be Able To Predict Sinkholes Though researchers are optimistic that radar imagery could pinpoint subtle land deformations, those changes may not be an
Dark Matter Disk Could Have Killed Dinosaurs, Scientists Say They compared their model, using a 35-million year cycle, with the record of craters more than 20 kilometres wide and created
Animal Propulsion Study Reveals How Jellyfish & Other Species Bend The Rules Of Motion (VIDEO) This pressure gradient pulls the jellyfish through the water with little exertion. Research on jellyfish propulsion over
Scientists Pinpoint Source Of Stonehenge's Smaller Stones In New Study (VIDEO) The Wiltshire, England, site harbors evidence of ancient occupation, with traces of pine posts raised about 10,500 years
First, Do No Harm Justina Pelletier has been in the news lately. She's a 15-year-old girl from West Hartford, CT who loves ice skating and going to the mall with friends.  However, she's not in the news for her accomplishments.
Bill Nye 'The Science Guy' Answers All Your Questions About Bow Ties (VIDEO) What would Bill Nye be without his signature bow tie? You're probably familiar with the \Science Guy\ and his trademark fashion
Why Believe in God but Not Santa Claus? Why do religious people trash some implausible beliefs but keep others?  Perhaps they get something out of the beliefs they keep.
Why There Will Be No Cure for Depression In an era of tight budgets, supporters of depression research argue that more funding is needed to find a cure. That's logical-sounding but may be totally wrong. Depression's toll has risen even as more research and treatment resources have been poured into combating it.
Consensual Sadomasochism May Actually Lead To Altered States Of Consciousness Spiritual, not sexual \We see this interesting disconnect,\ Sagarin said. \We think this may be indicative of the types of
'Space Elevators' Could Provide Safe & Efficient Cosmic Travel, Researchers Say Swan said the giggle factor regarding space elevators is \down significantly\ given work carried out over the last decade
Garbage In, Garbage Out A study denouncing the value of mammography tore through the news cycle last week, leading many women to once again question the need for these breast cancer screenings. What was left out of many of the media reports are serious doubts about the validity of this study.
Here's Proof That Beautiful Math Equations Affect The Brain Just Like Great Art Srinivasa Ramanujan\u2019s infinite series of 1/pi, which was rated as the ugliest mathematical formula. Mathematicians sometimes
Massive Asteroid To Brush Past Earth Monday (VIDEO) You can also watch the asteroid broadcast live on Space.com. Scientists estimate that 2000 EM26 is about 885 feet (270 meters
'Atomtronics' Research Suggests New Quantum Devices May Be Feasible In atomtronics, clouds of atoms are super-cooled to form a collective quantum state known as a Bose-Einstein condensate (BEC
Is The Universe A Simulation? IN Mikhail Bulgakov\u2019s\u00a0novel \u201cThe Master and Margarita,\u201d the protagonist, a writer, burns a manuscript in a moment of despair
NASA's Moon Dust Spacecraft Beams New Lunar Photos To Earth \Star tracker cameras are actually not very good at taking ordinary images,\ Butler Hine LADEE project manager said in a
First Map of Jupiter's Giant Moon Ganymede Unveiled (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published
The Sun Orbits The Earth, According To 1 In 4 Americans As NPR pointed out, European and Asian countries fared much better on the evolution question. According to a new National
Can You Pass The Science Quiz That Too Many Americans Failed? Answers
Mars 'Doughnut' Rock Mystery Solved By NASA's 'Opportunity' Rover Team Researchers responsible for operating the rover figured out that the Mars \doughnut\ rock was flicked into view by the rover
Religious People More Likely To Feel They're Addicted To Porn, New Study Shows Is porn addiction real? Compared with their less spiritual peers, people who identified as very religious were more likely
Bonobos Keep Time To Music Like Humans, Study Shows Related research on a rescued sea lion, which has no innate rhythmic ability, shows that with training, it could bob its
What NASA Is For Despite all the agency has done, despite all it has to offer, so long as human spaceflight is at the core of NASA's existence, it will never evolve beyond a faint echo of its prior self.
Exotic Particles & Extra Dimensions May Await Discovery, Physicist Says Another idea suggests that the particles that have already been found are not actually fundamental, meaning they have a sub
'Guggenheim' Painting Shown To Be Fake With Help Of 'Bomb Peak' Technique \It is due to this rapid change that works from those years can be dated extremely accurately,\ Mand\u00f2 added. \In this case
Hubble Space Telescope Helps Solve Mystery Of Universe's Massive Galactic Burnouts \We at last show how these compact galaxies can form, how it happened, and when it happened,\ Toft said. \This basically
What's the Hottest BBQ Fuel? Propane vs. Natural Gas You may have wondered why we don't use hydrogen as a BBQ fuel. I know I used to wonder. Turns out there's a very good reason we don't use hydrogen as a BBQ fuel -- in fact, just two words will suffice to explain.
Everything You Know About Beauty May Be Wrong High school student Ally Cavazos made this for a class project. It's about a magic number you use every day without realizing
Underwater 'Fairy Rings' In Baltic Sea Caused By Poison, Biologists Say The biologists concluded that the rings formed because of the radiating pattern in which the eelgrass grows \u2014 and dies when
Poll Shows We Want Those DNA Breakthroughs But Worry Scientists May Be 'Playing God' Most Americans are excited about the possibility of scientific breakthroughs brought by DNA research, a new HuffPost/YouGov
Counting on Math for Super Bowl Prediction Which team is going to win the Super Bowl this year? While fans (short for fanatics, right?) may have strong subjective feelings about the outcome, it is possible to come up with an objective prediction based in mathematics.
Hawaii Space Photos Prove Earth's Most Isolated Landmass Is Also Its Prettiest NASA Astronaut Rex J. Walheim took these amazing images during a 2008 Space Shuttle Mission to the International Space Station
Evidence For Universe Inflation Theory May Lurk In New Data From Planck Space Probe This theory, known as inflation, is currently the dominant explanation for what happened after the Big Bang and for how the
Milky Way's Black Hole To Gobble Giant Gas Cloud Soon, Scientists Say While many astronomers describe G2 as a large cloud about a dozen times more massive than Earth, it could also be a smaller
Kids' Space Art Will Remind You To Marvel At The Wonders Of Our Universe Like A Child Have you ever turned a cardboard box into a spaceship and pretended that you were going to outer space? When you're a kid
John Dobson, the Astronomer Who Showed Us What's 'Way the Hell Out There' Eccentric telescope pioneer and world-renowned astronomer John Dobson passed away this month at the age of 98. He revolutionized astronomy with a homemade telescope design now belovedly known as the Dobsonian Telescope and made the sky more accessible to the backyard star gazer.
Prostate Adventures Cancer is tough to kill. It may go into remission and come back later. Fortunately, the California stem cell program is pretty tough too.
Are Health Scientists Healthy? Behavioral scientists don't just study irrationality; we live with it. Despite our own efforts to live rational lives and all the effort we spend designing environments that help people behave more rationally, we scientists find ourselves choosing irrationally.
Mars One Candidates Debate Giving Up Everything To Move To Red Planet (VIDEO) Mars One will continue to sift through applicants, planning to establish the first human settlement on Mars in 2024. These
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo Space Plane Goes Supersonic In Third Test Flight (VIDEO) This photo of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo in flight shows the view aft as the private space plane made its third supersonic
Rosetta, ESA's Comet-Chasing Space Probe, Waking Up After Long Sleep Rosetta, the first spacecraft built to orbit a comet and land a probe on these icy nomads, is now waking up after more than
Hookworm Genome Sequenced, Raising Hopes Of Cures For Painful Infection Hookworm infection is not deadly for most people, although newborns and pregnant women may die from infection. However, its
Natural Ball Lightning Recorded By Scientists For First Time Ever (VIDEO) Using spectrographs to observe the storm, the researchers discovered that elements found in the local soil -- silicon, iron
King Alfred The Great's Pelvic Bone May Have Been Discovered In Museum Storage Box Radiocarbon tests showed that it dates between the years 895 and 1017. Further skeletal analysis showed that the bone belonged
Gladiators In London? Decapitated Skulls Spotlight Brutal Ways Of Ancient Romans Archaeologists now say the 39 skulls are probably all that's left of young men beheaded by Roman soldiers or felled by their
Funding Cancer Research Pink ribbons are for breast cancer, dark blue ribbons are for colon cancer, and so on. But cancer is more a disease of genes than one of specific tissues, so the specialization of our research and educational efforts based solely on a given cancer's tissue of origin could have detrimental aspects.
Defining Death The case of Jahi McMath, the 13-year-old girl declared brain dead at Children's Hospital Oakland on Dec. 12, is but the most recent example of a 40-year-old national perplexity and the controversy that it is capable of unleashing.
World Record For Longest Man-Made Echo Shattered In Scotland (LISTEN) \u201cIt was like going underground into a Bond villain's lair,\ Cox told The Independent. \I started off just playing around
Who Are the Animals in Animal Experiments? I have tried to draw attention to the general ineffectiveness of animal experiments and how they impede our chances of finding cures. I have focused on the human side of the equation. But just who are these animals abused in experimentation?
Magnetic Levitation Explained In Incredible Slow Motion (VIDEO) Want to levitate? All you need are magnets, liquid nitrogen and superconductors. Well, maybe not exactly. But if you want
'Lost' Remains Of Ancient Georgian Queen Ketevan Unearthed In India Tumultuous life The arm bone once belonged to a female with a genetic lineage, or haplogroup, known as U1b, the analysis
Ocean's Huge Underwater Waves Explained By Seafloor Ridges (VIDEO) The ocean itself is divided because colder, saltier water is denser and sinks below hotter, less salty water. Scientists
Celebrating Amelia Earhart as a Female Aviator My own story with aviation could be described as a teenage romance that grew into a lifelong love affair.
Why Does Amelia Earhart Still Resonate in the 21st Century? With each new theory or book or expedition, her name remains in the public arena.  But is that the only reason Earhart is remembered?  Why do people continue to search and more importantly, to care?
Amelia Earhart At a time when women and minorities were rarely seen in the cockpit of an airplane, Amelia Earhart's pioneering achievements broke the silence barrier, inspired a nation and paved the way for so many others who have followed in her path.
Exploring Amelia Earhart's Disappearance Amelia Earhart and her navigator, Fred Noonan, disappeared over the Pacific in 1937.  What happened to them? There are three main hypotheses -- that is, educated guesses that can be tested through research and exploration.
'Acoustic Levitation' VIDEO Makes Us Yearn For A Speaker Setup Like This In a 2012 article, Scientific American explained
Ancient Pompeii's Elite Ate Giraffe & Sea Urchin, New Research Suggests For instance, the drains at a more central property contained traces of imported foods such as shellfish, sea urchin and
Fusion, Fission, and Fossil Fuels Even if controlled fusion is still a long way from reaching fruition, nuclear energy remains the best and perhaps the only long-term, large-scale solution to the world's energy needs.
This Is What Happens When Boiling Water Meets Extreme Cold (VIDEO) So, would cold water achieve the same effect? Baby, it really is cold outside. However, in this case, the science has to
3 Awesome Things We Learned About Plants in 2013 A brand new cell part that flavors wine, a flower that depends on \footlong\ moth tongues and a list of about 1,000 new species are the stories that topped my list of the most impressive things we learned about plants last year.
Asteroid 2014 AA Discovered Just Before Hitting Earth, NASA Says Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published
Skeletons 'Embracing' In Death May Represent Gruesome Ancient Siberian Custom (PHOTO) A similar couple was unearthed several years ago in Italy. That Neolithic couple, believed to have lived between 5,000 and
Link Between Crime & Chilly Weather Is Complex, Controversial A Swiss-led group using tree-ring data to look at Central European summer climate patterns during roughly 2,500 years saw
'Smoking Caterpillar' Puffs Out Nicotine To Deter Spiders, New Research Shows (VIDEO) In Photos
Succumb to Your Desires in 2014 Today millions of Americans will pull out their lists of New Year's resolutions, full of intentions to control their many temptations, from one-night stands to junk food to alcohol to smoking. What are the costs of all that self-control?
Time Out No one wears watches anymore. They've become as much of an anachronism as cursive handwriting whose death occurred in less
Will NASA's New Squishy 'Super Ball Bot' Be Next To 'Dance' On Saturn's Moon? (VIDEO) The bot's ability to absorb impacts means \falling over cliffs and rolling down hills and mountainsides may not pose any
13 Obvious Scientific Discoveries In 2013 That Will Make You Just Shake Your Head In a study published in April in the Journal PLOS ONE, researchers used a large national study of 5,000 Americans to find
Russian Astronauts Encounter Glitch With Earth-Watching Cameras Installed During Spacewalk The spacewalkers also planned to jettison the frame of an old material exposure experiment, as well as retrieve a case of
Sun Storm Warning Service May Protect Satellites & Prevent Blackouts, UK Scientists Say Speaking at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco, California, earlier this month, space physicist
'Metamaterials' Do Way More Than Just Invisibility, Scientists Say In the past year, for example, Duke University's Yaroslav Urzhumov has made a plastic cloak that deflects microwave beams
Shock Therapy Can 'Erase' Bad Memories, Brain Researchers Show Kroes adds that ECT may not be the best option for most patients, but says that these results could guide the development
Christmas In Space 2013 Falls Between Two Challenging Spacewalks Six space travelers living in orbit definitely aren't home for Christmas today, but that doesn't mean they won't get into
NASA Astronauts Conduct Second Spacewalk In Space Station Repair Mission (LIVE VIDEO) \In this holiday way of giving, we're giving you a spacewalk today,\ NASA spokesman Rob Navias said during NASA TV's coverage
A Very Special Bird for Michigan With the help of Nixon's ground-breaking law, Kirtland's Warblers were brought back from the brink. Today, with more than
Human Civilization Could Become Quasi-Immortal, Astrobiologist Says Civilizational crossroads Civilization is facing a bottleneck, said Seth Shostak, a senior astronomer with the SETI Institute
NASA Delays Spacewalk After Spacesuit Issue Arises Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published
New Museum Shows How Your Life Could Have Been 600,000 Years Ago | TIME.com To the south of Rome, a new museum will shed light into what life may have been like \u2013 600,000 years ago. Read more on world.time.com
Star of Bethlehem At this time of year, people often ask for my astronomical/religious opinion
Americans Have Little Faith In Scientists, Science Journalists How much faith do Americans have in scientists and science journalists? Not a whole lot, a new survey finds. The Huffington
Religion Is Changing, So Why Not Science? We are witnessing an era of unprecedented changes. Environmental, political, economic, and informational, just to name a
Closing Access to Scientific Literature Science is not a commercial thing. Science is a communal, cooperative enterprise in which information, knowledge, data, and ideas are shared openly and broadly. Any entity that puts commercial interests ahead of this shared enterprise, such as Elsevier, needs to get its priorities straight.
Character Designer and Paleontologist Talk About Walking With Dinosaurs The filmmakers have gone to great lengths to make sure the portrayal of the dinosaurs and their environments are as accurate as possible, except the part about the dinosaurs talking. They really wanted moviegoers to get an accurate experience of how it might have felt to walk with dinosaurs.
World Stem Cell Summit Brings Senatorial Candidacy Announcement Some were honorees; all were honored. Board Member Dr. Oswald Steward of the Reeve/Irvine Research Center, spinal cord injury
A Science Icon Died 17 Years Ago. In His Last Interview, He Made A Warning That Gives Me Goosebumps. Carl Sagan inspired a generation of scientists with his work in and out of the classroom. Read more on www.upworthy.com
Is Alien Life Surfacing Nearby? Extraterrestrial life may be showing up in some obvious places. No, this is not about hairless aliens that have come to Earth in saucer-shaped craft, but less sophisticated life just next door.
'Bird Strike' Research Suggests DNA Technique Can Help Stop Bird-Airplane Collisions Now, DNA sequencing has been added to the arsenal\u2014not the DNA of the birds but rather that of their poop. The DNA sequences
Awe Increases Religious Belief An analysis of astronauts' reports reveals that for many, the awesomeness of spaceflight increased their belief in God. New research may explain why.
Duck-Billed Dinosaur Fossil Shows Animal Had Strange Rooster-Like Comb (VIDEO) No such comb has ever been discovered before on a dinosaur. In modern birds, such combs are typically used for sexual display
Iran Space Monkey Reportedly Returns Safely To Earth After Successful Launch \President Hassan Rouhani ... congratulated Iranian scientists and experts on successfully sending a second living creature
Alligators, Crocodiles Use Sticks To Lure Prey, New Research Suggests Now, add cleverness to the list. In what appears to be the first example of tool use among reptiles, researchers have discovered
When Did The 'Anthropocene' Begin? Scientists Outline Plan For Settling Debate Prospects for such a global effort are, admittedly, dim, not least because it is unclear who would fund such work. But a
Is Dark Matter Made Of Tiny Black Holes? Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com. \We've ruled out a range of primordial black
From Laboratory to Sanctuary, CHIMP Act Funding Paves the Way Chimpanzees have languished in laboratories for decades, sometimes subjected to painful experimentation and often warehoused in barren cages. But now the fate of these remarkable and highly intelligent beings has taken a monumental turn for the better.
Are There Genetic Markers for Concussions? Researchers have found links between certain genes and a football player's susceptibility to getting a concussion. It's a scientific detective story, of sorts.
Nelson Mandela and the Politics of Science on HIV/AIDS Today we celebrate the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela. It is worth reflecting on his ability to transcend politics when speaking about contentious scientific issues. Nowhere was this more apparent than in the difficult politics surrounding HIV/AIDS at the turn of the millennium.
Women in Science Who is responsible for helping women break down barriers? The answer is simple
'Immunize' Yourself Against Bad Moods? New Research Suggests It May Be Possible \A bad mood is known to slow cognition,\ study co-author Dr. Shay Ben-Haim, a researcher at the university, said in a written
Here Are 20 Tips For Understanding Scientific Research We are not so naive as to believe that improved policy decisions will automatically follow. We are fully aware that scientific
8 Surprising Ways Music Affects and Benefits Our Brains I'm a big fan of music, and use it a lot when working, but I had no idea about how it really affects our brains and bodies. Since music is such a big part of our lives, I thought it would be interesting and useful to have a look at some of the ways we react to it without even realizing.
'Be Like Mike' on the Court -- and Bill James in the Classroom A generation ago, young players across the country were shooting layups with their tongues waggling in the air to simply \Be like Mike.\ In the mathematical classroom, similar role-playing can enhance learning. Rather than being like Mike, let's see how to be like Bill -- James, that is.
Earth's Radiation Belts May Hold Secret To Speedy Electrons Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on SPACE.com. The gigantic amounts of radiation the Van Allen
Beer-Tapping Physics A plume of these bubble fragments forms, and voila, rapidly rising foam results. See the video for more details. Ever tried
Parents Of Daughters Lean Republican, Study Shows In the study, the researchers examined the results of a survey of 661 men and women from 1994 -- data collected by the University
Your Cat Really Doesn't Care What You Have To Say, Study Shows For the study, researchers observed 20 domesticated cats in their homes for eight months to monitor how the pets recognize
Caffeine Crystals Under An Electron Microscope Look Right Out Of Willy Wonka's World (PHOTO) There's no disputing his last point. The FDA says 90 percent of people in the world consume caffeine in some form. In the
Bill Nye Knows Just What He'd Do With An Invisibility Cloak\u2014And A Time Machine 3. Imagine there's an open seat on the first mission to send humans to Mars. Would you sign up? It would depend on who's
SpaceX Rocket Launch Halted By Last-Second Glitch SpaceX aims to put SES-8 into an elliptical orbit that reaches more than 50,000 miles from Earth, about a quarter of the
11 Science Facts That Seem More Like Science Fiction In our hectic, mile-a-minute existences, it's easy to forget just how amazing our world truly is. Fortunately, the authors
Seahorse's Horselike Shape Helps Animal Ambush Prey, Scientists Say The seahorse head's shape helps the fish stealthily ambush prey, researchers say. Relatives of seahorses, such as pipefish
What's Thanksgiving Like In Space? NASA Astronauts On The ISS Clue Us In (VIDEO) There you are at home, chowing down on your Thanksgiving feast of turkey and mashed potatoes. Meanwhile, folks high above
European Space Ball Could Bring Mars Samples To Earth (VIDEO) Though no Mars sample-return mission is firmly on the books, the European Space Agency has supported the development of a
Watching Others Exercise Can Make You Fitter, Study Shows This entry has expired
VIDEO Scientists have discovered a new dinosaur species they believe weight about four tons and was 30 feet long. Read more on
New Study Indicates That Y Chromosome May Be Unnecessary For Reproduction A new study has promising results for those battling male infertility. Researchers at the John A. Burns School of Medicine
LADEE, NASA's New Moon Dust Probe, Begins Lunar Science Mission \A thorough understanding of the characteristics of our lunar neighbor will help researchers understand other small bodies
Bill Nye So what can parents across the U.S. do to make sure their kids' scientific education isn't being stunted? \This textbook
Deformed Skull From Dark Ages Unearthed In France Rich valley The skeleton of an ancient aristocratic woman whose head was warped into a deformed, pointy shape has been unearthed
Social Butterflies' Brains Differ From Those Of People With Fewer Friends, New Study Shows Scientists still don't understand how the brain manages human behavior in increasingly complex social situations, or what
Poll Shows Half Of Americans Think U.S. Is Losing Leadership In Space Majorities of Republicans and independents preferred that private companies run the space program, while Democrats were equally
Visionary Medicine Successful outcomes depend on an almost fantastic synthesis of psychomotor control, excellent visual discrimination, years of training, and meticulous planning. How can surgeons reach this peak more efficiently, perhaps more quickly?
Dinosaur Brain Structure Modeled From Birds & Alligators In New Study The alligator brain proved to be about 85 percent similar to the bird brain, and contained six of seven major regions found
The Single Most Mind-Altering Photograph Humanity Has Ever Taken When you see photographs of the Earth from far away, the implications may not immediately be clear. Listen as Carl Sagan
Olympic Torch, Space Station Crew Return To Earth Tonight Visit SPACE.com today for complete coverage of the Olympic torch's return to Earth with Yurchikhin, Nyberg and Parmitano
Will Climate Change Cause Animals To Shrink? In both cases, the animals rebounded to their previous sizes when the warming episode was over. Both this and the earlier
Ancient Cave Drawings Found In Brazil Depict Armadillos, Other Animals (PHOTOS) White-lipped peccaries may not be glamorous-looking, but like their truffle-sniffing cousins, they sometimes turn up treasure
Cosmonauts Take Olympic Torch On Historic Spacewalk (VIDEO, PHOTO) This brings the number of people on the station up to nine \u2014 three more than the usual six that make up a full crew. The
Alone In A Room Full Of Science Writers You've probably seen this photo of a little black boy patting President Obama's head. Yes, the photo is adorable and yes
Mosasaur Cannibalism? Fossilized 'Sea Monster' Found In Angola With Three Others In Its Belly Mosasaurs were at the top of the marine food chain from about 98 million years ago to the end of the Cretaceous 66 million
Adult Dinosaurs Were Still Growing When They Died, Fossils Suggest Key among the fossils that he studied was the largest Allosaurus in his collection, a 13-year-old animal of 10 metres in
Sunday's Solar Eclipse To Be Rare, Dramatic 'Hybrid' Event Diamond necklace, then totality Remember that Daylight Saving Time ends at 2 a.m. on Sunday morning! You must set your clocks
Why Do Kettles Whistle? Science Has An Answer The high-pitched note emitted by hot kettles has puzzled scientists for more than a century, but thanks to two steamed-up
'Junk' DNA Linked To Face Shape In New Research On Mice Studying genes that drive normal facial variations would offer an opportunity for human geneticists to look for mutations
Lakes On Saturn's Moon Titan Spotted By NASA's Cassini Probe (PHOTOS) \Titan's northern lakes region is one of the most Earth-like and intriguing in the solar system,\ Cassini project scientist
What Is That? 10 Amazing Photos Show It Can Be Hard To Tell Close Up From Far Away It's... micro again! This is a scanning electron microscope image of the surface of a piece of polished aluminum. Interesting
ESA's Mars Rover Prototype, 'Bridget,' Takes Test Drive in Chile Desert Bridget also encountered physical obstacles during the field test. One day, a flat rock was unexpectedly turned up after
Japan's Asteroid-Blasting 'Space Cannon' Aces Key Test Plans call for the spacecraft to rendezvous with asteroid 1993JU in 2018. The space cannon will separate from the main spacecraft
Don't Flee to Mars, but Maybe Send the Tea Party There It is tempting to ponder the Tea Party exiling themselves to Mars so that the climate activists can finally get a climate bill passed in Congress and solve our Earthly problems.  But wishful thinking aside, our mammalian brains must resist the urge to flee.
Etruscan Warrior Prince Actually A Princess, Bone Analysis Reveals A bone analysis has revealed the warrior prince was actually a princess, as Judith Weingarten, an alumna of the British School
Martin Gardner -- The Best Friend Mathematics Ever Had What do L. Ron Hubbard, H.G. Wells, G.K. Chesterton, Lord Dunsany, Alice in Wonderland, M.C. Escher, John H. Conway, Roger Penrose and Oprah Winfrey have in common? The same thing as Isaac Asimov, Vladimir Nabokov, and Salvador Dali.
Light Pattern From Early Universe May Hold Clues To First Moments After Big Bang (VIDEO) The new detection should provide a sort of baseline that will aid future efforts to measure B-modes produced by gravitational
Mammals Pee For Same Duration Of 21 Seconds, Urination Study Finds (VIDEO) As for an elephant, the researchers explain in the video above that the animal's wider and longer urethra compensates for
Toby Jug Nebula Spotted By ESO's 'Very Large Telescope' (VIDEO, PHOTO) The cloud of gas and dust illuminated by the star HD 65750 is what's known as a reflection nebula, ESO officials explained
First Cave Artists May Have Been Mostly Women, New Study Suggests (Story continues below.) This photo shows the \Spotted Horses\ mural from Pech Merle, a famous cave art site in France. The
10 Amazing Facts About The Moon - Weather.com Above, 10 facts you should probably know about the moon.\u00a0 Read more on www.weather.com
Watery Asteroid Remnants Around Distant Star Boosts Chance Of Life Outside Solar System Most stars (including, in about 4 billion years, our sun) end their lives as white dwarfs, after they have burned all their
Sunshine & Happiness Study Links Time Outdoors To Improved Mood This new study is not the first to suggest a link between mood and vitamin D levels. A 2006 study linked vitamin D deficiency
Pinocchio Lizard Rediscovered In Ecuador After Being Thought Extinct For 50 Years The lizard's noselike appendage is a sexually selected trait that likely serves no functional purpose but to advertise a
'Mind-Reading' Skills Boosted By Reading Literature, Study Suggests Perhaps it\u2019s no surprise that the lead author of the new study, David Kidd, came to social psychology by way of Russian literature
NASA Says Shutdown Won't Stop Launch Of Mars Probe MAVEN Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published
Virgin Galactic, NBC To Launch 'Space Race' Reality TV Show \Virgin Galactic's mission is to democratize space, eventually making commercial space travel affordable and accessible to
Einstein's Brain Had Well-Connected Hemispheres That Sparked His Brilliance, Study Suggests What was found? Compared to the other men, Einstein's corpus callosum was thicker in many areas, which indicates greater
New Island Off Pakistan's Coast May Be Mud Volcano, Scientists Say (PHOTOS) Mud volcanoes burble up during earthquakes because the shaking releases mud and water that are trapped beneath barriers in
Number Of Alien Planets Confirmed Beyond Our Solar System Nears 1,000, Data Shows Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published
Amphibian Fossil Auction To Spotlight Ancient Predator Choking On Prey \It affects it to the degree of eight or 10 times without any trouble at all,\ Walkersaid. Heritage expects this specimen
Stephen Hawking's 'Big Ideas' Explained In Cartoon Form (VIDEO) \I suppose the incredible thing is that he came up with all these profound, provocative insights without the convenience
Easter Island Diet Consisted Of Rats But Not Seafood, New Study Shows These fish eaters may have lived on a part of the island where the fishing was easier, Commendador suggested. Another possibility
Is This How Our Ancestors Sounded? Linguist Recreates Proto-Indo-European Language (AUDIO) A sheep that had no wool saw horses, one of them pulling a heavy wagon, one carrying a big load, and one carrying a man quickly
Orbital Sciences' Cygnus Spacecraft Aborts First Attempt At Docking With ISS Orbital Sciences is one of two commercial spaceflight companies with billion-dollar deals to provide cargo deliveries to
Autumnal Equinox 2013 The seasons will change this Sunday (Sept. 22), with the Northern Hemisphere moving into autumn and the South emerging from
Japan's Epsilon Rocket Launches Into Space, Carrying Satellite To Observe Planets (VIDEO) Japan's brand-new Epsilon rocket soared into space Saturday (Sept. 14) in a debut launch that carried a novel satellite into
Quantum Computing Moves Big Step Closer To Reality As Scientists Teleport Data Across Chip Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience. For quantum computers, though, instantaneous
Astronaut Cady Coleman Bullock, who didn't share much about the movie she was making (\I didn't want to push her to share that,\ Coleman said), expressed
Universe May Have Formed From Debris When Star Collapsed Into Black Hole, Cosmologists Say \u201cFor all physicists know, dragons could have come flying out of the singularity,\u201d says Niayesh Afshordi, an astrophysicist
A This vs. That Brain Teaser A golf ball will be dropped simultaneously into two barrels from the same height. Assume currents, viscosity & pressure are the same. In which barrel will the ball hit the bottom first?
Stonehenge Path Offers New Clues To Site's Age-Old Secrets \u201cIt was constructed in 2300 BC so is a later addition to the stone circle, but people would have processed along it to the
Average Height Of Men In Europe Grew 11 Centimeters In Over A Century (VIDEO) \We can't conclude that shorter men are somehow unhealthier. Like a lot of research, this paper prompts more questions than
What's In Pee? Urine Composition Study Reveals More Than 3,000 Chemical Compounds The database of urine chemical composition will continue to grow as new techniques and instruments are developed to identify
Slave Tunnels Found In Massive Network Underneath Second Century Roman Emperor's Villa The underground passageways allowed thousands of merchants, slaves and carts laden with goods to enter the villa without
Interstellar Winds Flowing Into Our Solar System May Have Shifted Direction, Study Finds As Earth and the other planets orbit the sun, the solar system itself travels through space. Its slow journey is taking it
Numbers Get Mapped In Our Brains Like A 'Sixth Sense,' Study Suggests \While there's always this map structure, there's not always the same context,\ Harvey said. The thinking brain It's as if
LEGO Scientist Mini-Figure Portrays Woman In STEM Career (VIDEO) \So while I am glad to see Lego releasing the Scientist minifig, she is but one drop in a large bucket of otherwise gendered
Inner Ear Defect & Hyperactivity Linked In New Study When hyperactivity is found in children with severe hearing loss, it is often assumed to stem from frustrations they have
Scientists As Kids Albert Einstein wasn't always the old guy with the bushy white hair. Once upon a time he was once just a cute little three
Mars Landslides Spawned By Weird Double-Layered Craters The theory matches up with more detailed observations of DLEs, the authors said. Many of the studied craters have radial
Milky Way's Black Hole Spits Out Most Of The Gas It Consumes, Observations Show \It will be really interesting to see what happens when the G2 cloud approaches later this year,\ Schnittman told SPACE.com
Can Science Show Us Secrets Of Making Better Decisions? What part of the brain is involved in decision-making? We think that the almost entire brain is involved in decision making
Female Astronauts Said To Face Discrimination Over NASA's Space Radiation Concerns The pool of eligible astronauts was limited not just by radiation concerns, but other factors, including Russian-language
Science Has Been Misleading You About Some Fundamental Truths This isn't a lecture about quantum mechanics. This isn't an argument for the existence of God. This is about some truths
Ancient Humans Settled Amazon Region Far Earlier Than Once Thought, Trash Heaps Suggest Lombardo and his colleagues now would like to investigate why people abandoned these forest mounds after 6,000 years of use
The Sounds of Saturn and Other Space Oddities Robert's Saturn sighting was my favorite bit of stargazing since Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars touched down at
Two People Never See The Same Rainbow--And 6 More Amazing Facts About The Optical Phenomenon Rainbow over St Paul's Cathedral and the city of London. FACT
Guion Bluford, First African-American In Space, Launched Into Orbit 30 Years Ago \Guy was the first person of color to fly and that was absolutely incredible, but it was would have been empty had he been
Alien Hunters Overseas Focus On Faint Laser Flashes From Space Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Published on SPACE.com. In a lab test of their strategy, the researchers simulated
Neil Armstrong Tribute Video Released By NASA To Mark Anniversary Of Moon Man's Death The video features images of the Apollo 11 moon landing and snapshots of Armstrong's life flash, all set to singer Eric Brace's
Dinosaur-Era Earthquakes Left Mark In Park's Red Cliffs, Study Shows (PHOTOS) \There was mountain-building going on in Navajo Sandstone time, but not where the Navajo itself was being deposited,\ Biek
Why Doesn't NASA Just Look for Life? The \water found on Mars\ story is as perennial as Christmas. NASA doesn't need to tell us that again. So why not cut out the seemingly endless stream of robotic middlemen, and just send hardware that will search for life, big or small? Isn't it time to cut to the chase?
Orion Spacecraft Passes Water Recovery Test, NASA Says (VIDEO) In the still waters near a pier in Naval Station Norfolk in Virginia, a prototype Orion spacecraft was successfully brought
Neutrino Experiment In China Shows Strange Particles Changing 'Flavors' Neutrinos and antimatter By comparing how many electron antineutrinos arrive at each of six detectors, all buried underground
Women Nobel Prize Winners \The evidence suggests that, in the first half of the 20th Century, qualified women were struggling to enter the scientific
Cosmonauts Break Spacewalk Record For Russia In Marathon Outside International Space Station NASA spokesman Rob Navias said the cosmonauts broke a Russian spacewalking record that had stood for 23 years. Before Friday
NASA Gives Up Fixing Kepler Planet-Hunting Telescope CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- NASA called off all attempts to fix its crippled Kepler space telescope Thursday. But it's not quite
Strange, Pulsating Star Found A strange, pulsing star has revealed a powerful magnetic field around the giant black hole at the heart of Earth\u2019s Milky
'Typhoid Mary' Mystery May Have Been Solved At Last, Scientists Say Monack and her research team infected mice with a strain of salmonella, and found that, the bacteria were able to \wait out
'Smart Glass' Blocks Light, Adjusting To Wavelengths On Command With New Technology But now there's a glass that changes, chameleon-like, from opaque to transparent, and can be adjusted for different wavelengths
Monster Galaxies Feed Less Off Neighboring Galaxies Over Time, Study Finds Follow Megan Gannon on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @SPACEdotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com
Europa Mission The European Space Agency is leading a mission called JUICE (short for JUpiter ICy moons Explorer), which aims to launch
How Many Times In Your Life? The data gathered is compared to computer models of collisions created according to current understanding of physics to test
Pink Planet Baffles NASA, Scientists At first glance, NASA's latest find might resemble a classic piece of bubble gum, but the recently discovered planet,\u00a0GJ
Meteor Sound Research Suggests It May Be Possible To Hear Space Rocks \What makes this exciting is that we're talking about a phenomenon that has been experienced by people for perhaps thousands
Science World Museum's 'Orgasms Can Kill Pain' Ad Spices Up 'Science Of Sexuality' Exhibit (PHOTO) (Hat tip, Ads of the World) \We like to put the word out there in ways you'll remember,\ museum spokesman Jason Bosher told
Athletic Combat and Real Combat Whether in athletes who have suffered multiple concussions or in blast-exposed soldiers, the consequences of traumatic brain injury can be serious and persistent -- and can worsen with time.
Space Robot 'Kirobo' Launched On Japan Rocket Toward International Space Station This is the fourth mission for JAXA's HTV program (the name is short for H-2 Transfer Vehicle) since 2009. The cylindrical
Mars Rover Time-Lapse VIDEO Squeezes Curiosity's First Year On Red Planet Into Two Minutes But in the year ahead, the Curiosity rover is kicking into high gear. It recently set off for the longest road trip of its
Russian Meteor May Have Sibling Asteroids That Pose Threat To Earth, Study Suggests The researchers propose that these rocks are pieces of a rubbly asteroid that came apart some time in the past 40,000 years
'Atheism to Replace Religion by 2041' This story was recently taken up by the Guardian Express and the International Business Times, whose writers were responding to a prediction in my book Why Atheism Will Replace Religion. I want to correct some of their errors and clarify the actual claim.
Meteor Shower, Comet, Planets To Grace August Night Sky The Perseids are another skywatching highlight this month. This shower, which occurs when Earth plows through streams of
Sun's Plasma 'Arms' Break Out From Sunspot In Solar Eruption VIDEO Sunspot Opens Its 'Arms' To The Cosmos | Video Solar Max
German Sounds Harsher Than Other Languages, And Here's Why (VIDEO) One could even make a case that the video is simply perpetuating an old stereotype about spoken German. \When people talk
NASA's Asteroid Capture Mission Flooded With Ideas From Private Companies, Non-Profits Wildest Private Deep-Space Mission Ideas
Russian Spacecraft Docks With ISS, Delivering Spacesuit Repair Kit & Supplies The next space station resupply delivery craft \u2014 the H-II Transfer Vehicle-4 from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency
Squid, Octopus Color Change Ability Tied to 'Switchable' Cells & Water Flux This shows the diffusion of the neurotransmitter applied to squid skin at upper right, which induces a wave of iridescence
Snowden Leaks Show NSA Knows Much More About Us Than We Thought In mid-May, Edward Snowden, an American in his late twenties, walked through the onyx entrance of the Mira Hotel on Nathan
Coronal Hole Seen Over Sun's North Pole By SOHO Spacecraft Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com. - See more at
When Concerned Scientists Cause Concern The statement that fracking is safe is at this point a political statement, reflective of a policy agenda that promotes full-scale exploitation of fossil fuels and propounds that it is wise to continue to propel the current global economic paradigm with finite energy sources.
Planets Around Red Dwarf Stars May Face 'Water-Trapping' Phenomenon & Hold Clues To Alien Life An aerial view of the front of Aialik Glacier flowing from the Harding Icefield on the Kenai Peninsula in Alaska. Menou's
Hum Heard Around World Impacts 2 Percent Of People In Hum-Prone Areas, Study Suggests (VIDEO) What causes the Hum? There's some speculation that the Hum could be the result of low-frequency electromagnetic radiation
Dogs Imitate Humans? Canine Study Shows Man's Best Friend Is Capable Of Copycat Behavior (VIDEO) Once the dogs could imitate the behavior twice in a row after waiting for 30 seconds, they were ready for the testing phase
Was DNA Pioneer Rosalind Franklin Robbed Of Nobel Prize? Had James Watson not been quite so chauvinistic, Rosalind Franklin might today be remembered mainly as a scientist, and not
Alien Space Probes? Physics Paper Considers Craft Other Beings May Have Built To Explore Our Galaxy Travel by slingshot effect -- also called gravity assist -- isn't as wacky as it sounds either. When a probe passes near
VIDEO NASA's Curiosity rover has discovered that Mars was once habitable. Read more on weather.com
Green Slime VIDEO Got slime? If not, then check out Household Hacker's recipe (see video above), and you can have some of the green stuff in
Virus Genome Finding Points To New Branch In Tree Of Life Claverie and Abergel have helped to discover other giant viruses \u2014 including the first, called Mimivirus, in 2003, and Megavirus
Apollo 11 Rocket Engine Part Recovered, Confirms Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos \This is a big milestone for the project and the whole team couldn't be more excited to share it with you all,\ Bezos stated
Australia Like Mars? Dirt In Outback May Mimic Red Planet's Soil, Opal Study Suggests It was long a mystery why precious opal formed at relatively shallow depths in central Australia, and why it could be found
Average Penis Size Of American Men Is 5.6 Inches Long When Erect, Scientists Say Other work suggests bigger isn't always better
See Moon, Planets, & Star Spica This Month In A Series Of Celestial Close Encounters On Monday night (July 15), the moon will be immediately above Spica. In fact, if you live in Central America or Africa, the
Planetary Nebula NGC 2392 This composite image of NGC 2392 contains X-ray data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory in purple showing the location
Neanderthal Language & Speech Shared With Modern Humans A Million Years Ago, Researchers Say While many believe that modern language began around 50,000 years ago, the paper names a period about a million years ago
Mummy Toe Rings? Mysterious Jewelry Found On 3,300-Year-Old Egyptian Skeletons Supporting the magical interpretation, one of the rings was found on the right toe of a male, age 35-40, whose foot had suffered
Opportunity Rover's 10th Anniversary On Mars & Off-Planet Driving Record Celebrated (VIDEO) To get from one area to the other, Opportunity has to cross a region called \Botany Bay.\ On the 10th anniversary of its
Back to Normal Spend at least as much effort ensuring you have the right diagnosis as you would in buying a house. Become a fully informed consumer, ask lots of questions, and expect clear and convincing answers from any clinician.
Human Head Transplants Now Possible, Italian Neuroscientist Says (VIDEO) \It is this 'clean cut' the key to spinal cord fusion, in that it allows proximally severed axons to be 'fused' with their
Spiders' Electrostatic Charge Helps Them Trap Prey In Their Webs, New Study Shows They found that the web and positively charged objects were attracted to one another. What's more, the silk threads of the
Australian Skull May Mean Captain James Cook Wasn't First White Man On Continent \The last few hundred years saw quite a bit of activity and this results in this sample having two possible age ranges,\ Dr
Scientists Eat Their Research Turpin also enthusiastically eats raw insects. He recalls biting down on a raw grub for a TV show on eating insects \u2014 the
'Star Trek' May Inspire Names For Pluto's Craters, Mountains, & Other Features (PHOTOS) Some of the other candidates from the contest will likely find new life as the names of Pluto surface features spotted by
Ancient Carving Of Roman God's Head Discovered In English Garbage Dump Archaeologists involved in the dig believe that somebody probably tossed the 8-inch-long (20 centimeters) statue in the garbage
Ron Miller's Planet Art Shows How Night Sky Would Look If Earth Had Planets Instead Of Moon (PHOTOS) For the eye-popping images below, Ron Miller, former art director for the National Air and Space Museum's Albert Einstein
Mercury Flooded With Lava 4 Billion Years Ago, 'Messenger' Data Show Cratered Mercury (inset) won't win any beauty prizes, but it sure had a colorful past. Thanks to the Messenger spacecraft
Loch Ness Monster Mystery Solved? 'Nessie' Just Bubbles From Seismic Activity, Geologist Says (VIDEO) Throughout the years, high-profile sightings of Nessie have been suspected or outed as hoaxes, according to PBS. What was
NASA's Independence Day 'Fireworks:' Agency Marks Fourth Of July With Two Rocket Launches \We have liftoff of the Black Brant V & Terrier-Improved Orion, for an Independence Day fireworks show,\ NASA Wallops officials
End Of The World? Science Artist Ron Miller Envisions Apocalypse Scenarios (PHOTOS) Ron Miller has created many other engaging science image series -- including what our planet would look like with Saturn's
Smithsonian T. Rex In October, one of the rare near-complete skeletons of the dinosaur will be hauled from Montana to Washington, D.C., where
Lost Moon Probes This close-up image of the lunar surface was relayed on Feb. 3, 1966 from the former Soviet Union\u2019s Luna 9 lander in the
Traces Of Ancient Jerusalem Famine Seen In Cooking-Related Artifacts Found In Cistern \This is the first time we are able to connect archaeological finds with the famine that occurred during the siege of Jerusalem
'Supermoon' 2013 Photos And Tweets (VIDEO, UPDATES) Send us your supermoon photos! You can tweet your photos with hashtag #HPsupermoon. Or, you can submit them directly to our
Memory Prosthesis May Help Restore, Enhance Brain's Ability To Form Long-Term Memories The point of the device is not to identify individual memories, but to learn how they are transformed into long-term memory
Plants 'Do Math' To Ensure Steady Food Supply, New Research Shows They can even compensate for an unexpected early night. \This is the first concrete example in a fundamental biological process
'Super' Moon 2013 Ready to look up at the sky tonight to see the largest full moon of the year? While many witnessed an almost full moon Saturday
Of Starfish, Stem Cells and $70 Million The California stem cell program has developed 77 new stem cell methods. Among those efforts might be a way to ease diabetes, reverse Alzheimer's, or loosen the clutch of paralysis, but how can we afford the increasingly expensive safety tests? There may be a way.
Do You Know Where Your E. coli Are? Clearly the contamination of recreational waters and key venues is a big concern.  But when you go, do you know that you could leave your E. coli behind?  And what does that mean in regard to your health?
Summer Solstice Space PHOTO For northern observers, the sun's apparent peak in the daytime sky will gradually grow lower until it reaches its lowest
Stone Age Snails May Have Migrated With Traders From Southern France To Ireland 8,000 Years Ago But a subpopulation of the species found in western Ireland ranges up to twice that size and has a distinctive white lip
Women In Space NASA currently has 12 active female astronauts. The history of women in space is about to turn 50 years old. \There have
Leprosy Genome Sequencing Reveals Disease Has Hardly Changed Over Past 1,000 Years Surprisingly, the researchers found that the ancient leprosy DNA was well preserved -- even more so than the human DNA of
Cats' Secret Activities Ever wondered what your cat spends its time doing when you're not around? Where do our purring pets go when they disappear
Fossils Explain 'Six Pack?' Ancient Fish Helps Show Evolution Of Abdominal Muscles (PHOTOS) The study was published in Science online on June 13, 2013. As LiveScience noted, the placoderm is the first-known gnathostome
Europa Submarine On Jupiter's Icy Moon Could Search For Alien Life, Researchers Say Europa
Asteroid 1998 QE2 Radar Images Reveal Near-Earth Space Rock To Be 'Entirely New Beast,' Scientists Say Earth Crossing Asteroid Has A Moon | Video NEOs
Zahi Hawass, Egypt's 'Indiana Jones,' Thinks Giza Pyramid Holds Hidden Treasure A return as antiquities minister? Pharaohs were buried with their brains If they find these pharaohs, they may also find
Comets Spurred Life On Earth By Helping Create Key Molecules, New Research Suggests The impact of comets crashing into Earth's surface may have provided the energy to create simple molecules that formed the
Medicis Had Rickets? X-Rays Reveal Signs Of Bone Disorder In Famed Renaissance Family As the wealthy rulers of Tuscany and patrons of Leonardo da Vinci and Galileo, the Medicis were the 'first family' of the
Water On Mars There's no reason to think Opportunity won't complete the 1.4-mile trek (2.2 km) to Solander, or that it won't survive its
Ophiucus Constellation Visible In Summer Sky To Skywatchers Around World Hidden stellar surprises There is one very special star in Ophiuchus. This was discovered by American astronomer E. E. Barnard
How Ring Nebula Formed Provides Insight To Sun's Demise In Around 5 Billion Years (VIDEO) After all, the iconic ring of gas is the result of a sunlike star dying in the past -- just check out new observations of
Mens' Sweat Pheromone, Androstadienone, Influences Cooperation In Other Men Scientists didn't know if humans played that game as well. But in the last 30 years, they've identified both male and female
Egyptian Jewelry Has Space Origin? Iron In Ancient Relic Came From Meteorite, Researchers Say The researchers were not able to cut the precious artefact open, but they found areas where the weathered surface had fallen
Mars Water? Curiosity Rover Finds Pebbles On Red Planet's Surface Likely Shaped By Ancient River The results of the new study will be published in the May 31 issue of the journal Science. The Martian pebbles offer tantalizing
Snail Shells Coil To Right 95 Percent Of The Time, New Study Shows The researchers don't know why sinistrality is so rare underwater, but the most likely explanation, they say, is that unlike
What Causes Itching? 'Nppb' Protein Molecule Triggers Sensation, Mouse Study Suggests The result \u201cexplains problems in the literature and provides a very testable hypothesis for how itch works\u201d, says Glenn Giesler
Dove's 'Real Beauty' Video At Odds With Research On Attractiveness, Expert Says The idea is quite appealing. Perhaps too many women are unhappy with their looks. It would be a big relief if we all suddenly
Alien Planets May Shed Light On Climate Change On Earth, Scientists Say The featured speakers at NASA's Comparative Climatology Symposium, titled \New Approaches to Climate Research,\ were John
Mars Hit By Asteroids More Than 200 Times Per Year, HiRISE Camera Images Show Small space rocks are carving fresh craters into the Martian surface more often than previously thought, researchers say
Asteroid Mission Plan Comes Under Fire In Congressional Hearing (POLL) \To me there is no better way for our astronauts to learn how to live and work on another planet than to use the moon as
Two Fatal Technical Flaws in the DSM-5 Definition of Autism DSM-5 turns the current confusion into a complete Babel. The impossibly vague and confusing DSM-5 definition of Autism Spectrum Disorder is essentially useless for clinical or research purposes and is not a trustworthy guide for determining school services.
Real-Life 'Iron Man' Suit? Prototype Would Allow Thrill-Seekers To Skydive From Space (PHOTOS) At least that much has been demonstrated by Solar System Express (Sol-X) and Juxtopia LLC, two tech startups that have collaborated
Leonardo DiCaprio Space Trip Auctioned Off For $1.5 Million (VIDEO, POLL) At a charity auction held in Cannes, France on May 23 for the Foundation For Aids Research, one man answered that question
Does Academic Freedom Give Professors the Right to Teach Whatever They Want? In particular, academic freedom is not to be confused with the First Amendment right of freedom of speech. With academic freedom comes academic responsibility and scholarly integrity.
Planets On Memorial Day May 31
Revisiting the 'Hormone of Love' It's been more than a decade since oxytocin was first heralded as the \hormone of love\ -- a distinction that came with optimistic predictions for future drug therapies. The question now is not whether oxytocin has beneficial effects, but under what circumstances and for whom does it have these effects?
Humans' Spear Use Dates Back 90,000 Years, Bone Study Suggests Archaeologist Tiina Manne at the University of Queensland also finds the identification of projectile impact marks\u2014at least
IceCube Neutrino Observatory Detects Mysterious High-Energy Particles The properties of the light emitted by a neutrino strike in the IceCube detector, such as the light pattern registered by
Inspiration Mars Foundation Weighs Rocket Choice For 2018 Flyby Of Red Planet Finally, Carrico said Inspiration Mars team members have been in touch with NASA about its Space Launch System (SLS) rocket
Male Bicep Size Predicts Opinion On Welfare Programs, Study Suggests Still, it's important to note the study also found poorer men with buff arms were more likely to support wealth redistribution
100 Trillion Bacteria Make Up Human Microbiome & Biologists Say It's A Good Thing I can tell you the exact date that I began to think of myself in the first-person plural \u2014 as a superorganism, that is, rather
Asteroid 1998 QE2 To Give Earth A Close Shave On May 31 (VIDEO) In fact, in 2016, the agency plans to send a robotic probe to one of the most potentially hazardous asteroids. And NASA recently
Moon Explosion Sparked By Meteorite Crash On Lunar Surface, NASA Says (VIDEO) \It jumped right out at me, it was so bright,\ Suggs said. \We'll be keeping an eye out for signs of a repeat performance
Plague Helped End Roman Empire, DNA From Medieval Graveyard Suggests \After such a long time \u2014 nearly 1,500 years, one is still able to detect the agent of plague by modern molecular methods
The Inmates Seem to Have Taken Over the Asylum We have entered a truly remarkable silly season of interacting absurdities committed by the American Psychiatric Association, the National Institute of Mental Health, and the British Psychological Society. May, it turns out, is the cruelest month for mental health.
Bubble 'Life Cycle' Described With Help Of Climate Modeling Technique by Lizzie Wade on 9 May 2013, 2:00 PM Another day, another groundbreaking physics experiment about bubbles. Although scientists
Moon's Shadow During Solar Eclipse Spotted On Earth's Surface The first solar eclipse of 2013 turned the sun into a dazzling ring of fire Friday (May 10) for observers in northern Australia
WATCH Experts may have all the answers; but, let's face it, kids have all the best questions. Today, 7-yr-old Edden wonders birds
Moths Drive Car & Model Behavior For Robots (VIDEO) But at one Tokyo University lab male moths get to \drive.\ By moving their feet on a special trackball, these male moths
X-51A Waverider Scramjet Hits Hypersonic Speed Of Mach 5.1 In Final Test Flight, Air Force Says While that 2011 HTV mission lasted nine minutes, the vehicle only demonstrated controlled flight for three minutes during
Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower Peaks Today, May 5 Find a dark spot
Big Bear Constellation & Big Dipper Delight Skywatchers In Spring, Astronomer Says Callisto was a veritable bear, complete with sharp teeth and claws, so Jupiter grasped her by her stubby tail. But because
Thinking Outside the Box to Make Significant Advances in Disease Research Even though basic science is vital for clinical development of new medicines, research as a whole still needs to find a way to rise above incremental improvements and \think outside the box.\  Innovative and unorthodox approaches are the tickets to major advances.
Dark Matter Search Heats Up At Underground Lab In Ontario The project, called COUPP-60 (the Chicagoland Observatory for Underground Particle Physics), is a 30-liter chamber filled
DNA As I celebrate my birthday, I'm cognizant of a friend who is being celebrated for turning 60 this year. She's been in my life since before I was born, and she will be around long after I've faded into distant memory. I'm talking, of course, about deoxyribonucleic acid -- DNA.
Robot Uncovers Ancient Burial Chambers Beneath Teotihuacan Temple The team has now explored nearly 250 feet of tunnels, and has plans to dig deeper into the underground temple, which was
Meteorites, Supernova Linked After Rare Silica Grains Identified In Antarctic Space Rocks These are the first such grains found in primitive meteorites, and are distinct because of the type of oxygen contained in
Saturn Opposition But in case you won't be able to catch the early-morning celestial event, NASA notes that Saturn \will remain a golden jewel
Comet ISON Mission To Use Balloon Platform To Observe 'Comet Of Century,' Scientists Say With launch day only a few months away, the anticipation is building. \Balloon liftoffs are magical moments,\ Young said
Brain & Obesity Deep brain stimulation is already used as a way to help reduce tremors in patients with Parkinson's disease, and scientists
Queen's Skeleton? Gold-Bedecked Bones Found Near London Suggest Regal Status The woman was adorned with a necklace that had tube-shaped beads fashioned out of sheet gold and black disks of lignite, a
The Only Certainty Is Uncertainty Admitting to uncertainty is truer and safer than jumping to false certainty. That's why I see no proper role in the DSM for the made-up and unresearched diagnosis Somatic Symptom Disorder. To worry about having a physical symptom is not a psychiatric disorder -- it is part of life.
Supernova 'Way Too Bright' To Analyze Sparks Astronomy Debate \u201cRight away I got a perfect match to a type Ia supernova,\u201d Quimby says. \u201cBut it was way too bright.\u201d A type Ia supernova
Orbital Sciences Rocket Launch Delayed Because Of Winds At NASA's Wallops Flight Facility The launch debut of a new privately built rocket will have to wait at least one more day after strong winds thwarted an attempted
Lyrid Meteor Shower To Peak Tonight (April 21) But May Be Dulled By Moonlight The best time to seek Lyrid meteors is actually in the wee hours of Monday morning (April 22) after the moon has set, but
Magnetic Silly Putty Is Mesmerizing, But How Does It Actually Work? (VIDEO) Watch Shank's enthralling magnetic silly putty video above, or see a version of it \in reverse\ below. The magnet used in
Horsehead Nebula Image From Hubble Telescope Offers New View Of Iconic Space Cloud (VIDEO) NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has snapped a spectacular new image of an iconic nebula to celebrate its 23 years of peering
Does DSM-5 Have a Captive Audience? The best protection against wild over-diagnosis is to ignore DSM-5. It is not official. It is not well done. It is not safe. Don't buy it. Don't use it. Don't teach it.
Proton Size Smaller Than Physicists Thought, Puzzling New Measurements Suggest If experimental error turns out not to be the culprit, there may be some calculation issue, \so we actually know everything
NASA Earth VIDEO Showcases Satellites' Best Clips From Orbit To mark Earth Month, NASA has given a shout-out to some of its satellites with a \greatest hits\ video. The two-minute compilation
Brain's Music Pleasure Zone Identified With Reward System Activity In New Study \We can look at music as an intellectual reward,\ Salimpoor said, adding, \It's essentially pattern recognition, and this
Airport Scanner Reveals Hidden Art Behind Priceless Louvre Mural, Scientists Say In fact, the scanner -- just like those used in airport security for full-body scans -- looked beneath the surface of the
Top Five HuffPost Science Stories This Week, April 7-12 Human evolution, solar flares, and the Big Bang all made headlines this week. But did you miss the news? Don't worry -- I
Phantom Limb Syndrome Possible In Non-Amputees & Elicits Reaction, Researchers Say (VIDEO) In phantom limb syndrome, people suffer from the illusion that a limb exists even if it is missing. Doctors have known of
Remote Coral Reefs, Such As Scott Reef, May Recover From Bleaching Due To Isolation, Scientists Say ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science Back in 1998, Scott Reef was a ghost town. Rising ocean
NASA Missions To Launch In 2017 Follow Mike Wall on Twitter\u00a0@michaeldwall.\u00a0Follow us\u00a0@Spacedotcom,\u00a0Facebook\u00a0or\u00a0Google+. Originally published on\u00a0SPACE.com
Volcanoes On Jupiter's Moon Io Stump Scientists With Unexpected Distribution & Location (PHOTO) Io's major volcanic activity is concentrated 30 to 60 degrees farther east than models of its internal heat profile predict
Magic Mushroom Clinical Trial Stalls Due To Drug Regulations \Even in normal people, the more that part of the brain was switched off under the influence of the drug, the better they
Unibrow Discrimination? Mark Rober's Whimsical VIDEO Spotlights Snap Judgments Based On Appearance While it may be more common -- and even a sign of beauty -- in Tajikistan, unibrows can raise brows in Western cultures. What
Top Five HuffPost Science Stories This Week, March 31-April 5 From the lightest material on Earth to elusive dark matter, many fascinating science stories made headlines this week. I
'Cthulhu' Microbes, Discovered In Termite Guts, Help Pests Turn Wood Into Food (VIDEO) Even though Lovecraft said the mere existence of Cthulhu was beyond human comprehension, the 20th-century American sci-fi
Lizards Hatch From Their Eggs Prematurely To Escape Danger, Study Suggests (VIDEO) There may be a downside to such emergency exits, however. \[E]arly hatching skinks were significantly smaller and left behind
Transistor Inside Cell To do so, in the middle of the DNA strand, they place a short DNA snippet called a \terminator\ that kicks RNA-P molecules
Mercury Meteorite? Green Space Rock Found In Morocco May Be First From Innermost Planet NWA 7325 has a lower magnetic intensity \u2014 the magnetism passed from a cosmic body's magnetic field into a rock \u2014 than any
Violin Science But he had also long argued that the great violin masters were making violins with more humanlike voices than any others
Asteroid Capture Mission May Be Included On NASA 2014 Budget Request \There are many options \u2014 and many routes \u2014 being discussed on our way to the Red Planet,\ Bob Jacobs, deputy associate administrator
Saturn Rings' Age Estimated At Over 4 Billion Years Old Meanwhile, parts of the planet's main ring system may have been painted with a more subtle reddish hue by meteoroids slamming
Comet ISON PHOTO Captured By NASA Spacecraft On Oct. 1, the comet will pass within 6.7 million miles (10.8 million km) of Mars, and may be spotted by orbiters around
Top Five HuffPost Science Stories This Week, March 24-29 From body hacking to a two-headed bull shark, I recently had the chance to reveal some of the hottest science news that made
Wet Dog Shake VIDEO Reveals Physics Behind Furry Mammals' Shakedown Technique It's not just dogs that shake themselves dry. In addition to the canine, the video features several different species shaking
Sun's Activity To Peak With 'Solar Maximum' In 2013, Scientists Say Saying the sun is quiet right now, however, does not mean that it's lifeless. Indeed, our star blasted out a huge cloud of
Lyme Disease Bacterium Switches Out Iron For Manganese To Evade Immune System, Study Shows \The only therapy for Lyme Disease right now are antibiotics like penicillin, which are effective if the disease is detected
Buzz Aldrin, Apollo 11 Moonwalker, Refutes Auction & Is Keeping Space Memorabilia \[An] extraordinary piece on offer will be a two-page entry from the Apollo 11 log book,\ Bonhams wrote. \Effectively equal
Mummy Myths Debunked By New Study Of Ancient Egyptian Embalming Practices In the fifth century B.C., Herodotus, the \father of history,\ got an inside peek at the Egyptian mummification process. Embalming
Meteor Sighting Reported Across Northeast US So far, there are no conclusively confirmed photos of the event. Several photos have circulated Twitter and Facebook, purporting
Asteroid Killed Off Dinosaurs? New Study Suggests Comet Instead Caused Extinction Event The rocky object that wiped out the dinosaurs 65 million years ago may have been a comet, rather than an asteroid, scientists
Richard Feynman Experiment Recreated, 'Confirms Quantum Mechanics,' Physicist Says \It confirms quantum mechanics,\ said study co-author Herman Batelaan, a physicist at the University of Nebraska. \We all
Quasars' 50th Anniversary The general picture of quasars is now relatively uncontroversial\u2014giant black holes at the centers of distant galaxies feed
Mariana Trench Bacteria Until now, scientists had suspected that life in most of the ocean depths, where waters are just above freezing, was severely
Soyuz Spacecraft Brings US-Russian Space Station Crew Back To Earth A Soyuz spacecraft brought an American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts back to Earth on Friday after nearly five months
'De-Extinction' Of Woolly Mammoth & Other Ancient Animals Could Become Reality, Scientists Say But DNA from extinct species doesn't need to be preserved in Arctic conditions to be useful to scientists \u2014 researchers have
Four-Winged Birds? Extra Feathered Limbs May Have Helped Early Birds In Flight, Study Suggests (PHOTO) The new study, which published in the journal Science on Friday, has provided the first \u201csolid evidence\u201d that at least some
Dust Mites Study Shows Reversible Evolution Is A Reality & Contradicts 'Dollo's Law' Some colleagues have yet to completely warm up to the study's idea. \Are we being laughed at by people? No,\ OConnor told
Rats Sniff Each Other To Assert Dominance, Study Suggests Wesson saw the same results when he inhibited the rats' sense of smell, which bolsters his claim that there's more to sniffing
Lake Vostok Life Found Nowhere Else On Earth, Russian Scientists Report Antarctica's vast Lake Vostok contains life\u2014including at least one form of life not found elsewhere on Earth, Russian scientists
Comets & Life On Earth The electrons sparked some interesting reactions. The team detected many complex, carbon-containing organic molecules, including
Asteroid 2013 ET Buzzes By Earth During Weekend Replete With Flybys \One of the reasons why we're finding more of these objects is that there are more people looking,\ Cox said. Later that
Top Five HuffPost Science Stories This Week, March 3-8 From one of the oldest-known preserved human dissections, to a \knot\ tied with water, the week was filled with interesting
Giant Salamander VIDEO Shows World's Largest Amphibian Vacuuming Up A Meal So those first tetrapods\u2014which paved the way from sea to land\u2014may have opened wide to slurp up their prey as well. See more
Ancient Fashion Trends & 'Style' Revealed In Study Of 75,000-Year-Old Shell-Beads ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science Reconstruction (with modern shells) of the Blombos Cave
SpaceX Dragon Capsule Cleared To Dock With ISS On Sunday & Visible In Southern Night Sky Now, with all 18 Draco thrusters on the Dragon's four thruster pods working, SpaceX is ready to attempt the rendezvous. A
Dangerous Asteroids Hunt To Get Help From Private Companies, NASA Says What's really needed to make a dent in these numbers is a dedicated asteroid-hunting space telescope that would scan the
What Causes Sinkholes? Florida Tragedy Spotlights Science Of Subsidence \There's hardly a place in Florida that's immune to sinkholes,\ Sandy Nettles, the owner of a geology consulting company
Lake Whillans Submarine Played Key Role In Search For Subglacial Life (VIDEO) By
Zodiacal Light One factor is that the moon will move out of the evening sky, leaving it darker and making fainter objects more easy to spot
Top Five Stories On HuffPost Science This Week, Feb. 24-March 1 (VIDEO) A supermassive black hole's speed of rotation, the jaw of a prehistoric predator, and brain-to-brain communication are just
Great Meteor Procession of 1913 Mapped By Astronomers But 100 years later, scientists were still missing a piece of the astronomical puzzle. No one knew exactly how wide-reaching
World Sword Swallower's Day 2013 Spotlights Science Of Ancient Performance Art (VIDEO) Sticking a blade down your throat might not be the safest thing to do, that's for sure. But as the world marked the seventh
Obama's Brain Activity Map Could Be The Future Of Neuroscience Research (VIDEO) To discuss the potential benefits and concerns around the yet-to-be unveiled brain activity map project, I sat with HuffPost
Mercury Map Created Using NASA Spacecraft Photos Shows Planet In False Color (HD VIDEO) During its two years orbiting Mercury, the Messenger spacecraft is expected to snap more than 168,000 photos of the planet
Dinosaurs' Long Necks Made Possible By Hollow Bones, Sauropod Fossils Suggest \It's natural to wonder if the lack of chewing didn't, well, come back to bite them, in terms of digestive efficiency. But
Star-Shaped Gravity Waves Discovered By Physicists In France To uncover new, remarkable nonlinear waves, scientists experimented with circular and rectangular tanks containing about
Top Five Stories On HuffPost Science This Week, Feb. 17-22 (VIDEO) From monsters living in our bodies to real-life \zombie\ cells, this week's science news has a peculiar sci-fi/horror twist
Double Feature We like to separate the Apollo and Shuttle eras in our mind (and the five-year interregnum period without crewed flights makes it easy to), but in 1981, Apollo was still part of recent memory, with many key players like Young and Kranz still working at NASA.
Florida Meteor Shower According to NBC Miami, the Coast Guard received a host of calls describing bright, fireball-like objects flying through
Project Seeks To Build Map Of Human Brain The Obama administration is planning a decade-long scientific effort to examine the workings of the human brain and build
Universe Has Finite Lifespan, Higgs Boson Calculations Suggest BOSTON (Reuters) - Scientists are still sorting out the details of last year's discovery of the Higgs boson particle, but
Artificial Platelets Could Stop Battlefield Bleeding, Scientists Say By
Chimpanzee Memory Study Suggests Apes' Short-Term Recall Better Than Humans' By
The Meteor Threat From Space Is Real, but Man has a Better Chance Than the Dinosaurs The dinosaurs didn't fare well. Man, on the other hand, has a better chance. Whether or not we can deflect a large meteor as in the Hollywood movie, Armageddon, remains to be seen. But brilliant minds are at work. And nothing like an external threat to galvanize humanity.
Russian Meteor Blast Bigger Than Thought, NASA Says Late Friday, another fireball was spotted over the San Francisco Bay Area in California. That event, also unrelated, occurred
Russian Meteor Blast's 'Infrasound' Detected Over Vast Distances \This was a moderate explosion,\ said Paul Chodas, research scientist in the Near Earth Object Program Office at the Jet
SETI's Alien Life Study Finds 'No Signals Of Extraterrestrial Origin' \The analogy is, it's the water hole where animals go in the desert, so perhaps this band of frequencies is a common gathering
Last Man On The Moon, Eugene Cernan, Calls Space Station During NASA Mission Control Visit (VIDEO) The space-to-ground conversation, which aired on NASA's television channel and was streamed through the space agency's website
Picasso Paint Mystery Solved The team, nicknamed \Picasso CSI,\ developed a special, high-energy X-ray nanoprobe for the project, according to an Argonne
Who Was the Greatest Psychologist? In most realms of human endeavor, no one person ever stands out as clearly greater than the other greats in that field. Because so many are great, no one person ever shines brightest. Psychology is an exception -- Charles Darwin does tower over this field.
Japanese Flying Squid's Abilities Confirmed, Speed Measured By Scientists Image taken by Kouta Muramatsu of Hokkaido University on July 25, 2011 shows the oceanic squid flying in the air in the northwest
Landsat Launch Landsat 8 will zip around the Earth at an altitude of 438 miles (705 kilometers), using two sensors to study the planet's
Darwin and the Atom In commemoration of Charles Darwin's birthday, we will be reading again about evolution. Much of it will have been said before, many times. Here I am going to try to take a less familiar line and show how Darwinian evolution by natural selection has roots in the atomism of ancient Greece.
Space Photos Of The Week NASA launched another communications satellite into orbit last week, releasing this incredible shot of the Atlas V rocket
Herschel's Star Mystery Solved 150 Years Later, Astronomers Say An artist's illustration of a powerful supernova, which could be the eventual fate of T Coronae Borealis. Digging through
Chimps Learn Tool Use Via 'Social Learning,' Study Shows (VIDEO) \Social learning is very important to maintaining a culture,\ study researcher Shinya Yamamoto, of Kyoto University in Japan
Hot Jupiter Planet May Induce 'Gravity Darkening' Of Own Sun To Cool Off, Astronomers Say Named HAT-P-7, this star has a hot Jupiter\u2014a giant planet orbiting close-in (artist's conception shown)\u2014which other scientists
Iran Space Monkey Fake? Experts Dismiss Iran's Rocket Launch Announcement As Monkey Business Iran's recent announcement about the successful launch of a small monkey into space was greeted with a healthy dose of skepticism
If Eating Chocolate Can Make You Smarter, Can It Also Make You an Olympic Skier? Can eating chocolate make you more likely to win a Nobel Prize?  If so, then by the same logic it appears that eating chocolate can make you a better skier or skater.
2013 Comets Many comets today are discovered by teams of observers, which has started a trend to name these discoveries for the project
NASA's Best Space Images Of The Week, Jan. 27 (PHOTOS) NASA is well-known for producing some of the most stunning space images in history. And this week, the space agency has delivered
Skulls Found In Mexico May Have Belonged To Human Sacrifice Victims, Archaeologists Say \It's absolutely remarkable to think about this little nothing on the landscape having potentially evidence of the largest
Nuclear Thermal Rocket Petition Urges Development, Could Jump-Start Planet Exploration Follow TechNewsDaily on Twitter @TechNewsDaily, or on Facebook. The researchers test coatings and the fuel elements' resiliency
'Backward' Orbit Of Exoplanet Explained By Discovery Of Extra Planet, Nearby Star 9 Exoplanets That Could Host Alien Life Planets Large and Small Populate Our Galaxy (Infographic) Five Planets Discovered
HuffPost Science's Top Five Stories Of The Week, Jan. 20-25 (VIDEO) From four-stranded DNA to radioactive fish to a disco clam, I had a chance to count down the top five science stories of
'Curiosity' Night PHOTOS The ultraviolet and white-light images--snapped by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) on Jan. 22--spotlight a Martian
How to Stick to Your Resolutions by Hacking Your Brain Whether you keep a \Win Journal\ or just a photo album, your story will serve as a constant reminder of what you're capable of and inspire you to shoot even higher in the future. The more you reshape your expectations of yourself, the more you'll find yourself sticking to your goals.
What Is Jet Lag? Circadian Rhythm Can Explain Cause & Cure (VIDEO) Most of us know what jet lag feels like. According to the American Sleep Association, nearly 93 percent of travelers will
Fathers' Sexism May Curb Daughters' Work Ambitions, Research Suggests The researchers aren't sure why boys didn't respond in the same way as girls to their fathers' attitudes. It's possible that
Mars Crater Held Ancient Lake & Possibly Life, NASA Photos Suggest \Taken together, the observations in McLaughlin Crater provide the best evidence for carbonate forming within a lake environment
Scotland Storm Turns Up Lard 'Barrels' From WWII Shipwreck Farther south, at Tentsmuir Nature Reserve, beach erosion exposed a narrow-gauge railway and concrete bunkers, as well as
North Star's Distance To Earth Astronomers are lining up behind van Leeuwen. \The claimed evidence given by Turner et al. seems to me to be quite uncertain
Jupiter, Moon To Shine Closely Together In Night Sky Monday The table accompanying this guide gives local times of Jupiter's closest approach to the moon's upper edge on the night of
Top Five Stories Of The Week On HuffPost Science, Jan. 14-18 (VIDEO) From a gross spider video gone viral to a new study about violent video games, the week was full of interesting science news
NASA Images Of The Week, Jan. 20 (PHOTOS) From a sun explosion, to an enormous star death, to a mysterious, dusty cluster five million years old, NASA's best photos
Terrible News The American Psychiatric Association has proven itself incompetent to produce a safe and scientifically sound diagnostic system. Psychiatric diagnosis has become too important in people's lives to be left in the hands of one small and insulated professional organization.
'Manatee Nebula,' Officially Known As W50,  Will Be Renamed After Endangered Sea Mammal (PHOTO) \When the VLA's giant W50 image reached the NRAO director's office, Heidi Winter, the director's executive assistant, saw
Iran Space Monkey \Testing phase of these living capsules has ended and monkeys to be sent to space are now in quarantine,\ Hamid Fazeli, head
Barnacles Use 'Spermcasting' To Overcome Penis Length, New Study Suggests Although biologists assumed that the hermaphroditic P. polymerus made up for its short penis by self-fertilizing when it
NASA Images Of The Week, Jan 13 (PHOTOS) From faraway planets, to exploding stars, to twisting, colorful galaxies, NASA's space images often look more like works
GRAIL Moon VIDEO Shows NASA Craft's Lunar Orbit This is the quite surreal and beautiful timelapse footage taken by Ebb as it skimmed across part of the northern terrain
China Google Earth Mystery Solved, As Expert Explains Xinjiang 'Structures' Are Actually Factories China announced its plans to build a special economic zone in Kashgar a few years ago, and has taken on a number of projects
Roman Bathhouse Drains Found To Contain Jewelry, Scalpel, Teeth This early plumbing offers good insights, Whitmore told LiveScience, because it fairly certainly contains items lost or thrown
Our Greatest Adventures Are Ahead of Us The revolutionary tools today's explorers are using to \increase and diffuse\ knowledge would have seemed like science fiction to our founders. These new technologies are opening up arenas of exploration never before possible, revealing details of cultures once thought lost to science.
Top Five Stories Of The Week On HuffPost Science, Jan. 7-11 (VIDEO) From an incredible look at a giant squid to the International Space Station, I counted down the top five science stories
Parasitic Worm VIDEO Shows Huge Nematode Emerging From Dead Spider Host, Biologist Says When YouTube user Brent Askwith saw a freakishly large worm slither out of a spider he had just killed, he recorded the ghoulish
Sunspot AR1654 Getting Bigger, Unleashes Solar Flare In M1-Class Blast, NASA Officials Say The sun is in an active phase of its current 11-year weather cycle, which scientists call Solar Cycle 24. The sun's activity
Ripoff Knives and Body Doubles Your brain's recognition system is neither simple nor always predictable. Have you ever felt sure you'd seen your friend's face in a crowd only to realize that you'd just creeped out a stranger by staring too long?
Odd Mars 'Flower' & Snakelike Formation Spied By NASA's Curiosity Rover (PHOTOS) \u201cThe area the rover is in looks good for our first drilling target,\ rover project manager Richard Cook said. JPL spokesman
'Sesame Street' Study Uses Brain Scans To Show Program's Effect On Nerve Cells In Children, Adults By
A Living Mars \This wasn\u2019t intended as an exhaustive scientific scenario as I\u2019m sure (and expect) some of my assumptions will prove incorrect
Long-Beaked Echidna Specimen Suggests Egg-Laying Mammal Isn't Extinct In Australia After All Follow LiveScience on Twitter@livescience. We're also on Facebook\u00a0&Google+.\u00a0 Monotremes, which include bizarre little mammals
Cave-Dwelling Plants \When we stepped into our first cave, Yangzi cave, I was spellbound. It had an eerie moonscape look to it and all I could
'Peking Man' Was Sophisticated & Meticulous About Clothing, Artifacts Suggest Perhaps the strangest finding was evidence for \drilling.\ Shen explained they don't know what the hominids were drilling
Quadrantid Meteor Shower, First Of 2013, Peaks This Week The waning gibbous moon will be out in full force during the shower's peak, but skywatchers in dark areas of the Northern
Saturn's Rings, Surface, Moons Captured In Incredible Photos By NASA's Cassini Spacecraft Cassini also captured Janus, another of the more than 60 known moons of Saturn, in the top left section of the image. The
Math Skills In Children Attributed To Motivation And Study Techniques--Not IQ Score, Study Shows Looks like Tiger Mom had it half-right
Why Do We Blink So Much? Blinking Provides Mental Rest, New Research Suggests The researchers found that at points where natural breaks occurred in the video, two things happened
First 'Alien Earth' Exoplanet Could Be Discovered In 2013 By Kepler Telescope, Astronomer Predicts \I'm very positive that the first Earth twin will be discovered next year,\ said Abel Mendez, who runs the Planetary Habitability
'Alien' Skulls Found At Sonora, Mexico, Ancient Burial Site (PHOTO, VIDEO) In an earlier interview with HuffPost Weird, Ryan Matthew, a host on the Science Channel, explained that the process of cranial
Quantum Computing Using Optical Circuits May Blow Classical Computers Away ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science So have physicists outpaced a classical computer? Not even
ISS Christmas Follow Miriam Kramer on Twitter\u00a0@mirikramer\u00a0or SPACE.com\u00a0@Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook\u00a0&\u00a0Google+. The week before
What Is Frankincense? Christmas Resin Is Dried Sap Of Boswellia Sacra Tree By
Doomsday Psychology Doomsday believers tend to pick up and get on with their lives more successfully if they have strong networks of family and
Jupiter, Moon To Align On Christmas Night As darkness falls over the eastern U.S. on Tuesday, you'll see two Jupiter moons \u2014 Ganymede and Callisto \u2014 on one side of
In 2040, Asteroid '2011 AG5' Will Miss Earth, NASA Now Says Definitively Some found that statement and others about the asteroid alarming, even though the risk was considered low. AG5 garnered significant
Life Redefined They think that instead of focusing on the chemical building blocks of life, we should be identifying and seeking out important
Atlantic Gray Whale Fossil Found Off Georgia Coast The researchers say the bone is clearly from a baleen whale \u2014 or whales that use baleen plates in their mouths to filter
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Dancing To Michael Jackson (VIDEO) Rob Bricken at i09 dug up this video posted to Vimeo earlier this week of Neil DeGrasse Tyson busting some moves on the dance
Is The Universe A Computer Simulation? Physicist Martin Savage Explains (VIDEO) CSM
Science Retractions Sadly, fudged studies create false hopes, and they also sully the reputation and publication record of the co-authors, often
Gecko Tails Fall Off, Grow Back Along 'Score Lines,' Study Suggests To find out how the lizards lose their tails, the team used several types of microscopes to visualize the lizard tail's structure
The Fiscal Cliff Casualties You Won't See Science research is the bedrock of innovation, an economic engine we can't give up on. And the wonder of invention is that it changes the world in unpredictable ways. To paraphrase Mark Twain, it's the things you do not do that cause the most regret. If you agree, join us and make your voice heard.
Hands Are for Fighting, Not for Talking? So many popular stories about evolution strive to pinpoint a single evolutionary force responsible for a particular trait. I am expecting that we will see a new tide of stories that are just so, given that news of a new biomechanical study of human hands and fists has hit the presses.
Universe Data, Radiation Mapped In New 'Baby Picture' Of Universe, Astrophysicists Say (PHOTO) Astronomers have released a new \baby picture\ of the universe. The image maps the temperature of the radiation left over
Science Of Snowflakes Ever wonder how snowflakes get their amazing shapes? In a new YouTube video, Bytesize Science took on the challenge and explained
James Bond & Violence Gallery
Space Tourism Health Risks Spotlighted In Medical Researchers' New Analysis A future boom in space tourism will increasingly expose members of the public\u2014or, at least those lucky few able to afford
NASA Moon Probe Crash Holy GRAIL! Photos From NASA's Moon Gravity Mission 20 Most Marvelous Moon Missions 10 Coolest Moon Discoveries Copyright
New Ideas About the Evolution of Same-Sex Attraction The idea is that when the epi-marks on genes that affect sexual orientation get passed from father to daughter, then some traits end up more masculinized. Likewise, mother-son transmission of epi-marks can result in the feminization of some traits.
Voyager 1's 'Golden Record' Contains Directions To Earth For Aliens (VIDEO) \If aliens visit us, the outcome would be much as when Columbus landed in America, which didn't turn out well for the Native
Mummy Brain Identifying the ancient tools embalmers used for brain removal is difficult, and researchers note this is only the second
Earth's Core Blobs These findings might help explain dense layers thought to exist in the deep mantle of other planets, such as Mercury.However
Two Higgs Bosons? CERN Scientists Revisit Large Hadron Collider Particle Data The original Higgs data from back in July had shown that the Higgs seemed to be decaying into two photons more often than
Why Do Southern Drawls Sound Uneducated To Some? Study Suggests Media Exposure Plays Role Clearly, children must learn these attitudes from us; that is parents and other adults. This develops in part by the attitudes
Long, Lonely, Liminal Whatever the case may be, I know I was awestruck when I first saw those photographs--I'm talking, of course, of these photographs
Leech Cocoon Containing Vorticella-like Animal Found Fossilized In Antarctica Past research has suggested this coiled stalk, which is used to attach to substrates, may be one of the fastest cellular
Russian Proton Rocket Suffers Launch Failure Industry officials remarked after the August 2012 failure \u2013 when two Russian satellites, one for commercial fleet operator
Catfish Hunt Pigeons The behavior of the catfish when hunting pigeons is highlighted in the study, published on Dec. 5. Researchers at the University
Curiosity's Pollution It seems pollution is not just a problem on planet Earth. During its most recent exploration of the Red Planet, NASA's Curiosity
Volcanoes, Not Meteorite, Killed Dinosaurs, New Study Suggests Keller and her team got permission to analyze the sediments, finding they contained plentiful fossils from around the boundary
DNA Photo Shows Double Helix For The First Time (PHOTOS) We've sequenced it, modified it for our food, and built billion-dollar companies on it. But until now, no one has ever seen
Curiosity Rover Announcement Expected Monday; NASA To Give Mars Mission Update Members of NASA's Curiosity team are expected to give an update on its mission to Mars on Monday, Dec. 3, at noon. CBS News
Materialism Deconstructed? Believe it or not, the particle-field debate affects heavy discussions on theology, spirituality and the interaction of religion and science.
The Origin of Angst The five herd instincts are still there underneath. When they sense that we are not doing what they want, they complain and try to coax us back to that ancient herd. Those complaints are voiced to us through panic anxiety, social anxiety, OCD, atypical depression and melancholic depression.
Dinosaurs Skinny? Curved Bones Suggest Prehistoric Beasts Weighed Less Than Previously Thought The findings another intriguing question
Dinosaur 'Birds' Glided Rather Than Flew Like Modern Birds, Fossil Analysis Suggests Some of the first birdlike creatures to emerge during the age of the dinosaurs probably couldn't get their heavy wings to
Albert Einstein's Brain Albert Einstein has been dead for more than 50 years, but Einstein's brain has been \living\ at the center of a strange mystery
Why I Don't Like Energy-Efficient Light Bulbs I'm a big fan of saving energy
Makemake Dwarf Planet Beyond Pluto Lacks Atmosphere, Astronomers Say In 2011, Makemake passed directly in front of the distant star NOMAD 1181-0235723. This eclipse or occultation helped backlight
Earth's 'Hum:' Seismic Noise Helps Scientists Map Planet's Core Traditionally, researchers peer into the interior of the Earth by analyzing seismic waves generated by earthquakes. The way
Wormhole Record The wormhole technique might also help solve some questions in art history as well. \u201cThere are some situations in which a
Mars Dust Storm May Affect NASA Rovers Opportunity, Curiosity A global dust storm on Mars could have implications for the Opportunity and Curiosity rovers. If the current dust storm were
Moon Dust Elphic told SPACE.com that among its duties, the LADEE mission can further investigate tantalizing hints about the dust and
Particles Are for Real A common conception exists among today's theoretical physicists. That is, the symbols that appear in their mathematical equations represent \true reality\ while our observations, which always look like localized particles, are just the way in which that reality manifests itself.
Earth's Core & Carbon Even though the bulk of the core is iron, scientists have surmised it must contain a small amount of lighter elements such
'Fat But Happy' Gene Raises Questions About Obesity, Depression \The difference of eight percent is modest and it won't make a big difference in the day-to-day care of patients,\ said David
Alien Life Unlikely To Survive Around Dying Stars In Shifting Habitable Zones, Study Suggests Life is unlikely to survive on exoplanets that orbit cooling stars such as white dwarfs, a new study suggests. \So, even
Sexual Cannibalism In Animals Explained By Dr. Carin Bondar In New 'Wild Sex' Series (VIDEO) Believe it or not, sexual cannibalism (when one partner kills and eats the other during copulation) is common among spiders
Why Do We Eat Too Much On Thanksgiving And Always Have Room For Pie? (VIDEO) AsapSCIENCE explains that in the past, energy rich foods with lots of fat and sugar were \hard to come by.\ Essential to
The Shame of the Alcoholic America has a long tradition of public humiliation, but does shame really motivate people to change? Two psychological scientists decided to see if alcoholics' feelings of shame about their addictions might actually interfere with their attempts to get sober.
The Search for Extraterrestrial Life The question of whether extraterrestrial life exists (and in particular \intelligent\ ET life) is arguably one of the most intriguing questions today. The discovery of ET life would constitute a revolution rivaling the Copernican revolution in magnitude. Here is a brief status report.
Black Friday Science Is Black Friday really all about bargains? While it's possible to save some green on Black Friday, researchers say the retailing riot that defines the day after Thanksgiving may be less about dollars than about basic psychology.
Early Human Explorers? Neanderthals, Homo Erectus May Have Been Mediterranean Mariners The exceedingly old age of these artifacts suggests the seafarers who made them might not even been modern humans, who originated
Happy #Thanksgeeking But most of all, readers chose to thank Mom and Dad for showing them a world where science helps make sense of the complexity
Tycho Brahe Died From Burst Bladder, Not Poisoning, Astronomer's Exhumed Body Shows A film crew has been following the team throughout their investigation, and Danish broadcaster DR TV is set to air a documentary
Bdelloid Rotifers Skip Sex, Eat DNA To Survive, New Study Suggests By
Sun Eruption The giant sun eruption, called a solar prominence, occurred at 1 a.m. EST (0600 GMT), with another event flaring up four
The Voyager 1 Space Probe and the Generations of Scientists Who Care For It The question of when Voyager 1 will leave the solar system is exciting, but generally not important. The fact is that it will soon, or already has -- and therefore it has moved the human race into a new chapter of humanity as interstellar beings.
Albert Einstein's Brain May Provide Clues To His Genius, Study Says \This is a starting place,\ Falk told The Huffington Post. \In this study, we [tried to set] the groundwork by thoroughly
'Paint By Particle' NASA Atmosphere Simulation Illustrates Global Aerosol Movement (VIDEO) In the simulation, \red\ dust, \blue\ sea salt, \white\ sulphate, and \green\ carbon particles are dispersed by wind in vast
Solar Eclipse Time-Lapse Photo By Ben Cooper Frames Eclipse Against Australian Outback Photographer Ben Cooper got an amazing time-lapse shot of this week's total solar eclipse from the Australian outback. User
Why Leaders Cheat General Petraeus is the latest addition to a long list of adulterous leaders
The Origami Cosmic Web of Galaxies In the picture of how the Universe developed, an origami analogy is helpful in understanding the formation of the \cosmic web\ arrangement of galaxies.
Shenlong Space Plane As the next secretive flight of the U.S. Air Force's robotic X-37B mini-shuttle draws closer, analysts are keeping a close
Identical Twins' Genes Research Suggests Siblings Are Genetically Different SAN FRANCISCO \u2013 Identical twins may not be so identical after all. Even though identical twins supposedly share all of their
What Did Go 'Bang' in the Big Bang? Cosmologists have used the Big Bang theory to examine how the large-scale structure of the universe emerged from tiny fluctuations in the density of cosmic matter -- but the original model left some perplexing cosmic properties to chance.
Curiosity Rover Team Shifts Back To Earth Time After Using Martian Sols By
Solar Eclipse 2012 When the sun finally emerges over the east-southeast horizon, Darwin\u2019s population of 125,000 will witness \u2014 if they\u2019re awake
Shenzhou 10 Spacecraft, China's New Manned Spaceship, Planned To Launch In June 2013 The crew could include one female and two male astronauts, who are scheduled to enter the Tiangong 1 space lab module, according
Venus, Moon, Spica Star To Create Celestial Triangle In Early Morning Sky Tomorrow And here too will be a fine finish to those who are conducting early morning vigils for the Leonid meteor shower, which will
Maya Collapse, Climate Change Linked In New Study That Points To Rainfall, Droughts The last gasp Researchers have used geological records of climate from lake sediments to uncover evidence of drought, but
'Singing' Sand Dune Sounds Shaped By Sand Grain Size, Study Shows (VIDEO) By Jane J. Lee When plagued by whipping desert winds, sand dunes signal their displeasure with haunting moans that reverberate
Caveman Diet Previous estimates based on animal studies were too small and thus inflated how much animal protein our ancient ancestors
Saturn Storm Though visible signs of the Saturn storm are no longer evident, the Saturn vortex persists to this day. But it's unlikely
Fomalhaut B Exoplanet Study Suggests 'Zombie' Alien Planet Is Planetary Object, Not 'Dust' (VIDEO) \Given what we know about the behavior of dust and the environment where the planet is located, we think that we're seeing
Pumice 'Raft' Floating Off New Zealand Coast Created By Undersea Volcano Eruption, Researchers Say \The rhyolite had high volatiles, much as a can of soda is full of carbon dioxide, so when it was shaken up and the pressure
Solar Plasma Wave Larger Than Earth Erupted October 19, Solar Dynamics Observatory Reports By
Large Hadron Collider Won't Destroy Earth With Planet-Eating Black Hole, Court Says Before the atom smasher whirled to life in 2010, a number of LHC opponents raised fears that the instrument would have catastrophic
Dinosaur Headbutts Revealed In Fossil Scars, Paleontologists Say \u201cThe lesions we were seeing were strikingly similar to those that we often see on the skulls of modern mammals that ram heads
Astronomy Apocalypse If you want to believe the universe is out to kill you, it's easier to do it with a random piece of space rock than with a Mayan death ray from the black hole in Sagittarius.
Dinosaur Cells In T. Rex Fossil? Shocking Find Gets New Support From Molecular Analysis Schweitzer and her colleagues have continued to amass support for their interpretation. The latest evidence comes from a
Craig Venter On Mars DNA Plan [Move Over, DNA, and Meet the More Durable XNA] By
Prehistoric Flamingo Nest, Eggs Discovered In Spain The nest was found in a limestone block in the Ebro Basin in northeastern Spain. The researchers think it was abandoned and
Felix Baumgartner Photos To achieve this feat, 'Fearless Felix' Baumgartner jumped from a huge helium-filled balloon above New Mexico at a height
Felix Baumgartner Jump If all goes well, Felix Baumgartner will take about half an hour to get back to Earth during this afternoon's 120,000-foot
Mars Meteorite In the beginning of January, The Meteoritical Society contacted Hasnaa Chennaoui Aoudjehane, a Moroccan meteoriticist at
Comet C/2012 S1 To Come Close To Earth In 2013, Bringing Spectacular Sky Show After it loops around the Sun and forms this tail, the comet should then pass relatively close to Earth\u2014not near enough to
One-Year ISS Mission, Prelude To Deep Space Ventures, Scheduled For 2015 The 9 Coolest Mock Space Missions Quiz
Maar-Diatreme Volcano Research May Help Geologists Predict Eruptions, Find Diamonds This past summer, Valentine and his colleagues in Buffalo simulated maar eruptions, burying and detonating explosives and
New Radio-Astronomy Observatory in the Australian Outback ASKAP, officially opened by CSIRO on October 5th, 2012, is a very impressive telescope with 36 antennas, each 12 meters in diameter, spread out over 4,000 square meters and working together as one.
Is Evolution Compatible With Religion? Most scientists and science organizations in America wish to stay on good terms with the believing majority, and so the fundamental incompatibility between random evolution and divinely-guided evolution is kept under wraps.
Helix Nebula Photo A pair of NASA space telescopes have captured a spectacular new photo of the Helix Nebula, a glowing celestial vision that
Lego Rube Goldberg Machine By Michael Moyer Two years ago we featured an incredible video of the Antikythera Mechanism\u2014an ancient Greek computing device
Asteroid Dust Cloud Could Act As Sunshade, Fight Climate Change On Earth, Researchers Suggest One proposal to shade the Earth from the sun would place giant mirrors in space. The main problem with this concept is the
Republican Women Johnson and Carpinella's study, which is slated to be published online in the peer-reviewed Journal of Experimental Social
Naming the Nobels In two weeks, the eyes of the world's research community will be fixed firmly on Stockholm for the announcement of the Nobel Prizes. Thomson Reuters has released its annual list the likely contenders for a Nobel Prize.
Ancient Insects Researchers have made 3D reconstructions of two 300-million-year-old insect nymphs by putting the rare fossils under an X
Full 'Harvest' Moon Rises Saturday, Watch It Meet Uranus In The Night Sky (VIDEO) The reason for this circumstance is that the moon appears to move along the ecliptic -- the apparent path of the sun across
'Single Gene May Hold Key to Life Itself' Distortions and sensationalism really only explain how deterministic stories persist -- not why. There must be something satisfying and lucrative about \gene-for\ stories. What is so sexy about a gene for IQ?
Ig Nobel Prizes Go To Ponytail Physics, Exploding Intestines ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science The other Ig Nobel prizes went to studies that had surprising
Mars Rock So the Jake Matijevic -- the name given to the rock, after a NASA engineer who died on Aug. 20 -- is probably just a rock
Junk DNA, Junky PR The ENCODE Project results don't alter the current view of the genome; they just provide a basis for further investigation. Additionally, the findings were embargoed for years to enable the PR blitz -- at minimum unseemly when public funds are involved.
Astronomy Photos 2012 The fourth annual competition was organized by the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, England, in association with the English
Female Fertility Such a drug that blocks the action of the proteins could possibly prevent premature menopause or infertility, she added. \In
Connecting Autistic Behavior to Brain Function Even given our significant advances in understanding how the brain works, there hasn't been evidence to tie autistic behavioral patterns together with corresponding neural functions. Until now.
Bee Navigation \u201cInitially, their routes were long and complex, revisiting empty flowers several times,\u201d Mathieu Lihoreau, of the university\u2019s
Alien Planets In 'Habitable Zone Gallery' May Support Life, Study Suggests Life may be able to survive on a broader set of alien worlds than astronomers had thought, a new study suggests. The study
Megalodon, Prehistoric Shark, Called 'Apex Predator Of All Time' (VIDEO) Not much is known about the 50-plus-foot shark that once ruled the seas for 25 million years, as just about all that remains
Single Molecule Images (Image courtesy of IBM Research - Zurich) \In the case of pentacene, we saw the bonds but we couldn't really differentiate
Bill Nye Yearbook PHOTO? Popular 'Science Guy' Had A Thing For Bow Ties In High School If this yearbook photo is to be believed, then it appears that popular \science guy\ Bill Nye -- or William, as he is called
U.S. Spy Satellite NROL-36 Launches From Vandenberg On Space Mission For National Reconnaissance Office An Atlas 5 rocket\u00a0launched the new NROL-36 satellite and 11 tiny research satellites into orbit from a pad at Vandenberg
M4 Star Cluster By
\Demon Star\ Algol Of Perseus Constellation Visible In Night Sky This Week Magnitudes are celestial numbers that measures how bright a sky object is; the smaller the value, the brighter the object
September 11 Memorial As a result, disoriented birds can collide with one another and with structures. \u00a0\u00a0 New birds are expected to continue traveling
Climate Change Denial & Conspiracy Theories McIntyre later reported that an email search turned up a request from one of Lewandowsky's collaborators. In the meantime
Mars One, Manned Mission Planned For Red Planet, Gets First Sponsors Mars One estimates that it will cost about $6 billion to put the first four humans on the Red Planet. The company hopes the
Scientific Literacy? Politicians Make Embarrassing Gaffes About Science, Technology (PHOTOS) Missouri Rep. Todd Akin took a lot of heat last month for his remark in a television interview suggesting that women can't
Bill Nye 'The Science Guy' Slammed By Creation Museum, Pastor Ray Comfort (VIDEO) The bible that is often cited as a guide to natural law has been translated from other ancient languages. There must be countless
Volcano Study Shows Surprising Shifts In Gravity, May Lead To Better Prediction Of Volcanic Eruptions Continuous gravity measurements of active volcanoes are relatively rare, with most results coming from Mount Etna in Italy
Beer Drinkers Swill Faster From Curved Glasses, Scientists Say Before you down that pint, check the shape of your glass\u2014you might be drinking more beer than you realize. According to a
Blue Moon PHOTOS Blue moons occur because lunar months and calendar months aren't perfectly synched up. It takes the moon 29.5 days to zip
What Is a Boson?  Einstein Was the First to Know What is the origin of the term \boson,\ and why is it worth specifying that the Higgs is not just any old supersmall particle, but a member of the particular family of fundamental physical objects grouped together as bosons?
Video Almost all mammals have a network of veins near a hairless part of their skin that controls rapid temperature management
Ants & Radio Transmitters \I think this is a world first. It has not been done in the wild before,\ said Ellis in a video produced by the U.K. National
The Neil Armstrong Era Armstrong represented an America of really big dreams and of infinite possibility. Today, what passes for discourse in this country? Celebrity divorces? Politicians vilifying and dehumanizing one another over the relative merits of the federal budget?
What If Everyone On Earth Jumped At Same Time? (VIDEO) \If every single person alive right now on Earth stood shoulder-to-shoulder, you could fit all of us into the city of Los
'One Small Step' Neil Armstrong represented all that was the ideal in our time. I'll never forget watching those grainy images that night, as Armstrong jumped off the ladder of the lander onto the surface of the moon.
Neil Armstrong's Legacy Neil Armstrong has shunned the spotlight, his natural shyness kept him far from the limelight. Yet none can doubt the power his legacy has had on the first space generation. We now look forward to the next generation of heroes to follow in his bold footsteps.
Neanderthal Bones Suggest Species Mostly Right-Handed, Had Spoken Language Handedness is a mark of brain lateralization \u2014 a division between the left and right hemispheres of the brain, with each
Neil Armstrong Dead Armstrong, Aldrin and Collins were given ticker tape parades in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles and later made a 22-nation
Neil Armstrong Dead Launch the gallery below to see reactions on Twitter
Menopause as a Consequence of Within-Family Competition A lot of evolutionary thinking about menopause centers on the costs of dying in childbirth and the benefits provided by grandmothers. But theoretic modeling suggested that competition within the family provides the missing ingredient in our understanding of menopause.
Men & Vegetables While the theory of planned behavior is well-accepted among most health researchers, the new study is the first to use it
Squid Goes Insane In The Membrane Backyard Brains, a group of neuroscience-obsessed educators and innovators, posted a video of its latest mad scientist experiment
NASA Radiation Belt Probes Launch Postponed After Stormy Weather (UPDATE) Earlier this week, NASA also pushed back the first launch try by 24 hours, to Friday, to allow time to clear up a separate
Sun's Shape \There are literally tens of measurements, and most of them don't agree,\ Kuhn said. \Most of the differences are attributable
Curiosity -- America's Endangered Triumph The landing of the Rover Curiosity on Mars is a triumphant historic achievement, but the current state of curiosity-driven research may endanger America's capacity for future innovations.
DNA Storage Advance By John Bohannon To demonstrate its system in action, the team used the DNA chips to encode a genetics book co-authored by
Mars Rover Curiosity Update NASA on Friday released the latest images to be sent back by the Mars Rover Curiosity, including a high-resolution self-portrait
Women & Migraines ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science To conduct the study, researchers headed by David Borsook
Prehistoric Brain, Exceptionally Preserved, Found In Waterlogged Pit (PHOTO) Researchers believe the man's head with the brain still in it was probably buried quite rapidly after dismemberment in a
Earhart Plane Debris May Have Been Found On Ocean Floor Hans Van Tilburg, coordinator of the maritime heritage program for the Pacific region of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Does Natural Selection Really Explain What Makes Evolution Succeed? Did Wallace and Darwin hit the nail on the head and identify the crucial process of biological diversification? To most people, and especially to the evolutionist profession, the answer is so obviously \Yes\ that even to pose the question subjects the person asking to abuse.
Landing on Mars Takes the Right Stuff \Rocket science\ is more than propulsion, navigation, and imagination. It is the discipline to analyze very complex things in order to identify every risk. Some risks can be designed out.  Some can be reduced by a back-up system.
Aggressive Dog Breed Owners Are More Hostile Than Other Dog Owners, New Study Suggests The study still leaves open the question of whether aggressive people choose aggressive dog breeds and then intentionally
Oscar Pistorius' Prosthetic Legs There is a faction of dissenters who believe that Pistorius is at an advantage over his able-bodied peers. Biomechanist Roger Kram of the University of Colorado and biophysicist Hugh Herr of MIT led a team of scientists to investigate this perceived advantage.
Early Human Meat-Eaters Thrived As Vegetarian 'Cavemen' Died Out, Researchers Say By Katherine Harmon A team of researchers led by Vincent Balter, of \u00c9cole Normale Sup\u00e9rieure de Lyon, decided to probe into
Mars Landscapes Include Red Planet's Craters, Hills, Rocks (PHOTOS) On the Red Planet, the Mars rover Curiosity is facing brilliant hillsides, bold craters, and possibly sand dunes, not to
Mars Rover Events Here's a sampling of other Mars rover events
Mars Rover \What a tremendous opportunity it is for us,\ Jim Green, head of NASA's planetary science division, said at a conference
Curiosity On the morning of August 6, Curiosity, the most ambitious and complex robotic rover in space history, will land on the Martian surface. If successful, it could help answer questions we have been asking for a century, most notably
Moon Formed From Head-On Collision, Computer Simulations Suggest Some 4.53 billion years ago, a Mars-sized impactor slammed into Earth, forming a young, molten moon. But was it a head-on
Olympic Differences in the Way Men and Women Move Such a fundamental movement, the one-leg squat is the foundation of running, jumping, balance, and lifting.  Could this simple maneuver differ that much between men and women?
Mars Rover Crash President Barack Obama's 2013 federal budget request, which was released in February, slashes NASA's planetary science program
'A Spacesuit Ballet' Features Mashup Of Archived NASA Spacesuit Test Footage (VIDEO) NASA, which announced on Friday that it had awarded more than $1 billion in contracts to American companies for the development
Sexual Orientation The results showed that pupil dilation matches the pattern seen in genital arousal studies. In men, this pattern is generally
Star Hiccups? Odd Pulsar Found By Fermi Gamma Ray Space Telescope By
NASA Mars Rover 'Curiosity' Closing In On Red Planet To Seek Life Clues By Irene Klotz Scientists suspect the crater may have once been the floor of a lake. The rover, also known as Curiosity, has
Writing With Eyes Could Allow Paralyzed People To Communicate, Neuroscientists Say Four decades later, cognitive neuroscientist Jean Lorenceau of the Universit\u00e9 Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris was idly watching
Why You Should Be More Interested in Mars Than the Olympics The Mars race is about human survival and understanding our place in a vast and terrifyingly beautiful universe. And the stories of its athletes (mathletes?) should be world-class, because they accomplish near-impossible tasks on a cosmic scale -- the hardest sport you could ever compete in.
Moon Flags Left By Apollo Missions Still Standing, NASA PHOTOS Show In recent years, photos from the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter have also shown other unprecedented details of the Apollo landing
Higgs Boson, MinutePhysics Following CERN's big Higgs boson announcement, the popular YouTube channel MinutePhysics released a short and sweet video
Fish 'Ornament' Tricks Females For Sex, Corynopoma Riisei Study Shows By Gisela Telis The way to a woman's heart is through her stomach--at least for the swordtail characin. When a male of this
Saturn's Rings By
Epigenetics II This is number two in my series on epigenetic control of genome restructuring and hereditary transmission of traits modified by life history events. We are going to take a detour through some classic bacterial genetics history, but it will ultimately bring us back, with new insights, to epigenetic regulation.
Batman Psychology Up for revision \He is the poster boy for post-traumatic growth,\ Rosenberg said. Holy Therapist! 5 Signs Batman May Be Mental
How Do Our Cognitive Abilities Change Throughout Our Lives? Does the popular notion that babies' brains are little sponges and that older adults' minds are \all washed up\ really hold water? Until now, it has been difficult to see, scientifically, how cognitive systems change over the grand time scale of an entire life.
Early Human Fossils, Said To Be Australopithecus Sediba, Revealed In Rock By CT Scan Readers of this blog may have noticed that I\u2019m obsessed with a recently discovered member of the human family tree
Crescent Moon, Venus, Jupiter Visible In Pre-Dawn Sky Tomorrow Sometimes, such an occasion brings with it a sudden spike of phone calls to local planetariums, weather offices and even
Higgs and the Mass of the Universe In all the recent hoopla about the long-sought Higgs boson, you often hear it said that it is responsible for the mass of the universe. This is not true. Assuming it exists, the Higgs boson is actually responsible for only a small fraction of the total mass of the universe.
Vast Effort by F.D.A. Spied on E-Mails of Its Own Scientists A wide-ranging surveillance operation by the Food and Drug Administration against a group of its own scientists used an enemies
Higgs Boson Nobel Prize? Scientists Ponder Whether Prize Should Go To One Physicist Or Many The true difficulty with awarding Nobels now is that as the body of scientific knowledge grows, it's getting harder to find
Space Dust Cloud Circling Young Star Vanishes, Baffling Astronomers Astronomers had never before witnessed such a rapid disappearance of interstellar dust, and it challenges prior models of
'Summer Triangle' Lights Up July Sky Astronomers utilize absolute magnitudes for stars in which the lower the number, the brighter the object. This is the brightness
Space Shuttle Sunday, July 8, 2012, marks the first anniversary of the last launch of the Space Shuttle Program. Atlantis lifted off LC-39A at 11:29:03 after a very brief delay and began STS-135, the last mission in the three-decade-long program.
Mayan Calendar Yet it is the Mexica, not the Maya, who trafficked in the apocalypse. The Classic Maya had almost no tradition of cataclysmic
The Extra Pounds You Can't Afford to Lose Recent revelations about our microscopic partners and tenants are numerically startling, if not downright existential. Try these for starters
Was Miami Face-Chewing Attack Caused by Cannabis-Induced Psychosis? Toxicology reports released last week by the Miami-Dade Medical Examiner found that there were no traces of bath salts in the body of Rudy Eugene, the \Miami Cannibal\ who attacked 65-year-old Ronald Poppo under the MacArthur Causeway on May 26.
Solar Flare Erupts From Giant Sunspot, Marks The Summer's Strongest Flare Yet \And AR1515 did it! X1-class solar flare,\ officials with NASA's sun-watching Solar Dynamics Observatory wrote in a post
Mars Rover Landing Set For August 5, NASA's 'Curiosity' Team Says \I think people are kind of waiting,\ Richard Cook, the rover's deputy project manager, told SPACE.com. \It's a little bit
STEM Solutions Summit 2012 An extraordinary event took place from June 27 to 29 in Dallas, where the U.S. News STEM Solutions Summit 2012 brought together about 800 CEOs and other leaders concerned with improving science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education in America.
'This Is Our Planet' ISS Time-Lapse Video Will Blow Your Mind (VIDEO) The ISS orbits Earth at an average altitude of about 250 miles and travels at around 17,500 miles per hour. It makes roughly
NuSTAR, Black Hole-Hunting Telescope, Takes First X-Ray Images By
Are You Crazy? In the wee hours of July 4, at 3 a.m. New York time, the world heard two presentations from CERN about the status of the search for the so far elusive Higgs boson.
CERN Discovery The Higgs particle, although crucial for understanding how the universe was formed, remains theoretical. It explains how
Feathered Dinosaur Fossil Suggests 'All Predatory Dinosaurs Had Feathers' (PHOTO) \Under ultraviolet light, remains of the skin and feathers show up as luminous patches around the skeleton,\ said study co
'Bend It Like Beckham' Soccer Equation Tells How David Beckham Kicks Curving Shot \Whilst researching new ideas for a paper I read about how physics influences various aspects of football, from the clothing
NASA Video Gives A Tour Of The Moon (VIDEO) In the video, a narrator highlights key features including craters, astronaut trails, and the mysterious far side of the
Dogs 'Catch' Yawns From Their Owners, Empathy Research Shows \If it emerges that it is, then giving the growing range of roles being played by dogs in human society (as service and therapy
Science Is A Girl Thing Video Games - E3 2012 - The Loop As an advocate for women in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) fields, I
Spilled Orange Juice on My Way to a Math Conference in Spain From Carri\u00f3n et al., used by permission. I was on my way to a math conference in Granada, Spain. I have lots of friends in
Planet's Evaporating Atmosphere Tied To Eruption Of Exoplanet HD 189733b's Parent Star It came from the star But for this new study, it took more than just one look. \X-ray emissions are a small part of the star's
Is Efficiency Fatal? My hunch is that fossils are now speaking out to us loud and clear. And that microscopic fossils have the very darkest stories to tell. The ways of the world can be read within a grain of sand.
Space Station Astronauts Return To Earth Sunday From ISS, NASA Says SpaceX holds a $1.6 billion contract with NASA for 12 robotic cargo delivery flights. By
Mars Water \It\u2019s been puzzling why previous estimates for the planet\u2019s interior have been so dry,\ co-author Erik Hauri, of the Carnegie
Northern Lights April Auroras
Stonehenge Erected To Symbolize Ancient Unification Of Britain, Archaeologists Say Is Pearson right? One thing's for sure
Mars Snowflakes Have Same Diameter As Human Red Blood Cells, MIT Study Shows By
Bigfoot Versions Differ Across Cultures, But Rooted In Common 'Wild Man' Myth, Expert Suggests More than a quarter of Americans believe in Bigfoot, a recent poll found. They claim this legendary bipedal ape, a \long
Tyrannosaur Skeleton Seized By U.S. Government, Dinosaur Fossil Closer To Mongolia Return In a statement issued to the media, Prokopi denied paleontologists' assertion the fossils must have been excavated in Mongolia
'Science \This campaign will show women and girls that science does not just mean old men in white coats,\ Maire Geoghegan-Quinn, the
Olympics In Space? Astronauts To Hold Own 'Summer Games' Astronauts have staged orbital sports before. In fact, for the last Olympic Games, the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver
Fatherhood Science The magic fathering style that was linked to such persistence in kids is called authoritative parenting, a style characterized
Bears Can 'Count' And Compare Numbers, Showing Cognitive Ability, Scientists Say If there's anything more impressive than a bear's size, it's its intelligence. Bears can learn to ride bicycles, use tools
Space Plane The X-37B spacecraft touched down at California's Vandenberg Air Force Base at 5:48 a.m. local time Saturday (8:48 a.m. EDT
The Secret of Coolness Revealed We have brought back James Dean to our current days' cool. I could breathe freely again. Cancel my tattoos' removal appointment. Light another smoke.
X-37B, Air Force's Secret Space Plane, Lands In California After Mysterious Mission Boeing is also looking into building a larger variant of the spacecraft called the X-37C, which could ferry up to six astronauts
X-37B, Air Force's Secret Space Plane, May Return THIS WEEKEND The X-37B looks much like NASA's now-retired space shuttles, only much smaller. The space plane is about 29 feet long by
Venus, Hubble Space Telescope Seen In Dramatic NASA Photo Shot During 'Transit' Capturing the 2012 Venus Transit from Southern California (Photos) Venus Transit In Its Entirety | Time-Lapse Video Mount
Asteroid Vesta's Surface Features Revealed In Colorful New NASA VIDEO Photos
Follow the Money The APA offers a fait accompli that DSM-5 will be published in 2013 despite the poor Field Trial results, the petition requesting independent review from fifty-one mental health professional associations, the opposition from The Lancet and New England Journal of Medicine.
Neutrino Subatomic Particles Don't Travel Faster Than Light--Einstein Was Right, Physicists Say \The story captured the public imagination, and has given people the opportunity to see the scientific method in action \u2014 an
'Robot Fish' Attracts Attention From Real-Life Counterparts, Zebrafish Study Shows ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science In the dark, however, the zebrafish avoided the robot\u2014a
That Infernal Equinox There is no \alignment of the planets\ or any other possible gravitational effects of the equinoxes that would make eggs do anything weird. The only things that are weird are the nuts who claim that these dates have magical powers.
Geoengineering White Sky By Seeding Stratosphere With Sulfate Said Possible But most of the 887 participants in the survey -- 69 percent -- said they \strongly\ or \somewhat\ believed the harm from
Space Shuttle 'Enterprise,' Shuttle Replica 'Explorer' Move In NYC And Houston Sunday, June 3 NASA's Space Shuttle Museum Flights
Not Necessarily Your Last Venus Transit! The next pair of Venus transits won't be until 2117 and 2125. So, unless you are lucky and healthy enough to live for another 105 years, this will be your last chance to see a Venus transit from the surface of the Earth. But -- aha! there's the catch -- \from the surface of the Earth.\
Venus Transit Transit of Venus 2012
Partial Lunar Eclipse June 4 This partial lunar eclipse will be visible primarily across the western and central parts of the United States and Canada
Medusae Fossae By
Seeing Olympicene Imagine that a molecule of olympicene were magnified to the size of an orange. If that same orange were magnified by an equivalent factor, it would be the size of the Earth!
Smiling At Strangers Eases Loneliness, Feelings Of Ostracism, Study Says Immediately after this encounter, the unknowing participants got waylaid by another person who asked them to fill out a survey
Math Now -- Commencement Can Wait I've been spending the week before commencement, while my college officials decide which students get degrees and prizes, enjoying a week of mathematics events up and down the east coast.
Moon, Mars Put On Show For Memorial Day Skywatchers When it gets sufficiently dark you'll also take notice of a rather bright yellow-orange star appearing well above and a bit
Interspecific Hybridization and Introgression in Animal Evolution While most population biology is highly theoretical and conjectural, the Grants have been following what has actually been going on in the wild. Theirs is an exciting scientific and human story, including raising and educating their daughters in a tent while making field observations.
Maya History Suggests Trade Patterns Played Key Role In Collapse \Maya still exist today,\ he said. \Mayan languages, aspects of their culture, still exist today. Certainly the DNA of ancient
This Week In Science History, May 20-27 (SLIDESHOW) You know John Glenn was the first American to orbit the Earth--his Mercury capsule circled the Earth three times before splashing
Red Mind, Blue Mind How do Independents manage to rise above party politics while the rest of the electorate is divided by ideology? Well, perhaps they don't. New evidence suggests that the label \Independent\ may imply more objectivity and purity than these Independents deserve.
Jet Injector, Hypodermic Needle Alternative, Could Save Lives, MIT Researchers Say The jet injector device uses a small, powerful magnet and electric current to inject drugs at nearly the speed of sound. Changes
Spitzer Recants If a legendary figure like Bob Spitzer can correct his mistakes, surely the American Psychiatric Association can do the same -- for the sake of protecting our patients and keeping the mental health field united.
SpaceX Launch Abort Traced To Faulty Rocket Engine Valve By
Eclipse The eclipse's so-called \path of annularity\ begins in China's Gulf of Tongking, to the north-northwest of Hainan Island
Exoplanet Turning To Dust Under Parent Star's Intense Heat, Scientists Say The scientists, including researchers from MIT, say the planet could disintegrate completely in 100 million years, according
Solar Eclipse The condition is called solar retinopathy, and it occurs when bright light from the sun floods the retina on the back of
Apple Facts Nearly every child has bitten into a crabapple (left) at some point and spit it back out--yuck! But a new study in PLoS Genetics
5 Reasons the Future Is Better Without Jetpacks or Flying Cars Here are five reasons why you should just buy your \environmentally friendly\ vehicle of choice and stop holding your breath for a flying future that will never come.
Red Lipstick Gets Waitresses Big Tips From Men, Study Shows The researchers, Nicolas Gu\u00e9guen and C\u00e9line Jacob of the Universit\u00e9 de Bretagne-Sud, found that male patrons gave tips more
This Week In Science History, May 6-12 Paging Dr. Freud--this week in science history marks the birthday of the father of psychoanalysis. Also this week historians
Dead Satellite Envisat May Be Space Junk for 150 Years The $2.9 billion Envisat spacecraft, which is about the size of a school bus, went mysteriously silent about a month ago
SHIRI, Robotic Butt, Offers New Insight Into 'Uncanny Valley' (VIDEO) Top 7 Useful Robots You Can Buy Right Now Today's Humans Ready to Love Tomorrow's Robots 5 Reasons to Fear Robots Copyright
Winter Birthday Study Links Season Of Birth, Mental Health The researchers found that all the mental disorders they looked at showed seasonal distributions. Schizophrenia and bipolar
Supermoon Photos 2012 To all those who shared their snaps and their thoughts, we say thank you! The supermoon was at its most super at 11:34 p.m
Spilled Coffee \This is a very cool study,\ says Lei Ren, a specialist in the biomechanics of walking at the University of Manchester in
Don Pettit Dancing Water VIDEO In a new installment of Pettit's physics-in-space video series Science off the Sphere, he splashes water droplets on top
Blond Afro Gene Study Suggests Hair Color Trait Evolved At Least Twice \I think it's a very solid study,\ says Rasmus Nielsen, a population geneticist at the University of California, Berkeley
Asteroid Mining, The Republican Brain, Science Education On 'The Point' (VIDEO) I was recently invited to guest host \The Point,\ presented by \The Young Turks'\ YouTube channel, TownSquare. As the Science
Sierra Nevada Mountains Age \Most of the seismic cycle is made up of periods of time where the Earth is not shaking, but it is deforming,\ Hammond told
Supermoon Need some inspiration? Check out these breathtaking images of last year's supermoon
Saturn Moons Enceladus, Dione Captured In New Cassini Probe Flyby PHOTOS NASA's Cassini spacecraft zoomed by two Saturn moons this week to take what scientists say are the last close-up views of
'Supermoon' 2012 Pics And Tweets (LIVE UPDATES) At 11:34 p.m. EDT, the moon will appear 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than its smallest and dimmest form, as
Rat Bite Study Shows Rodent Owes 'Success' To Gnawing, Chewing Abilities Not surprisingly, they found that squirrels can more efficiently apply force with their bite muscles when gnawing than can
Alien Life? Study Suggests Vast Number Of Planets Could Harbor It \The habitable zone would be very, very small. Consequently, the chances that you would actually find any planet at the right
Dark Matter Particles Collide Frequently With Atoms In Human Bodies, Study Suggests Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter\u00a0@Spacedotcom\u00a0and on Facebook. Dark matter
Nuthin' to Explain In a recent book called A Universe From Nothing
Gene Screens for Soldiers What are the implications for society if a serious mental illness can be avoided by deliberately excluding some people from certain sorts of situations? Should our screening mechanisms become so heavy-handed, if the technology allows it?
Cell Phone Study Suggests Female Relationships Shape Society Dunbar nonetheless suspects that the patterns they have identified are universal; he and his colleagues have a paper in press
Jupiter Sky Show Ends April 22, With Planet 'Returning' In June To enhance your chances of getting a good look at both the moon and the planet, make sure that your prospective viewing site
Face's Left Side More Attractive Than Its Right Side, Study Shows \Our results suggest that posers' left cheeks tend to exhibit a greater intensity of emotion, which observers find more aesthetically
Science Needs Nonpartisan Advocates John Scopes was arrested for teaching evolution in Tennessee 87 years ago. The consequent \Scopes Monkey Trial\ resonates
Salem Witch Trials Followed Cold Weather, New Research Finds The Salem witch trials fell within an extreme cold spell that lasted from 1680 and 1730 \u2014 one of the chilliest segments of
What Would Happen If You Fell Into A Black Hole? By
Majorana Fermion Particle Evidence Found By Physicists If Majoranas are confirmed, they are expected to have properties that make them ideal for constructing a quantum computer
Dung Beetles' Favorite Feces Comes From Omnivores, Research Shows By
Venus Visibility At Peak In Western Sky April 14, 15 That brings us to this week. Currently, Venus is arriving at that point where it will set at its absolute latest time of
Uranus Auroras Spied By Hubble Space Telescope In First-Ever Feat \This configuration is unique in the solar system,\ added Lamy, who noted that the two transient, illuminated spots observed
Mobile Lorm Glove Helps Deaf-Blind People Text Message Follow InnovationNewsDaily on Twitter @News_Innovation, or on Facebook. 8 Most Innovative Designs of the Year New App Lets
Thomas Edison's Greatest Invention Edison also made useful contacts with news reporters who worked closely with telegraph operators, Israel explained. Many
Sense Of Fairness, Altruism Observed In Infants As Young As 15 Months Old Well before \u201cnot fair!\u201d becomes a staple phrase of your child\u2019s spoken repertoire, he or she might already have a fundamental
ATV-3 Cargo Ship Edoardo Arnaldi Arrives At Space Station (PHOTO, VIDEO) American astronaut Don Pettit shared a version of the docking photo on Twitter the following day. The robotic ATV vehicles
Hyenas Hunt In Ethiopia When Lent Makes Scavenging Impossible Spotted hyenas are adept hunters, capable of bringing down prey such as zebras, wildebeests and even young rhinoceroses. But
Fat People Get More Radiation From X-Rays, Study Shows The study will be published April 6 in the journal Physics in Medicine & Biology. Very high doses of radiation are known
April Fools' Day 'Science' Includes Five Bogus Discoveries Scientists and science journals are at an advantage when it comes to fooling the rest of the world on April 1. For one thing
Facebook Tied To Feeling Fat, Eating Disorders By
Asteroid 2012 EG5 Gives Earth Close Shave On April Fools' Day Scientists with NASA's Near-Earth Object Program at JPL and other teams of astronomers regularly monitor the sky for larger
How Social Science Could Help Build a Better Kony Campaign Kony 2012's story raises a concern about viral activism
'Space Cats' Viral Video's Creator Explains April Fools Joke (VIDEO) In some images, Widgen shows where the cats originally were, saying that he can still see \the feline signature.\ He also
'Dolphin Mafia' Alliances Battle For Prized Females, Study Finds Although bonobos, orangutans, and Western gorillas have less hostile relationships with neighboring groups than do chimpanzees
Too Much Homework Can Lower Test Scores, Researchers Say That's the conclusion of a group of Australian researchers, who have taken the aggregate results of several recent studies
Robot Submarine To Europa Could Find Aquatic Life On Jupiter's Icy Moon A Europa submarine mission didn't make the Decadal Survey's list; it's just not feasible at the moment. If scientists want
Hidden Beauty in Turboencabulators This scientist is about as effective a communicator as Charlie Brown's teacher
Hand-Held Robot Performs Prostate Surgery Add this to the list of things that robots are better at than humans
Santorum Says Porn Causes Aggression But Scientists Disagree \It's a reflection of what our culture produces to show what is sexy about women or what should be considered a sexual ideal
Space Junk Forces ISS Astronauts to Take Shelter in 'Lifeboat' Capsules While the size of the space debris was difficult to pin down, it was \relatively small,\ NASA spokesman Rob Navias said during
Exoplanets Can Zoom From Galaxy At 'Warp Speed,' Study Shows The strong gravitational pull at the galactic center ripped the stars apart, sending one hurtling through space at high speeds
'Hunger Games' Exposes Myth of Technological Progress But the popularity of the \Hunger Games\ series has not stopped some fans from eying the technological imbalances of the
Crayfish Claws Can Fake Out Attackers, Cherax Dispar Research Shows The hidden punch This phenomenon isn't just limited to crayfish, the researchers said. \Because the majority of animals possess
Russian Satellite Express\u2014AM4 To Crash Into Pacific Ocean On Purpose WASHINGTON -- The Russian government will guide the large Express-AM4 telecommunications satellite, which was launched into
Shuttle Launch Video Shows NASA Space Shuttle In High Definition (VIDEO) What\u2019s it like to hitch a ride on a rocket? AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWSOME. At least that\u2019s what one commenter wrote after viewing
NASA To Launch Five ATREX Rockets Within Five Minutes On March 18 NASA will broadcast the five ATREX launches online live, with coverage beginning two hours before the opening of the launch
Hubble's Messier 9 Globular Cluster Photo Shows Thousands Of Colorful Stars (PHOTO) You can follow SPACE.com assistant managing editor Clara Moskowitz on Twitter @ClaraMoskowitz. Follow SPACE.com for the latest
Alan Alda's Flame Challenge and Kids' Five Most Popular Science Questions Can you do better? Contest entries are due by April 2. 1. Why is the Moon sometimes out in the day? 2. Why is the sky blue
Slainte! Ireland From Space Is Shamrock Green (PHOTO) While vegetation is abundant, little of it is forests. Clearing in the 17th century removed most of the country's forests
Atomic Clocks Are Accurate, But 'Nuclear' Clock Would Be Almost 100 Times More Accurate This makes for a more accurate clock because neutrons are bound much more tightly to a nucleus than electrons to atoms. As
Mayan Calendar 2012 Doomsday Scenarios Debunked By NASA Scientist (VIDEO) In the video, which was posted online Wednesday (Mar. 7), Don Yeomans, head of the Near-Earth Objects Program Office at NASA
Why Did the 2011 Japan Tsunami Kill So Many People? With so little time to try to escape, tsunami preparedness becomes the most important thing in saving lives. Unfortunately, the response of many Japanese to that warning was inadequate due to their lack of tsunami preparedness training.
Predicting Psychosis Risk Is Pretty Risky Originally called 'psychosis risk,' it is now repackaged more modestly as 'attenuated psychotic symptoms.' However named or renamed, this is a dangerous idea with little benefit and extremely risky, unintended consequences.
Sex Education Delays Teens' Sexual Activity, Study Shows You can follow LiveScience\u00a0senior writer Stephanie Pappas on Twitter @sipappas. Follow LiveScience for the latest in science
Biggest, Fastest, Deadliest Among animals, the blue whale is the biggest and the cheetah is the fastest runner\u2014 most of us have known this since grade
'Purple Wonder' Strawberry Developed By Cornell Horticulturists \The color develops all the way through the fruit, which might surprise consumers accustomed to supermarket fruit with color
'Vortex Gun' Shoots 90-MPH Rings of Gas, Might Help Firefighters, Police (VIDEO) Similarly, an electrically charged vortex gun could add extra clinginess to tear gas or pepper spray particles. The ring
Mars Moves To 'Opposition' Point On March 3, Giving Skywatchers Year's Best View Of Red Planet (PHOTOS) Every 26 months, the orbits of Earth and\u00a0Mars\u00a0align such that the two planets form a relatively straight line with the sun
Wine Knowledge, Ability To Taste Bitter Flavor Linked In New Study Of Propylthiouracil, Or 'PROP' \Supertasting,\ which sensitivity to PROP may indicate, is a condition that gives people far greater ability to taste than
'SpeechJammer' Speech-Squelching Device Developed By Japanese Scientists (VIDEO) The computer-controlled device features a microphone and a loudspeaker that plays back a speaker's voice 0.2 second later
Alan Alda, Stony Brook University's Center For Communicating Science Aim To Satisfy Kids' Curiosity \Would you be willing to have a go at writing your own explanation of what a flame is \u2014 one that an 11-year-old would find
Pacific Red Lionfish Blows Jets Of Water To Snare Prey, Pterois Volitans Study Shows (VIDEO) Only 18% of observed lionfish in the Atlantic blew these jets, while about half of the observed lionfish employed this strategy
Planets Align \This arrangement will be visible all around the world, from city and countryside alike,\ Phillips explained in a NASA announcement
Rogue Planet 'Nomads' May Outnumber Stars In Milky Way The researchers used a technique called gravitational microlensing to detect these homeless planets. This method examines
Maya Civilization Collapsed Amidst Mild Drought, New Study Suggests Keith Prufer, a Maya archaeologist at the University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, who has worked closely with paleoclimatologists
Challenger Video For more about the video, click over to New Scientist. LOOK
Keeping Name After Marriage Makes Some See Wife As Less Committed To Husband, Study Says 10 Wedding Traditions from Around the World How Do I Love Thee? Experts Count 8 Ways Busted! 6 Gender Myths in the Bedroom
Astronaut Builds LEGO Space Station Inside Real One The LEGO station's time fully assembled was short lived however. Due to the flammability hazards, the toy bricks could only
This Is My Brain on Science You may ask, \What is it like in a scientist's brain?\ Let's start with my thought processes for an everyday task like seeing an article on The Huffington Post -- for example, this one
Galaxy Video Other highlights include a meteor's spectacular trail at the 53-second mark and a couple of ghostly deer at 1:27. Keep clicking
Royal Garden Of Ramat Rahel In Biblical Kingdom Of Judah Reconstructed Since excavators discovered the garden, they could only imagine its leafy, flowery inhabitants. That is until now. \This
Test Tube Meat Coming, But Stanford Biologist Hails New Meat Alternative Neither Brown nor Post disclosed their funding sources when asked at the press conference, but Brown said that his funding
Transistor Single Atom In Size Created By Australian Scientists Just when you thought electronic devices couldn't get any smaller comes word that Australian scientists have fabricated a
Sun Tornadoes, Eruptions Of Super-Hot Plasma, Skirt Solar Surface In New NASA Video In the video, cooler plasma material appears as darker spots on a bright background. The SDO spacecraft recorded the video
A New H5N1 Flu Virus? This Research Should Stop Now The risks to world health from research to make an extraordinarily lethal avian flu virus contagious in humans have finally caught everyone's attention after months of warnings from us and many other experts.
Native American Languages Siletz Dee-Ni, Ashininaabemowin Facing 'Extinction' One example is the Native American language Siletz Dee-ni, which was once spoken widely by native people in Oregon, but which
Motherboard TV I don\u2019t know where this came from, given his famous sense of humor and gentlemanly persona. But when I referenced his famously
Social Networks for Scientists Won't Work We're not really picking on any particular social network effort here. But why haven't any of these platforms truly caught on in the scientific community?
Long Distance Relationships May Benefit From 'Hug Shirts,' Other Technologies All communication technologies engage the imagination in some way, to fill in the inevitable gap with real life. People should
Alien Planets Can Be Stripped Of Water By Gravity, Scientists Say It could be that instead of triggering a runaway greenhouse effect, tidal heating might actually warm otherwise frigid planets
The Bird Flu Debate The recent controversy over whether to research and publish data about a human transmissible H5N1 bird flu is disheartening to one who has spent a career advocating policies to promote and protect the public's health.
Sun-Watching NASA Satellite RHESSI Sees 40,000 Solar Flares In Decade In Space During a solar eruption, intense magnetic activity causes areas around darkened patches, called sunspots, to emit energy
Science And Religion Quotes Figuring God into the world of science is a nebulous task. What happens when observers of the fact-based natural world must
Doug Wheeler 'Infinity Environment' Piece Shows What Infinity Is Like As I stepped into the Infinity Environment on Wednesday morning (Feb. 1), I heard faint gasps from those around me. With
Virtual Reality Contact Lenses May Exist By 2014 Innovega plans to deliver prototype devices over the course of 2012 and 2013. \In 2012, we're also aiming to get FDA approval
The Five-Second Rule Is Baloney! No matter how you slice it, any such rule is baloney, or a red herring, or any other food metaphor you like, because the length of time your food rests on the floor has nothing to do with how contaminated it gets.
Eros Asteroid Flyby Attracts Amateur Astronomers Today's technology allows for much more precise methods of measuring the distance to planets and other orbiting bodies. It
Rosetta, Comet-Exploring Spacecraft, To Touch Down In 2014 (VIDEO) The video above offers a visualization of what's expected during Rosetta's and Philae's groundbreaking trip. Scientists believe
Football Statistics Suggest Teams Should Go For It On Fourth Down Overall, limiting the number of possessions an opponent's offense gets, really stacks up in a team's favor. That strategy
Blue Marble Eastern Hemisphere SCROLL DOWN FOR IMAGES The spacecraft, which was sent into orbit last October, will be used to forecast weather and to study
Just in Time for Valentine's Day It's both funny and remarkable how some of the most simple and natural acts we do each day are teeming in science. Take for example, the kiss.
Fur Will Fly at First Scientific Conference on Animal Consciousness Birds, dolphins, elephants, mice, pre-historic human beings... Do any creatures other than modern-day people possess what we call consciousness? Brain researchers from around the world are set to explore that question this summer.
Space Shuttle Challenger Disaster Marks 26th Anniversary Later that day, President Reagan returned to the airwaves to console a grieving nation. He reserved a few words specifically
Treating a World Without Antibiotics? Because of the overuse of antibiotics, antibiotic resistance is developing all of the time. With microbial evolution outpacing human invention, a nightmare scenario is possible. And this isn't just science fiction.
Russian Cargo Ship Docks At International Space Station Gallery
Robots Play Catch, Starring Agile Justin And Rollin' Justin (VIDEO) image 1
Thomas Edison Voted Most Iconic Inventor In U.S. History That doesn't mean Jobs lacks for fans in the wake of his death last year. The man who relentlessly drove Apple to create
Aurora Borealis Caused By Huge Solar Storm Shimmers Over Norway (VIDEO) Aurora borealis can typically only be seen at high northern latitudes. But during periods of high solar activity - such as
