Jets Chairman Christopher Johnson Won't Fine Players For Anthem Protests \u201cI never want to put restrictions on the speech of our players.\
Trump Posthumously Pardons Boxer Jack Johnson The pardoning of the black heavyweight boxer is only the third posthumous pardon in U.S. history.
Anna Kournikova Dancing With Her Bouncing Baby Is The Cutest Thing The score is love-love.
Trump Says NFL Players Unwilling To Stand For Anthem Maybe 'Shouldn't Be In The Country' \I don\u2019t think people should be staying in locker rooms,\ Trump told Fox News. \You have to stand proudly for the national anthem or you shouldn\u2019t be playing.\
Brandi Chastain Totally Agrees Her Hall Of Fame Plaque Looks Nothing Like Her Was it supposed to be Gary Busey or Mickey Rooney?
NFL Bans Kneeling During The National Anthem Teams can set their own policies for punishing players.
The History Of The National Anthem In Sports How \The Star-Spangled Banner\ became a part of American sports culture.
Israeli Soccer Team Beitar Jerusalem To Add 'Trump' To Its Name Beitar Jerusalem said it's making the move to honor the U.S. embassy's relocation.
Coach Tells Hurt UFC Fighter To Continue After She Says, 'I'm Done' Raquel Pennington took even more of a beating in a bloody loss to champion Amanda Nunes.
$18 Derby Day Bet Wins Thrilled Texas Woman $1.23 Million It was like a \mini-lotto,\ says the Pick 5 winner.
U.S. Olympic Committee Ignored Sexual Abuse Complaints Against Taekwondo Stars Over 45 women have accused Jean and Steven Lopez of sexual misconduct.
Why The Kentucky Derby Horses Have Such Interesting Names This year's competitors include Free Drop Billy, Good Magic and Instilled Regard.
Here's Why We Say The Expression 'Hands Down' A little slice of trivia to wow your friends during the Kentucky Derby.
MLB Pitcher Punches Himself In Face Really Hard After Blowing Game Astros reliever Ken Giles said he was \frustrated.\
How Nick Foles Got Back Up The Super Bowl MVP chats with a childhood friend about his unusual journey from NFL backup to star to backup again.
Washington NFL Cheerleaders Say They Were Required To Pose Nude, Act As 'Escorts' The New York Times report comes on the heels of two lawsuits from other teams' cheerleaders alleging discriminatory treatment.
Cowabunga! Brazilian Rodrigo Koxa Breaks World Record Surfing 80-Foot Wave \I got a present from God,\ the gutsy surfer said at a World Surf League ceremony.
Shaquem Griffin Becomes First One-Handed Player Selected In NFL Draft Griffin joins his twin brother Shaquil on the Seattle Seahawks.
Trump Meets The 2018 Olympic Team, With A Few Major Absences Not present
Super Runner Semenya Faces New Testosterone Limits In Sports Gender Battle Officials grapple again with fair competition and gender definition.
LeBron James Nails Incredible 3-Point Buzzer-Beater To Seal Game 5 For Cleveland Game-winning shot puts Cleveland up 3-2 in playoff series against Indiana.
McKayla Maroney Says She Told Olympic Coach Of Nassar Abuse In 2011 Maroney told \Dateline\ she reported the abuse to John Geddert during the 2011 World Championships, but he did nothing.
Colin Kaepernick Receives Amnesty International's Highest Honor For Activism The NFL quarterback took a knee during the national anthem to protest police brutality and inequality, stirring a wave of activism in pro sports.
Lance Armstrong Settles $100 Million Federal Fraud Case For $5 Million The former cycling champion was accused of defrauding his sponsor, the U.S. Postal Service, by using performance-enhancing drugs.
The Karolyis Say They Had No Idea About Nassar Abuse At Their Training Facility Martha and Bela Karolyi of the elite gymnastics training center the Karolyi Ranch finally broke their silence on Larry Nassar.
The NBA Shows Its Love For Gregg Popovich After Wife's Death \It's bigger than winning and losing,\ Warriors star Kevin Durant said.
McKayla Maroney Says Larry Nassar Abused Her Hundreds Of Times The Olympic gymnast said the now-imprisoned former USA Gymnastics team doctor groomed her with food.
Desiree Linden Becomes First American Woman To Win Boston Marathon In 33 Years The last time an American woman won was in 1985.
Boxer Wearing 'America 1st' Shorts Gets Pounded By Mexican Opponent The message on those boxing shorts is truly below the belt.
The Yankees And Red Sox Brawl Because That's How It Must Be Punches flew in the first series of the year between the rivals.
32-Year-Old Minor-Leaguer Called Up To Lakers Aces NBA Debut \The crowd, the lights -- it was once in a lifetime,\ Andre Ingram said after scoring 19 points.
Meet The First UFC Fighter To Wear A Turban To A Match Arjan Singh Bhullar is the UFC's first Sikh and first fighter of Indian descent.
NHL Teams Honor Victims Of Canada's Junior Hockey Bus Crash Teams in Canada and the United States came together as one to pay their respects to the young lives lost.
Sergio Garcia's 13-Stroke Masters Hole Shows Even A Champ Can Epically Fail \It's just one of those things,\ he said.
Conor McGregor Charged With Assault In Chaotic Attack Of Bus The UFC star \went bananas\ and shattered a window, injuring other fighters.
New England Patriots Player And Assistant Help Thwart School Shooting Threat See something, say something.
Coach Affiliated With USA Water Polo Charged With Sexually Abusing Underage Athletes Bahram Hojreh allegedly molested seven girls while working as a coach in California.
USA Taekwondo Coach Banned From Sport Over Sexual Assault Accusations Jean Lopez has been accused of sexually abusing at least four female taekwondo athletes.
The Legendary Cristiano Ronaldo Scores A Legendary 'Bicycle Kick' Goal So utterly ridiculous.
'Japan's Babe Ruth' Hits 1st MLB Homer 2 Days After His 1st Pitching Win Shohei Ohtani's three-run blast traveled nearly 400 feet.
Villanova Dominates Michigan In NCAA Championship Game, Its Second Title In Three Years Donte DiVincenzo came off the bench to pour in a game-high 31 points.
High School Basketball Player Pulls Off Jaw-Dropping Solo Alley-Oop Tyler Williams said he wanted to \spice up\ the game.
Buzzer-Beater Gives Notre Dame Win Over Mississippi State In 2018 National Championship Arike Ogunbowale drained a 3-pointer from the right corner with 0.1 seconds to play.
Michael Phelps To U.S. Olympic Committee Most athletes experience post-Olympics depression, he said, and they need more help.
The Plot To Put Amateurism And The NCAA In The Past College basketball -- played by (honest) professionals. Just like the olden days.
Students Singing National Anthem Kneel At MLB Game Colin Kaepernick retweeted a picture of the apparent protest.
Vegas Golden Knights Retire Jersey No. 58 To Honor Victims Of Last Year's Mass Shooting The tribute came six months after the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
36-Year-Old Accountant Wins Ovation In Emergency NHL Debut Scott Foster stopped every shot as the Chicago Blackhawks' emergency fill-in goalie.
Infamous Cristiano Ronaldo Sculptor Gets Another Try At The Soccer Star's Bust It's a \Ronal-Do over.\
Police Arrest Larry Nassar's Former Michigan State University Boss William Strampel faces multiple charges, the specifics of which are still unknown.
No. 11 Loyola Chicago Reaches Final Four For First Time Since 1963 Sister Jean, Loyola's 98-year-old team chaplain, was there to cheer them as they defeated Kansas State.
First Player Of Color In The NHL, The Son Of Chinese Immigrants, Dies At 94 Larry Kwong fought racism and discrimination throughout his journey to the professional leagues.
Radio Host Defends 'F**k' Tweet At 98-Year-Old Nun And Team Chaplain \I don't regret the joke,\ Cody McClure said of his message about Sister Jean of Loyola University Chicago.
Nothing Says March Madness Like A Coach Stripping To The Waist \It's the happiest I've ever been in my life,\ Nevada coach Eric Musselman said.
LeBron James Once Gained 7 Pounds In A Single NBA Playoff Game Teammates who reportedly saw the scale confirmed the story.
Martina Navratilova \It was a shock,\ the tennis great says in a gender pay-gap documentary.
Larry Nassar's Longtime Boss Reportedly Said In 2016 That He Thought Victims Were Lying \Patients lie to get doctors in trouble,\ the former dean of MSU's College of Osteopathic Medicine allegedly said.
Michigan Stuns Houston With Wild Buzzer Beater In NCAA Tournament Freshman Jordan Poole hit a desperation three pointer as time expired to secure a 64-63 win.
No. 16 UMBC Defeats No. 1 Virginia In Biggest Upset In Men's NCAA Tournament History It's the first time in the men's NCAA tournament a No. 16 seed has defeated a No. 1 seed.
Rob Gray's Man Bun Just Won The NCAA Tournament The Houston guard, who scored the winning basket, has game to go with his signature style.
Ex-MLB Prospect Cut By Team After Video Of Him Beating Girlfriend Surfaces \There is no choice but to sever the relationship,\ the team manager said after seeing the footage.
Tom Brady Destroys Stephen Colbert In A Beer Chugging Contest Colbert never had a chance.
The NCAA Men's Championship Tournament Teams Are Finally Revealed March Madness is officially underway.
MLB's Jos\u00e9 Altuve Not Remotely Intimidated By President Trump During WH Visit The Astros second baseman appeared stone-faced through most of the visit.
Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade Pays Surprise Visit To Parkland High School \u201cI just wanted to come and say I\u2019m inspired by all of you,\u201d he told students at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High, where a gunman killed 17 people last month.
NBA Star Reveals Struggle With Panic Attacks And How Men 'Suffer Silently' Kevin Love of the Cavaliers wants men to know that it's OK to talk about mental health.
Vladimir Putin Juggles Soccer Ball To Hype World Cup Thanks to generous editing.
Male Survivor Of Larry Nassar Hopes Former Gymnastics Doctor 'Rots In Hell' Gymnast Jacob Moore is the first male to publicly accuse Nassar of sexual abuse.
People Sent A Lot Of Racist Email To UCLA After 3 Athletes Were Arrested In China \u201c3 JERKS \u2014 DISGRACED THE COLLEGE \u2014 OUR COUNTRY AND THEIR RACE!\u201d read one typical email.
UCLA Basketball Players Freed Before Trump Intervened An ESPN investigation found Trump wasn't involved with the students' release.
Roger Bannister, First Man To Run Mile In Under 4 Minutes, Dies At 88 Roger Bannister made headlines around the world at 25 when he ran a mile in 3 minutes and 59.4 seconds.
Aly Raisman Sues U.S. Olympic Committee For Silence On Larry Nassar \I refuse to wait any longer for these organizations to do the right thing.\
First Male Gymnast Accuses Larry Nassar Of Sexual Abuse Jacob Moore says in a lawsuit the now-imprisoned USA Gymnastics doctor molested him during treatment for a shoulder injury.
Even By LeBron James' Standards, This Move Was Mind-Blowing \MY GAAAAAWD\
James Harden Shows No Mercy To Wesley Johnson In Brutal Ankle-Breaker Johnson may have to go into hiding after this one.
Barack Obama Reveals Which NBA Team He'd Want To Play For And the coach's response is pretty hilarious.
NFL Names Pizza Hut Its New Official Pizza Sponsor After Dropping Papa John's Here's the deep dish.
U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun Resigns, Cites Health Issues Two senators were among those calling for his resignation as widespread sexual abuse of athletes came to light.
U.S. Olympian Deletes Selfie With Ivanka Trump \u201cIt was allowing people to spew hate at each other which broke my heart,\ said bobsledder Lauren Gibbs.
Olympic Doping Whistleblower Fights Back Against Russian-Backed Lawsuit The strange case of Grigory Rodchenkov, who blew the whistle on Russia's Olympic doping operation and fled to the U.S., takes another turn.
Russian Olympian Who Wore 'I Don't Do Doping' Shirt Fails Doping Test Bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva was the second Russian athlete to fail a doping test at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
For First Time In 20 Years, Team USA's Women Athletes Won More Medals Than The Men There were more men than women on the team, too.
Figure Skater Yuzuru Hanyu Strikes Most Extra Pose For Olympic Group Selfie He brought so much fire to the ice for this shot.
Influential NBA Agent Dan Fegan Dead In Car Crash Two passengers riding with Fegan, his 5-year-old son and a 29-year-old California woman, sustained serious injuries and were airlifted to a hospital in Denver.
Russia Barred From Flying Its Own Flag At Olympic Games Closing Ceremony The IOC said two Russian doping violations during the Pyeongchang Games had marred an otherwise clean report card for the Russian delegation.
Wrong Turn Costs Austrian Cross-Country Skier An Olympic Medal \I had a blackout. I don\u2019t know why I took the wrong way,\ Teresa Stadlober later said of her devastating mistake.
Stunning Photos Capture The 2018 Olympics' Closing Ceremony In All Its Glory The action-packed ceremony featured everything from roller-blading pandas to K-pop musicians.
Russian Hockey Players Sing Banned Anthem At Olympic Medal Ceremony The men's team sang their country's hymn over the sound of the Olympic anthem after winning gold against Germany.
All The Best Moments From The 2018 Winter Olympics Closing Ceremony The games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, drew to a colorful close on Sunday.
Pita Taufatofua Goes Shirtless One Last Time For Closing Ceremony The Tongan flag bearer and cross-country skier stole the show once more.
Olympian Gus Kenworthy Burns Ivanka Trump The first daughter led the U.S. delegation during the Olympics closing ceremony.
Team Canada Deserves A Podium Spot For This Olympic Bus Sing-Along \I'm bleeding maple syrup from this.\
Japan Swoops In To Nab Women's Mass Speed Skating Gold In a sudden move, Nana Takagi overtook a Dutch skater, who then came in third.
Ester Ledecka Makes Olympic History With Snowboard Gold She won gold in both the skiing and snowboarding events in Pyeongchang.
USA Makes History With First Olympic Curling Gold After Unlikely Comeback It was a real Cinderella story.
Ex-NFL Player In Custody After Instagram Post Prompts High School Closure The Los Angeles high school said there was \no imminent threat to our campuses or school community.\
Olympics Snafu Sees U.S. Champion Curlers Receive The Wrong Medals But the blunder did nothing to dampen the history-making squad's mood.
This Squirrel Just Cheated Death On The Olympic Snowboarding Course This is nuts.
Streaker Crashes Olympic Speedskating With A Message For The World What a performance!
Exclusive The documents tie some of the biggest names and programs in the sport to activity that appears to violate the NCAA\u2019s amateurism rules.
Mirai Nagasu Says Her Parents' Hard Work In Restaurant Inspires Her Discipline On Ice Vincent Zhou, who became the first skater to land a quad lutz at the Olympics, described Nagasu as \u201cthe hardest worker I know.\u201d
Olympic Speedskaters Throw Huge Replica Medal Into Crowd, Injuring Fans The Dutch athletes apologized for the \very regrettable\ stunt.
For Some Gay Athletes At The Olympics, Being Out Is A Weight Lifted Team USA's Gus Kenworthy and Canada's Eric Radford speak to HuffPost about their winning outlooks.
Olympian Mirai Nagasu Reveals What It's Like To Compete On Her Period Anything you can do, Mirai can do bleeding.
Russian Bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva Fails Doping Test A Russian curler had earlier lost his bronze medal over doping charges.
Adam Rippon Will Now 'Totally' Take Mike Pence's Telephone Call But the Olympian still thinks the vice president \doesn't stand for anything that I was taught when I grew up.\
Alina Zagitova Gives Olympic Athletes From Russia Their First Gold Medal Of Pyeongchang Games OAR skater Evgenia Medvedeva won silver while Canada\u2019s Kaetlyn Osmond took the bronze.
The Best Meme Of The Winter Olympics Belongs To Scott Moir \This should be one of those Canadian Heritage Moments.\
Russian Curlers To Return Bronze Medal After Failing Doping Test At Winter Olympics The curler tested positive in both of the previous drug tests
U.S. Women's Olympic Hockey Wins Gold In Nail-Biter Finish Over Canada Wow, that was stressful.
Lindsey Vonn Falls Short In Likely Last Olympics Run Her teammate Mikaela Shiffrin instead took silver in the women's combined.
Fans Had Absolutely Zero Chill About America's Nail-Biting Hockey Win Over Canada \Raise your hand if you're too pumped to go to sleep.\
Americans Take Gold, Silver In Men's Freestyle Halfpipe David Wise retained his ski halfpipe Olympic gold medal, while Alex Ferreira took silver.
2 Horrifying Crashes Mar Men\u2019s Ski Halfpipe Event Kevin Rolland of France and Torin Yater-Wallace of the U.S. crashed into the lip of the halfpipe, derailing their medal hopes.
Chloe Kim Poses With Her Adorable Dog On The Cover Of Sports Illustrated Just perfect.
Canadian Skier Suffers Possible Broken Pelvis In Olympic Horror Crash Christopher Delbosco received lengthy medical treatment on the course, before being taken to hospital.
Miami Heat To Wear Patches In Honor Of Parkland Shooting Victims The team plans to wear the patch all year to commemorate the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
U.S. Wins Gold In Cross-Country Skiing For First Time In Decades \u201cIt feels unreal, I can\u2019t believe it just happened,\u201d Jessica Diggins said.
Lindsey Vonn Wins Bronze In What's Likely Her Last Olympic Downhill Race \I have no regrets; I\u2019m really happy,\ she said.
U.S. Men's Olympic Hockey Team Ends Olympic Run With Loss To Czechs The Czech team will now advance to the semi-finals.
Even Wild Animals Are Hooked On The Winter Olympics \He's actually waiting on the curling finals.\
Kirstie Alley Gets Ice Cold Clapback From Olympic Curlers Over 'Boring' Jibe \Kirstie Alley just became a burned stone here.\
Winter Olympics For Rescue Kittens And Puppies Will Melt The Coldest Of Hearts Introducing... the kitten bobsled.
Russian Skater Alina Zagitova Breaks World Record Set Minutes Earlier By Teammate She scored the highest score ever for a short program in women\u2019s singles figure skating.
Team USA's 'Crotch Patch' Speed Skating Uniforms Get Ribbed Online The suit maker says there's science behind the design.
Report Alleges Rampant Sexual Misconduct At Dallas Mavericks \u201cIt was a real life Animal House,\u201d one former employee said.
The Norwegian Curling Team Should Win Gold For Their Pants Pantastic!
U.S. Ice Dancing Team Breaks Down After 'Heartbreaking' Mistake \It's just kind of a given that you don\u2019t fall,\ NBC's Terry Gannon says.
The Meldonium Ban Is More About Russia's Reputation For Doping Than Performance Some drugs aren\u2019t banned because they enhance performance \u2014 but if certain athletes are using them, they\u2019re suspect.
Leslie Jones And Adam Rippon Commentating On Figure Skating Is An Olympic Dream \Every outfit she has put on, I want to wear to the club.\
German Team Doctor Recommends Olympians Drink A Beer After Competing The country currently has 10 gold medals, the second-most of any nation.
Slovenian Ice Hockey Player Fails Doping Test, Has To Leave Olympics It's the third proven instance of doping so far at this year's Games.
Canada's Ice Hockey Team Crushes OAR To Set Up U.S. Showdown At Winter Olympics Since 1998, U.S. and Canada have met on every final except at the 2006 Turin Olympics.
Lindsey Vonn Tweets Fierce War Cry For 'Likely' Last Olympic Downhill Race \Count on it.\
University Of Louisville Forced To Vacate Championship After Sex Scandal The punishment stems from a basketball team staffer paying prostitutes to have sex with players and recruits.
U.S. 'Shib Sibs' Win Olympic Bronze And Everybody's Hearts The sibling figure skaters' performance set the internet ablaze.
Nigeria And Jamaica Just Made Winter Olympics History Bobsledders for both countries blazed a trail at Pyeongchang in 2018.
South Korea's Women Curlers Have Nicknames Like Pancake, Steak And Yogurt And now we want breakfast.
French Ice Dance Duo Overcome \u2018Nightmare\u2019 Wardrobe Malfunction To Win Silver Medal Making their Olympic debut, Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron also clinched the highest-ever free dance score.
Canadian Ice Dancers Make History, Winning Gold In Pyeongchang Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir now have more Olympic medals than any other figure skaters, ever.
Swiss Skier Joel Gisler Plunges 15 Feet In Brutal Crash During Olympic Halfpipe Ouch!
U.S. Women\u2019s Ice Hockey Team Crushes Finland, Heads To Olympic Finals This is the third Winter Olympics in a row that the U.S. women's ice hockey team has made it to the finals.
A Super Dangerous Snowboarding Event Just Debuted At The Winter Olympics Big jumps, incredible skill, high-flying acrobatics and ever-present danger.
LeBron James Wears Sneakers With Pointed Message To All-Star Game The Cleveland Cavaliers star's shoes had the words \More Than An Athlete\ emblazoned on them.
Russian Curling Athlete Suspected Of Doping Leaves Winter Olympics Alexander Krushelnitsky, who won bronze in mixed-doubles curling, reportedly failed a doping test.
French Skier Booted From Olympics After Angry Remarks About Teammates Mathieu Faivre, who is dating American Olympian Mikaela Shiffrin, said he's \u201chere to race for myself only.\u201d
Ice Dancers Tessa Virtue And Scott Moir Break Their Own World Record Canada's sensuous pair are in first place at the 2018 Olympics.
Adam Rippon Turns Down NBC Contributor Gig The athlete said he was clearing up some news during an interview Monday morning.
Top Alpine Skiers Shun Team Event At 2018 Olympics A scheduling issue has many athletes backing out of competition.
This Olympic Skier Isn\u2019t Very Good, But She\u2019s Living Her Best Life What Elizabeth Swaney is good at is gaming the system.
U.S. Women To Face Archrival Canada For Hockey Olympic Gold Their face off will be broadcast Wednesday night.
Germany And Canada Tie For Gold In Two-Man Bobsled Race It's the first gold-medal tie in the event since 1998.
New MLB Rules Aim To Speed Baseball Games In 2018 There's now a limit on visiting the pitcher's mound.
Fergie's National Anthem Attempt Slammed As The 'Worst Rendition Ever' She attempted to put a jazz spin on \The Star-Spangled Banner.\
Explosive Report Says USA Swimming Covered Up Hundreds Of Sexual Abuse Cases The report paints a picture reminiscent of the USA Gymnastics sexual abuse scandal.
Adam Rippon Will Now Bring His Witchcraft To NBC's Olympics Coverage He's sure to have two famous viewers in Britney Spears and Reese Witherspoon.
French Biathlete Clinches Gold In One Nail-Biter Of A Finish Martin Fourcade and Simon Schempp recorded the same time but only one left with the top medal.
Mystery Solved Ties at the Olympics aren\u2019t as rare as you might think
Nick Goepper Scoops Slopestyle Silver, Plans To Savor Second Olympic Success Goepper admits he struggled to deal with the media attention following his bronze medal at Sochi 2014.
Olympic Skier Ted Ligety\u2019s Son 'Could Give 2 S***s That Daddy Sucked At Work' \He is the bright spot on the day.\
Russian Medallist At Winter Olympics Suspected Of Doping Violation It's a potential major blow to Russia\u2019s efforts to emerge from a drug-cheating scandal.
Olympic Analyst Laments Hockey Player's 'Unfortunate' Domestic Abuse Incident \This guy was a special player, and an unfortunate incident left the Los Angeles Kings without a great defenseman.\u201d
LeBron Doubles Down, Says He 'Will Not Just Shut Up And Dribble' The Cleveland Cavaliers star said he will \u201ctalk about what\u2019s really important\u201d when it comes to the state of race relations in America.
Every Curling Stone Ever Used In The Olympics Has Come From One Tiny Island \Paddy's milestone\ has provided the stones for every single competition at the Olympic Winter Games.
John-Henry Krueger Ends Drought For U.S. Speedskaters At Winter Olympics \It's the ultimate redemption,\ he said.
U.S. Figure Skater Nathan Chen Redeems Himself With Record-Setting Skate Chen's free skate performance was an epic comeback after a disastrous week.
South Korea Touts Idea Of Co-Hosting 2021 Asian Winter Games With The North The two countries are still technically at war.
Maame Biney's Pioneering Run At The Winter Olympics Is Over The first black woman to make a U.S. Olympic speedskating team was eliminated in a 1,500-meter short-track heat.
U.S. Hockey Team Can't Even Score A Goal Against Russians At Winter Olympics The 4-0 loss forces the American men into an elimination game before the quarterfinals.
Olympic Figure Skater Cosplays Jaime Lannister For 'Game Of Thrones' Routine \We need to give him every medal.\
Czech Ester Ledecka Stuns With Super-G Gold Medal Win American Lindsey Vonn missed the podium with a slip and near crash.
Winnie The Pooh Is Trending On Twitter For The Cutest Olympic Reason Awww!
Leslie Jones Is The Figure Skating Fashion Critic Everyone Needs The \SNL\ comedian stepped up her Twitter game upon arrival at the Winter Olympics.
Lindsey Vonn Has A Message For Her Trump-Supporting Twitter Trolls \Not everyone has to like me but my family loves me and I sleep well at night.\
U.S. Figure Skater Nathan Chen Is A Total Mess Again At Winter Olympics \I'm upset, obviously,\ he said after bombing in the men's short program.
Norovirus Spreads To Athletes At Winter Olympics The Swiss team confirmed two confirmed cases among its skiers.
Tongan Skiier Pita Taufatofua Makes Olympic Debut His performance wasn't great, but then again he only recently learned to ski.
Report The soundtrack to the three federal basketball corruption cases is essentially a ticking time bomb, which will inevitably explode.
Sexual Assault Clinics Offered At Winter Olympics For The First Time They're a safe space for spectators and the workforce to report misconduct and receive counseling.
16 Skeleton Helmets From The Winter Olympics That Are Pure Fire On Ice Including \Iron Man.\
Austrian Snowboarder Markus Schairer Breaks Neck After Terrifying Crash Video shows the athlete landing flat on his back after a jump.
Lindsey Jacobellis Suffers Winter Olympics Heartbreak -- Again This was the snowboarder's fourth time competing and third time going home without a medal.
Mikaela Shiffrin Misses Slalom Podium After \u2018Virus-Kind Of Puking\u2019 Before Run The athlete was expected to win gold in her best event but ended up in fourth place.
Team USA's Youngest Skater Just Landed The First Quad Lutz In Olympics History Vincent Zhou makes history.
Spanish Commentator Absolutely Loses It Over Country's First Olympic Medal Spain's first medal since 1992 sparked an entertaining reaction.
'I Can't Explain Witchcraft' \u201cYou\u2019re 28 years old, skating the best you ever have in your life. How do you explain that to people?\u201d
Red Stripe Buys Jamaican Team A New Bobsled After Coach Quits The team's coach reportedly threatened to take the current sled with her.
Olympics Commentator Explains 'They All Look The Same' Remark About Chinese Skiers Australian Olympian-turned-analyst Jacqui Cooper insists she was talking about Chinese athletes' similar technical styles.
Mexican Cross-Country Skier Finishes Last, Gets Tearjerking Hero's Welcome This is the Olympic spirit, right here.
Jimmy Kimmel's Own Winter Olympics Produce Another Gold Medal Moment \I think they're even better than the expensive Olympics,\ the host said.
Donovan Mitchell Uses Footwear To Send Powerful Message About Gun Violence The Utah Jazz star said \there\u2019s a lot of so-called awareness of it, but there\u2019s nothing being done.\
Shaun White Called Out By Accuser's Lawyer For Minimizing Sexual Harassment \Hopefully, before our country declares someone 'the best of the U.S.,' there will be investigation and due diligence.\
Mikaela Shiffrin Wins Gold In Women's Giant Slalom It was her second gold medal ever after her 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics win.
U.S. And Canada Fight To Finish And Beyond In Winter Olympics Hockey \The intensity is there every single shift,\ U.S. forward Amanda Kessel said after her team's 2-1 loss.
Snow Volleyball In The Olympics? Pyeongchang Exhibition Plants The Seed The sport was held as an Olympic demonstration event on Valentine's Day.
Bode Miller Makes Dumb Comment About Marriage Slowing Olympic Skier The Olympian-turned-NBC analyst later apologized for the \joke.\
U.S. Figure Skaters Dedicate Olympic Routine To Florida Shooting Victims Alexa Scimeca-Knierim and Chris Knierim pay tribute to the 17 killed at a high school.
Tongan Flag Bearer Sets Himself Inspirationally Low Bar For Olympic Success \u201cThe first step, finish before they turn the lights off.\
Radio Host Loses Gig After Calling Chloe Kim 'Little Hot Piece Of Ass' Patrick Connor acknowledged his comments on the Barstool Sports show were \lame and gross.\ Yeah.
Popular Skating Duo Pulls Off Historic Move At Winter Olympics Canadians Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford took a big risk and it paid off.
Jamaica's Olympic Bobsleigh Coach Quits, Reportedly Threatens To Take Sled The sled threat may jeopardize the island's first Olympic female bobsledders' shot at competing in Pyeongchang.
Here's How The Married American Figure Skaters Celebrated Valentine's Day In Pyeongchang The skating duo married in 2016.
Shaun White Makes History With Gold Medal Win In Halfpipe He became the first person to win three gold medals in Olympic snowboarding competitions.
Olympic Skier\u00a0Gus Kenworthy Has A \u2018Game Of Thrones\u2019 Doppelg\u00e4nger \I'm just saying we've never seen you at the same place at the same time.\
Olympians Shut Down Local Fox Anchor Who Said Figure Skating Is 'Not A Sport' Gracie Gold, Vincent Zhou, Chris Knierim and Jeffrey Buttle all waded in.
Shaun White Dismisses Sexual Harassment Allegations As 'Gossip' He later admitted that \it was a poor choice of words.\
Guess What Happened When Lindsey Vonn Tweeted She Had No Valentine One potential beau said being \friendzoned\ by the Olympian would look perfect on his resume.
16-Year-Old Snowboarding Sensation Suffers Sickening Crash In Halfpipe Final Japan's Yuto Totsuka had to be taken down the pipe in a stretcher.
South Korea To Pay Record $2.64M For North Korea's Olympic Visit The gesture is in hopes of lowering tensions between the two countries.
Barstool Sports Host Makes Tasteless Comment About Underage Olympian Chloe Kim Chloe Kim has emerged as the best story from the PyeongChang Olympics thus far. Everyone\u00a0wants to talk about her victory
Baby Watching Her Olympian Dad Compete On TV Will Give You Gold Medal Feels She's got her cute mojo working for Canada's Winter Olympics curling team.
Michael Phelps And Wife Nicole Welcome Second Son, Beckett Now the family's big enough for a relay team.
Tara Lipinski And Johnny Weir Have The Cutest Olympics Pre-Show Ritual Copy it if you can.
Kim Jong Un Look-Alike Gets Booted From Olympics, Says Face Is 'Too Political' \I was born with this face, I\u2019ve got to live with it.\
Japanese Short Track Skater Disqualified After Failing Doping Test Doping cases are rare among Japanese athletes and this is the first for the country at a Winter Olympics.
Statue Of Liberty Hockey Masks May Be Too 'Political' For Winter Olympics Goalies on the U.S. women's ice hockey team may need to ditch the masks because of IOC guidelines.
Former MLB All-Star Esteban Loaiza Nabbed In $500,000 Cocaine Bust Police said they found 44 pounds of suspected cocaine in the retired pitcher's rented California home.
Pity The Fools Who Don't Love Mr. T's Inspirational Olympics Tweets \You heard me, curling Fool!\
Video Expertly Sums Up Why Triple Axel Figure Skating Jump Is So Huge \u201cThe triple axel is a physics problem.\
Shaun White Is Damn Near Perfect In His Winter Olympics Comeback The two-time gold medalist notched a spectacular score in halfpipe and is on his way to the final.
A Young Adam Rippon Dreams Of Olympic Glory In Adorable Throwback Video \u201cAll the little things that your coach tells you, you always have to remember them.\
Chloe Kim Said She Was 'Hangry' Before Her Gold Medal Victory Run The 17-year-old snowboarder tweeted mid-competition about her unfinished breakfast sandwich.
Chloe Kim Takes Gold For U.S. In Women's Snowboard Halfpipe The 17-year-old wins with a near-perfect 98.25 score.
Maame Biney Is Now Down To Her Last Shot In The Winter Olympics The first black woman on U.S. Olympic short-track team knocked out of 500-meter event.
Olympic Ski Champion's Epic Wipeout Makes The Media Eat Snow Too Austrian Matthias Mayer wasn't the only one who went flying.
Olympic Skier Fabian Bosch Catches Sweet Hang Time In Viral Escalator Stunt Give him gold, already!
Adam Rippon And Mirai Nagasu's Matching Tattoos Are Our Ultimate BFF Goal Adam Rippon and Mirai Nagasu share a special bond. It\u2019s about more than just being Olympians. It\u2019s about more than their
Chloe Kim\u2019s Dad Celebrates The \u2018American Dream\u2019 After 17-Year-Old\u2019s Gold Medal Win Kim Jong-jin quit his job a decade ago to support his daughter\u2019s budding snowboarding career.
U.S. Luger Emily Sweeney Wipes Out In Dramatic Olympics Crash The athlete was reportedly taken to a hospital for evaluation.
Tongan Flag-Bearer Is Worried Sick At Winter Olympics Pita Taufatofua hasn't heard from his family after a tropical cyclone smashed his homeland.
Ban The United States From The Olympics The U.S. Olympic Committee enabled systemic sexual abuse in order to win medals. By what moral logic is that not worse than Russia's crimes?
Olympic Snowboarder Protests Meek Mill's Imprisonment In Unusual Way Tit Stante got the message out during the men's halfpipe.
Figure Skater Mirai Nagasu Becomes First U.S. Woman To Land Triple Axel At Olympics Nailed it!
Russian Rival Offered To Lend Luge To Struggling U.S. Silver Medalist \I guess this goes against every U.S.-Russian stereotype ever,\ Chris Mazdzer said.
Mirai Nagasu Inspired By Michelle Kwan, Also A Child Of Asian Restaurant Family They both know what it's like growing up with immigrant parents seeking the American Dream.
Jamie Anderson Of U.S. Wins Gold Medal Again In Winter Olympics Slopestyle The wind proved to be the toughest competition.
Olympics Officials Confirm Opening Ceremony Hit By Cyberattack Russia denied responsibility days before the games began.
Team USA Wows With Historic Performances, Wins Bronze In Figure Skating Team Event Canada captured the gold medal and the Olympic Athletes from Russia team clinched the silver.
NBC Commentator Whose Insensitive Japan Comments Sparked Furor Is Done Covering Olympics Joshua Ramo infuriated Koreans and others with comments about Japan and Korea's history that viewers said glossed over the two nations' troubled past.
The Best Comeback Story At Westminster Dog Show Sadly Ends On Day One Fanucci the German shepherd recovered from a shattered leg.
Judges Slammed For Ranking Adam Rippon Third Place Despite Flawless Performance \Oh no.\
Adam Rippon Says He Wanted 'Xanax And A Quick Drink' On The Ice The U.S. figure skater joked about defeating nerves after his impressive Winter Olympics debut.
Adam Rippon Just Wanted To Make Reese Witherspoon Proud\u2026 And He Did The Olympic figure skater and the \u201cBig Little Lies\u201d actress are fans of each other\u2019s work.
Michelle Kwan Tweets Video Proving She's Still A Beast On The Ice She looks as graceful as ever.
All The Funny Faces You Need To See From The Olympics' Figure Skating Events These looks deserve their own medals.
Olympic Snowboarding Coach Keeps Calm During Competition In Most Low Key Way \Someone please find out what this man is making!!!\
U.S. Women's Hockey Team Survives A Scare At Winter Olympics The Americans had their hands full with Finland in their opener.
Russian Athlete Dedicates Olympic Medal To \u2018Unfairly\u2019 Banned Compatriots Speed skater Semen Elistratov is reportedly under investigation by the IOC for his comments.
Canadian Snowboarder Wins Olympic Bronze, 11 Months After Near-Fatal Crash \u201cIt feels pretty special to stand on this podium again after everything,\ said Mark McMorris.
17-Year-Old Snowboarder Wins United States\u2019 First Gold Medal In Pyeongchang \u201cI haven\u2019t had time for it to sink in yet,\ Redmond Gerard said following his victory.
An American Man Actually Won A Luge Medal At The Olympics In a first for U.S. men, Chris Mazdzer takes home silver.
Olympic Speed Skating Photo Finish Is Almost Too Close To Call Just 0.002 of a second separated the rivals.
U.S. Figure Skater Adam Rippon Unimpressed By 'Generic' Olympic Condoms More condoms will be distributed at the Pyeongchang Games than at any previous Winter Olympics.
U.S. 'Shib Sibs' Win Over The World In 2018 Winter Olympics Debut Brother and sister Alex and Maia Shibutani took second in the team event short dance.
Olympics Figure Skater Yura Min Overcomes Wardrobe Malfunction With Calm And Class Min, skating for South Korea, completed her short dance routine on Sunday despite a precarious outfit situation.
First Black Woman On U.S. Olympic Speedskating Team Advances In Games Debut Maame Biney, just 18, brilliantly held off a charging opponent in her first race.
Reigning Gold Medalist Drops Out Of Winter Olympics After Brain Injury Sochi halfpipe champ Iouri Podladtchikov crashed during a recent X Games event.
And The First Gold Medal Of The Winter Olympics Goes To ... Skiathlon victor took silver at the previous Games.
Johnny Weir Says He's A Commentator, Not A 'Complimentator' NBC's Olympic figure skating analyst explained his unvarnished talk about the competitors.
Court Denies Final Attempt By Russian Athletes To Compete In Winter Olympics The Russians had appealed their exclusion from the games over the doping scandal from the 2014 Sochi Games.
South Korean President Shakes Hands With North Korean Leaders During Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony It was a historic moment for the two warring nations.
Read Live Updates On The 2018 Olympic Opening Ceremony Let the games begin.
Here's Maybe The Definitive Way To Pronounce 'Pyeongchang' Now that the 2018 Winter Olympics have started, it's time you learned.
Olympic Skier Lindsey Vonn Gives Tearful Interview About Late Grandfather \I\u2019m gonna win for him.\u201d
This Winter Olympics Walkie-Talkie Save Is Comedy Gold You're safe now, lil' gadget.
U.S. Bobsled Team Pays Tribute To Late Gold Medalist Steven Holcomb \u201cWe\u2019re all suffering together and the best way to honor Holcomb\u2019s legacy is to carry it on.\
The 2018 Winter Olympics In Pyeongchang, By The Numbers This year's games are bigger than ever.
This Ex-NFL Player Is On A Mission To Become A Chess Master Having mastered football and math, John Urschel has his sights on chess.
Shirtless Tonga Olympian Pita Taufatofua Wins Olympic Opening Ceremony Again The Winter Games warmed up real quick!
Mother Of Pittsburgh Pirates Catcher Elias Diaz Kidnapped In Venezuela Details about Ana Soto's disappearance have not been released but the Pirates issued a statement confirming she was in danger.
Speed Skater Shani Davis He lost out to luge veteran Erin Hamlin in a coin toss.
The Most Dazzling Moments From The 2018 Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony The 2018 Winter Games are officially open.
U.S. Men's Olympic Hockey Team Includes First Black Player In 98-Year History \u201cI just think I\u2019m another kid going to play in the Olympics.\
Athletes To Watch At The 2018 Winter Olympics In Pyeongchang A lot of them are women.
South Korea's Olympic Stadium Will Host Just 4 Events Before It's Torn Down That's funny because the Pyeongchang Games were meant to be the financially prudent ones.
Johnny Weir, Tara Lipinski Throw Enough Olympic Shade To Keep The Ice Frozen ...and people are loving every snide minute of it.
The Day The NBA Wrapped Itself Around LeBron\u2019s Finger An inarguably way-too-in-depth diary of a bonkers NBA trade deadline.
15,000 Eggs Delivered To Norwegian Olympic Team After Google Translate Error Oops.
Olympic Curler Matt Hamilton Has A Super Doppelg\u00e4nger Wahoo!
Brother And Sister Curling Team Hope To Sweep Their Way To Olympic Gold Matt and Becca Hamilton say curling is a mix of shuffleboard, chess, bowling and Swiffering your floor.
Kevin Durant Slam-Dunking In Super Slow Motion Is A Thing Of Real Beauty It's as if the Golden State Warriors star is walking on air.
Former U.S. Olympic Coach Under Criminal Investigation Amid Larry Nassar Scandal John Geddert has been accused by multiple Nassar victims of being physically and verbally abusive to his athletes.
Steelers Linebacker Hurt In Head-On Tackle Stands For Pittsburgh Crowd Ryan Shazier, who couldn't move his legs after a severe spinal injury in December, saluted fans at a Penguins game.
Rob Gronkowski's House Burglarized While Patriots Were At Super Bowl \Multiple safes and possible guns taken.\
Norovirus Outbreak At Winter Olympics Prompts Military Response Troops will replace hundreds of civilian security guards until they're determined to be \well.\
Philadelphia Schools To Close So Kids Can 'Witness History' At Super Bowl Parade School officials called it \a once in a lifetime event.\
Indianapolis Colts' Edwin Jackson Killed By Suspected Drunk Driver Jackson and his Uber driver were struck on the side of an interstate highway in Indiana.
'Philly Special,' And How Doug Pederson Out-Coached Bill Belichick In The Super Bowl Pederson put his foot on the gas when the season started and never let up.
The Rise Of Nick Foles Foles outdueled Tom Brady in one of the wildest Super Bowls ever.
My Cartoon Diary Of The Super Bowl Football, commercials, Timberlake and Proust.
Rob Gronkowski Doesn't Flinch At Mention of 'Retirement' \I'm definitely going to look at my future, for sure.\
Behind The Black Curtain With Tom Brady After one of the toughest losses of his career, the Patriots' Tom Brady stepped behind a black curtain and dropped down as his wife and kids closed around him.
Philadelphia Eagles Beat New England Patriots For First Super Bowl Win In the wildest shootout in Super Bowl history, Nick Foles outdueled Tom Brady to defeat the New England Patriots, 41-33.
Patriots QB Tom Brady After Super Bowl Loss New England Patriots\u2019 40-year-old quarterback is not ready to retire.
This Kid Looking At His Phone Is The Super Bowl's Best Meme We've all been there.
South Korea Reportedly Bans 36,000 Foreigners From Attending The Olympics Security is going to be tough at the Winter Games this year.
Wild Scene In Philadelphia After Eagles Win Super Bowl Three people were arrested during the rowdy celebrations.
Several Eagles Players Already Planning To Skip White House\u00a0Visit At least three players say they won't go, if invited.
Gisele B\u00fcndchen Has A Word With Eagles Players After Super Bowl The supermodel wife of Patriots quarterback Tom Brady encountered victorious Philadelphia players in a stadium hallway.
Here Are 10 Photos Of Tom Brady Dropping A Pass During The Super Bowl Go Pats.
Larry Nassar Sentenced To 40 To 125 Years On 3 Additional Child Sexual Abuse Charges He's already been sentenced to 40 to 175 years on other abuse charges.
After An NFL Season Defined By Black Protest, The Super Bowl Sticks To Sports Agitation is taking a knee, and the league couldn't be happier.
TODAY The New England Patriots will take on the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII.
Super Bowl LII Watch along with us!
Flight Attendant Told Eagles Fans To 'Tone It Down' -- They Didn't These fans are flying high.
All The Amusing #WinterOlympicsTV Shows You Need For Pyeongchang 2018 \Stranger Rinks,\ anyone?
Nassar Reportedly Abused Over 2 Dozen Girls And Women During Sluggish FBI Investigation The now-convicted doctor Larry Nassar continued to practice for over a year after serious accusations arose.
These Pups Rescued From Puerto Rico Are Part Of This Year's Puppy Bowl The two dogs are among those flown off the island in the wake of Hurricane Maria.
Outside Law Firm To Probe U.S. Olympics And Gymnastics Officials Over Larry Nassar Scandal Independent investigators are scrutinizing the institutions that survivors and their families say knew about his abuse but tried to cover it up.
Olympic Doping Bans On 28 Russian Athletes Overturned By Sport's Highest Tribunal Their results from the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi were also reinstated.
Isaiah Canaan's Ankle Injury Is So Horrible, Fellow Players Can't Look Isaiah Canaan suffered a season-ending fracture that will linger in your head for a while.
Former USA Gymnastics Doctor Larry Nassar Has 'Over 265 Identified Victims' Nassar's sentencing hearing for additional charges of child sexual abuse began Wednesday.
Tom Brady Has This Wish For Radio Host Who Insulted His 5-Year-Old Daughter The Patriots quarterback addressed the situation at a Super Bowl press conference.
Aly Raisman Thinks 175 Years For Larry Nassar Is \u2018Not Enough\u2019 The Olympic gymnast said she hopes the serial predator's prison sentence sets an \example to all the other abusers out there that their time is up.\
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott Orders Investigation Into Karolyi Ranch Allegations Dozens of women have accused former USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar of sexual assault, many while at the Texas training center.
'Every Corner' Of MSU Will Be Investigated Following Larry Nassar Sentencing \u201cNo individual and no department... is off-limits,\u201d Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said.
Viewers Rip Brett Young For National Anthem At NHL All-Star Game The country star got the cold shoulder for his downbeat rendition.
Cleveland Indians To Abandon Racist Chief Wahoo Logo Next Year The ban includes only on-field displays of the logo.
Watch A High School Freshman Sink An Incredible 80-Foot Buzzer-Beater WOW!
Tom Brady Cuts Off Interview After Host Calls Daughter An 'Annoying Pissant' WEEI's Alex Reimer was suspended indefinitely, the station said.
Weeping Federer Hails Emotional 20th Grand Slam Title The show of emotion triggered a standing ovation in the terraces.
MSU Students Wear Teal To Show Support For Survivors Of Larry Nassar's Abuse The color of Sexual Assault Awareness Month flooded MSU's Breslin Center at Friday's basketball game.
Aly Raisman To Olympic Committee The Olympic gymnast wants every staff member who knew of Larry Nassar's history of abuse to be forced out of the organization.
MSU Coaches Izzo And Dantonio Say They Won't Resign Amid New Sex Abuse Report A bombshell ESPN article raises questions about how the two men responded to sexual assault complaints involving their teams.
Olympic Committee Gives USA Gymnastics An Ultimatum Over Sex Abuse Scandal If the board's 21 directors don't resign by Wednesday, the organization will lose its certification.
Entire USA Gymnastics Board Resigns Amid Larry Nassar Fallout The U.S. Olympic Committee demanded the resignations and several other reforms in order for the body to not lose its national certification.
Charles Barkley, Lakers Fan Trade Jabs About Weight, Ends In Tie Score And it looks like nobody got hurt.
Simone Biles, Aly Raisman And Jordyn Wieber React To Larry Nassar Sentencing All three Olympic gymnasts say they were molested by the former USA Gymnastics team doctor.
Eagles Player Fletcher Cox Claims He's Never Watched The Super Bowl \I don't watch sports.\
Someone Just Bet A Ridiculous Amount On The Eagles In Super Bowl One of the biggest Las Vegas sports bets in recent history is riding on Philadelphia's underdog team.
Trustee Defends MSU President, Dismissing Sex Abuse Reports As \u2018Nassar Thing\u2019 \There\u2019s so many more things going on at the university than just this Nassar thing,\ he said.
NCAA Will Investigate Michigan State University Over Larry Nassar Nassar's sentencing hearing is expected to end later this week.
U.S. Olympic Committee Issues Open Apology To Larry Nassar's Victims \We are sorry for the pain caused by this terrible man, and sorry that you weren\u2019t afforded a safe opportunity to pursue your sports dreams.\
New Video Shows Just How Nasty Eagles Fans Can Be As Super Bowl Nears What a foul-mouthed flock.
Larry Nassar Sentenced To 40 To 175 Years In Prison For Child Sexual Abuse \I've just signed your death warrant,\ Judge Rosemarie Aquilina said to the former USA Gymnastics doctor.
CNN's Jake Tapper Calls Patriots A 'Cheating Team' \The facts speak for themselves.\
USA Gymnastics Suspends Former Olympic Coach Who Worked Closely With Nassar (UPDATE) John Geddert operated two gyms where Nassar molested girls.
Teen Says MSU Is Still Billing Her Family For Appointments Where Nassar Assaulted Her A representative from the school said Larry Nassar's victims will not be billed.
Football Fans Lose Faith In Humanity As Patriots Head To Another Super Bowl \Ugh, I'd rather eat a tide pod than watch another Patriots Superbowl.\
Hunky Tongan Flag-Bearer From Rio Qualifies For Winter Olympics Pyeongchang may soon be heating up.
3 USA Gymnastics Directors Resign In Larry Nassar Sex Abuse Scandal Many victims of the former team doctor blame USA Gymnastics for failing to stop the serial predator.
Philadelphia Using Grease To Keep Eagles Fans From Climbing Street Lamps The city workers are calling themselves the \Crisco Cops.\
USA Hockey General Manager Jim Johannson Dies Unexpectedly At 53 He died in his sleep early Sunday morning at his home in Colorado.
14 Michigan State Reps Reportedly Heard About Abuser Larry Nassar And Did Nothing Eight young women say they told MSU about the doctor over the course of two decades.
USA Gymnastics Cuts Ties With Training Center Where Athletes Say Nassar Abused Them Karolyi Ranch in Texas served as the USA Gymnastics national team training center for years.
Washington State Quarterback Tyler Hilinski Found Dead In Apparent Suicide Hilinski was widely expected to be the starter heading into the 2018 season.
Former Gymnastics Coach Tells Larry Nassar To 'Go To Hell' During Sentencing Thomas Brennan sent more than 100 girls to Nassar for treatment over the years.
Patriots' James Harrison Shows Off Customized AK-47 On Instagram The gun-loving linebacker's picture triggers criticism.
USA Gymnastics Won't Seek To Punish McKayla Maroney For Speaking About Nassar Abuse The organization says it won't enforce a confidentiality agreement if the gymnast speaks against the disgraced team doctor.
Simone Biles, 5-Time Olympic Medalist, Says Larry Nassar Sexually Abused Her, Too \u201cWe need to make sure something like this never happens again.\u201d
Vikings Pulled Off A Last-Second Win Over Saints, And Fans Went Ballistic \Unbelievable!\
Hall Of Fame Umpire Doug Harvey Dead At 87 Harvey was one of only 10 umpires enshrined in the baseball Hall of Fame.
140 Women Have Accused Larry Nassar Of Abuse. His Victims Think We Don't Care. Days before the former USA Gymnastics doctor is sentenced, these survivors are still trying to get the public to listen.
Aly Raisman Says USA Gymnastics Is '100 Percent Responsible' For Nassar Abuse \Enablers need to be held accountable.\
MLB Sports Agent Accused Of Filming His Clients In The Shower Jason Wood allegedly recorded these baseball players without their knowledge.
Terrell Davis Talks CTE, Anthem Protests And Getting Stuck On A Deserted Island The Hall of Famer covered the field in a chat with HuffPost.
Top-Tier Gymnast Maggie Nichols Says Larry Nassar Sexually Abused Her, Too Nichols wrote in a statement that she was the first to alert USA Gymnastics of Nassar's abuse in 2015.
Alabama Player Kyriq McDonald Collapses On The Sideline Of Title Game The freshman fell near the end of the third quarter as Alabama was trying to mount a comeback from a 13-0 halftime deficit.
Alabama Rallies To Win Fifth NCAA Football Title In 9 Years The Crimson Tide defeated the Georgia Bulldogs, 26-23, in overtime.
Alabama Player Proposes After Game Because A National Title Isn't Enough How much winning can a guy do in one night?
Photographer Gets Absolutely Flattened On The Final Play Of The Game He took one for the team.
Marcus Mariota Throws Insane Touchdown Pass To Marcus Mariota That's not a typo, folks.
ESPN Thinks This Could Be The End For Bill Belichick And The Patriots A bizarre tale of power struggles and alternative medicine.
Serena Williams' Top Home Videos With Her Baby Are All Winners That's one cute 2017 highlight reel.
Cleveland Browns Just Made NFL History For An Unfortunate Reason Welp, you can't win them all (or any of them, as it turns out).
NBA Player Avery Bradley Paid Accuser To Stay Quiet About Sexual Assault Allegation The incident reportedly took place in Cleveland during the Eastern Conference Finals.
Hey Conservatives, What Happened To 'Respecting The Military'? Peacefully protesting does NOT \disrespect the military,\ but passing a tax bill that guts veteran aid DOES.
Watch LeBron James Get Candy For His Daughter During His Game Because a father's work is never done.
Legendary Sportscaster Dick Enberg Dead At 82 He called some of the biggest sporting events, including 10 Super Bowls, 28 Wimbledons and eight NCAA men's basketball title games.
Venus Williams Will Not Face Criminal Charges For Fatal Car Crash In Florida Jerome Barson, 78, who was a passenger in a sedan that collided with the SUV Williams was driving, died 13 days after the June 9 accident.
Larry Nassar Was Allowed To See Patients During Sexual Assault Investigation Michigan State University didn't suspend the the former USA Gymnastics doctor, and at least a dozen women say he sexually assaulted them while the probe was underway.
McKayla Maroney Signed Confidentiality Agreement With USA Gymnastics About Alleged Sexual Abuse Maroney's lawyer says USA Gymnastics broke the law by asking her to agree to the settlement.
Panthers Owner Puts Team Up For Sale As NFL Probes Sex Harassment Claims Jerry Richardson is accused of sexually suggestive and racist comments.
Serena Williams Desperately Seeks Advice For Her Teething Baby \It's breaking my heart,\ the tennis champ said of her daughter Alexis Olympia's discomfort.
Steelers Fans Lose It After NFL Reverses Call On Touchdown Catch \The NFL is so rigged,\ one fan wrote.
Native American Activists Create Spoof Website To Call For Redskins Name Change \It\u2019s about a racist name that a racist person doesn\u2019t want to change,\ one of the activists behind the site said.
Marshall Faulk, 2 Others Suspended By NFL Network For Alleged Sexual Misconduct Also accused in a lawsuit are ex-NFL players including Donovan McNabb and Warren Sapp. McNabb's current employer, ESPN, has suspended him.
Oscar Pistorius Injured In Prison Fight Over A Phone Call Former Olympic sprinter and Paralympian is serving a sentence for the murder of his girlfriend.
Boxer Stephen Smith Nearly Loses Ear. We Nearly Lose Our Lunch. (GRAPHIC) \Hopefully all will heal well.\
Houston Quarterback Appears To Seize After Brutal Hit, Continues Playing Minutes Later Tom Savage was finally pulled from game due to a concussion.
Seahawks Game Turns Ugly As Fans Throw Food At Ejected Player \u201cI\u2019m a human just like anybody else. I\u2019m a man just like the other man in the stands. I\u2019m not going to let somebody disrespect me, throw a beer on me.\u201d
Oh Look, The Bills And Colts Played Outside The Wall In Westeros Field-clearing dragons, please.
Skier Lindsey Vonn Says She Isn't Representing Trump At The 2018 Winter Olympics He's not going to like this.
Famed Quarterback Warren Moon Hit With Sexual Harassment Lawsuit An assistant at Moon's sports marketing agency has accused the former athlete of drugging her.
Nike Just Came Out With Its First Sports Hijab \u201cIt\u2019s a reminder to us Muslim women that we can achieve anything in the world.\
J.J. Watt, Jose Altuve Named Sports Illustrated Sportsperson Of The Year On the field and off, they were winners for a city that needed them.
New York Giants Clean House, Fire Coach Ben McAdoo, GM Jerry Reese The team has just two wins so far this year.
Rob Gronkowski Made An Incredibly Dirty Hit On A Defenseless Buffalo Bill Tre'Davious White is under observation for a possible concussion.
We Now Know The 4 Teams Battling For College Football's National Title As always, debate ensues.
Tiger Solidifies Comeback With Stellar Second Round In Bahamas Woods got off to a fast start and fired a four-under par 68, tying him for fifth place in his first tournament in 10 months.
Bret Boone Jokes About 'Liberal BS' Sexual Harassment The retired All-Star later apologized -- but dude.
New York Giants Bench Eli Manning As Disastrous Season Continues The team announced Tuesday that Geno Smith would replace the star quarterback.
Video Surfaces Of Georgia Tech Football Player Knocking Out Teammate \Discipline was handled internally,\ the school said.
Protests Erupt As University Looks To Hire Coach Connected To Sandusky Abuse Case Greg Schiano has been accused of covering up Jerry Sandusky's child molestation during his time at Penn State.
Tennis Star Andy Murray Mercilessly Mocks Donald Trump Over Time Magazine Claim \This tweet is perfection.\
Ball The detention of LiAngelo Ball and his two UCLA basketball teammates and Trump\u2019s tout of his role in getting them released
FIFA On Trial By James M. Dorsey Testimony of a star witness in a New York courtroom has revealed new allegations of Qatari wrongdoing
NFL Investigating Jameis Winston After Uber Driver Says The Quarterback Groped Her The Tampa Bay player previously faced a civil suit over rape allegations.
Women's Basketball Team Declined Trump's White House Invitation For The Best Reason Burrrrrn \ud83d\udd25
NFL Reporter Levels Troll With Hard-Earned Comeback Score one for Stacey Dales.
UCLA Players Arrested In China Arrive Home After Trump Talks To Xi Jinping They were detained Nov. 7 in Hangzhou on shoplifting charges.
U.S. Goalkeeper's Gaffe Is A Reminder Of Soccer Team's Sucky State Ethan Horvath commits a howler to remember.
'Kaep'tain America He gave up his dream of playing football for the people.
Before Ball There Was Me The first thought I had when news broke about the alleged store thefts in China by UCLA freshman basketball player LiAngelo
LeBron James Rides The New York Subway And Ticks Off A Passenger Aggrieved rider James Michael Angelo later explained his \Can you not?\ public transit moment.
NFL Star Announces His Baby's Death In Devastating Message After Game Marquise Goodwin caught a long touchdown pass in a game hours after his newborn son died.
Hope Solo Says Ex-FIFA President Sepp Blatter Groped Her Blatter says the accusation isn't true.
Aaron Hernandez Had Most Severe CTE Ever Found For Someone His Age, Researchers Say The troubled former New England Patriots player died of an apparent suicide earlier this year.
3 UCLA Basketball Players Arrested In China On Shoplifting Charges One of them is LiAngelo Ball, brother of Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball and son of outspoken sports dad LaVar Ball.
San Antonio Coach Gregg Popovich Won't Discuss Victory After Shooting \It's pretty meaningless,\ he said.
3 Miami Dolphins Players Kneel During Anthem, Reversing Team Policy Head coach Adam Gase previously told players to stand or stay in the tunnel.
Shalane Flanagan Becomes First U.S. Woman To Win NYC Marathon In 40 Years She defeated a Kenyan in the race's women's division.
NFL Pledges Donations To Military Nonprofits In Hashtag Campaign League leadership has spoken out against ongoing kneeling protests during the national anthem.
Houston Astros' Carlos Correa Proposes To Girlfriend On Live TV After World Series Win He'll walk away from the win with not one, but two rings.
Cleveland Browns Reportedly Botch QB Trade Because Somebody Forgot To Call It In They may have been celebrating a little too soon.
Baseball, Politics And Our Data-Driven Life This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. Anyone who follows baseball, whose World Series ends this week, knows that the
Los Angeles Dodgers Rally Against Houston Astros, Force Game 7 Of World Series Who's psyched?
LeBron James As Pennywise The Clown Is Your Halloween Nightmare Come To Life His Cleveland Cavaliers teammates also wowed with their impressive costumes at James' annual Halloween bash.
Houston Astros On The Brink Of World Series Crown After Thrilling, Extra-Innings Win Over Los Angeles Dodgers The Astros, who lead the series 3-2, now have two chances in Los Angeles to win their first World Series since the inception of the franchise 55 years ago.
Fan Grabs World Series Home Run From Another Fan To Throw It Back \u201cI just would have liked to have been able to throw it back myself.\
Would The NFL Owners Really Listen To Kaepernick? What would happen if they did?
Astros Player Suspended For 5 Games For Racist 'Slant-Eye' Gesture Yuli Gurriel apparently made the gesture in reference to Yu Darvish, who was born in Japan.
A Kitten\u2019s Scramble Was The Best Play On Thursday Night Football This tailback must have been chasing a Raven.
Seattle Star Megan Rapinoe Blasts Soccer's World Body As 'Old, Male And Stale' FIFA \doesn't care about female players,\ the World Cup winner says.
'Sunday Night Football' Looked Like A Halloween Horror Movie The long-awaited Super Bowl rematch got weird.
Sports Illustrated Predicted Astros Would Win 2017 World Series Years Ago (UPDATE) The magazine appeared to foresee another key development in series.
Donald Trump's 2012 Yankees Tweet Proves There Really Is A #TweetForEverything Yes, even for Major League Baseball.
Houston Astros Head To World Series The Astros will face the Dodgers when the World Series begins on Tuesday in Los Angeles.
Dodgers Co-Owner Magic Johnson Goes Bonkers Watching Team Romp To World Series \That's what I'm talking about, baby!\
Dodgers Reach World Series For First Time Since 1988 The Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 11-1 to clinch the National League Championship Series.
Roger Goodell Says NFL Wants Everyone To Stand For Anthem, But Won't Force Issue The NFL commissioner said players are \u201cnot doing this to be disrespectful to the flag, but they understand how it\u2019s being interpreted.\
Kaepernick\u2019s 'Loss' With His Collusion Grievance Is Our Gain \The exclusion of a player with [his] credentials is unprecedented in the NFL. \
Gordon Hayward Suffers Horrifying Ankle Injury During Celtics Opener Players and fans winced and looked away.
Skip Bayless's Tweet About Gordon Hayward's Injury Stirs Outrage NBA players and Twitter call out the \heartless clown.\
Al Michaels Makes Harvey Weinstein Joke In NFL Telecast, Regrets It Viewers noticed.
Washington Players Celebrate On The Field With Simulated 'Stop And Frisk' Protest or put-on?
Colin Kaepernick Files Collusion Grievance Against NFL Owners Many analysts have commented that Kaepernick's inability to sign with a team is a clear result of his protests.
German Soccer Team Kneels During Game In Solidarity With NFL Players \u201cFor a tolerant Berlin and an open-minded world, now and forevermore!\u201d
The NFL Will Never Give Up The National Anthem -- Here\u2019s Why The reality is the NFL power brokers have the supreme dominance to enforce their \take it or leave it\ dictate.
Roger Goodell Pens Letter To NFL Teams, Believes 'Everyone Should Stand' The commissioner glosses over why athletes are kneeling in the first place.
NFL Player J.J. Watt Tells Houston He's 'Devastated' After Serious Injury \All I want to do is be out there on that field for my teammates and this city,\ he wrote in an emotional tweet Monday.
CBS Reporter Sparks Uproar By Mistakenly Claiming Kaepernick Wouldn't Kneel Jason La Canfora erroneously reported that Colin Kaepernick would stand for the national anthem if signed to a team.
J.T. Brown Becomes First NHL Player To Protest During National Anthem This Season The Tampa Bay Lightning forward said he raised his fist on Saturday to \show my support\ and \bring a little more awareness.\
New York Knicks Lock Arms During National Anthem After NBA Bans Kneeling The league recently reminded teams about the rule on standing for the anthem.
NFL To Hold Moment Of Silence For Vegas Victims During 'Monday Night Football' ESPN has announced that it will air the national anthem and moment of silence, diverging from the network's previous plans.
Marshawn Lynch Showed Up On Game Day Wearing 'Everybody vs. Trump' Shirt \And with the pants sagging ... extra petty. I'm here for it all,\ Jemele Hill tweeted.
Looks Like O.J. Simpson Will Be A Free Man Very, Very Soon As soon as Sunday, even.
Seahawks Take On Trump's Attacks On NFL By Launching Charity For Equality The Seattle team isn't just using gestures to fight racial inequality. It's using money.
Chicago Bears Linebacker Suspended After Illegal Hit Hospitalizes Player Danny Trevathan has been suspended for two games after his helmet-to-helmet hit Thursday.
Rush Limbaugh Says Anthem Protests Are Leftist Plot To 'Damage' NFL \They don't like displays of patriotism, strength, rugged individualism ...\
Houston Texans Rookie Gives His First Game Check To Harvey Victims The quarterback shows the team's \cafeteria ladies\ that he won't leave them with a loss.
Kneelers Of Conscience Many President Trump observers believe he throws out inflammatory and divisive comments to distract in moments when the news
NFL Players Buy Xbox For 10-Year-Old Boy Wearing Colin Kaepernick Jersey The players complimented his jersey before buying him a birthday gift.
Packers Player Is Hospitalized After \u2018Dirty\u2019 Hit In Game Against Bears \That's not OK right there,\ CBS' Tony Romo says during replay.
11 Essentials You Need To Host The Perfect Tailgate Party It's not just about the game.
Bryant Gumbel Thanked Donald Trump For NFL Rant, And For Good Reason The \Real Sports\ host ended his show with a powerful message.
College Basketball Coaches, Adidas Exec Charged In Kickback Scheme Prosecutors said that high school athletes were bribed into playing for certain schools.
Sports Illustrated Cover Makes Powerful Show Of Unity Performing the national anthem at a sporting event \necessarily politicizes that event,\ sportswriter Charles Pierce argues.
RISE To Vote Over the weekend the issue we focus on at RISE became the biggest story in the country when the president publicly scathed
It Is Time To Come Together And Finish What Colin Kaepernick Started It is hard to deny that Colin Kaepernick picked an excellent method to raise awareness to racial inequalities and injustice
Widow Of Former NFL Player Who Died In Combat Rebukes Donald Trump The president used her husband's name to criticize athletes who sit out the national anthem.
Patriots Are Not Threatened By Peaceful Protests On A Football Field Our president is far more self-serving and attention-loving than the well paid sports stars he critiques.
Miami Dolphins' Michael Thomas Fights Tears While Discussing Trump's Insults \I take it personally.\
See Why Showboating Chicago Bear Earned Entry Into 'Idiot Hall Of Fame' When will players stop celebrating touchdowns before they're actually touchdowns?
More Findings Of CTE In The NFL Some NFL players are not waiting to find out what could be in their future.
Black Athletes Don't Work On A Plantation Donald Trump\u2019s demand while addressing an adoring crowd of white folks in Huntsville, Alabama that the rich, white, largely
NASCAR Owners Say They Would Fire Employees Who Protest Anthem Donald Trump tweeted his approval.
Stand\u200a\u2014\u200aOr Kneel\u200a\u2014\u200aFor Something If you\u2019re not outraged, you\u2019re not paying attention.
Trump\u2019s 2017 NFL Boycott Will Fail As Spectacularly As His 2016 NFL Boycott Last year, Donald Trump sharply criticized the National Football League during the 2016 campaign. But in 2016, the NFL set
When It Comes To The NFL, Trump Should Be Flagged And Ejected For Unnecessary Roughness President Trump has once again attacked the NFL for exactly the wrong reasons. He wants NFL owners to fire players who take
MLB's First Player Just Took A Knee During The National Anthem Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell became the first MLB player to take on the silent protest.
NFL Players Protest Trump And Racism In Games Across The Country Football players have been galvanized by criticism from the president.
NFL Distances Itself From Trump After He Says Protesting Players Should Be Fired \Divisive comments like these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect.\
This Baseball Team Learned There's A\u00a0Wrong Way To Celebrate\u00a0Japanese Culture Many fans were pissed after seeing the minor league team's offensive tweet.
Donald Trump Can't Stop Attacking Black Sports Figures The president wants athletes to \stick to sports.\ He's only ensuring they won't.
Aaron Hernandez Had CTE, Boston University Test Confirms The neurodegenerative disease has been linked to depression, memory loss and dementia.
Boxing Legend Jake LaMotta, Real-Life 'Raging Bull,' Dead At 95 Robert De Niro won an Oscar portraying the talent in \Raging Bull.\
Noah Syndergaard Just Sent A Trump-Bashing Tweet About Hurricanes \Stick to baseball,\ one commenter sniped.
NFL Cheerleader Wiped Out By Cameraman In One Of Day's Biggest Hits She got up and kept on cheering.
Brazilian Tennis Player Pulls Racist Eye Gesture At Line Judge In Japan The International Tennis Federation has fined Guilherme Clezar over the incident.
Cleveland Indians Set Record For Longest Winning Streak In Over A Century The Indians have outscored their opponents by a whopping 137-34 margin during the streak.
Creating A Culture Of Concussion Safety Requires Teamwork All Season Long, Not Just One Day \u201cIf I can get up and walk away from it, yeah, I\u2019ll probably keep playing,\u201d one player said.
Here's The Absolute Best NFL Catch Of The Year So Far Cole Beasley makes like Odell Beckham Jr. for the Cowboys' highlight reel.
Medics On Football Sidelines Must Have The Fortitude To Throw In The Towel For Players These professionals may be the last line of defense protecting players from longterm head injury.
Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy Season (AKA Football Season) Starts Today The suicides of several high-profile professional athletes, beginning with NFL player Terry Luther Long in 2005, brought CTE into the public consciousness.
Quarterback Josh Rosen Leads UCLA To Epic Comeback From 34 Down \It got real bleak at a certain point,\ he said.
Golfer Vows To Donate Earnings To Houston, Then Wins Tournament LPGA's Stacy Lewis broke a long slump to earn $195,000 and paid it forward.
Sonia Sotomayor Dresses Up In Support Of Yankees Star Aaron Judge All Rise!
NHL Player Josh Archibald Has His Son Baptized In The Stanley Cup Winning hockey's championship can be a truly religious experience.
The NFL Still Says Kaepernick Isn\u2019t Being Blackballed, Here\u2019s Why They\u2019re Wrong Owners and league executives have made clear they're asserting their ideological dominance over the players fueling the league.
Aaron Rodgers Says Colin Kaepernick Should Be On An NFL Team 'Right Now' What are you waiting for, NFL?
Watch Maria Sharapova Feel All The Feels After Upset Win At U.S. Open It was her first Grand Slam match since her drug suspension.
Offering Art Briles Another Coaching Job Sends A Terrible Message The former Baylor head coach oversaw a program rife with alleged sexual abuse, yet he is coaching again, and that is despicable.
The Houston Texans Are Donating $1 Million To Harvey Disaster Relief And the Dallas Cowboys and NFL Foundation each matched the donation soon after.
J.J. Watt Starts His Own Harvey Relief Fund And Raises Money In A Hurry A big man with a big heart.
Falcons Open Up a New Stadium And A New Era In Atlanta Sports What does $1.5 billion look like? On Saturday night, Falcons fans finally got to find out. Matt Ryan, the MVP and all-everything
Twitter Really Couldn't Handle Mayweather's Fight Night Ski Mask Even \Grey's Anatomy\ star Jesse Williams couldn't resist a good jab.
Twitter Doesn't Tire Of Knocking Conor McGregor's Stamina \Endurance wins. Score one for boxing.\
Floyd Mayweather Defeats Conor McGregor By Technical Knockout In Tenth Round \He was a lot better than I thought he was,\ Mayweather said.
The Most Brutal Photos From The Mayweather-McGregor Fight Floyd Mayweather beat the Irishman with a technical knockout in the 10th round.
Floyd Mayweather Retires With Perfect 50-0 Record The undefeated boxer confirmed his retirement after besting UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor on Saturday night.
Wild Brawl Turns Yankees-Tigers Game Into Fight Club Players cleared both benches three times.
Conor McGregor Calls Floyd Mayweather's Strip Club A 'Crack Den' \And that's no disrespect to the people that are in there.\
ESPN The channel's decision to pull the sportscaster from a Charlottesville game because of his name has prompted a firestorm of controversy.
Boxing Doctors Say Conor McGregor Isn't Safe Fighting Floyd Mayweather \The thing I really fear [...] is that somebody's going to get really hurt.\
ESPN Pulls Broadcaster From Virginia Game Because His Name Is Robert Lee The sports network said the move had nothing to do with \politically correct efforts.\
Watch A Little League Slugger Make An MLB Stadium Look Really Small \It went out of the Braves' field, so that was good,\ Jayce Blalock said.
Spanish Swimmer Forfeits World Championship Race To Honor Barcelona Attack Victims \I felt better than if I won all the gold in the world.\
So, Chris Christie Is No Longer A Candidate For This Sought-After Post The New Jersey governor won't be sitting around talking sports for a living.
Kevin Durant Says He Won't Visit Donald Trump At The White House As NBA Champ \I don\u2019t respect who\u2019s in office right now,\ the MVP said.
Wrestling Great Ric Flair Has Surgery After Medically Induced Coma \Still a long road ahead,\ a rep tweeted.
Columnist Calls Out Marshawn Lynch To Explain National Anthem Sitdown \If Lynch chooses not to explain ... he surrenders any power a protest might have.\
NCAA\u2019s New Sexual Violence Policy Underwhelming At Best The NCAA Board of Governors announced on Thursday they adopted a new sexual violence policy. The policy, adopted after a
Football's Concussion Crisis Is Killing Former High School Players, Too Everyone knows about the NFL's association with brain injury. But people who never get there also face a very real threat.
Racism, Misogyny, Homophobia And The Kaepernick Boycott Fans have witnessed the NFL allowing worse things than this over and over and over, and the truth is that most fans and players, including Kaepernick, have let those injustices slide.
Little Leaguers Booted From World Series Over Snapchat Post The undefeated softball team posted a photo of themselves giving their crushed competitors the middle finger.
Usain Bolt, Fastest In The World, Loses Final Solo Career Race The sprinting phenom shocked the world when he lost the 100-meter dash to two Americans.
The Olympic Committee Awards The 2024 Games To Macron, Not Trump News came from the International Olympic Committee that the 2024 Olympic games would be awarded to Paris, not Los Angeles
F.C. Barcelona 1 - 0 Manchester United United only got the ball out of their half infrequently, typically on a counter attack, but they all came to nought... ...as
Los Angeles Agrees To Host 2028 Summer Olympics Paris will host the 2024 Olympics.
Watch U.S. Women's Soccer Pull Off Jaw-Dropping Comeback Over Brazil It all happened in 9 minutes.
The Baltimore Ravens Are Considering Signing Colin Kaepernick The team has had \direct discussions\ with the controversial quarterback.
Texans Teammates Argue About Existence Of Dinosaurs Over Twitter A natural history museum employee even chimed in with support.
Simone Biles Even Wins When She's In A Post-Surgery Stupor This is comedy gold.
Katie Ledecky Just Became The First Woman To Win 12 World Championship Golds She bested runner-up, Spain\u2019s Mireia Belmonte, by a staggering 19 seconds in the 1500m free.
Draymond Green To Face California Lawsuit Over Alleged Assault \u201cI still feel that man\u2019s hand around my neck.\u201d
Watch O.J. Simpson's Parole Hearing Live Here The state of Nevada could decide Thursday to release Simpson in October.
Chris Christie Nabs Foul Ball At Mets Game, And No One Celebrates The crowd booed even as the New Jersey governor handed the ball to a child.
Baseball Is Broken Even Springsteen stops the show after three hours.
Roger Federer Wins Record Eighth Wimbledon Title Federer claimed victory in less than two hours.
Garbine Muguruza Blows Away Venus Williams To Take First Wimbledon Crown The Venezuela-born 23-year-old sealed her second grand slam victory.
Some Women\u2019s Advocates Aren\u2019t Happy Trump Golf Course Is Hosting Female Tournament \Let\u2019s be clear, by choosing to hold this tournament at Trump\u2019s course, the USGA and the LGPA are endorsing Trump\u2019s behavior.\
Tim Tebow Smacks Walk-Off Home Run, Plays Like He Belongs In Baseball He has an 11-game hitting streak.
FIFA Whistleblower Chuck Blazer Dead At 72 He was also banned by FIFA from all football activities for life.
Why Major League Baseball\u2019s All-Star Game Is Americana The death of America\u2019s All-Star Game has been protected, even promoted by nay-sayers who say the times have passed it by
Simone Biles Expertly Claps Back After Being Called A Bad Role Model \Take a couple seats.\
Venus Williams Entered Intersection Legally Moments Before Fatal Crash Authorities first said the tennis star was \at fault\ for the deadly car accident.
Jon Stewart Co-Hosts SportsCenter To Support Wounded Veteran Athletes \u201cThese are athletes that refuse to define themselves by the worst thing that ever happened to them,\ the former 'Daily Show' host said.
The ESPN Body Issue Normalizes Sexual Objectification ESPN is well aware that sex sells.
How Do You Get A City To Care About Its NBA Team? The Hawks Have A Few Ideas For the past two years, the city of Atlanta has acted as an experimental lab for unconventional moves by major professional
NFL Team Spends Days Hiding 'Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air' Lyrics In Cryptic Tweets This may be the best played thing the Panthers have done in a while -- on or off the field.
Wimbledon Star Forced To Leave Court After Suffering Knee Injury \Help me, help me, please!\ Bethanie Mattek-Sands could be heard shouting.
Venus Williams Breaks Down About Deadly Car Crash After Wimbledon Win \There are really no words to describe ...\
Tour de France Cyclist Disqualified After Elbowing Rival And Causing Crash The shove by world champion Peter Sagan sent one rider to a hospital for evaluation.
Man With Parkinson's Takes On 'American Ninja Warrior' Course, Inspires Us All \The hardest step is that first step. Once you take that first step, the rest of it comes easy.\
One-Armed BMX Rider Uses Genius Technique To Perform Tricks \Anything is possible, and you don\u2019t need two arms to ride a BMX,\ says Jack Dumper.
Stephen Curry Signs An Insane Deal With Golden State Warriors Even LeBron is applauding this one.
Cristiano Ronaldo Reportedly Scores Another Baby-On-The-Way After Twins' Birth Photos and articles appear to confirm that the soccer star's girlfriend is pregnant.
NBA Star Gives Cell Number Out To The World, Tells Critics To Call Him Direct \My phone\u2019s in my back pocket right now.\
Title IX Celebrations Expose Inequalities In Sports For Women, Communities Of Color An Ernst & Young and espnW survey released last year found that among businesswomen occupying C-suite level positions, a
Fan Goes For Foul Ball While Holding A Baby, Won't Do That Again He's going to have to smooth things over with the kid's mom.
Diana Taurasi Becomes WNBA's All-Time Leading Scorer Congrats to this wonder woman.
Tennis Pro Loses Match For Calling Himself A 'Stupid Person' That's a tough way to bow out.
Here's What We Know About The U.S. Open Blimp Crash The pilot, who was wearing a fireproof suit, survived but has serious burns.
Blimp Crashes To The Ground At U.S. Open The only person on the aircraft suffered from serious burns.
Warriors Ride Durant To Beat Cavaliers And Clinch NBA Title It was the Warriors' second NBA championship in three seasons.
'How Many Reds Does It Take To Catch A Pop Fly?' Supply your own punchline.
Pittsburgh Penguins Defeat Nashville Predators 2-0 To Retain Stanley Cup The Penguins also became the NHL\u2019s first repeat champion since Detroit did it 19 years ago.
HARD LESSON Whoops!!!
Rafael Nadal Wins 10th French Open Title Nadal defeated Stan Wawrinka in just over two hours.
Charles Barkley Announces He Will Attend 'Fat Farm' To Lose Weight \I have become lazy. Number one, I\u2019m not healthy.\u201d
Oklahoma Coach Bob Stoops\u2019 Best Moment As Sports Talk Radio broke the news of Oklahoma Coach Bob Stoops\u2019 retirement, speculation was rampant that he was in ill
LeBron James And Kevin Durant's 'Secret' Rap Song Unearthed Give it a listen.
Bring The Stanley Cup To Tennessee Internationally renowned multi-platinum recording artist and acclaimed actor, Billy Ray Cyrus, is marking a milestone this
Mountain Climber Makes History With Rope-Free, Death-Defying Ascent At Yosemite Alex Honnold's feat was hailed as \the moon landing of free-soloing.\
Jack O\u2019Neill, Founder Of Iconic Surf Brand, Dies At 94 The Santa Cruz surfer is credited with inventing the modern wetsuit and elevating the sport of surfing.
New Video Shows A Dazed\u00a0Tiger Woods Taking Breathalyzer Tests The golfer reportedly blew .00 on both tests.
Devastating French Open Injury Leads To Moment Of True Sportsmanship Player Nicolas Almagro sobbed as he was forced to quit mid-match, but his opponent was there to comfort him.
Mr. Met Loses It, Flips Off Fans After Game Don't tick off the mascot.
Indy 500 Winner Speaks Out On Newspaper Columnist's Racist Tweet Takuma Sato says he respects the Denver Post's decision.
LeBron James Talks Vandalism, Racism \We got a long way to go for us as a society,\ James said at a conference after a racial slur was spray-painted on his home.
Bryce Harper, Hunter Strickland Suspended After Bench-Clearing Memorial Day Brawl Along with his fists, the star Nationals outfielder threw his helmet, but it didn't come close to the Giants reliever.
Michael Bennett Has Earned Our Respect. It's Time We Show It Outspoken and candid, the 31-year-old star defensive end is making a very positive difference off the field.
French Open Player Refuses To Shake Hands As Bad Blood Boils Over Hard feelings on a clay court.
Bryce Harper Tells Kids \First place only,\ the Washington Nationals star says.
Terry Frei's Tweet About An Asian Winning The Indy 500 Shouldn't Surprise You The business of sport is changing, yet there are those who will persist in their prejudice.
Legendary Sports Writer Frank Deford Dead At 78 Deford is widely regarded as one of the greatest sports journalists ever.
Tiger Woods Arrested In Florida On DUI Charge The golfer says he had an \unexpected reaction to prescribed medications,\ and that alcohol was not involved.
Devon Gales Was Paralyzed Playing Football. He Just Walked Again. \I'm on the way!\
Aly Raisman Shows Her Mettle In Blasting Airport Body-Shamer \It's 2017. When will all this change?\
British Football Child Molestation Scandal The most powerful 20 minutes of television Tuesday night are also likely to be the most somber
D.C. United 0 - 1 Chicago Fire ...but none of the three managed a shot on goal, despite these attacks. ...and again. While Dax McCarty continued to show
Cloud Computing Pulls Surprise To Win Preakness Classic Empire finished second as Kentucky Derby winner Always Dreaming faded.
ESPN's Holly Rowe Says Her Cancer Has Returned The network has renewed her contract as she battles cancer and keeps working.
Yankees' Derek Jeter Ceremony Spurs Memories Of A Vulnerable Iron Horse Jeter\u2019s speech will not likely inspire great cinema. But Gehrig\u2019s did.
Trump Administration's 'Alternative Facts' Inspires Baseball Team\u2019s Pig Mascot Name \Alternative Fats will enter the field each game like no other pig before him.\
George W. Bush Just Videobombed A Reporter At A Baseball Game On Live TV And the internet can't get enough.
A Message To Athletes There is a well known saying that is readily thrown around these days that goes by \u201cBall Is Life.\u201d Whether it is on commercials
Lawsuit Claims James Harden Paid For Assault Of NBA Legend's Son Houston, we have a problem.
ESPN Broadcaster To Become First Woman To Call NFL Play-By-Play In 30 Years Beth Mowins will make history.
How The Spurs Kept James Harden, And Kawhi Leonard, From Being The MVP After defeating Houston, the Spurs limp into the Wester Conference Finals.
The Warriors' Secret Weapon Might Surprise You What makes Golden State truly outstanding is its commitment to dominant defense.
Olympic Bobsledder Steven Holcomb Found Dead At 37 The gold medalist was discovered in his room at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Lake Placid on Saturday.
Guardrail Only Just Saves Rally Car Driver From Falling Off A Cliff This is intense.
U.S. Olympic Swimming Legend Adolph Kiefer Dead At 98 Kiefer won the 100-meter backstroke at the 1936 Berlin Olympics.
Always Dreaming Wins Kentucky Derby On Sloppy Track Lookin at Lee finished second at Churchill Downs.
Serena Faces The Pressures Of Motherhood; Competitors Feel Relief No other athlete has experienced or might ever experience the pressures that Serena Williams has sustained to achieve greatness
Brandon Roy Heroically Shields Children From Gunfire With Own Body Thankfully, the former NBA star is expected to make a full recovery after reportedly being shot in the leg.
Orioles Player Scores A Standing Ovation At Fenway In Apology For Racial Slurs Boston fans threw food at Adam Jones and called him the N-word at Monday's game.
These 2 High School Superstars Are Excelling On And Off The Court Hoops and academics share equal importance for Wendell Carter Jr. and Evina Westbrook.
Put ESPN In Charge Of America\u2019s Wars The NFL draft is back on ESPN with blanket (read
Here's Why You Don't Ask NBA Star Chris Paul A Dumb Question \Seriously, right?\
Gregg Popovich Apparently Left A $5,000 Tip On A $800 Bill For those who don't love math, that's way better than 20 percent.
Ex-Soccer Officials Hit With $20 Million Lawsuit Over Massive Bribery Scheme CONCACAF is suing its former leaders for \brazen acts of corruption.\
Grizzlies Even Series With Spurs Despite Kawhi Leonard's Stellar Performance \u201cIt\u2019s scary as hell watching [Leonard],\ said Grizzlies point guard Mike Conley. \He was unbelievable.\u201d
Brad Stevens Is The Last Person To Blame For The Celtics' Woes A highly flawed roster has been exposed against the Bulls.
Skier's Epic Fall Leads To 7 Flips And 1 Incredible Video WHOA!
Patriots Celebrate Super Bowl At Trump's White House -- Some Of Them, Anyway A team spokesman criticized photos showing a bigger turnout for an Obama Super Bowl celebration.
Donald Trump Celebrates NFL Champions 30 Years After Suing League Who knows if he's still bitter over losing?
Young Celtics Fan Uses Grown-Up Word It's only Game 1, kid.
Doctors Said This Teen Would Never Run A Marathon. They Were Wrong. Austin Prario, 19, might be the only person in history with this rare congenital heart condition to finish the Boston Marathon.
Shaquille O'Neal To Pay For Funeral Of Boy Who Accidentally Shot Himself On Instagram \u201cI just wanted to do what I could to help them at such a terrible time,\u201d the NBA great said.
NFL's Todd Heap Runs Over Daughter In Deadly Accident While Moving His Truck The tragedy occurred in driveway of his Arizona home.
Becca Longo Makes History By Earning College Football Scholarship \I'm just so unbelievably grateful.\
Steelers Owner Dan Rooney Dead At 84 Rooney was admitted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000.
Success Secrets From A Sports Psychologist Here's how some of the world's top athletes gain their competitive advantage.
Rival Soccer Fans React To Blasts Postponing Game In Truly Heartwarming Way They showed just how beautiful \the beautiful game\ can be.
For Our Kids, Let\u2019s Get Tobacco Out Of Baseball For Good Why it behooves America's pastime to finally drop one of America's most frequent killers.
Here's Why Christian McCaffrey Is The Next Devonta Freeman The former Stanford standout has all of the tools to become an NFL star.
The U.S. Women's Hockey Team Had Boycotted For Fair Pay. Now They're World Champs It's the team's eighth world champion gold medal and its first big win for fair pay.
Desmond Trufant Agrees To Massive 5-Year, $69 Million Contract Extension With Falcons The NFC Champs lock up one of the league's brightest young defensive stars.
Tim Tebow Homers In Minor League Season Debut, Miracles May Never Cease \All my sports experiences helped me for moments like that.\
Cardinals Outfielder Stephen Piscotty Was Hit 3 Times In 1 Trip Around The Bases \u201cIt just stunned me. It wasn\u2019t like I lost consciousness. I was fine.\u201d
Derek Jeter Reportedly Ready to Make A Life-Changing Move Fans, get ready to be hyped.
You Can Now Watch Thursday Night Football On Amazon Prime But only on Thursday. No more, no less.
Baseball Gods Choosing A Team In NYC New York has two baseball teams. The New York Yankees and the New York Mets. For as long as I can remember, except for the
James Corden And Stephen Curry Are A Fierce 'Carpool Karaoke' Team \Moana\ is Curry's specialty.
North Carolina Tops Gonzaga To Win Sixth NCAA Title The Tar Heels lost to Villanova last season on a last-second shot by Kris Jenkins.
If It Were Up To Us, This Angry Mets Fan Would Do The Commute Report Every Day This is just Game 1.
Some TV Golf Fan Cost Lexi Thompson A Title By Emailing An Infraction To Tour \Viewers at home should not be officials wearing stripes,\ Tiger Woods stated.
South Carolina Wins First Ever NCAA National Title South Carolina was threatening to run away with the title before Mississippi State clawed back in the third quarter.
D.C. United 2 - 1 Philadelphia Union ...but the half ended with the score 2-0. The second half was more of a mixed bag, with both teams attacking... ...and Hamid
22 Points Dropped This Season For Manchester United Another Premier League weekend at Old Trafford, another draw for Manchester United. Following the international break, where
Gonzaga And North Carolina To Face Off In NCAA Basketball Final \u201cIt\u2019s a dream to get (to the championship),\u201d North Carolina coach Roy Williams told reporters.
Met Pitcher Plays The Baseball Commissioner Baseball Doesn\u2019t Understand the Cause of Domestic Violence New York Mets pitcher Jeurys Familia was arrested last Halloween
North Carolina And Gonzaga Head To NCAA Championship Game Gonzaga advances for the first time in program history.
Who Shot The Game-Winning Shot vs. UConn? Dak Prescott Or Morgan William? Holly Rowe of ESPN showed exactly what society thinks of female sports.
Mississippi State Pulls Off Ridiculous Win Against UConn, Ends 111-Game Winning Streak \I'm over here like, dang, I just won the game.\
Tissue, Please \Dream come true.\
Padres, Rockies Players Drop To Ground As Bee Swarm Takes Over Field Rockies beat the Padres, but the bees were the real winners.
What The Raiders\u2019 Move To Vegas Means For The Push To Legalize Sports Betting Gambling advocates believe the NFL's embrace of Sin City could help advance their efforts in Congress and the courtroom.
Thousands Want To Name A Professional Soccer Team Footy McFooty Face Of course.
U.S. Women's Hockey Players Reach Deal To End Fair Pay Boycott The team will return to the ice for the upcoming world championship.
The Average NFL Career Lasts Just 3 Years. This Player Is Focused On What Happens Next. A productive NFL career has inspired Ricky Jean Francois to want more.
16 Senators Back U.S. Women's Hockey Team's Fair Pay Boycott The team's players \deserve fairness and respect,\ Elizabeth Warren and other senators wrote in a letter to USA Hockey.
Oregon Heads To The Final Four For The First Time Since 1939 Oregon shot 51 percent for the game while holding Kansas to 35 percent shooting.
U.S. Wins First World Baseball Classic Title With 8-0 Rout Of Puerto Rico Puerto Rico came in with a spotless 7-0 record, but the Americans (6-2) were not to be denied.
Iggy The Iguana Is The Surprise Star Of The 2017 Miami Open Tennis Tournament Germany's Tommy Haas snapped a selfie with the reptile.
The NCAA Will Keep Events Out Of North Carolina Unless HB2 Is Repealed Keeping the law on the books could cost the state five years of NCAA championships.
Donald Trump Is Even Taking Credit For Colin Kaepernick Becoming The NFL's Black Sheep \They like it when people actually stand for the American flag.\
While Trump Attacks Colin Kaepernick, The Quarterback Is Donating To Meals On Wheels When the president goes low, Colin Kaepernick goes high.
San Francisco 49ers Legend Dwight Clark Reveals He Has ALS He says he suspects football caused it.
The FBI Found Tom Brady\u2019s Missing Jersey With A Member Of The Media The league also said it recovered a second Brady Super Bowl jersey from 2015.
Soccer Player Mistakenly Thanks His Wife AND Girlfriend On Live TV The slip of the tongue left Mohammed Anas apologizing and expressing his love for his wife in the now viral video.
USA Gymnastics President Steve Penny Resigns Amid Sex Abuse Scandal The U.S. Olympic Committee reportedly called for his ouster.
U.S. Women's Hockey Players Stand United In Fair Pay Boycott USA Hockey set a deadline for the team members to decide whether to play. But they're not backing down.
U.S. Women's Hockey Team Will Boycott World Championship Tournament Over Fair Pay \u201cIt\u2019s bigger than hockey. It\u2019s bigger than any one sport or individual. It\u2019s about equitable support for females in this country.\
Kid Looks Heartbroken After Not Being Able To Congratulate Sister On Championship A video showing an official preventing the hug between siblings quickly went viral.
Charles Barkley Scolds Donald Trump For Saying No To NCAA Bracket He had other things to say about the commander-in-chief, too.
Arizona Edges Oregon For Pac-12 Tournament Title Oregon went into a press in the second half to speed the game up and to try to create opportunities in transition.
A Black Man's Guide To Loving Hockey My wife and my daughter were in the crowd. They didn\u2019t see the goal, so I can embellish the circumstances of me scoring much
FIFA Teams and fans \need to have access to the country, otherwise there is no World Cup,\ FIFA president Gianni Infantino said.
Shelter Dogs Steal The Show As 'Ball Boys' At Brazil Tennis Open Every tennis match should include these pups.
Don't Try To Stop Laura Muir From Taking Her Victory Lap Let her have her moment in the sun!
Manchester United Drop Crucial Points In Top Four Dash Another home match against a bottom half side, another frustrating draw. It seems no matter what Mourinho does to improve
These Skiers Are On Course To Become Afghanistan's First Ever Winter Olympians \Two years ago when they first started, they couldn\u2019t ski parallel, but now they are racing.\
Mets Prospect Is Ridiculously Chill While Catching Flying Baseball Bat This video is wild.
This Reporter Interviewed THE Adrian Peterson And Totally Failed To Recognize Him \Your name?\
At 21, This Breakout NBA Star Has A Wellness Plan Even Mortals Can Follow Orlando's Aaron Gordon knows that \if you develop the person, then the basketball player becomes better.\
Heroic Soccer Player Saves Rival's Life After On-Field Collision \It wasn't the first time I have done that. It's something like the fourth time.\
Serena Williams Strolls By A Park And Challenges Two Random Dudes To Tennis In her furry boots, no less.
Junior College Hockey Player Charged With Assault After Slamming Ref To Ice Only 39 seconds were left in the game.
Muhammad Ali Jr. On Being Detained He was detained for nearly two hours, he said, while agents were \checking something.\
Charles Barkley The Cleveland Cavaliers \don\u2019t even get pushed,\ Barkley says.
Muhammad Ali's Son Detained At Airport, Asked 'Are You Muslim?' Muhammad Ali Jr. is an American citizen with no criminal record.
Karl-Anthony Towns Carves His Own Path As The Humble Superstar The Minnesota center is a playmaking 7-footer who can dribble, shoot and pass.
So, Chris Christie Might End Up Replacing Mike Francesa Remember when people thought this guy might become president?
People Are Ticked That Rory McIlroy Played Golf With Donald Trump \Just when you thought it was impossible to dislike Rory McIlroy more ...\
LA Lakers Purge Front Office As The Magic Johnson Era Commences The shocking move comes just two days before the NBA trade deadline.
These Jams From The Slam Dunk Contest Are Even Sicker In 360 You'll be blown away from every angle.
Softball Pitcher Turns Assassin In This Game Of Dodgeball WE SURRENDER!
Cavs' Kyrie Irving He's not quite sure about dinosaurs either. \ud83c\udf0e
Darrelle Revis To Be Charged In Fight That Leaves Two Men Unconscious \He was the victim,\ the player's lawyer said.
NFL Players Pull Out Of Paid Trip To Israel Fearing They're Being 'Used' \I want to be a voice for the voiceless, and I cannot do that by going on this kind of trip to Israel,\ Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said.
Could-Be Phil Jackson On A City Bus Is The Beaten Commuter In All Of Us Whether it's really him or not is beside the point.
Runner 'Attacked' By Rubber Band In Freakiest Track Mishap Ever \He was tied up like Spider-Man threw something at him.\
Marv Albert On The Knicks, Brad Stevens And The State Of The NBA \It can give you the chills sometimes,\ he said of his decades covering the NBA.
Tom Brady Says Patriots Visiting Trump's White House Isn't Political \u201cPutting politics aside, it never was a political thing.\
Watch A Youth Team Vote To Forfeit Its Season Instead Of Banning Girls It's unanimous.
U.S. Tennis Apologizes For Featuring Nazi-Era Anthem Before Germany's Match \I\u2019ve never felt more disrespected in my whole life,\ one German player said.
How John Cena's Wrestlemania 33 Opponent Is Chosen... | WrestleSketch #12 
Goldberg's WWE Return Success Reason Revealed! Backstage Heat Between TNA & ROH! | WrestleTalk News 
Knicks Owner Bans Charles Oakley From Arena, Steps Up Personal Attack The former Knicks player was arrested at a game this week. The team's security chief has been fired.
NFL Says Anti-LGBTQ Bill Could Cost Texas Future Super Bowls The proposed legislation is similar to the North Carolina law that led the NBA, NCAA and ACC to move events out of the state.
Ibtihaj Muhammad Reveals She Was Detained By U.S. Customs Without Explanation \I can\u2019t tell you why it happened to me, but I know that I\u2019m Muslim,\u201d the U.S. citizen said.
These Are The Top 25 Freshmen Of Men's College Basketball We can't wait to see where their careers take them.
Two More Patriots Players Decide Not To Visit Trump's White House \I just don't feel welcome into that house,\ LeGarrette Blount said.
Charles Oakley Got In A Fight At The Knicks Game After Yelling At James Dolan He was later arrested by the NYPD.
LaMelo Ball Scores 92 Points In A Single High School Basketball Game Not everyone was pleased.
Will The Atlanta Falcons Rise Up Or Shrink Down? Atlanta is about to find out what its Falcons are really made of.
Atlanta Falcons Strike Gold Hiring Steve Sarkisian As Offensive Coordinator The hire is a stroke of genius.
Airbnb Tackles Immigration Ban In Powerful Super Bowl Commercial \u201cWe believe no matter who you are, where you\u2019re from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong.\
Julian Edelman Had One Of The Most Mind-Bending Catches In Super Bowl History When you think back on Super Bowl LI, this is the play you'll remember.
Tom Brady's Mom Has Been Quietly Undergoing Chemo This Entire Season Turns out that's why Brady said he wanted to win for her before the game.
Um, Somebody Stole Tom Brady's Super Bowl Jersey \You better look online,\ the Patriots' owner told the QB.
Everyone Made The Same Joke About Election Night D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu After The Super Bowl \Bernie would have beat the Patriots.\
NCAA Will Pull More Events From North Carolina Unless HB2 Is Repealed, Sports Group Warns The anti-LGBTQ law could continue to cost the state NCAA championship events, the North Carolina Sports Association said Monday.
A Hair Care Company Subtly Trolled Trump During The Super Bowl Selling product in tressed-out times.
Martellus Bennett Says He Won't Visit White House For Super Bowl Honor \People know how I feel about it.\
The Falcons Lost The Super Bowl Thanks To One Really Bad, Inexcusable Drive The Falcons had a 99 percent chance to win at one point in the game. They didn't, because they botched two plays at the worst moment.
Tennis Player Agrees To Go On Date After Losing Super Bowl Twitter Bet \Lesson learned. Never bet against Tom Brady.\
Patriotism And Protests Part Of Super Bowl Kickoff Close to 500 demonstrators are reportedly gathering at a park nearly two miles from the stadium with plans to march on the Super Bowl.
Simone Biles And Shaq Kick Off Super Bowl With An Epic Photo \ud83d\ude44
The Key To Winning The Super Bowl \Quarterbacks who literally 'looked good' saw more dollars in their paychecks.\
Former NFL Player Husain Abdullah One of the most prominent Muslims to play pro football says Trump is \absolutely\ targeting the religion.
How To Stream Super Bowl LI Without A Cable Subscription It's going to be much easier than you think.
Houston's DeAndre Hopkins Says Watching Other Teams Prep For Super Bowl Is 'Bittersweet' The uber-talented wideout shares his frustrations with the season and his hope for next year.
This Season, The NFL Got Political. Roger Goodell Is Still Trying To Pretend It's Not. After a season defined by players' political stances, the NFL commissioner refused to talk politics before the Super Bowl.
Here's How -- And Why -- The Falcons Could Win The Super Bowl The underdogs from the NFC are in a good position to finally earn the franchise's first world championship.
Donald Trump Thinks Roger Goodell Is 'Weak,' 'Stupid' And A 'Dope' And he's not happy about that Tom Brady suspension.
This NBA Player Was A Refugee. Now, He's Speaking Up For Those Who Can't. \u201cWe just wanted somewhere where we could have an opportunity to make something out of [our lives].\u201d
'This Was The XFL' Selling all the bad parts of pro football didn't work, but it was a \fun failure.\
New York Post Sportswriter Claims He Was Fired For Anti-Trump Tweet Apparently, Trump's inauguration is not a day that will live in infamy.
Budweiser's Super Bowl LI Ad Is A Story Of Overcoming Xenophobia To fulfill the American dream.
NASCAR Star Dale Earnhardt Jr. Speaks Out For Immigration \America is created by immigrants.\
NBA Coach Whose Father Was Killed By Extremists Says Banning Muslims Is 'Horrible' \If anything, we could be breeding anger and terror.\u201d
Kyle Lowry Thinks Trump's Refugee Ban Is 'Absolute Bullshit' Don't ask him to rephrase it without cursing, either.
Nike CEO Blasts Trump Executive Order Targeting Muslims, Refugees \This is a policy we don't support.\
Sage Steele Gets Justifiably Roasted For Complaining About Airport Protests \So THIS is why thousands of us dragged luggage nearly 2 miles to get to LAX.\
Athletes Brace For Effects Of Donald Trump's Order Targeting Muslims International travel could be a concern for players in some leagues.
Roger Federer Defeats Rafael Nadal To Win Australian Open The 35-year-old capped his triumphant return from knee surgery with a record-extending 18th major title after a vintage battle with his Spanish rival, who had won all three of their previous meetings at Melbourne Park.
Los Angeles Could Be One Of The Few Cities The Olympics Can\u2019t Ruin LA organizers have pledged to hold a 2024 Olympics that breaks even financially, and even Olympics skeptics think they might be able do it.
Roman Reigns Talks WWE Heel Turn! MAJOR WWE Return For Royal Rumble? | WrestleTalk News Jan. 2017 
John Cena Wrestlemania 33 Match Revealed? Vince McMahon Unhappy With Goldberg! | WrestleTalk News 
Triple H \Not Happy\ With NXT! 205 Live Trouble Backstage In WWE! | WrestleTalk News Jan. 2017 
Royal Rumble Winner Rumors! Will Kenny Omega Make His WWE Debut? | WrestleTalk News Jan. 2017 
LeBron James Answers All-Star Voting Question With A Fine Trump Diss Burn.
World Basketball\u2019s Governing Body To Reconsider Whether Players Can Wear Hijabs \u201cWe can\u2019t fight against one injustice without fighting against all injustices.\u201d
Atlanta Falcons Owner Thinks Government Should Address Wealth Inequality \u201cOne of the great strengths of this country is the diversity and is the inclusion.\
Usain Bolt Stripped Of Olympic Gold Medal For Relay Teammate's Doping IOC ruling puts sprint legend's Olympic gold count at 8.
Defense Has Quietly Been The Guiding Force To Falcons' Super Bowl Run Not to be forgotten, Atlanta's \D\ continues to shine when it matters most.
The NFL Should Provide An Exemption For Medical Marijuana Some players in the NFL use marijuana to manage pain.
5 Lessons In Grit We Can All Learn From Kobe Bryant There is no denying the raw talent and incomparable work ethic that this athlete has.
WATCH \u201cF everything and everybody, whoever tells you you can\u2019t do it!\
Taxi Driver Calls John Elway The Greatest Quarterback, Unaware Elway Is In His Car \C'mon, man, you serious?\
Tom Brady Asks Why His Friendship With Donald Trump Is Such A Big Deal Super Bowl\u2013bound QB opens up about their relationship.
Atlanta Falcons Beat Green Bay Packers To Reach Super Bowl The Falcons are headed to Houston.
MLB Players Yordano Ventura, Andy Marte Die In Separate Car Crashes Both men were reportedly in the Dominican Republic when they were killed Sunday.
Kurt Angle In Royal Rumble? Seth Rollins Teases HUGE WWE Debut! | WrestleTalk News Jan. 2017 
Roman Reigns Wrestlemania 33 Plans In Trouble! Kenny Omega Interested In WWE! | WrestleTalk News 
#117-Ranked Denis Istomin Defeats 6-Times Champion Novak Djokovic In Australian Open Upset The 30-year-old played the match of his life to hand Djokovic only his second defeat in 41 matches at Melbourne Park since 2011.
To Rise, Melo Needs To Move Recent friction between Carmelo Anthony and Knicks management proves it is time for the star forward to move on to better things.
Cowboys Fan Tweaks Regrettable 'Super Bowl LI Champions' Tattoo Kind of fumbled that prediction.
12-Year-Old LeBron James Jr.'s New Highlight Reel Is Sick The son also rises.
X Factors For The NFL's Championship Sunday Four less-heralded players could come up huge for their respective teams in the clutch.
President Obama Pardons MLB Great Willie McCovey For Tax Evasion \I want to express my sincere gratitude.\
Coach Shakes Hands Of Imaginary Players After Opposing Team Snub That's one way to complete an act of sportsmanship.
Draymond Green Follows Flagrant Foul On LeBron James With Flagrant Mock Warriors Coach Steve Kerr calls it a  \normal foul.\
Dozens Of Moving Companies Are Refusing To Help This NFL Team Leave Their City \u201cThey can't move to LA without a mover,\ one determined Chargers fan said of their efforts.
WWE Hall Of Famer Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka Dead at 73 The retired wrestler lived out his last year facing charges for his girlfriend's 1983 death. The charges were dropped earlier this month.
How Athletes Stay Calm Under Pressure 
Your Favorite NFL Team Doesn't Care About You The Chargers' move to Los Angeles is a reminder that local fans are an afterthought in professional sports.
College Kicker's Video Proves His Twitter Haters Wrong \u2014 And It's Good! Way to give critics the boot.
San Diego Chargers Are Reportedly Moving To Los Angeles After 55 years, it looks like the NFL team will join the Rams in relocating to L.A.
Don't You Dare Sell The Atlanta Falcons Short! With bets raining down for the Patriots and Packers, nobody is talking about the equally dangerous Dirty Birds.
Steph Curry Appears On A 'Family Guy' Episode And Of Course It's A Winner But this press conference looks a bit different.
FIFA Approves 48-Team World Cup As Of 2026 The new format will be made up of 16 groups of three teams.
Odell Beckham Jr.'s Immature Jaunt Was Selfish And Ill-Advised Let this serve as a lesson for the remarkably gifted but controversial young receiver.
Texans Beat Injury-Hit Raiders In Wild Card Game The Houston Texans, behind a defense that smothered rookie Oakland quarterback Connor Cook throughout, cruised to a 27-14 victory over the Raiders on Saturday.
105-Year-Old Man Sets Cycling World Record If this doesn't inspire you to get off the couch, nothing will.
Here's Why Everybody Likes The Green Bay Packers For The Super Bowl Aaron Rodgers has proven his mettle in the playoffs, and he just might do it again.
Is Media Use Hurting Student Athletes? The ability to focus is the foundation of so many things related to consistent athletic performance.
Making A Case For Antonio Brown To Be NFL MVP No wide receiver has ever won the AP's highly coveted award.
Nunes Finishes Rousey at UFC 207, Garbrandt Dethrones Cruz 
Gun Control Advocates Send Safety Locks To Eagles Players Who Got Guns For Christmas Safety first, fellas.
Michael Bennett Agrees To Three-Year, $31.5 Million Contract Extension With Seahawks Seahawks rewarded the back-to-back Pro Bowler with an unprecedented in-season contract.
Ireland's Olympic Rowers Return With Another Hilarious TV Interview Paul and Gary O\u2019Donovan risk being dubbed \Ireland's gift to the world\ all over again.
3 Reasons Why The Washington Huskies Will Beat Heavily Favored Alabama Sleep on the overlooked Pac-12 champs at your own peril.
Hail Mary! Broncos Fan Sacked By Security Guard On Christmas \u201cMerry Christmas, my friend!\u201d
Minnesota Vikings' Team Plane Slides Off Runway No one was injured in the incident at Appleton International Airport in Wisconsin.
Should Supporters Of The Failed NFL Boycott Over Kaepernick \Take A Knee?\ 
Bob Costas And His Fedora Are 'Thursday Night Football's Funniest Meme \Bob Costas' hat just got its own Martin Scorsese biopic.\
In A Crappy Year, These Sports Moments Brought Us Joy Read this for your own emotional well-being.
Ronda Rousey Wants To Show You How Ripped She Is For Her Fight Looking lean and mean.
Duke Suspends Grayson Allen Indefinitely For Intentionally Tripping Opponent The Blue Devil has a history of dirty plays.
The Staples Center Will Soon Bust Out A Huge Statue Of Shaquille O'Neal Baller.
Two-Time Wimbledon Tennis Champion Petra Kvitova Attacked At Her Home \u201cIt was a random criminal act.\
Mike Krzyzewski Going inside the mind of the five-time national champion coach and three-time Olympic gold medalist head coach.
Notre Dame's Matt Farrell Has Emotional Surprise Reunion With Brother Back From Afghanistan \u201cSo this is the best Christmas present I\u2019ve ever had.\
Soccer And The Supporter-Built Spirit \u201cOne way to determine what is missing in day-to-day American life may be to examine what behaviors spontaneously arise when
Ezekiel Elliott Donates His Entire Being To The Salvation Army After TD Now that's giving generously.
Soccer Player Punished For Giving Middle Finger Files Lawsuit Against UConn Noriana Radwan's lawyer said male student-athletes often receive more lenient punishments for more serious misconduct.
University Of Minnesota President Refuses To Bow To Boycotting Football Players Eric W. Kaler said the school's values were more important than the team's scheduled Holiday Bowl appearance.
University Of Minnesota Football Players End Boycott Over Sexual Assault Suspensions The players will resume practicing to play in their upcoming bowl game, they announced Saturday.
University Of Minnesota Football Team To Boycott Over Suspensions 10 players were suspended, which some teammates contend was unjust.
See LeBron James Age Before Your Very Eyes In 1 Glorious GIF How the years pass!
Nailed To The Chessboard For 50 Years 
FBI Monitored Muhammad Ali Over Muslim Ties The FBI has been criticized for monitoring public figures, including civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr and rock singer John Lennon, in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.
Craig Sager Dead At 65 Following Battle With Leukemia The broadcast legend leaves behind his wife and five children.
Ex-NFL Tight End Konrad Reuland Dies Of Brain Aneurysm At Age 29 \Every single guy in the locker room loves him.\
Aly Raisman And Colton Underwood Are Dating Because Some Things Are Good Love is real.
LeBron James Wears A Safety Pin On The Cover Of Sports Illustrated Fashion statement? Yes. Political statement? Could be.
Samantha Ponder Is Living Her Dream In Sports The former athlete stays close to her roots by following her biggest passion.
Washington State Bill Would Allow Guns In Sports Stadiums Teams fear safety issues.
1,000 Russian Athletes Benefited From Doping Conspiracy \u201cIt was a cover-up of an unprecedented scale.\
Louisiana Sheriff Uses Joe McKnight Press Conference To Attack Critics Sheriff Newell Normand was there to announce manslaughter charges against the accused shooter.
Cleveland Weatherman Won't Shave Gnarly Beard Until The Browns Win It could be a while.
Pop Had A Terrific Response When A Kid Asked If He\u2019d Win The Championship \I don\u2019t know, but it\u2019s not a priority in my life. I\u2019d be much happier if I knew that my players were going to make society better.\
Yankees Retiring Derek Jeter's No. 2 On May 14 Re2pect.
Heisman Winner Rashaan Salaam Found Dead At 42 He was a star running back at the University of Colorado in the '90s.
Von Miller Knows It's Always Been Cool To Be Smart The Super Bowl MVP continues to excel, on and off the football field.
Raiders Punter's Response To Roughing Penalty Was Highlight Of The Day Marquette King is making football fun again.
Jets Running Back Has Creative Plan To Bring Attention To The Horrors Of Gun Violence Keep an eye on Bilal Powell's cleats during Monday Night Football.
Warriors Coach Steve Kerr Says He Used Marijuana For Back Pain \u201cBut it was worth it because I\u2019m searching for answers on pain. I\u2019ve tried painkillers and drugs of other kinds as well, and those have been worse. It\u2019s tricky.\u201d
Police Release Man Suspected Of Killing Joe McKnight \u201cHow in hell do you release someone who killed my brother?\ asked one of McKnight's former teammates.
MLB Avoids Work Stoppage With Last-Minute Labor Deal Baseball's extended period of labor peace will last at least five more years.
Michael Phelps Teaches 7-Month-Old Son Boomer To Swim Underwater The kid handled it like a champ.
Joe McKnight Dead At 28 The former NFL running back died of a gunshot wound sustained during an argument in Louisiana.
J.R. Smith Hugs Opposing Player, Allowing Another Rival To Dunk With Ease Then he wore a ski mask to explain himself.
College Basketball Player Dribbles Out Clock While His Team Is Losing By 1 D'oh!
Tim Tebow Says He Rejected $1 Million Endorsement Deal To Please Bill Belichick Then the Patriots cut him.
English Soccer's Governing Body Launches Child Sexual Abuse Inquiry It will examine allegations of children being sexually abused at professional soccer clubs.
Aretha Franklin Serenaded America With 5-Minute National Anthem Spectacular.
Are Training Partners Good or Bad? 
Michael Jordan Held Back Tears During The Medal Of Freedom Ceremony, And, Well, Yeah You can probably guess what happened next.
The World Chess Champion Is In Trouble Magnus Carlsen does not like to lose at chess. If he did, of course, he wouldn\u2019t be the world champion; the best players
Wrestler In Blizzard Shovels Snow In His Singlet Like It's NBD Because winter deserves a takedown.
This Guy Getting Run Over By Minnesota Vikings Is Painfully Perfect You're a warrior, Bernie Beaudry.
Gregg Popovich's Second Condemnation Of Trump Is Just As Powerful As His First \u201cIt\u2019s still a disorienting situation.\
Stan Van Gundy Calls Himself Out For His Past Use Of Term \u2018Posse\u2019 The Detroit Pistons coach should be applauded for identifying his own biases.
Looks Like The Pope Just Became A Chicago Cubs Fan Not a bad person to have on your side.
3 NBA Teams Reportedly Stop Staying At Donald Trump Hotels They want \to avoid any implied association\ with America's next president.
Columbia Suspends Men's Wrestling Team Over 'Racist, Misogynistic' Texts The texts were \homophobic,\ too.
Of Course Simone Biles And Pals Would Crush The Mannequin Challenge Champion meme-ing.
NFL Player Apologizes For Sitting During National Anthem \America\u2019s not right right now,\ said wide receiver Mike Evans.
Bosnian Soccer Star Pulls Down Greek Opponent's Shorts. World Blushes. Pantsing is now an international sport.
The Worst TV Sports Show in History? 
The Biggest, Sexiest GIFs From Bartolo Col\u00f3n\u2019s Time With The New York Mets 2016 just got worse for Mets fans.
The Ryan Fitzpatrick Era Must End For The New York Jets After a terrific 2015, the magic has ended and it's time to see what Bryce Petty can do.
USMNT Calls For Respect Ahead Of World Cup Qualifying Match Against Mexico The rivals will square off just days after the election of Donald Trump.
Detroit Pistons' Stan Van Gundy Blasts Donald Trump And Those Who Voted For Him \We should be ashamed.\
Tom Brady Says Gisele Bundchen Told Him To Shut Up About Politics The right call.
Elect To Watch All 13 Of Stephen Curry's Record-Breaking 3-Pointers Just wow.
Wisconsin Apologizes For Mishandling Fans Depicting Obama, Hillary Lynching \u201cWe will learn from this incident and do better next time,\u201d the school's chancellor said.
Rush Limbaugh Defends Harvard Soccer Team's Sexual Scouting Report \This kind of thing happens and it's largely human nature.\
Now Curt Schilling Thinks Lynchings Are Just 'So Much Awesome' This guy. Again.
Trump Ad Blasts Hillary Clinton For Opposition To 'Redskins' Name This will surely swing the election.
Chris Boswell Looks Like Charlie Brown In Worst Onside Kick Ever That's what you get for being too fancy.
Chicago Cubs Stars And Bill Murray Make A Real Song And Dance On 'SNL' Anthony Rizzo, David Ross and Dexter Fowler joined the actor for a rendition of \u201cGo Cubs Go.\
5 Reasons To Love The New York City Marathon The New York City Marathon is the largest, most popular marathon in the world! There\u2019s no weekend in New York City more electric
HBO Cancels Bill Simmons' 'Any Given Wednesday' The show didn't even last five months.
And Here We Have The Happiest Child In Human History Euphoria, personified.
Don't Expect The Warriors' Rocky Stretch To Define Their Year Even a team this talented faces a learning curve.
LeBron James Sent The Classiest Message To Indians After Defeat \Use this as inspiration.\
Bill Murray Had The Best Interview With Cubs President Theo Epstein After The World Series Champagne everywhere.
Patriots Running Back Had \u2018Unprecedented\u2019 Degree Of CTE When He Died Kevin Turner, who died in March at age 46, is the latest former football player to be diagnosed with the brain trauma disease.
Kobe Bryant Says 'You Know' Who He's Supporting For President Who could it be?
Cubs Crush Indians To Send World Series To Game 7 One of the teams will end their drought on Wednesday.
Cliff Avril Is Winning On And Off The Football Field He's using the gridiron as a platform to help those who need it the most.
Mets Pitcher, Who Starred In Anti-Domestic Violence Ads, Charged With Domestic Violence The #NotAFan campaign pulled the ads with Jeurys Familia from its site.
The NCAA Is Really Not Going To Like This New Ben Simmons Doc \The NCAA is really f**ked up,\ the former LSU Tiger says.
Seahawks Player Hugs Ref After Fumble-Return Touchdown, Is Promptly Penalized All you need is love.
The 'Lion King Cam' Is A Sports Thing Now And It Is Glorious Move over, kiss cam. There's a new schtick in town.
Jose Fernandez Had Cocaine In System During Fatal Boat Crash Authorities don't know who was driving the vessel.
Bill Murray Belts Out 'Take Me Out To The Ballgame' As Daffy Duck During World Series \I want you to spray it and don\u2019t say it.\
76ers Apologize For Not Letting National Anthem Singer Wear 'We Matter' Shirt \The wrong decision was made.\
Michael McQueary, Penn State Whistleblower In Sex Abuse Scandal, Awarded $7.3 Million In Suit He \should not have been a scapegoat,\ his attorney said.
All This 108-Year-Old Wants Is To See The Cubs Win The World Series The team hasn't won the championship since 1908.
National Anthem Singer Says She Was Pulled Because Of 'We Matter' Shirt In a statement, the Philadelphia 76ers didn't exactly deny it either.
Orlando Magic Dedicates Season Opener To Pulse Nightclub Shooting Victims The team raised a No. 49 banner inscribed with the names of those killed.
MLB Commissioner To Discuss Chief Wahoo Logo With Cleveland Owner After World Series \u201cI know that that particular logo is offensive to some people, and all of us at Major League Baseball understand why,\ Commissioner Rob Manfred said.
Russell Westbrook\u2019s Reaction To An Angry Fan Flipping Him Off Is Absolutely Perfect Too good.
Grant Hill Says He Would Have Loved Playing In Today's NBA The five-time All-NBA player discusses how point guards and big men have reversed roles.
Michael Phelps Secretly Married Nicole Johnson Before The Rio Olympics How did we not figure it out?
What America Looked Like The Last Time The Cubs Won The World Series As if you needed more proof it's been a while.
Seattle Seahawks' Richard Sherman Dresses As Harry Potter -- And It's Awesome \u201cUm, well, I\u2019m definitely a wizard.\
A Man Who Paid $150 For A Shot At His NBA Dream Just Torched The Warriors For Jonathon Simmons, dreams really do come true.
Cubs Fan Receives Gift Of Front-Row World Series Tickets After 71 Years Of Waiting The 97-year-old was at Wrigley the last time the Cubs were in the Series -- in 1945.
This Might Just Be The Most 'First Take'-y Poll Of All Time You already knew this poll was coming out after the Warriors lost.
The Best NBA Rookie You've Probably Never Heard Of Brooklyn Nets first-rounder Caris LeVert is setting up for a strong rookie campaign.
Senators Want The Women's U.S. Open Moved From Donald Trump's Golf Course The USGA should relocate the event because of Trump's comments about women, the senators say.
Here's Why You Don't Bully A Poker Pro With 27.8 Million Chips In The Pot \You're being abusive to me.\
Referee Kneels During National Anthem In Solidarity With Player Protests The North Carolina official has yet to be named.
New York Giants Release Josh Brown Amid Horrifying Abuse Revelations The placekicker admitted in 2015 to physically and emotionally abusing his then wife.
Even The Lions Outside The Art Institute Of Chicago Have Cubs Fever Sports fans can be such animals.
James Corden's Sisters Hilariously Overtake A Busy NFL Locker Room Uncovering the naked truth about American football.
Chicago Cubs Head To World Series For First Time Since 1945 After Dodgers Blowout Curse be damned!
Trans-America Record On The Horizon Ultra-runner Pete Kostelnick hit the road on September 12th, his 29th birthday, commencing his journey from San Francisco
What Winning Really Means Yesterday, I led a workshop in large part about identities and what framework or lens we use with which we view the world
'Wild Thing' Charlie Sheen Wants To Throw Out First Pitch For World Series \Major League continues to be the gift that keeps on giving!\ he says.
N.Y. Giants Keep Josh Brown Out Of Next Game After New Abuse Revelations NFL re-opens investigation in domestic violence case.
Giants Kicker Josh Brown Admitted To Domestic Abuse, According To Police Documents \I have abused my wife,\u201d the kicker wrote in a journal entry.
Curt Schilling Says He'll Run Against Elizabeth Warren In 2018 But he hasn't talked to his wife about it yet.
Everyone Went Nuts When Goldberg Returned To 'WWE Raw' \Gold-berg! Gold-berg!\
Dodgers' Adrian Gonzalez Refused To Stay At Trump's Hotel In Chicago \u201cI didn\u2019t stay there,\u201d the Mexican-American first baseman said. \u201cI had my reasons.\u201d
The No Fun League Made Its Dumbest Celebration Call Yet On Vernon Davis Rules are rules, unfortunately.
Ryan Lochte Doesn't Know What Yom Kippur Is Because He's Ryan Lochte Uh no, it isn't Canadian Thanksgiving, bro.
12 Weird Sports Rules You May Not Have Heard Of Including one that allows fans to use social media to boost a competitor\u2019s performance.
Bears And Jaguars Fans Fight Viciously Over Pretty Much Nothing No good can come of this.
Bills Fans Kneel In Solidarity With Colin Kaepernick Before 49ers Game In Buffalo A group of protesters supported the quarterback outside Ralph Wilson Stadium, while other Bills fans told him to \shut up.\
Wisconsin Badger Nigel Hayes Calls Out NCAA With 'Broke College Athlete' Sign The poster directed viewers to a Venmo account.
Sport and Society for Arete - The Cubs Quest 
Dak Prescott Has Earned The Right To Remain The Cowboys Starter The rookie quarterback has taken the league by storm.
Martina Navratilova The tennis legend challenged FIFA and IOC officials to be \leaders\ against abuses.
Nevada Legislature Approves $750 Million Tax Subsidy For Las Vegas NFL Stadium It's the largest stadium subsidy in American sports history.
Let's Take A Break From The Election To Laugh About This Russell Westbrook Quote Every Warriors-Thunder game this season is going to be awesome.
Auston Matthews Scores Four Goals In His First NHL Game \It's pretty unbelievable.\
Chinanu Onuaku Shoots Underhanded Free Throws Like A First-Grader It's actually called a \granny.\
College Football's 5 Unexpected Heisman Trophy Hopefuls You don't want to miss these guys.
Stunt Biker Danny MacAskill Turns Scotland Into The World's Most Incredible Obstacle Course WOW!
Progressive Groups Fight Vegas NFL Stadium After Nevada Senate Approves $750 Million Tax Subsidy Grassroots groups warn lawmakers \there will be consequences.\
Curt Schilling Says Trump Eyeing A 10-Year-Old Was Totally Normal The Fox Business host's side-eye really says it all.
LeBron James Says Locker Room Talk Isn't What 'That Guy' Thinks It Is Extra points for referring to Donald Trump as \that guy.\
Tom Brady Does Not Want To Talk About His 'Good Friend' Trump's Gross Comments A reporter asked Brady about Trump's idea of \locker room talk.\
LAPD Detective Looking Into Derrick Rose Case Shot Dead In Home Police are treating the death as a suicide at this time.
Trump Praises San Antonio Spurs, A Team That Rejects Trumpism In Every Way The NBA franchise embraces immigrants and women and stands against bigotry.
Colin Kaepernick Is Going To Start On Sunday It will be the first time the San Francisco 49ers quarterback has played all season.
FIFA Is Being Sued Over The Treatment Of Qatar World Cup Workers The suit calls on FIFA to force Qatar to adopt \u201cminimum labor standards.\
Michigan Football Fans Have Beef With Ruth's Chris Steak House Discount Some say they got a raw deal.
This Mountain Bike Trail Is Nothing Short Of Terrifying It's all downhill from here.
National Women's Hockey League Player Comes Out As Transgender Harrison Browne is believed to be the first openly transgender athlete in a major professional league.
Baseball Player Called Out For Sexist Tweet About ESPN Analyst The Astros called the remark \inappropriate\ in a statement.
The New York Giants Are Even Worse Than Last Season New season, same \u2019ole Big Blue.
Senators Continue To Press For Equal Pay For U.S. Women's Soccer Stars Sens. Patty Murray and Dianne Feinstein renewed their calls for the release of revenue data in the ongoing pay dispute.
Odell Beckham Jr. Has Reached The Tipping Point There is a fine line between passion and overzealousness, and Beckham has been toeing it all year.
Watch A Ball Boy Make The Sickest Catch Of The NFL Season Sign him up!
Ravens Fan Showing Signs Of Improvement After Stadium Fight With Raiders Fans (UPDATED) Suspects charged with first- and second-degree assault.
Antonio Brown's Touchdown Celebration Is Still Too Sexy For The NFL Even two thrusts gets you penalized.
U.S. Wins Ryder Cup For First Time Since 2008 By Larry Fine CHASKA, Minnesota (Reuters) - Ryan Moore clinched a thrilling U.S. Ryder Cup triumph over Europe on Sunday
Welterweight Boxer Dies After Sustaining Serious Injuries In Bout Scotsman Mike Towell was hospitalized following Thursday's fight and died the next day.
College Football Championship Will Now Be Held In A City With LGBT Protections Your loss, North Carolina.
Browns' Josh Gordon To Enter Rehab Gordon has missed 30 of 35 of the Browns' last games due to suspensions over failed drug tests.
These Losing NFL Teams Are Primed For Winning Turnarounds It's not how you start, but how you finish.
Heckler At Ryder Cup Makes Putt That Rory McIlroy Couldn't Well, that's embarrassing.
The Most Important Things We Know After NFL Week 3 Nothing is definite, but it's certainly starting to take shape.
Former USC Football Player Sues NCAA Over 'Unpaid Wages' A new lawsuit claims that NCAA athletes are employees who aren't properly compensated.
Tim Tebow Swings At First Minor League Pitch, And Hits A Homer Maybe this whole \baseball career\ thing could work out.
Marlins' Dee Gordon Hits Magical Lead-Off Homer In First Game Since Fernandez's Death Tears streamed down his face as he rounded the bases.
Signed Jose Fernandez Baseballs Wash Ashore Near Fatal Miami Boat Crash A beachgoer reportedly found a bag containing four autographed balls and the star pitcher's checkbook.
LeBron James On Recent Police Killings \If my son calls me and says he\u2019s been pulled over ... I\u2019m not that confident that things are going to go well and my son is going to return home.\u201d
Don't Expect This Record-Setting Goal To Be Broken Anytime Soon GOOOAAAAL!!!!!!
Arnold Palmer, Legendary Golfer, Dead At 87 Palmer is credited with making golf the internationally popular sport it is today.
Miami Marlins Pitcher Jose Fernandez Killed In Boating Accident The 24-year-old was reportedly one of three people who died in the crash on Sunday.
Kevin Garnett To Retire From NBA After 21 Seasons One of the league's most accomplished players, Garnett seems a safe bet for Hall of Fame induction.
Injured Sports Star Finds Ingenious Way To Keep Working Out \Where there's a will, there's a way.\
Michael Jordan Calls For Peaceful Demonstrations In Charlotte \It is more important than ever that we restore calm and come together.\
Richard Sherman Wants To Talk About Police Shootings, Not The Game \I\u2019m saying, straight up, this is wrong and we need to do something,\ the Seattle Seahawks cornerback said.
Carson Wentz Is Exceeding Even The Loftiest Expectations In Philly The five-time national champion is already setting NFL rookie records.
Jerry West Talks Kevin Durant And Reveals The Team He 'Always' Wanted To Join The seven-time world champion believes that Kevin Durant deserves zero criticism for heading west.
Colin Kaepernick On Death Threats The quarterback who sparked the controversial national anthem protest is also giving $1 million to charity.
Woman Accusing Derrick Rose Of Rape Must Be Identified In Court, Judge Rules Her attorney hopes the media will respect her privacy.
Former NHL Players Want You To Pay Attention To Hockey Concussions, Too Ex-hockey players met with members of Congress to show how damaging the brain injuries can be.
Sling Of Queens Going into this season the Mets had everything going for them.
U.S. Chess Team Wins Olympic Gold in Baku 
Megan Rapinoe Kneels Again -- This Time As A Member Of The USWNT \u201cThere is a bigger conversation that needs to happen.\
Serial Rapist Darren Sharper Nominated For Pro Football Hall Of Fame And it's not the first time.
Entire High School Football Team Kneels During National Anthem \u201cWe haven\u2019t seen this level of athlete activism in nearly half a century. This is a movement,\u201d one expert said.
WADA \To those athletes that have been impacted, we regret that criminals have attempted to smear your reputations in this way.\
Atlantic Coast Conference Moves College Championships From North Carolina The Atlantic Coast Conference on Wednesday said it would move 10 college sports championships from North Carolina, lengthening
Streaker Interrupts NFL Game And Radio Announcer Kevin Harlan Goes Wild \That was the most exciting thing to happen tonight.\
9-Year-Old Rugby Player Dominates Like A Man Among Boys \Beast Mode\ indeed.
Steph Curry Chooses Hillary Clinton Over Donald Trump For President Just don't ask him if he prefers iOS or Android.
World Anti-Doping Agency Confirms Attack By Russian Hackers The hackers said they obtained info on Serena Williams, Simone Biles and others.
NCAA Pulls All Championship Events From North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Laws \u201cWe believe in providing a safe and respectful environment at our events.\
Ex-USA Gymnastics Doctor Accused Of Sexual Abuse By Two Women Both women have filed lawsuits in the last two weeks.
NFL Player Avery Williamson Wears 9/11 Cleats Despite Threat Of Fine \I feel like it was my duty to myself.\
High School Decides Against Suspending Football Player For Peaceful Protest The superintendent determined it would be against the law.
Stan Wawrinka Beats Novak Djokovic To Win U.S. Open Third seed Wawrinka beat Djokovic in four sets, claiming his third grand slam title.
American Women Take Gold, Silver AND Bronze In First-Ever Paralympic Triathlon The bronze medalist was also the first American woman to lose a limb in combat.
NFL To Investigate Cam Newton's Head Hits During Broncos Game Newton's father was \grossly disturbed\ by the barrage of hits his son took during a game against the Broncos.
Solidarity Demonstrations Take Over NFL Opening Weekend The movement has spread across the league following Colin Kaepernick's lead.
The Patriotic Act Of Kneeling Protest is woven through the fabric of American society.
National Anthem Protests Spread In NFL Opening Games The demonstrations for social justice, sparked by 49er Colin Kaepernick, have spread around professional sports.
Central Michigan Upsets With Incredible Hail Mary After Officiating Error The play never should have happened.
Seahawks To Stand, Lock Arms During National Anthem The team was inspired by 49er Colin Kaepernick\u2019s national anthem protest over social inequality.
The Moment This Dad Broke Down At His Son's MLB Debut Is Tear-Inducing Trevor Williams registered his first big-league victory on Wednesday, and his dad couldn't have been prouder.
Denver Broncos' Brandon Marshall Kneels In Protest During National Anthem Marshall is the third NFL player to not stand during the national anthem since Colin Kaepernick began his sideline protest against racial injustice and police brutality.
Sponsor Drops Broncos' Brandon Marshall After National Anthem Protest \I\u2019m against social injustice and I feel like this was the right thing to do.\
Police Union Decides Against Boycotting San Francisco 49ers Games But it\u2019s still displeased with Colin Kaepernick and the 49ers.
Thrilling Season Opener Marred By Concussion Questions Cam Newton took a total of four hits to the head during Thursday night\u2019s game.
The Run Of A Lifetime This summer during the Olympic games in Rio, Bill Murray suggested that \u201cevery Olympic event should include one average person
The Presidential Debates Should Model Themselves After 'PTI' \u2014 For Democracy The perfect format is sitting right in front of us on ESPN.
D.C. Soccer Club Takes Drastic Measure To Keep Megan Rapinoe From 'Hijacking' Game The soccer star echoed Colin Kaepernick's message during a recent match.
Ryan Lochte Gets 10-Month Suspension For Rio Scandal The punishment stems from false claims of a robbery during the Olympics.
Adorable Cotton Candy Girl Is The Hero We All Need Right Now Fans tried to have her named \player of the game.\
The Paralympics' Origin Story Is A Moving Lesson In Caring For The Forgotten Paraplegics were depressed and discarded. Then one doctor had an idea
2016 NFL Contenders And Pretenders Which of these high-profile teams are for real?
Colin Kaepernick's Jersey Is Now The NFL's Best-Seller He's sold more in the last week than in the previous eight months.
23 Inspiring Photos To Get You Pumped For The Rio Paralympics Get excited -- the games start on Wednesday.
Black Americans Support Colin Kaepernick. White People? Not So Much Even white Democrats are more likely to disapprove of his protest.
Venus Fights To Bitter End, But Loses Quarter-Final Battle With Pliskova We won't be getting a Williams sister final after all.
Serena Williams Now Has More Grand Slam Wins Than Any Player Ever \308 sounds pretty good.\
Nadal Out Of U.S. Open After Upset Loss To France's Pouille \u201cI learned that it\u2019s never over until the last point,\u201d said Pouille.
Sport and Society for Arete - The National Anthem It has been over a week now since Colin Kaepernick sat during the playing of the National Anthem prior to an NFL Exhibition game. He was protesting discrimination against African Americans and police brutality in the United States.
Serena And Venus Williams On A U.S. Open Collision Course Serena's trying to break her own shared record for grand slam titles.
NYC FC 3 - 2 D.C. United New York City FC came into this game looking to regain top spot in the East, DC United came in hoping to retain their fragile hold on the final post season spot.
Serena Williams Becomes Winningest Woman In Open History All hail Queen Serena.
Rio Now the games have begun! Directed by Brazilian filmmaker Fernando Meirelles, known for City of God and supporter of the World Bank Group's Connect4Climate program, the opening ceremony put climate change front and center.
Seattle Seahawks Cornerback Jeremy Lane Sits During National Anthem It comes after San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sat to protest racial injustice.
Colin Kaepernick Pledges $1 Million To Underserved Communities The 49ers quarterback says he's taking his protest against racism a \step further.\
Stunning Nike Ad Dubs Serena Williams The 'Greatest Athlete Ever' Get the debate started.
Colin Kaepernick\u2019s Pig Socks Can\u2019t Be As Bad As This Football Team\u2019s Name Washington's NFL team continues to resist pressure to change its name to something less offensive.
A Youth Soccer Team Beat Their Opponents, Then Comforted Them And the video is now going viral.
James Harrison Has Fierce Reaction To Being Cleared In Al Jazeera PED Probe \I have worked for everything I have since day one.\
Penn State To Honor Joe Paterno Before September Football Game The late coach was fired in 2011 amid a child abuse scandal involving a Penn State assistant.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Calls Colin Kaepernick 'Highly Patriotic' The basketball legend is here for Kaepernick's decision to protest.
Tim Tebow Jumping Memes Are Now An Essential Part Of Your Day Way to soar above it all, Tim.
Legendary Olympian Says He Supports Colin Kaepernick '1,000 Percent' John Carlos, whose silent protest on the Olympic podium in 1968 made him an icon, says he understands the NFL player's motivations.
'DWTS' Entrant Ryan Lochte Says He Made 'A Very Big Mistake' In Rio \It's something that won't ever happen again.\
Anthem-Protesting QB Colin Kaepernick Is Now Attacking Trump And Clinton He's \openly racist\; she's \done things illegally.\
Turns Out, Michael Phelps Was Listening To Future During 'Angry Face' \Stick Talk,\ to be exact.
Mr. Fuji, Iconic Pro Wrestler And Manager, Dead At 82 Was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007.
Sport and Society for Arete - Football Returns 
Why Colin Kaepernick Refused To Stand For The National Anthem Before A 49ers Preseason Game \I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,\ the quarterback said.
Giants Pitcher Matt Moore Comes ThisClose To Throwing A No-Hitter Just one out short against the rival Dodgers.
Flaviu Cernescu Rides A Unicycle At The Top Of An 840-Foot Chimney In Romania Don't look down!
Ryan Lochte Signs First Sponsor Since Rio 'Robbery' Ruse Seriously, Bros?
U.S. Soccer Suspends Hope Solo For 'Coward' Olympics Comments The goalkeeper called the Swedish national team \cowards\ after USA lost to them in the Rio Olympics.
Dawn Braid Is The NHL's First Full-Time Woman Coach \The bottom line is she gets results.\
Brazilian Police Push Ahead With Charges Against Ryan Lochte Officials recommend he be deposed in the United States.
Here's The Hollywood-Worthy Rio Gymnastics Story You Didn't Hear Houry Gebeshian's story belongs on the silver screen.
U.S. Swimmer James Feigen Says Peeing Outside Rio Gas Station Was 'Regrettable' \I would like to apologize for the serious distractions from the Olympics, Rio de Janeiro and Team USA,\  he said.
Five Soccer Cities Making America Great Again! * It should be noted that none of these teams are designated as D1 or Major League teams, yet I hesitate to label them minor
He's Selling His Rio Silver Medal To Help A 3-Year-Old With Cancer You're a true champion, Piotr Malachowski.
Todd Marinovich, Ex-NFL Player, Found Naked In A Yard, Arrested For Drugs Another setback for the former Raiders QB.
Russia Loses Appeal Against Paralympics Ban The imbroglio centers on a report that found the Russian government and the FSB covered up hundreds of doping cases across the majority of Olympic sports, as well as Paralympic events.
'Drunk Frat Boy' Is Ryan Lochte's New Auto-Tuned Olympic Anthem Warning
Aly Raisman Just Accepted A Date With An Oakland Raider \He's very cute.\
Michael Phelps Was In No Mood For Chirpy Reporter On U.S. Return \If you could give me my space.\
Speedo, Ralph Lauren Cut Ties With Ryan Lochte Syneron-Candela and Airweave also dropped the Olympian.
5 Bold NFL Predictions For The 2016 Season Because you can't start the NFL season without some crazy.
Rio's Airport Wall Is Full Of Apologies For Ryan Lochte Yeah, we're sorry, too.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Dresses Up As Super Mario In Wonderfully Bizarre Olympic Finale Tokyo will host the Summer Games in 2020.
Some Good May Yet Come From Rio Robbery Scandal The $11,000 fine Olympic gold swimmer Jimmy Feigen agreed to pay is going to a Brazilian NGO that promotes social inclusion through sport.
J.K. Rowling Shuts Down Christian Group Over Olympically Homophobic Tweet The Christian Voice attacked British diver Tom Daley online for being gay.
Anti-U.S. Sentiment Could Ruin Los Angeles' 2024 Olympics Bid IOC members reportedly ticked at Americans' push for drug sanctions against Russia.
Ethiopia Olympian Feyisa Lilesa Protests Government With Marathon Medal The runner made a gesture to support a tribe whose members have been killed in a fight with the government.
Team USA Wins Third Straight Olympic Gold Beating Serbia In Rio Durant put up 30, most of those points coming in JUST THE FIRST HALF.
Bernard Lagat Loses Historic Medal After Teammate Is Disqualified, Then Reinstated An Olympic roller coaster ride.
Carmelo Anthony Preaches Unity Following Gold Medal Victory \u201cAmerica will be great again, I believe that.\
Caster Semenya Cruises To Gold In 800m Final She was widely favored to win, and she delivered.
Mongolian Wrestling Coaches Strip To Protest Olympic Judges' Decision Their wrestler was denied a bronze medal for \fleeing\ his opponent, believing the match was over and that he had won.
Matthew Centrowitz Becomes First American To Win 1500-Meter Since 1908 He stunned pre-race favorite Asbel Kiprop of Kenya.
Usain Bolt Is Just Too Flippin' Quick For This Flipbook Artist Catch him if you can!
Here's What It Was Like To Watch Brazil Win Soccer Gold In Rio Brazil's first gold medal in men's soccer helped avenge a devastating World Cup defeat two years ago.
An Olympian Barely Missed Out On Gold And Gave A Gut-Wrenching Interview \I'm absolutely gutted to blow it like that.\
Rio Olympics Closing Ceremony Caps Historic, Dramatic And Controversial Games Just like the Games, Rio's closing ceremony will be a memorable one.
IOC Says Doping Whistleblower Who Fears For Her Life Not Its Problem \We are not responsible for dangers to which Ms. Stepanova may be exposed.\u201d
Claressa Shields Is First U.S. Boxer In A Century To Win Gold Twice Man or woman.
U.S. Sprinter Wins Gold Running In Teammate's Oversized Shoes Teamwork makes dreams work.
Claressa Shields Wants To Be Known As A Great Boxer, Not A Great Female Boxer Shields became the first American boxer to win two gold medals on Sunday.
Allyson Felix Now Has The Most Gold Medals Of Any Female Runner Ever Golden, girl.
Notre Dame Football Players Arrested On Gun, Marijuana, Battery Charges One player is accused of being in a bar fight, and then resisting arrest.
Simone Biles Was The U.S. Flag-Bearer At The Closing Ceremony And It Was Glorious Team USA members selected Biles to be the flag-bearer following her historic performance.
Brazil Finally Wins Olympic Soccer Gold And Everybody Is In Tears Neymar cried. And then so did everyone else.
Usain Bolt Ends Olympic Career With One More Gold The Jamaican may be the greatest sprinter of all time.
U.S. Women's Basketball Team Dominates To Win Sixth Straight Gold 101-72 in the final. That's what dominance looks like.
U.S. Swimmer Bentz Says Lochte Played Key Role In Rio Scandal The first account from one of Lochte's companions contradicts the story given by the Olympic champion.
Gwen Jorgensen Wins The First U.S. Gold Medal Ever In The Triathlon Making history can be emotional.
Ryan Lochte Admits He 'Over-Exaggerated' Rio Robbery Story The gold-medal Olympic swimmer has been accused of fabricating an account of being robbed at gunpoint.
Heartbreak In Rio The Olympic Games are heart wrenching; if it wasn\u2019t for the many triumphant moments, comeback kids and golden glory there
Al Roker Goes In On Ryan Lochte, Becomes Internet Hero The NBC anchor was not going to let Billy Bush go soft on Lochte.
We All Should Give Rhythmic Gymnastics The Respect It Deserves They make a hard thing look so easy.
Jordan Wins First-Ever Olympic Medal With Gold In Taekwondo \u201cIt\u2019s an indescribable feeling to win the first medal in the history of Jordan in all the sports,\u201d said Ahmad Abughaush.
U.S. Women's 4x100 Relay Team Scores Gold After Earlier Baton Drop They nearly didn't make the final.
Schooling Is Reason To Keep Olympic Torch Burning Over the past two weeks, I have contemplated whether the Olympics have outlived their useful life and if it would be best for everyone involved to let the fire of the Olympic torch burnout forever.
Check Out These Exhausted Olympians At The End Of The Decathlon Olympians, they're just like you
This Olympic Wrestler And Her Coach Have The Best Victory Celebration Squad goals. \ud83d\ude02
This Usain Bolt Fan Totally Wins The Cheering Olympics Maybe pot lids can make a sprinter run faster.
NBA Rewards New Orleans\u2019 LGBT Tolerance With All-Star Game Selection Another win for LGBT rights.
Helen Maroulis Beats A Legend To Win First U.S. Gold In Women's Wrestling \Really, I just did this?\
Ginny Thrasher Doesn't Want To Be Politicized But the shooting gold medalist has been twisted into a symbol of the right.
Josh Brown, New York Giants Kicker, Suspended One Game For Alleged Domestic Abuse His ex-wife told police he had been violent for years.
American Swimmer Jimmy Feigen Agrees To Donate $11,000 To Leave Rio He's the last Olympian involved in the Lochte scandal still in Brazil.
Usain Bolt Reaches Unprecedented Territory With 200-Meter Victory The Jamaican sprinter is the first person to win both the 100-meter and 200-meter events in three consecutive Olympic Games.
Sorry Ellen, But Usain Bolt's Olympic Selfies Are Now The G.O.A.T. He kept it real after winning gold in the 200-meters. Again.
Ryan Lochte Apologizes For Behavior In Rio But he's not really changing his story.
Brazilian Officials Say U.S. Swimmers Should Face Charges For Fabricating Rio Robbery [UPDATE] The swimmers' account of a late-night robbery unraveled when video footage contradicted their claim.
Snake Catching Makes Its Olympic Debut At Rio 2016 \u201cThe event inside the event.\
Germany Women's Soccer Beats Sweden For Historic Rio Gold It was Germany's first gold in women's soccer.
U.S. Swimmers To Face Disciplinary Commission Over False Rio Robbery Claims The athletes could be punished over their claims that created an international firestorm.
The New York Post Just Sank Ryan Lochte \Liar, liar, Speedo on fire.\
Amorous Couple Interrupts BBC's Live Olympic Coverage \Apparently they\u2019re reading a book in a strange pose.\
Ex-NFL Star Darren Sharper Gets 18 Years In Prison For Serial Rape \Go to hell,\ one victim told him in the courtroom.
Ashton Eaton Holds On To Retain Title Of 'World's Greatest Athlete' The last time a U.S. decathlete achieved this feat was 1952.
13 Of The Most Butt-Clenching Race Walking Photos So many close calls.
American Long Jumper Dedicates Gold Win To His Mother With Alzheimer's Disease Get the tissues ready for this one.
Ryan Lochte Is 32. We Shouldn't Treat Him Like A Kid. Being a \magnificent athlete\ shouldn't absolve you from living by the same rules as everyone else.
All We Know For Sure About The Ryan Lochte Story Is That These Are Good Tweets Confusing story. Funny tweets.
Kerron Clement Wins 400 Hurdles For U.S. Men's First Gold On Track In Rio About time!
Mounting Evidence Indicates Ryan Lochte Fabricated Rio Robbery Story Brazilian police say Lochte\u2019s teammates admitted it was a lie.
The Usain Bolt-Andre De Grasse Bromance Got Memed, Obviously \You're the best.\ \n\No, you are.\
A British Olympian Was Allegedly Robbed At Gunpoint In Rio \u201cRio is NOT a safe environment,\ British officials told their delegation.
A Human Jump Rope At Olympics Is No Longer Lacking In Your Life Routine strikes a cord in Rio.
U.S. Swimmers Should Be Charged For False Testimony, Vandalism The athletes have not yet been indicted, but charges could be in the works.
Jenny Simpson Wins U.S. Its First Olympic Medal Ever In Women's 1500-Meter Race No drought about it.
Missy Franklin Gets A Heartfelt Homecoming After A Tough Week In Rio And that's why you always leave a note.
Guy Tries To Solve Rubik's Cube Faster Than Usain Bolt Runs 100 Meters Because somebody has to give the sprinter some competition.
Simone Biles Pulls The Perfect Face When Bob Costas Says She Just Became Famous TFW you\u2019re told you\u2019re newly famous but you\u2019re Simone Biles.
People Are In Love With This Bicycling, Gold Medal-Winning Couple Laura Trott and Jason Kenny are cruising through life on a bicycle built for two.
Brazil Judge Wants Answers From Ryan Lochte About Alleged Robbery The judge ordered Lochte and a fellow swimmer to stay in Rio -- but Lochte had already left.
Let's All Remember The Time Someone Asked Sweden's Soccer Coach A Really Dumb Question Don't ask a top coach if she can handle a men's team.
Brazilian Police Arrest Olympics Official For Scalping Tickets Patrick Hickey is the head of the European Olympics Committee.
Olympic Race Walker Steps Up To Propose To His Boyfriend In Rio Winners all.
Shaunae Miller's Dive To The Finish Line Just Inspired The Best New Olympics Meme The internet's reaction gets a gold medal in hilarious. \ud83c\udfc5
Team USA's Danell Leyva Wins Silver Medal In Men's Parallel Bars This is the ultimate story of redemption. \ud83d\ude4c
Sports Illustrated's New Rio Olympics Cover Nails It The greatests, indeed.
Usain Bolt Is Bowing Out As The Greatest Sprinter And The Ultimate Showman The world's fastest man completes his brilliant career the only way he knows how.
Grandpa Deserves Gold For Best Olympic Celebration After Usain Bolt's Win This is how you do it!
Weightlifter's Funky Dance Moves Highlight Climate Change At Rio 2016 David Katoatau wants to boogie his way to a better world.
Rio Olympics The incident adds to a host of security and logistical problems at the Games.
Russian Doping Whistleblower Says She Fears For Her Life \u201cIf something happens to us then you should know that it is not an accident.\u201d
6 Cuban Volleyball Players Charged With Rape In Finland The alleged attack took place at a hotel where the national team was staying in July.
Russian Long Jumper Darya Klishina To Compete At Rio Olympics After Appeal Upheld \u201cThe athlete established that she was subject to fully compliant drug testing, in and out of competition, outside of Russia.\
Queen Laurie Hernandez Snags Silver Medal In Beam Final This girl is GOLDEN to us. \ud83d\ude4c
Meet The 74-Year-Old Great-Grandma Who Coached A 400-Meter Star To Gold \She's an amazing woman,\ world record-breaker Wayde van Niekerk says.
This Time, Michael Phelps Is Asking for Katie Ledecky\u2019s Autograph The pair re-created a 10-year-old photo with a major twist.
Usain Bolt's Smiling Face Is The Newest Olympic Internet Meme Say cheeeeeeeese!
Chinese Diver Pops The Question In Olympically Romantic Proposal Qin Kai asked He Zi to marry him after her medal ceremony at Rio 2016.
The NBA's Kris Humphries Dominated Michael Phelps In Swimming As A Kid Maybe he picked the wrong sport.
The Spirit Of The Olympic Games, Captured In 1 Heartwarming Picture This is what the games should be all about.
Athlete Bows Out Of Rio 2016 With Olympic-Sized McDonald's Meal \Now it's time to eat some junk food after months of eating clean!\
Joseph Schooling Receives A Hero's Welcome Upon Returning To Singapore He outswam Michael Phelps and became the country's first Olympic gold medalist.
Simone Biles Wins The Bronze Medal On Beam Biles made a rare mistake \u2014 but she got a medal and can still make history.
Bachelorette Party Crashes BBC's Live Olympic Coverage The perils of live TV.
So, It Seems The Shooting Scare At JFK Was Just Usain Bolt Fans Going Wild 911 calls emerged moments after the Jamaican won his third straight 100-meter gold.
This Old Photo Of Simone Biles And Laurie Hernandez Foresaw Olympic Greatness They were on the path to the Olympics together before they even knew it! \ud83c\udfc5
United States Wins 1,000th Olympic Gold Medal That's a lot of victories.
Simone Manuel Wins A Silver Medal In The 50-Meter Freestyle Go Simone!
Simone Biles Continues Her World Domination, Wins Third Gold Medal The medals just keep coming for the #FinalFive.
Watch Weightlifter Celebrate Olympic Bronze With An Epic Backflip Good job, Aurimas Didzbalis!
Puerto Rico Loses It As Monica Puig Wins Island's First-Ever Olympic Gold \I think I united a nation,\ the Olympian said.
The Rio 2016 Volunteer Who Sets The Pace In The Olympic Velodrome Ivo Siebert is the unsung hero of the track cycling keirin event.
Michael Phelps Ends Olympic Career With One More Gold Medal The winningest Olympian of all time has retired, or so he says.
Ryan Lochte Robbed At Gunpoint In Rio With 3 Other U.S. Swimmers Lochte, who was held up with teammates Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen, said robbers placed a gun to his head.
Alex Rodriguez Becomes A Dad In Front Of The World The handful of Yankee Stadium infield dirt tucked in his back pocket a was modest compensation for all A-Rod left on the
Thank You Michael Phelps. Thank You Team USA. Thank you for making my sport relevant. For providing my peers a little insight into why I couldn\u2019t attend their parties
USA's Anthony Ervin Wins Gold At Rio Olympics In 50-Meter Freestyle Ervin, 35, finished 0.01 seconds ahead of the second-place finisher.
USA's Maya DiRado Wins 200-Meter Backstroke At Rio Olympics For Fourth Olympic Medal DiRado, intending to retire from swimming after the Games at age 23, is capping her career in epic fashion.
Joseph Schooling Wins Singapore's First Olympic Gold, Michael Phelps In 3-Way Tie For Second In 100-Meter Butterfly Schooling idolized Phelps as a 13-year-old.
Michael Phelps' Death Stare Is Now A Seriously Intimidating Tattoo \Seeing him go out and win the way he has has been inspiring to me.\
So, Someone Dumped 160 Liters Of Hydrogen Peroxide In 2 Olympic Pools And now officials have resorted to draining the swamp-like water.
Michael Phelps Says That He's Now Ready To Retire \No. I am NOT going four more years.\
Katie Ledecky Breaks Her Own World Record For Fourth Rio Gold She's coming for your medal record, Michael Phelps.
The Olympics I have been obsessed with the Olympics for as long as I can remember. When I was younger, it was simply another attempt at
Sole Russian Track And Field Competitor Suspended From Olympic Games Darya Klishina is appealing the decision.
Irish Rowers Deserve Gold For Funniest TV Interview At Rio 2016 Brothers Paul and Gary O\u2019Donovan are being hailed as \Ireland's gift to the world.\
Cowboys' Decal Proves Roger Goodell Is A Joke Roger Goodell, commissioner of the NFL.\u00a0 He\u2019s the most powerful man in sports.\u00a0He runs a league that practically prints money
Freaky Diving Video Is The Greatest GIF From Rio 2016 So Far This deserves an Olympic gold medal.
Ibtihaj Muhammad And The U.S. Women\u2019s Fencing Team Win Bronze Muhammad is the first U.S. athlete to win an Olympic medal in a hijab.
Michelle Carter Becomes First American Woman To Win Gold In Shot Put A makeup artist, Carter has often called for larger women to embrace their appearance.
Simone Manuel And Simone Biles Pose For Ultimate Olympic Selfie The gold medalists are feeling the love. \ud83d\udc9b
U.S. Olympic Star Kim Rhode Shoots Down Gun Control \The Second Amendment was put in there not just so we can go shoot skeet or go shoot trap.\
Olympic Officials Briefly Close Diving Pool That 'Smells Like A Fart' But, um, the water is still green.
Simone Biles Isn't The Next Anyone, She's 'The First Simone Biles' The gymnast is in a league of her own.
The Baltimore Ravens Paused Their Preseason Game To Watch Michael Phelps Win Again The Ravens and Panthers had to pause for the G.O.A.T.
Maryland Is Beating Most Nations In Olympic Gold Medals Thanks, swimmers.
Ryan Lochte Says He'd Be 'The Michael Phelps Of Swimming' If Phelps Wasn't There Gotta sort of feel bad for the guy.
Here\u2019s The Note Aly Raisman Found On Her Bed After Winning Silver \We love you mama Aly.\
The U.S. Women's Soccer Team Won't Win A Medal At The Rio Olympics The team suffered a shocking defeat to Sweden in Friday's quarterfinal match.
Ethiopian Runner Almaz Ayana Just Produced One Of The \u2018Finest Athletic Achievements Ever' She smashed two records in style.
Michael Phelps Breaks 2,000-Year-Old Record For Individual Olympic Titles Modern man rewrites ancient history.
Fiji Wins Its First Olympic Gold And Immediately Declares Public Holiday \We are all proud to be Fijians right now.\
Hope Solo Says U.S. Women's Soccer Team Lost To 'Cowards' The Team USA goalie criticized how Sweden won the Olympic quarterfinal match.
Belgians Suspect Dirty Water For Laser Sailor Illness \u201cThe judgment of the medical team is that the water is the likely cause.\
LeBron James Signs 3 Year, $100 Million Contract With Cleveland Cavaliers Cleveland led his hometown to its first NBA championship in 2016.
Tennis Player Gabriella Taylor Possibly Poisoned At Wimbledon \We feel this could not have been an accident,\ her mother says as police investigate.
16 Photos These Olympians Probably Wish They Could Delete From The Internet These faces deserve gold medals! \ud83d\ude1c
Olympic Officials Float Second Theory To Explain Sudden Greening Of Rio Pools The good news
Basketball Breathes New Life Into Brazil\u2019s Largest Favela \u201cWe have four principles here
The Olympic Gymnast Whose Leg Snapped Is Already Walking Again Here\u2019s to wishing Samir A\u00eft Said a full and speedy recovery.
These Capybaras Don't Care About Your Pitiful Olympic Golf Course It's their world. We're just trying to win gold medals in it.
Check Out This Olympic Swimmer Literally Bowing Down To Michael Phelps We're not worthy!
Disappointed North Korean Says He Is 'Not A Hero' For Winning Silver It's tough being a North Korean Olympian.
Gymnast Bounced From Olympics For All-Night Drinking, Team Says Yuri van Gelder still had the ring finals left.
Colombia Scores Last-Second Goal To Tie U.S. Women's Soccer At Rio Olympics The tie was enough to advance the Americans to the quarterfinal Friday night.
Katie Ledecky Nabs Her Second Olympic Gold Medal In Rio And brought the Ledecky 2016 medal count to three.
A U.S. Cyclist Made Sure She Won Gold, Then Collapsed To The Ground Soon after, Kristin Armstrong's son rushed out to give her a hug.
This Vine of Gymnast Laurie Hernandez As A Fly Is Worthy Of Gold Give her ALL the medals.
Serena Williams Knocked Out Of Olympics In Stunning Third-Round Loss The defending gold medal champion fell to Elina Svitolina of Ukraine.
The Moment Chad Le Clos Realized Michael Phelps Would Win He's got a good look at history unfolding before his eyes.
Look At This Photo Of 9-Year-Old Katie Ledecky Getting Michael Phelps' Autograph Now, they're both Olympic champions.
Let's Celebrate This Olympic Chest Bump Fail Practice up, fellas.
Michael Phelps Wins 20th Gold Medal At Rio Olympics The winningest Olympian of all time has done it again.
We Shouldn\u2019t Ignore Ryan Lochte\u2019s Remarkable Career Because Of Michael Phelps Lochte\u2019s closing in on becoming the second-greatest swimmer ever and no one\u2019s talking about it.
Here's Why The Olympic Diving Pool Turned Green (UPDATE It's not easy being green.
Here's Why Michael Phelps Laughed During The National Anthem \It\u2019s something all of us in Baltimore know well.\
U.S. Cycling's Golden Girl Strikes Again By Beating Russian Drug Cheat Kristin Armstrong claimed her third straight gold medal the day before her 43rd birthday.
Lilly King Says The Best Part Of Winning Gold Was Doing It Clean King is becoming the conscience of Rio.
These Hilarious Quips About The Olympics Nail Exactly How We're Feeling Patriotic and sporty AF.
Fencer Enzo Lefort's Phone Fell Out Of His Pocket Mid-Bout At The Olympics We've officially seen it all.
Here, Finally, Is The Up-Close Image Of Michael Phelps' Cupping Ouch.
This Brazilian Gymnast Is Wowing The Hometown Crowd In Rio Fl\u00e1via Saraiva is getting ready to go up against Team USA.
Rio Olympics Diving Pool Mysteriously Changes From Blue To Green Officials were still investigating what could have changed the color.
Rio Police Arrest Second Olympic Boxer Over Sexual Assault Namibia's Jonas Junius allegedly assaulted a room maid in the Olympic village.
All The Hilarious #OlympicSongs You Need For Rio 2016 \If you like it, then you should have put five rings on it.\
Adorable Cat Really Wants To Play Olympic Beach Volleyball She thinks she's part of Team USA.
Usain Bolt Confirms This Is His Last Olympics 'For Sure' Brace yourself for a little samba dancing, too.
There Are Some Pretty Strange Jobs At The Olympics Like, why do Olympic swimmers need a lifeguard? \ud83c\udfca
Olympic Cyclist In Intensive Care After Crash On Accident-Prone Course Dutch rider Annemiek van Vleuten suffered a concussion and three fractures to her spine during Sunday's brutal wipeout.
Lilly King Becomes American Hero Wagging Finger At Russian Drug Cheat She's looking at you, Yulia Efimova.
Serena And Venus Williams Lose For The First Time As An Olympic Duo An upset of the highest degree.
South And North Korea Gymnasts' Selfie Scores A 10 For Diplomacy \This is why we do the Olympics.\
What's Really Behind The Unusual Circles On Michael Phelps' Back It's called cupping.
Katie Ledecky Just Destroyed Her Own World Record In The Women's 400-Meter Freestyle When she's in the pool, she's not racing other people -- she's battling herself.
Olympic Champion's Grandma Wins Gold For Her Twitter Game This #OlympicNan is one of a kind.
Samuel L. Jackson Is Live-Tweeting The Olympics, And It's Just As Awesome As It Sounds The actor takes his Summer Games very seriously.
The NSFW Name-Pairing Of Butt And Fuchs Just Won The Olympics German teammates joined in Olympic legend forever.
That Moment The Wi-Fi Freezes As Your Teammate Leads An Olympic Final Aaaargh!!!
Not To State The Obvious, But Women Are The Stars Of The Olympics How can you watch Simone Biles and Katie Ledecky and say women's sports aren't awesome?
Alex Rodriguez To Retire, Will Play Last Game On Friday \Saying goodbye may be the hardest part of the job\ says the player, who will serve as special adviser through 2017.
There's Just Something Funny About This Photo Of DeAndre Jordan And A Tiny Gymnast A 6-foot-11 NBA star snaps a pic with a 4-foot-6 gymnast.
Swimming Officials Show What The Olympics Should Be All About Judges embraced the spirit of the games when a swimmer jumped the gun.
U.S. Basketball Team Plays Rock, Paper, Scissors In Rout Of China So this is how game decisions are made at the Olympics!
Beaten Chinese Swimmer Doesn't Like Being Called A 'Drug Cheat' By Winner Sun Yang, who tested positive for banned stimulant in 2014, says Mack Horton's previous comment is a 'cheap trick.'
NSFW Lil Jon Song Inspires Aussie Swimmers To Olympic Gold Medal \That\u2019s our theme song for the meet.\
Stray Bullet Flies Through Olympic Equestrian Media Center Organizers said it had \nothing to do with the Games.\
Entire Russian Team Banned From Participating In Paralympic Games \it is our responsibility to ensure fair competition, so that athletes can have confidence that they are competing on a level playing field.\
Tennis Upset As Venus Williams Loses First Round Singles Match At Rio 2016 She crashed out to Belgian underdog Kirsten Flipkens.
This Vietnamese Marksman Just Made Olympic History Yes!!
Olympic Gymnast Fights Through Tears And A Torn ACL To Help Team Make Finals Andrea Tobas put his knee on the line for his country.
An Olympic Gymnast Just Broke His Leg In The Most Stomach-Churning Way Warning
The Agony Of Olympic Defeat In 1 Heartbreaking Image \I don't think I need to say much more about how I feel.\
USA Gymnastics Team Utterly Annihilates In Qualification Round How many different ways can you say \slay\?
Hope Solo Stars As U.S. Women's Soccer Beats France At Olympics Solo kept France scoreless as the Americans earned their second victory in Rio.
USA's Virginia Thrasher Wins First Gold Medal Of 2016 Rio Olympics The 19-year-old held her nerve against two Chinese Olympic champions to clinch the women\u2019s 10m air rifle event.
Team Refugees Gets Standing Ovation At Olympics Opening Ceremony The first team of refugee athletes in the games' history marched behind the Olympic flag.
Syrian Refugee Yusra Mardini Was Already A Winner Before She Topped Her Rio Olympics Heat She's a real Olympic heroine.
Roger Federer Posts Saddest Tweet Of The Rio 2016 Opening Ceremony \ud83d\ude22
This Is Why Lifeguards Are Patrolling The Olympic Pool At Rio 2016 \It\u2019s really one of the funniest things I\u2019ve seen in the Olympic Games so far.\
The Rio Opening Ceremony Put Climate Change Front And Center Brazil wasted no time with the whole world watching.
This Passenger Raised Money To Send An Olympian's Uber-Driving Dad To Rio Darrell Hill's dad can now watch him compete in the shot put event. \u2764\ufe0f
Watch The U.S. Olympic Swim Team Do Their Own Epic 'Carpool Karaoke' Michael Phelps joins in, too!
21 Times This Year's U.S. Olympic Women's Gymnasts Were Straight-Up Superheroes Not all heroes wear capes.
This U.S. Runner Predicted Her Olympic Trip On Twitter 5 Years Ago \In 2016 I will be 22, graduated from a school I have not chosen yet, and going to the Olympics,\ she wrote. She was right.
Protests Clog Up Rio Hours Before Opening Ceremony \We want to show the world that we won't stand for this totally illegitimate president.\
Rio Police Arrest Moroccan Olympic Boxer For Sexual Assault Hassan Saada allegedly assaulted two maids who work at the Village.
U.S. Women's Soccer Team Cruises To Opening Victory At Rio Olympics The Americans won 2-0 to begin their quest for a fourth straight gold medal.
On Eve of Olympics, Top Investigator Details Secret Efforts to Undermine Russian Doping Probe In an exclusive interview, the former chief investigator of the World Anti-Doping Agency said his efforts to investigate state-sponsored doping in Russia were repeatedly thwarted by WADA\u2019s own president.
Most Russian Olympic Athletes Cleared For Games After Doping Ban 271 of 387 athletes were approved, despite threats of a blanket ban over alleged cheating.
But Really ... How Are The Olympics Still Even Happening? The internet wants answers.
Olympic Officials Lose Keys To Stadium, Pull Out The Bolt Cutters EVERYTHING IS GOING JUST FINE.
Eric Decker's New Starring Role The 29-year-old standout receiver uses football as a platform to benefit those in need.
Members Of The Olympic Refugee Team Come To Rio With A Simple Message \We still are humans. We are not only refugees.\
Japanese Gymnast Racks Up A $5,000 Pok\u00e9mon Go Bill In Rio Which is particularly strange given that there are no Pok\u00e9mon in Rio.
Michael Bennett Wants NFL Players To Be More Outspoken About Social Issues He believes they should follow the WNBA's lead.
Ryan Lochte Says Good Training Starts In The Bedroom His secret to winning gold is more obvious than you'd think.
Usain Bolt Has Never Run A Full Mile, According To His Agent No, seriously.
Here Are All The Ways To Stream The 2016 Rio Olympics Online And watch the highlights, too.
Carmelo Anthony During Team USA Singalong Sums Up Your Feelings On Participation He has absolutely no intentions of making his way downtown.
The First Female NFL Coach Is Proud To 'Play Like A Girl' Jen Welter is encouraging women and girls to play the sports they love.
You Only Need To Ingest Three Teaspoons Of Rio's Water To Get Sick At that amount, obtaining a virus is a near certainty, the AP says.
Brazil Police Free Mother-In-Law Of Formula One Impresario, Arrest 2 Suspects Aparecida Schunk, who was kidnapped on July 22, was unharmed.
American Jimmy Walker Wins PGA Championship SPRINGFIELD, New Jersey (Reuters) - American Jimmy Walker relied on clutch putting to clinch his first major title by one
Skydiver Luke Aikins Makes Jump Without A Parachute Aikins jumped from 25,000 feet without parachute and landed in a net.
Fire In Rio Olympic Village Building Forces Evacuation Of Athletes Stairwells of a building filled with smoke but no one was injured.
Sport and Society for Arete - Rio 2016 
USC Football Is Already Catching USA Gymnastics Fever They\u2019re so ready to see Simone Biles and co. dominate.
An Oral History Of The First U.S. Olympic Women's Basketball Team Forty years ago this summer, a team made history in Montreal.
Drew Pomeranz's Journey To The Red Sox Was Well Worth The Wait When the All-Star pitcher was dealt to Boston, it was the fourth time he was traded in six years.
NBA Players To Start Paying For Retired Players' Health Insurance \It\u2019s important that we take care of our entire extended NBA family.\
NFL-Backed Youth Program Says It Reduced Concussions. The Data Disagrees. As increasing numbers of parents keep their children from playing tackle football for safety reasons, the National Football League and other groups have sought to reassure them that continuing reforms are making the game less dangerous.
Aaron Rodgers Finally Breaks His Silence On 'Bachelorette' Brother To say he doesn't really care.
The Look On This Kid\u2019s Face When He Realizes Dad Didn\u2019t Forget His Birthday Will tug at anyone\u2019s heartstrings.
Ryan Braun Wants To 'Retire At A Young Age' \I mean, it\u2019s impossible not to think about at some point,\ the 32-year-old slugger tells HuffPost in an exclusive interview.
This Little Kid Had No Idea He Was Playing Baseball With An Oakland A\u2019s Pitcher Talk about a home run! \u26be\ufe0f
Video Released Of Former NFL Player Marcus Vick Running From Cops He pleaded guilty to resisting arrest on July 11.
NFL Finds 'No Credible Evidence' That Peyton Manning Used PEDs And lots of Pats nation reacted like \ud83e\udd14
Michael Jordan Finally Breaks His Silence On Police Brutality \I can no longer stay silent.\
Steph Curry And Justin Timberlake Dance 'The Carlton' And Life Is Complete This must have put sunshine in everyone's pocket.
Queen Marta Looks For Olympic Glory On Her Home Turf This might be the female Pel\u00e9's last major competition.
Rio Mayor Jabs At Aussies Who Won't Move In To Olympic Village Real funny, your honor.
Froome Cements Tour Great Status With Third Title The Team Sky rider becomes the first to retain his title since Miguel Indurain in 1995.
GBK's Pre-ESPY Awards Gift Lounge 
Bernie Sanders Praises NBA For Moving All-Star Game Out Of North Carolina The league moved the game after North Carolina refused to amend or repeal its anti-LGBT \Bathroom Bill.\
Hope Solo Shows Off Zika Defense Armor For Rio Olympics It's, uh, intense.
WNBA Fines Players For Wearing Shirts To Honor Recent Shooting Victims Standing up to police shootings has come at a cost.
NBA Pulls All-Star Game Out Of Charlotte Over 'Bathroom Bill' The league is apparently looking at New Orleans as the replacement city.
Eugene Monroe Retires Early Over Concussion Fears \Has the damage to my brain already been done? Do I have CTE? I hope I don\u2019t.\
Michael Bennett Might Be The NFL's Worst-Compensated Star One of the league's most prolific defensive linemen is also its 27th highest-paid.
The Jacksonville Jaguars Want To Help You Catch 'Em All The Jaguars are hosting a very clutch Pok\u00e9mon Go safari night.
Baylor Football Coach Ignoring 'Culture Problem' Despite Sex Abuse New coach Jim Grobe puts football ahead of campus sexual assault.
Big 12 Commissioner Blames Sexual Assault Epidemic On \u2018Raging Hormones' \It's probably unrealistic to think that these kinds of things are never going to happen.\
Warrick Dunn Wants Us To Fight Gun Violence By Focusing On Family \It all starts with kids.\
A New England Patriot Will Play On The U.S. Olympic Rugby Team Nate Ebner will be the only active NFL player representing his country in Rio.
This Little Guy Lived An Entire Life During An 18-Inning Baseball Game If an emotion exists, this kid felt it.
WADA Recommends Banning Russian Athletes From 2016 Rio Olympics WADA also said Russian government officials should also be denied access.
Supercut Of Kids Meeting Their Sporting Heroes Is Utterly Adorable Awww!
Tim Tebow Dismisses Rumors He's Speaking At GOP Convention \u201cIt\u2019s amazing how fast rumors fly, and that\u2019s exactly what it
Woman With MS Makes It Her Mission To Run A Marathon On Every Continent And she wants to do it in only 12 months.
Some Guy Tried To Put Out The Olympic Torch With A Fire Extinguisher And it went pretty badly, to be honest.
LeBron And Friends Opened The ESPYs With A Speech You Need To Hear \The urgency to create change is at an all-time high.\u201d
Zaevion Dobson Was A Hero. Now His Mother Is, Too. \u201cI\u2019m here to fight back,\ Zenobia Dobson said at the 2016 ESPY Awards on Wednesday.
Kind Of Down With This Dance That Chance And Steph Curry Did Last Night Am I late or can this be dance of the summer?
Kenny Smith Wants NBA Players To Use Salary Spike To Help Less Fortunate \When you\u2019re making 30 million per year, your communities can live well.\
Tom Brady's Latest 'Deflategate' Appeal Rejected By Federal Court Brady's slated to serve his original four-game suspension.
Carmelo Anthony Wants U.S. Team To Take A Stand Against Gun Violence In Rio \u201cI do feel like this is a platform where we should \u2014 we as athletes, we as Americans \u2014 use it for something.\u201d
NFL Player\u2019s Beloved Dog Serves As Groomsman At His Wedding \I just could not imagine getting married without him.\
The Draymond Green Situation Suddenly Looks A Lot More Serious According to the other man involved, he was \choked out\ by associates of Green well before the arrest.
NBA Free Agency Winners And Losers The NBA's \second season\ trumps all.
Minneapolis Police Chief Says Cops Shouldn't Have Walked Out Of WNBA Game The officer's actions didn't \conform to the expectations held by the public,\ she said.
Cops Walk Off Job At WNBA Game Over Players' Racial Profiling Protest Their union leader says he commends the officers for their action.
Meet Amanda Nunes, The UFC\u2019s First Openly Gay Champion The 28-year-old nabbed the belt with a dominant victory this weekend.
Russell Westbrook Lost In One-On-One To A Seventh-Grader Your classic David vs. Goliath story.
New York Liberty Players Wear #BlackLivesMatter Shirts Before Their Game The shirts also paid tribute to the Dallas police officers who died last week.
UFC's $4 Billion Sale Is The Biggest Transaction In Sports History UFC President Dana White right now
Gymnast Simone Biles Leads The U.S. Team To Rio Some stars from London Olympics also make the squad.
16-Year-Old Sydney McLaughlin Makes U.S. Olympic Team In 400 Meter Hurdles \I don't get paid for this. I'm here just for fun.\
Tim Duncan Retires From The NBA After 19 Seasons And he did so in a very Duncan-esque way.
Dale Hansen Gives Powerful Speech Following Week Of Violence \It was not just an attack on the Dallas police; it was an attack on our basic humanity.\
Draymond Green Reportedly Arrested On Assault Charges He was booked in his home state of Michigan.
This Little Boy Comforting Crying Soccer Fan Should Make All Of France Feel Better This makes everything OK.
Andy Murray Beats Milos Raonic To Claim Second Wimbledon Title By Martyn Herman LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Andy Murray put the finishing touch to an almost faultless fortnight to claim
Portugal Defeats France 1-0 To Win Euro 2016 Championship PARIS (Reuters) - Substitute Eder scored in extra-time to give Portugal a 1-0 win over hosts France in the Euro 2016 final
Cristiano Ronaldo Leaves Euro 2016 Final In Tears After Knee Injury He tried to play through it too.
Serena Williams Wins 22nd Grand Slam Title Williams beat Germany\u2019s Angelique Kerber 7-5 6-3 to claim a seventh Wimbledon singles title.
Top Golfer Dustin Johnson Skipping Olympics Over Zika Fears Johnson joins Jason Day, Rory McIlroy and Adam Scott as top 10 golfers who have opted out of Rio.
Serena Williams Speaks Out On Police Violence, Dallas Shooting \I feel anyone in my color in particular is of concern. I do have nephews that I'm thinking, 'do I have to call them and tell them, don't go outside.'\
Kevin Durant's Dad Wayne Pratt gave his son, Kevin Durant, a specific piece of advice before NBA free agency began July 1. He wanted him to
Carmelo Anthony Calls On Athletes To Put Morals Over Money In Response To Recent Shootings \Take Charge. Take Action.\
No Man Should Ever Have To Receive A Text Like This From His Child But lots of black fathers in the U.S. have.
Colin Kaepernick Responds To Philando Castile's Death The San Francisco 49ers quarterback shared his thoughts on Instagram in the aftermath of Wednesday's news.
Jabari Parker Says He Fears For His Own Safety Amid Police Shootings Other athletes echoed his concerns.
The University Of Tennessee Settlement Orders The School To Hire Consultants And Not Much Else Those who hoped the $2.48 million settlement would reform how the school handles sexual violence will have to keep waiting.
Charles Barkley Believes Kevin Durant Is Trying To 'Cheat' His Way To A Championship \u201cDon\u2019t you want to compete?\u201d
Simone Biles Did A No-Hands Cartwheel Before Throwing Out The First Pitch, Naturally Going for the gold on the mound.
Over 200 Former Penn State Football Players Want The Paterno Statue Back \Joe Paterno has been cast in a negative light and we're trying to correct that narrative.\
Athletes Plead For Justice In Aftermath Of Alton Sterling Shooting \This is what lynchings look like in 2016.\
This Buzzer-Beater Beats Them All Behind the backboard? You gotta be kidding me.
This Little Oklahoma City Fan Is Pretty Upset With Kevin Durant \I hate him! I'd punch him in the face!\
Nick Young Almost Blew Up His Hand With A Firework On 4th Of July Have we learned nothing from Jason Pierre-Paul?
Furious Thunder Fans Burn Kevin Durant Jerseys On 4th Fighting Warriors' hire with fire.
Dodgers Eagle Celebrates Independence By Flying Away During Pregame Ceremony The eagle hasn't landed.
Soccer Coach's Viral 'Scorpion' Kick Wows From The Sidelines Put yourself in, coach.
'Welcome To Hell' And a \u201csuper bacteria\u201d has been discovered to boot.
Stephen A. Smith Had An On-Air Temper Tantrum Over Kevin Durant Leaving OKC He also tweeted that the move was \weak.\
Iran's Amazing Spider-Woman Climbs A Wall So Fast It Doesn't Look Real WHOA!
Iceland's Excitable Soccer Commentator Gets The Black Metal Remix He Deserves It's a match made in heaven, or hell.
Kevin Durant Shockingly Announces He\u2019ll Sign With The Golden State Warriors The Warriors win the Durant Sweepstakes over OKC.
Michael Phelps Wins 100 Meter Butterfly In Final Race Before Rio Olympics Phelps heads to Rio for his fifth and final Olympics, qualified in three events.
Novak Djokovic Loses To Sam Querrey In Upset At Wimbledon The loss ends Djokovic's bid to become the first man since 1969 to win all four majors in a calendar year.
Germany Reaches Euro 2016 Semi-Final After Penalty Shootout Win Against Italy Germany will face the winner of Sunday's France vs. Iceland quarter-final.
This CFL Player Takes Unsportsmanlike Conduct To Another Level Duron Carter celebrated by knocking down the opposing team's head coach.
It's Time For The New York Mets' Annual Million-Dollar Giveaway July 1 means one retired player gets $1.19 million.
Former International Phenomenon 'Linsanity' Returns To New York City Lin is off to Brooklyn, to be exact.
Mike Tirico Says Goodbye To ESPN In The Best Way Possible So classy.
Olympic Rowers Will Compete In Poop-Filled Water Without Protection Do we really need the Rio Olympics to happen?
Man Who Wants US Nuclear Codes Donald Trump Spent Charity Funds On A Tim Tebow Autograph A breach of IRS rules? Maybe. A breach of ethics? Definitely.
Jason Pierre-Paul Made A Fireworks Safety Video For Fourth Of July Listen to a man who knows the dangers all too well.
Meet The First Co-Ed Pro Baseball Team In Over 60 Years \We hope this sends a message to the rest of the baseball world.\
Michael Phelps Qualifies For A Record Fifth Olympics Phelps is now the first male U.S. swimmer to make five consecutive Olympics.
Rio Gets $895 Million Government Loan To Help With Olympic Safety Brazil's recession is stoking crime, leading to threats of police strikes on the eve of the Olympics.
Simone Biles Makes History With 4th Consecutive National Championship She's the first woman in 40 years to match such a feat.
Johnny Manziel Says He's Going Sober On July 1 Just one more party real quick.
Ex-Colts Running Back Zurlon Tipton Accidentally Shoots Self Dead Incident happened at a car dealer.
Watch Doc Gooden And Darryl Strawberry Reunite In ESPN Films' Newest '30 For 30' An exclusive clip from ESPN's upcoming film \Doc & Darryl.\
Jake Plummer Slams 'Billionaire A*****e' Jerry Jones For Not Taking CTE Seriously \Shame on him for saying that.\
Longtime NFL Coach Buddy Ryan Dead At 82 Ryan had one of the greatest defensive minds in league history.
Kids Go Adorably Bonkers Meeting The U.S. Olympic Basketball Team They are FANS.
Caitlyn Jenner Graces The Cover Of Sports Illustrated For Olympic Anniversary And puts on her gold medal in public for the first time in 40 years.
Listen To Iceland's Commentator Absolutely Lose It After A Goal Against England This is a work of art.
Tony Hawk Does A '900' At Age 48 Because He's Still The Man Is this his last?
Tim Tebow Prays With Plane's Passengers After Man Collapses On Flight Former football star \met with the family as they cried on his shoulder!\
Iceland Company Trolls England's Soccer Team With Free Whale Watching Tour \It must be hard to lose against the smallest nation that has ever taken part in a championship,\ the company sympathized.
James Harden Had The Most Fun Ever Fooling A Kid At Basketball Camp In one move, the NBA star just made this youngster's summer.
John Orozco Breaks Down After Qualifying For USA Gymnastics Team Orozco, who competed on the Olympic team in 2012, has dealt with multiple tragedies in the last 16 months.
Steve Kerr Gave An Impassioned Plea For Gun Control That Everyone Should Hear Kerr's father was killed by two gunmen in 1984.
Former UFC Fighter Ryan Jimmo Dies After Hit-And-Run Incident The 34-year-old shares the record for fastest knockout in UFC history.
Is It Just Me Or Have Kids Become Extra Suave Recently? Meet Generation Photogenic.
Lionel Messi Says He's Retiring From International Soccer After a brutal loss in the Copa America final.
Chile Retain Copa With Shootout Win Over Argentina EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey, June 26 (Reuters) - Chile upset favorites Argentina with a penalty shootout victory in the Copa
John Oliver Rips Into All Things Related To Olympic Doping \Think of doping like Vladimir Putin ... It's something that adversely affects the entire world.\
Read Wrestler Mick Foley's Heartfelt Tribute To The City Of Orlando \A city that refused to be defined by the formidable forces of intolerance, ignorance and fear.\
Summer League Baseball Team Compares Its Gun-Education Night To LGBTQ Night \You can\u2019t please everyone.\
Vegas Taxpayers Could Spend A Record $750 Million On A New NFL Stadium Billionaire Sheldon Adelson wants the stadium to lure the Oakland Raiders to Vegas.
Umpire Paul Emmel Gets Bloody Head Gash When Bat Hits Him The ump was treated at the hospital.
I\u2019m Ready for New York Chicago made me who I am. But it\u2019s time for a new chapter.
Even President Obama Tells J.R. Smith To Put On A Shirt And that's an order.
NBA Draft Winners And Losers From The First Round Because it's never too early.
You Trying To Sign The Pipe? Because J.R. Smith just did.
The World Anti-Doping Agency Just Shut Down Rio's Olympic Testing Lab It supposedly didn't meet WADA's standards.
Michael Phelps Prepares For Life After Rio 2016 Olympics Snakes. For as long as Michael Phelps can remember, he's hated snakes. As a little boy, he picked up a rock in his parents
Kris Dunn's NBA Pipe-Dream Is Finally A Reality He's risen from living alone at nine with his 13-year-old brother to the zenith of basketball.
In Defense Of The Seemingly Terrible Derrick Rose Trade The Knicks didn't make a horrible move, despite what you might have heard.
ESPYS To Honor 15-Year-Old Who Died Shielding 3 Women From Gunfire Zaevion Dobson is what a true hero looks like.
The J.R. Smith Redemption Tour Reaches Its Peak Meet our country's future leader, J.R. Smith.
Cleveland Is Letting People Skip Court For The Cavs' Championship Parade The most Cleveland thing we've ever heard.
Brandon Ingram The prodigious Duke product is primed to become an NBA star.
Derek Jeter Reveals One Of The Biggest Regrets Of His Career To President Obama And it's not what you'd expect.
Rory McIlroy Pulls Out Of Olympics Over Zika Fears Several other major athletes have pulled out of the Olympics over Zika.
The 5 Riskiest Picks In The 2016 NBA Draft Tons of talent, but hardly certainties.
In Honor Of Skip Bayless' Final Day On 'First Take,' Let Us Remember His Hottest Take This is, and will always be, his \Moonlight Sonata.\
District Attorney Admits Exactly Why He's Dropping Charges Against 2 College Football Players Wow.
So Apparently Not All Russian Track Stars Are Banned From Rio IOC leaves opening for some athletes to compete at Olympics on appeal.
J.R. Smith Cried In A Postgame Tribute To His Father, And You Will Too No, you weren't chopping onions while watching this.
The 5 Safest Picks In The 2016 NBA Draft \Safe\ is a relative term, but these five players are as safe as it gets.
NBA Game 7 Score Cavs vs. Warriors
LeBron James Unanimously Wins The NBA Finals MVP He So Clearly Deserves \Cleveland, this is for you.\
Let Us Never Forget That A Flick Of The Balls Turned The NBA Finals LeBron James literally put his balls on the line for the city of Cleveland.
Warriors Face Off With Cavaliers In All-Or-Nothing Game 7 It's on.
The Father's Day Note I Wish I Wrote Years Ago Father\u2019s Day. My father turned 91 just a couple of weeks ago, and it has been almost two years since the last time he recognized
10 Things Steph Curry And Lebron James Fans Can Shut Up And Agree On Life is going pretty well for both Lebron and Steph. While living in two very different worlds both of these talented basketball stars have now garnered the attention of the entire world and there is no denying either of their talents.
World\u2019s Greatest Trash Talker Transforms Back Into Regular Rich Kid In the flick of a mouthguard.
Russia Cries Foul, Rest Of World Welcomes IAAF's Ban \We are extremely disappointed by the IAAF\u2019s decision, creating the unprecedented situation of a whole nation\u2019s track and field athletes being banned from the Olympics.\
Ayesha Curry Says Game 6 Of The NBA Finals Was 'Absolutely Rigged' Steph Curry's wife later deleted the comment, saying she'd reacted \in the heat of the moment.\
Everyone Is Wondering If Steph Curry Will Be Suspended For Game 7 Put on your conspiracy caps. It's going to be a wild ride.
Craig Sager Brings His A-Game To FaceTime Fellow Cancer Patient Sager took time from working his first NBA Finals game to reach out to an admirer.
LeBron James' 2015 Finals Was Legendary, But Nothing Compared To This Few thought James would ever top his 2015 performance. Turns out, he only needed a year.
Russia's Chances Of Competing In Rio 2016 Track And Field Rapidly Dwindling The world athletics\u2019 governing body just voted to maintain its doping ban.
Watch Every Feeling A Sports Fan Can Possibly Feel In Six Seconds Overcome.
Jayson Werth Gave The Funniest Postgame Interview We've Seen In A While If you thought Werth was too old, you can kiss his ...
Did An NFL Player Just Get Cut For Promoting Marijuana Over Pills? Marijuana advocate Eugene Monroe just lost his job with the Ravens.
British Gymnast Louis Smith Gets A Perfect 10 In Sexism D-score? Try D-bag.
Dave Mirra's Father Fights Back Tears Talking About His Son The late BMX star was inducted into the USA BMX Hall of Fame on Saturday.
Golden State Warriors Path To Championship Begins In Bed It's all about \ud83d\ude34.
Baylor Victim's Family Member Horrified By Push For Art Briles' Return \This is a very dirty place.\
Tampa Bay Rays Go All Out To Help Orlando Victims The goal
Anyone Want To Watch Bill Murray Get Sprayed With Champagne? The star got soaked after his baseball team secured a playoff berth.
Golfer's Two-Ball Trick Shot Makes Us Say You'll do a double-take.
Craig Sager Is Finally Going To Work His First NBA Finals Game A partnership between Turner Sports and ESPN allowed it to happen.
Here's How The Cavs Have Bottled Up Steph Curry The two-time reigning league MVP has seen his scoring and assists plummet during the finals.
Shaun Livingston Just Threw Down The Biggest Dunk Of The NBA Finals What knee injury?!
Let\u2019s All Cringe At Donald Trump Discussing Michael Sam\u2019s Kiss In 2014 \u201cBut I thought, when he ... you know, when -- when he was really going at it ...\
Even Stephen Colbert Is Ripping Steph Curry's Shoes \How much money do I have to donate to NPR\u2019s pledge drive to get them as a gift?\
NHL Chooses Las Vegas For Expansion Team However, the earliest any Sin City team could join the league would be the 2017-2018 campaign.
Polish And Irish Soccer Fans Shame Hooligans With Heartwarming Embrace This is what sport is all about.
Benchwarmer Hits Walk-Off Grand Slam To Send UCSB To College World Series \I still can't believe it,\ Sam Cohen said.
LeBron James Says Orlando Shooting Puts Importance Of Sports In Perspective \It's just a small matter of what reality really is.\
Contentious Peru Goal Knocks Brazil Out Of The Copa America Centenario Television pictures showed Peru's Raul Ruidiaz grinning after the goal had been awarded but the Brazilian players were apoplectic with rage.
Pittsburgh Penguins Defeat San Jose Sharks 3-1 To Claim The Stanley Cup With the victory, the Penguins clinched the best-of-seven championship series 4-2 for the franchise's fourth Stanley Cup and first since 2009.
SEC Sweeps NCAA Track & Field Titles It was another successful meet staged at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon as 43,419 fans attended the four-day event, including the third-highest NCAA Championship single day crowd of 12,947 on Saturday.
Russell Westbrook Withdraws From Olympics In Brazil Several other American basketball stars have opted out of the Olympics, but none so far have cited Zika as their reason.
LeBron Attempts To Pull An Iverson On Draymond Green, Fails Somehow, Tyronn Lue ends up on the losing end of this move again.
Rape Survivor's Son Petitions The NCAA To Ban Violent Athletes \The truth is that some rapists and criminals just happen to possess outstanding athletic ability.\
This Is What A Real Fan Looks Like Whatever happens, this fan has already won the NBA Finals.
LIVE Golden State Warriors face the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4 of the NBA Finals.
Creator Wins Belmont Stakes By A Nose Creator came from behind and won with a fierce charge in the final stretch.
A Guy With 'Trump Sucks' On His Chest Was Cuffed At The NBA Finals How long until the election is over?
I Was Pranked By Muhammed Ali In 1993, I was a page at NBC in New York. Most of the job was to give tours of the building and seat audiences at TV shows
Recent MLB Incidents Reveal Warped Ideas of Manhood in Sports The definition of manhood in our sports culture is archaic. It's as if SportsWorld has been frozen in time - Neanderthal time.
NFL Great Calvin Johnson Is Grossing Us Out With Surgery Photos Football took its toll on his mangled finger.
Watch This Fearless Stuntwoman Fly Over An Active Volcano For Roberta Mancino, the fiery flight was a dream come true.
Twitter Is Gleefully Slamming Stephen Curry's New Shoes \Targeting that emergency room nurse demographic.\
Snoop Dogg Rivals 50 Cent For Worst First Pitch At Padres vs. Braves Game Oof.
The NBA Seeks To Address A Spiking Problem With Heart Disease \u201cIt\u2019s scary. It\u2019s sad. It\u2019s tragic. It\u2019s tough.\
People Are Trying To Sell Tickets To Muhammad Ali's Funeral For $100 And Ali's family and friends are outraged.
Muhammad Ali's Grandson Shares The Last Piece Of Advice 'The Greatest' Gave Him And it was classic Ali.
Bill Simmons Admits He Was 'A Jackass' After Interview Simmons implied no one he respects still works at ESPN, then remembered many of his friends do.
Cam Newton Officially Declares 'The Dab' Dead R.I.P.
Cavaliers' Kyrie Irving And J.R. Smith Silence Golden State With Game 3 Heroics They silenced the critics as well, combining for 50 points as Cleveland cruised to victory.
Richard Sherman Wants Billionaires To Pay For Their Own Damn Stadiums Sherman said that'd be a top priority if he ever gets a desk in the Oval Office.
Bird With Golf Ball Manages To Be More Entertaining Than Golf This is how you go for a grand slam.
Maria Sharapova Maria Sharapova has been banned for two years by the International Tennis Federation after failing a drugs test.
A Violent Criminal's Athletic Record Doesn't Matter. End Of Story. It's time to stop giving a free pass to men who commit heinous acts.
Maria Sharapova Banned For Two Years For Doping Violation The five-time Grand Slam winner plans to fight the suspension.
Top Soccer Official Says Trump Presidency Would Hurt U.S. World Cup Bid \I think a co-hosted World Cup with Mexico would be trickier if Secretary Clinton isn't in the White House.\
Sean Rooks, NBA Coach And Former Player, Dead At 46 The ex-center collapsed in a restaurant after interviewing for the Knicks' assistant coaching job, reports say.
NBA Let Kia Ruin The Coolest NBA Dunk Ever Proposed The NBA would not allow Griffin to use the car of his choice for the 2011 Dunk Contest.
ESPN Host Says What You've Been Thinking About The Brock Turner Sentence \Does Brock's father or this judge understand that a woman was assaulted in this? At all?\
Report No, he's not dead, internet.
Serena Williams Has Perfected Her Argument Against The Wage Gap Preach, Serena. Preach.
Broncos Star Aqib Talib Shot At Night Club He's expected to make a full recovery.
A College Football Recruit Is Taking Violence Against Women More Seriously Than Mississippi State Once again, on-field results have trumped off-field considerations.
Steph Curry Bows Out Of Summer Olympics, Citing Injuries -- Not Zika He needs to focus, he says, on getting ready for the next NBA season.
Golden State Humiliates Cleveland In Game 2 Of The NBA Finals Draymond Green led the way as the Warriors cruised to a 33-point victory.
Novak Djokovic Wins French Open PARIS (Reuters) - Novak Djokovic joined the tennis greats on Sunday when he downed British second seed Andy Murray 3-6 6
Report The 74-year-old boxing legend was admitted to a hospital for respiratory issues earlier this week.
Don't Let Muhammad Ali's Story Get Whitewashed History says we'll try and forget the boxing legend's radicalism. We shouldn't.
Muhammad Ali's Death Met With Outpouring Of Remembrances R.I.P. to The Greatest.
The Exact Moment Muhammad Ali Silenced His Critics \Everybody stop talking now. Attention.\
5 Stories You Didn't Know About Muhammad Ali The boxing legend probably wasn't the greatest actor of all time, but he was on Broadway.
Muhammad Ali Risked It All When He Opposed The Vietnam War He chose his beliefs over his boxing career.
Muhammad Ali, Boxing Legend And Anti-War Icon, Dies At 74 The Greatest is gone.
Golden State v. Cleveland Cavaliers In NBA Finals Latest updates from Game 1 of the NBA Finals.
Steve Kerr Got Super Mad And Smashed His Whiteboard Like The Hulk R.I.P. that whiteboard.
Sources Muhammad Ali is hospitalized in the Phoenix area with what two people familiar with his condition say may be more serious
Shaun Livingston And Whoever Else Is On The Warriors Win Game 1 Of The NBA Finals Golden State's backup point guard had quite the podium game.
Vanderbilt University Freshman Pitcher Dies In Drowning Accident He'd been on a fishing trip with friends.
Ken Starr Interview Gets Really Awkward When A Certain Baylor Email Comes Up It's hard to watch someone change their mind -- twice -- about how to answer a simple question.
Game 1 Of The NBA Finals Devolved Into A Series Of Dick Jokes Delly grabbed Iggy\u2019s junk and the internet had a field day.
Donald Trump Thinks 'San Francisco' Is Playing In The NBA Finals \u201cYou have San Francisco playing the game tonight!\
11 Law Professors Say Tom Brady Is Right And The NFL Is Wrong They seriously doubt the commissioner's objectivity.
Lawrence Taylor's Wife, Lynette Taylor, Arrested For Alleged Attack On The NFL Legend \My husband is a 300-pound linebacker. I didn\u2019t hit him in the head.\
Meet The 2016 Olympics Refugee Team These are some of the most inspiring athletes coming to Rio.
Sepp Blatter And His FIFA Cronies Paid Themselves $80 Million The revelation comes after FIFA's offices were raided by Swiss investigators on Friday.
Cyclist Suffers Terrifying Fall At The Edge Of A Sheer Cliff Watch out!
Muhammad Ali Hospitalized With Respiratory Issue Few details were released about his current state of health.
Rachel Nichols Says ESPN Departures Made Way For More Diversity \Most are the faces that are coming to the forefront now are more diverse.\
Thousands Of NFL Players' Medical Records Stolen From Skins Trainer In late April, the NFL recently informed its players, a Skins athletic trainer\u2019s car was broken into. The thief took a backpack
Inconspicuous Man Shaquille O'Neal Was A Lyft Driver For A Day HMMM.
Ken Starr Resigns As Baylor Chancellor Amid Football Rape Scandal Starr, the university's president until last week, is stepping down as a \matter of conscience.\
Sacramento Kings' Darren Collison Arrested On Felony Domestic Violence Charge The league will be under pressure to respond swiftly and appropriately.
Tigers' Francisco Rodriguez Describes Fighting Zika Virus, And It Sounds Brutal \You don't have a cold for two weeks ... you don't have headaches, throwing up, weaknesses for two weeks.\
Kevin Durant Has Been Connected To A Comical Number Of NBA Teams Literally 90 percent of NBA fan bases have an article about Durant and their team.
A Cavs Fan Said He'd Eat His Shirt If The Warriors Won, So He Did Say what you will, but PARTYxDIRTYDAN is a man with integrity.
Christian Pulisic The tiny village of Tackley, eight miles north of Oxford, has probably not nurtured too many elite sportspeople, but it was
The Golden State Warriors Just Splashed Their Way To The NBA Finals And naturally it was Curry who led the way.
Bernie Sanders Spotted At The Golden State Warriors Game Weird coincidence.
Bethany Hamilton Pulls Off Huge Upset In Fiji Surf Competition The shark-attack survivor and new mom proves yet again that you can do whatever you set your mind to.
Rookie Alexander Rossi Wins The 100th Running Of The Indianapolis 500 \There were moments where I was stoked, moments where I were heartbroken, moments where I was stoked again. I need to see a psychiatrist after this.\
Zika Virus May Keep Pau Gasol From Competing In The Olympics The NBA All-Star is still deciding whether to go.
Mexican Soccer Star Rescued After Kidnapping The 25-year-old Mexico national team striker disappeared in his hometown on Saturday night, when he was intercepted by gunmen after leaving a party with his girlfriend.
Golden State Forces A Game 7 In Epic Come-From-Behind Victory Klay Thompson hit 11 threes to keep them in it. Then Stephen Curry woke up.
Real Madrid Win Title After Shootout Drama Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico on penalties to win the Champions League in Milan in a dramatic and fiercely-fought
Pelicans' Bryce Dejean-Jones Dies From Gunshot Wound Police allege a resident shot the 23-year-old guard after he broke into his apartment.
LeBron James Jr. Is Headed To A Sixth Straight NBA Finals A championship start to the summer.
Steph Curry The league MVP proved his worth in the closing minutes of the Warriors' Game 5 win.
The National Spelling Bee Was Actually Pretty L-I-T Dabs, Dez and \u201cdrahthaar.\u201d
The World\u2019s Greatest Crying Jordan Artist 
Marine Returns Home And Surprises 10-Year-Old Son At Bat They're all safe at home!
ISIS Has Euro 2016 In Its Sights, German Spy Chief Says Europe's biggest soccer tournament could be under threat.
125 Health Experts Call For Rio Olympics To Be Relocated Or Postponed The doctors, professors and scientists fear the Games will help Zika spread around the globe.
Tony Hawk Finally Gets To Show Gravity Who's Boss \Today we get to try some tricks that we've only ever dreamed about,\ the skateboarding legend said.
Jose Mourinho And Manchester United Agree Manager Deal A deal has been agreed for Jose Mourinho to become Manchester United's new manager, after three days of talks.
Baylor University Removes Kenneth Starr As President The football coach will also be terminated amid a sexual assault scandal.
James Jones And Teammate On Precipice Of Making Sixth Straight NBA Finals We are all witnesses.
Utah May Name Its New Pro Football Team 'Teamy McTeamface' The Internet is undefeated.
Area Man Yelling Courtside Is All Of Us During These NBA Playoffs He'd pull his hair out if he had any.
For All They've Been Through This Year, The Thunder Deserve This On-court hardship is nothing compared to what this team has dealt with.
Craig Sager Really Is The Living Embodiment Of Perseverance No one is more deserving of the Jimmy V Perseverance Award this year.
Steph Curry And The Warriors Looked Human In Game 4, So Of Course Twitter Went Wild Sorry, Riley.
Bismack Biyombo Has Become The Unlikely Answer To Raptors' Prayers The 23-year-old Congolese center has gone from reserve to shot-blocking, sterling starter.
Did Draymond Green Just Intentionally Take Down Another Thunder Player? D\u00e9j\u00e0 vu all over again.
There Are No Words To Describe This Little Steven Adams Fan But we will try. Oh, yes, we will try.
How Imani Boyette's Love For Basketball Helped Her Overcome Depression The WNBA player has faced depression since childhood.
Getting Off the T Train Before kickoff on game day, in NFL locker rooms all over the country, players wait in line to drop their pants. We call it
Shaquille O'Neal Doesn't Think We Need A Rule About 'Hack-A-Shaq' \They didn\u2019t change it for me, and I overcame it and won four championships.\
All Hail Bismack Biyombo! The 2015-2016 NBA Playoffs hero we deserve.
Serena Williams Hits Some Awesome Trick Shots In New Video She aces \the trust tricky shot\ and \the Palm Beach Swisher.\
NBA Says Draymond Green And Dahntay Jones Situations Are 'Completely Different' They involved the two shots to the midsection heard around the world.
Buffalo Bills GM Believes Humans Are Not Supposed To Play Football And the research indicates that he's right.
Bombshell Report \The NFL\u2019s interactions... fit a longstanding pattern of attempts to influence the scientific understanding of the consequences of repeated head trauma.\
The Thunder Finally Made The Great Warriors Feel Pretty Bummed In Game 3 As R.E.M. once said, \Everybody hurts.\
Congressional Report Lambasts NFL For Improper Influence Over Brain Study The NFL overreached in a major U.S. government research study on football and brain disease.
Draymond Green Kicks Steven Adams Where It Hurts The Most, Again Does Steven Adams need to wear a cup now?
The World's Fastest Blind Woman Has No Plans To Slow Down Terezinha Guilhermina chases greatness in Rio.
7 Times The NBA Suspended A Player For Doing What Draymond Green Did Sunday Night Let's see if the league gives the Golden State star the same treatment.
LeBron James Flopped So Hard That 'LMAO LeBron' Started Trending That's a long way for such a strong man to fall.
Dutch, Australian Climbers Die After Summiting Everest They are the first confirmed deaths on Everest of the year.
Sources A new strike zone could be on baseball's horizon and the old-fashioned intentional walk could be a thing of the past after
Preakness 2016 Unbeaten Nyquist is the favorite, and is looking to get another step closer to making horse racing history.
Sherpa Woman Who Works At A Connecticut 7-Eleven Just Climbed Everest For A Record Seventh Time She broke her own record for most summits by a woman.
Exaggerator Wins Preakness To End Nyquist's Triple Crown Run Race favorite Nyquist loses his chance at horse racing history.
Preakness Tragedy Horse deaths on the racetrack, while alarming, are surprisingly common.
Rethinking The Rooney Rule There have been growing pains as the NFL tries to implement the rule. But with the league on the right track, it\u2019s not time to slow down.
Badass Female Hurdler Finishes Final Collegiate Race After Rupturing Achilles She says she never really even thought about stopping. \ud83d\udc4f
Prince Used To Throw Pajama Parties At Magic Johnson\u2019s Movie Theater Magic's story is just classic Prince.
Hits To The Head That Don't Cause Concussions Can Still Hurt You They can bring about subtle but lingering changes in the eyes\u2019 ability to focus, according to new research.
Dean Foods Ex-Chairman, Pro Gambler Charged With Insider Trading Phil Mickelson named as a relief defendant in a civil lawsuit by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
James Dolan Saved The Knicks From Phil Jackson The worst owner in the NBA did the best thing, for once.
Historic Scottish Golf Course Votes Against Admitting Women Members Muirfield will be removed from the list of courses that host Britain's Open championship as a result.
Life Comes At You Fast. Or In This Case, Very, Very Slowly Ball is life, metaphorically speaking.
Teen Does More Pullups In A Day Than You'll Do In A Lifetime This unofficial world record really raises the bar.
Dikembe Mutombo Swears There's No NBA Draft Lottery Conspiracy Nobody believes him though.
The Puzzling Plummet Of RGIII Oct. 25, 2015. The final seconds tick down for a Washington Redskins 31-30 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Basketball Shot From A Skyscraper Will Be The HIGHlight Of Your Day It didn't swish, but who's quibbling.
Todd Gurley Talks His Health, Player Safety And Kobe \I didn't actually like Kobe at first,\ says the Rams' budding superstar.
Dikembe Mutombo Just \u2018Randomly\u2019 Congratulates 76ers On Winning Lottery Hours Early There is nothing to see here. Absolutely nothing at all.
How Does Draymond Green Take His Game To The Next Level? By Tuning In To The WNBA Playing \like a girl\ can be a very, very good thing.
All Hail This Amazing Thunder-Warriors NBA Playoff Series Winner *probably* takes all.
U.S. Opens Probe Into Russia Olympic Doping Prosecutors are believed to be pursuing conspiracy and fraud charges.
One Of Hip-Hop's Greatest Sports Mysteries Has Been Solved No, not that one, but it's still pretty good.
The First Ad On An NBA Jersey Doesn\u2019t Look Bad At All So far, the ads look nothing like NASCAR.
Blue Jays And Rangers Brawl After Rougned Odor Punches Jose Bautista In The Face OUCH!
Russian Sports Minister Begs For Doping Suspension To Be Lifted For Rio Russia's track and field athletes have been banned from competing.
Controlled Explosion Carried Out At Man Utd Stadium After Match Abandoned Nobody was hurt.
Barcelona Win La Liga With Win At Granada, Real Madrid Finish Second Barcelona have been crowned Primera Division champions for the 24th time after a Luis Suarez hat trick saw them to a 3-0
FIFA Auditor Domenico Scala Quits Over Group's New Powers Scala said he had been undermined a FIFA rule change.
'Miracle On Ice' Veteran Wants Congressional Scrutiny On NHL Concussions \I am hopeful Congress will turn the attention they have shown other sports leagues on this issue toward the NHL.\
E-Sports Organizations Are Going To Launch Governing Body For Pro Video Gaming Think of it as a FIFA for e-sports.
Hero Sports Anchor Drinks Pain Away On-Air After Caps' Season Ends \Got a message for all you kids out there ... Give up on your dreams.\
Seahawks' Ricardo Lockette Retires With Life-Threatening Neck Injury \I'd rather walk,\ the 29-year-old wide receiver said.
This Is Why You Don't Referee Drunk Two officials in the Czech Republic were banned after apparent drunken antics on the job.
FIFA Finally Appoints A Woman To A Key Position Fatma Samba Diouf Samoura is FIFA's new Secretary General.
James Harden's Gummy Beards Are Better Than Gummy Bears Never shave the weird beard.
Russian Insider Says State-Run Doping Fueled Olympic Gold \u201cAll athletes are like small children. They\u2019ll put anything you give them into their mouths.\u201d
Americans Want U.S. Soccer To Pay Women's Team Equally Rather than, you know, less than the men's team.
Rob Gronkowski Spikes His Way Onto Cover Of 'Madden 17' GRONK SPIKE!
Cal's Ryan Mason Throws The Most Precise Pitch You'll Ever See What an arm.
Nationals Pitcher Max Scherzer Ties MLB Record With 20 Strikeouts He struck out five Detroit batters three times each.
Serena Williams Found Out The Hard Way That You Shouldn\u2019t Eat Dog Food \I just ran to the toilet like I was going to pass out.\
High School Girls Relay Team Ditches Baton For High Jump Bar, Still Kicks Butt They set the bar pretty high for future meets.
Rich White Men Need To Stop Questioning Equal Pay In Tennis It's not always about you.
Riley Curry Upstages Steph During MVP Press Conference She's back!
ESPN To Have First Female Analyst Call Top Soccer Tournament On U.S. TV A former U.S. Women's National Team star will make history as part of ESPN's broadcast team for this summer's European Championships.
The Woman Who Made History By Running Iran's First International Marathon \u201cI wasn\u2019t trying to break any records. I wanted to show that I can run even with a hijab.\
There Are No Internet Headlines To Describe What Stephen Curry Just Did Even in the age of Internet hyperbole, Wardell leaves us speechless.
Paul Allen Looked Petrified During Steph Curry's Absurd Overtime Can someone check on Paul?
Bryce Harper Has 2 Words For Umpire Brian Knight, And They're Not Very Nice Stay classy.
Kerri Walsh Jennings Credits Sleep As Her Secret To Success -- On And Off The Court The triple Olympic gold medalist and mom of three balances beach volleyball with family life.
DraftKings And FanDuel Skip Out On Congressional Hearing Into Daily Fantasy Sports Their partners in major professional sports won't be there either.
Stephen Curry Is The First Unanimous MVP In NBA History The 28-year-old has cemented his place as the greatest shooter in the game.
Even Brazilian Icon Rivaldo Thinks We Should Stay Away From Rio 2016 \You\u2019ll be putting your life at risk here.\u201d
Mayweather Doesn\u2019t Shoot Down Possibility Of Fight With McGregor Fight of the century or a big joke?
Aroldis Chapman Never Gave The Apology He Should Have He apologized, but not for the right thing. And now he's back.
Bartolo Colon Hits First Career Home Run And Makes History Colon is now the oldest MLB player to hit his first career home run.
Pro Soccer Player Kicks Opponent In The Back During Stopped Play The kicked player was carried off the field in a stretcher.
Nyquist Wins Kentucky Derby To Stay Unbeaten Nyquist is a step closer to thoroughbred racing's highest honor, the Triple Crown.
UAB Running Back Greg Bryant Declared Brain Dead After Shooting (UPDATED) Bryant, a former Notre Dame player, was living in Miami and had  joined the Blazers in January.
Kelly Slater's Perfect Artificial Wave Could Change Everything About Surfing Even the pros are obsessed with this \freak of technology.\
Kentucky Derby Favorite Nyquist Looks To Follow American Pharoah Nyquist, the favorite heading into Saturday's race, is unbeaten.
Sandusky Case Bombshell As many as six assistant coaches at Penn State witnessed \inappropriate behavior\ between Jerry Sandusky and boys, stretching
Jose Altuve Knocks One Out Of The Park For Young Cancer Patient Shades of the Babe.
A Leicester City Fan Just Won $72,000, Courtesy Of Her Cool Boss \It's a miracle.\
A Donald Trump-Curt Schilling 2016 Ticket Makes Way Too Much Sense The odds are 12,000-to-1 that it happens, but that seems low.
Former Penn State Coach Joe Paterno Told Of Sex Abuse Decades Ago His former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is serving 30 to 60 years in state prison after being convicted of molesting 10 boys.
Pro Soccer Player Patrick Ekeng Dies After Collapsing During Match He reportedly was untreated at the stadium.
Do You Think Johnny Manziel Flipped Off A Judge Behind His Back? Let's hope he didn't do so on purpose.
Donald Trump Tends To Cheat During Golf, Oscar De La Hoya Says Little Marco. Lyin' Ted. Now, Cheating Donald?
The Future Of Stand-Up Paddleboarding Will Melt Your Brain What is this sorcery?
Toronto Raptors' Kyle Lowry Hits Half-Court Buzzer Beater Laser-guided Lowry!
Fifth-Grade Girl Flings Buzzer-Beater From The Other 3-Point Line Alexis with one hand. For three. BANG!
Freediver Breaks His Own World Record, Days After 'Terrible' Return To Surface William Trubridge descended to a record depth of 407 feet.
Draymond Green Short-Circuited Then Turned Off During Press Conference Does anyone have a Draymond charger?
Ex-49er Dana Stubblefield charged with raping disabled woman, he denies allegations SAN JOSE -- Former San Francisco 49er Dana Stubblefield was charged Monday with the rape of a \developmentally delayed\ woman
Veterans Of Warriors\u2019 Worst Team Recall Turmoil Before The Triumph \u201cWe were the doormat [of the NBA],\ Antawn Jamison said.
A Trainwreck Of Bad Refereeing Just Saved The NBA Playoffs The end to Thunder-Spurs was the best thing that could have happened.
The Most Inspiring Olympians Aren't Always The Ones Who Win Gold Medals For those from developing countries, the Olympics are about more than medals and glory.
MMA Fighter Falls Right To The Mat After Brutal Knockout \I knew he was gone once that front kick landed.\
Player Sucker-Punches Referee In Cheapest Of Cheap Shots \There's no possible defense for an assault of this kind.\
Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s Steering Wheel Popped Off And He Continued Racing Like A Boss \I just grabbed the shaft and steered the car that way,\ he later said of the scary incident.
Sports Legend Lou Holtz Endorses Donald Trump His reasoning
Watch Leicester City Players Celebrate The Greatest Upset In Sports History The Foxes were 5,000-to-1 longshots to win the English Premier League title.
Looks Like 'Space Jam 2' Is Actually Going To Happen And with apologies to Steph Curry, it'll star LeBron James.
Leicester City Draw At Manchester United To Move To Brink Of Title Leicester City must wait at least one more day for their first-ever Premier League title.
Marlins Dee Gordon Suspended For 80 Games For PEDs He will be  ineligible for post season play should the Marlins make it that far.
Luke Walton Hired As New Lakers Coach The Los Angeles team will be led by the youngest active coach in the NBA.
Chris Christie 'Would've Gone In And Cuffed' Laremy Tunsil Over Bong Video Since the president thing didn't work out, perhaps Christie can become the NFL's enforcer when his term as governor is up?
Black Cat Runs Onto Hockey Rink, Likely Dooming San Jose Sharks How's this for an omen.
Dallas Cowboys Draft Star Basketball Player Rico Gathers From rebounds to touchdowns.
Big Wave Surfing Finally Gives Women The Recognition They Deserve But the battle for gender equality in sponsorship deals continues.
Marlins 2B Dee Gordon Suspended 80 Games For PEDs Reigning NL batting champion Dee Gordon of the Miami Marlins was suspended 80 games for testing positive for a performance
Oklahoma City Thunder's Dilemma Is Very Real, But It Can Be Fixed Striking a healthy scoring balance has never been a strength for Kevin Durant or Russell Westbrook.
Johnny Manziel Nostalgically Watches NFL Draft At A Bar Before Justin Bieber Show Oh, what once was ...
Laremy Tunsil Shouldn\u2019t Be Decried For Needing Money To Pay His Mom\u2019s Gas Bill Let's be slower to damn and quicker to empathize.
LIVE Live updates from the 2016 NFL Draft. Quarterback Jared Goff was selected by the Los Angeles Rams with the first pick Thursday
18 Things We Learned About Nike By Reading Phil Knight's Memoir So that's why the boxes are orange.
Curt Schilling Says ESPN Has 'Some Of The Biggest Racists' On Air \If you wanted to go off-topic as a sports person you had to go off-topic left.\
Iggy Azalea Saved Nick Young From Getting A 'BORN REBLE' Tattoo Peak Swaggy P.
Washington's NFL Team Is In Desperate Need Of A History Lesson The owner who chose the team's controversial name was for 24 years considered \the leading racist in the NFL.\
Ezekiel Elliott Nails His Red Carpet Look ABSolutely stunning.
These Men Finally Understand How Bad Women Have It In Sports Media Female sportswriters face a unique strain of harassment.
Why Jake Plummer And Other NFL Players Are Pushing For Research On Cannabidiol They believe CBD could be an alternative to potent painkillers used throughout the league.
Johnny Manziel Officially Indicted In Assault Case (UPDATE) The embattled football player is accused of assaulting his ex-girlfriend.
NFL Should Focus Attention On Domestic Violence, Not \u2018Deflategate,\u2019 Massachusetts AG Argues Deflated balls are not as important as women's safety.
Donald Trump \Leave Tom Brady alone!\
NBA Reporter Who Asked Draymond Green Question About Floods Fired The reporter asked Green to compare the series to recent flooding in Houston.
Yankees' Jacoby Ellsbury Steals Home And Drops Jaws Sometimes you just gotta go for it.
FIFA, Human Rights and Politics World soccer body FIFA's creation of a watchdog to monitor the living and working conditions of migrant labour employed on World Cup 2022-related construction sites constitutes the second time in a month that Qatar has been warned that it needs to demonstrate sincerity in its reform of the Gulf state's controversial labour system.
Youth Baseball Coaches Brawl, Learn Sportsmanship The Hard Way It was all over a player switch.
The Rockets Looked, Uh, Unenthused After Harden Hit The Game-Winner Especially Dwight Howard.
USWNT Lawyer Says U.S. Soccer Distorted Pay Numbers The federation is \comparing soccer balls to beach balls\ in pushing back against the women's equal pay complaint, the lawyer said.
Former ESPN Analyst Curt Schilling The former All-Star pitcher opens up on SiriusXM about his recent firing from ESPN.
The Secret History Of Tiger Woods The death of his father set a battle raging inside him. How he waged that war is the tale of how Tiger lost his way.
NBA Says It Might Pull All-Star Game From North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Law The commissioner says playing the game there would be \problematic\ for the league.
Debunking 3 Massive Misconceptions About The Spurs The Warriors aren't the only record-breaking team worth watching.
Some Young Spurs Fan Dabbed 38 Times In A Single Playoff Game Never change, young man. Never change.
Chicago Blackhawks Player Andrew Shaw Apologizes For Homophobic Tantrum \I know my words were hurtful and I will learn from my mistake.\
EspnW Can't Have A Comments Section Because The Internet Is Awful The women\u2019s sports website killed its comments section months ago.
Nike Ends Johnny Manziel Endorsement Deal The move was made sometime after the 2015 season ended.
UFC Pulls Conor McGregor From Nate Diaz Rematch The move came hours after McGregor tweeted he would \retire young.\
The Rise And Fall Of Rafael Palmeiro He\u2019s sitting with a North Carolina State hat dipped downward. He\u2019s aged well. Still handsome, the black mustache of his playing
Gymnastics Coach Deserves A Perfect 10 For Saving Athlete After Uneven Bars Slip You'll flip over this, too.
Will Smith Shooting Scene Witness Shocked By Alleged Shooter Cardell Hayes' Calm Behavior Another person who saw the aftermath of the shooting that took former New Orleans Saints player Will Smith\u2019s life April 9
Lemi Berhanu Hayle, Atsede Baysa Win The 2016 Boston Marathon The race is the world's oldest annual marathon.
This Richard Sherman Fan Met Waka Flocka And It Got Awkward Fast \Sup, Richard Sherman?\
C.J. McCollum Won't Stop Working, On And Off The Court From unheralded recruit and small-school phenom to NBA star.
Serena Williams Takes Badass To New Levels In He-Man Costume So, so fierce.
This Behind-The-Back Bunt Almost Doesn't Make Sense At First But it's worth watching until your brain can comprehend it.
Listen To Audio Of Hulk Hogan's Racist Rant In the months after\u00a0The National Enquirer broke the story\u00a0that one of two Hulk Hogan/Heather Clem sex tapes not sent to Gawker
Loaded Handgun Found Inside Car Of Slain NFL Star Will Smith Investigators were still trying to determine whether the shooting was a case of road rage or whether there was some other motive.
This Unreal Frisbee Play Is The Ultimate Catch That's the way the pros do it.
Tiger Woods On Turning 40 And His Private Struggles Tiger Woods was raised to be a champion. Groomed by a father who put a golf club in his hands before he could walk, Woods
How Andre Iguodala Fixed His Sleep Game The NBA All-Star talks about how sleep became central to his daily routine.
High School Girls Busted After Hiring Male Stripper For Swimming Banquet And this wasn't the first time it's happened.
Sean Payton Speaks Out Against Guns In Wake Of Ex-NFLer Will Smith\u2019s Death \That\u2019s some silly stuff we're hanging on to.\
Nearly Half Of Living NFL Veterans Show Signs Of Brain Injury Up until last month, the NFL had denied any link at all between football and brain injuries.
Watch The Warriors have done it.
Cardale Jones Just Tore Into The NCAA For Exploiting Its Athletes \It's deeper than athletes thinking we should get paid.\
Kobe Bryant Feuds With Michael B. Jordan In Spot-On Apple TV Ad \There\u2019s no decline -- it\u2019s all ascension!\
Golf Sensation Jordan Spieth Loses Masters After Horrible Meltdown; Danny Willett Wins Willett is only the second Englishman to win the coveted Green Jacket.
Steph Curry Threw 5 Eye-Popping Passes In One Quarter Last Night He made the Spurs look foolish time and time again.
Buffalo Bills' A.J. Tarpley Retires From NFL At Age 23, Citing Concussions More and more players have been quitting pro football because of health fears.
Ernie Els Has Historically Terrible Start To Masters With Quintuple Bogey Painful to watch.
The Very Best Twitter Jokes About Sam Hinkie's 13-Page Resignation Letter \Sad when resignation has more pages than the team has wins.\
Just Because Greg Hardy Was Nice Doesn\u2019t Mean He\u2019s A Changed Man His recent sit-down with ESPN was not indicative of anything.
After 30 Years, This Gay Olympian Is Getting The Recognition He Deserves Sometimes when the Internet speaks, the big corporations listen.\u00a0Consider the case of Greg Louganis, the award-winning Olympic
State Attorney General Calls Fantasy Sports 'Illegal Gambling' Tennessee is the latest legislature to address the issue, as it looks to tackle gambling laws.
University Admits Chocolate Milk Doesn\u2019t Alleviate Effects Of Concussions Got facts?
Bryce Harper Wore A Very Good Hat \MAKE BASEBALL FUN AGAIN.\
Arianna Highlights Pro Athletes Who Have Improved Their Game Thanks To Sleep Star players like Andre Iguodala and Roger Federer rely on rest to perform their best on game day.
Charles Barkley Did The Funniest Little Dance After Villanova Won But the dramatic finish of the NCAA title game isn't every TV analyst's cup of tea.
Michael Jordan Watched UNC Lose The NCAA Title Game, And, Well, You Know The Internet just lost its mind.
The 9 Best Videos Of People Losing It After Villanova\u2019s Game-Winner Total madness.
Stop What You\u2019re Doing And Watch The Currys Turn Up With Michelle Obama BRB, watching on loop forever.
Beware, College Hoops Fans Break out the tissues -- we\u2019re looking at you, Michigan State.
U.S. Men's Soccer Players Skewer Abby Wambach On Twitter Following DUI Wambach was arrested in Oregon on Saturday after failing a field sobriety test.
John Oliver Sticks It To 'A**hole' Yankees By Selling 25-Cent Tickets John Oliver is baseball's Robin Hood.
Greg Hardy Unapologetically Denies Domestic Abuse Allegations Photos of his bruised ex-girlfriend suggest otherwise.
Yao Ming Has Doubters, But He\u2019s Unquestionably A Hall Of Famer The dominant \Great Wall Of Yao\ provided a bridge to the NBA's future.
Keith Olbermann Reveals What Forced Him To Leave Trump Tower The veteran broadcaster moved out of a Manhattan building owned by the GOP front-runner.
Academically Sketchy Program Defeats Academically Sketchy Program, 83-66 UNC beat Syracuse in a basketball game fair and square.
Internet Decides Dominant Villanova Is Not Killing Men\u2019s Basketball They won by 44 in the Final Four, but the sanctity of the game is still safe.
U.S. Women's Soccer Star Abby Wambach Arrested For DUI \I promise that I will do whatever it takes to ensure that my horrible mistake is never repeated.\
Taylor Teagarden, Named In The Al Jazeera Report, Suspended 80 Games By Major League Baseball Major League Baseball just announced that free agent catcher Taylor Teagarden has received an 80-game suspension without
British Crew Member Dies During Round The World Yacht Race Sarah Young was swept overboard in strong winds.
Paying Women's Soccer Players Fairly Doesn't Even Begin To Rectify The Discrimination Problem Fairness starts with investment. And that\u2019s true across all professional sports.
10 March Madness Stars Who Improved NBA Draft Stock The Most These prospects have shined during the NCAA Tournament.
This Is The Greatest Team Celebration You'll See All Year WARNING
This Weightlifting Blooper Was Funny -- But We All Missed The Bigger Picture \Break records?? Who cares. Break a window?? NEWS WORTHY.\
The Internet Can't Get Enough Of The Freakiest Game Ending Ever Ball is stuck on the rim, stuck in time.
Nitwit With The Best March Madness Bracket Didn't Pick A Winner \ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude29
How Each Final Four Team Could Win The National Championship Because seeding no longer predicts winners.
This Is, By Far, The Most Humiliating Posterization Of All Time The dunker literally took a piggyback ride afterward.
Stephen Curry Knew Exactly What To Say To Craig Sager Last Night \Seeing you and doing what you\u2019re doing, we\u2019ve got no excuses.\
5 Dominant Basketball Teams That Weren't Accused Of Ruining The Sport Hmmm, what do all these teams have in common that UConn doesn't?
USWNT Stars Lead The Way In Concussion Research For Female Athletes Their brain donations will help advance limited research on how concussions affect women.
Belgian Soccer Team Honors Brussels Bombing Victims With Special Tribute Jersey The team remembered victims of the attacks during a match against Portugal.
How The NFL Uses Marijuana To Hide Its Painkiller Problem The NFL will happily suspend stoners to distract the public from its real drug problem
Here's The NHL Privately Discussing The Concussion Problem It Has Publicly Denied It took just eight words
Young Fan Runs Onto Court To Give Carmelo Anthony A Hug Technical foul?
Shirley Webb, 78, Deadlifts 225 Pounds Like It's Nothing \I'm glad that people are getting inspired,\ she said.
Here\u2019s What It Looks Like To Have A Ronaldo Kick Fly At Your Face The fan called this moment an \awesome memory.\
UNC downs Notre Dame to make Final Four as lone No. 1 seed UNC downs Notre Dame to make Final Four as lone No. 1 seed
What Sets Buddy Hield\u2019s March Madness Run Apart Yes, even from Steph Curry\u2019s.
30-Year-Old NFL Player Cites Concussion Concerns In Retirement Note Husain Abdullah's words come just two weeks after the NFL admitted a link between head trauma and CTE.
The Coolest Part Of This Clippers Game-Winner Isn't Even The Shot Now that was definitely Chris, not Cliff, Paul.
NFL Gets Aggressive In Disputing New York Times Concussion Article The league ran ads on the New York Times website alongside the article in question.
LeBron James Is Sick Of The Cleveland Cavaliers' S**t All is not well in LeBron\u2019s kingdom.
An Amazing Thing Happens When A Golf Drive Hits An Axe Did you guess?
Watch A Playful Dolphin Totally Steal This Surfer's Thunder Respect the locals.
NFL Used Deeply Flawed Data To Deny Link To Concussions The National Football League was on the clock.
Admon Gilder's Parents Left Before Texas A&M\u2019s Historic Comeback \They watched the double overtime in the car on the way back to Dallas.\
ESPN Welcomes Curt Schilling Back Even After His Disturbing Hillary Clinton Comments The former MLB pitcher said Clinton \should be buried under a jail somewhere.\
Goodbye To Johan Cruyff, The Man Who Invented Modern Soccer If you love soccer, it's probably because of Cruyff's influence.
You Won't Believe How Nike Lost Steph To Under Armour It's Oct. 7, 2015, and the Cavs are hosting the Hawks in Cincinnati.\u00a0It's the NBA preseason, a nothing game, really -- save
A-Rod To Retire At End Of 2017 Season NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) \u2014 Alex Rodriguez is going to call it quits after his contract ends.
Jerome Bettis Says Series Of Early Retirements Should Worry NFL The Hall of Famer also wants the league to take better care of its former players.
Meet The Devastated Parents Who Want To Save Football From Itself \In order to change the culture, you need to make drastic rule changes ... Changing football is something that keeps Tom alive.\
Linsanity Returned For A Night And I Couldn't Be Happier Nelly couldn\u2019t be, either.
Darren Sharper Faces 20 Years In Prison Under Plea Deal Judge Jane Triche Milazzo rejected the original plea arrangement, saying the proposed nine-year prison sentence was too lenient.
Serena Williams Smacks Down Novak Djokovic And His Sexist Drivel \I wouldn\u2019t say that my son deserves more because he is a man.\
Bill Murray Was Sadness Personified After Wisconsin Won On Sunday And Frank Kaminsky was happiness.
Richard Sherman Wants 'Suits' To Stop Making Catch Rule Changes Unfortunately, the NFL has already tried Sherman's plan (and failed).
World Cup Hero Tim Howard Opens Up About His Return To Major League Soccer \u201cIt\u2019s hard to express in such a short period of time the raw emotion that goes into a decision such as this one.\
The 2016 March Madness Schedule For Saturday And Sunday's Games Watch live as your brackets bust.
Watch Northern Iowa survived and advanced.
Havana's Forgotten Baseball Team Played A Key Role In U.S.-Cuba Relations Once the Sugar Kings were relocated, \everything went to hell.\
Northern Iowa Beats Texas On Insane Buzzer-Beater Welcome to March Madness.
The Funniest Things That Have Happened During March Madness So Far A running list.
Tray Walker, Baltimore Ravens Cornerback, Dies After Dirt Bike Crash He was just 23 years old.
We\u2019ve All Been This Adorable Crying Dayton Fan With A Cute Little Hat In other words, we feel you, kiddo.
Michigan State Gets Mercilessly Mocked After Their Historic Defeat The Michael Jordan crying meme dominated the Spartans.
The Wichita State Mascot Looks Like Donald Trump And It\u2019s Freaking Us Out SAD.
Baylor Player Has The Perfect Response To The Dumbest Question Mic drop.
If Ted Cruz And Grayson Allen Swap Faces, Something Amazing Happens Nothing whatsoever.
Even Siri Knows How Sad The Cleveland Browns Are Siri's got jokes.
Here Is President Obama's 2016 March Madness Bracket Like everyone else who fill out a bracket, he will probably be completely wrong.
What\u2019s Happening At Cal Shows The Crap Female Reporters Deal With If true, this is a classic example of a far-too-common abuse of power.
Drew Brees Has A Dream He'd Like To Sell You With the Saints QB leading the way, AdvoCare is using its sports ties to build a nutrition empire. But is the company really pushing false hope?
We Can\u2019t Say Drake Caused This 5-Second Violation, But We Can\u2019t Say He Didn\u2019t Either This is not to get confused
Here's Your Chance To Attend Kobe Bryant's Last Game Or you could pay $700 for nosebleed seats.
Everyone Should Celebrate Stripping Roger Goodell Of Disciplinary Power But no one more so than Roger Goodell.
17 Names You Don't Know Now But Will By The End Of March Madness They may not be household names yet, but the magic of March can change that.
Ex-Yale Basketball Captain To Sue University After Being Expelled Over Sexual Misconduct Allegation \We strongly believe that the decision to expel Jack Montague was wrong, unfairly determined, arbitrary, and excessive by any rational measure.\
28 Reasons Why We Love Steph Curry In Honor Of His 28th Birthday No. 30 is the best both on and off the court.
Field set for the 2016 NCAA tournament March madness is here. The field is set for the 2016 NCAA tournament, and the entire field was announced during Sunday night\u2019s
Escaped Bull Runs Onto Soccer Field, Charges At Players Incredibly, no one was injured.
Cristiano Ronaldo Snaps Family Photo To Bring Attention To Syrian War Ronaldo shared a photo of a soccer-loving Syrian boy who was so traumatized by the war he allegedly stopped speaking.
Nate Robinson Plans To Play In NFL, But It's No Slam Dunk Talk about a game-changer.
The Cleveland Browns Have Finally Released Johnny Manziel The Browns selected Manziel 22nd overall in the 2014 NFL draft.
Analyze This The disparity between NBA data \u2014 even data across all male sports \u2014 and WNBA data is glaring. Data for the WNBA is relegated
Female Sportscasters Reveal Their Own Harassment Woes Even before revelations that the reporter Erin Andrews was secretly videotaped naked by a stalker in a hotel room in 2008
This Is How You Score A Goal From A Skyscraper Nothing like help from above.
Reports Rumors had swirled around campus after Jack Montague's abrupt departure from the team in February.
This Sound Bite Of A Boston College Senior Sounds Funny, But Is Actually Kind Of Sad Let the big man cry in peace.
The NHL Should Not Make Definitive Statements About Their Rape Investigations \The NHL has concluded that the allegations made against Kane were unfounded.\
Erin Andrews Took A Stand For Women Everywhere, And The Jury Noticed \She did it, I think, out of principle,\ one juror said.
World's Top Women Soccer Players Still Getting Second-Class Treatment An extra helping of inequality, just in time for International Women's Day.
Virginia Just Became The First State To Regulate DraftKings And FanDuel The new rules will provide at least some oversight of the scandal-plagued daily fantasy sports industry.
Olympic Committee Tells Athletes They Can Skip Rio Games Over Zika Fear BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. \u2014 The United States Olympic Committee will provide its athletes with guidance and information about
Nike 'Suspends Relationship' With Sharapova After Failed Drug Test The world's largest sportswear maker released a statement saying it was putting ties on hold.
Isaiah Thomas On His Unlikely Path To NBA Stardom The former Pac-10 Freshman of the Year is also the shortest player in NBA history to ever record a triple-double.
The Biggest Dog Sledding Race In The World Is Having Major Problems. You Already Know Why OK, climate change, this really isn't cool anymore.
Real American Hero Saves Kid From Getting Bat To The Face M-V-P. M-V-P. M-V-P.
MLB To Announce Partnership With LGBT Chamber Of Commerce LGBT-owned businesses will get \an equal seat at the table.\
Peyton Manning Bids The NFL An Emotional Farewell \God bless all of you. And God bless football.\
Erin Andrews Awarded $55 Million In Peeping Tom Lawsuit The sportscaster had sued over a video shot of her through a hotel room peephole.
Jaguars' Defensive Back Earl Wolff Was Allegedly Kidnapped By Gunmen The 26-year-old was visiting friends in North Carolina last month when he was taken hostage, according to a police report.
Peyton Manning Will Announce Retirement On Monday By Frank Pingue (Reuters) - Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning will announce his retirement from the NFL at a news
After Eli Apple, The NFL Must Kick Homophobia Out Of Football The league has a chance to respond to anti-gay discrimination with an actual punishment.
Mason Madness \When there\u2019s no fear in a team or trepidation, that\u2019s when things like that happen.\
8 Plays That Prove The Warriors And Thunder Should Match Up Every Night Thursday was the must-see rematch. So here are the must-see replays.
Millennials Want The Washington Football Team To Change Its Name But the support plummets when you consider those over age 29.
Watch Surfers Get Demolished On The Sport's Most Beautiful And Dangerous Wave You won't be able to look away.
An NFL Assistant Coach's First Question For A Prospect The league says it will investigate the \clearly inappropriate\ incident.
Hassan Whiteside's Sensational Journey To The NBA Was Worth The Wait Multiple pit stops in the D-League, China and Lebanon failed to derail the 26-year-old center.
Meet George Mumford, The NBA's Mindfulness Whisperer Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal have more in common than just championship rings.
Our Long National Deflategate Nightmare Is Back With A Vengeance NOOOOOOO.
Kam Chancellor Got The Cops Called On Him For Looking At A Gym \They told the cops I was trying to rob the place because I was looking into the glass asking for help.\
Donald Trump Says Tom Brady Helped Him Win Massachusetts Primary Because of course he did.
Tampa Bay Rays To Play In Cuba During President Obama Visit This will be first time an MLB team plays in Cuba since 1999.
An Interview with Allen Iverson, The Realest Hall of Famer Talking NBA style, playing rappers in HORSE, and dropping racks at TGI Friday's with the pound-for-pound G.O.A.T.
Aroldis Chapman Becomes First MLB Player Ever Suspended For Domestic Abuse The pitcher will not appeal the decision.
Yoenis Cespedes Goes Old Western And Rides Horse To Work The Mets outfielder went from Lamborghini to horseback.
Erin Andrews Breaks Down Talking About People Who Thought Nude Video Was A Publicity Stunt She says ESPN forced her to relive the trauma with a sit-down interview.
Ivy League Moves To Eliminate Tackling At Football Practices \u201cIt hasn\u2019t hurt our level of play,\u201d Dartmouth coach Buddy Teevens said. \u201cIt\u2019s actually made us a better team.\u201d
Cute Kid Shoots The Sh*t With Andre Drummond On Bench During Game This kid will be an Andre Drummond fan for life.
The Cleveland Cavaliers Are No Longer Championship Contenders Despite the excitement over the Tyronn Lue hire, Cleveland has limped to an 11-6 record under its new head coach.
Report His Bronc riding days are over; the last rodeo is done. Peyton Manning is saying goodbye; it's been lots of fun. I'm told
Steph Curry Nails Record-Breaking, Game-Winning 3 From 35 Feet Out WE ARE NOT WORTHY!
FIFA Passes Reform Package In Bid To Shake Off Scandals They are the deepest reforms in its 112-year history.
Grayson Allen Officially Becomes Villain After Tripping Opponent This is the second player the Duke guard tripped this month.
An Ode To Stephen Curry's Ridiculous Range After Thursday's 51-Point Outburst He's more efficient from around 28 feet than any of us could ever be from 2.8 feet.
Erin Andrews Has Emotional Day In Court Before Jurors View Nude Video A computer expert testified that the images, taken without her permission in hotel rooms, were seen nearly 17 million times.
New Documents Reveal Details Of Unprosecuted Tennessee Football Rape Case \u201cI didn\u2019t understand how they would take his side just because he was a football player.\u201d
Two-Thirds Of Soccer Fans Worldwide Want More Women In Charge At FIFA A new survey also finds that FIFA's corruption scandal has dampened enthusiasm for the sport.
Warriors Coach Steve Kerr Says More Gay Athletes Need To Come Out \It's still not where it needs to be in terms of total acceptance.\
Peyton Barber Declares For NFL Draft To Help His Homeless Mom \Right now, she's staying with my sister. It's her and her three kids staying in an apartment back home.\
Don't Believe The Derrick Rose Hype The former NBA MVP has played very well of late, but it's an aberration more than anything else.
'Trump' Chant Used To Intimidate Latino High School Athletes Why is this not surprising?
Dallas Police Dallas police announced Thursday that the investigation involving an incident between Johnny Manziel and his ex-girlfriend
Kobe Bryant Applies Lip Balm While Essentially Being Compared To Sociopath \They're all true, every single one of them.\
Hometown Hero Larry Holmes Steps Out From Muhammad Ali's Shadow Underrated but quietly one of the greatest.
Hilariously Angry Courtside Fan Screams 'JUST SUCK IT UP, LEBRON' Unlike previous courtside fans, this woman showed no fear.
Thrilling Daytona 500 Finish A Major Win For Hamlin, NASCAR The official margin of victory is .0010 seconds, a figure that was rounded down from .0011, which was the number that the
Sports Writer Shares Racist Letter About Cam Newton \ ... Do yourself a favor and stay away from them as much as possible.\
Former WWE Star Calls Manny Pacquiao 'F***ing Idiot' For Anti-Gay Rhetoric \If anyone called my mother an animal, I'd stick my foot in his ass.\
5 Athletes Who Announced Their Retirement In Memorable Fashion 
Monty Williams Asks For Prayers For The Woman Who Killed His Wife \We hold no ill will toward the Donaldson family.\
The 23 Best Reactions To This Very Awkward Photo Of Blake Griffin NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
Jared Allen Announces Retirement Like He's In A Classic Western Film The defensive end played his final season for the Carolina Panthers.
Metta World Peace Hopes To Destigmatize Mental Health Among Athletes \I don't feel bad about telling somebody I see a psychologist.\
Texas Tech Fans' Frenzied Celebration May Have Just Stolen The Win For Their Team Oops?
Manny Pacquiao Continues To Spew Homophobic Trash After Nike Cuts Ties The boxer won't back away from his recent anti-gay remarks.
It's Michael Jordan's Birthday! Here Are 100 Incredible Photos. Unstoppable on offense at the basket or on the perimeter, Michael Jordan was a 14-time All-Star, nine-time all-defensive
Duke Student Goes Undercover To Dupe UNC Students Into Praising Hated Rivals Poor, poor kids.
White Sox Wish Mediocre Former Minor Leaguer A Happy Birthday Has anyone even heard of this guy?
'From Mid-Range He Could Kill You' Every winter Wednesday night in late 1970s Burlington, Vermont, a small group of men met at the gym behind St Anthony\u2019s Catholic
Erin Andrews On The Problematic Double-Standard Between Male And Female Sportscasters The Fox Sports host says the way she's treated sometimes makes her \salty.\
This Is The Last Time We\u2019ll Ever Be Able To Scream About Roger Goodell\u2019s Paycheck So let's do it right
Tim Tebow Holds More Than 200 Proms For People With Special Needs And Tebow showed up to one in New York, too.
Kobe Bryant Signs Stephen Curry's Jersey After All-Star Game Game recognize game.
Russell Westbrook Leads West To Yet Another High-Scoring All-Star Game Victory Sunday marked the first time a player nabbed consecutive All-Star MVP honors since Bob Pettit in the 1950's.
Can You Spot What\u2019s Wrong With The Memphis Grizzlies\u2019 Valentine\u2019s Day Graphic? Matt Barnes as your poster boy for love -- really?!
11 Moments From The 2016 All-Star Game That Showcase What We Love About The NBA From Kobe to the King and Pop to Pau, Sunday's contest was one for the ages.
Shaun King Thirteen years ago, USA Today obtained 74 pages of explosive court documents on Peyton Manning, Archie Manning, the University
Nic Lamb Wins Mavericks Big-Wave Surf Contest The waves were \Mount Everest meets Niagara Falls,\ he said.
Autopsy Reveals That Former NHL Player Todd Ewen Did Not Have CTE The results raise even more questions about why certain athletes get the brain disease and others do not.
A Bunch Of Strange Things Just Went Down At NBA All-Star Media Day Hold up, did Gregg Popovich just giggle?
Cam Newton Thanks Panthers Fans After NFC Championship Season \This season has been an incredible journey.\
New York Mets Pitcher Jenrry Mejia Permanently Suspended By MLB New York Mets relief pitcher Jenrry Mejia has been permanently suspended by Major League Baseball for his third performance
8-Year-Old Writes Adorable Letter To Make Cam Newton Feel Better \Dear Cam Newton, I'm sorry you lost, but here is a paper trofy.\
NBA Players Mourn The Loss Of 'Angel' Ingrid Williams One Day After Her Death Rest in peace, Ingrid.
Even Peyton Manning's Father Says We All Need To Give Cam Newton A Break Archie said he feels for the young quarterback, knowing just how much a loss like this can hurt.
Watch Peyton Manning And Magic Johnson Play 'Egg Russian Roulette' This game got really messy.
Wife Of Thunder Assistant Monty Williams Dies In Car Accident The wife of Oklahoma City Thunder assistant Monty Williams, Ingrid, died Wednesday after suffering injuries during an automobile
Football Legend Joe Namath Might Donate His Brain For Research Namath has said his interest in neurological research was sparked by the suicide of ex-NFL star Junior Seau.
5 Bold Predictions For The Second Half Of The NBA Season Should the Cavs give up on Kevin Love and will the Warriors and Spurs make history together?
LeBron Commemorates Kobe's Career By Rifling Pass At D'Angelo Russell's Groin What a touching tribute.
A Brief History of The 2016 Presidential Candidates Playing Sports Were they really playing for the love of the game?
Chad Johnson Says He Soaked Sore Ankles In Teammates' Urine That's disgusting, Ochocinco.
Fox Cuts Value Of DraftKings Stake By 60 Percent Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. has marked down the value of its $160 million investment in DraftKings Inc. by about 60 percent
Bernie Sanders' Jumpshot Is More Impressive Than His Primary Win This gives \Feeling the Bern\ a brand new meaning.
What Happens If A Goalie Has To Go To The Bathroom? Unlike his fellow NHL players who tailor their game day meals with an eye on fuel and nutrition, Capitals goaltender Braden
Gregg Popovich Had The Best Reaction To The New Hampshire Primaries Us too, Pop.
Watch The Incredible Moment When A Student With Down Syndrome Hit A Big Three This kind of story reminds us how powerful sports can be.
Young Fan Hopes To Heal Cam Newton's Broken Heart With Her Own Trophy Aww!
Eli Manning Explains His Epic Blank Expression From Super Bowl 50 And even he has found humor in the Internet's response.
Peyton Manning Still Won't Tell Us If He\u2019s Retiring, Even After Super Bowl \u201cI\u2019ll take some time to reflect.\
Marshawn Lynch Looks Like He\u2019s Quite Literally Hanging It Up He will no longer be there to not get fined.
Tom Brady Isn\u2019t Even Playing In Super Bowl 50 And He Still Got Booed Haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate.
Steve Harvey Is Still Milking His Miss Universe F**kup In T-Mobile Super Bowl Commercial This is how you cash in on a massive mistake.
Denver Broncos Win Super Bowl 50 The Broncos defense shut down Carolina's offense to seal the Super Bowl win.
This Is The Play That'll Give Panthers Fans Nightmares All Offseason Von Miller, you the real MVP. No, like really.
Audi Claims They Planned Use Of David Bowie Song Before His Death The company already had the idea in the works before the singer\u2019s Jan. 10 death.
The Best Vines From Super Bowl 50 Super Bowl 50 was low-scoring, but if you spent most of your night watching these six-second Vines, it wasn\u2019t so bad!
Even An Astronaut In Space Is Watching The Super Bowl We are not alone.
Beyonc\u00e9 Paid Subtle Homage To Michael Jackson During The Super Bowl Slay, okay. Slay.
Eli Manning Looked Sad Last Night And The Internet Had A Field Day \Pretty sure Eli had money on the Panthers.\
Key & Peele Comment On The Most Outrageous End Zone Celebrations \You just cannot eat the ball at this level of play.\
Johnny Manziel Ruptured His Ex's Eardrum In Fight Dallas Police have reopened their investigation into Manziel.
Super Bowl Ad Uses Footage Of 9/11 To Sell Historical Vacation No.
Broncos' Aqib Talib Hilariously Wipes Out During Postgame Interview \I came in too hot!\u201d
U.S. Olympic Committee Tells Athletes To Consider Not Attending Rio Games Over Zika Virus No one should compete in Brazil if they don't feel comfortable going, Olympics officials say.
Stephen Curry Started Off Super Bowl 50 With A Literal Bang #KeepPounding
Top 10 Storylines To Watch For In Super Bowl 50 The Denver Broncos are in search of their third Super Bowl win. The Carolina Panthers are hunting for their first.
Panthers Quarterback Cam Newton Wins NFL MVP Did you expect anything else?
Betty White Won The Super Bowl Before It Even Started Dab on 'em, Betty.
Super Bowl 50 Box Score Bronocs take on the Panthers at Levi's Stadium for Super Bowl 50.
The 2016 Super Bowl Commercials You Need To See Dogs dressed up as hot dogs, Drake and more.
Lady Gaga Belts Out The National Anthem At Super Bowl 50 Sing it, Gaga!
My Father, the Late King Hussein, and FIFA I reject the notion that FIFA cannot be reformed from within. The crisis at FIFA is a crisis of leadership.
Why the Worst Stadiums Host the Super Bowls Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California, which is hosting the 50th Super Bowl (Super Bowl L), is regarded as one of the worst stadiums in the NFL, if not the worst.  So why is it hosting the best game?  It's all about rewarding teams with new stadiums, even if they aren't ready to host a Super Bowl.
A litmus test for Iran on the world stage Sports and air transport are likely to serve as indicators of whether Iran has the flexibility to become a major node in an increasingly globalized world. At the core of Iranian efforts to become a global sports and airline hub will be its willingness to relax strict gender segregation, dress codes and its ban on alcohol.
TOMORROW SANTA CLARA, Calif. \u2014 David Cutcliffe knew before we did. Cutcliffe was in Georgia, recruiting for Duke University, when
How Super Bowl 50 Became Ground Zero For The Fight Over Homelessness San Francisco's spending on NFL celebrations has ignited protests over its treatment of the homeless.
Eighth Grader Makes Insane Buzzer Beater Shot To Win Championship Cometh the hour...
How To Stream The Super Bowl Online For Free In 2016 CBS Sports has got you covered.
Why Some Top Companies Decided Super Bowl Ads Aren't Worth It Blame the Internet.
3 Awesome Super Bowl Storylines That Have Nothing To Do With The QBs Sunday isn't all about Peyton Manning and Cam Newton.
Roger Goodell Concussions increased 32 percent in this past season from the previous one.
Let's Watch A Golf-Playing Robot Hit A Par 3 Hole-In-One \Eldrick\ knocked in the exact ace that Tiger Woods made famous.
Campbell\u2019s Super Bowl Ad Pays Tribute To The Heroic Sports Mom Get your hankie out.
Johnny Manziel Warned Ex-Girlfriend Police said the woman told investigators the Cleveland Browns quarterback hit her repeatedly.
ESPN's Linda Cohn Predicts The Super Bowl Will Be Manning's Final Game The \SportsCenter\ anchor added that she expects the Panthers to win the game at Levi's Stadium.
Trevor Noah Calls Out Racial Double Standard For NFL Quarterbacks \What? Cam Newton doesn't study? That's bulls**t!\
What Time Is The Super Bowl? The answer might disturb you.
A 911 Call Sheds New Light On The Peyton Manning Doping Scandal Men in black.
17 Photos To Celebrate The High-Flying Life Of Dave Mirra Rest in peace, Dave.
How ESPN's Linda Cohn Stays Confident In An Industry Dominated By Men \I deserve to be here.\
Let's Take A Second To Appreciate Steph Curry's 25-Point First Quarter Curry had a jaw-dropping seven threes in the first period alone.
People Are Freaking Out Over What This Sign Means For The Super Bowl Might not be good news for Denver Broncos fans.
Jerry Rice In Disguise Catches Lyft Passengers Unaware \I'm not really into sports, man.\
The NFL Will Implement A 'Rooney Rule' For Women The new rule aims to increase the number of female executives in the league.
NFL Legend Had CTE When He Died Former Oakland Raiders quarterback Ken Stabler, who died in 2015 from complications resulting from colon cancer, also suffered
JJ Watt Joins The Growing Chorus Of Cam Newton Defenders \Football is a game, it's supposed to be fun.\
Broncos Punter Britton Colquitt Forced To Buy $1800 Super Bowl Ticket For His Week-Old Baby \There\u2019s no age limit to tickets.\
Can You Spot What's Wrong With This Picture? Look a little closer.
Why Peyton Manning Badly Needs To Win Super Bowl 50 His \all-time\ legacy hinges on a second ring.
Suspect Arrested In Connection With College Basketball Player Death The 23-year-old was killed Tuesday afternoon.
Lady Gaga Will Sing The National Anthem At The Super Bowl Yaaaaaas.
Peyton Manning's Friends Are Saying This Is It For The Quarterback In that case, Super Bowl 50 will indeed be his last rodeo.
The Hardest Choice Demaryius Thomas' Mom Will Make Demaryius Thomas has\u00a0just sent his mother a picture of the most unlikely Super Bowl ticket of all, the one intended for her
Drake's Super Bowl Ad Makes You Wanna Call Someone On Your Cell Phone Rapper earns his championship \Bling\ with T-Mobile.
Helen Mirren Eloquently Smacks Down Drunk Drivers In Super Bowl Ad \If your brain was donated to science, science would return it.\
Bad Lip Reading Of NFL Players Is Back And Better Than Ever \It's going to be fun playing the orphans this summer.\
Mini Darth Vader From That Super Bowl Ad Doesn't Look Like This Anymore ... mostly because -- spoiler alert -- he's not Darth Vader.
Aliens In Avocado Super Bowl Ad Think We're A Bunch Of Dips But at least we had Scott Baio.
NBA Announcer Quickly Realizes His Accidental Double Entendre It came out all wrong.
Ronda Rousey's Mother Blasts Her Coach In Brutal Takedown \She trained with an idiot who's a fraud.\
Skier Angel Collinson Plunges 1,000 Feet In Alaska... And Lives! \I covered my face and protected my head with my arms and I kind of just held on until I stopped.\
Texas Pastor Asks God To Strike Conor McGregor Dead The featherweight champion had recently suggested he could \whoop [Jesus Christ's] ass.\
Richard Sherman Is Making The Cam Newton Haters Look Silly \He plays the game like a young kid, like a kid's supposed to play it.\
Sue Bird Is Tired Of The WNBA Being Compared To The Men's Game The WNBA veteran believes the game should be appreciated on its own.
Kenny Sailors, Jump Shot Pioneer, Dies At 95 A basketball legend, a veteran, a mentor, and a beloved friend and family man.
Novak Djokovic Defeats Andy Murray In Australian Open Men's Final Novak does it again!
Giants Football Player Accused Of Attempted Rape Jay Bromley has not yet been charged.
Angelique Kerber Defeats Serena Williams In Australian Open Kerber became Germany's first grand slam champion in 17 years.
Police Probe Johnny Manziel Over 'Possible Assault' On Ex-Girlfriend The Cleveland Browns quarterback has not been arrested.
What Bothers Americans Most About Pro Football? Not The Danger Americans' priorities, in one chart.
Super Bowl Grounds Crew Paints 2 Broncos End Zones By Mistake Oops!
Becky Hammon Keeps Killin' It, Will Be The First Woman To Coach All-Star Game It's just the latest step in Hammon's historic career.
Gotcha! Chargers Will Stay In San Diego For 2016 The Chargers' battle for a new home continues.
Cowboys Reportedly Want To Part With Greg Hardy Because Of His ... Partying? It's a bit ironic, to say the least.
Chicago Fan's Obituary Takes Passing Shot At Jay Cutler Her QB hate will be eternal.
Former NBA Player Jay Williams Predicts 'Collapse' Of Amateur NCAA System The ESPN analyst shares his vision for the future of college athletics.
Russell Wilson Needs Google's Help To Describe Ciara's Beauty Did he really just do that?
Colin Cowherd Likens Cam Newton To Donald Trump In Problematic Segment Uh-oh.
Why The Clippers Should Trade Chris Paul The controversial organization must strike while the superstar is still hot.
Katie Nolan Shuts Down All The Idiots Who Have A Problem With A Female NFL Coach \People get jobs for a number of reasons -- until they do something that proves they don\u2019t also deserve the gig, who *&^%$#@ cares?\
17 Fun Tidbits About Super Bowl 50 That Will Get You Hyped Cam Newton wasn't born the last time a Heisman-winning QB played in the Super Bowl.
Former Super Bowl Champion Who Died At 27 Had CTE Tyler Sash died at 27.
Troy Aikman The three-time Super Bowl winner and Hall of Famer talks concussions with HuffPost Live.
Kooky Kia Super Bowl Ad Shows Why We All Need A 'Walken Closet' Who finds your socks?
Panthers Owner To Treat Entire Staff To Free Trip To Super Bowl 50 He also did it back in 2004, when Carolina matched up against New England in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
You Will Never Be As Happy As This Young Canadiens Fan Priceless.
Mizzou Suspends Quarterback Maty Mauk After Snorting Video Emerges This marks Mauk's third suspension in four months.
Serena Williams Defeats Sharapova For The 18th Match-Up In A Row It looks like only illness or injury can prevent Williams from adding a 22nd major title to her collection.
Pokemon Super Bowl Commercial Looks Like A Monster Hit \I can do that.\
Blake Griffin Reportedly Injured His Hand Roughing Up A Clippers Employee Well, that's quite the plot twist.
Peyton Manning Hints At Possible Retirement After AFC Championship He turns 40 years old in March.
The Worst Thing About The East Coast Isn\u2019t The Weather At least, not if you're a West Coast sports fan.
The 7 Meanest Things Stephen Curry's Warriors Did To The Spurs Monday Night Avert your eyes, Texas.
Young Soccer Player Learns The Hard Way That Life Is Pain Sources say he may never recover.
The Arizona Cardinals Tweeted The Michael Jordan Crying Face... And Twitter absolutely lost its mind.
Listen To The Panthers' Spanish Radio Announcer Erupt After Cam's Touchdown Trust us, Jaime Moreno is a national treasure.
Panthers Continue To Dominate, Give Little Girls Touchdown Balls We dare you to try not to smile at this.
Watch This Swimmer Disappear Into Winter Storm Jonas The best of many going off the deep end this weekend ... into a snow drift.
Cavaliers' Championship Window Is Quickly Closing LeBron continues to dazzle, but his teammates are floundering.
Victoria Azarenka Freaked Out On Court When She Found Out The Broncos Won The tennis player seemed more excited about Peyton than advancing in the Australian Open.
Marshall Manning Stole The Show During Dad's Postgame Press Conference Peyton has a cute, shy kid.
Cam Newton Used The Most Carolinian Metaphor To Describe His Season \It wasn\u2019t going to be instant grits,\ he said. \It was going to be a process, like long-cooked collard greens.\
Match Fixing Suspicions Hit Australian Open MELBOURNE, Australia \u2014 A major sports gambling website suspended betting on Sunday for a mixed doubles match at the Australian
LIVE Patriots vs. Broncos
Shaq Provides Surprise Backup In Kids' Basketball Game With Police The NBA legend dropped in to the Gainesville Police Department after video of a prior match went viral.
Brady vs. Manning DENVER \u2014 Tom Brady and Peyton Manning have a season\u2019s worth of head-to-head matchups in their storied rivalry \u2014 16 previous
Peyton Manning And The Denver Broncos Are Going To The Super Bowl The Broncos beat Tom Brady's New England Patriots, 20-18, on Sunday.
Watch Selena Gomez Beat Out Ronda Rousey For 'The Bachelor' In 'SNL' Spoof BIEBER FOR BACHELOR 2017.
Peyton Manning Made The Perfect Face Right Before He Got Sacked Perhaps the best Manning Face ever.
The 15 Best Twitter Jokes About Mike Carey After He Blew It Again \Let's go to Mike Carey to find out what the call isn't.\
D.C. Cop Stiff-Arms Defender In Snowy Football Game This cop is playing to win!
Ronda Rousey Congratulates Holly Holm In 'SNL' Opening Monologue \Holly deserved to win.\
Amy Schumer Puts On Her Game Face For Bud Light Super Bowl Ad Who better to get their drink on?
Chris Paul Crossed Delly So Hard He Disappeared Off The Screen We still love you though, Delly.
OTL CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. -- Two Tennessee high school basketball coaches and their athletic director went before a juvenile court
Read The Olympics' New Transgender Guidelines That Will Not Mandate Surgery It would open the door for more trans athletes to compete internationally.
Silly String Attack Reminds NBA Fan There's Nowhere To Hide That's what you get when you root for the visiting team.
Now This Is A Truly Innovative Way To Distract Free Throw Shooters Ah, the old \have a baby in front of the free throw shooter\ trick.
A Year Ago Today, Tom Brady Said 'Balls' A Bunch In A Presser Balls, balls and more balls.
Hockey Player Takes Shot To The Groin So Hard His Cup Breaks This looks so excruciatingly painful.
This Guy's Rap Just Might Inspire A Carolina Panthers Super Bowl We can see Cam Newton dabbing to this song.
The Super Bowl Could Cost San Francisco Taxpayers $4.8 Million And the city isn't even hosting the actual game.
Detroit Lions Players Donate 94,000 Bottles Of Water To Flint, Michigan Awesome display of generosity by these Lions players.
LeBron's Cavaliers Fired David Blatt And The Internet Went Wild It didn't take long for the MJ crying-face photoshops to appear.
Is This Unborn Baby Dabbing? You tell us.
Buffalo Bills Hire First Full-Time Woman Coach In NFL History Kathryn Smith will serve as a special teams assistant coach.
NFL Health Officials Confronted NIH About Researcher Selection Three of the NFL's top health and safety officers confronted the National Institutes of Health last June after the NIH selected
Steven Tyler Gives Skittles' Super Bowl Ad Sweet Emotion Dream on while tasting the rainbow.
James Harden's Glaring Defensive Problem Is Way Worse Than You Thought The perennial All-NBA performer is as good as it gets offensively, but equally poor on the other side of the ball.
Cleveland Radio Host Spouts Misogynistic Crap After Bills Hire Female Coach He actually said \u201cthere is no place for a woman in professional sports.\u201d
Cam Newton Named MVP By Pro Football Writers Of America The Panthers quarterback just keeps winning.
How Junior Seau\u2019s Daughter Wants You To Remember Her Father Sydney asked Tuesday that people go see \u201cConcussion\u201d to learn about CTE.
Darius Fleming Says He Saved A Woman From A Burning Car, Then Played A Playoff Game (UPDATED) The Patriots linebacker is a real-life superhero.
Pete Rose To Enter Cincinnati Reds\u2019 Hall of Fame Rose is the league's all-time leader in hits.
Yet Another State Speaks Out Against Fantasy Sports Betting Sites \Simply put, it is prohibited gambling in Texas if you bet on the performance of a participant in a sporting event and the house takes a cut.\u201d
So How'd The That Big Rematch Between The Cavs And Warriors Go? Let's check in on the sleeping fan and the guy picking his nose.
Rafael Nadal Out Of Australian Open After First-Round Loss Rafael Nadal suffered his first round-one exit at the Australian Open as Fernando Verdasco recorded a stunning five-set win
Women's Soccer Star Wants To Become The Role Model She Never Had Costa Rica's Raquel Rodriguez, the second pick in the NWSL draft, hopes to show girls in her home country they can reach the sport's highest levels.
Rajon Rondo Is Quietly Back To Being Rajon Rondo The 29-year-old point guard certainly has more work to do, but he's enjoying an unlikely resurgence in Sacramento.
Even 'The Simpsons' Is Making Fun Of The God-Awful 76ers Just about everyone is joking on Philadelphia.
'SNL' Perfectly Sums Up The Perverse Way The NFL Covers Injuries \No one should ever have to witness something that shocking. Let\u2019s see it again.\
A College Basketball Player Purposefully Tripped A Ref Last Night An early candidate for most unsportsmanlike play of the year.
Seahawks Fan's Lame Letter Calling Cam Newton 'Classless' Goes Viral She was upset that Newton tossed the \12th man\ flag after the Seahawks-Panthers game.
UFC Fighter's Golf Ball-Sized Eye Is The Stuff Of Nightmares Matt Mitrione said he suffered a broken orbital bone, resulting in the frighting swelling.
Rob Gronkowski Dances His Way Into NFL Record Books The 26-year-old now has the most postseason touchdowns of any tight end in league history.
The Tennis Racket Betting worth billions. Elite players. Violent threats. Covert messages with Sicilian gamblers. And suspicious matches at
This Young Carolina Panthers Fan Is Happiness Personified You have never been happier than this little girl.
The Carolina Panthers Are One Win Away From The Super Bowl Cam Newton and the Panthers withstood the Seattle Seahawks' late rally.
Cam Newton Wore An Adorable Shirt Of His Son And Him Dabbing Would purchase.
Distressed Vikings Fan's Sign Proves Just How Devastating Sports Can Be \I bought this ticket b4 the field goal.\
The 5 Craziest Plays From The End Of The Packers-Cardinals NFC Divisional Game Did that just really happen?!
Not Even The Harlem Globetrotters Have Stephen Curry's Handles We know because they tried to match the MVP's moves.
Next Year's Super Bowl Mascot Will Make You Hate Life Houston, we have a problem.
3 Times MLB Spanish Translators Would Have Changed The Narrative If you don't think instituting Spanish translators is a big deal, consider these controversies.
There\u2019s A Petition To Get Obama To The 2017 All-Star Celebrity Game Let\u2019s just hope he plays better than Kevin Hart.
Dirk Nowitzki Mocks Donald Trump In Fake Ad Campaign \I'm Dirk Nowitzki and I approve this message.\
St. Louis Fans Send Pile Of S**t To Rams Owner In Wake Of LA Relocation \St. Louis is pissed off.\ \ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9
Rams Owner Stan Kroenke Says He'd Rather Leave St. Louis Than 'Sit There And Be A Victim' St. Louis offered the Rams owner more than $470 million in taxpayer money for a new stadium.
The NFL Divisional Playoff Games Will Come Down To This If they're as good as the wild-card weekend, we're in for a treat.
Jessica Mendoza Joins ESPN's 'Sunday Night Baseball' Full-Time Mendoza keeps making history!
Tim Tebow Organizing Over 200 Proms For People With Special Needs Way to go, Tim.
Former NFL Player Lawrence Phillips Dead At 40 Prison authorities are investigating the circumstances of his death.
It\u2019s Official The St. Louis Rams can move for the 2016 season.
The Crying Knicks Kid Is Kristaps Porzingis' No. 1 Fan Now The Porzingis bandwagon squeezed on an infamous passenger this week.
Stephen Curry With Your Typical Around-The-Back-Two-Times Pass As one does.
Butler's Andrew Smith Dead At 25 After Battle With Cancer Celtics coach Brad Stevens had skipped a game to visit the former basketball player just last week.
UFC Fighter's Pot Suspension Downgraded From Insane To Ridiculous This punishment is still pretty excessive.
Alabama Beats Clemson To Win National Championship Kings of college football once again!
Packers Beat Washington And Advance To Next Round They dominated the second half and won 35-18.
Carli Lloyd Wins FIFA's World Player Of The Year Award The World Cup final hero just got what she deserves.
Vikings Fans Lost Their Damn Minds After Loss To Seahawks The agony of defeat on full display.
This Note Left In Robert Griffin III\u2019s Locker Sure Seems Like A Clue To His Future It certainly looks like RGIII is ready to get out of D.C.
Deontay Wilder's No. 1 Tip For Staying Strong Is Something You Already Do \Sleep is recovery,\ the champion tells HuffPost Live.
Public Universities Spend Millions On Stadiums, Despite Slim Chance For Payoff When Americans tune into Monday night\u2019s national championship game, they will be watching two public universities whose football
Randall Cobb Knew Exactly What To Say After The Packers Beat Washington \YOU LIKE THAT? YOU LIKE THAT.\
LeBron Got Hit In The Face With A Ball And The Internet Lost Its Mind DUCK!!!
The Clemson-Alabama Result Will Come Down To These 3 Factors While Nick Saban goes for title No. 5, Dabo Swinney hopes to capture his first.
Nets Fire Coach Lionel Hollins, Reassign GM Billy King Brooklyn has a 10-27 record.
Vikings Lose To Seahawks On Heartbreaking Missed Field Goal Absolutely stunning.
Steelers Coach Mike Munchak Freaking Pulled Bengals Safety Reggie Nelson's Dreadlocks What was he thinking?
Football Freeze! 7 Degrees Below Zero For Vikings-Seahawks Playoff Greetings from TCF Bank Stadium, where it is currently seven degrees below zero as players take the field for early warmups
Seattle Seahawks Play Freezing Playoff Game Against Minnesota Vikings Seattle Seahawks vs. Minnesota Vikings
Martavis Bryant's 'Crotch Catch'  Is The Best Touchdown Of The NFL Playoffs This is an all-time great NFL postseason touchdown catch.
Lamar Odom Leaves Hospital After 'Miraculous And Continued Improvement' He's being transferred to a private facility.
Let's Preview The NFL Playoffs! This week's \The Second Half\ podcast takes a look at the first round of NFL Wild Card matchups.
SUNDAY Cris Collinsworth remembers the wind knifing his bones when he moved from the Bengals' locker room to the artificial turf
It Hurts Just To Watch This Pro Surfer's 'Cartoon-Like' Wipeout Garrett McNamara \skipped like a stone and flew into the air\ in \maybe one of the worst wipeouts ever filmed.\
St. Louis Mayor Fires Back At Rams' 'Disturbing' Relocation Proposal The Rams had called St. Louis a \struggling\u201d city.
Disqualified After Concussions, Football Players Recruited Back Onto The Field These athletes have to decide whether they're willing to jeopardize their health in order to fulfill their dreams.
Ex-Cardinals Scouting Director To Plead Guilty To Hacking Astros He's tentatively agreed to plead guilty to 5 of 12 related charges.
Watch This Fake Promo For 2016 Cleveland Browns Season Tickets \Attention, all Cleveland Browns fans!\
'Inside The NBA' Tried To Talk E-Sports And Everything Went To Hell Shaq got into it with an e-sports guy, then Barkley started saying Barkley things.
Justin Bieber Just Got Chris Paul 60,000 All-Star Votes THIS IS NOT HOW THE VOTING SYSTEM WAS SUPPOSED TO WORK!
A High School Cancels The Basketball Season Amid Rape Charges Three of the team's players allegedly raped a teammate in an apparent hazing incident.
How Mike Piazza Helped Me Come To Terms With Being A Mets Fan He energized not only the franchise, but the fan base.
The Surreal Story of StubHub Screwing Over a Kobe Fan As readers of TheLead know, we love nothing more than some good ol\u2019 corporate muckraking, so when a reader named Jesse Sandler
Native Groups Want A Promise Not To Say That Racist Team Name At The Super Bowl They're asking CBS to commit now, just in case.
This 90-Year-Old Hockey Player Somehow Freezes Time \I just love the competition,\ he says.
NFL Alum Describes 'Shame' He Felt When He Went To See 'Concussion' \Suddenly, I was more aware that I am not separate and safe.\
This Tennis Player Chose Sportsmanship Over An Extra Point Jack Sock is unlike any tennis pro you've ever seen.
Ken Griffey Jr. Cements Legacy With Hall Of Fame Induction The coolest player of the 1990s just got the recognition he deserves.
How The Daily Fantasy Sports Industry Turns Fans Into Suckers In my early 20s, I developed a gambling problem that I\u2019ve since learned to spread out over a variety of low-stakes games
Philly Ballet Company Crafts Perfect Response To Sexist Eagles Fan The Pennsylvania Ballet's Facebook post has since garnered more than 30,000 likes.
Ryan Howard And Ryan Zimmerman Sue Al Jazeera Over Doping Report Major League Baseball has said it would investigate the allegations.
Here\u2019s The Smart Thing The NFL Is Doing To Fix Its Dumb Catch Rule Finally, the NFL is asking wide receivers how to define a catch.
Lakers Fan Is Like 'Screw This' And Puts On A Warriors Jersey Mid-Game These are the darkest of days for Lakers fans.
The Seahawks Are The NFC's Most Dangerous Wild Card Team Seattle, the two-time defending conference champs, finds itself in a familiar playoff position.
These 7 Women Prove Tackle Football Isn't Just For Men They're students, nurses, project managers, foster care workers, lab managers, moms ... and professional badasses.
5 Crazy Things About Monday Night's Historic Kansas-Oklahoma Game We hadn't seen a game like that in decades.
Why South Florida Continues To Produce The Greatest NFL Talent In The Country \We breed football here. We take football with a passion.\u201d
The Touching Moment Eli Manning Almost Lost It At Coach Coughlin's Farewell \Eli, it's not you. It's not you. It's us.\
The Detroit Pistons Made A Sick Supercut Of Obama Rapping 'Jumpman' \Drummond, Drummond, Drummond this boy's up to something!\
Johnny Manziel Reportedly Partied In A Blond Wig, Fake Mustache And Glasses But there\u2019s nothing funny about Manziel\u2019s disguise.
The Solution To The Dumb Debate Over Which Kobe Jersey To Retire No. 8? No. 24? Two jerseys? Here\u2019s how to figure it out.
A Young Steph Curry Predicted His Future In A 1990s Burger King Ad Now people are asking for a Steph-Riley sequel.
Kobe Bryant Told Jordan Clarkson To Stop Playing 'Like A Light-Skinned Dude' So he rose up for the greatest dunk of the Lakers' season.
BLACK MONDAY With the 2015 regular season coming to an end, which coaches and GMs will get their walking papers?
Dexter Manley Apologizes For Offensive Joke About Black Quarterbacks The ex-NFL player said that they like running \u201cbecause they\u2019re probably used to running from the law.\
Stuart Scott\u2019s Daughters Remember Their Father A Year After His Death Sydni and Taelor Scott release an emotional video tribute honoring the ESPN legend.
Charlotte Observer Publishes Another Garbage Letter About Cam Newton No major newspaper would ever print a letter like this about Tom Brady.
Markieff Morris Shuts Down Idea He's The 'Perfect Example' Of An Entitled Millennial \I\u2019m from Philly. I\u2019ve been through adversity my whole life.\
Legendary NBA Ref To Call it Quits Joey Crawford evokes strong emotions in basketball fans.
Mississippi Defeats Oklahoma State 48-20 In Sugar Bowl Ole Miss Victorious!
Stanford Wins Rose Bowl With 45-16 Victory Over Iowa The Cardinal had the highest-scoring first quarter in the Rose Bowl's lengthy history.
Alabama Beats Michigan St, Advances To National Championship Alabama (13-1) will face No. 1 Clemson (14-0) on Jan. 11 in Arizona.
Reported Rapes Go Through The Roof On Game Day At Big Football Schools College football culture is causing hundreds of reported rapes every year, new research indicates.
Sport and Society for Arete-'Concussion' Movie Review Several months ago there was a minor flap over the fact that the National Football League was given the right to delete parts of the film \Concussion\ before its general release to the public. At the time many, including myself, feared that the NFL would defang the bite of the film. It did not.
Carmelo Anthony Calls For Gun Control After Cleanthony Early Shot \We have to do something.\
Alabama Looks Unstoppable Heading Into The College Football Playoff This week's episode of \The Second Half\ podcast breaks down the upcoming contest.
Players Say The NFL Has An HGH Problem, Even If Peyton Manning Isn't Part Of It No matter what you think about Peyton Manning\u2014he used, he didn't use, you don't care either way\u2014one thing is certain in the
James Worthy Got Too Hyped For His Own Good After The Lakers Won \GET THAT CELTIC A**.\
Clemson Beats Oklahoma, Advancing To National Championship Game The Tigers remain undefeated!
TCU Quarterback Trevone Boykin Arrested After Allegedly Assaulting Police Officer Cops had arrived to break up a bar brawl reportedly involving the player.
Seahawks' Richard Sherman Zing! But also, accurate.
Kobe Bryant Became Giddy When He Heard A Former NBA Coach's Praise \That's like the coolest thing I've ever heard, dude.\
3 Big Stories From Al Jazeera's Doping Documentary That Don't Involve Peyton Manning \The Dark Side\ highlights serious questions about sports leagues' testing policies.
Mom Links Her Athlete Son's Death To This Football-Related Brain Disease Paul Bright developed CTE after 10 years on the football field.
LeBron Speaks Out After Advocates Ask Him To Strike Games To Honor Tamir Rice \This issue is bigger than me; it's about everyone.\
NBA Forward Cleanthony Early Shot In Robbery This is the second time that a Knicks player has been robbed in two weeks.
Racial Prejudice Is Driving Opposition To Paying College Athletes Here's the evidence.
Philadelphia Eagles Fire Head Coach Chip Kelly Kelly has assumed much of the blame for the Eagles' poor season and missed chance at the playoffs.
Giant Man Shakes Hands With Normal-Sized Reporter Trust us. The San Antonio Spurs' Boban Marjanovi\u0107 is gargantuan.
Steph Went Scoreless For 21 Minutes On Monday, But Then ... He went absolutely wild.
Mike Tyson Busted His A** Trying To Ride A Hoverboard In this one way, Mike is like all of us.
12 Women Who Absolutely Killed The Sports Game In 2015 We\u2019ll remember 2015 as the year women broke through.
Watch The Documentary Linking Peyton Manning, Other NFL Stars To A Doping Ring British hurdler Liam Collins went undercover for Al Jazeera.
Papa John's, A Major NFL Sponsor, Is Standing By Peyton Manning The Broncos quarterback faces allegations that he obtained performance-enhancing drugs through a clinic where he received treatment for an injury.
Barcelona Hire And Fire Soccer Player On Same Day Over Old Tweets Sergi Guardiola's dream move to the Spanish giants lasted just seven hours.
Eric Weddle Fined For Watching Daughter's Halftime Performance The San Diego Chargers docked the safety $10K.
Here's A Transcript Of Al Jazeera's Call To Confirm Manning Accuser's Employment The clinic originally told reporters that Charlie Sly worked there in 2011. It now disputes that confirmation.
Don\u2019t Let Stephen Curry Overshadow Russell Westbrook\u2019s Historic Season 2015-2016 Westbrook is the closest we\u2019ve gotten to a modern incarnation of Oscar Robertson.
NCAA Schools Are Reducing The Punishment For Marijuana Use \The change was intended to make the policy more rehabilitative.\
Meadowlark Lemon, Harlem Globetrotters Legend, Dead At 83 \My destiny was to make people happy.\
There's Something Strange About Peyton Manning's 'Furious' HGH Denial It's not a complete denial.
Explosive Documentary Links Peyton Manning, Major Athletes To Doping Ring The quarterback and his wife received human growth hormone in 2011, an alleged supplier asserts in a new undercover investigation.
Peyton Manning Calls Doping Allegations 'Complete Trash' The Broncos quarterback fires back at claims that he used human growth hormone.
Warriors' Stephen Curry And Family Help Feed 400 Families In Need He's just as big a star off the court as on.
The NBA's Christmas Schedule Is A Wonderful Gift Christmas Day is packed with the league's best teams and players.
NFL Players And Team Owners Can See 'Concussion' For Free \This is a movie for the players.\
Drew Brees' Foot Injury Didn't Happen Overnight The foot pain New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees experienced Monday was likely to be sudden and excruciating, according
NFL Upholds Odell Beckham Jr.'s One-Game Suspension The Giants wide receiver will have to sit against the Vikings.
Have The Rams And Chargers Played Their Final Games At Home? This week's episode of \The Second Half\ podcast discusses the NFL's possible moves to Los Angeles.
Florida's One-Handed Guard Notches First Collegiate Basket On Acrobatic Layup It was a helluva move by sophomore Zach Hodskins.
Shaquille O'Neal Tries To Excuse Odell Beckham Jr. After Josh Norman Hit \I\u2019m a true believer that sometimes you have to touch people up to let them know that you\u2019re not soft.\
Does Kobe Bryant Actually Think The Lakers Can Still Make The Playoffs? Maybe -- it's Kobe, after all.
Banning Sepp Blatter May Finally Give FIFA The Chance To Reform Itself. But Does It Want To? FIFA \proved incapable\ of making real change when Blatter was in charge.
Floyd Mayweather Made $300 Million This Year, And He's Spending Like It's Going Out Of Style Floyd Mayweather, one of boxing\u2019s all-time greats, has made an insane amount of money over the course of his career. He had
Nothing Better Than Aaron Rodgers And Chris Paul Taking Trick Shots Goofy stunts. Serious skills.
Serena Williams And Novak Djokovic Crowned 2015 ITF World Champions They've now nabbed a combined 11 ITF World Champion titles.
Oakland Raiders' Charles Woodson To Retire After Season This is his 18th year in the league.
The Evolution Of Stephen Curry Once considered too scrawny to compete in the NBA, Stephen Curry has become hoops' biggest attraction. Here's a look back at his journey thus far.
Ex-NFL Player Who 'Begged' For A Job Allegedly Signs With Jets' Practice Squad \I\u2019m hungry, I\u2019m determined and I will do whatever it takes to succeed.\
NBA Guard Shoves Knocked-Out Tooth Into Sock Before Continuing Play Germs be damned.
Gregg Popovich Wishes He \u2018Had The Guts\u2019 To Dye His Hair Blond Monday\u2019s events beg the question -- would a blond Popovich really be more fun?
Lamar Odom Has Taken Significant Strides Forward In Recent Days, Sources Say Odom's progress apparently shocked his medical team this week.
Fight In Bathroom Stall At Giants Game Shows Fans Flush With Anger Hopefully no one was hurt.
Listen To 911 Operator Help Iman Shumpert Deliver Baby This is really awesome.
Are We Focusing Too Much Attention On Football Concussions? As \Concussion\ sets to premiere, Bennet Omalu and Julian Bailes worry the sport has another head problem.
Watch Emmitt Smith's Hilarious Reaction To Steve Harvey's Miss Universe Gaffe He said what we were all thinking.
The Odell Beckham-Josh Norman Matchup Was Everything We Hoped For And more!
Trade Unions Test Qatari Sincerity With Demands for Labor Reform International trade unions have stepped up pressure on Qatar with a series of demands, a majority of which the Gulf state could implement without having to reform its autocracy or threaten the privileged position of its citizenry who account for a mere 12 percent of the population and fear that change could cost them control of their culture and society.
Despite Dangers, High Schoolers Now Playing As Many Football Games As NFL In California, many teams have their 16th game of the year this weekend.
Kelly Slater Just Built A Perfect Artificial Wave -- And It May Save Surfing But he won't reveal where this \freak of technology\ is.
LeBron James Dives For Loose Ball, Hospitalizes Golfer Jason Day's Wife Ellie Day stretchered away after 250-pound All Star plowed into her.
Richard Sherman's Four Ways To Fix NFL Officiating To the fans losing their minds over blown calls, Sherman has one word for you
Wonder How This Guy Feels About This Cam Newton Article Now (Updated) This might be the king of hot takes.
Ellie Day Says Not To Blame LeBron James For Scary Courtside Collision \He was just doing his job. Go Cavs.\u201d
Former NFL Player Hamza Abdullah Compares Trump To A Drunk Driver The Muslim athlete is tired of the presidential candidate\u2019s hate-filled rhetoric.
Remember That Time Donald Trump Almost Bought An NFL Team? Ah, what might have been.
WNBA Stars Stand Up To Gilbert Arenas And His Sexist Comments \Women were not put on this earth just for men to look at. We are people.\
Watch Abby Wambach Say Goodbye To Soccer In Emotional Final Game The night ended with the G.O.A.T. literally dropping the mic.
Iman Shumpert Helped Deliver His Baby, And Headphones Were Involved Talk about a crazy labor story.
A.J. Green Cincinnati's superstar receiver desperately wants to change the playoff narrative for his team and his city.
Russell Westbrook Snuck Into A Hospital To Meet A Drive-By Shooting Victim And then tried to lift his spirits in the most Westbrook-like way.
State Rep. Withdraws Bill To Revoke Mizzou Athletes' Scholarships The bill would have canceled scholarships for athletes who boycott games.
A Late Candidate For Most Awkward Handshake Of The Year Courtesy of Kobe Bryant.
Lamar Odom Reportedly Still Has Trouble Remembering His Own Name \u201cHe\u2019s not doing great.\u201d
Unearthed Audio Confirms First Game Of Basketball Was A Violent S**tshow \I was afraid they\u2019d kill each other.\
Women's Soccer Star Says U.S. Team Is 'Fighting For Bigger Picture' Equality Carli Lloyd joins \The Second Half\ podcast to talk about turf, the future of women's soccer and that World Cup goal.
LeBron James Shows Respect To Special Olympics MVP During Game A moment neither Aaron Miller nor LeBron James will soon forget.
Obama Reveals Who He Thinks The Greatest Women's Soccer Player Is Hint
Of Course Gilbert Arenas Has A Garbage, Sexist Take On The WNBA He made absolutely disgusting comments.
Hornets' Frank Kaminsky Will Stand By Chipotle, Damn It \In sickness and in health.\
Now Here's A Donald Trump Position We Can Get Behind Make baseball great again.
Tom Brady Is Still Confused As To Why People Care What He Thinks About Trump Brady just wants everyone to leave him alone, so he can Make The Patriots Great Again.
The Problem With Rajon Rondo\u2019s Anti-Gay Slur Is That He's Not Alone On Friday, the NBA suspended Sacramento Kings point guard Rajon Rondo for one game for derogatory comments directed at referee
People Can't For Life Of Them Figure Out Why A Horse Didn\u2019t Win 'Sportsperson Of The Year' What could the reason possibly be?
Russell Westbrook With The Classic Off-The-Back-Of-The-Defender Buzzer-Beater As you do.
This Cam Newton Touchdown Pass Is Almost Too Precise To Believe Seriously, what the hell is this pass?
Serena Williams Named Sports Illustrated's 2015 'Sportsperson Of The Year' This is the first time SI has chosen an individual female athlete since 1983.
Alabama Running Back Derrick Henry Wins Heisman Trophy Henry is the second Alabama player to receive college football's most prestigious player of the year award.
Warriors 24-Game Winning Streak Ends With Loss To Bucks Heartbreak in Milwaukee.
Football-Loving Americans Harassed For Wearing Turbans To NFL Game Sikhs have often been targeted by people who mistake them for Muslim.
Golden State Warriors Beat Boston Celtics And Remain Undefeated They were tested but still got the victory.
Ronda Rousey Attends Marine Corps Ball And Keeps Her Chin Up \I'd probably stay on my couch, crying and eating ice cream ... if he hadn't asked me.\
John 'Hot Rod' Williams Dead After Complications With Cancer He was 53 years old.
New York Judge Bans DraftKings And Fan Duel The sites can still operate in other states.
A Salty Cardinals Fan Burned Jason Heyward's Jersey Burning the jersey of someone who was only on your team for a year feels excessive.
Football Star Commits To Notre Dame In Epic 'Dark Knight' Video Looks like the Fighting Irish will have a reason to celebrate.
Hey, Here's Roger Goodell Laughing At A Concussion Joke He Approved Not a great look. Not a great look at all.
Charles Barkley Rips Donald Trump For Lumping All Muslims Together \To try to divide and conquer, which is what the Republicans always do -- it's just sad.\u201d
This Former College Football Player Is Lifting The Rug On NCAA Exploitation Former LSU wide receiver Abram Booty is making a movie that aims to \pull back the curtain\ on the treatment of college athletes.
Seahawks Turn Slumping Season Around To Become Legit Contenders Russell Wilson's sensational play as a dual-threat quarterback has helped Seattle's offense become lethal again.
Is This Johnny Manziel's Last Chance In Cleveland? Plus, some thoughts on football being a \fun-house mirror\ for America.
Skier's Sick Run On Dry Terrain Proves Snow Is For Suckers Here's hoping for dirt this winter.
Bomani Jones Is More Than Just the Smartest Person in Sports Once headed for a life in academia, the TV/radio host and Twitter lightning rod is ESPN's voice of reason and most interesting personality.
NFL VP Doesn't Think It's Fair To Point Out That Rich People Are Rich \It\u2019s not fair for you to bring up a person\u2019s net worth!\
D'Angelo Russell's Kobe Impression Was, Uh, Awkwardly Accurate Likely more accurate than he meant it to be.
Steve Tisch Hardy was found guilty of assault last year.
Muhammad Ali Denounces Donald Trump's Plan To Shut Out Muslims His response came two days after Trump questioned whether Muslim sports heroes exist.
'Concussion' Is Making Families Of NFL Players Question Football \If we knew that we were killing people, I would have never put on the jersey.\u201d
College Football Is Rigged Against Black Head Coaches Fewer than 8 percent of top coaches in the biggest football programs are black.
High School Basketball Player Hits Ridiculous Game-Winning Shot For the win!
Golden State Warriors Beat Pacers And Remain Undefeated And they do is win, win, win no matter what.
An Amazing Thing Happened When Kevin Durant Visited 'School For Homeless Children' It was a heartwarming moment in Oklahoma.
Warriors And Harlem Globetrotters Exchange Jabs Over Winning Streak At this point, are these two teams really all that different?
Aroldis Chapman's Trade To Los Angeles Dodgers Reportedly On Hold For Domestic Violence Probe \We are aware of the situation and have commenced an investigation,\ Major League Baseball said in a statement.
Kristaps Porzingis The prodigious 7-foot Latvian might be Europe's biggest megastar yet.
Two Sisters Win Two National Titles In One Afternoon, 27 Miles Apart \It was a great day to be a Klunder.\
Blake Embarrasses KG With Emphatic ... Wait, Other Way Around?! Are our eyes deceiving us?
The NBA Has Had Enough Of The 76ers\u2019 Bulls**t Very few people are trusting the process these days.
Shaq Was The Only One Who Didn\u2019t Hear About Kobe\u2019s Retirement Poem Or so he claims.
ESPN Analyst Blames 'Liberal Media' For 'War On Football' \War on Christmas,\ meet \war on football.\
Golden State Warriors Remain Undefeated After Beating Nets It's like clockwork for them.
This Soccer Player Got The Most Genius Punishment For His Sexist Comment Demirbay had to pick up a whistle and head to the local park, refereeing girls' youth teams.
Nike Just Signed LeBron James For Life LeBron continues to make history on and off the court.
The 'Concussion' Scientist Has A Radical Proposition For Football Treat it like we treat alcohol, voting, cigarettes and sex.
Panthers Owner Jerry Richardson Butchers 'The Dab,' Kills Dance The Dab is officially over.
Let\u2019s Watch Stephen Curry Rip The Heart Out Of The Nets\u2019 Chest The reigning MVP had five possessions that everyone should see.
We Stand Behind The USWNT As They Boycott 'Horrible' Conditions Our U.S. Women's National Team deserves better.
Michigan St. Edges Iowa 16-13 For Big Ten Title Sparty FTW!
Golden State Warriors Remain Undefeated After Beating Raptors The Warriors keep rolling.
Here Are The 4 Teams In The College Football Playoff This is going to be fun!
Bennie and the Giants vs. the Mooch and the Jets My father was a wildly enthusiastic football fan, and during the season, Sunday afternoons in our house revolved around the NY Giants.  My dad had great disdain for the people who lived across the street because they liked that \new\ team -- the Jets.
Stanford Headed to the Rose Bowl With Win Over USC With a 34-22 win over the USC Trojans, the Cardinal's will be headed to the Rose Bowl and not the BCS Championship they were hoping for. Both Alabama and Clemson won, knocking them out of playoff contention.
The Mizzou Football Team Lost It When Their New Coach Was Introduced To put it simply, they approve of the choice.
Instagram Champ Lionel Messi Shows Off Jersey From Stephen Curry This is how two really famous athletes congratulate each other.
Wild Wingsuit Flight Off Mountain Must Be Heard To Be Believed Just listen.
Coach Pop Was Really Happy To See Craig Sager Back On The Sidelines \This is the first time I've enjoyed doing this ridiculous interview.\
Packers Stun Lions With Stupefying, Game-Ending Hail Mary 61 yards. Wow.
Mets General Manager Sandy Alderson Diagnosed With Cancer Alderson will remain with the ball club as he battles the disease.
76ers Suspend Center Jahlil Okafor For Two Games After Fight He has dealt with some off-the-court issues.
Golden State Warriors Remain Undefeated Their magical season continues.
How San Antonio's Dominant Defense Is Fueling Title Hopes The Spurs have the potential to beat the Warriors, as emerging superstar Kawhi Leonard continues his sensational two-play.
NFL Player Who Lost Cousin In San Bernardino Shooting Speaks Out \The true terror is that this keeps happening.\
New Wave of Arrests in FIFA Corruption Scandal At least some of the arrests took place at the same luxury hotel where other FIFA officials were arrested in May. Swiss police
Man Starts Petition To Kick Greg Hardy Out Of The NFL \The NFL should make sure that he never plays another game in the league again.\
Oh, Man, The Panthers Might Actually Do This \The Second Half\ this week ponders whether Carolina can finish with a perfect season.
These Clips Of Stephen Curry's Third Quarter Wednesday Night Are Unreal How many times have we had to write some version of this headline?
This Lakers Season Is Driving Me Crazy This is what an existential crisis looks like.
Dana White Says A Ronda Rousey-Holly Holm Rematch Will Happen UFC fans rejoice!
76ers Top Lakers For First Win Of Season, Snap 28-Game Skid Philly started the season 0-18, before this victory.
Ben Roethlisberger Isn't The Concussion 'Culture Change' The NFL Needs This week's \The Second Half\ podcast talks NFL injuries and player self-diagnosis.
Can You Spot Which Part Of This Tweet Is Of Questionable Taste? People are understandably displeased with Roy Hibbert.
Chick Hearn Predicted How Long Kobe Would Play For The Lakers Once again, Chick knows all.
Richard Sherman Named 2015 'Man Of The Year' For Seattle Seahawks The cornerback's community service really stood out.
Kobe Bryant's Daughter Isn't Afraid To Make Fun Of Dad\u2019s Serious Face No dad is safe from a daughter's wrath. Not even Kobe.
LeBron James Scores $18 Million Warner Bros. Investment For Entertainment Studio On July 11, 2014, a few hours after LeBron James revealed in a Sports Illustrated letter that he was \coming home\ to the
Stephen Curry Thinks The Warriors Will Lose Before The Panthers \But not until, like, February hopefully.\
Lionel Messi Says Kobe Bryant Was The Reason He Got Into Basketball Game recognize Game.
Let's Breakdown This Hilariously Abysmal Kobe Bryant Possession Of course this wasn't going to end well.
This Guy Sunk A Half-Court Shot Without Touching The Ball Look ma, no hands. All towel.
The Latest Video Of Jahlil Okafor\u2019s Fight Looks Pretty Bad A victim lay bloodied and unconscious on the Boston sidewalk.
The Lakers-76ers Game Is Going To Be Absolutely Hilarious The worst game of the season? Or the best game of the season?
LeBron Is Bummed He's Never Going To Play Kobe In The Finals \I knew I had to be better because of Kobe Bryant.\u201d
The Drop In This Marching Band's Version Of 'Hello' Is Epic Just wait for it ...
2015 Will Be Remembered As A Historic Year For Women In Baseball They broke MLB barriers for female coaches, players and announcers.
The Patriots Suffered A Nightmare In Denver The undefeated season is over, and Gronk is hurt.
Michael Jordan Suggests To Kobe That He Try And Enjoy Life Bryant's greatest challenge yet
This Is What It Looks Like To Truly Love College Sports A Rice football player breaks down while reflecting on his four-year career.
Two Teammates\u2019 Concussions Expose An Issue With The NFL\u2019s Policy Quarterbacks playing through concussions is becoming a worrisome trend.
ESPN Anchor Asks Why Only Black Players Are Criticized For Touchdown Dances By comparison, there has been near-silence recently when white players or middle-aged coaches have danced.
Tyson Fury Defeats Wladimir Klitschko, Sings Aerosmith To Wife \ud83c\udfb6 I don't want to close my eyes... \ud83c\udfb6
How Nebraska Can Return to College Football Greatness Nothing I say here will assuage the pain of being a Nebraska Cornhusker football fan right now. This is especially true after our hugely disappointing loss to the no-nonsense, mistake-free, steady-as-she goes Iowa Hawkeyes on Friday at 90,000-strong Memorial Stadium in Lincoln (Nebraska's 347th consecutive sellout).
Chip Kelly is his Own Worst Enemy Coach Chip Kelly has come under fire, with some saying he may be gone after the season is over. After back to back 10-6 seasons, the Eagles are 4-7 without showing much sign of improvement. The problem is Chip Kelly. He is his own worst enemy.
This NFL Season Has Been Kind Of Boring, Right? This week's \The Second Half\ podcast ponders football's plague of mediocrity.
Tony Romo Could Be Out For The Season After Re-injuring Shoulder The injury was eerily similar to the one in Week 2 against Philadelphia.
Washington Redskins Bring Back Insensitive Thanksgiving Tradition For Another Year Come on, guys.
12 Vegetarian Athletes That Will Be Avoiding Turkey On Thanksgiving These men and women prove you don't need meat to be a top-tier athlete.
Video Appears To Show 76er Jahlil Okafor In Street Fight \We got money,\ the NBA star yelled before shoving a man to the ground.
Has The College Sports Arms Race Spiraled Out Of Control? This week's \The Second Half\ podcast explores how student fees finance college sports.
Warriors Embarrass The Lakers To Cement Best Start In NBA History Stephen Curry made everyone look silly. Kobe Bryant looked old.
NFL Player Stedman Bailey In Critical Condition After Shooting Bailey will undergo surgery after reportedly being shot in the head twice.
NFL Hall Of Famer Frank Gifford Had Football-Related Brain Disease Gifford's family had his brain tested for CTE after he died in August.
The Subsidy Gap James Madison University\u2019s football team is on a roll.
Ohio State Is Axing One Of Its Football Traditions After Student Death The university is currently attempting to identify the deceased.
English Soccer\u2019s Out-of-Nowhere Goal Machine Meet Jamie Vardy, the Premier League's leading scorer.
NBA Rookie Is Literally Watching His Own Back Thanks To Tattoo You do you, Rondae.
Football On Thanksgiving Is Nearly As Old As The Holiday Itself The two were destined to be together from the beginning.
You Can\u2019t Watch This Video Of Cam Newton And Say He\u2019s Not A Role Model Cam is for the children.
Cleveland Browns Bench Johnny Manziel For Partying Too Hard But they let him start during his domestic violence investigation.
Carmelo Anthony Randomly Ran A Mini-Marathon Mid-Game Not one, not two, not three steps ...
Cowboys Finally Come Down Hard On ... Wait, Players Not Wearing Suits? Two players were cut for their clothing, yet Greg Hardy is still a Cowboy.
We Saw Ben Simmons In Person And Yes, He\u2019s Worth Tanking For 76ers and Lakers fans should be watching all of his games.
If Daily Fantasy Isn\u2019t Gambling, Why Did DraftKings And FanDuel Apply For Gambling Licenses? Well, that's awkward.
Kobe -- Yes, Kobe -- Is Begging Teammates To Pass The Damn Ball And no, the irony is not lost on him.
Veteran's Wife Alleges Cops Assaulted Him At An Ole Miss-LSU Game \YOU ARE NOT ABOVE THE LAW. THIS IS NOT OK.\
Tony Hawk Does First-Ever Vertical Spiral, Defying Age And Gravity Just imagine what he'll be doing at age 80.
Jameis Winston Is Even Better Than We Thought The former No. 1 overall pick is flashing record-setting greatness.
Cam Newton Gave All Five Of His Touchdown Balls To Kids On Sunday Now that's how you respond to criticism that you aren't a role model.
Ravens Running Back Justin Forsett Breaks Arm In Brutal Injury The injury could put him out for the rest of the season.
J.R. Smith Allegedly Chokes Teenager After Kid Trash Talks Him \That's why New York kicked you out, yo!\
The Warriors Should Go For The NBA's All-Time Win Record Greatness like this simply doesn't come along often.
Stephen Curry Is Way Better Than His Dad At Playing HORSE He took his dad to school.
Here's The Moment Rousey's Friends And Family Realized She Lost So much sadness.
Man Who Killed Adrian Peterson\u2019s Son Sentenced To Life In Prison Joseph Patterson was convicted of second-degree murder in September.
Bryce Harper Absolutely Butchers The Word 'Memes' On 'Sportscenter' What in the world?
This Video Points Out The Absurdity Of Yelling At College Athletes \I want you to look into a reflection and notice how old you are.\
Can The Green Bay Packers Get Back On Track In Minnesota? They're getting ready to visit the Vikings, and first place is on the line.
The NFL Should Release The Details Of Its Johnny Manziel Investigation Advocates say the NFL's brief statement on the case isn't enough.
There's A Petition To Rename Robert E. Lee High School After Coach Pop Where do we sign?
Massachusetts Thinks Daily Fantasy Sports Needs Better Rules No one under 21 could play under proposed regulations from the state's attorney general.
Soccer Player Mistaken For Terrorist In Belgian Hotel The police recognized him immediately and posed for a picture with him after the incident.
Derek Jeter Denies Giving Gift Baskets To One-Night Stands One of baseball's great rumors appears to be bunk. Emphasis on \appears.\
What's Wrong With James Harden? He needs to get back to doing what he does best.
Ex-Wife Of Former Cowboys Player Claims Team Knew Of Domestic Abuse She details some very disturbing,  violent episodes.
A Boy At School Got Bullied, So A Classmate Gave Him Some LeBrons The boy had been teased for the shoes he wore to school one day.
LeBron James Just Wishes The Cavs Were As Hungry As The Warriors \We're just too nice.\
Metta World Peace Checks President Obama's NBA Ownership Fantasy He said President Obama has to \work his way up.\
Tom Brady Really Seemed To Hate His GQ \u2018Man Of The Year\u2019 Interview All 746 words of the back-and-forth can be summed up in two
Alex Poythress Got His Tooth Stuck In The Net During A Dunk Alex Poythress was lucky to not mess up his entire grill.
ESPN's Cris Carter Thinks 'Dabbing' Dance Is Called 'Bapping' Carter seemed pretty confident that he had the right name for the dance.
Top 10 College Basketball Seniors Of 2015 Like fine wine, these guys have only gotten better with age.
Lassana Diarra Plays For French National Team Days After Cousin's Death In Paris Attacks Antoine Griezmann, whose sister survived the attacks, also played for France on Tuesday.
Bernie Sanders Tried To Make Daily Fantasy Sports Illegal Enough damn commercials!
Carmelo Anthony Calls For Prison Reform After Rikers Island Visit \We need to make sure that incarceration leads to rehabilitation.\
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar America has always had a complicated relationship with our athletes.
NFL Suspends Oakland Raiders' Aldon Smith For One Year The NFL dropped the hammer after Smith's fifth arrest in three years.
Holly Holm Celebrates All Her Hard Work Finally Paying Off \All the hours in the gym and all the years of dedication to help me get to this moment.\
It's Official, Donald Sterling Will Never Own The Clippers Again Thank goodness.
Lamar Odom Facing Possible Felony Drug Charge Odom is still recovering from his October overdose.
John Oliver Devotes 20 Minutes To Mocking Daily Fantasy Sports \DraftKings even claims on its website that it\u2019s \u2018100% legal,\u2019 which is immediately suspicious.\
Peyton Manning Benched After Breaking NFL Passing Yards Record Manning wound up producing one of the worst performances of his career.
All That Talk Of Greg Hardy Being A Locker Room Leader Is BS He missed team activities again last week.
NFL Player Drew Stanton Celebrates Touchdown Like A Little Kid And it's perfect.
Everyone Is Acting Like They Beat Ronda Rousey You didn't beat Ronda Rousey. Holly Holm did. Stop gloating.
Watch These Pats Fans Erupt On A Plane After Last-Second Victory \Here we go Patriots, here we go!\
Ronda Rousey Eerily Predicted How She Would Lose Ain't that a kick in the head?
Ronda Rousey Knocked Out By Holly Holm In 'Unthinkable' UFC Loss The former undefeated women's bantamweight champion was toppled in the second round.
Russia Can Only Return To Olympics If Compliant With Global Rules, Olympic Committee Says The move comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the Sports Ministry to conduct an internal investigation.
NFL Teams Honor Paris Victims With Touching Tributes Teams and fans showed solidarity with Paris in Sunday's games.
'There Are No Words:' France, Germany Soccer Players React To Paris Attacks A French player's sister escaped the Bataclan theater unharmed.
Army Football Team Brings French Flag Onto Field At West Point A winning gesture.
Russia Banned From Track Competition Indefinitely, Olympics Included \This has been a shameful wake-up call.\
Watch Evacuating Soccer Fans Sing The French National Anthem After Paris Attacks They responded not with anger, but with unity.
The Five Reasons We're Most Excited About College Basketball This Season Will everyone be chasing Melo Trimble and the Terps?
For Metta World Peace's Birthday, His 10 Greatest Moments A living legend.
Under Attack, DraftKings Said To Ask Partners To Pull Back As part of a massive advertising blitz that eventually drew regulators\u2019 attention, daily fantasy sports operators spent money
LeBron Reaches Out To Sick Teen Way to go, King.
DraftKings Sues New York Attorney General Over Daily Fantasy Sports Ruling Eric Schneiderman ordered the company to cease operations in the state earlier this week.
The Daily Fantasy Sports Protests In NYC Looked Hilarious \GAME. OF. SKILL. GAME. OF. SKILL.\
Steph Curry's Defender Got A Hand On His Three-Pointer And It Still Went In Obviously.
Gary Pinkel To Resign As Missouri Football Coach For Health Reasons Pinkel was diagnosed with lymphoma in May.
Michael Wright Found Dead And Covered In Trash Bags In Brooklyn The medical examiner has ruled Wright's death a homicide.
FanDuel Tweets That Killing Fantasy Sports Could Lead To Greater Injustices \If politicians are going to tell you that you can't play fantasy sports, what will they tell you next?\
Ray Lewis Posts Preview Of Awful-Sounding Song On Instagram It's not too late to back out, Ray.
Dale Hansen Calls Out Hardy For 'Innocent Until Proven Guilty\u2019 Remark \He has been found guilty, a North Carolina judge says he is.\
Uh, What Even Is This Stephen Curry Shot? COME ON.
Jeff Van Gundy Rips Dallas Fans For Supporting Hardy, Booing DeAndre \That, to me, is absurd.\
The NFL Fined A Player $5,000 For Wearing These Patriotic Shoes The colors were fine, but the words \proud\ and \brave\ were too much.
Six Sentences That Every Parent Of A Football Player Should Read The scary prospect that football's real danger isn't concussion-related.
Sepp Blatter Hospitalized After Stress-Related 'Breakdown' The current FIFA president is 79 years old.
Tommy Hanson's 911 Call Described An 'Overdose' Before His Death The official cause of death is under investigation.
Missouri Football Coach Backs Away From Student Activists \This was strictly about me supporting my players and nothing else,\ Mizzou coach Gary Pinkel said.
Congressman \When our kids are leaving and going to football games and not coming home, it's a problem.\
Kobe Hired A Film Crew And We\u2019re Supposed To Pretend It\u2019s Not A Clue? WAKE UP, SHEEPLE.
Kobe Is Dismantling The Lakers, But Not For The Reasons You Think The Black Mamba needs to relinquish his tight grip on the Lakers offense.
Greg Hardy Briefly Changed His Twitter Bio To Something, Uh, Interesting You can understand why he quickly changed it to something else.
New York Attorney General Drops The Hammer On Daily Fantasy Sports Sites #finalfantasy
MLB Is Ready To Prove It Takes Domestic Violence Seriously Rob Manfred has surrounded himself with domestic violence experts. With Jose Reyes, he faces his first test.
Ronda Rousey Breaks Down Her Victories \I don't memorize moves, I just do what makes sense at the time.\
Congressman Wants To Review NFL Domestic Violence Policies In Wake Of Greg Hardy Photos \The employment of this individual is sending the absolute wrong message.\
Rockies Shortstop Jose Reyes Arrested For Domestic Violence He is accused of attacking his wife at the Four Seasons in Maui.
Michael Phelps For almost five days in the fall of 2014, the most decorated Olympian in history lay curled in a fetal position in his Baltimore
U.S. Soccer Bans Headers For Kids Under The Age Of 11 The rulebook was changed in response to a 2014 lawsuit by parents and players.
This Is How It Feels To Lose A Gutsy NFL Game Chin up, Philip Rivers.
What Can We Learn From Mizzou? Missouri football players help bring major change to campus, providing a glimpse of the power college athletes can have.
Mizzou Football Coach On Backing Player Boycott University of Missouri Coach Gary Pinkel said the protest was an \extraordinary\ circumstance that made football secondary.
How The Mizzou Protests Demonstrate The Power Of College Athletes \All of it boils down to athletes standing up.\
Mizzou Football Players Celebrate University President's Resignation \Social change is a beautiful thing.\
Michael Sam Shows His Support For Missouri's Protests Against Racism The football team was on strike.
That ESPN Story On The Dissenting Missouri Player Sure Looks Silly Now A lesson in why you shouldn't write stories off a single, anonymous source.
Police Sergeant Helps Bloodied Runner Cross Finish Line The runner had fallen due to exhaustion with about 200 yards to go.
John Oliver Takes On The Redskins' Comical Legal Argument He's got a point.
Drake Dancing Courtside At An NBA Game Can Only Mean One Thing HOTLINE BLING.
Matt Barnes Views Terrorizing His Ex As Handling 'Grown Men's Business' Jealousy is childish.
ESPN Reporter Blasts Cowboys' Sponsors After Greg Hardy Revelations \There's one effective solution and that's to let the dollars vote.\
Missouri Football Players Won't Play Until University President Resigns The players called a protest after a graduate student went on a hunger strike earlier in the week.
Containing Steph Curry -- Impossible? At the age of 27, Curry is only looking to get better, and that might be dangerous to any opposing team in the NBA.
Mississippi State Football Player And Father Die In Car Accident Keith Joseph Jr. was just 18 years old.
Jerry Jones Stands By Greg Hardy After Deadspin Article Photos showed Hardy ex-girlfriend severely bruised after altercation.
Harden Drops 43 Leads Rockets Past Kings James Harden is no Stephen Curry but the runner up MVP is making noise as he gets his Rockets back on track in the West.
Where Are All the Black NBA Coaches? Examining a Sudden, Silent Disappearance A startling, worrying trend.
92-Year-Old Blazers Super Fan Finally Gets To Meet Damian Lillard Awww! #MerleMetLillard
Photos Emerge Showing NFL Star's Horrific (Alleged) Domestic Violence Barefoot and frightened, Nicole Holder walked as fast as she could through the darkness, and the moment she saw the cops
How Stephen Curry Rocketed To Another Level Breaking down the MVP's season, by the numbers.
Reckless Indiferrence Violence against women
Greg Hardy\u2019s Domestic Violence Record Expunged By Judge It doesn\u2019t erase his violent image, though.
Former Raiders Player Anthony Smith Convicted Of Three Murders He faces life in prison without parole.
No Charges For Patrick Kane After Rape Investigation The Erie County district attorney deemed the case \rife with reasonable doubt.\
Are The Cincinnati Bengals Finally True Contenders? Andy Dalton and the Bengals are eying the Patriots' perch atop the AFC.
Yet Another High School Football Player Dies As Death Total Piles Up Luke Schemm was just 17 years old.
CC Sabathia Opens Up For First Time Since Entering Rehab He's out of treatment and ready to go for next season.
The NCAA And NFL Need To Stop Arbitrarily Taking Stands On Issues They stood against bigoted laws in the past, why aren't they doing it now?
Ranking NBA Rookies Based Entirely On Their Best Moves Thus Far Screw the sabermetrics.
LeBron James Is So Over Wearing Sleeved NBA Jerseys Let 'em rip.
Cody Zeller Shows Why Playing NBA Basketball Is A Bloodsport Ouch.
Clemson, LSU, Ohio State, Alabama Top First Playoff Rankings Notre Dame and Baylor are the first two teams currently ranked outside the playoffs.
New York Mets GM Sandy Alderson Collapses During News Conference The GM said he had not eaten breakfast and felt lightheaded.
Sources A template for beat writers.
Kansas City Royals' Jonny Gomes Delivers Patriotic & Confrontational World Series Victory Speech \We whooped their a**!\u201d
Victor Cruz He's the latest player to call for better contracts as injuries and player safety get more attention.
NBA Game Delayed Due To A Pickle -- Yes, You Read That Right Your move, NFL fans.
Patrick Kane's Rape Accuser Withdraws From Investigation She said the investigation has put too much stress on her and her family.
Donald Trump Is Worried The NFL Is Becoming Too Soft \Don't make it too politically correct.\
Last-Place Pro Golfer Swings Like \u2018Happy Gilmore\u2019 At PGA Event This needs to happen in the PGA more often.
Protesters Arrested After Rappelling NFL Stadium To Hang Banner They're going after Bank of America inside Bank of America Stadium.
Ricardo Lockette Needs Neck Surgery After Sunday's Big Hit Sad news after a scary play.
Dez Bryant Angrily Denies Making Fun Of Injured Seahawks Player Not a good look either way for Dez.
PETA Is Not Happy About This Photo Of Dez Bryant With A Baby Monkey This is serious monkey business.
Some Pseudo-Statistical Evidence That D\u2019Angelo Russell Should Keep Away From The Kardashians Numbers don't lie.
5 Moments From The World Series That Will Haunt Mets Fans For Years WARNING
Stephen Curry Is Hogging The Ball And It's Completely Awesome The reigning MVP is finally doing what basketball nerds have long desired.
360-Degree Video Technology Lets Newbies Like Us Surf Inside A Tahitian Barrel Thanks, virtual reality!
Kenya's Stanley Biwott, Mary Keitany Win At NYC Marathon NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Kenya's Stanley Biwott and Mary Keitany swept the titles at the New York City Marathon on Sunday. Keitany
Kansas City Royals Lead World Series 3-1 NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 The Kansas City Royals keep finding new ways to win this October. And now with one more victory in November
LeBron James Singing Prince's 'Purple Rain' Wins The Night He brought the moves too.
Miami Beats Duke On Absurd Lateral-Filled Kick Return Did that really happen?
Brand New CrossFit Man At age 56, I get to be a rock star. In an athletic setting. Surrounded by some of the fittest and most motivated people I have ever met. All I have to do is keep showing up and let them watch me go at CrossFit with complete abandon. I have a new set of friends and admirers.
American Pharoah Ends Career With Breeders' Cup Win LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) \u2014 Triple Crown champion American Pharoah took charge out of the gate, winning the $5 million Breeders
New York Mets Win Game 3 Of 2015 World Series The series is now 2-1 heading into Saturday's Game 4.
Ohio State QB J.T. Barrett Suspended 1 Game After OVI Citation Barrett was stopped at a police check point on Saturday morning.
Matt Barnes Is Probably Going To Hear More \u2018Derek Fisher\u2019 Chants For worse or for worse.
NFL Lobbyist Opens The Door To New Position On Daily Fantasy Leagues The league doesn\u2019t consider it \u201cgambling\ now, but if its legal status \u201cwere to change, we would change our view of it.\u201d
Former Bears Player Jeremiah Ratliff Makes Death Threats At Team \He felt like killing everybody in the building.\u201d
Kobe Bryant's Justification For Shooting Threes Is As Perfect As You'd Think It's hard to argue with this logic.
ESPN Closing Grantland Is The Dumbest 'Smart' Business Decision What it says about our society is troubling.
Runners With Disabilities Gain Confidence And Community Through New York City Marathon They've run the miles, reached the milestones and accomplished every step of it with the help of others.
NFL Wide Receiver Sues FanDuel For Using His Name To Make Money Pierre Gar\u00e7on accuses the daily fantasy sports site of acting without his consent.
Johnny Manziel Reportedly Won't Be Disciplined For Alleged Roadside Domestic Violence The league met with Manziel in Cleveland on Wednesday night.
Minnesota Coach Jerry Kill Retires After Battling Epilepsy \I feel like a part of me died.\
Kansas City Royals Grab 2-0 Lead In 2015 World Series This puts them in the driver's seat heading into Game 3 on Friday.
Katie Nolan Calls On Dallas Cowboys To Get Help For Greg Hardy Because mental health matters more than football.
Julius Randle Stands Up To Kevin Garnett And Lives To Tell The Tale And it is a tale of bravery and fortitude.
Jason Pierre-Paul Signs Deal With New York Giants After Losing Finger Giants say they're \comfortable\ with the player's recovery from his July 4 fireworks accident.
Game 1 Of World Series Broadcast Interrupted By Outage And we're off to a great start.
Obama Shares His Hot Take On This Year's Chicago Bulls Some partisan support from the commander in chief.
Derek Jeter Confirms Engagement To Hannah Davis Jeter might be captaining a family soon.
Former MLB All-Star Lenny Dykstra Claims He Blackmailed Umpires \Fear does a lot to a man.\
New York Giants' Victor Cruz Reveals His Secret To Staying Sane Essentially
Eric Hosmer Avoids Bill Buckner Comparisons With Game-Winning Redemption From goaded to G.O.A.T.
NFL Fines William Gay For Domestic Violence Awareness Cleats He's got a solution to the NFL's uniform problem, though.
Most College Sports Fans Won't Stop Watching If Athletes Are Paid, Poll Finds The effect of compensation on fan interest has been a subject of contention in antitrust lawsuits against the NCAA.
The Dallas Cowboys Are Going All-In On Abusive Greg Hardy Because football.
The Cleveland Browns Reportedly Want Johnny Manziel To Dump His Girlfriend. They Should Dump Him With domestic violence allegations hanging over Manziel, it's a cowardly request from the NFL team.
The 5 NBA Rookies You Need To Watch This Season These guys got next.
MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred Says League Must Improve Minority Hiring With diversity numbers down, Manfred is calling for a change.
HISTORIC How the 2015 World Series holds up a mirror to baseball's queasy segregated present.
The Offshore Game of Online Sports Betting Should we just legalize online gambling so it can be regulated?
Here's Why We Need To Stop Criticizing LeBron James No one is more clutch than this man.
Greg Hardy Explodes On Cowboys Sideline But Goes Quiet Postgame The hot-tempered Hardy got into it with coaches, players and media on Sunday night.
Blind Ultramarathoner Will Move You To Go The Distance In New Ad Where heart and high-tech meet.
Kobe Bryant Went Full Mamba On Trash-Talking Lakers Teammates Never poke the bear.
NBA Stars And Coaches Share Heartfelt Stories About Flip Saunders Rest in peace to the ever-humble Flip Saunders.
Georgia Tech Beats Florida State On 78-Yard Return On Final Play ATLANTA (AP) \u2014 Call this one Kick Six, The Sequel. It may have ended Florida State's national championship hopes. Lance Austin
Timberwolves Head Coach Phil 'Flip' Saunders Dies Of Cancer MINNEAPOLIS (AP) \u2014 Flip Saunders, the longtime NBA coach who won more than 650 games in nearly two decades and was trying
Brothel Worker Says Lamar Odom Was In 'Pain' The cellphone service along Nevada state Route 160 starts getting spotty about 30 miles outside of Las Vegas. Calls drop
Kansas City Royals Heading To World Series KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) \u2014 The Royals earned another champagne shower at Kauffman Stadium. Lorenzo Cain sprinted home from first
Not All College Football Teams Are Treated Equally Not all college football teams are treated equally. Some clearly get a pass when it comes to ranking, scheduling, who makes it to bowl games, and even the national championship. There's a clear demarcation between the \old money\ and the \nouveau riche.\
Junior College Football Game Ends Early After Violence Erupts Referees called the game due to \violent ejections.\
UFC Reinstates Former Champion Jon Jones He can return to the octagon effective immediately.
High School Football Sportsmanship Doesn\u2019t Get Better Than This Get by with a little help from your opponents.
Authorities Suspect Lamar Odom Overdosed On Cocaine, Other Drugs The good news is that his health has reportedly improved as of late.
You Can Now Access NBA Games Via Twitter And Facebook Posts Buh-bye, competition.
Sheldon Richardson Channels Anger At Roger Goodell Over Misleading Media Richardson was just there so he wouldn't get fined.
Vince Wilfork Wants Justice For Friend Killed By Cop \This week, this is my purpose.\
New York Mets Advance To 2015 World Series The sweep of the Cubs sends the Mets to the World Series for the first time since 2000.
These New York Mets Fans Are Expert Chicago Cubs Trolls How clever.
This Is What 107 Years Without A World Series Title Looks Like Another year, another victory for the billy goat.
Richard Sherman Explains A Weekly Contradiction In NFL Player Safety Well, he has a point.
Olympic Silver Medalist Gus Kenworthy Comes Out As Gay \Hiding everything away is so painful. I'm just at that point where I'm ready to open up and let everyone see me for me and I hope everyone accepts it.\
LeBron James And Michelle Obama Take Stage To Promote Education Talk about a power couple.
Lamar Odom's Speech Is Improving During Therapy, Family Says One step at a time.
Lamar Odom Back In Los Angeles, May Need Kidney Transplant Welcome back to La-La land, L.O.
There Won\u2019t Be Any Annoying Daily Fantasy Sports Ads During March Madness The NCAA actually did a good thing for once.
John Henson Receives Apology From Owner Of Store That Refused Him Service Henson called the incident \degrading.\
New York Mets Beat Chicago Cubs To Take 3-0 Lead In NLCS CHICAGO (AP) \u2014 Daniel\u00a0Murphy is a contact hitter known for shaky fielding and occasionally getting lost on the bases. This
Chris Paul Really Doesn't Like Being Spoken To 'Like A Little Kid' He got ejected after reminding the referee of his adulthood.
10 NBA Players With New Teams We're Irrationally Excited About Kobe and Metta World Peace are reunited.
Former Louisville Cardinals Basketball Players Acknowledge Stripper Parties LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Five former University of Louisville basketball players and recruits told Outside the Lines that they
Former NBA All-Star Chris Webber To Teach Course At Wake Forest The \Fab Five\ player will lead a class on sports, race and society.
DraftKings Investigation Answers Just One Of The Questions Facing Daily Fantasy Sports Sites Probe clearing the employee at the center of the scandal won't end scrutiny of the industry.
Detroit Tigers Pitcher Daniel Norris Played With Cancer All Summer Talk about resilience.
LeBron James No Longer First Choice For Starting A New Franchise, Says GM Survey LeBron is on the wrong side of 30, after all.
Suspended FIFA Executive On Investigation Michel Platini believes he could replace Sepp Blatter as FIFA President.
Jerry Seinfeld\u2019s Slow Clapping Is Magic For The Mets It'll put you in a trance.
Indianapolis Colts Execute The Dumbest NFL Play Of The Season A play-calling snafu lead the Colts to a big loss against the Patriots.
The Worst Turf In the NFL Just Swallowed A Kicker's Foot Whole Not exactly a field of dreams.
Jerry West Pushes Back Against Doc Rivers' Criticism The NBA's logo
Obama Consoles Michigan Football After Heartbreaking Loss The commander-in-empathy had a word with Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh.
Lamar Odom Reportedly Gets Out Of Bed For First Time Since Hospitalization He's made literal steps towards recovery.
Another High School Football Player Dies He is the fifth high school football player to die in two months.
Michigan Hands Rivalry Game To MSU With Last-Second Fumble Always take care of the football.
Obama Chose MLB Playoffs Over Democratic Presidential Debate \There was a little bit of clicking back and forth.\
Mets Advance To NLCS For First Time Since 2006 They will be facing the Chicago Cubs on Saturday.
Lamar Odom Likely Suffered Brain Damage, According To Reports He's still on life support.
A Fan Got A Tattoo Of Jose Bautista's Bat Flip That didn't take long.
Minnesota Lynx Capture Third WNBA Title In Five Years \This never gets old.\
TMZ Lamar Odom spent a fortune -- $75,000 -- at Love Ranch South in just over 3 days.
Seattle Seahawks' Derrick Coleman Suspended Following Hit-And-Run Coleman is the third deaf player in NFL history
Memo To CNN CNN's coverage of the former Laker hits a snag.
FBI, Justice Department Investigating Daily Fantasy Sports Business Model The Justice Department is trying to figure out whether daily fantasy sports are legal.
Stories Of Lamar Odom's Kindness Pour In From Around The NBA The thoughts and prayers of the NBA brotherhood are behind him.
Lamar Odom's Condition Reportedly 'Deteriorating' The situation remains fluid.
Kenney Bui Kenny Bui was the first high school football player to die in a month.
University of Florida Defensive Back Arrested For Shooting At Girlfriend Deiondre Porter has since been suspended from the team.
NBA Stars Send Thoughts And Prayers To Lamar Odom Everyone's pulling for Lamar.
Steelers' Cameron Heyward Fined For Honoring Late Father Just another ridiculous uniform policy by the NFL.
Tom Bosworth Comes Out In Hopes People Will Focus On His Athletic Feats, Not His Sexual Orientation \u201cHopefully in two or three years' time, coming out won't be a news story.\
Curt Schilling Thinks ISIS Won The Democratic Presidential Debate Strong take, Curt.
Chicago Cubs Advance To First NLCS Since 2003 They are hoping to win their first World Series since 1908.
Lamar Odom Did Cocaine Before He Collapsed At Brothel The former NBA star's days-long bender also included 10 sexual performance-enhancing supplements.
Culture Is The Winning Ingredient That's Changed The Falcons In Atlanta, a GM and a head coach find common ground.
High School Football Player Stabs Father After Argument Over Practice The 11th-grader has been charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
This Japanese Swordsman Should Be Playing In The MLB Playoffs A 100 mph fastball is nothing for this guy.
This Silly NFL Gaffe Might Have Been Evidence Of A Concussion The Jaguars player went to block instead of going for the tackle.
New York Martyr Ruben Tejada Receives Hero\u2019s Piggyback Ride In Return Proof that you're never too old for a piggyback ride.
Stephen Curry Apologizes For Being Better Than Everyone Else Apology accepted.
Steve Spurrier Resigns As South Carolina Football Coach The 70-year-old coach is hanging it up.
DeAngelo Williams Wants To Wear Breast Cancer Pink To Honor His Late Mom. The NFL Won't Let Him. He's lost loved ones to breast cancer, but that doesn't matter to the NFL.
Deadspin Briefly Suspended From Twitter Over GIFs The NFL complained that use of the short videos violated copyright law.
Calm Yourself, NFL Fan Of A Winning Team If MY team isn't winning, then nothing else matters, right?
Sunday Was Filled With An Abnormal Number Of Ridiculous NFL Plays It wasn't just you that was thinking it.
USF Football Player Accused Of Firing Gun At Campus Dorm, Police Say Freshman Benjamin Knox was arrested shortly after the incident.
Two Runners Get Hitched In The Middle Of The Chicago Marathon The three keys to running
Man Shot And Critically Wounded In Dallas Cowboys Parking Lot The shooter was reportedly encouraged by a crowd to kill the victim.
We Spoke To 'Will From Queens,' The Tearful, Passionate Mets Fan \This is Queens, this is not the Yankees.\
Bengals Win Because Of Science, Says Neil deGrasse Tyson The Coriolis effect, caused by the earth's rotation, explains why the ball bounced right after hitting a goal post upright.
California Becomes First State To Ban 'Redskins' Team Name \This issue is not going away.\
USC Coach Steve Sarkisian On Leave After Reportedly Showing Up \u2018In No Condition To Work' Athletic director says the second-year USC coach is unwell.
USC Fires Head Coach Steve Sarkisian Clay Helton will step up as interim head coach.
'Will From Queens' Cries On Mike Francesa's Show, Is The Perfect Mets Fan Not the hero we deserved, but the one we needed.
Ronda Rousey Shares Encouraging Message For Paralyzed MMA Fighter A touching heart-to-heart between two fighters.
Terry Bradshaw Is Fed Up With The NFL's Domestic Violence Problem Bradshaw ripped into Dallas Cowboy Greg Hardy upon his return from a four-game suspension for domestic violence.
Next Time Greg Hardy Abuses Women, He's Out Of The NFL. Who Does That Help? It's complicated.
Pete Rose\u2019s Thoughts On Head Injuries Are Irresponsible And Dangerous He criticized Josh Donaldson for leaving a game after a head injury.
Sorry Baseball Fans, But Vin Scully Will Miss The MLB Postseason Next season will be his last in the booth.
Area Man Swallowed Whole By Living, Breathing Tarp Sometimes you fold the tarp, sometimes the tarp folds you.
Stephen Colbert Insults A Billy Goat, Scaring Cubs Fans Everywhere \There is no possible way this decision can come back to haunt me.\
No, Drake And Serena Williams Are Still Not Engaged Let's pump the brakes on this one.
Thabo Sefolosha Found Not Guilty On All Three Counts He had been accused of misdemeanor obstructing government administration, disorderly conduct and resisting arrest.
Chris Burns Comes Out As First Gay Division I Men's Basketball Coach Sports was always a place I couldn't be me. Basketball gave me a very secure identity at a young age, which was crucial, but
Greg Hardy Is Going To Play On Sunday Without Ever Apologizing Nearly a year and a half later, Greg Hardy has yet to apologize for his domestic violence offense.
LeBron James Can Do Anything On A Basketball Court, Like Taking A Selfie With Young Fans The NBA really needs selfie sticks at the scorer's table.
Todd Bowles Has Taken The Jets From Really Bad To Really Good New York's 3-1 start is its best in five years.
DraftKings, FanDuel Sued Over Fantasy Sports Scandal The class-action suit accuses the two companies of fraud and negligence, among other charges.
Katie Nolan Challenges Greg Hardy, Media And The NFL To Do Better \It\u2019s just like what are we f***ing doing? What matters to you?\
38-Year-Old Vince Carter Gets Blocked By The Rim During Simple Dunk Attempt Half-man, half-a-man-aging.
Sepp Blatter Faces 90-Day Suspension From FIFA The FIFA president may finally be facing punishment.
DraftKings Scandal Means Fewer Horrible DraftKings-Sponsored Ads It's the one good thing to come out of this daily fantasy sports scandal.
It's Time For The Eagles To Cut Ties With Chip Kelly Philadelphia, at 1-3, ranks 30th in offense and 30th on third down.
DraftKings, FanDuel Permanently Ban Employees From Playing Daily Fantasy The moves follow a scandal that brought public and congressional scrutiny to the industry.
Remember When The Astros Moved The Date Of Taylor Swift's Concert? We were all making fun of them when they did it. Now, the joke's on us.
Racial Biases Of Police A Focus As Thabo Sefolosha's Trial Begins Thabo Sefolosha is trying to clear his name against the NYPD's claims.
Insider Trading Scandal Rocks Multimillion Dollar Fantasy Sports Industry There is no independent oversight over how the contests are run and whether everyone who enters is on a level playing field.
85-Year-Old Yankees Fan Throws Major Shade At A-Rod In Obituary A parting shot at Alex Rodriguez.
Congress Is Waking Up To The Unregulated World Of Draft Kings And FanDuel \There's absolutely scandalous conduct taking place,\ Sen. Harry Reid said.
#Batgate Is Just The Latest Proof That NFL Rules Are Too Complicated Seems like we have another confusing rules controversy.
CC Sabathia Checks Himself Into Alcohol Rehab Center The Yankees pitcher will not participate in the playoffs.
NJ Priest Allegedly Points Gun, Threatens 8-Year-Old Cowboys Fan The priest is supposedly a New York Giants fan.
Cowboys Defense 'More Porous Than The Texas Border,' Says Man In Charge Of Texas Border Statistically speaking, that appears to be true.
Fan's Big Belly Behind Botched Field Goal Causes Gut Reaction This is one way to measure your self-girth.
Stephen A. Smith To KD The war of words between Smith and Kevin Durant is getting awkward.
These Two Little Kids Are Better At Soccer Than You Are At Anything They're on a Barcelona youth soccer team, obviously.
Fan Dies After Collapsing At Chiefs-Bengals Game Police and paramedics tried to revive the man at the stadium.
Washington State High School Football Player Dies After In-Game Injury Kenney Bui was critically injured while trying to make a tackle during a recent game.
ESPN's Interruption Of Dabo Swinney Interview Is Friggin' Funny That uncomfortable behind-the-scenes silence.
Staunch Sisi Supporter Calls for Opening of Stadia and Dialogue with Ultras A staunch supporter of general-turned-president Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi, Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris, has called on the government to allow soccer fans, a pillar of anti-government protest, back into stadia that have largely been closed to the public for nearly five years.
Hope Solo Will Face Domestic Violence Charges From 2014 Incident The case was initially dismissed by a court in January.
Warren Sapp Pleads Guilty To Domestic Violence Charge This is Sapp's second guilty plea in 2015 for an assault against a woman.
NFL Contenders And Pretenders Which of these hot starting teams is for real?
James Harden Has His \u2018What Are Those??\u2019 Moment No, they're not K-Swiss' new line.
A-Rod Has A Bit Of A Hard Time During Yankees Wild Card Party Champagne parties sound fun but look cold.
Louisville Probing Claim Staffer Hired Escorts For Recruits \We want to get to the bottom of it.\
David Stern Says 'Let's Go All The Way' With Legalized Sports Betting He thinks it's time.
LeBron James Speaks Out After Local Child\u2019s Accidental Drive-By Death \Accept more from yourselves.\
9 Reasons Why The Dodgers Will Definitely Win The World Series Do you believe in Magic?
Whoops! The NFL Didn't Get Through A Whole Month Without An Arrest (UPDATE) Most NFL players were on their best behavior in September.
Snoop Dogg Goes Off On Steelers Kicker Like Only Snoop Dogg Can Nothing like an Instagram rant right after your team lost.
The Selfie Girls Everyone Mocked Use Their Fame For Good They turned down free tickets and asked for donations as part of Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
Serena Williams Ends Her Season Early, Citing Health Concerns \This is a very difficult decision, but one ultimately made because of the love of the game.\
Munenori Kawasaki Was Drunk And Hilarious After His Team Clinched The AL East He was celebrating the Blue Jays' first AL East title in 22 years the right way.
Cam Newton Gives Reporter Hilarious Death Stare For The Ages Suffice it to say he does not think referee Ed Hochuli is telling the truth.
Congress Bars Pro Teams From Profiting Off Troops At Sports Events The NFL has been earning millions of taxpayer dollars off of sponsored military appearances.
Serena Williams' Missed Shot At Tennis History Broke Her Heart Injuries aren't the only thing Serena's mending this offseason.
Bud Norris Thinks Foreign Players Need To Respect 'America's Game' If They Want 'Our American Dollars' \They Took Our Jerbs\ strikes again.
Poor MLB Announcers Fail To Realize Taking Selfies With Friends Is Super Fun Don't knock selfies at baseball games until you've tried selfies at baseball games.
Poor Yankees Fan Goes 0-3 For The Night With One Shot To The Face If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then just grab the ball.
Fox Sports' Reporter Hit By Car On Live Broadcast, But He's Fine Not your average day at work.
Man Convicted Of Murdering Adrian Peterson's Son Peterson saw his son for the first time a day before he died.
Here's D-Rose's Version Of Events Regarding His Alleged Sexual Assault Rose's legal team insists that all acts were consensual.
3 Takeaways From The Ninth Circuit Ruling On NCAA Athletes The decision contains major implications for college athletes.
New Nike Deal Ensures Future For Women\u2019s Pro Soccer In U.S. Four more years, four more years!
Dwyane Wade Is Really Good At Lip-Syncing 'This Is How We Do It' Wade is making an early bid for MVP.
Death Of High School Quarterback Evan Murray Ruled An Accident No head trauma was found in the autopsy.
Ewan Family To Donate Ex-Enforcer's Brain To CTE Research The hockey world has been increasingly invested in learning about the brain disease.
Extreme Sports Star Erik Roner Dies In Skydiving Accident He was 39.
If Kobe Bryant Plays Beyond This Year, He\u2019s Playing With The Lakers \I\u2019m a Laker for better or worse.\
Kobe Bryant Teaches D'Angelo Russell The Secret To Laker Basketball I don't think Russell was very surprised when Kobe told him this.
Justin Bieber Misses The Mark In Defending Floyd Mayweather Bieber's defense of his good friend fails to address Mayweather's reality.
Stephen Piscotty Injured In Horrific Outfield Collision (GRAPHIC VIDEO) The Cardinals rookie suffered a 'head contusion' in the incident.
Larry Brown And SMU Suspended By NCAA For Academic Fraud \I don't know why I lied,\ Brown said of the fraud.
UFC Champion Jon Jones Sentenced In Hit-And-Run Case Involving A Pregnant Woman He won't have to serve any jail time.
Threats. Vitriol. Hate. Ugly Truth About Women In Sports And Socail Media \It\u2019s time for the forces that carved out a space for women in locker rooms to do the same in our online communities.\
Antonio Cromartie Shuts Down Coach's Son For Making Fun Of Him On Twitter Never a good idea to make fun of an NFL player if you're the coach's son.
Adorable Young Fan Cries Tears Of Joy Over Patriots Tickets #Bellagate.
J.J. Watt Gets Two \u2018Saved By The Bell\u2019 Encounters In One Week Who wouldn't be so excited to get a shoutout from the one and only Kelly Kapowski?
New Nike Ad Celebrates Marathon Runners Who Come In Last Just finish it.
Tom Brady Slowly Backing Away From That Donald Trump Endorsement The Patriots QB attempted to clarify his stance on the controversial reality star.
Gregg Popovich Breaks The Fourth Wall In Hilariously Uncomfortable Interview The NBA season isn't even here yet and Pop is at peak Pop.
Video Of Miko Grimes\u2019 Arrest Outside Of Miami Dolphins\u2019 Stadium Goes Viral A handcuffed Grimes stopped struggling only when threatened with a Taser.
NFL Referee Ed Hochuli Denies Cam Newton\u2019s Ageism Allegations How old is \old enough\ to receive fair treatment from refs?
Curt Schilling Is Heading Back To ESPN, Still Posting Anti-Muslim Filth Some things never change, like Schilling's political views.
Le\u2019Veon Bell Becomes First Human To Fly Bell believes he can touch the sky.
Parker, Giant's Beat A's In Bay Bridge Series Sometimes even the best pitchers are nervous.  What was supposed to be the matchup of the year turned out to be a game to remember for rookie Jarrett Parker.
High School Quarterback Dies After Getting Tackled During Game Evan Murray was a \hometown hero,\ his friends say.
Lionel Messi Suffers Left Knee Injury He'll be back before the holidays.
5 Things You Might Not Have Known About Serena Williams She's been a public figure for two decades, but here are some lesser-known facts about the tennis star.
Why Wearing Redface To A Sporting Event Or Anywhere Else Is Wrong A Washington football fan appeared to wear redface at an NFL game on Thursday night.
New York Jets The New York Jets return home on Sunday, flying high off of their 20-7 victory of the Indianapolis Colts. The Jets are feeling good with their season starting off at 2-0, and they play host to a reeling Philadelphia Eagles team that has begun the year at 0-2.
The Myth of SEC Football In order to win a so-called \national championship,\ you have to be voted into the championship game.  That's the only way you can win, by being invited to play in it.  And up until a year ago, the voters made sure an SEC team was almost always invited.
Say Hello To This 7-Foot, 440-Pound High School Football Player John Krahn is now striving to lose weight -- both to aid his current team and his future prospects.
DeAngelo Hall Shares Heartwarming 'Mean Joe Green' Moment With Young Fan The injured player received a prayer from a young fan as he walked into the locker room.
Jordan Spieth Tries To Photobomb Fans' Picture, Succeeds Nice placement from the No. 3 golfer in the world.
Should Darren Sharper Be A Nominee For The Pro Football Hall of Fame? The former NFL star has been convicted of drugging and raping multiple women.
Prosecutor Refutes Patrick Kane Rape Kit Tampering Claims Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita called the claim a \bizarre hoax.\
Lawyer For Patrick Kane's Accuser Quits Case Over Rape Kit Concerns He's still confident in the accuser's allegations against Kane.
John Calipari Was Super Duper Pumped To See The Pope \If I get close enough, I absolutely will kiss his ring.\
Why The NCAA Is So Uneasy About The Rise Of Daily Fantasy Sports Unlike its pro sports counterparts, the NCAA sees a threat in the rapidly growing industry.
Cutest Little Baseball Player Stops At First To Tell Dad He Loves Him Your kid is not cuter than this kid.
Bruising Fullback Drags Tackler Long Way In Must-See TD Run Will. Not. Be. Denied.
Ronda Rousey Makes Fortune Magazine's '40 Under 40' List Rousey is taking the world by storm.
This Hilarious Little Kid Must Be The Most Motivational Trainer On Earth Remember the name \The young Jamaican trainer.\
Texas High School Football Coach Recants Statement Saying He Ordered Players To Hit Referee He says he lied to protect the kids.
Attorney For Patrick Kane's Accuser Says Rape Kit Tampered With Thomas Eoannou said Wednesday the rape kit was anonymously dropped off at his client's mother's house.
Another High School Football Referee Has Been Allegedly Targeted And Hit The football player involved in the tackle has been suspended.
8 'Yogi-isms' That The Hall Of Fame Catcher Definitely Said We don't know if a lot of the Hall of Fame catcher's quotes are accurate, but these ones are.
DeMarco Murray's Death Stare Strikes The Heart Of The Philadelphia Eagles' Season Yes, he's looking at you, Sam Bradford.
Baseball Legend Yogi Berra Dead At 90 The Hall of Fame catcher played on 10 World Series championship teams.
Riley Curry Does The 'Nae Nae' In New Video, Is Still Awesome Jeremy Lin made the new video, but Riley stole the show.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Speaks Out Against Ben Carson's Anti-Muslim Comments The NBA champ weighed in on Carson's problematic remarks on HuffPost Live.
GoFundMe Unwilling To Help Break Up Ciara And Russell Wilson We will assume they are all Pats fans.
Only NBA Nerds Will Catch The Joke In This NBA 2K16 Trailer Wait for it ... there he is!
Probable Demigod Robert Lewandowski Scores 5 Goals In 9 Minutes Somebody stop him.
South Carolina's Minor League Hockey Team To Wear 'Charleston Strong' Jerseys The team will be playing for the \Charleston 12.\
Donald Trump Weighs In On Crucial NFL Question It's the question and answer the Internet has been waiting for.
Yet Another NHL Enforcer Appears To Have Died By Suicide Todd Ewen died Saturday from what authorities say was a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Michael Jordan May Have To Admit He Is Not The Best At Something Well, this is new.
Tony Romo Leaves Game With Collarbone Injury He's going to miss serious time.
Buffalo Bills Safety Aaron Williams Released From Hospital Following Neck Injury He hurt his neck making a diving play against the New England Patriots.
Ex-NFL Player Laments Not Knowing About CTE Prior To Football Career According to Tom Crabtree, the league never informed him about the brain disease.
Texas High School Football Players Blame Coach After Tackling Referee They claim they were following his orders.
After Richard Sherman's Remarks On Black Lives Matter, Seahawks' Michael Bennett Calls For Unity Bennett doesn't exactly see eye-to-eye with Sherman on \black-on-black\ crime.
NFL Player Eric Berry Returns Home After Beating Cancer After months of chemotherapy, Berry is back where he belongs.
NBA Star Russell Westbrook Is Very Specific About How He Likes His PB&J Aren't we all?
Chris Bosh On Skip Bayless The Miami Heat star also talks about the challenges and advantages of post-LeBron life.
FIFA Suspends Secretary General Jerome Valcke From Duty He's alleged to have sold World Cup tickets above face value.
Jimmy Fallon Doles Out Some Pretty On-Point NFL Superlatives And they're more accurate than the ones in your high school yearbook.
Man Who Called Terrell Owens A Racial Slur Cites Freedom Of Speech The video of the racist name-calling is difficult to watch.
Indians Fireworks Guy Accidentally Lets 'Em Fly After Kansas City Home Run He was all types of sad after making this mistake.
Jason Pierre-Paul Says He Is Going To Be Back Soon, But Isn't Actually Going To Be Back Soon \Don't believe the hype.\
Michael Sam Says He's Returning To The University Of Missouri For Graduate School The athlete says he'll also \train to get back to football.\
Brazilian Soccer Superfan Clovis Acosta Fernandes Dead At 60 Images of a tearful Fernandes went viral during the 2014 World Cup.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson Discovers New York Is A Vast Hellscape Of Sadness, Like All Of Us Have \Three-bedroom, three-bathroom in New York, you\u2019re paying eight grand. It\u2019s ridiculous,\ the Brooklyn Nets rookie said.
High School Football Player With One Hand Breaks Receiving Record Every catch is a one-handed catch for Kris Silbaugh.
Rutgers Football Star Pleads Not Guilty To Domestic Violence Assault Charge Authorities say he slammed a woman onto concrete after a football game.
What Peyton Manning Did For A Woman Dying Of Breast Cancer Dear Peyton Manning, You took the time to read her letter. A letter that I can only imagine is one of thousands you receive
Jameis Winston Is Still A Highly Flawed Quarterback The No. 1 overall pick had a disappointing NFL debut.
What Not To Do When You And An MLB All-Star Both Catch A Ball TFW you realize you're struggling with an All-Star for a foul ball.
This Philadelphia Eagles Play-Calling Sign Is ... Is ... You tell us.
The Seahawks' DJ Is Hesitant to Play Future For Obvious Reasons What is a DJ to do?
Montrezl Harrell Pulls Driver Of Overturned Car To Safety The NBA draft pick plays the hero in Louisville once again.
Jake Olson, A Blind Long-Snapper, Practices With USC Football Team He's on his way to making his football dream come true.
New Jersey Congressman Wants Review Of Daily Fantasy Sports Rep. Frank Pallone says \murky\ legal landscape around the fast-growing industry merits scrutiny.
U.S. Open Final NEW YORK, Sept 13 (Reuters) - World number one Novak Djokovic overcame a bloody tumble to win the opening set of the best
Miss America Accidentally Goes To War With Entirety Of New England Betty Cantrell isn\u2019t ready to just let this whole \u201cDeflategate\u201d thing go.
Dez Bryant Breaks Foot, Still Loses Mind Celebrating Comeback Win Winning cures all.
Goodbye And Good Riddance To Floyd Mayweather Just don't let Floyd ride into the sunset a fighter first and a beater second.
Ronda Rousey Is Over Talking About Floyd Mayweather \I don\u2019t need his name for attention.\
UFC Fighter Suspended 5 Years For...Wait, What? Smoking Weed?! Seriously, half a decade for marijuana.
NBA Star Moses Malone Dead At Age 60 NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone died on Sunday at age 60. The\u00a0Philadelphia 76ers confirmed the \passing of a legend\ in a
This Cleveland Browns Superfan Is Trying To Get Fans To Buy The Team \u201cWouldn\u2019t it be cool if it was run not for the profit of a single owner, but for fans?\u201d
Floyd Mayweather Retires From Boxing \I've accomplished everything in this sport, there's nothing else to accomplish.\
In Defense of Matt Harvey The amount of vitriol unleashed on Matt Harvey for wanting a long, healthy career is stunning to me. We have derided the old days of the reserve clause when players were treated like chattel, yet we condemn a young man for heeding the word of his doctor.
Flavia Pennetta Beats Roberta Vinci To Win US Open Final The victory comes just one day after Vinci stunned Serena Williams in the semifinals.
James Blake Says Cop Who Slammed Him 'Doesn't Deserve' To Have Badge \This officer didn't treat his badge with respect and honor the way we're supposed to.\
OK Pats Fan, Now That's A Bit Much \u00a1Viva la Patriots!
New England Patriots Open NFL Season By Defeating Pittsburgh Steelers 28-21 Football is back \ud83d\ude4f\ud83c\udfc8
Flip Saunders Hospitalized Following Setback In Cancer Battle The Timberwolves said the head coach recently experienced complications from his chemotherapy treatments.
Help Us Figure Out What Antonio Brown\u2019s New Haircut Looks Like A Lego man? A Tetris piece? The state of Texas?
Roberta Vinci Shocks Serena Williams To Reach U.S. Open Finals The underdog has ended Williams' quest for a calendar-year Grand Slam.
Steelers Coach Incensed By Headset Situation At Gillette Stadium \We were listening to the Patriots radio broadcast for the majority of the first half on our headsets.\
Hockey Star's Sick Trick Will Blow You Away How does he do that?
Steelers-Patriots Live Game Updates All the tweets fit to print.
Floyd Mayweather, USADA Dispute Anti-Doping Rule Violation Report \It is simply absurd to suggest that we would ever compromise our integrity for any sport or athlete.\
A Lot Of Americans Are Thumbs Down On Roger Goodell And Tom Brady A pox on both their houses.
Spinning, Middle Finger-Waving Dodgers Fan Is The Perfect Thing He's the rare symbol for the real Los Angeles.
Millionaire NFL Running Back Alfred Morris Rides Bike To Work Washington's Morris has a tight ride.
California Legislature Approves Ban On 'Redskins' Mascots Four high schools would have to choose a new mascot under legislation passed Thursday.
Sorry Bratton, You Can\u2019t Say Race Has Nothing To Do With This There is no way to prove race played a role in the NYPD tackling James Blake, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't ask if it did.
Serena Williams Beats Venus In US Open Quarterfinals It was the 27th match between the two sisters.
NFL To Lobby Congress On Player Safety After a tough year in the headlines, and with a major movie about football concussions arriving in theaters this Christmas
Serena Williams Pays Homage To Her Sister In Cute Instagram Post \She has my heart.\
Oh Hey, Here\u2019s A Tiger Woods And Shooter McGavin Selfie Happy Gilmore conspicuously absent.
Now LeBron James Is Helping Ohio Parents Get Their GEDs Too His new partnership covers test fees and provides free bus passes and HP laptop computers.
Braxton Miller At Wide Receiver Had LeBron James Going Wild Braxton and LeBron are too cute.
Roger Goodell 'Open To Changing' His Disciplinary Role After 'Deflategate' The NFL commissioner's disciplinary authority has come under scrutiny since a federal judge overturned Tom Brady's suspension.
Spygate To Deflategate His bosses were furious. Roger Goodell knew it. So on April 1, 2008, the NFL commissioner convened an emergency session of
Why Jen Welter Is Going To Sit Ringside At Floyd Mayweather\u2019s Fight \I certainly can\u2019t do anything good by rejecting what seems to be an olive branch.\u201d
Former NFL Player And Super Bowl Winner Tyler Sash Dead At 27 A painkiller overdose lead to Sash's death.
Serena Williams Reminds Us To 'Rise Up' Over The Haters In Poignant Ad Beats by Dre commercial tells the story of the 21-time Grand Slam winner's victories -- and the adversity she's faced along the way.
Here's Why Ohio State Won't Repeat Some land mines are in the way of the Bucks' hopes for this season.
Texas School District Investigates After Players Hit Referee \The first thing we want is that those two kids never play football again.\
IndyCar's Scott Dixon Reflects On His Latest Championship, Justin Wilson and Driver Safety \Justin was always looking out for other people.\
High School Football Players Suspended After Barreling Into Referee \The first thing we want is that those two kids never play football again.\
Grambling State's Band Outshines Blowout in Cal's Home Opener If you didn't come to see one of the best bands in the HBCU system, then you were probably reminded that blowouts were only acceptable back in high school or \pop warner\ football. In the first quarter alone, the Cal Bears scored five touchdowns and forced two interceptions.
Philadelphia Eagles Sour On Tebow, Drop Him From Roster Things aren't looking good for Tim.
High School Football Player Dies After Punt-Return Injury Tyrell Cameron was a sophomore at Franklin Parish High School in Louisiana.
Tom Brady Apologizes For Wasting Our Time With 'Deflategate' \I am sorry our league had to endure this. I don\u2019t think it has been good for our sport -- to a large degree, we have all lost.\
Pilots' Harrowing, Triumphant Stories + Air Race Video (HuffPost Exclusive Video) 
Native American Rodeo Breaks With DC Football Team's Charity Over \u2018Racial Slur\u2019 Name The Indian National Finals Rodeo is the latest organization to reject money from the Washington team's charitable arm.
Why The 'Deflategate' Ruling Could Finally Limit Roger Goodell's Power A federal judge on Thursday dealt a \very big blow\ to the NFL commissioner's disciplinary authority.
As College Football Season Kicks Off, The NCAA Is Still \u2018Under Siege\u2019 Despite the failure of Northwestern's unionization effort, other challenges could bring broader changes to college sports.
Three Fans Injured At Colts Game By Falling Debris All injuries were deemed \non-life threatening.\
Jack Sock Retires From U.S. Open Match After Seizing Up During 4th Set American Jack\u00a0Sock was overcome by the heat and had to retire in the fourth set of his U.S. Open match. The 28th-seeded
Jen Welter Says Women NFL Coaches Could Help Domestic Violence Problems \You have an opportunity to make them better men and not just better football players.\
This Might Be The Most Boston Thing We've Ever Seen Even if it happened in Maine.
Ohio State Quarterback Cardale Jones Hospitalized For Headache He was taken to an emergency room on Wednesday night.
Redskins GM\u2019s Wife Apologizes For Accusing Female Reporter Of Trading Oral Sex For Stories Another bad look for Washington's NFL team.
Man Tries To Steal Phone From Female MMA Fighter, Regrets It Instant karma.
Tom Brady Beats NFL In Deflategate Case, Suspension Nullified Brady has been vindicated -- for now.
Makers Of Sony\u2019s \u2018Concussion\u2019 Film Tried To Prevent Angering N.F.L., Emails Show When Sony Pictures Entertainment decided to make a movie focusing on the death and dementia professional football players
Ohio Reviewing High School's Use Of Caged Live Tiger Mascot Obie the tiger cub won't be making appearances at one high school anytime soon.
Tennis Pro Mardy Fish Pens Post On His Struggle With Anxiety \My mind starts spiraling. I\u2019m just freaking out.\
Sony, Back In The Crosshairs, Defends 'Concussion' NEW YORK (AP) -- Nearly a year after the devastating hacking attack that leaked thousands of emails, Sony Pictures Entertainment
The 25 NFL Breakout Stars Of 2015 These guys got next.
Bears Fan Names Brain Tumor 'Aaron Rodgers' So He Can Beat It Naturally, his dog is named \Hester\ for former Bear Devin Hester.
Drake Tries To Play Soccer, But Ends Up Breaking Things Heads up!
Exclusive The new commercial is a real tear-jerker.
Dwyane Wade Plays Dodgeball Against Civilians, No Injuries Reported \Flash\ is back, but in scary dodgeball player form.
Jake Arrieta Pitches No-Hitter For Cubs In 2-0 Win Over Dodgers It was the sixth no-hitter in the majors this season and the second against the Dodgers in 10 days.
Here's The Trailer For 'Concussion,' The Movie That's Making The NFL Nervous NFL owners reportedly spent a significant amount of time in May plotting a response to the film.
3 Reasons Why The Patriots Might Repeat Belichick and Brady are everything.
This Tom Brady Courtoom Sketch Is Much Better Than The Last One Although its artist says, \I still think I made him look like Lurch.\
North Carolina Ball Team Threw Retirement Party For Its Bat Dog Miss Babe Ruth will retire after appearing in 649 consecutive games.
Odell Beckham Jr. Shines Over Darrelle Revis For Another Crazy Catch New York's two best football players went head to head Saturday night.
Fan Dies After Fall From Upper Deck At Atlanta Braves Game The fatal fall is the stadium's third in seven years.
Maria Sharapova Pulls Out Of U.S. Open For Second Time In Three Years Sharapova has not played a match on tour since losing to No. 1-ranked Serena Williams in the Wimbledon semifinals.
Stephen Curry Prepares Riley Curry For Upcoming NBA Season Riley's ankles need protection too, pops.
NFL Team Surprises Cheerleader By Reuniting Her With Military Husband There's no better surprise.
Triple Crown Winner American Pharoah Upset At Saratoga Springs The champ was defeated at the Graveyard of Champions!
From 'Katrina Kid' To Nebraska Quarterback A decade ago, Hurricane Katrina forced Nebraska's quarterback from his home. As the nation marks an anniversary, he's only focused on producing his biggest season yet.
Pedro Martinez Doubles Down The Tommy John Epidemic?
Baylor Rape Victim Hires Same Lawyer As Jameis Winston Accuser The Baylor player was convicted of sexual assault earlier this month.
New York Mets Pull Off Rare Putout After Hit Nails Pitcher In The Foot Baseball fans, score this one as a 1-3-1 out. Yes, really.
Serena Williams Sings 'Under The Sea,' Slays Karaoke Set Just a little U.S. Open tune-up.
James Harden Celebrated His Birthday By Giving Kanye Bunny Ears Yeezzzzzzzzzus.
Usain Bolt Easily Wins 200 Meters At World Championships He even eased up at the finish.
Sam Fuld's Pro Baseball Journey Is Hardly Defined By His Diabetes \Every day has its new challenge.\
Maurice Clarett, Once A Troubled Star Football Player, Is Now The 'Athlete Whisperer' \Maurice has a gift.\
Former NBA Player Darryl Dawkins Dead At 58 The famed dunker was known as \Chocolate Thunder.\
Good Company Man Russell Wilson Plugs Miracle Water As Football Injury Cure Uh-huh.
Derrick Rose Gang Rape Allegations Are 'Completely False,' Says Lawyer An unidentified woman claims she was drugged and raped by Rose and his friends.
LeBron James Sells His Miami Home For $13.4 Million Who needs Coconut Grove, anyway?
Kobe Bryant Is Older, Wiser And Reflecting On His Feud With Shaq Guess time really does heal all wounds?
Former NFL Player Jonathan Martin Says He Attempted Suicide 'Multiple' Times \It nearly destroys you, many times, not fitting in.\
Worker Dies At Minnesota Vikings' Stadium Construction Site The stadium's 1,300 workers have halted any further construction.
Can Los Angeles Pull Off A Profitable 2024 Olympics? Los Angeles turned a profit hosting the 1984 Olympics. It might be tougher this time around.
Derek Jeter Flawlessly Hustled President Obama In A Round Of Golf A retired ball player duped a sitting president. SMH.
Tampa Bay Rays Catcher Hits Home Run, Promptly Injures Himself While Rounding The Bases Worst. Home run. Ever.
Alabama Cheerleading Coach Dismissed After Reporting Racist T-Shirt Worn By Parent The man who wore the shirt said it was just a \joke.\
IndyCar Driver Justin Wilson Dies From Head Injury Wilson was in a coma after he crashed during a race on Sunday.
WATCH Watch as the revenge-seeking wrestler gives the former talk show host an \u201cAttitude Adjustment.\u201d
Auto Racing Stars Send Thoughts And Prayers To Justin Wilson's Family After His Death He was only 37.
FSU's Dalvin Cook Found Not Guilty Of Battery, Plans To Return To Team The player had been accused of punching a woman in the face.
Curt Schilling Tweets Meme Comparing Muslims To Nazis \Deleting it doesn't make it go away.\
IndyCar Driver Justin Wilson In Coma After Crash Wilson crashed after hitting debris during the race.
Jason Pierre-Paul Is Already Joking About Losing A Finger Too soon? NAH.
Houston Astros Mascot Resurrects The 'Single Ladies' Dance In Brilliant Performance Now will the Astros put a ring on it later this season?
Let This Kid's On-Point Bat Flip Guide Your Monday He has no haters, and neither should you.
Under Armour Ad Multiplies Its Stars To Mesmerize Stephen Curry, Jordan Spieth and Misty Copeland log their reps to greatness.
Little League Pitcher Totally In Awe After Giving Up Grand Slam Same, tbh.
Usain Bolt Wins 100 Meters At World Championships \I'm just happy.\
Astros' Mike Fiers Pitches No-Hitter Against Dodgers The second no-no in the major leagues in just over a week.
NCAA Ban On Paying Athletes Faces More Threats The battle is far from over, and tides may be shifting towards students.
This Toddler Does The Best Stephen Curry Impersonation But can he shoot threes?
Washington Coach Takes Heat After Robert Griffin III Concussion \Leaving Griffin in that game was borderline criminal.\
Someone Turned Draymond Green Blocking LeBron James Into Beautiful Emoji Art Welcome to the future of sports media.
MLB Announces New Domestic Violence Policy Commissioner Rob Manfred will have sweeping disciplinary powers under a policy that also includes education and treatment.
Baylor University Football Player Convicted Of Sexual Assault He now faces up to 20 years in prison.
Chicago Sky Sign 14-Year-Old With Cerebral Palsy To A One-Day Contract \Anything that we\u2019re going to face this season doesn\u2019t compare to the obstacles that she\u2019s had to overcome.\
John McEnroe Thinks He Could Beat Serena Williams Sure, John. Sure.
Donald Trump Thinks Ronda Rousey Likes Him, But Not Getting Her Vote Awkward.
The 'Adults Risking Babies' Lives For Balls' Epidemic Continues WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE???
Rams, Cowboys Can't Play Nice At Joint Practice, Brawl Instead A play date gone bad.
Tom Brady Is Ready To Make A Deal According To Some Reporters -- And Not According To Others Someone, please put an end to this madness.
There's A Mistake In 'Straight Outta Compton' You Probably Didn't Notice See anything wrong with the White Sox hat?
The 15 Best Heisman Trophy Candidates One of these guys will (probably) take it home.
Deflategate Judge Suggests He Could Toss Tom Brady's Suspension U.S. District Judge Richard M. Berman encouraged a settlement, calling it a \logical and rational option.\
Former NFL Players Raise Objections To Concussion Settlement The former players say the settlement does not properly treat players yet to be diagnosed with CTE.
Teen With Autism Sings A Wonderful Rendition Of The National Anthem He's an old pro at this.
Alex Morgan Rips Women\u2019s Soccer League For Bedbug-Ridden Hotels Bedbugs lead to extreme measures.
Little League Team Called Out For Trying To Lose By Bunting Every At Bat PORTLAND, Ore. \u2014 Officials at the Little League\u00a0Softball World Series required teams from Washington and Iowa to play a tie
This Elderly Couple Wore The Cutest 'His And Hers' Rival Baseball Jerseys A perfect match.
Northwestern Football Players Won't Get A Union, But Their Fight Doesn't End Here After a setback at the labor board, the movement to unionize college athletes will have to agitate in other ways.
Uh, Rihanna Is Not About To Date Matt Barnes The pop star has shot down the rumors with seven exquisite hashtags.
Honestly, This Lineman-Sized Dancer Beats Any Football Game What's that phrase? Floats like a butterfly, looks like a NFL lineman?
Tim Tebow Makes Eagles Debut, And It's The Most Tebow Thing Ever \It was just a lot of fun to be out there and play ball again.\
John Harbaugh Supports Donald Trump's Plan To Build A Border Wall \Build a wall, it's not that hard,\ the Baltimore Ravens coach said at a press conference this weekend.
Northwestern Football Players Won't Be Getting Their Union For Now In a major setback for the players, the labor board declined to assert its jurisdiction in the case.
Novak Djokovic Complains Of Marijuana Smell During Match \Somebody's getting high.\
Australia's Jason Day Wins PGA Championship By Mark Lamport-Stokes KOHLER, Wisconsin, Aug 16 (Reuters) - Australia's Jason Day held his nerve to end five years of close
David Denson Becomes First Openly Gay Player On MLB-Affiliated Team \Talking with my teammates, they gave me the confidence I needed.\
This Photo Of Jen Welter And Sarah Thomas Is Worth Way More Than 1000 Words The two women made history on the football field at the exact same time on Saturday night.
NFL Star Takes Away His Sons' Participation Trophies \Sometimes your best is not enough, and that should drive you to want to do better.\
Tom Brady Reps On Deflategate Brady's reps say the whole thing -- evidence and punishment -- is bogus.
First Openly Gay NFL Player Michael Sam To 'Step Away' From Football Sam's career in professional football has been beset by troubles after he made history with his draft in the NFL.
Race Car Driver James Campbell Jr. Killed In Crash At Pennsylvania Speedway The death follows another serious crash at a race in Iowa on the previous night.
Pete Carroll Got Totally Wiped Out By A Ref On The Sideline Ouch.
D'Angelo Russell Is Making Things Awkward With Kobe Bryant Again Because the first time wasn't enough.
Red Sox Manager John Farrell Announces He Has Lymphoma Farrell will take medical leave.
Watch Phil Mickelson Enjoy Life's Simpler Pleasures, Like This Hill And A Cardboard Box Because you're never too old to go sledding.
NFL Player's Tweets About Gruesome Injury Remind Us That Life Is 'Cruel Sometimes' \And just like that, it was taken from me.\
Some NFL Team Owners Want Ray Rice To Get A Second Chance Is the league readying for Rice's return?
Why Magic Johnson's 55th Birthday Is A Huge Milestone For HIV/AIDS Awareness Life expectancies for people living with HIV have increased greatly since Magic announced his own diagnosis in 1991.
The San Francisco Giants Made Their Own 'Full House' Intro And It's Perfect Whatever happened to predictability?
This Is How A 300 Pound Vegan NFL Player Maintains His Huge Size He drinks a ton of smoothies.
This Notre Dame Football Walk-On Was Just Surprised With Scholarship All the feels.
Nick Kyrgios Outdoes Even Himself With Disgusting Comment About Stan Wawrinka's Girlfriend There's no place for this kind of vulgarity.
Michael Jordan's Lawyer Says His Name Is Worth $480 Million To Nike Jordan really is that important to Nike.
Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo Makes Daring Catch, But Even Better Play It was so good, the umps didn't know if it was legal or not.
Lisa Leslie Says 'The Door Is Wide Open' For Women In Basketball \It has nothing to do with gender when you\u2019re talking about pick and rolls and X\u2019s and O\u2019s.\
Scott Walker Signs Arena Deal, Handing $400 Million To Billionaire NBA Owners The presidential candidate put taxpayer money behind the new arena despite criticism from economists and conservative allies.
Kymora Johnson And Her Cavs Are Going To Play A Game At Madison Square Garden The Cavs weren't allowed to play in their tournament for having a girl on their team. This will have to do instead.
The Kansas City Royals Love 'Trap Queen' More Than You Fetty Wap said, \Hey, what's up? Hello?\ to the team on Tuesday.
Mariners Hisashi Iwakuma Throws Historic No-Hitter It was the fifth no-hitter in Mariners history, and the first of Iwakuma's career.
This Tom Brady Courtroom Sketch Is Giving The Internet Nightmares Is that really supposed to be Tom Brady?!
It's Not Even NBA Season Yet And Russell Westbrook Is Already Trash-Talking This is what happens when you tell Russell Westbrook to chill out.
NFL Player Ryan Broyles Lives On $60K-A-Year Budget \When I come to work, I don't think about the money, man,\
Most NFL Players Don't Think Tom Brady Is A Cheater, Survey Finds Roger Goodell's Deflategate decisions aren't popular with the players.
13 Olympic Rowers Fall Ill After Competing In Polluted Brazilian Lake \Obviously we were all concerned because we know the water's polluted.\
This Soccer Referee Has A Unique Method To Explain His Calls He's standing up for his decisions on the pitch.
D'Angelo Russell Is Going To Catch Hell From Kobe Bryant For This Although, isn't imitation the sincerest form of flattery?
UC Berkeley Women's Field Hockey Team Still Doesn't Have A Field Men's teams have gotten replacement fields, but the women's field hockey team has not.
David Beckham Puts The Daily Mail In Its Place Over Parenting Article \You have no right to criticize me.\
Eagles Fans Are Calling On The Pope To Bless Their Quarterback Peace be with Sam Bradford's ACL.
NY Jets Quarterback Geno Smith Injured After Being Punched By Teammate He's going to miss serious time, too.
MLS Player Chad Barrett Scores, Immediately Injures Himself While Celebrating A costly goal.
Nick Symmonds Says USA Track & Field Exploits Patriotism For Profit \This is not a hobby for me. This is a career.\
Reporter Amelia Rayno Writes Of Sexual Harassment From Minnesota AD Teague Norwood The Star Tribune's Amelia Rayno shares her chilling story.
Yankees Affiliate The game occurred on the one-year anniversary of Michael Brown\u2019s death.
Long-Sought NCAA Football Practice Legislation Finally Within Sight The NCAA's chief medical officer can see a \pathway to legislation.\
Read Sydney Seau's Speech She Couldn't Give At The Pro Football Hall Of Fame The New York Times published the words she would have given to honor her father, Junior Seau.
Russell Wilson Gets His Turn To Join Taylor Swift Onstage Ciara also appeared onstage at the Seattle stop of Swift's tour.
Frank Gifford, Pro Football Hall Of Famer, Dies At 84 \Frank's talent and charisma on the field and on the air were important elements in the growth and popularity of the modern NFL.\
Carolina Panthers Make Adorable 6-Year-Old Coach For A Day \Be brave, be positive, never give up, have a heart, go Cats.\u201d
Charles Haley's Hall Of Fame Speech Was The Moment Needed On Mental Health Issues After the controversy surrounding Junior Seau's induction, Haley addressed his own mental health issues.
NHL Blackhawks' Patrick Kane Lawyers Up Amid Investigation Few details are known about the investigation, including whether or not there is any substance to a reported rape.
Unstoppable Ledecky Powers To Fifth Gold KAZAN, Russia - American Katie Ledecky entered the record books as she smashed the women's 800 meters world record to claim
D'Angelo Russell Nails An Awesome Not-Quite-Full-Court Shot Pretty, pretty, pretty good.
Marshawn Lynch Pokes Fun Of Super Bowl Play In 'The League' Teaser Simply sub ball for beer.
Women's Golf Legend Louise Suggs Dies At 91 The founding member of the LPGA maintained a remarkable winning streak through the '50s and 60's.
NHL Star Patrick Kane Investigated On Rape Charges The NHL says it is \following developments\ of a police investigation involving Chicago Blackhawks star Patrick Kane. The
Inside A Florida Fight Club's Quest For The High Seas It was supposed to happen on the Blood Boat. Two cruises, departing June 3 and June 5. The Bimini SuperFast, three days
The Incredible Backward Home Run --\u00a0Enough Said It's the shot heard round the Internet.
Unpaid Student-Athletes Forced To Give Back The $7 They Got For Laser Tag Rick Pitino all like, \SMH, are you kidding me? This is a thing?\?
College Football Coaches Can Reduce Injuries By Simply Thinking About Their Student-Athletes As Students Academic stress appears to lead to physical injuries.
Roger Goodell On Deflategate He literally laughed at Tom Brady.
Floyd Mayweather Has A Cowardly Response To Ronda Rousey's Domestic Violence Dig Are we really that surprised, though?
Vanderbilt Football Team Deletes Extremely Regrettable Tweet How did no one realize this was a bad idea?
Ronda Rousey Donates Championship Belt To Children's Judo School These kids were so, so happy to see her.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers Create Sexist Website To Teach Women Football The first lesson teaches women what a \play clock\ is.
Turns Out, Jon Stewart Was A Pretty Decent College Soccer Player His former coach at William & Mary reflects on the comedian.
Donald Sterling Files For Divorce Amid Battle For Clippers Ownership The divorce filing comes amid a battle between the Sterlings that flared after the former owner was booted by the NBA over a leaked recording of him making racist remarks.
Tom Brady 'Deflategate' Testimony Released By NFL Players Association The star QB denied any wrongdoing, contesting the report's findings.
Youth Basketball Team Protests Disqualification For Playing A Girl \u201cWhat message does this send to other girls?\
Eddie Lacy Doesn't Think About His Team's NFC Championship Loss To Seattle The Packers running back dishes on his lumberjack experience and why he doesn't watch football.
MLB Rookie Showcases Indomitable Spirit During Legendary Silent Treatment Air high-fives for everyone!
George R.R. Martin Spent The Day At Jets Training Camp Instead Of Writing Those Books We Need He's a Jets fan, which explains an awful lot about \Game of Thrones.\
Batboy Who Died In Tragic Accident Remembered Mayor says the boy will be remembered for his love of baseball.
Another Look At Ronda Rousey's 34-Second Take Down Of Bethe Correia Give us all the Ronda fight videos!
Young Marcus Mariota Fan's World Comes Crashing Down Mid-Breakfast Like all our worlds do.
Football Fans Are Ready To Give Ray Rice Another Chance. Domestic Violence Experts Are Not. \I\u2019m just not convinced that what we have is a healthy person.\u201d
NBA Impersonator Is Back With Spot-On Kobe Bryant Routine Look familiar?
Ray Rice In a sit-down interview with ESPN that aired Tuesday, Ray Rice said that he understands why some people will never be able
Taking On The Staggering Decline Of Youth Sports Programs \u201cIt\u2019s almost like a civil rights movement.\
Abby Wambach Urges Corporate Sponsors To Invest In Soccer \You want to get in on the ground floor.\
Kaiser Carlile Dead After Getting Accidentally Hit In Head With Bat \Please keep his family and our team in your thoughts and prayers.\
National Baseball Congress Suspends Use Of Batboys After 9-Year-Old's Death Kaiser Carlile died Sunday after he was hit by a follow-through swing.
Becky Hammon Says NBA No Longer 'Preposterous' Path For Women \We\u2019re just saying, 'Scoot over a little bit. Make a little room at the table for the ladies.'\
Katie Ledecky, 18-Year-Old U.S. Swimming Sensation, Accidentally Breaks World Record \I was barely even focusing on this morning's swim.\
Michael Jordan Is 52 And Still Draining Buzzer-Beaters Another clutch basket from MJ.
8 Schools That Have Dropped The 'Redskins' Name Washington's NFL Team Still Won't Change Indiana's Goshen High School became the latest to ditch the controversial mascot last week.
Junior Seau's Daughter Allowed To Speak At Hall Of Fame After All The Hall's policy sparked controversy over whether Seau's daughter was being blocked from speaking about his suicide.
Ronda Rousey Defeats Bethe Correia By Knockout In 34 Seconds The star fighter extended her jaw-dropping record with a knockout right punch, ending the fight in the first round.
American Pharoah Does It Again! The Triple Crown winner American Pharoah wins Haskell in return.
IOC Increasing Water Tests In Rio After Alarming Levels Of Sewage Reported High levels of viruses linked to human sewage were found in the AP's investigation.
NFL Troubles Continue With Deflategate, Fireworks, Drugs Roger Goodell is stacking up some impressive numbers in terms of the number of scandals plaguing the league.
Wilmer Flores\u2019 Friday Night Was Straight Out Of A Hollywood Movie \You couldn't write that. You guys couldn't come up with that.\
Ronda Rousey Fights Bethe Correia In UFC 190 Unbeaten Ronda Rousey on Saturday's #UFC190 fight
NFL Hall Of Fame To Allow Junior Seau's Daughter To Speak After All The daughter of the late Junior Seau will be able to speak live during the Pro Football Hall of Fame induction ceremony after
Is the Commissioner an Arbitrator? In the Brady case, if the parties are not able to settle the matter, the Federal District Court in Manhattan will have to determine whether the Commissioner's decision was \arbitrary and capricious,\ not whether it \drew its essence from the collective bargaining agreement.\
Michael B. Jordan Hopes 'Creed' Will Give Boxing New Life \We want to rejuvenate the sport of boxing.\
'Rowdy' Roddy Piper Dies Of Natural Causes R.I.P. to one of the legends of the squared circle.
Sheldon Richardson Charged With Resisting Arrest After High-Speed Car Chase His Bentley was reportedly clocked at 143 MPH.
Josh Smith Responds To People Who Think He's 'Greedy' \Let\u2019s just look at what I actually said so we don\u2019t get it twisted.\
Q&A \I think people should be a little more shortsighted.\
A Running Tally Of How Athletes Are Scoring The Drake-Meek Mill Beef The final count is in and it doesn't look good for Meek.
Guy Catches A Massive 1,368-Pound Marlin Off Hawaiian Coast No seriously, the angler's name is Guy.
Ronda Rousey Finds It Hilarious When Her Body Is Called 'Masculine' Brush ya shoulders off, Ronda.
Carli Lloyd Isn't Done Scoring Goals Just Because The World Cup Is Over She's on an incredible scoring streak.
Pats Nation Is Treating Training Camp Like Black Friday Hurry, get 25% off Tom Brady's season!
Male-Run Domestic Violence Group Apologizes For Telling ESPN Ray Rice Deserves Second Chance \We recognize and accept that male entitlement played a role in our decision.\
Mets' Wilmer Flores Cries During Game Thinking He's Been Traded It's gonna be OK, Wilmer!
Two Baseball Players Synced Up Their Talents For One Sensational Play How many infielders does it take to throw one runner out?
Paul Pierce Accidentally Proves LA Is Still A Lakers Town Keep Clippers out of Dodgers stadium.
Eric Berry Back To Practice 8 Months After Cancer Diagnosis The Pro Bowl safety was diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease last December.
Tom Brady Sues Over Deflategate And Claims Innocence \The fact is that neither I, nor any equipment person, did anything of which we have been accused.\
Niccolo Porcella Somehow Survived This Insane Surf Wipeout \Ouch\ is an understatement.
Everything Went Wrong For Mookie Betts After He Made A Great Play No good deed ever goes unpunished.
LeBron James Doesn't Totally Deny The Possibility Of Starring In 'Space Jam 2' \Guess we'll just have to wait and see.\
Tom Brady Throws Samsung Under The Bus In Latest 'Deflategate' Defense Thanks for nothing, Tom Brady!
Jen Welter To Become First Female Coach In NFL With Arizona Cardinals She's believed to be the first woman to join an NFL coaching staff.
Roger Goodell Will Uphold Tom Brady's 4-Game Deflategate Suspension The decision follows the appeal filed by the NFL Players' Association on behalf of Brady last month.
ESPN Could Be Sold On Its Own Like HBO, Bob Iger Admits Would you pay over $30 a month for ESPN?
This Triple Play Was So Confusing No One Knew What Was Going On Honestly, neither did we.
Dutee Chand Scores Important Victory For Hyperandrogenic Female Athletes Sport's highest court has suspended IAAF rules governing women who have high levels of male hormones.
Boston Mayor's Latest Statements Complicate The City's Olympic Bid He says he won't sign a contract that forces taxpayers to cover Olympic cost overruns.
Olympic Committee Drops Boston's Bid To Host 2024 Games No word yet on whether there will be a replacement.
Cory Joseph Picked The Perfect Jersey Number After Drake Shoutout On 'Charged Up' There's a new \6 Man\ in Toronto.
Obamas Welcome Athletes To Special Olympics LOS ANGELES (AP) \u2014 Michelle Obama has welcomed thousands of athletes to the Special Olympic World Games in Los Angeles. The
Minor League Baseball Manager Puts On A Show After Ejection Tell us how you really feel.
Phillies Cole Hamels No-Hitter Is Cubs' First No-Hit In 50 Years A historic day for the 31-year-old lefty.
FIFA'S Blatter Butters Up Putin To Push 2018 World Cup Both leaders, embroiled in controversies, put on a show to boost the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Dominique Wilkins On How The NBA Can Fix The Dunk Contest Bring back the high-fliers.
Pro Football Hall Of Fame Won't Let Junior Seau\u2019s Family Speak At His HOF Induction SAN DIEGO \u2014 Junior Seau\u2019s induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame was always going to be awkward, a chance to celebrate
The Problem With Asking Football Players To Act Like White Guys Besides all the obvious stuff.
David Beckham Gives $100,000 To Shocked Family On TV Mom asks, \Do we get to play soccer with you?\
An NFL Player Just Won A Silver For Long Jumping At The Pan Am Games Prepare to feel like a huge underachiever.
Scott Walker Hates Raising Taxes. But If You Own A Sports Team, He'll Talk Walker's backing a new arena for the Milwaukee Bucks -- and it's not the first time he supported a tax-financed stadium
Bill Simmons Is Headed To HBO To Host A Talk Show Bill Simmons, perhaps the most famous voice in sports media, has agreed to a multi-year agreement with HBO, the network
Golfer's Tee Shot Accidentally Kills Seagull This bird was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Kobe's New Teammates Were Asked If They'd Heard From Him, And Their Answer Was Priceless Kobe seems really fun to play with!!!
Adorable Baseball Fan Can't Figure Out This Whole 'Hot Dog' Thing Hot dogs, like life at times, can be hard to take down.
We Need These Old-School Baseball Cards Featuring Hip-Hop Legends \A mashup of Hall of Famers from America's two favorite pastimes.\
Reignite Your Crazy Hopes For LeBron James Starring In 'Space Jam 2' We got a real jam goin' down.
Great Moments In Mets History As Narrated By 'Simpsons' Characters This is perfection. Unlike the Mets.
ACC Removes Clear Cry For Help Buried Deep Within Football Media Guide \u201cWe sincerely apologize for the offensive error in the media guide.\
Shaq Said Best Lakers Could Rout Best Bulls, And Pippen Fought Back 'We would beat em by fifty'
Minor Leaguer Leaves Ronda Rousey A Ticket For Every Game His tweets to the UFC fighter are a hit.
Here's What Happens When You Try To Take A Pic With Shaq \He turned around and had to look waaaay down to find me.\
Young People Significantly More Likely To Find \u2018Redskins\u2019 Name Disparaging, Poll Finds But that doesn't mean they think the Washington professional football team should change its name.
Competitive Gamer Counts His Chickens Before They Hatch; Chickens Die \WHAT ARE YOU STANDING UP FOR \u2026 WHY?!? WHY?!?!\
The Secret To Unlocking J.R. Smith's Best Work Is A New Lil Wayne Album, According To Math \I get by with a little help from my friends.\
Emotional Zach Johnson 'At A Loss Of Words' After Winning British Open Johnson will take home his second career major championship.
Rafal Lipinski Nails Sick, Complicated Dunk Plenty of air, plenty to do
Riley Curry Turns 3, Does The Nae Nae Happy birthday, Riley Curry!
Pro Surfer Fights Off Shark During Competition \I just saw fins. I was waiting for teeth.\
'Hano! A Century in the Bleachers' Profiles Sportswriting Superstar in New Documentary A Day in the Bleachers is a baseball book but also a book about American culture at mid-century.  We not only learn what occurred on the field but also about the observations and comments of the bleacher bums.
Tiger Woods Misses Cut At British Open Tiger Woods' year went from bad to worse on Saturday when he bowed out of the British Open, missing the cut in two major
FIFA Corruption Draws SEC Scrutiny A new front opens into the corruption scandal that has rocked FIFA and captured the attention of the sports world.
Pele Hospitalized For Back Surgery The legendary soccer player elected to have the surgery, and is recovering
F1 Driver Jules Bianchi Dies 9 Months After Suzuka Crash Bianchi is the first F1 driver to die from injuries during a race since F1 legend Ayrton Senna.
FIFA Official Jeffrey Web Pleads Not Guilty Of Corruption The crackdown on FIFA officials has entered the next stage.
Andre Iguodala Gives The Bay Area A Collective Heart Attack It must be fun to mess with the emotions of thousands upon thousands of people.
J.J. Watt Adorably Helps Woman Tell Her Husband She's Expecting The baby announcing game just reached new levels.
Lots Of Canadians Don't Want Kanye West To Close The Pan Am Games A petition has already racked up over 35,000 signatures.
The Story Behind Ronda Rousey's Floyd Mayweather Diss At The ESPYs Rousey waited over a year to get back at Floyd.
Devon Still Accepts Jimmy V Perseverance Award On Behalf Of Daughter Leah \In the five years I've been with you, you've taught me more about life than I could ever [teach you].\
Top U.S. Soccer Official Pledges To Push For Better Pay For Women Not necessarily equal with the men's pay, but better.
Here's a Photo Of LeBron James, David Beckham And Aaron Rodgers That is all.
Google Airs Eye-Opening Ad On Trans Athletes Before Caitlyn Jenner's ESPYs Speech Introducing Jacob, a man who just wants to find a gym.
FIFA Hires Former Clinton Aide's Firm Amid Scandals The firm is also doing PR for the troubled Qatar 2022 World Cup.
Kid Sinks Impossible Basketball Shot, Is Blown Away By His Own Magnificence Peak.
Pete Rose Gets Lengthy Standing Ovation From All-Star Weekend Crowd There's still love for Pete in Cincy.
'Jeopardy!' Subtly Joins Chorus Against The 'Redskins' Name Quiet protest for $600, Alex.
Kobe Bryant Supports Caitlyn Jenner And Her Journey \You got to be comfortable in your own skin.\
John Wall Not At All Bitter That Reggie Jackson Now Makes As Much As Him. Not At All, OK? \You got people getting $85 million that haven't made the All-Star [Game].\
California Cheerleaders Win The 'Right' To Be Treated Like Normal Workers \We would never tolerate shortchanging of women workers at any other workplace.\
LeBron James Plays 'Faceketball' With Jimmy Fallon And Finally Addresses That Banana Boat Photo We still need an explanation for the banana boat.
It's All About The American League At MLB All-Star Game CINCINNATI (AP) \u2014 Mike Trout flashed the skill that puts him at the front of baseball's new generation, just moments after
Even Russell Westbrook Had To Admit This Russell Westbrook Impression Is Pretty Good A guy made a video in which he does a Russell Westbrook impression. It was funny. So funny, in fact, that even the Oklahoma
One Out Away Max Scherzer lost a perfect game with two outs in the 9th inning. A former pitcher with the same experience explains how it feels 30 years later.
What Young Women Love About The U.S. Women's National Soccer Team \They're so inspiring and so confident.\
De\u2019Andre Johnson Tells 'GMA' Racial Slur Didn\u2019t Justify Hitting Woman In The Face \u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter. What matters is that I shouldn\u2019t have raised my hand to her.\u201d
LeBron James Has A Great Idea For 'Trainwreck 2' No surprise here
Man's Sad Attempt At Catching Ball Surely A Metaphor For Something But we can\u2019t quite put our finger on it.
The Women's World Cup Champs Didn't Get A Sports Illustrated Cover -- They Got 25 Of 'Em A single Sports Illustrated cover just wouldn't do them justice.
Aaron Kromer Punched Boy In Beach Chair Dispute The boy told deputies that the Bills assistant coach threatened to kill his family if he reported the incident.
Russia, Qatar World Cups Linked To 28 Acts Of Possible Money Laundering The office of Switzerland's attorney general says it now has 81 \suspicious activity reports\ filed by banks in the country.
Some Guy Bungee Jumps Using Only His Bare Hands To Hold On Would you trust your hands to save you?
This Is What A Woman Looks Like Are we seriously asking whether women like Serena Williams can be both athletic and beautiful?
Spurs Assistant Coach Becky Hammon Just Made History ... Again She continues her trailblazing role in the NBA.
Stephen Curry And Wife Ayesha Welcome Their Second Child, Ryan Carson Curry Riley's now a big sister!
Florida State Players Reportedly Banned From Bars 
Novak Djokovic Beats Roger Federer In Four Sets To Win Wimbledon It is his third Wimbledon title.
DeAndre Jordan Is Ready To Move Past The DeAndre Jordan Fiasco Easy for you to say!
Serena Williams Wins Wimbledon Final For 21st Grand Slam Title 
Cowboys' Greg Hardy Suspension Reduced From 10 To 4 Games The suspension came after a NFL investigation into an assault case.
Chris Broussard Apologizes For Saying Mark Cuban Drove Around Looking For DeAndre Jordan Unfortunately for DeAndre, Cuban knows EXACTLY where he lives.
Second Florida State Football Player Accused Of Punching A Woman Florida State indefinitely suspended leading running back Dalvin Cook after he was charged Friday.
8 NFL Moments That Couldn't Have Happened Without Fingers There's no \I\ in phalange.
Raiders Legend Ken Stabler Dead At 69 He died as a result of complications from colon cancer.
Roger Federer Defeats Andy Murray To Reach 10th Wimbledon Final He'll face Novak Djokovic in the final on Sunday.
Next Time Someone Says Americans Don't Like Soccer, Show Them These Photos New Yorkers came out in droves to support the Women's National Team on Friday.
Manny Pacquiao Seeks Mercy for Filipino On Death Row The woman was sentenced to death for drug trafficking.
ESPN Turns 8 Athletes Into Marvel Superheroes In New Series Exclusive new images, courtesy of ESPN and Marvel.
Hospital Launches 'Aggressive' Investigation After ESPN Obtains Jason Pierre-Paul\u2019s Medical Files Someone could very well be fired.
This NBA Player-To-Emoji Conversion Chart Is Pretty, Pretty Accurate We now have emoji shorthand for the best NBA players.
DeAndre Jordan Re-Signs With Los Angeles Clippers DALLAS (AP) \u2014 DeAndre Jordan has backed out of a verbal agreement with the Dallas Mavericks to remain with the Los Angeles
A Brief History Of The DeAndre Jordan-Mark Cuban Romance We now have somewhat of an idea of what it's like to break up with Mark Cuban, and it's scary.
John Urschel On Why Kids Shouldn\u2019t Play Football Until High School \u201cBefore that, your body is not developed, your brain is not fully developed.\
Bill Murray Signed Miley Cyrus' Name On A Person's Forehead While Golfing Because he's Bill Murray, that's why.
James Harden Officially Appears In Khloe Kardashian's Instagram They may have taken a spin class together.
Chuck Blazer, Former FIFA Official, Banned From Soccer For Life By Ethics Committee GENEVA (AP) \u2014 Chuck Blazer was banned for life by FIFA\u2019s ethics committee on Thursday for widespread corruption, finally
Carli Lloyd Correctly Says She's The Best Player In The World Game recognize game.
Dear Pro Athletes, Stop Playing With Fireworks Two NFL players have lost fingers in the last week alone.
The Clippers And Mavericks Are Engaged In An Emoji-Based War For Their Lives THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!!
There\u2019s Just Something About LeBron And Co. On A Banana Boat It's probably the whole \banana boat\ thing.
New York Knicks Waste More Money Than Any Other Team In U.S. Sports, Analysis Finds They've had the NBA's highest payroll this century, and have won nothing.
Victoria Azarenka Calls Out The Most Tired Double Standard In Tennis \Let's put aside the noise and how she looks.\
NBA Free Agency Winners And Losers 
Atlanta Braves Teach The World A Lesson In Respecting Lil B Is it really so hard to bow down to The Based God?
Blake Griffin Is Actually Not Awful At Baseball Pretty, pretty good.
Datone Jones Bought Some Marijuana Just Hours After NFC Championship Loss The offseason is smoking season for a lot of NFL players.
NBA Union Likely To Soon Start Paying Ex-Players\u2019 Health Care Costs A great move by the union to help struggling former players.
Actual Soccer Team Loses Game 46-0 One guy scored scored 16 goals on his own.
Hope Solo Advocates For Equal Pay For Female Athletes On Twitter Pay these ladies more!
Cristiano Ronaldo Finds Woman's Missing Phone, Returns It, Takes Her Out To Dinner Best weekend in Vegas ever?
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Stripped Of Title From Manny Pacquiao Fight The boxer failed to meet a deadline for sanctioning fees.
Donald Trump Agrees Hosting Golf Tournament On Trump's Golf Course A Bad Idea Even Donald Trump thinks people should be backing away from Donald Trump.
Video Released Of Florida State Quarterback De'Andre Johnson Allegedly Punching Woman In Face He has been suspended indefinitely.
Carli Lloyd Dominates In World Cup Final Against Japan She cannot be stopped.
Runner Celebrates Too Early, Loses Major Road Race 
Hilarious Eagle Fan Is Every American Today Instant internet legend.
Live Updates From The USA-Japan Women's World Cup Final All the tweets fit to print.
NASCAR and the Flag NASCAR has urged its avid followers not to bring the Confederate flag to their races
Shaquille O'Neal Finally Sinks A Free Throw, But In The Completely Wrong Sport Maybe he has just been playing the wrong sport his whole career.
Here Is How Phil Jackson And The Knicks Can Win Free Agency 
U.S.A. Beats Germany 2-0 To Advance To Women's World Cup Final Bring on the final!
The 5 Most Important Questions Entering NBA Free Agency 
Celebrating the Humanitarian in Sport Just as we celebrate the athletes who score amazing goals and bring us fantastic finishes, it is equally important to celebrate the humanitarians who utilize the platform of sport to champion social issues and social change.
The Campaign 
Pete Rose, The St. Louis Cardinals and the Need for Consistent MLB Ethics Policies The newest revelations about Pete Rose betting on baseball, something that had long been suspected is a sad coda to a sad story about one of baseball's all time greats. Rose's efforts to finally make it to the Hall of Fame had been getting some traction earlier in the year, but that has changed now.
Kobe Bryant Forgives Lakers Draft Pick For 'Rapist' Tweet Yet another lesson that social media is forever.
Bob Costas Doesn't Have Time For Your Bulls--t Pitching Performance Seriously, does this look like the face of a man who messes around?
Abby Wambach Asked For A 'F**king Goal' And Got One Talk about a motivational speech.
U.S. Women's Soccer Beats China 1-0, Advances To Semis USA! USA! USA!
8 NBA Draft Picks Tell Us The First Thing They're Going To Buy These guys just got a major pay raise.
Willie Cauley-Stein Had The Best Answer When Asked About Sacramento Adorable.
Live Updates From The U.S.A.-China Women's World Cup Game 
Stop Catching Foul Balls While Holding Your Babies, You Lunatics Quite literally, we beg of you
Jason Collins, Robbie Rogers And Others Celebrate Gay Marriage Ruling A great day in American history.
The Currys' Nursery For Their Second Baby Is Freaking Adorable D'awwwwwwwwww.
Celtics Try To Scare Love Away By Threatening To Create Horrible \u2018Big Three' If he signs, they swear they'll sign Paul Pierce and Brook Lopez's brother.
66 People Surf Their Way To Two World Records 
2015 NBA Mock Draft 
Of Sports, Culture and Racism This past week, we mourned the heartbreaking tragedy in Charleston -- nine lives cut short by the heinousness of hate, one life providing a physical manifestation for the malice of malevolence. And our country is forced to look at itself in the mirror again.
Sport and Society for Arete - Father's Day This week for Father's Day I want to talk about the man who taught me a love of sport, and especially a love of baseball, and who taught me much about life.
Watching Tiger Fail Is Less Fun Than I Thought I went from wanting the man to win every golf tournament to never wanting him to win another one. But now that I appear to have gotten my wish, it's turned out to be way less gratifying than I had hoped.
Tom Brady Should See Reduction, Not Vacation of His Penalties \Deflategate\ is back in the news, and not because Tom Brady's appeal is set for Tuesday, June 23rd.  No, it's the report related to the entire investigation that brought the news back to the forefront. And the news, Patriots fans, is good news for Tom Brady.
Professional Athletes On How Fatherhood Has Changed Their Lives Shoutout to mom, too.
Panthers Donate $10,000 To Each Family Of Charleston Shooting Victims And another $10,000 to the church for a memorial honoring the victims.
Some Little Kid Decimated DeMarcus Cousins 8-2 In A Game Of One-On-One WE COUNT GOALTENDS HERE, MR. COUSINS.
Nationals Star Loses Perfect Game On Final Out 
Golden State Warriors Join Riley Curry's Parade The government wants you to think the parade was for the Warriors. It is a Riley Curry parade.
There Was A Shooting Near The Golden State Warriors' Parade What a terrible shame.
Son Who Lost His Mother In Charleston Shooting Has A Message Of Love What a brave, amazing young man.
With Hope Solo, U.S. Soccer Ignores Lessons Taught By NFL, WNBA Jane McManus on what U.S. Soccer got wrong.
Area Man Can't For Life Of Him Figure Out This Whole Poncho Thing We've all been there.
Let's Watch Gilbert Arenas Smash His Own Mercedes With A Cinder Block Shall we?
U.S.A. Women's Soccer Beat Nigeria 1-0. Here's What Happens Next. The USWNT takes top spot in Group D.
You Didn't Think Riley Curry Was Going To Go Out Quietly, Did You? The trophy photoshoot was her finals.
Beyond the Numbers The Olympic movement is changing, and it needs great change agents. Boston, I believe in you. We are in this with you. It's time for America to unite around the true opportunity of Boston and its promise to the world as a potential host city of the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
LeBron James, Meet Harrison Barnes Harrison Barnes gets his NBA Finals moment.
A Vengeful Stephen Curry Humiliated Delly Over And Over On Sunday The Dellavedova era ended at roughly 10:30 p.m. EST on Sunday.
The History of Professional Basketball in San Diego, 1967-1972 When the Houston Rockets and the Los Angeles Clippers advanced past the opening round of the 2015 NBA playoffs, it was somewhat surprising that there was nary a mention from sports journalists and fans alike of the franchises' histories in San Diego.
Michael Jordan 'Pretty Sure' He Could Defeat The Hornets He's probably right.
From One Blue to Another Football -- after all the layers of fireworks, hovercrafts, talkback radio shows, betting scandals, fans, opinions and finances are stripped away -- is just a game. From there on, his aura evaporated and the Chris Judd I know is -- yes, a good footballer, but more -- a good person.
The Day My Son Got His First Karate Stripe Karate is about discipline and control. Life is much the same. My son is going to learn much more than kicking and punching in karate. He'll learn what it means for\u00a0him to be a man. Not just be\u00a0a\u00a0man, but be the man he's supposed to be.
Looks Like Nike Has Been Sucked Into The FIFA Scandal 
Stadium Construction Politics is never divorced from sports, not even when it comes to the construction of stadia. Budgets however have recently thwarted plans in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to build a host of sporting facilities in a bid to either win votes or curry favour with youth and other segments of the population.
Kanye West Did That Hilarious Smile-Frown Thing Again LMFAO.
The 30 Most WTF Moments Of The 2014-2015 NBA Season These are all freaking hilarious.
Why Doesn't Sandy Alderson Realize Jon Niese's Value Is So Low? According to FOXSports.com's Ken Rosenthal, the Milwaukee Brewers may have rejected the New York Mets' straight-up offer of Jon Niese for veteran third baseman Aramis Ramirez yesterday evening.
Hastert Scandal a call to Action Hastert made his first federal court appearance on Tuesday facing charges he paid hush money to a former student from his days as a Yorkville High School teacher and wrestling coach to cover up misconduct.
Cheating in Athletics It goes beyond the dollars lost in endorsements to the broken families and friendships, and the derailed careers. The very integrity of our \heroes\ and the games they play is sometimes called into question.
SI's American Pharoah Cover Epitomizes Everything Wrong With Society This problem is not SI. The problem is all of us.
Keith Olbermann Wants Hope Solo Suspended From World Cup He says if she were in the NFL, she'd be suspended 'right now.'
Caitlyn Jenner and ESPN's Arthur Ashe Award A sport is \a contest or a game in which people do certain physical activities according to a specific set of rules and compete against each other.\ This is the definition that has been engraved as the meaning behind the word \sport\ for years.  After June 1, that definition changed.
Brandi Chastain Hopeful The FIFA Scandal Will Help Women's Soccer It might not all be bad news.
Why Ray Rice Deserves A Second Chance It's time to stop treating Rice like he's irredeemable.
Here's A Terrifying View Of A Baseball Fan's One-Handed Catch 
11 Reasons To Get Excited For The 2015 Women's U.S. World Cup Team In case you weren't already pumped.
New Details Emerge On Hope Solo's Domestic Violence Case 
Russia, Qatar Might Lose World Cups 
French Open Winner! 
American Pharoah Takes The Triple Crown 
Reforming Soccer Governance The mushrooming governance scandal in world soccer body FIFA increasingly spotlights political in addition to financial corruption in global soccer.
American Pharoah's Date With Destiny Arrives 
The Nature of the NFL Could Be the Downfall of the NFL Players want to have a life when they leave the game. They don't want their brains to be turned to mush. Seeing what has happened, it's easy to understand these players' points of view.
Beckham's Adorable Daughter Is Learning To Bend It Like, Well, You Know \Mia Hamm eat your heart out.\
No More NFL Holdouts For most of its' long history the NFL has been plagued by contentious rookie negotiations leading to new players missing part or all of training camp. The early days in training camp are where most rookies get precious developmental time.
Richard Albero Concludes His Quixotic Trek on Behalf of Wounded Warriors Richard Albero may not be a Bronx Bomber, nor a record-setting athlete, but last Tuesday, the day after Memorial Day, he concluded what may have been as impressive an accomplishment as those of any of his Yankee heroes.
Ex-FIFA Official Admits To Bribes Related To South Africa's 2010 World Cup Bribery in FIFA has officially been confirmed.
'Front Office Combine' to Debut at NBA Summer League while some of the most promising young stars in the NBA will be competing in Las Vegas over the summer, a coinciding, comprehensive program designed to prepare those interested in front office NBA careers will debut this summer in Las Vegas as well.
NBA Warriors Curry and Thompson Explode on Central Stage There is a new team on the block in the NBA Finals and they have an electrifying style of play and two fresh-faced stars. This series is the Golden State Warriors' opportunity to play on the national stage and captivate public attention.
MLB Manager Gets Really Mad At A Bunch Of Umps He didn't win the argument, but who cares?
The 2 Numbers That Show How Excited The U.S. Is For The Women's World Cup Once again, the World Cup could change women's soccer in the U.S.
Moneyball, Lawyers and the Vanderbilt Baseball Mama Walker Buehler was a key contributor to Vanderbilt's national championship baseball team last year. According to the Vanderbilt Hustler, Vanderbilt's student newspaper, Buehler is listed as high as the second best overall prospect in the upcoming Major League Baseball draft.
Pittsburgh Pirates Player Gives Two Delightful Young Fans His Batting Gloves Just the best.
Sport and Society for Arete-Catching Up As I mentioned previously it seems as if there are always some bizarre or hilarious developments in the world of sport while I am out of touch. A few days ago I reported on my experiences watching hockey in Russia. Now I want to revisit what many of you will consider old news.
Close Finishes Highlight Prefontaine Classic A capacity crowd of 13,278 filled Hayward Field on a perfect sunny day with temperature in the mid-70's for the Prefontaine Classic. This year marked the 40th anniversary of Steve Prefontaine's passing and the Diamond League event bearing his name did not disappoint.
Clueless at the Top It is easy to demonize leaders. Some may well be unethical liars. But cluelessness is a human tendency. Some leaders really are the proverbial deer caught in the headlights -- unaware of what has led them to the spotlight of infamy. The only solution is prevention.
Embattled Ex-FIFA Boss Falls For Onion Article 
More Indictments Coming In FIFA Corruption Probe 
Chill Bro New York Rangers Fan Is Very Chill, Bro \Benjamin Franklin is killing the game.\u201d
The Crimes and Corruption of International Sports Perhaps FIFA is a more modern version of the mafia, bound by loyalty to its godfather, Sepp Blatter, and aided by its unchallenged control over the world's most favorite sport. The criminal laws of the United States may trim back the extortion, but the world sporting community will only be free of FIFA's absolutism when it creates a rival organization.
2015 WWE Elimination Chamber - Matches, Latest Rumors, and Predictions A couple of the rumors floating around are that there will be \huge surprise\ during the Elimination Chamber. This could be a couple of things. Will Samoa Joe show up and interfere in the Cena/Owens match? There's also a rumor of Roman Reigns turning heel.
More Details Emerge On FIFA Brothers Use of U.S. Banks 
Steph Curry Puts His Daughter on a Podium Instead of asking why Curry brought his daughter to the post game interview, we should be asking why don't more players do the same?
Qatar's Unintended Sporting Legacy Qatar's 2022 World Cup is promising to be a rare example of a mega sporting event that leaves a legacy of social, political and economic change - but not in the way the Gulf state's ruling family had imagined.
Dwight Howard Is Finished Masquerading As A Superstar 
European Gay Rugby Tournament for LGBT-Tolerance in Sport 700 sportsmen took part in the Union Cup in Brussels. Winners are the Kings Cross Steelers from London - but its about much more than just winning!
Where's the Ref? FIFA -- A Sports Body Playing Without Rules Football, or soccer as it is known, is a game of two halves. It's a game with rules and a referee. FIFA, the governing body for football, follows neither the rule of law or has the oversight of a referee.
After Outcry, Football Coach Bows Out Of 'Anti-LGBT' Group Event 
Steph Curry Takes Hard Fall, Leaves Game With Head Contusion 
Operation Coach Pairs Veterans With At-Risk Youth To Help Both It's a new initiative that the Miami Heat helps fund.
Didier Drogba May Move To U.S. 
Juan Pablo Montoya Wins Second Indianapolis 500 
Roger Federer Rips French Open Security After Fan Rushes Court For Selfie How is this allowed to happen?
Certainly Looks Like Some Weed Fell Out Of Kevin Durant's Car Last Night Live your best life, KD.
Pay A-Rod If this were only about Alex Rodriguez, it wouldn't be as much of an issue for the players and fans. Rodriguez is hardly a sympathetic character, both on and off the field. He has almost zero charisma. But this is not just about Alex Rodriguez.
Jamie Foxx Does A Really Good Doc Rivers Impersonation 'It's not on Blake.'
Tom Brady Punishment in Context As expected, Tom Brady filed his appeal last week. The NFLPA made the letter public on Friday, making the main appeal points available for all to see. They make three points, one of which we are going to discuss.
Get Outside Unlike the single-distance, climate-controlled environments of indoor archery, outdoor archery offers an unpredictable mix of terrain and weather at varying distances to challenge your shooting skills.
Baseball Announcers Go Crazy After World's Chillest Batter Catches Pitch \Ooh. Did he catch it? YaaaHAAAAAH, Wooooo!\
8 Stories From The Allen Iverson Doc That Will Change The Way You See Him There's more to the legendary player than you think.
The Golden Touch of a Chicago Cab Driver I do branding for a living and so I appreciate the confidence Estaifan has in who he is and what he stands for. He uses his life experience to connect with others and make even a short cab ride a memorable experience.
Stephen Curry Sinks 60-Foot Shot At The Buzzer 
Ethnic Tensions Spill Onto Iranian Soccer Pitches Against a backdrop of the violent redrawing of the map of the Middle East as minorities assert their rights, rebels challenge the existing order, and militant Islamists seek to carve up the post-colonial order, Iranian soccer pitches are signalling that the Islamic republic is not totally immune to the region's upheaval.
The Wilmer Flores Experiment Shouldn't Be Viewed as a Failure In the minds of most New York Mets' fans, the hunt for Jose Reyes' replacement -- now four seasons after his uncontested free-agent departure -- is still an ongoing journey. Needless to say, current Mets' shortstop Wilmer Flores' performance through May is doing little to inspire fans to move on.
Paul Pierce And Wizards Are Eliminated In Heartbreaking Fashion It's difficult to watch.
American Pharoah Wins Preakness Stakes, Setting Up Triple Crown Shot 
WWE Payback 2015 - Matches, Card, Rumors, and Predictions This Sunday, May 17th at 8pm EST, is the WWE Payback 2015 PPV event on the WWE Network. Let's talk about all the matches, rumors, and my predictions.
The Time Is Now For Bradley Beal 
This is the Tiger That Earl Woods Raised Earl Woods said he made it clear his purpose was \not to raise a golfer. I wanted to raise a good person.\ Despite the bad reputation that follows Tiger these days, here's proof that there's still a good person living inside of him.
How Ronda Rousey Fought Back After Discovering Nude Photos Of Her She fought for control.
Juggling All the Balls All talk last week revolved around deflated balls. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was found probably guilty, I guess that's the word, of tampering with his balls. Footballs that is. Everywhere I looked. Balls! Balls! Balls!
Here's The Chess Match Between The Memphis Grizzlies And Stephen Curry 
What Would Fred(dy) Couples Advise Tiger Woods? 
Every NBA Team Needs a Draymond Green Guys like Green are hard to find. It's going to be even harder to try to coach up the next Draymond Green. Some of what he does on the court isn't taught, it's innate.
The 'LeBron James' Kid Is Back We missed you.
Concussions Are Having An Alarming Impact On The Academics Of Students 
Derrick Rose's Kid Is Seriously The Coolest Kid In The World Bow down.
Dwight Howard Challenges Heckler 'To Come Out Here' Easy now, Dwight.
Walking Away From the Game Alex Rance is in the sweet spot of an already distinguished career as a professional Australian Rules footballer. Rance, 25, a star defender with the Richmond Tigers who was named in last season's All Australian team, also happens to be a Jehovah's Witness.
NFL Suspends Tom Brady For 4 Games Over 'Deflategate' The Pats also lost two draft picks.
LeBron James Hits The NBA's Third Game-Winner In 3 Days Best. Second Round. Ever.
Paul Pierce Hit A Game-Winning Bank Shot Against The Hawks 
A Fighting Spirit Elliot Williams' life has been full of pitfalls and tragedy, now\u00a0through the will of his mother that breathes within him, he's ready for his comeback to the NBA.
Aboutreika Few are able to bridge Egypt's deeply polarizing divide between supporters and opponents of the Muslim Brotherhood following the 2013 military coup that toppled President Mohammed Morsi.
A New Way Of Playing Professional Basketball In my experiences around athletes throughout my life, many of them don't have a plan once their sport ends. They spend their entire lives training and practicing, but once college or their professional careers are over with, they're unsure of what path to take next. Demetrius Spencer, the CEO of Ball Up, wanted to do something about that.
Real or 'Fake,' Violence Against Women is Never Funny During Game 2 of the playoff series between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Chicago Bulls, the Cavaliers ran an ad depicting a man slamming his girlfriend to the ground when he saw she was wearing a Bulls T-shirt.
Keith Olbermann Says NFL Should Suspend Tom Brady \One day for the inflation, 364 days for everything else.\
The Ring's the Thing Back in 1977, I was in the office of Cincinnati Stingers owner Bill DeWitt, getting ready to sign my contract for the World Hockey Association team. I put down the pen for a moment and told Mr. DeWitt a story.
Macho Men, Run and Hide -- The Closer Is Coming As baseball season gets into full swing, we hear lots of buzz about the closer -- baseball's newest position. Is the newly-minted closer worth the adulation and the money, or is the mystique just a myth?
This 14-Year-Old Running Champ Is Racing Against Her Own Body 
Olympic Track Star Throws Javelin To Pull Out His Daughter's Tooth Bryan Clay just won gold as a tooth-puller.
NFL Reacts To Patriots 'Deflategate' Verdict 
The Ugly Parent in All of Us Sports for kids would be a great experience if parents could control their emotions, but that is like asking a person who has never been skiing before to just relax as they look straight down from the top of the mountain. Relaxing just isn't in the cards.
Economists The NCAA's latest scare tactic appears error-ridden.
Here's Why The Houston Rockets Are So Hard To Stop 
Did Twitterati Censor Angels' Mike Trout? Apparently, nobody can use the tools of technology without being shamed, scolded and cajoled by whoever squawks up to the Twitter microphone. And the powers that be shrink in the face of the online \Mob Rules\ pseudo-activism
SPLIT! 
What The Hell Was Jimmy Kimmel Doing Behind Manny Pacquiao? No seriously, what the hell?
Service Outages Strike Ahead Of Pacquiao vs. Mayweather Fight 
Floyd Mayweather Beats Manny Pacquiao 
We Are All Baltimore This might be a good opportunity to love our neighbors as we love ourselves. Someone smart said that once. It might have been Buck Showalter. When the Orioles return from curfew-imposed exile, I'll be there. But this time I'll be rooting for Baltimore and not just the Orioles. We're all in this together, and it's time to start acting like it.
Ready To Rumble? 
The 11 Most Important Statistics To Remember During Tonight's Fight Are you really going to watch?
American Pharoah Wins 2015 Kentucky Derby 
Marcus Mariota Featured In Inspiring Beats By Dre Ad The video follows the Heisman winner through his hometown of Honolulu.
Is the Future of Hockey on Thin Ice? Back in February, the NHL proudly announced that it ranked number 17 on the EPA's National Top 100 list of the largest users of green power. It became the first professional sports league ever to achieve this important distinction.
Jameis Winston In many ways, Winston represents the perfect reputation zeitgeist for the NFL.  He's an awesome football player with perceived character issues.  That makes him less likable, and in the case of some Tampa Bay fans -- particularly women -- he hurts the overall experience.
Baltimore Orioles Executive Passionately Defends Freddie Gray Protesters The COO of the team said focus should be on cities like Baltimore are suffering, rather than ballpark protocols following the protests.
2015 WWE Extreme Rules - Matches, Rumors, and Predictions! Tomorrow Night Is The 2015 WWE EXTREME RULES PPV on the WWE Network! It all starts with the Kickoff Show at 7:30pm EST. Here are some rumors and predictions for the PPV!
Racing Heads to Kentucky Derby & Beyond How can it be? The Kentucky Derby 2015 is upon us. The preps are done and the scores have been racked up to identify the 20 horses that will explode out of the starting gate next Saturday.
Dwight Howard Responds To LeBron James' Full-Court Shot With One Of His Own Amazing.
Keith Olbermann Calls For Boycott Of NFL Draft And Pacquiao-Mayweather Fight Olbermann's take is not to be missed.
Hawks Return To New York For First Time Since Injured Player's NYPD Arrest Thabo Sefolosha did not join the team in New York.
79-Year-Old Nets Superfan Finally Returns After He Says LeBron James Complained About Him Mr. Whammy finally returns to the Barclays Center.
J.R. Smith Ejected After Vicious Hit To Celtics Player's Face The Cavs went on to beat the Celtics anyway.
Kevin Love Dislocates Shoulder, Slams Celtics Player For 'Bush League Play' It is unclear when Love will return.
It's Time for a New Playbook Trans visibility might be increasing in everyday society but this trend is not translating to the sports world in the same way it has for LGB players. Out-of-date policies have to be combated, dismantled and replaced with policies that respect transgender identities.
Kris Humphries Scrambles After Puzzling Initial Reaction To Bruce Jenner News Not a good look.
Oh, Nothing, Just LeBron James Hitting A One-Handed Full-Court Shot Unreal.
A Deeper Look at Cheerleading in NCAA Division I Schools Cheerleading requires serious discipline and more hours of hard work and training than most other collegiate sports. However, there's no glory, because when the cheer team takes the field or the floor, it is in support of the football or the basketball team. Thus, it requires a type of selflessness and humility that is rare in NCAA Division I collegiate athletes.
Tim Tebow Doesn't Suffer From An Anti-Christian Bias The NFL is clearly a professional league dominated by Christians. If Tebow is struggling, it isn't because he's \Tebowing\ or bowing down in prayer. It's because he's completing less than half of his passes.
Woman Hospitalized After Being Hit In The Head By Foul Ball 
MLB Manager Apologizes For Dropping 77 F-Bombs In Epic Rant 
Boston Marathon Bombing Survivor Crosses Finish Line 2 Years Later Rebekah Gregory was among those injured during the 2013 bombings.
Ex-College Basketball Star Waits 2 Years To Send The Perfect Tweet Game, set, match.
Andrew Maraniss' New Book Is a Captivating Read Strong Inside is the story of Perry Wallace, who was the first African-American basketball player in the Southeastern Conference.  It's part sports book and part sociological case study. Maraniss is able to emotionally insert the reader into the middle of the country's civil rights movement of the late 1960s.
Egyptian Death Sentence for Soccer Fans Puts President's Iron Grip to the Test Egyptian-general-turned-president Abdel Fattah al Sisi's iron grip on dissident is likely to be put to the test with the sentencing to death of 11 soccer fans for involvement in a politically loaded football brawl three years ago that left 74 militant supporters of Al Ahli SC dead.
Global Soccer's Backslapping, Backstabbing Backroom Deal-making Politics World soccer is about to get another taste of the global soccer's wheeling and dealing with the likely election of Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah, the head of the Association of National Committees (ANOC), the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) and the influential Solidarity Commission of the International Olympic Committee.
Take A Look At These Retro Nike Ads For Women They were published online to coincide with Nike's #betterforit campaign.
Pistons Coach Talks Dealing With Burnout In The NBA He says back-to-back games have taken a toll on his team.
Meet Sir Richard Branson, Human Bowling Ball 
Watch THE Best Catch Of The MLB Season So Far 
Stephen Curry Hits 77 Threes In A Row At Practice The rest of the NBA is screwed.
Cleveland Indians Pitcher Beaned In Face By Line Drive The hit came in the first inning of the game.
Learning From the Masters Jordan Spieth was the runaway winner of the tournament, reminding me that there's much to learn from a weekend of golf. Here are the top five-and-a-half takeaways from a record-breaking Augusta weekend:
Andrew Wiggins Demoralizes 7-Footer With Potential Dunk Of The Year R.I.P. Omer Asik.
Transcending the Game The outcome of the game was clearly not what he was hoping for, but his commanding presence on the field - Nick doing what he always does - could not have been a more appropriate way for him to honor his courageous sister's life.
Baseball Team Creates In-Stadium Nursing Suite For Moms 
Healthy-Looking D-Rose Throws Ridiculous Half-Court Pass Out Of A Trap Derrick Rose is back to doing Derrick Rose things.
Hockey Goalie Commits Humiliating Gaffe In National Title Game O'Connor held the puck in his glove momentarily and then inexplicably dropped it between his legs, where it bounced in for the tying goal by Providence.
The Knicks And Magic Played The Worst Quarter In NBA History Last Night A crime against the sport of basketball.
Darren Sharper May Have Penis Monitored As Part Of Probation, Report Says 
Johnny Manziel Released From Rehab He entered the facility on Jan. 28.
NBA Player Blocks, Dunks And Is Not Of This World Giannis Antetokounmpo, take a bow.
President Obama Does Lightning Pose With Usain Bolt The president met the sprinter during a trip to Jamaica.
What Are the Biggest Health Risks for NASCAR Drivers, Aside From Car Crashes? I can only speak for NASCAR, but car crashes are not in fact a big health risk for NASCAR drivers. Due to all the increased safety measures since the fatal crash that killed Dale Earnhardt in 2001, there has not been a driver fatality in a NASCAR race since 2001. Crashes are one of the least  hazardous aspects of the sport.
Duke's Coach K Can Coach, But Can He Dance? No. No, He Cannot Wow.
The Importance of STUDENT-athletes SNL ridiculed the deeply flawed system that allows athletes to attend college and even receive degrees without receiving an education. We found the skit to be entertaining, but deeply disturbing. Putting academic integrity before athletic success shouldn't be a late night punchline.
How Police Failed To Stop A Former NFL Star's Rape Spree 
One Direction's Niall Horan Is Going To Be Rory McIlroy's Caddie The pair will team up for a Masters event.
Wait, I Need The T-Shirt Jahlil Okafor's Dad Was Wearing Last Night NEED.
Sonny Gray Has Stellar Opening Day, Poised for Big Things in 2015 Lost in all the hype of the spectacular college hoops matchup between Duke and Wisconsin on Monday night was the incredible outing by Oakland Athletics ace Sonny Gray, who very subtly took a no-hitter into the 8th inning against the Texas Rangers.
There Is No Formula or Timetable for Athletic Success So in the absence of a clear formula or a defined timetable, and in the face of all this uncertainty and unpredictability, what can you do to keep yourself committed to your goals? Here are a few ideas.
Top 22 Highlights Of The Los Angeles Lakers' 2014-2015 Season Just kidding. They are all lowlights.
Duke's Coach K Calls Rent-A-Player Criticism 'Harsh' Coach K dismisses 'rent-a-player' criticism.
5 Reasons Tiger Woods Can Win the 2015 Masters Champions like Tiger Woods are always charting and changing their course to be certain everything is on track. Tiger didn't just come to Augusta because it was the popular thing to do. He wouldn't have showed up if he wasn't ready to win. He came to win and he's prepared to win.
Controversial Headgear Mandate for Girl's Lacrosse Ignored Science Suffice it to say, the new mandate hasn't made anybody happy and has garnered plenty of vocal detractors (and rightly so), from US Lacrosse, the sport's national governing body to coaches who don't see the flimsy headband approved by FHSAA as serving any purpose.
Golf's Green Dinos For it's first 80 years, females (including Rometty who showed up in pink) were denied the green jacket but allowed on the grounds during the tourney to \entertain clients.\ That sent a powerful message about women's true place -- not only in the business hierarchy, but society in general.
That Guy In The Jersey Is About To Propose How much did his buddies pay him?
Duke Beats Michigan State To Advance To NCAA Championship Game 
Wisconsin Beats Kentucky To Advance To NCAA Championship Game Wisconsin ends Kentucky's pursuit of perfection.
A Controversial Shot Clock Call Gave Wisconsin A Clutch Basket In Their Win Over Kentucky 
Hot Mic Picks Up Kentucky Player's Offensive Post-Game Insult STOP SAYING SECRET STUFF IN FRONT OF MICROPHONES.
Student Athletes, Open Mics and NCAA Profiteers Andrew Harrison isn't even six months past being a teenager. Why is he required to table all of the emotions he must be experiencing and answer questions for the profiteers who enjoy the benefits of his labor, win or lose?
Well Past Second Chances Some might say, Hardy paid his debt. He was put on the commissioner's exempt list last year and was unable to play.\u00a0What makes his situation unique, however,\u00a0is he was paid throughout his period on that list.
Here's The 2015 March Madness Schedule For Saturday's Final Four Games Tip times for Saturday's Final Four games.
One Of The Best Soccer Goals You'll Ever See 
Bowling Green Coach Fired For Harassing Women In Bar 
Michael Irvin Is All Of Us On A Friday Happy Friday.
Fear the Underdog Tis the season of the bracket buster, the upset story, the Cinderella team. Tis the season when we turn on the TV rooting for no one and, in the final seconds, find ourselves shouting for a team we know nearly nothing about.
Dominant Teams and Close Campus Proximity Makes 2015 Final Four Tickets Most Expensive Since At Least 2011 Three No. 1 seeds are still afloat and plenty of rich storylines exist. Along with Kentucky's pursuit of the perfect season, three remaining schools are within 350 miles of Indianapolis, allowing ticket prices on the secondary market to reach record-breaking highs in 2015.
Duke Comes Out Against Indiana's 'Religious Freedom' Law Ahead Of Final Four Duke University became the latest institution to publicly come out against the \religious freedom\ law recently passed in Indiana.
NBA Promises 'Inclusion' In Face Of New Indiana 'Religious Freedom' Law 
Here's The 2015 March Madness Schedule For Saturday And Sunday's Elite 8 Games All the times and listings for the Elite 8 games.
Charles Barkley Joins Chorus Of Outrage Over New Indiana Law 
Time for Yankees (and Fans) to Let Go of the 90s No matter how many number retirement ceremonies we throw, it doesn't change the fact that the New York Yankees are bloated with ill-conceived, long-term contracts, inexplicably garnished with no-trade clauses to aging, faded stars from another decade.
Kentucky Basketball vs. College Basketball, In 14 Vines Two different sports.
Tough NBA Player Does Cute Thing He asked a Special Olympics athlete for his autograph.
Happy Kid Dancing To 'Happy' At A Basketball Game Will Make You Happy Kid dances at a basketball game, is amazing at life.
Michael Sam Says Some Famous Athletes Are Secretly Gay When will we see the next gay NFL player come out?
For the NCAA, There is No Sideline The threat of SB 101 becoming law has thrust the NCAA into a unique position. The NCAA has an opportunity to have an impact beyond sport by speaking out against this discriminatory law.
College Sports Programs Compensate Coaches Well - And Now it is Time to Pay the Players Coach Harbaugh's multi-million dollar deal is just more proof that college sports are big business. It is another reason why college athletes, particularly college football players and basketball players, should be getting paid.
Here Are The Most Popular Throwback Jerseys In Each State Kobe's pretty most popular in a lot of states, but not in California.
Why FIFA Won't Disclose How Much It Pays Its Executives A lack of transparency at one of the world's most important sports institutions.
Devon Still Announces His Daughter's Cancer Is In Remission Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Devon Still shared some great news about his daughter.
Educating for Democracy The fundamental problem confronting Division l athletic programs comes at a time in which an increasing trend in higher education is becoming more obvious
The Pace Isn't the Problem; People Are the Problem We have a problem with pacing in our society. And if baseball--as I've long hypothesized--is a microcosm and a metaphor for said society then it should come as no surprise that the pace of the game has been targeted as one of the biggest issues for fans.
Digitally Integrated Skiing and Snowboarding This is the new reality of skiing and snowboarding. With a smartphone at the center, we have an integrated system of technology that tracks our runs, captures the experience with immersive detail.
Tim Tebow Trained With Manny Pacquiao The pair sparred for a bit at the boxer's L.A. gym.
Sport and Society for Arete-Geography Lessons What college football is not about is a geography lesson. Sports leagues have historically been geographically challenged. The Atlanta Braves were once in the Western Division of the National League, and currently Salt Lake City is a member of the East Coast Hockey League.
Pel\u00e9 
NFL Rookie Says He's Giving Back 3/4 Of His Signing Bonus The NFL rookie said he's giving the majority of his signing bonus back.
Georgia State Coach Gives Heart-Wrenching Press Conference After Loss 
Villanova Crying Piccolo Player Captures The Emotional Roller Coaster That Is March Madness Flute girl embodies the sorrow that is March Sadness.
It's Down To Only One Perfect Bracket Only one bracket left.
Obama Attends Women's NCAA Tournament Game, Cheers On Niece 
Steve Nash Announces Retirement From The NBA Nash played 19 years in the league.
Here Is The March Madness Weekend TV Schedule All the times, networks and matchups you need.
Charles Barkley Attempted To Ride Scooter Like Georgia State's Coach What could possibly go wrong?
This Is How Many Perfect Brackets Are Left 
The Best Race of Iditarod 2015 Didn't Take Place in Front of Huge Crowds or a Television Audience The best race of Iditarod 2015 didn't take place in front of huge crowds or a live television audience. Instead, the battle for 12th place played out over 11 hours of dramatic racing featuring the most terrifying windstorm many mushers had ever witnessed.
Kentucky Fan Gets National Champs Tattoo. Let's Hope It Happens For Him. That's some real confidence, bro.
NFL Rookie Explains Why He Retired Good for him.
Coach's Super Profound Words Right on.
Player Gets Pantsed On National TV, Reacts Like A Pro Few things could be more embarrassing than losing your shorts on national TV.
Six-and-a-Half Odd Tips to Win Your March Madness Office Pool As my wife can attest, sports consume an embarrassingly high percentage of my television viewing and internet surfing. With a healthy base of sports knowledge, one would think I would be an expert at the March Madness office pool. But nay!
Dallas Seavey Cruises to Third Iditarod Crown With the northern lights flickering overhead, a morning crowd still recovering, or yet to recover, from St. Patrick's Day celebrations the day before gave him a warm welcome as he notched Iditarod win number three.
NFL Player Shares Some Good News About His Daughter's Cancer Treatment Some good news for the Bengals lineman and his daughter.
Listen to Your Heart, Even When It Breaks My forehead throbbed with tension. It hurt to swallow and my eyelids were red, puffy and raw. I didn't care and let the tears out. They were extra salty as they combined with the sweat caked onto my face before landing at the corners of my mouth.
A Ref's Favorite Team? I Love 'Em All You know something I've never seen? I've never seen a referee or linesman who is \biased\ toward or against a particular team. I would say so if it was otherwise, and probably would have to be physically separated from the SOB if we were in the same place at the same time.
Archery Tattoos 
How A Group Of Outcast Teen Boys Taught Me The Value Of Youth Sports Don't expect to win any games, they said. Some of the boys have attention issues, they said; several chronically misbehave. Some lack \talent\ or are slow footed. And we think so and so is selling weed, and, oh, by the way, we don't think a woman should be coaching a boys' team in the first place. I had a different perspective.
The Beginning of a New NY Jets Era The conclusion is inescapable
This Beagle Is One Helluva Goalkeeper And he can fetch the balls afterward.
Will Ferrell Ends Remarkable Dodgers Career With 0.00 ERA What a legend.
Some Kid Threw Double Middle Fingers At LeBron James Building those heckling skills early.
Iman Shumpert Says He Looks Just Like An 'Empire' Character, And He's Right He's not wrong.
University Professors Form Coalition To Fight For NCAA Pay They have their work cut out for them.
Muhammad Ali Calls For Iran To Release Jailed WaPo Reporter He's still got it.
LeBron James Starts Game Without Headband, Possibly For First Time Ever It's a good look for him.
Why Sports Mean So Much To Families Today When parents place their kids in organized sports early on, they start with the right reasons. They hope their kids become more physically fit. They often want their kids to meet friends or learn to be part of a team. But eventually their kids' participation in sports morphs into other motives.
Coming Out From the Shadows Some players have retired; others were released, or were traded away. New faces dot the turf, in the form of free agent signings, prospects and other roster hopefuls. Perhaps no team is experiencing this dynamic more than the New York Yankees.
Best Fits For NFL's Marquee Wide Receiver Free Agents 
Blatter's Call on Iran to Allow Women Into Stadia Reeks of Opportunism It will take more than a verbal statement to persuade either Iran of Saudi Arabia to lift restrictions on women's sports. To achieve that, Mr. Blatter would have to put a sufficiently high price tag on their failure to do so.
Blackhawks Fan Wears Bandage Of Courage After Plexiglass Hits Her Face 
Anthony Davis 'Guarantees' Kentucky's National Title 
An Open Letter to Daniel Murphy From a Gay Dad Let me try to explain why what you said was not an innocuous sound byte, but rather an offensive statement.  First, I do not have a lifestyle. I didn't choose my sexuality the same way you didn't choose yours. Second, being gay is not what defines me.
Damian Lillard To Make Mom Proud And Graduate College \That was something that I told my mother I was going to do.\
Steve Nash All But Officially Admits NBA Career Is Over Goodbye, Steve.
Current NFL Player Announces He's Donating His Brain To Science He's joined by former Seattle Seahawk Sidney Rice.
Jeremy Roenick 
5 Reasons to Become an Archery Fan So you think Katniss Everdeen is cool? Or maybe you followed Team USA at the London Olympic Games? Archery is awesome for lots of reasons, including its many health benefits and a major fun factor. But let's consider some other great reasons for becoming a fan.
Rooney Grabs a Brace, Manchester United Week 27 Recap United played against Sunderland, hoping to return to winning ways after defeat at Swansea and reestablish themselves in their pursuit of a top four finish.
Spurs End Four-Game Skid Against Kings DeMarcus Cousins sat out with a sprained left ankle and bruised left hip.  Without him in the lineup the Kings were unable to contain the San Antonio Spurs who ended their four-game skid behind a revived Tony Parker.
Warren Moon 
Laird Hamilton Foil Boards Above Huge Surf, Takes Our Breath Away 
Why Sport Matters There is far more to Dean Smith's legacy than 879 basketball victories, an Olympic gold medal victory in 1976, two Division I National Championships and an astonishing 11 Final Four appearances. There is the far-from-simple virtue of a life well lived.
WATCH Teamwork like this deserves recognition.
Chess Gems From Zurich The Zurich Chess Challenge was a festive six-grandmaster extravaganza played this month in the posh Savoy hotel. The American grandmaster Hikaru Nakamura benefitted from the last-minute change in the rules and blitzed his way to win the title.
Soccer Racism Highlights Europe's Struggle With Transition and Entrenched Racism Recent soccer-related racism highlights European nations' tortured transition from ethnically relatively homogeneous to multicultural immigration societies amid a resurgence of entrenched racial, including anti-Semitic, attitudes that flourish in times of economic crisis and are not limited to Muslim communities.
NFL Clubs Seek to Feed at the Public Trough Once Again The National Football League and its clubs have been leaders in this process of exacting tribute from the cities where their game is played. It starts when a club makes a demand on a city or county to improve its stadium or else!  The \or else\ is always the threat to relocate its franchise to another city.
10 Things I Hate About the Game I Love I have enjoyed a lifelong love affair with baseball. But as passionate as I am about our national pastime, there are some things that need to be changed. Here then is what I hate most about the game I truly Iove.
Someone Made A Pretty Funny Mashup Of Pau Gasol Screaming A Bunch A man of passion.
How David Stern's Dress Code Transformed The Modern NBA Star While Stern's decree was intended to protect his own brand in a manner that would make Roger Goodell blush, the dress code has proven to be mutually beneficial. A rule that was so despised has spawned a new financial opportunity for the players.
The 10 Things You Need To Watch If You Missed NBA All-Star Weekend For all of you who actually got away from the TV during the long weekend.
Zach LaVine Dunk At All-Star Contest Is Unbelievable 
Michigan's Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony Restores Faith in Sports The other night I put aside this pessimism as my eyes opened to some truly amazing stories of humanity in sports. If you want to see what is still great about athletes, just attend a local Hall of Fame induction ceremony.
Marshawn Lynch's Friend Says He's Unsure Lynch Will Play Next Year \I don\u2019t know. I don't think Marshawn knows yet.\
Grant Hill Originally Wanted To Play For Dean Smith, North Carolina 
13 Political Lessons From Fantasy Football Yes, fantasy football is much more than a game; it's a political science crash course. Now if we could just get more people to play together, then fantasy sports may help us bridge the world's political and diplomatic divide.
Richie Incognito Insists He's Not Actually A Racist Jerk This is the same man who once called his teammate a \half n----r piece of sh-t.\
Bill Walton Thinks Michael Jordan Was Just An \u2018Average' Athlete And he wasn't joking.
One Year Anniversary of Sochi Olympics - What Have We Seen and Learned? I believe every Olympic Games where athletes, spectators, journalists, and others from around the globe congregate for a hallowed two weeks is a testimony to miracle of humanity. I believe that people are inherently good unless some \neuro-circuitry\ misfires or is misguided.
A-Rod Apologizes 
The Passing of Coach Dean Smith He is in us, in the students--he is in our passion and our drive and our love and our character. We strive to achieve balance and success and good-valued morals and happiness in our lives.
Mr. Millenial Popovich's genius has been in his defiance of NBA wisdom. NBA wisdom holds that players can carry championship teams until they simply can't anymore, and when that time comes they should be let go.
Legendary Basketball Coach Dean Smith Dies 
Keen to Project a Progressive Image, the UAE Picks Its Battles Projecting an image of being politically and culturally on the cutting edge, the UAE carefully picks its battles. Participation in the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State, the jihadist group that controls a swath of Syria and Iraq, has projected the Emirates as a military force to be reckoned with. Soccer is the Emirates' next target.
Aaron Hernandez's Lawyer Made A \u2018Deflategate' Joke During The Trial Hernandez stands accused of the murder of Odin Lloyd, a human being. The Patriots have been accused of deflating some footballs before a big game.
Cultivating Our Young Athletes If a player is a star in high school, the idolization starts early. The loudest voices in the athlete's ear say, \You'll be a pro someday! Yes, do your schooling, but you don't have to work too hard because one day you'll be rich!\
Leveling the Playing Field, Without Fear This National Girls and Women in Sports day, let's redouble our commitment to spreading the word about Title IX, including its anti-retaliation protections, address inequities with action, and ensure that female athletes have the chance to participate and excel in athletics.
How Malcolm Butler Went From Popeyes Employee To Super Bowl Hero \u201cThat just made me realize how bad I wanted it and how bad I really needed it.\
Tennis Wunderkind Nick Kyrgios and the Rise of the Social Athlete For the most part, sport is about entertainment. Tennis matches, especially at night, are beginning to look and feel more and more like rock concerts. Right now, win or lose, Nick is adding to that experience in spades.
Why Rafael Nadal is (Still) my Hero and is the True GOAT In this article I will start with stating why Rafael Nadal is my hero, why he should be all of ours, and why he is the greatest example in tennis today of prevailing against human suffering.
Ozymandias An empire, more often than not, doesn't erupt so much as erode. The \Big Four\, composed of Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and Andy Murray, is no longer the force of nature it once was. But it happened quietly, subtly, the way water wears away at rock.
Super Bowl XLIX When you sit down to enjoy the Super Bowl, enjoy a healthy side of irony with your wings. In much of Europe, soccer embraces a rapacious form of capitalism that would make Mitt Romney blush, whereas in the U.S., the NFL eschews the blue and white heat of high finance for a philosophy that is tinged with more than a touch of red.
Novak Djokovic Wins Australian Open Title 
Leave Marshawn Lynch Alone In what has seemed like an especially inane lead up to the Super Bowl, Marshawn-Lynch-Won't-Talk-Gate has been particularly annoying. Especially aggravating is the media's ongoing insistence that it is somehow doing athletes a huge favor by covering them, as opposed to, making their own livelihoods off the backs of those athletes.
Katy Perry To Perform The First Shoppable Super Bowl Halftime Show During Perry's show, using either ShopTV or shop-enabled tweets sent out through the game, fans will be able to check out a variety of products being sold during the performance.  Upon finding something they want to buy, fans will complete the purchase from their couch by using Visa Checkout.
Hey, It's Legal In Washington Hey, it's legal, right?
Marshawn Lynch Wore His Gold Cleats During Super Bowl Warm-Ups We\u2019ll update the post if he continues to wear them during the game.
The Super Bowl Is Finally Here! 
Exclusive Yes, the real Air Bud from your childhood.
The 2015 Super Bowl Commercials You Need To See Happy commercial-viewing, and, uh, go team!
25 Psychics Predicted Who Will Win The Super Bowl For Us If you believe our country's psychics, the New England Patriots are about to win Super Bowl XLIX.
Serena Williams 
10 Super Bowl Facts Not Related to #DeflateGate This year 184 million Americans will watch the Super Bowl and over 40 million will host a Super Bowl party. Below are ten interesting facts, not related to deflate-gate.
Super Bowl Bets, Meet Math Americans probably like to think of their countrymen as a group of achievers, hardscrabble hustlers who pull themselves up by the bootstraps each morning to go to work, eat apple pie, and fall asleep watching baseball.
Heading Into Super Bowl XLIX, Fans Are the Big Winners On Sunday night, either the Seahawks or Patriots will walk out of University of Phoenix Stadium as winners of Super Bowl XLIX.  Leading up to the big game, though, the biggest winners of Super Bowl weekend are the fans attending the wide variety of events hosted by NFL partners and other corporations across Phoenix.
Super Bowl XLIX is Between Lex Luthor and The Joker Of course Americans will watch the game.  But who will we root for?  Who are we supposed to cheer for when it is Lex Luthor going against the Joker?  Maybe football needs a villain, but not two of them.
Super BEANS!! Half-baked in Boston...
OOPS! NFL Didn't Measure Football Pressure 
Should Kobe Bryant Just Hang it up? The guy can still score, put butts in the seats at the Staples Center and has 32,482 career points. Maybe if the front office can put some pieces around him going into the final year of his contract, just maybe we will see Bryant go out on his own terms.
The NFL 'Playbook' for Defending Racism Against American Indians The Washington team's inappropriate response is unfortunately consistent with the \playbook\ that the Washington team and NFL continues to use to defend the offensive and harmful team name and logo of the Washington team.
Richard Sherman 
Seattle Seahawks Must Do These 3 Things To Win The Super Bowl 
NFL Actually Considering Fining Marshawn Lynch Because Of This Cap Are you kidding me?
The NFL's Approach to Kids Today is out of Bounds I was deeply troubled to discover that the NFL's approach to children is now the same as mega-corporations like Disney and McDonald's. The NFL not only wants children to \consume\ its products (licensed merchandise and televised football), it wants to immerse kids in its brand 24/7.
This PSA Will Be The First To Address Domestic Violence During The Super Bowl \When it's hard to talk, it's up to us to listen.\
Looks Like Richard Sherman Was Right About 'Deflategate' If you\u2019re hoping for some closure on the \u201cdeflategate\u201d scandal by Super Bowl Sunday, tough luck.
The Burden of Expectation The bottom line is that, unless you do something to change your perspective on expectations or to help you let go of those expectations, you have very little chance of doing your best and getting the results you want.
Ohio State's Russell, Ohio's Ndour Named NetScouts Basketball Players of Week Freshman D'Angelo Russell had a pair of standout performances this week and proved that he's a legitimate one-and-done prospect.
DeflateGate They say that whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger. That certainly appears to be true with the NFL. Over the past year it has been rocked by a series of brand-damaging events that have been magnified by media coverage.
Super Bowl 2015 Why do some athletes and coaches cheat?  The quick answer
Science and Bad Faith in the Deflate-gate Scandal As anyone who has been alive in America over the past week knows, the New England Patriots have been accused of deflating the footballs they used in the first half of their crushing triumph over the Indianapolis Colts.
Bill Nye \u201cI\u2019m not too worried about coach Belichick competing with me,\u201d Nye said.
REPORT 
Even 'Sesame Street' Seems To Have Poked Fun At Deflategate 
'Mr. Cub,' Chicago Baseball Legend Ernie Banks, Dead At 83 
The Rebound at Loftus Road, Manchester United Week 22 Recap After a home defeat against Southampton, Manchester United were eager to return to the field in search of three points against relegation-fearing Queen Parks Rangers.
CAUGHT ON VIDEO 
Huddles Football is not just a game of strategy, but it is counterstrategy, execution, recovery, calibration, recalibration and then again strategy and execution -- all in 24-second cycles. So what makes this possible? We pondered, why is football so different from other team sports like soccer, baseball or basketball.
Here's The New Sexy Carl's Jr. Super Bowl Commercial 
New Ad Proves D.C. Football Can Survive Without 'Redskins' Name An online ad released Friday hopes to show what a Washington game would be like without the Redskins mascot.
The Friskies Cats Hilariously Explain Human Super Bowl Behavior The commercial, which Friskies made with Buzzfeed, is intended to be \kitten-sized\ for the Super Bowl on Feb. 1.
Russell Westbrook Hit A Beautiful Game Winner Last Night We especially like the little skip at the end.
Tom Brady Has A Lot To Say About Balls 
Dan Marino Talks 'DeflateGate' 
Seems Like An Odd Time For The NFL To Instagram Deflated Footballs No?
All Hail This Pantless Seattle Seakhawks Fan The real question
REPORTS 
The Seahawks Are Going To The Super Bowl! 
This Richard Sherman Interception Literally Shook The World Richard Sherman is good at football.
PGA Golfer Robert Allenby Kidnapped, Beaten In Hawaii 
WATCH 
NFL Scoreboard 
Kings Fall to Clippers Without Cousins It was announced before the start of the game that both DeMarcus Cousins and Rudy Gay will be out of the lineup.  But midway through the first quarter Gay checked in and added some spark to an already dominant offense.  The Kings got off to one of their best starts while maintaining a good pace with the Clippers.
What's Not to Understand? Children Were Raped. I'm writing this to make a point that I feel can't ever become redundant.  I seem to keep having to argue a very necessary objective regarding the PSU/Paterno scandal and the NCAA sanctions.  I suppose I'll keep reiterating as often as possible until people who don't get it, do.
Russell Westbrook Goes Full Marshawn Lynch In Post-Game Interview \I just don\u2019t like you.\
Keith Olbermann Not Exactly Thrilled Penn State Getting Its Wins Back \This is Joe Paterno\u2019s legacy. This is Penn State\u2019s legacy. Football was more important to them than saving children.\
Manny Pacquiao On Floyd Mayweather, Jr 
49ers Introduce 19th Head Coach The 19th head coach of the 49ers has been the defensive line coach for the past eight seasons. He also served as the interim head coach for the final game in 2010 after Mike Singletary was fired.
Turkish Soccer Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan's illiberal policies have targeted the media, the judiciary, the police, militant soccer fans, and anti-government protesters. Now they threaten to claim yet another victim
Why Great Athletes Don't Retire When They Should The struggles of Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning, in Sunday's loss to the Colts revives the classic question
Kroenke's Plan Is Best Chance for NFL in LA St. Louis Ram owner Stan Kroenke's plan to build a state-of-the-art football stadium in Inglewood near Hollywood Park is the most promising opportunity for the return of the NFL to Los Angeles in many years.
15 Ways The Knicks Can Trade Carmelo Anthony 
Kings Rout Cavaliers Without LeBron Last night, the Kings took advantage of the LeBron-less Cavaliers to rout them 103-84.  Sacramento was at their best, getting off to an explosive start and never looked back.  Their last two wins have been decided by 19 or more points.
Snowboard Bungee Jumping Is Winter's Insane New Thrill 
WATCH 
Seattle Seahawks Beat Carolina Panthers In NFC Divisional Playoff Game 
Nobody Wins When The Final Score Is 161-2 
NHL Team Makes Stirring Gesture To Honor Paris Terror Victims 
Newcastle May Have Already Won Super Bowl Ad Ambush 
Gareth Bale's Inch-Perfect Free Kick Is Unfair, Unstoppable 
WARNING 
Blake Leeper Wants to Be the First American Paralympian at the Olympics Blake Leeper may be training for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, but he found time to stop by the Samsung Smart Lounge to talk about his goals and how technology can help people like him compete at a high level.
How to Be a Fighter With MMA Champ Anthony Pettis Lightweight champion MMA fighter Anthony Pettis stopped by What's Trending to show off his headphones, talk about the surging popularity of the UFC, and to talk about his signature move, a pretty badass jump kick.
Kobe Right About Ego-and-Greed-Driven AAU Basketball The Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant recently came out ripping AAU basketball while saying young players in Europe are much better prepared than their United States counterparts. 'AAU basketball,' answered Bryant when asked what's wrong with basketball in the United States.
The Amazing Grace of Stuart Scott He transitioned with amazing grace from the hip young anchor to the established presence to the revered institution in front of us all.  It's just so sad that we couldn't see him make that final transition to elder statesman.
3 Reasons Why The Seattle Seahawks Could Repeat 
Men Climbing Yosemite's Dawn Wall Wait For Dark 
UFC Champ Jon Jones Checks Into Drug Rehab 
40 Years of Spectacular Chess In 1975, the organizers of the traditional chess tournament in the Dutch coastal town of Wijk aan Zee inaugurated a prize for the most spectacular game. They expected breathtaking encounters, griping contests, and some glamour and charm.
13 Aussie Sharks Spotted in Bondi, at Water Polo by the Sea A bull shark emptied Australia's Bondi Beach of people for nearly two hours on Friday, and had its 15 minutes of fame. But by Saturday, it had all but been forgotten in favor of a different breed of shark.
Longtime 'Sportscenter' Anchor Stuart Scott Dies 
Ravens Take Out Rival Steelers In Playoff Grudge Match 
Colleagues Bid Stuart Scott An Emotional Farewell 
LeBron Shares Heartfelt Tribute To Stuart Scott 
ESPN Honors Stuart Scott's Legacy With Touching Tribute Video 
Jameis May Have Lost The Rose Bowl, But His Memes Won The Internet 
Coaching Carousel Spins in NFL Black Monday in the NFL saw four more franchises fire their head coaches along with two general managers. Clearly there are situations where a head coach may have lost the ability to motivate his team or lost control of how to fix a losing situation and a change is needed. History shows however that stability at the coaching level is a key to success.
Liverpool's Steven Gerrard Headed To The U.S. 
Harbaugh Gone, 49ers Hunt for New Head Coach In his four years as head coach, Harbaugh led the 49ers to two NFC Championships and the Super Bowl. How is this not enough for a team that hadn't made it to the playoffs since 2002. Every players dream is to win a Super Bowl but the reality is, only a few teams who get the chance.
Philadelphia Eagles Front Office Foolish to Follow San Fran's Ego-Driven Destruction The question Iggles fans should be asking shouldn't be who won the power struggle? It should be why does a power struggle exist at all?
Florida State Called Out Over Lack Of Sportsmanship 
Don't Worry, The Baylor Kick Is Alive 
The Hungover Football Fan's Guide To The New Year's Day Bowl Games 
Sport and Society for Arete - The Year As years go, 2014 was an interesting one in the sports world. Some might characterize it as depressing while others may look back on it as exhilarating. Whatever the case may be we know that at some point in the future we will look back on the year 2014 with nostalgia.
Shooting Diamonds For the players of Major League Baseball, the World Series is the ultimate goal. For directors of MLB games on television, it's a career-crowning achievement. For two decades, two directors have been a perennial postseason dynasty.
Should My Child Play Football? All sports, like life itself, involve risks. Unless we intend to keep our children by our sides, safe from the potential of injury, growing up entails dangers to life and limb.
4-time Champ Lance Mackey Joins Impressive Yukon Quest International Sled Dog Race Field Mackey is four-time champion of both the Yukon Quest and the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race. He is the only musher to have won both races in the same year, with dual wins in both 2007 and 2008.
Big Ten Network's Dave Revsine Talks College Football Then and Now Dave Revsine, the Big Ten Network's lead studio host, stopped by The Interview Show to talk about his book on the beginnings of college football, The Opening Kickoff --\u00a0and how the game has changed and remained the same since then.
Aaron Rodgers Gives Lineman Box of Chocolates One thing we probably should do with such an elaborate gift is to break it down to what an apples to apples gift might look like if a similar \boss\ or leader wanted to show holiday generosity to his employees out of his or her pocket.
The Best Boxing Knockouts Of 2014 
Joy To The World, The Griswold Family Christmas Sportscast Is Here 
Kobe Has 5 Reasons You Shouldn't Heckle Him 
Meet The Pro Bowl Snub Team 
A Knicks' Fan's Open Letter to Santa I am not asking for anything next Christmas. Instead, I want you to give it all away. With the exception of Carmelo, everyone can go. After all it is the season of giving, right?
Wild Stat of the Week The Book of Basketball by Bill Simmons should be considered the bible for basketball fans everywhere, and its crown jewel is The Pyramid, Simmons's idea for a new basketball Hall of Fame and his ranking of the 96 best players in basketball history.
Jeremy Lin Makes It A Gold Christmas For Lakers 
Ho Ho Ha? Neymar Goes With Santa Look For Christmas 
These Are The Parents We All Know From Little League Sidelines 
This '80s-Inspired Video Might Be The Goofiest NHL All-Star Bid Yet 
New Ray Rice Video Shows Aftermath Of Domestic Assault 
103-Year-Old Golfer Most Likely Breaks Record With Hole-In-One 
49ers Stunned In OT Loss To Chargers hings just keep getting worse for the Forty-Niners.  After blowing a huge lead the San Diego Chargers fought back and tied the game to force an overtime and came away with the 38-35 victory over San Francisco.  Nick Novak's 40-yard field goal sealed their win in OT.
Why The 'Redskins' Name Can't Be Separated From The Bigger Issues Native Americans Face 
Tim Howard Speaks Out About Growing Up With Tourette Syndrome 
James Flacco Is Not An Elite QB Or Enemy Of North Korea 
Here's How A Former NBA Prospect Found Out His Career Was Over 
Week 16 Fantasy Football Focus We projected a down week for Rodgers last week, but he bounces back into the top three this week against a bottom ten pass defense that will be without its best pass rusher this week.
NBA Veteran Graduates From College, Nine Pro Seasons Later 
Freshman Football Player Shot, Killed 
And The Heisman Goes To... 
Police Arrest Suspect In Shooting Death Of Auburn Player 
Don't Tread On These All-American Uniforms 
Adrian Peterson Considered Bolting NFL For Olympics 
After Honoring Eric Garner, LeBron's Voice Could Have Been Louder After the game James was asked his reason for wearing the \I Can't Breathe\ T-shirt, and he responded, \It was a message to the family. That I'm sorry for their loss, sorry to his wife. That's what it's about.\ It appears that James was more interested in playing it safe, unwilling to ruffle the feathers of his corporate sponsors and brands.
Girl Cries After MLB Star Traded; He Takes Her For Pizza 
2014 in Sports However, while it's easy to lament to the failings of our sports fandoms in 2014, there's no denying that there was also a lot of good to come from the past year.
Kobe Bryant Has Every Right To Be Upset With Laker Teammates When Kobe Bryant talks, we listen. That's what five NBA titles and a league MVP gets you. As a result, it became national news when the 36-year-old Bryant was caught on camera going after his teammates for a lackluster effort during practice. \Soft,\ he called them.
Remote Alaska High School Volleyball Team Endures rough Landing in Bush Plane En Route to State Tournament The twin-engine Piper Navajo touched down -- and then the left landing gear folded, according to King Salmon airport manager Kyler Hylton, who stood watching with a fleet of fire trucks and ambulances as the aircraft approached.
Top 10 College Basketball Seniors 
The Future Of Surfing Looks A Lot Like The NFL 
10 Reasons Why LeBron Is Better Than Kobe 
A Love Letter to Tony Romo Not a single \Romo hater\ has a legitimate reason for their position in my opinion. Sure, you haven't won a Super Bowl, but I highly doubt than any other quarterback would have won a ring on those teams.
State of the United, Manchester United Week 14 Recap United's road on this streak has been marked by their in-game success and return to form, but dotted with injuries to key players.
Why the Story of Muhammad Ali's Rebellion Matters Today Recently, several St. Louis Rams players protested the Ferguson non-indictment, pantomiming \hands up, don't shoot\ as they came on the field. But in the '60s, the intersection of sports, politics and religion reached its zenith in the person of Muhammad Ali.
Sport and Society for Arete - The Fearsome Foursome The much anticipated day of revelation has arrived. No, not the second coming of Bear Bryant, but rather the announcement from the Committee of Justice that on Sunday revealed the top four teams in college football.
Bulls Derrick Rose Wears 'I Can't Breathe' Shirt At Game 
High Schooler Scores Touchdown With Jaw-Dropping Front Flip 
College Football Playoff Teams Revealed 
Bo Ryan Knows Basketball On Wednesday night at the Kohl Center in Madison, Wisconsin, Duke and UW met for perhaps the most anticipated basketball game of the year. Many people -- myself included -- picked Wisconsin to win.
Mario Balotelli In Trouble For Offensive 'Don't Be Racist' Instagram Post 
4 More Reasons Wisconsin Should Make the College Football Playoff In other words, we can look at what some very smart people are saying and see in their words more than a glimmer of hope for the Badgers if they win on Saturday.
Mark My Words In 2011, in an interview with The Golf Channel, I predicted a Tiger Woods comeback while many others said he was done. I was right that time and I am right again, and I'll say it right now and on the record
College Football Playoff Projections 
Kings Lose to Raptors, Without Cousins Again The best thing about \hot\ teams is that they eventually cool off.  But unfortunately for the Raptors that didn't happen.
The Fall of Robert Griffin III -- Is it Fair? In the contemporary, \nothing matters but this game\ NFL, spurred on by constant criticism in talk radio and social media, the slow development of a quarterback is not allowed. Win or be benched is the new mantra.
Final Four Crashers 
Los Angeles Lakers -- Oh How the Mighty Have Fallen Enjoy the swan song of Bryant. He has moments of greatness that evoke the dominating superstar he has been. But, get used to a Lakers team that is allowing the most points per game in the NBA and has trouble scoring.
Adrian Peterson The dramatic circumstances of the Ray Rice and Adrian Peterson cases raise the issue of which aspects of an athlete's private life should be subject to public awareness and judgment.
Breaking Down UFC 181 A four-time NCAA Division-I All American at Oklahoma State University, Hendricks is an elite wrestler with tremendous knockout power in his left hand, who displayed improved boxing and low kicks during his last outing against Lawler.
Sport and Society for Arete For those who wonder why the owners have supported Goodell through the recent missteps and blunders it is only necessary to look at what the labor settlement and television contracts have done to team values. A lot of money has been delivered to the owners by Roger Goodell's achievements.
6 Reasons Wisconsin Should Make the College Football Playoff On November 26th, the nation's highest-profile pollster -- Nate Silver of the New York Times -- gave ten teams a better chance of making the inaugural College Football Playoff than the University of Wisconsin.
Police 
Ray Rice's Pyrrhic Victory Nothing good for \number 27\ will come out of this proceeding. On the other hand, for those men and women who are victims of domestic violence, the public attention focused by the Rice proceeding might make more people aware of this societal scourge.
Redskins' Thanksgiving Tweet Is More Awkward Than Anything At Your Family Gathering 
49ers Fall Further Behind In Playoff Race After Loss To Seahawks It's time to push the panic button. The 49ers will now have to win their remaining four games to get a chance to head back to the playoffs.
Ray Rice Wins Appeal, Suspension Vacated Immediately 
Alaska Iditarod Musher Recounts Horrific Training Run Collision With SUV When an SUV slammed into musher Karin Hendrickson's four-wheeler Tuesday evening, she was thrown into the air and her dogs ran from the scene of the accident. She landed in a ditch about 20 feet away, then began making phone calls.
John Calipari Hopes To Keep Improving As Kentucky Head Coach 
Game-Changing Plays from Week 12 in the NFL To highlight the Live ScoreCaster, we will take our in-game technology, Live ScoreCaster, to the next level to review the game-changing plays from the NFL and what the game would have looked like if the plays had turned out differently.
49ers Beat Redskins Late in the Fourth Washington tied the game again 10-10 with a 27-yard field goal from Forbath in the third.  Despite taking the lead in the fourth, the Redskins were no match for the 49ers in the end.  Washington lost their third game in a row and forth straight to San Francisco.
WATCH 
WATCH 
Every Network Wants In On NFL's Thursday Night Football 
Raiders Win, End 16-Game Skid For the first time this season, a late attempt to score was successful with less than two minutes remaining on the clock.
Vince Carter Moved To Tears After Toronto Raptors Show Video Tribute 
Canadian Hockey Fans Rescue U.S. National Anthem, Prove They're The Nicest 
Buffalo Bills Players Celebrated A Snow Day 
Greg Oden Wore A T-Shirt As Sad As His Look 
Stephenson Flops After Slapping Himself In The Face 
Saints Fan Steals Ball, Breaks Bengals Fan's Heart 
Champs Fall to Kings 
WATCH 
REPORT 
Week 11 Fantasy Football Focus Here are the up-to-date top three at each fantasy position for the week, a sleeper likely to have a breakout game (generally chosen as the best $/FP value on daily fantasy sites), a player to avoid (the worst $/FP value) and some injury situations to monitor heading into the week.
Davidson College Moves to a Big-Time Athletic Conference The college community has been told, over and over again, that Davidson College will have raised its national profile. But that profile in national surveys is a rather high one, for the right reasons, when recruiting students.
Mike Trout Really Is The Most VALUABLE Player In All Of Baseball 
This Is What A Perfect Shot On Goal Looks Like 
Patriots Celebrate Twitter Milestone With N-Word 
Report 
Malcolm Gladwell 
NBA Player Tries To Move Forward After Girlfriend's Suicide 
This Hardcore Street Sport That Has Flourished In Chinatowns For Decades 
Are Baseball Writers Discriminating Against Craig Kimbrel? Once again, baseball writers are about to discriminate against a talented player for merely being the best at his position.  If the sport was more about being a meritocracy, we would have a few more votes for Atlanta Braves relief pitcher Craig Kimbrel for the Cy Young Award.
The NFL, MLB and Viagra The incessant airing of Viagra's nauseating British-blonde-on-a-bed commercial during both this October's football games and throughout the baseball playoffs illustrates how tone-deaf the National Football League and Major League Baseball remain when it comes to truly embracing family viewers.
WATCH 
One Of The Most Insane Football Plays You'll Ever See 
Premature Celebration Turns Long TD Pass Into Points For The Other Team 
WATCH 
Guess Who Showed Up At Pittsburgh Steelers' Bible Study? 
WATCH 
Seahawks Mascot Lands On Fan In Stands 
Girl Slammed In Face By Soccer Pro's Missed Shot 
Melo's Hat Game > Knicks' Triangle Offense 
Steve Nash Responds To Injury Critics With Emotional Letter 
44-Year-Old Mom Breaks 'Beer Mile' Record 
Hockey Player Suffers Devastating Hit During Game 
REPORT 
Sacramento Kings Proving to Be Quite Royal If someone told you before the season that the Sacramento Kings were going to shock people with an outstanding record this season, what would you have said? Probably something like, \You're nuts.\
How One Lawyer Could Change Football Forever 
Top 10 NFL Wide Receivers 2014 
REPORT 
More Proof That Nothing Is Going Right For The NY Jets 
PHOTOS 
World Cup Hero Delivers (Another) Must-See Wonder Goal 
Giant Envy from a San Francisco Mets Fan Today I am a Bay Area resident with over 20 years under my belt. I support the local teams. They are two of the most exciting teams in baseball, but they are simply not mine. My heart is still with the Mets. And as hard as I have tried, I just can't quit them. I love them -- they are my team.
State of the United, Manchester United Week 9 Recap Tensions were high ahead of the clash of Manchester United and Chelsea. United manager Louis Van Gaal's hand was forced by injury and suspension to again adopt the 4-1-4-1 used against West Bromwich Albion.
Does TCU Deserve to Be in the College Football Playoff? The TCU Horned Frogs are currently 6-1 and 3-1 in the Big 12 conference. Their only loss of the season came against the Baylor Bears, who at that time was ranked fifth in the AP Poll and they only loss by three points 61-58.
Giants Are World Series Champions! 
Game of the Week Marcus Mariota, quarterback of Oregon, currently ranked fourth in our College Football Power Rankings, is looking to win his first career game over Stanford this Saturday.
Jose Canseco Accidentally Shoots Himself In The Hand 
Hockey Legend Having Trouble Speaking After Stroke 
PHOTO 
This Video Will Show You Just How Slow Baseball Has Become 
Game-Changing Plays From Week 8 in the NFL For the second week in a row Detroit has rallied for a win. The Lions trailed 21-0 at the half and were just six percent likely to win after the first two quarters.
Why the Story of Muhammad Ali's Rebellion Matters Today As we recognize that American sports and culture are not a \post-racial society\ after all, it's important to look back at the '60s, the era where there was perhaps the greatest change in the relationship between African-Americans and White America.
WATCH 
Bumgarner Perfect, Giants One Win Away They have been here before, the Giants are one win away from winning their third World Series in five years.  But the road back to Kansas City won't be easy.
It Is a Shame, It Was a Sham A scathing discovery just revealed that football and basketball athletes attending the much-revered University of North Carolina had received passing grades for courses they never took, primarily because the classes didn't exist.
MLB Player Killed In Car Accident 
'Rocks for Jocks' at UNC Post-secondary education is absolutely critical in today's job market, except if you are among the few elite athletes who can succeed, at least in the short run, without a bachelor's degree.
6 Ugly Facts About The Jets' Latest Debacle 
Giants Offense Cruise Past Royals, Even Series The Giants leadoff batter Blanco was issued a free pass to start the first.  A wild pitch advanced him to second and he stole third.  Royals pitcher Jason Vargas walked Buster Posey putting two on in the corners.
NFL Player's Showboating Makes Him Laughingstock 
Royals Edge Giants For Win, Lead Series 2-1 If the Giants were hoping to win the World Series at home, the Royals had a different plan.  In the best of seven series, Kansas City took a 2-1 lead after edging San Francisco 3-2 for the win tonight.  It was a hard fought game from both teams but the Royals came out on top giving both an offensive and defensive effort from the start.
PGA President Fired Over 'Insensitive' Comments 
Legendary Coach Dresses Up Like Member Of KISS Because Midnight Madness 
Sport and Society for Arete-Does Corruption Matter? Over the past few weeks, college sport has once again taken over the lead in ink and air time; not actually games, of course, but stories that illustrate the corruption of higher education in America by the presence of intercollegiate athletics on campus, or more precisely football on campus.
HIGHLIGHTS 
For A First-Time Marathoner, There's Strength In Numbers Running used to appear on my to-do list somewhere after \read the dictionary\ and before \get a lobotomy.\ Now I'm training for my first marathon -- the 2014 TCS New York City Marathon. Previously, my longest run of all time was somewhere around 3 miles.
Kansas City-Area Waiter Gets World Series Ticket As A Tip 
Selig Counted Money While Baseball Lost the Next Generation of Fans Selig's legacy may be that he lost the next generation of baseball fans. This is Selig's last World Series. Perhaps nothing demonstrates how baseball has turned off young sports fans than how young sports fans have turned off the World Series.
PGA Tour Wives on Parenting The PGA Tour wives have a unique lifestyle that few experience. Particularly when it comes to raising kids, there are uncommon demands placed on the families.
Jay Cutler Wasting an Elite Bears Offense An ominous cloud hung over Chicago's fall chill all week. There was an uneasiness in the pit of Bears fans' stomachs they couldn't shake. Was the offensive explosion last week against the Atlanta Falcons an outlier? After Sunday's horrible 27-14 loss to the Miami Dolphins, the answer is a resounding yes.
Will Anyone Be Watching The World Series? The Kansas City Royals are in the World Series for the first since in nearly three decades, but it still won't save one of the greatest events in sports. This is the harsh reality for Major League Baseball, who routinely used to draw 50-million plus to crown its champion -- like it did in 1985 when the Royals last made it this far -- but will very likely sink below the 20 million mark, where it has stood for a decade.
How Would You Feel If You Were Clayton Kershaw? 
Everyone Got Faked Out On This Punt Return 
6-Year-Old Fighting Cancer Given Chance To See The World Series 
San Francisco Radio Stations Ban Lorde's 'Royals' Until After World Series 
For Battered NFL Wives, A Message From The Cops And The League 
Bears Locker Room Gets 'Ugly' After Another Home Loss 
Why Dave Brandon Won't Be Michigan's Athletic Director Next Year The meltdown at Michigan following back-to-back home losses and the severe mishandling of concussed quarterback Shane Morris left the realm of my \passion\ and entered the world of \profession.\  I may have a love for football, but my career is in communications.
Russian Tennis Czar Insults Williams Sisters 
How to Be Superstar Sports Agent (Part Two) This is a field for the best and brightest, requires superb work ethic and commitment. The emotional and business rewards are well worth making this leap!
Kelly Slater Lands Surfing's First 540, Confirms He's A God 
8-Year-Old Boy With Down Syndrome Goes For The Touchdown 
If NFL Quaterbacks Were On Tinder 
16 Times Floyd Mayweather Jr. Bragged About Having More Money Than You 
Giants Pitcher Downs 6 Beers At A Time 
With Football and Hazing, History Repeats Itself When a school team's hazing customs go unchecked, the bullying will grow more degrading every season. In many instances, each class looks to top its predecessor. Given how widespread hazing is, it cannot be eliminated.
How Two Ivy League Wunderkinds Are Taking On The World's Most Prestigious Sailing Race 
27 Reasons The Royals Are Becoming America's Favorite Team 
Ferguson, the Murder of Michael Brown, and the St. Louis Cardinals Some folks say baseball has nothing to do with race relations in St Louis, but as a native St. Louisan, I beg to differ.
Raiders Fans Welcome Division Rivals With Eggs 
Rodgers' 'Fake Spike' Sets Up Game-Winning Touchdown In Final Seconds 
Wearing of the Pink So far, based on the disclosure on its website, the bottom line appears to be that the NFL has raised about $7 million over 5 years in its breast cancer initiative.   Given the billions in revenues the league and its teams have made in that same period of time, this amount seems paltry.
J.J. Watt Has More Touchdowns Than Some Of The NFL's Biggest Offensive Stars 
5 Small Moves That Paid Off BIG For The Orioles 
This Amazing Goal Defied Physics And The U.S. Goalkeeper 
Living That Fantasy Some stories deserve to be retold; with it breeds new life, purpose and most importantly understanding. It makes the process that much more magical -- an indelible piece of our history, if not in the physical, the mental and emotional.
Are You Ready For Some L.A. Football? In an era when cities are giving huge amounts of money to already wealthy owners (Cobb County is spending $368 million on a new stadium for the Braves), it's extremely refreshing to see a city like L.A. realize they are the ones with leverage.
Sport and Society for Arete-Baseball The playoffs opened September 30 with the Wild Card Game in the American League where the Kansas City Royals showed up as the surprise guest and host. Over and over again came the reminders that the Royals had not been in post-season play since 1985 when they won the World Series.
18 Years Ago, This Pesky Kid Broke Baltimore Orioles Fans Hearts 
Inside The NFL's Megadeals 
Why Doug McDermott Will Not Become the Next Adam Morrison First, he's coming into a much better situation in terms of what team he was drafted to, compared to Morrison joining the expansion Bobcats and becoming the most leaned-on player right away with the highest expectations.
How the Washington Nationals Won Over a Young Atlanta Braves Fan If Major League Baseball wants to keep winning fans back, and promote good sportsmanship, they'll do the little things like this.
St. Louis Cardinals Fans Have A Seriously Racist Response To Ferguson Protesters 
Adrian Peterson Defends Himself Against Damning Report 
Royals Fans Fulfill Promise On Sign 
Tony Romo Pulls Off Incredible Escape And Throws Long TD 
Michael Phelps Seeking Treatment 
Sandy Koufax Chose His Faith Over The World Series And Still Won It All 
WWE-Style Fight Erupts In Locker Room -- All In Good Fun 
Here Is Some Fatherly Advice, From Muhammad Ali 
18 Ways You Can Tell You've Become A Nationals Fan 
Sumo On The Rise In The US 
You Can't Study College Coaches Without Looking at the Players According to an unpublished study by two University of Vanderbilt researchers, college coaches are worth the money because of the revenue these coaches bring to the university. The study reaches this conclusion by comparing the salaries paid to college football coaches to the salaries paid to CEOs of public companies.
Brazilian Goalie Scores Own Goal In The Flukiest Way Possible 
WATCH 
Phil Mickelson Criticizes U.S. Captain After Ryder Cup Loss 
Ohio State Coach Body Slams Fan Who Ran On Field 
Steve Smith Gets Revenge On Former Team 
WATCH 
'SNL' Tackles NFL With 'Honest' Player Introductions 
Saying Goodbye (?) to Ichiro Suzuki I've been watching baseball pretty avidly since I was 8 (more than 35 years now, horrifying as that is to type).  And while Ichiro may not have been the best player I've ever seen (he rarely walked or hit with power), I think he's been my favorite player to watch.
Overpaid MLB Players Prove LeBron James' Is A Bargain 
Aspiring Female MMA Fighter Takes Drastic Measures To Make Weight 
Middle School's 'Ugly Kardashian' Trick Play Works Beautifully 
WATCH 
Russell Wilson Dances With A Really Cute Pup. Awwww 
I Went to My First Major League Game 50 Years Ago -- And All Hell Broke Loose I was 6 years old when I went to my first Major League game on October 2, 1964. The Philadelphia Phillies beat the Cincinnati Reds, 4-3, at Crosley Field in Cincinnati, Ohio.
LIVE 
Urgent Action Needed on Concussions Amidst the unrelenting furor surrounding the NFL and domestic violence the past three weeks, a critically important story concerning football, and all collision sports slipped by virtually unnoticed.
WATCH 
A-Sides If you're a Boston Red Sox or New York Mets fan (or another who's been on the receiving end of one of his clutch hits or into-the-stands or leaping-catch play), you've probably been waiting for this day for quite some time
Sacking Another Myth The myth has been repeated by nearly everyone that the owners won't fire Goodell because he has done an outstanding job and brought all NFL teams a tremendous increase in financial value. The truth is quite different, and the only thing overvalued is Goodell himself.
Meet The Iraqi Refugee-Turned-UFC Fighter 
Tennis Star Forgot Her Massive Check At U.S. Open 
My Three Days Without Football Well, I did it.  A whole weekend -- plus Monday night -- without football.  No Sunday NFL, no Saturday college (non-pro) football, no Monday night football.  None. Zero. Nada.   And here I am to tell the tale.
Report 
A Lesson In What NOT To Do After A Round Of Golf 
MLB's Tribute To Derek Jeter Is Second To None 
Ignorance with a Charming Smile A few months ago I wrote a post critical of former NFL coach Tony Dungy's campaign to eliminate marriage equality and to prevent gay couples from adopting children.
John Oliver Skewers NFL Commish For Losing 'Moral High Ground' To TMZ 
Ray Lewis On Rice Abuse 
Game-Changing Plays From Week 3 in the NFL Seattle blew a 17-3 fourth quarter lead and were 99.9 percent likely to win after Steven Hauschka kicked a 28-yard field goal to give the Hawks a 20-12 lead with 1:04 left to play.
Former NFL Kicker Dies In Car Wreck 
IOC President's Call for Transparency Challenges Middle Eastern/Asian Political Dominance of Soccer Taken at face value, a rare acknowledgment by International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach that sports and politics are inextricably intertwined should be a first step towards radical reform that offers a proper structure to govern the relationship.
WATCH 
Huh? Jameis Winston Puts On Pads, Helmet Despite Being Suspended 
NFL Player Injured Himself While Celebrating 
Sport and Society for Arete-Goodell's Press Conference Roger Goodell continued to play the role of Pete Rozelle, as envisioned by Roger Goodell. The arrogance was there, but the credibility was missing. The assertions of rectitude were repeated ad nauseam and they fell on deaf ears.
REPORT 
Will Someone Please Give Robert Kraft A High-Five? 
REPORT 
'Women > Winning' Is A Sign Of Change In College Football 
ESPN's Sam Ponder 
NFL Fumbles The NFL is a huge business, but with its success comes great responsibility.  Yet the owners and commissioner of the NFL have been more committed to protecting their business than in getting out ahead on several key social issues that have faced the league.  Where is the leadership?
WATCH 
Kyrie Irving 
The Violence Spills Off the Field The NFL has not even begun to systematically examine holistically whether the on-field behaviors they champion translate into off-field recklessness. If NFL leadership fails to make that connection and render changes to the sport's culture of violence, then the banner of flag football may get the call to save the league even sooner than I once predicted.
WATCH 
NFL Arrogance Has Temporarily Made Rice a Standard-Bearer Against Injustice It is arrogance rooted in a linear focus for success that can render one blind to other variables.  Hardly a new phenomenon, arrogance can infiltrate all aspects of the human condition, regardless of size or mission.
Osteochondral Ankle Surgery What started as a sprained ankle back in April for Texas Ranger Shin-Soo Choo, has now progressed into surgery to repair/remove \torn ankle cartilage.\
What I Learned from Baseball (Again, This Year) Baseball is America's homegrown version of Zen Buddhism. Good day? Fine, but don't get cocky. Lousy day? Fine, too, but do better tomorrow. You win some, you lose some; some get rained out. All fine.
No Dogs or Women Allowed Barreling headlong into the 20th Century, the Royal and Ancient Golf Club in St. Andrews, Scotland, votes September 18 on whether to admit women. It's the same day Scots go to the polls to vote on whether to secede from Britain.
The True Meaning of the Ray Rice Scandal Ray Rice did damage. His actions were completely unacceptable. But like Ray Rice, I've done damage. My behavior, a few times in my life, has been completely unacceptable. And the same goes for you and the many people who've jumped on the bandwagon of judgment.
The Cost of Arrogance Athletes are a special case in our society, because their gifts are recognized so young, and they are rewarded for those gifts so young that they can easily get wrapped in a cloak of entitlement.
Giants Unravel, Dodgers Even The Series It was a rough night if your name is Tim.  The Dodgers returned the favor after begin shutout last night.  Tim Hudson gave up four runs in the first while both he and Tim Lincecum allowed four more hits in the second.
'Goodell Must Go' Banners Flying Over NFL Stadiums 
AP Tweets About 'Habitual Judging' After Child Abuse Indictment 
Inside The NFL's FBI 
'What Exactly Does The NFL Stand For?' 
Roger Goodell Cancels Appearance At 49ers Game 
RG3 Suffers Another Injury 
The Kirk Cousins Era May Finally Be Here After Another RG3 Injury 
FLASHBACK 
Rediscovering the NFL's True North It's time for all of us all to act, and to demand much more from those in positions of leadership in the NFL.  I also hope that President Obama and Members of Congress voice their views, not to score political blood-score points, but as human beings who are fathers and mothers, who want America to be a place where their daughters don't live in fear.
Ray Rice and Friends Violence, on and off the field...
Former 'Redskins' Player Criticizes Name 
Boston College Honors 9/11 Hero With 'Red Bandana' Uniform Tribute 
Giancarlo Stanton Hit In The Face By Fastball 
WATCH 
REPORT 
Hmmm... The NFL's 'Independent' Investigator To Be 'Overseen' By Two Team Owners 
Cousins Looked Ready To Throw Down In FIBA World Cup Game 
Caruana's Spectacular Chess Leap The Sinquefield Cup in Saint Louis was promised to be extraordinary this year
Sunday Night Football Until Peyton Manning hangs them up, he and Andrew Luck will play against each other at least once a season. That once is Sunday night.
Janay Rice Releases Heartbreaking Statement 
Ray Rice Isn't the Only Monster in the NFL It seems that we can only count on the National Football League and it's teams to do the right thing when there are no more lies to hide behind. The money they make and the appearances that they try so hard to keep up are their main focus.
3D Photos The Seattle Seahawks kicked off the 2014 season against the Green Bay Packers. I shot the game with the Lytro light-field camera. Lytro pictures are interactive photos built for the web. The camera incorporates a new technology known as light-field photography.
Horrific Footage Of Ray Rice Punching Fianc\u00e9e Leaks 
UFC Unveils Strawweight Championship Tournament Twenty-one years after the the Ultimate Fighting Championship broadcast its first open-weight competition in 1993, the world's largest MMA promotion is returning to its roots with a single-elimination tournament to crown its initial women's 115-pound title holder.
Adventures of a Cranky Gambler The NFL season is finally here. Are you ready? I know I am. I'll confess to all of you nice people on the internet (just between us), that I have a bit of a football addiction. Some might even call it a gambling addiction.
3 NHL Sleeper Teams That Just May Wake Up This Season With the NHL Season Opener just over a month away, hockey fans everywhere are gearing up and placing their expectations.
This NFL Fan Map Breaks Down America's Real Rooting Interests 
Steelers Star Delivers Violent Kick To Punter's Face 
Sport and Society for Arete Roger Goodell is the commissioner of the most popular professional sports league in the United States. This week he demonstrated just how much he learned at the feet of his predecessors, Paul Tagliabue and especially Pete Rozelle.
REMINDER 
A Change in the Seasons The NFL returns with a full schedule of games that actually count in the standings. While those with favorite clubs still in contention for baseball's post-season linger on in their affection for the leisurely game of summer, most of us are ready to turn the page. Are you ready for some football?
WATCH 
Only Mother Nature Could Stop Alabama 
Martina Navratilova Proposes To Girlfriend At U.S. Open 
NFL Champs Open Season With Anthem Fail 
By Limiting Inclusion, NFL Loses On Diversity The NFL should recognize that the degrees of separation between overt bigotry and unconscious biases may be few, and the effects equally harmful. If a team failed to draft Sam based on his sexual orientation, the team discriminated against him and should consider the rightness of its actions.
READY OR NOT 
Cheerleaders Win $1.25 Million From Raiders In Wage Theft Lawsuit 
Watch Out NFL, The Packers Have A Hulk 
Report 
Why Athletes Need to Exercise Their Influence From my perspective as an agent, I really do not see a downside to an athlete embracing this cause. I would gladly work for an openly gay player or a player who speaks up in support of the LGBT community.
TV Station 
The Cincinnati Bengals Did Something Amazing For A Player They Cut 
Fan At Dodger Stadium Gets Really Comfortable 
A's Manager Calls His Reeling Team 'Pathetic' 
You Have to Spend Money to Make Money and the Leafs Have Money Following the trend of \Moneypuck\ - how can the Leafs spend more money, to see the highest ROI?  The cap is the cap - you can't change that.  So where else can they invest in?
Surfing Legend Proves He Might Just Be Superman 
School Retires Controversial 'Arab' Mascot 
Russell Wilson Got Some Advice From Michael Jordan 
Never Play This NBA Rookie In H-O-R-S-E 
Concrete Wall 1, Eastern Michigan 0 
CUT 
College Football Season Just Started And There Has Already Been A Groin Punch 
Jake 'The Snake' Roberts In Intensive Care After Collapse 
WATCH 
One Last Curtain Call For Landon Donovan 
WATCH 
Jon Stewart Tackles Michael Sam Showergate 
Jeter's Nephew Knows Exactly What To Do 
Make the Right Calls on Baseball Reform MLB has an obligation to see that the right call is made and made quickly. New use of technology and the introduction of some new common-sense rules will result in faster play, fairer calls, happier fans and bigger gates.
Athletes Take a Stand for Mike Brown These critiques of athletes are not new. They have been articulated for years, in barbershops, bars, social media, various articles and blogs, by the everyday fan to the most celebrated scholars. But many still are misguided and inaccurate.
Nobody Can Fill This Baseball Manager's Shoes When It Comes To Freaking Out 
5 Teams Not In Power 5 Conferences That Could Crash The College Football Playoff 
5 Reasons Jameis Winston Could Become The Second-Ever Repeat Heisman Champion 
Tennis World Would Benefit from a Federer Victory in New York With the U.S. Open set to begin Monday, it opens yet another chapter in one of the most compelling storylines of the tennis summer. That is, of course, the resurgence of Roger Federer to place himself once again among the top contenders in the sport.
Shunning the Washington Nothings Until the time comes when the NFL, or the sponsors, or others in positions of power convince or coerce Mr. Snyder into changing the team's nickname, we are left with the moral power of shunning.
10 NFL Players Closing In On Big New Contracts 
WATCH 
Gray Leads A's to Win Over Angels It's been awhile since these two teams have faced each other.  Now it's a battle for first place and while the A's have held the position for half the season, the Angels now own it but in this much anticipated series will determine the better of the two teams.
Cubs Epic Tarp Fail Caused By ... Obamacare? 
These 6 Inspirational Athletes Show Us How To Beat The Odds 
The Little League World Series Is Everything That Is Right About Sports 
Here Are Five Heisman Hopefuls Not Named Jameis Winston 
Serena Williams Aces 'Diamonds Are A Girl's Best Friend' Karaoke 
Angels Win Comes With A Huge Cost 
Former NFL Linebacker Announces He Has ALS 
Which NFL Teams Will Be Huge Disappointments? 
NFL Players Pay Tribute To Michael Brown 
Rory And Tiger Stop By 'The Tonight Show' 
GIF 
Little League World Series Coach Perfectly Explains Why It's OK To Lose 
The 5 Types of Fans You See at Every Baseball Game We're approaching the end of August, and, like every year, that means the MLB season is starting to get interesting. Teams are jostling in the standings for playoff positions, and both the drama, and calibre of baseball is starting to increase.
Et Tu, Media? Whenever we can, we take people to task for being vile. We. We, the consuming public.  We have a voice.
Derek Jeter Cornfield Maze Will Stalk Your Dreams 
WATCH 
Rockies Player Hits For His Second Career Cycle 
WATCH 
Meet The Most Expensive XI In World Soccer 
Fan On The Field Takes Free Kick For Tottenham 
China Wins Gold at Chess Olympiad in Norway The young Chinese team won the 41st Chess Olympiad in Troms\u00f8, Norway. They became the only undefeated team among 176 participating countries, winning eight matches and tying three, scoring 19 points.
Saints Star Does Not Care About NFL's New Rule Right Now 
Something Landed In Soccer Player's Mouth 
Fox Sports 1's New Football Ad Is Sexist, Stupid and Popular 
Olympian Dremiel Byers Caught Hunting Deer With Bow And Arrow At Lexus Dealership 
NFL's Rookie Head Coaches Bring Hope, But Face Uphill Battle Toward Success 
Become a Millionaire, Start Skateboarding Skateboarding isn't a new phenomena but thanks in large part to SLS, it's becoming much more lucrative. There are four events on the 2014 SLS tour, and each one pays at least $100,000 in 1st place prize money, with the total series purse exceeding $1 million.
Should the Red Wings Sign Daniel Alfredsson? Much to the disappointment of his grand plan - Alfie didn't win a cup by signing with the Red Wings in July 2013 for one year.  He did record a respectable season, with 18 goals, and 49 points in only 68 games.
WATCH 
Athletes Everywhere Take The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge 
Meet The Girl Reshaping Little League, One 70 MPH Fastball At A Time 
The Live Wire Outside of Nadal, every member of the Big 4 rolled into Toronto for the Rogers Cup at the start of this week, and every single one fell to Tsonga.
College Sports College Sports
O'Bannon's Slam Dunk The world of college athletics was changed this week by the decision of a federal district court judge in California who ruled that the NCAA violates the nation's antitrust laws when it prohibits college athletes from marketing their names and likenesses.
LIVE 
Can a Rookie Get Lucky? The A's have finally figured out how to win games.  Collectively the offense has improved as well as the defense.
WATCH 
Bryce Harper Knows How To Troll 
LIVE 
REPORT 
NBA How does the Cavs' ascension affect the rest of the league?
Dan Snyder Invents His Own Definition For 'Redskin' 
J.B. Mauney's Bushwacker Bails World Champion The old saying, \Let 'em eat cake,\ was a better reward for the great Bushwacker who scored an astounding win last night against his rival J.B Mauney.
International Intrigue and the NBA Indiana's Paul George had yet to be wheeled into the operating room, and the naysayers and sports pundits were speculating as to the response of the Pacers' Larry Bird and his fellow NBA front office cohorts.
WATCH 
Athletes Should Lead Fight Against Domestic Violence Athletes have a unique role to play in triggering attitudinal change regarding violence against women. When they are instigators of this behavior, it sends a message that it is somehow acceptable because our heroes are involved.
WATCH 
Extremists Banned From UK Linked To Qatar World Cup Bid 
The Biggest Anti-Heroes In Sports 
Star Pitcher Uses Full-Page Ad To Thanks Red Sox Fans 
'Just Remember 
T-Wolves Owner Sets Timetable For Kevin Love Trade 
18 Fantasy Football Busts 
NBA Players #PrayForPaulGeorge After Horrific Injury 
Paul George 
MLB Trade Deadline Winners And Losers 
Paul George Suffers Gruesome Injury (GRAPHIC IMAGE) 
WATCH 
Breaking Down the Biggest Trades on Deadline Day Well, whatever we thought was plaguing front offices to make them so boring is apparently gone, because we got a whole lot of big time trades yesterday.
Star Golfer Takes Leave Of Absence To 'Seek Professional Help' 
Drew Brees Goes Skeet Shooting With Footballs And Frisbees 
Arian Foster 
A's Star Had Hilarious Response To Huge Trade 
NBA Sets a Moral Compass the NFL Can't Follow Like Lebron James, the NBA appears dedicated to setting a proper example. Like Johnny Football, the NFL has continually skirted responsibility for its actions and realities.
WATCH 
ESPN Host Apologizes For 'The Most Egregious Error Of My Career' 
Phillies Slugger Scores Without Touching Home Plate 
LeBron Announces Another Decision 
LOOK 
Girl Sensation Returns To Football; SEE Her Get Ready 
WATCH 
Kershaw, Dodgers Shutout Giants Ryan Vogelsong got off to a great start.  He retired the first nine batters he faced but unraveled in the fourth.  Again he got no run support as the Giants got shutout 5-0 by the Dodgers.
MLB Pitcher Comes Up With Ultimate Response To Heckler 
MLB Team Misspells All-Star's Name On Giveaway Jerseys 
Baseball Players Get To Have All Of The Fun 
WATCH 
LOOK 
Nicklaus Dishes On Rory's 'Swagger' And Tiger's Ryder Chances 
Neurologists 
This Tour De France Cyclist Has The Most Insane Legs Ever 
Want to Move like a CrossFit Champion? Coach Carl Paoli Says You Need to Get Back to Basics While only two competitors can be named \The Fittest on Earth,\ elite CrossFit coach Carl Paoli wants you to know that everyone -- yes, even you -- can move and feel like a champion CrossFitter.
Another Call to Rewrite Baseball's Record Books You hear a number of sports pundits clamoring about throwing out the records of those who have used performance enhancing drugs. But really, everyone knows how impractical that would be.
LeBron Asks For Forgiveness With Cupcakes 
CBF Appoints Carlos Dunga Coach Of Brazil National Team To Succeed Luiz Felipe Scolari The Confederation of Brazilian Football (CBF) today confirmed its selection of Carlos Dunga as coach of the Brazilian national team. Dunga succeeds Luiz Felipe Scolari, who resigned after Brazil's disappointing performance at the World Cup.
Newest Yankees Has Walk-Off Welcome To The Bronx 
Arsenal Players Try To Speak With New York Accents For American Tour 
Beast Mode Travels In Style 
Saratoga In American horse racing, the middle of July heralds the opening of the Saratoga Race Meet in Saratoga Springs, upstate New York.
Extreme Sport that Requires Athletes to Risk Their Lives Big wave surfing is no joke, those who do it risk their lives on waves that are over 60 feet high and weigh as much as 400 tons.
Notre Dame, Georgia Lead Nation in Most Expensive College Football Tickets on Secondary Market ith the market starting to take shape for college football tickets, TiqIQ released the Top 25 most expensive average prices for the 2014 season. Eight schools from the SEC are in the Top 25, the most of any conference.
Winning While Losing Shortly after the final was over on July 7, 1974, I took the train from Amsterdam to the German town of Solingen where I was scheduled to play an important international chess tournament.
LIVE 
MLB Pitcher Comes Up With Bizarre Complaint 
Honoring Rachel Robinson, Baseball Pioneer and Civil Rights Activist On Sunday, Rachel Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Reliquary's Shrine of the Eternals. As Jackie's partner, and as the person who has kept alive Jackie's legacy, Rachel has had a significance influence in her own right.
BIG Win For The McIlroy Family 
WATCH 
LeBron Is Mr. Popular 
Mike Trout Leads Angels' Resurgence Don't look now, but baseball's hottest team is the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, who entered the All-Star break with a 57-37 record, 1 1/2 games behind the first place Oakland Athletics in the American League West.
Here's Why You Can Call Him 'K-Mac' Now 
Federer & Vonn's Swiss Alps Showdown 
WATCH 
LeBron Needs Your Help For His Next Decision 
Majors Now Own Tiger 
LIVE 
WATCH 
WATCH 
The World Cup and Baseball This is, of course, a false contrast as baseball is popular in much East Asia, the Caribbean and increasingly in a few other countries besides the US. Soccer, while the world's most popular sport has failed to catch on in many parts of South Asia and is one of several popular sports in Australia, parts of East Asia and North America.
This Is The Soccer-Themed 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' Parody We Deserve 
Former NFL Player To Sue Minnesota Vikings Over Investigation Into Anti-Gay Allegations 
The Best Teams In Sports... 5 Years From Now 
The World Cup Winners Selfie Is The Best Ever 
'Don't Cry for Us, Argentina' as Powerhouse Germany Is First European Team to Win World Cup in the Americas Germany earned its 4th World Cup title but first in 24 years -- titles just don't come easy. In the process, Germany saved more salt being rubbed into Brazil's still fresh wounds.
Linsanity Arrives in Los Angeles His time in Los Angeles will influence Asian Americans, particularly male youth, in countless ways (not to mention those jersey sales.) All eyes will be on the California native, to see what he'll do for Los Angeles.
Sam Schmidt My connection with Sam Schmidt is personal. Twelve years ago he allowed me to live out a boyhood dream of averaging a 200-mph lap in an Indy car, a risky proposition even for pro drivers. I was just an adventure journalist.
LeBron James Transcends Superstar Athletic Profile The decision of LeBron James to return to Cleveland to finish his NBA career and his eloquent rationale will elevate him to the pantheon of American heroes. This strikes a dramatic blow to the \money is everything\ mentality that has permeated sports.
Can You Engineer Team Chemistry? I like LeBron's choice this time for many of the same reasons you might like it, but I have another very good reason for liking it. James, perhaps unwittingly, has gotten out of the engineering business.
LIVE 
LeBron Got Video Of The World Cup Final Pitch Invader 
Carmelo's Decision The nation has largely decided to paint Carmelo Anthony, an easy target already, as a villain because we've been unable to paint LeBron James as one.
Melo Is Staying In New York 
With The World Watching, Titans Take To The Pitch 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Germany Wins World Cup 
WATCH 
Yes, Even The 'Blind' Can Score Against Brazil At This Point 
LeBron James Going Home Gives Cleveland New Hope It's the kid from Akron's turn to help his hometown out. This will be fun to watch for the next few years as we again watch LeBron transition into another point in his life.
Why LeBron Wanted to Go Home There was shock and surprise as Twitter blew up around 12:30 p.m. EDT on Friday as LeBron James announced his much-awaited decision via Sports Illustrated \I'm Coming Home.\  I was not surprised at all. I totally understood. Where you grew up is part of your soul.
The Prodigal Son This is and isn't about LeBron James returning to the Cleveland Cavaliers. This is about a man growing up and breaking free. To understand the magnitude of LeBron's decision, we need to examine the Decision.
The 11 Primal Reasons You Love Lebron James Now The big problem is that Lebron made choices in 2010 that ignited the anger on both sides. Those who worshipped him felt betrayed. Those who were jealous of him were proved to be right. Everyone got to hate him. And that felt good for a while.
Revisiting The Infamous 1998 Yankees-Orioles Brawl In 31 GIFs 
MLB's Fastest Player Pulls Off Acrobatic Move 
Sport and Society for Arete -- The World Cup I am not a fan of The Beautiful Game, although I do watch and appreciate its beauty especially when it is displayed by the likes of Lionel Messi. Soccer, as with all games, when played with skill and competence is a beautiful game.
LeBron James Love him or hate him, LeBron James's announcement transcends the world of sports.  And, when looking at his life and career, it is hard not to think of him as the NBA's version of Batman.
Netherlands Claim 3rd Place At World Cup 
Beijing, Brazil, 7-1 While in my heart I empathized with the feelings of the people from Brazil, a country I love and whose soccer I admire, I also felt joy in seeing the fruits of the Klinsmann/Low revolution in German soccer. The soccer they play today is a complete departure from the soccer German teams played prior to 2010 or 2006.
ESPN Reporter Confirms LeBron's Own Announcement 
Just Like That, The Cavs Are Favorites To Win The NBA Title 
Miami Or Cleveland? How About Neither? 
WATCH 
Return Of The King After the way they've acted in recent years, LeBron James might want to take a pass on coming back to Cleveland. However, it seems that LeBron has shown more maturity than the people who cursed his name four years ago.
Is Johnny Manziel Tempting Fate? A whole industry has developed which has nonstop reporting of arrests, domestic problems, money issues, and alcohol and drug abuse by these stars. This requires the athlete to be extra scrupulous in where and how he is seen in public. Venues like Las Vegas can be especially challenging.
The Most Dangerous Sport in the World The ever-present danger is what makes BASE jumpers the most extreme athletes in the world. Many people call them daredevils; most people call them crazy. They know there's a good chance they'll die, but that's what makes them feel alive.
Soccer's Most Memorable Moments Have Never Looked So Snazzy 
Where Will LeBron Land? 
Brazil Falls to Germany on the Global Stage Clearly, the weight of national expectation had been too great for Brazil's players to bear without the presence on the field of their two leaders to inspire them and hold them together.
Has Melo Made Up His Mind? 
No World Cup Team Banned From Having Sex Will Leave Brazil Happy 
Derek Jeter Fakes Out Opponent To Start Double Play 
12 Photos Of Brazil Having One Big National Sad 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Fantasy Football Channel Coming To A TV Near You 
Kiss FAIL 
10 Things You May Not Know About the Donald Sterling Debacle 
Love, Faith, and the New York Rangers I should not have been thinking about hockey at my dear friend's father's funeral. However, on May 4, 2014, at age 44, I publicly declared myself a New York Rangers fan, and today, I still can't remember what else I used to think about.
Orioles Manager Fires Back After Pitcher's Controversial Comments 
The Selfie Goal Celebration Was Bound To Happen 
Win at All Costs May Now Trump Beautiful Football but All Eyes on James, Neymar, Messi and Robben to Ignite 
How the Giants Collapsed With the season only half over, the Giants still could end up with a playoff spot, but if they continue their losing ways for another week or two, even that will be unlikely.
Elaine Dance Contest Is Almost As Hilariously, Painfully Awkward As 'Seinfeld' Episode 
Why Soccer Matters, And Why Your Opinion About It Doesn't For those of you who feel compelled to air your rather dated and utterly predictable anti-soccer sentiments during this World Cup, may I take a moment to remind you of a few salient points...
The Tour of What? (France, Bits of UK, Bits of Belgium, Oh And Let's Throw in Bits of Spain) Allez les bleus! Ooops, no sorry, that's for football (what some call soccer, whatever). Saturday, July 5 saw the departure of the three-week long Tour de France starting in... Leeds, Yorkshire in the north east of England, don't ask.
LOOK 
LIVE 
Fire Klinsmann. Hire Donovan. Let's step back and do a reality check for a moment, shall we? We like to think we are good at that here in America. So, here's the mea culpa about the U.S. performance at the FIFA 2014 World Cup.
Argentina Back To World Cup Semifinals 
What Happened When A Fan Tried To Hug Tim Howard 
LIVE 
Netherlands Survive Penalty Shootout 
WATCH 
Brazil's Passion Trumped Logic -- And That's a Good Thing t's hard to think that Russia, or Qatar, or frankly anywhere could match that atmosphere.
LIVE 
Germany Sends France Out Of World Cup 
LIVE 
Brazil Overcomes World Cup Phenom 
The Cup Overfloweth Most level-headed folks know that Ann Coulter is constantly baiting her readership, and it is very possible that her remarks about soccer were meant as satirical commentary. But it did cause me to wonder why more Americans seem drawn to soccer these days.
Even Just to Celebrate Our Differences To many of my friends in the U.S., sports often entail beer on a Sunday night. To some in Africa, it might mean making and playing with a football made from plastic bags. But this is exactly how sports unite by highlighting commonality among those who are otherwise very different.
Sure, World Cup Soccer Players Are Hot, But What Happens When You Add Puppies And Kids? This. Because there's more to these attractive men than their good looks. But... also their good looks.
Here's What Everyone Who Doesn't Care About Soccer Is Thinking During The World Cup 
You Could Go Clubbing To This NHL Montage 
11 Reasons the Redskins Should Become the Washington Americans 
World Cup 2014 The last time the United States played Belgium was in a friendly match last year when Belgium beat the U.S. 4-2. Since then, Team USA has come a long way.
LIVE 
Alex Morgan Talks World Cup, Wedding Planning, And Yoga On The Road 
Costa Rica's World Cup Dream Survives Penalty Shootout 
This 'Giolazo' Really Gave Mexico's Coach Something To Celebrate 
WATCH 
MLB Broadcaster Caught A Home Run... Then Threw It Back 
NBA Power Play Fails 
The Netherlands Stun Mexico With Late Goals 
LIVE 
LIVE 
Watch The Brazil-Chile Entire Penalty Shootout 
'We're Going To Be Here Until The Very End' 
Conservative Rage at Soccer and World Cup Is Nothing New Coulter buttresses her warning that the growing interest in soccer is a sign of our nation's moral decay with the facts that soccer \is foreign... the French like it,\ it is \like the metric system\ and, worst of all, \You can't use your hands in soccer.\
Ref Smashes Hulk's Goal 
USA Fan Gets Tim Howard's Face Shaved Into His Head Because #1N1T 
Follow live 
Build Your Own World Cup All-Star Team 
This World Cup Wonder Goal Needs To Be Seen Again And Again 
HIGHLIGHTS 
World Cup 2014 Group Stage Review The World Cup group stage passes again with it usual splendor, perennial giants seemingly collapsed, new chosen ones in their place, the stereotypical upsets, referee gaffes, miscellaneous action, and repeated history.
Pence, McCovey Supports the Junior Giants 
World Cup Broadcasts Pricing by Qatari entities holding World Cup rights for the Middle East and North Africa, including Al Jazeera's belN Sports channel, puts broadcasts beyond the reach of many football fans in the region.
Suarez's Bite Felt Strongest in Uruguay The reactions this has solicited may seem absurd to anyone outside Uruguay, and several people have asked me
The Most Hilarious Sports Vines Of 2014 (So Far) 
It's Official 
Belgium Earns Shot At U.S.A. 
Algeria Makes World Cup History 
LIVE 
Will Ferrell Is Really Pumped About The USA-Germany Game 
Ronaldo Is America's Unlikely Hero 
France, Switzerland Moving On 
Another No-No For The Freak 
Everything You Need To Know About One Of Soccer's Most Confusing Rules 
This Is What A Perfect Free Kick Looks Like 
F\u00fatbol vs. Football 
Steve Nash 
All-Girls Team Shows 'Em How It's Done 
Huge Fight Broke Out In Stands At World Cup Match 
This Is The Most Annoying Sound You Won't Hear During World Cup 
FIFA Under Fire For Allegedly Giving Bonuses To Top Execs 
They Said WHAT On The Air? 
This Former Duke Star Has High Hopes For An NBA Career 
Netherlands Wins World Cup Group 
World Cup Boosts Iran's Image and Highlights Political Sports Battles The Iranian team's performance so far with its 0:0 draw against Nigeria in its first World Cup match in which it was not defeated in its first tournament game as well as the encounter with Argentina, has spared Mr. Rouhani and his government being blamed for another failure.
WATCH 
Dog Celebrates Portugal's Tying Goal Like A Winner 
WATCH 
Why Ronaldo's Racing Stripes Have Everyone Talking 
Algeria Pile Up Goals For Milestone World Cup Win 
WATCH 
Follow Live 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Controversial Call Has Major World Cup Consequences 
WATCH 
LIVE 
Follow Live 
Padres Reliever Makes History With Special Hat 
LIVE 
Report 
WATCH 
The Shocks Keep Reverberating This Glorious World Cup in Brazil This great World Cup 2014 of shocks and beautiful, counterattacking football continued on, in its three Friday games, with even more treats being offered up this weekend -- Germany vs Ghana on June 21, Belgium vs Russia, and Dempsey's USA vs Ronaldo's Portugal on June 22.
Will the World Cup Boost US Soccer Popularity? Will the excitement over the first round victory by the U.S. and its continued success be a game-changer for the future of the MLS?
LIVE 
LIVE 
Soccer Superstar Arrested For Domestic Violence 
LIVE 
WATCH 
Germany Can't Handle Ghana In World Cup Thriller 
Your Guide To Which Teams Are Having Sex At The World Cup 
The Better Side of Bettman NHL commissioner Gary Bettman is a controversial figure in many circles. That includes not only among fans and segments of the media, but also among some on the playing and officiating sides of the game.
LIVE 
This Tattoo Proves Lions Fans Never Give Up Hope (And Are Entirely Delusional) 
The 'I' in Team You can win a championship but still not be a great team.  You can have many great players and not win a championship. That's because the whole is less than the sum of its parts.
MLB Hall of Famer Dies At 54 
LIVE 
WATCH 
'These Are My Brothers' 
Landon Donovan Proves He's A Seriously Good Sport After World Cup Snub 
Meet The World Cup's First Breakout Star 
WATCH 
WATCH 
LIVE 
LIVE:Switzerland vs. Ecuador 
WATCH 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Messi Leads Argentina To World Cup Win 
France Takes First Step Toward World Cup Redemption 
LIVE 
Did World Cup's Goal-Line Technology Get It Right? 
WATCH 
REPORTS 
Michael Sam Signs Historic NFL Contract 
Colombia vs. Greece 
Follow Live 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Kings Win The Stanley Cup 
Here's How To Watch The 2014 World Cup Online 
This Video Explains Why Absolutely Nothing Is Getting Done At Work For The Next Month 
LIVE 
UH OH! Golfers Hit Wrong Balls At U.S. Open 
LIVE 
Defending World Cup Champions Demolished 
U.S. Soccer's No-Win Scenario How can you expect us to get on board with the USMNT when the coach doesn't even believe in them? If I had a chance to counsel Klinsmann on public relations for his team, I could limit it to three words
Heat After Anthony In Free Agency 
LIVE UPDATES 
LOOK 
Top 5 Reasons to Watch the 2014 World Cup The world is watching to see if Brazil can win the World Cup on their home turf. There are many reasons to watch this sporting event but here are a few.
HuffPost's World Cup Dashboard 
Giants Have No Answer For The Nats 
More Than Friends Even with his on-court play diminished due to age, OKC signed Fisher for the exact same reason KD admired him
Is There More to Life Than Soccer? \Transformar o Jogo Bonito em Vida Bonita\ 
Wade Proves To Be Better Flopper Than Ginobili 
Record Revenue, Undervalued Employees The news that the Pac-12 Conference jumped to the head of the class in 2012-13, earning $330 million in record revenue comes as no surprise. Welcome to the new college sports business model.
Horse Racing Tested by the Test of the Champion Over the years as my naivet\u00e9 diminished, I gradually became aware of the realities of the sport and the way its heroes are abused and mistreated for our pleasure.
Clint Dempsey Talks World Cup, Jurgen Klinsmann And The Pressures Facing Team USA 
New York vs. Los Angeles, Round 11 
Miguel Cotto Crushes Sergio Martinez To Win The Middleweight Title A few hours before Miguel Cotto challenged Sergio Martinez for the middleweight championship, Ray \Boom Boom\ Mancini told me, \Everyone thinks the way to beat a southpaw is with the straight right down the middle, but it's really the left hook.\
WATCH 
WATCH 
Chrome Co-Owner Slams Belmont Winner 
Cain Returns in Giants Win It was a pitcher's duel through the first four frames. Matt Cain returned to the mound after his second stint on the disable list this season. Cain was probably the best he's been all season, he retired the first twelve batters he faced and held the New York Mets scoreless through five innings.
UNC Player Speaks Out 10 Years Later 
The Triple Crown Drought Continues 
11 Gifts For Sports Loving Fathers, According To Real Dads 
Dee Gordon, Billy Hamilton And Angel Pagan It is, of course, not fair to blame the Dodgers' and Reds' shortcomings entirely on their leadoff hitters, but it is also unfair to overlook the player who has been the leadoff hitter on the team with the best record in the National League thus far.
Breaking Down Colin Kaepernick's Contract Extension 
One Soccer Ball, Eight Minutes Of Madness That Don't Look Real 
After One Too Many Fouls, the World Cup Deserves a Red Card Just a few days away from the largest sporting festival in the world, the stories coming out of Brazil are not so festive. The handwringing reflects less on Brazil, but on whether the world even needs a World Cup anymore.
7 Things That Prove It's Been A Loooooong Wait For A Triple Crown Winner 
World Cup Preview He was once compared to Brazilian striker Adriano, and fans will be hoping that his similar traits -- great strength and a rocket of a shot -- can blast Ecuador out of one of the easier groups in the tournament. They face France, Switzerland, and Honduras.
MLB Player Breaks Bat... On A Whiff 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Report 
WATCH 
Report 
Predicting The 2014 NFL Season With Stats 
WATCH 
Browns Star In More Trouble 
REPORT 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Blue Jays Slugger Continues Hot Streak 
The Winners and Losers of the NBA Draft Lottery This happens to be the most stacked and more importantly deep draft in a decade, so there's a good chance some of these players can make a difference.
Report 
Joel Embiid Is The Answer To Cleveland's Prayers The moribund Cavs have once again been given basketball's gift of gifts, winning the lottery for the third time in four years. And while they can choose between the supremely talented Andrew Wiggins, Jabari Parker and Julius Randle, Joel Embiid is their best choice.
Chess Champions in America The center of professional chess in America is Saint Louis, Missouri. For the last six years the U.S. championship was held at the local Chess Club and Scholastic Center. With Nakamura absent this year, all eyes were on Gata Kamsky, the defending champion and the oldest participant. Could he still defend the title at the age of 39?
Floyd Mayweather Jr., T.I. Involved In 'Chair-Tossing Brawl' 
Soccer Club FC Bayern Munich None of these victories made me as proud of my club as finding out about how my club defied anti-Semitism and the Nazis.
America, This Is The National Anthem You Need For Memorial Day Weekend 
Vogelsong, Sandoval Lead the Giants To Victory San Francisco won the 2-1 decision over the Twins and improved to 5-0 in Interleague play this season.  They clinched the three-game series and won six of their last seven games against Minnesota.  The Giants now own the best record in the Majors.
Ronaldo's Abs Are The Champions Of Europe 
LOOK 
WATCH 
Painkiller Lawsuit Against the NFL Will Cause the League a Serious Headache Fresh from tentatively settling the class action lawsuit based on the concussions suffered by its players, the National Football League faces a new challenge that promises to cause the League migraines for years to come.
WATCH 
For the Love of Golf National Golf Day was May 21, 2014. There are so many great things about golf that extend far beyond the actual sport.
Warriors Introduce Kerr as Head Coach Many thought the Warriors would've gone with a more veteran coach who can lead the team past the second round of the playoffs. But instead the owners and senior management wanted something different and less problematic.
Spurs Tribute Video Will Make Everyone Want To Be A San Antonio Fan 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Manchester United BPL Fans Let David Moyes Down All that was good has come crashing down now that manager David Moyes has got the sack before he even made it through a single season.
WATCH 
It's Not The End Of The World 
Reports 
WATCH 
WATCH 
Arsene Wenger Has Been Waiting Nine Years To Lift This Trophy 
Could This Be the End of the Kellen Moore Experiment? A few months ago, Kellen Moore's career took one step forward. By the start of minicamp, it took two steps back when Lions GM Martin Mayhew verbally slapped it away.
Why the Clippers Didn't Win In the NBA, a team needs at least two reliable shot-creators to win in the postseason -- players capable of manufacturing an open look for themselves or for a teammate at will. For LA, Chris Paul and Blake Griffin are those primary playmakers.
Atletico Stuns Barcelona For Spanish Title 
Joba Chamberlain Is Back, Baby The mighty fell hard. Despite once being considered Mariano Rivera's eventual replacement or at least a top-of-the-rotation mainstay, the Yankees decided against re-signing Chamberlain this offseason.
REPORT 
Meeting Maradona I was first introduced to Club Atl\u00e9tico de Madrid while speeding along the winding, uneven and narrow streets of Madrid's La Latina district, perched precariously upon the back of a small motorcycle belonging to a maniacal Spaniard.
This Pro Soccer Player Risked His Career To Save A Total Stranger's Life 
'It's Possible But Not Probable' 
Instead Of Gloating, This NBA Star Chose Gratitude 
'Manzielling' in Cleveland There was no doubt that Manziel was going to be drafted by the Browns.  When Roger Goodell announced his name, the crowd erupted.  The Browns had officially stolen the first round, making headlines all across America.
Hard Not to See Bias in Michael Sam's Draft Fall In today's NFL full of pass-happy offenses and hybrid defensive fronts, football reasons alone can't justify why an award-winning pass-rusher like Sam fell so far in the draft.
Johnny Manziel, A Superstar In The Making Mark May 8 on your calendar
Chase's Case For The Hall Of Fame 
Donald Sterling's Estranged Wife Says She'll 'Eventually' Divorce Him 
Michael Sam Is Ready To Play Football 
Lax FIFA Policing of Political Interference in Soccer Focuses on Egypt World soccer body FIFA has dispatched investigators to Egypt to probe allegations of government interference as the country prepares for potentially risky bids to host two international tournaments, the 2017 Beach Soccer World Cup and the 2018 FIFA Under-17 Women's World Cup.
Former NFL Running Back Not Okay With Michael Sam's Display Of Affection 
Sam Jerseys Are Already For Sale And The Demand Is Reportedly 'Ridiculous' 
Michael Sam Is The First Openly Gay Football Player Drafted Into The NFL 
Is The NFL Ready For Michael Sam? 
Donald Sterling 
GIF 
THIS Is What We Call Extreme Biking 
WATCH 
The NFL Draft Sleepers You Can't Afford Not To Know 
Is Teddy Bridgewater Worth The Hype? 
Manny Machado Is Back And Every Baseball Fan Should Be Excited 
LaMarcus Aldridge Wants To 'Prove That I'm The Best Power Forward In The Game' 
10 Winning Distinctions Watching this year's Kentucky Derby winner, California Chrome, made me reflect on my own peak experience as an owner in a racehorse who also wasn't expected to become anything special amongst the 30,000+ racehorses that are born each year.
TSI NFL Draft Series 
Adam Silver That's precisely why racism holds on within America. In the privacy of our homes, clubs, and offices -- and in the tradeoff of philanthropy and what we perceive as the greater good -- we ignore our values, dismiss and rationalize them.
Parody Proves Racism Finally Eliminated From The NBA... Unless You Count Native-Americans 
WATCH 
Ali Proves He's Also The Greatest On Twitter With Mayweather-Pacquiao Tweet 
'Floyd Did Not Fight Like The Man I Expected' 
Animal Cruelty Accusations Lurk Beneath Kentucky Derby Grandeur 
No Big Deal 
Amateur Golf's Quiet Savior Being that golf is one of the most expensive sports to play, pricey items like golf clubs, attire, and greens fees often make the game cost-prohibitive for today's youth. Not surprisingly the National Golf Foundation has reported a precipitous decline in participation, threatening the game's future.
Washington Wizards' Dynamic Backcourt Duo Of John Wall And Bradley Beal Is Making Waves 
Was the NJ Supercross Awesome? Fuggetaboutit! The first Supercross race to take place anywhere in the Northeast in 23 years is now in the record books.
What's Next For The Chicago Bulls? 
WATCH 
Furor Mounts Over Clippers Owner Donald Sterling's Alleged Racist Rant An NBA team is a business, but it also carries the imagery of representing that city.  Sports and athletes can provide opportunities for positive role modeling and influencing attitudes -- when turned negative, the effects ripple.
Don Sterling and GF Go to Dinner 
NBA Commissioner Speaks Out On Clippers Owner Controversy 
LISTEN 
LOOK 
What's Next For NBA In Donald Sterling Case From A Legal Standpoint? 
Happy Maurice Cheeks Day! As I prepared to write about an act of uncommon decency by a professional athlete, I realized that calling it that was unfair, that it diminishes what happened, because this was simply an act of uncommon decency, period.
Olbermann 
Qatar May Have 'Bought' The World Cup, But Can It Pay For It? 
Magic Responds To Clippers Owner's Alleged Racist Rant 
49ers Coach Strongly Defends Kaepernick 
TNT Crew Responds To Clippers Owner's Alleged Racist Tirade 
NBP Players' Union Responds To Clippers Owner's Alleged Racist Comments 
Clippers Player Delivers Slam-Dunk Response To Team Owner's Alleged Racist Rant 
Is Carmelo Chicago's Missing Piece? 
15 NFL Games In 2014 Worth Circling On Your Calendar 
WATCH 
American Soccer Fans Not Impressed With Gus Johnson 
Wrigley Field Turns 100, And It Hasn't Lost A Step 
A Meet-up With the Mustache-free Dan Snyder of the Washington Redskins It's not every day one gets to meet an owner of a National Football League team, particularly if you have a mustache -- unless you hang around St. Louis or Jacksonville.
Redskins Owner Thinks Critics Of Name Should 'Focus On Reality' 
Finding Hope in a Boston Sports Game As baseball season starts up again, I am forcefully reminded that marrying a Boston Sports Fan can sometimes be a challenge.
GIFs 
Shocking Upset Shakes Up Title Race 
Blake Spilled Water All Over Warriors Fan 
WATCH 
WATCH 
NFL Star Shows Off INSANE Speed On Treadmill 
WATCH 
NSFW VIDEO 
The 2014 NBA Playoffs Meets 'Game Of Thrones' Because There Can Only Be One True King 
This Is How The Human Face Reacts To Getting Hit By A 90-MPH Fastball 
NBA Eastern Conference Playoff Preview With the Pacers in rapid decline and the Heat sliding not far behind, anything seems possible. Check that
Who's On First? This Triple Play Shows How Random The Yankees' Infield Has Gotten 
Angels Fan Learns Very Quickly That Players Aren't Supposed To Be Touched An Angels fan needed to be reminded on Friday night that spectators aren't allowed to touch players during the game. After
Bubba Watson, Rickie Fowler Friendship Built On Wackiness Maybe the next one will feature a pair of green jackets. Really? \You know, at first I really didn't like him,\ quipped Fowler
Jimmy Rollins 'Politely' Dropped An F-Bomb On A Heckler After Crushing Walk-Off Homer (GIF) Philadelphia Phillies shortstop Jimmy Rollins was being taunted in his own stadium when he stepped into the batters' box
Eagles' LeSean McCoy If given the choice between a toddler and Tim Tebow, Philadelphia Eagles star LeSean McCoy says he'd definitely pick the
Nebraska Football Coach Bo Pelini Reenacted 'Circle Of Life' With Adorable, Terrified Cat (VIDEO) Just days after his Cornhuskers upset No. 22 Georgia on New Year's Day, Pelini first acknowledged @FauxPelini on Twitter
Liverpool Top Manchester City In 3-2 Thriller To Take Control Of Title Race (VIDEO/PHOTOS) It was an emotional afternoon on Merseyside. The pre-match rendition of You\u2019ll Never Walk Alone was hair raising, the minute\u2019s
This Is the Sort Of Superhuman Effort It Takes To Save A Messi Free Kick (VIDEO) \I did not stop anyone winning La Liga, I just did my job. I am very happy, nobody thought we could beat Barcelona but we
Manny Pacquiao's Mom Put A Hex On The Internet But Probably Not Timothy Bradley (GIF/VIDEO) With or without any supernatural support from his mother, Manny defeated Bradley in a unanimous decision to avenge his controversial
Aldon Smith -- 49ers Superstar Arrested At LAX ... Allegedly Yelled 'Bomb' In Airport [Video] | TMZ.com San Francisco 49ers superstar Aldon Smith was just arrested at LAX after allegedly yelling \bomb\ in the airport terminal
Masters Live Blog, Final Round Saturday The first player is seeking his first Masters victory. The second is trying for a second green jacket in three years. Jordan
Rory McIlroy Outplayed At The Masters By A Guy Who Isn't Even Officially Competing \I don't think I've ever seen anyone putt the greens as well as he does around here,\ said McIlroy, who played the massive
That Moment When You Realize You're Going To Miss The Cut At The Masters (PHOTO) When the cut line later settled at 4-over par after two rounds, Mickelson was sent home early from the Masters for just the
Arsenal Edge Wigan In Penalty Shootout To Reach FA Cup Final (VIDEO/PHOTOS) Per Mertesacker went from zero to hero as Arsenal overcame FA Cup holder Wigan 4-2 in a dramatic semifinal penalty shootout
Bumgarner's Grand Slam Enough for Win The Colorado Rockies scored three runs before Madison Bumgarner's grand slam gave the Giants the lead and the 6-5 win over the Rockies. The southpaw got off to a rocky start and later settled in for one of the most memorable games of his career.
Masters Tracker Bubba Watson starts Saturday's third round of the Masters with a three-shot lead \u2013 but defending champion Adam Scott, Jordan
13 Ways Johnny Manziel's Pro Day Was The Most Johnny Football Thing Ever (GIFs/PHOTOS) (GIF via @CorkGaines) \I wanted to put on a good show for them,\ Manziel told Lindsey H. Jones of USA TODAY Sports after
The Texas-Sized Video Screens At The Final Four Are Bigger Than The Basketball Court (PHOTOS) Fans attending the Final Four aren't likely to argue against the saying that \everything is bigger in Texas\ after getting
It's Deja Blue For Kentucky As Aaron Harrison Hits Another Game-Winning Shot (VIDEOS) Aaron Harrison did it again. (Video via Michael Shamburger) (Video via gifdsports) \It was a great shot,\ Wisconsin forward
Alex Poythress Doesn't Always Score Points, But When He Does, He Prefers Them Amazing (GIFs) (GIF via @gifdsports) Unfortunately for Poythress, the excitement didn't end after the final buzzer. He got his leg tangled
Giants Offense Backs Bumgarner for Win Countless mistakes held in the first frame led to a Giants lead that was unattainable yesterday.  Today the bats stayed 'hot' for San Francisco as they pulled away in the fifth for the 7-2 victory over the Dodgers.
Julius Randle's Inspirational Mom Is The Final Four's Most Outstanding Parent (VIDEO) \If I'd called my manager and asked if I could have tomorrow off, they know what's going on,\ Kyles, who caught the thrilling
Giants Spoil Dodgers Home Opener After having their home opener spoiled with a 8-4 loss to the Giants.  LA had troubles long before the first pitch was thrown.  Matt Kemp who was activated today after a rigorous off-season workout was not listed in today's lineup.
Gerald Green Threw An Alley-Oop To Himself Off The Backboard (VIDEO) By Jose Martinez, Complex Sports RELATED
John Caliapri Wants Kentucky Players To 'Succeed And Proceed' And Not Just Be 'One And Done' In his forthcoming book \Players First
Wisconsin's Zach Bohannon Is The Selfie King Of The Final Four (PHOTOS) Wisconsin forward Zach Bohannon scored big at the Final Four before any of the games were even played. A fifth-year graduate
Fan Catches Foul Ball With Popcorn Bucket (VIDEO) A fan at PNC Park on Friday night snagged a foul ball and lost a lot of popcorn in the process. He seemed pretty happy with
DeSean Jackson Denies Being A Gang Member And Slams 'Disrespectful' Allegations While the Eagles have remained quiet on their actual reasons for cutting Jackson, the NFL Player's Association is going to
Final Four Schedule Of the 68 teams that started the 2014 NCAA Tournament, there are finally just four left
What if the Dodgers Don't Win the Pennant This Year? The Los Angeles Dodgers, pre-season favorites according to most baseball analysts and experts, are currently in first place in the NL West and have the best record in baseball after beating the Arizona Diamondbacks in a two game opening series in Australia.
Has Yasiel Puig Fatigue Set In Already? I really hope we don\u2019t ruin the joy of watching Yasiel Puig play baseball \u2013 he\u2019s an incredibly exciting player that can be
Refs Calling Questionable Fouls At The End Of NCAA Tournament Games Is The Worst (VIDEO) \I thought it was a really, really tough call,\ Arizona coach Sean Miller told reporters after the game when asked about
Bo Ryan Cutting Down The Nets To Celebrate His First Final Four Trip Is What Sports Is All About (PHOTOS) \Today would have been my dad's 90th birthday,\ Ryan reminded reporters after his team's win over Arizona in the Elite Eight
John Terry's Own Goal Sends Chelsea To Shock Defeat Against Crystal Palace (VIDEO) Chelsea almost levelled immediately, Julian Speroni diving full length to his left to keep out Eden Hazard's curling effort
Here's Why UConn Feels Right At Home In Madison Square Garden (VIDEOS) While the NCAA Tournament stayed away from the city so nice they named it twice for 53 years, UConn have been regular visitors
Katherine Webb And AJ McCarron Are Engaged And That Ring Is HUGE (PHOTOS) The former Miss Alabama announced her engagement to former Alabama Crimson Tide quarterback AJ McCarron, 23, on Twitter yesterday
Ray Rice Got Married One Day After Being Indicted For Allegedly Assaulting His Fiancee Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice married Janay Palmer on Friday, ESPN's Adam Schefter reported. The ceremony reportedly
Miguel Cabrera's Contract Made LeBron James Wish NBA Didn't Have A Salary Cap \I wish we didn't have a salary cap,\ James said, via the Associated Press. Then he said he would opt out of his contract
UConn Coach Celebrated Sweet 16 Win By Slapping His Own Player Following UConn's Sweet 16 win over Iowa State, Huskies coach Kevin Ollie slapped freshman guard Terrence Samuel on national
Vin Scully Calmly Calling An Earthquake Is The Most L.A. Thing Ever (VIDEO) According to the U.S. Geological Survey, that \little tremor\ was a magnitude 5.1 earthquake that occurred at 9:09 p.m. PT
Don't Worry, Pele Is Not Dead (Even If CNN Reported Otherwise) Shortly thereafter, @NewDay deleted that tweet and issued an update after checking in with Pele's representatives. Not only
Dustin Hogue's Epic Homecoming Haircut Should Make Anthony Mason Proud (PHOTOS) Making sure his performance spoke as loudly as his look, Hogue poured in a career-high 34 points for the Cyclones. Unfortunately
Dayton Party Reaches Elite Level As Flyers Continue Cinderella Run (VIDEO/PHOTOS) The Dayton Flyers have been giving their fans plenty to celebrate and those fans have been doing plenty of celebrating. The
A Profile of the Modern-Day Sports Fan He annoys his non-fan friends and often gets annoyed by them. He is busy checking scores and reporting happenings to their
Student Athletics, Brought to You by Burger King What do you call a TV ad about Burger King, the NCAA, and a former college basketball player? I call it a glimpse into the messy world of college sports and big business. And that's exactly what's on display this month during March Madness.
Stanford Cowbell Guy Has A Serious Case Of March Madness (GIF) Even famed producer Bruce Dickinson would have to admit that this game could not have handled any more cowbell. Stanford's
Greg Gumbel Interview With Dayton's Coach Got Awkward And Stayed That Way (VIDEO) Things got awkward and stayed that way when CBS' Greg Gumbel interviewed Dayton basketball coach Archie Miller on Sunday
Coach K's Classy Gesture Will Make It Harder For You To Hate Him, Or Not (VIDEO) Was it a classy gesture? Did Coach K somehow make the Mercer celebration about him by dropping by? Or maybe a little bit
Roddy White Lost A Bet To A Fan But Doesn't Want To Pay In Full Roddy White should be shelling out for season tickets to Atlanta Falcons games after losing a bet. The Falcons' Pro-Bowl
Virginia Tech Mixed Up Its Bald Coaches After Hiring Buzz Williams Virginia Tech has a new basketball coach. That coach is bald and he used to work at Marquette. That much is clear. After
The Last Guy With A Perfect Bracket Blew His Chance To Win $1 Billion Brad Binder says it only took him about five minutes to fill out his bracket for the 2014 NCAA Tournament. He may spend a
Hockey Fan Learns Why You Shouldn't Always Bang On The Glass During A Game A hockey fan learned the hard way that it's not always the right time to bang on the glass during a game. Just enjoy the
13 Things Duke Haters Absolutely Loved About Seeing Coach K's Team Flop In March, Again Mercer's Coach Celebrated Late Touchdown Layup With This Leg Kick Then Mercer guard Kevin Canevari Did The NaeNae (GIF via
Arizona Sportscaster Takes A Hilarious Tumble Trying To Run To Arena (VIDEO) Sportscaster Paul Cicala of KVOA in Tuscon has a pretty unique, charming bit professing his excitement for the Pac 12 title
Most Things In Life Can Be Decided With A Bracket. | SportsonEarth.com  For the past 12 days, I've been carrying around a manila envelope, grasping it like a talisman. Every 20 minutes or so, I
NCAA Tournament Bracket 2014 The field of 68 teams for the 2014 NCAA Tournament has been revealed on Selection Sunday and the madness of March is here
Selection Sunday Live Blog SCROLL DOWN FOR UPDATES AS THE 68 TEAMS ARE ANNOUNCED NCAA Tournament Selection Show TV
NCAA Tournament Teams, Seeds 2014 Shortly after the conference tournaments wrapped up on Selection Sunday, the NCAA Tournament selection committee finalized
13 Classic Photos Of Phil Jackson Back When He Was The Knicks' Hipster Iconoclast Phil Jackson may have been the very first NBA hipster. Decades before Williamsburg was gentrified or Russell Westbrook helped
Joakim Noah's Father Was Too Busy Cheering During An Interview With Lisa Salters (VIDEO) Joakim Noah's father couldn't give ESPN's Lisa Salters his undivided attention while he watched his son play against the
Rashard Mendenhall To Retire After 6 Seasons In NFL The 23rd overall pick in the 2008 NFL Draft, Mendenhall spent his first five seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers. He recorded
Why I Retired At 26 I've greatly enjoyed my time, but I no longer wish to put my body at risk for the sake of entertainment. I think about the rest of my life and I want to live it with much quality. And physically, I am grateful that I can walk away feeling as good as I did when I stepped into it.
Seven Overtimes Wasn't Enough In OHSAA Hockey State Final So It Ended In A Tie (VIDEO) Seven overtimes wasn't enough to decide a clear winner in the Ohio High School Athletic Association hockey state final on
Iowa State Fans Mock Marcus Smart With Coordinated 'Mass Flop' (VIDEO) When Oklahoma State star Marcus Smart was introduced at the Hilton Coliseum on Saturday, Iowa State fans mocked him with
7 Duke Wins Over UNC That Rocked Tobacco Road (VIDEOS) The men's basketball program at Duke didn't become one of the most reviled and successful in the nation by not winning plenty
The Least Creative Nicknames In Sports History One of the perks of being an athlete, or just being part of a team, is that you are part of an exclusive fraternity that
Former Titans Linebacker Keith Bulluck Thinks Chris Johnson Is A 'Me Person' Follow me on Twitter
Tiger Woods At Doral, Live Scores For WGC-Cadillac Championship Patrick Reed starts Sunday's final round at 4 under par, with a two-shot lead over Jason Dufner and Hunter Mahan \u2013 thanks
Sports Betting Has a Chance to Step Into the Sunlight Sports betting is booming. Reuters estimates one trillion dollars is bet annually on sports worldwide. Yes, trillion with a T!
Ozil, Giroud Send Arsenal Past Everton 4-1 Into FA Cup Semifinals (VIDEOS) A flurry of late goals boosted Arsenal's hopes of ending its trophy drought as it beat Everton 4-1 in Saturday's FA Cup quarterfinal
Tiger Tracker Tiger Woods survived tough scoring conditions Friday at Trump National Doral to finish at 5 over after two rounds of the
Andrew Wiggins Shows Why NBA Tanking Is A Thing (VIDEO) It took Andrew Wiggins about six seconds to show off the athleticism that has had him tipped as a future NBA star since high
Tiger Woods Surges Into Contention At Doral With Vintage Putting Performance (PHOTOS) By Jeff Rude, Golfweek But Woods is Woods, and it long has been risky business to doubt this man who has won 79 Tour titles
Percentage of Major League African-American Players Has Fallen Drastically In the last three decades, the deluge of African-American players into the Major Leagues has gone from a flood to a trickle. From the height in the mid 1970s, the numbers have dwindled down to a paltry 8.5 percent.
5 Wild Fan Pranks That Prove The UNC-Duke Rivalry Is The Absolute Best The UNC fight song won't likely be heard in the Duke University Chapel any time soon but the lyrics were surreptitiously
One Player Made Three Buzzer Beaters Against The Same Team This Season (VIDEOS Desi Washington will not be forgotten or welcome at Fairfield University any time soon. The second one came in February when
7 North Carolina Wins Over Duke They'll Never Stop Celebrating In Chapel Hill (VIDEOS) If everybody really hates Duke then the University of North Carolina must have the most popular basketball team in the country
Death of Father of 'Tommy John Surgery' Highlights Tommy John's Hall of Fame Credentials Tommy John won more games than 39 of the 59 pitchers enshrined in Cooperstown, including such greats as Bob Feller, Sandy Koufax, Whitey Ford, Bob Gibson, Catfish Hunter, Jim Palmer, Jim Bunning and Don Drysdale.
This Guy's Acapella Version Of Mike Tyson's 'Punch Out' Will Make You Nostalgic (VIDEO) In 1987, Nintendo came out with the \Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!\ video game. Nearly thirty years later, it is still beloved
Kevin Love's Response To Defense Diss Is Perfect, Profane (via Black Sports Online] It's worth noting that Love and Chandler are friends
Kobe Bryant Pays Tribute To Allen Iverson With Instagram Post Kobe Bryant paid tribute to Allen Iverson on Friday in a moving Instagram post, the same night that the Philadelphia 76ers
Tiger Woods And Rory McIlroy, Honda Classic Live Scores Tiger Woods is looking to springboard off a 5-under 65 if he is to contend in the final round Sunday at the Honda Classic
Darren Sharper Fired By NFL Network Aaron Wilson covers the Ravens for The Baltimore Sun By Aaron Wilson, National Football Post Sharper was previously suspended
Canadiens' Dale Weise Took Skate To The Face & His Teammate Tweeted A Photo Of The Aftermath The team said that the cut on the upper lip required \about a dozen\ stitches, per Dave Stubbs of the Montreal Gazette. After
Opening Day -- But It Doesn't Count Today was Opening Day in spring training in Sarasota, Florida. The Baltimore Orioles hosted the Toronto Blue Jays in a game that didn't count, an upbeat, cheerful -- even joyous -- occasion.  Neither club has lost a game that counts in the standings. Everyone was in a good mood.
Andre Schurrle's Hat Trick Lifts Chelsea Past Fulham, Extends Premier League Lead (VIDEO) By Goal.com Fulham netted a consolation with 16 minutes to play as Darren Bent knocked down a Lewis Holtby corner and Heitinga
Newcastle Manager Is Sorry About That Headbutt That He Doesn't Think Was A Headbutt (VIDEOS) \u201cI don\u2019t think it was a headbutt,\ Pardew contended during his postgame remarks, via Goal.com. \It wasn\u2019t a motion that was
Vin Scully Makes Everything Seem Profound And Amazing, Even A Kid Rolling Down A Hill (VIDEO) OK, Vin Scully, we get it. You are the mellifluous master of baseball announcing and no moment is too mundane to be made
NFL Mock Draft As many of you know, I am not a lover of Mock Drafts, especially this early in the Draft season because we just don\u2019t have
The 'N-Word' and the 'R-Word' Sometimes you have to listen for the silences to understand what is actually being said. The NFL is considering penalties against players if they utter one of the most despicable racial slurs against African Americans.
Tiger Tracker Rory McIlroy again owns a one-shot lead at the Honda Classic as play begins Saturday for the third round of the Honda Classic
Olympic Rings Fail Joke The delight of the Russian crowd, that fifth group of dancers soon expanded outward to complete the set. While most viewers
Nets Expected To Sign Jason Collins The Brooklyn Nets are expected to sign Jason Collins to a 10-day contract, as first reported by ESPN. The 35-year-old veteran
Jason Collins Signs With Nets And Becomes First Openly Gay Active Player In NBA History \Jason told us that his goal was to earn another contract with an NBA team. Today, I want to commend him on achieving his
Madison Rising Treated Daytona To Possibly The Worst National Anthem Rendition Ever (VIDEO) For those needing a star-spangled palette cleanser after watching the video above, below is Marvin Gaye's iconic rendition
Sochi Closing Ceremony LIVE UPDATES While there is no formal, lengthy \Parade Of Nations\ as is traditional during the opening ceremony, each nation will be
2014 Olympics Photos Bummed you didn't get tickets to the most exciting event in winter sports this year? Can't believe you're about to miss your
2014 Olympics Photos Bummed you didn't get tickets to the most exciting event in winter sports this year? Can't believe you're about to miss your
Here Are All The Olympic Athletes Who Lost Medals For Doping Since 1968, And All The Drugs They Took Infographic by Troy Dunham, research by Arman Wallia Of course, the Olympics are also about winning medals for those athletes
John Wall Only Needed One Dunk To Sort Of Win The Bizarro 2014 NBA Dunk Contest (VIDEO) The convoluted 2014 edition of the contest was broken into two segments and reframed as a competition between conferences
Injuries At Extreme Park Course Mar Women's Snowboard Cross Qualifying \They (courses) did not appear to have any difference from Vancouver (2010 Olympics). The athletes are happy with the course
Auburn Fan Sinks 95-Foot Putt On The Basketball Court To Win A New Car (VIDEO) An Auburn fan at the Tigers' home game against the Mississippi State Bulldogs on Saturday somehow sank a 95-foot putt from
Blind Man Makes 3-Pointer At Halftime Of College Of The Ozarks vs. Bellevue Game (VIDEO) Michael Quin, a blind man from Springfield, Mo., sent the crowd into a frenzy when he knocked down a 3-pointer during halftime
Top 5 NFL Pay Cut Candidates Include DeMarcus Ware, Troy Polamalu Vince Wilfork (DT)-New England Patriots Follow me on Twitter
Again! T.J. Oshie, Herb Brooks From 'Miracle' Will Make You Believe In U.S. Hockey (VIDEO) Again and again, Oshie skated in on Bobrovsky. He would be turned aside with his second shootout attempt, score again on
Lolo Jones Isn't A Fan Of The Olympic Cafeteria Food The United States Olympic Committee told Yahoo! they provide Olympians with on-site nutritionists, but it is up to the individual
#TwitpicYourDunkContestReaction Was Way More Impressive Than Actual Dunk Contest (PHOTOS) The NBA may have proven itself to be unreliable on All-Star Saturday Night in New Orleans but NBA Twitter showed itself to
Worshipping Brand Jeter I highly commend Derek Jeter for his philanthropic efforts.  Charity work is admirable, and much needed -- but charity does not solve problems.
Japan's Watanabe Makes History With Division 1 Scholarship Yuta Watanabe of St. Thomas More (CT) committed to George Washington last week. The 6'7\ forward was also considering Fordham
Jose Mourinho Chelsea currently leads the Premier League by a point from Arsenal after 26 matches, with Manchester City and Liverpool two
When Men Were Men After the Rich Incognito scandal, you couldn't even harass gay football teammates! What are we becoming? We are becoming a more mature nation that recognizes the value that every man and woman brings to society whatever their race and sexual orientation.
Andre Drummond's Rising Stars Trophy Got Dropped During The Presentation (VIDEO) After Andre Drummond broke an NBA Rising Stars Challenge record with 25 rebounds, his MVP trophy broke as well. As a representative
CX World Championships As an elite athlete, I control the variables that are within my power to prepare myself to the best of my ability. After I have poured every ounce of energy into my training, wisely chosen my nutrition at every meal and counted the hours of solid sleep, I can only hope that on 'game day' the body that I have trained so meticulously is the one that shows up.
Jeremy Abbott, U.S. Figure Skater, Sends Middle Finger To Critics His fall on Thursday left him on the ice, apparently nursing an injury. He went on to finish his routine, finishing in 15th
Qatar Unwittingly Forces Potential Improvement of Soccer Governance This is hardly how Qatar would have wanted to do it, but the Gulf state has unwittingly contributed to a potential improvement in the governance of soccer and word sports as a result of mounting controversy over its labor standards.
NFL Hopeful Rashid Williams Gives Up Job, Lives Out Of A Van To Train For Shot At Pros | Shutdown Corner - Yahoo Sports At a time when most draft prospects are trading up their cars, NFL hopeful Rashid Williams recently traded in his luxury
T.J. Oshie Insists U.S. Troops Are The Real Heroes Even As Hockey Fans Hail Him As Captain America Good luck convincing T.J. Oshie that he is an American hero. Move over, Steve Rogers. While American hockey fans were busy
Stephen Curry Drains 3 Half-Court Shots In A Row At All-Star Game Practice (VIDEO) Steph Curry looked more than ready for the NBA Three-Point Contest when he drained three straight shots from half court during
OUT OF LINE 
Phoenix Suns Player Channing Frye Uses Personal Experience to Educate Others About Heart Disease Frye recalled the moments leading up to one of the most difficult times in his NBA playing career. Soon enough, he would realize that the looks of the doctors and professionals around him were serious.
Roberto Luongo Had The Best Reaction To T.J. Oshie's Shootout Performance In Sochi (TWEETS) Vancouver Canucks goaltender Roberto Luongo might have had an idea of what was going through Russian goalie Sergei Bobrovsky's
U.S. vs. Russia Cold War or no Cold War, when Russia plays the United States in hockey, it's an event. When it's in the Olympics, it means more. When those Olympics are in Russia and the nation's president basically pins a nation's hopes on its hockey team, well, then it's intense.
The Olympics We Don't See We don't tell the story of Stacey Cook, the 29-year-old American who has dedicated her life to skiing. Just a month ago, she finished fifth in a World Cup downhill event. She came to the Olympics with confidence that she could surprise people. She is leaving Russia devastated.
Why Andrew Luck Is The Most Untradeable Player In The NFL Luck\u2019s arm is both strong and accurate as exemplified by the biggest play of his young career \u2014 the game-winning throw to
Fox Sports Live's Sochi Tour Resembles A Cleveland Tourism Video By Matt Yoder, Awful Announcing This video may be my favorite thing to come out of Fox Sports 1 so far. The network actually
Safety! Super Bowl XLVIII Got Off To A Terrible Start For The Broncos (GIF) This was not the start that Peyton Manning had in mind. On the very first offensive play of Super Bowl XLVIII, Denver Broncos
Colin Kaepernick Gives Richard Sherman A Taste Of His Own Trash Talking Medicine \I'll take Crabtree on Sherman every day of the week,\ Kaepernick said on ESPN's \Mike & Mike\ radio show on Thursday. 1
Nine Super Bowl XLVIII Prop Bets That Have Nothing To Do With Football A whole lot of dough will be wagered on Super Bowl XLVIII. But out of the 100 million that will be gambled, approximately
Can Peyton Manning Become Greatest QB Ever With Super Bowl Victory? (POLL) \I don't think there's ever going to be a 'very best.' I think there's always going to be a conversation,\ Elway told the
Super Bowl's Greatest Plays Include John Elway's Helicopter Leap, David Tyree's Catch While Jones' tackle ended the game and gave St. Louis the Lombardi Trophy, James Harrison made another iconic, game-changing
Super Bowl Commercials 2014 CLICK HERE to watch the 50 Greatest Super Bowl commercials ever. WATCH below to see this year's slate of Super Bowl commercials
The Completely Unofficial 2014 Super Bowl XLVIII Drinking Game We wish you the best of luck, and Godspeed. DRINK RESPONSIBLY. In the spirit of friendly competition we've put together a
MetLife Peanuts Super Bowl Commercial Reminds Us Why We Love Charlie Brown (VIDEO) CLICK HERE to visit our Super Bowl Live Blog to check out the latest on-field action. Doubtful, which is why MetLife's heartwarming
Super Bowl XLVIII Despite earlier expectations for bitter cold and possible snow at the 48th Super Bowl, Sunday brought mild temperatures, with
Super Bowl XLVIII LIVE SCORE Updates Manning is also up against the Seahawks' stout defense. Led by talented and talkative cornerback Richard Sherman, Seattle's
Dick Vitale Live Tweeted Billy Joel Concert My life? MY LIFE! Here's our first \baby\ of the evening. By Joe Lucia, Awful Announcing For some reason, Vitale tagging
Defensive Holding It is difficult to imagine two more brilliant and exciting quarterbacks than Russell Wilson (Seattle Seahawks) and Colin Kaepernick (San Francisco 49ers) or two more effortlessly perfect passers and play-callers than Tom Brady (New England Patriots) and Peyton Manning (Denver Broncos).
Santi Cazorla's Two Goals Lift Arsenal Over Fulham, Back To Top Of Premier League (VIDEO) Santi Cazorla fired Arsenal back to the top of the Premier League table with a second-half brace against Fulham on Saturday
Tim Tebow Trade Was A 'Mistake' Admits Former Jets GM Mike Tannenbaum A year after being fired by the New York Jets, the team's former general manager Mike Tannenbaum admitted that trading for
Confessions Of A Tonya Harding Apologist In all, I was a high-strung adolescent female. I was self-conscious and insecure, and I saw my flaws at 2,000 percent magnification
Metrodome Roof Collapse Video Time Lapse Is An Oddly Beautiful Farewell To Vikings Stadium MSFA Vice Chairman Bill McCarthy characterized Saturday to The Associated Press as \a sad and exciting day at the same time
How Inflation Affects The List Of Biggest MLB Contracts | SportsonEarth.com In one corner of baseball, Alex Rodriguez remains untouchable. It's the part of the game that might mean the most to him
High School Player's First Dunk Shattered The Backboard (VIDEO) Nubian Spann made his first dunk one to remember. He also made it quite costly for his high school. Panther Creek High School
Chargers Reached Divisional Round Of NFL Playoffs Despite Low Expectations They said a lot of things about the San Diego Chargers prior to the start of the 2013 regular season. They also said the
Josh Smith Stuffs Michael Carter-Williams During Historic Performance (VIDEO) Smith finished the game, a 114-104 win for Detroit, with a game-high 22 points, 13 rebounds, seven assists, five blocks and
Alex Rodriguez Suspension Reduced To 162 Games By Arbitrator But Fight Isn't Over A-Rod won't be back any time soon but he will be eligible to return to the field a bit earlier than Major League Baseball
Ice Bowl Photos Still Look Cold After Packers Host Another Frigid NFL Playoff Game At Lambeau Field Nearly 50 years later, the \Ice Bowl\ still looks cold. The 1967 NFL Championship Game was a hot topic of conversation ahead
Chip Kelly, Nick Foles, and the 2013 Philadelphia Eagles The Philadelphia Eagles surprising season came to a screeching halt Saturday night against the New Orleans Saints. So deal with the drool as best you can and consider these five questions regarding your Philadelphia Eagles.
Eagles Fan Spits On Saints Fan After Philadelphia's Playoff Loss At Lincoln Financial Field (VIDEO) A Saints fan was celebrating inside Lincoln Financial Field after New Orleans kicker Shayne Graham's game-winning field goal
KC Star Sports Section Addresses Chiefs' Collapse With Harsh But Unforgettable Cover (PHOTO) The law of conservation of fan euphoria requires that for one team to celebrate an epic comeback another must suffer a heartbreaking
Ric Flair Visited The 49ers And Inspired One Player To Insult Green Bay Area (PHOTOS/TWEETS) With the 49ers preparing to face the Packers in what could be one of the coldest games in NFL history, 64-year-old professional
NFL Wild Card Playoffs LIVE SCORE UPDATES Chargers vs. Bengals TIME
Andrew Luck's Touchdown After Recovering A Fumble Was The Colts' Andrew Luckiest Play (GIFs) (GIF via @BuzzFeedSports) It may be better to be lucky than good but it is certainly best to be Andrew Luck and good. Trailing
T.Y. Hilton Caught Colts' Game-Winning Touchdown To Cap Historic Playoff Game (VIDEO) WATCH
Shayne Graham Kicks Saints' Game-Winning Field Just Over 2 Weeks After Joining Team (VIDEO) Graham's fourth field goal sent the Saints (12-5) to Seattle for next Saturday's divisional playoff game against the NFC's
Sad Eagles Fans Probably Weren't Made Less Sad By 'Celebratory' Fireworks After Loss (PHOTOS) These sad Philadelphia Eagles fans seemed especially and understandably sad after their favorite team lost to the New Orleans
Naked Andrew Luck Accidentally Photobombed Pat McAfee's Locker Room Picture After Colts Win Andrew Luck isn't always as fortunate as his surname suggests. The Indianapolis Colts' quarterback was in the wrong place
Manchester United Dumped From FA Cup By Swansea City's Wilfried Bony (VIDEO/PHOTOS) United was made to pay soon after, when Alejandro Pozuelo played in Routledge, who produced a delightful lob over Lindegaard
Stop Endless Replays in Sports! Human error will always occur in the officiating of any athletic competition, but the most exciting plays are now followed by endless delays. It destroys the certainty and excitement.
Hipster Football We all have different reasons for pledging to a club. But given the usually dedicated nature of football fandom, why do we develop crushes on certain teams, and why do we call that \hipster\ anyway?
Manziel, Hundley, Bridgewater -- Should They Enter 2014 NFL Draft? To leave or not to leave? That is the question facing a number of collegiate players who have a few weeks now to determine whether to return for another season or declare for the NFL Draft. How do they make this decision?
The Bengals and the Curse of Woody Harrelson I heard about the infamous Curse of the Bambino growing up. I'll admit, it's sexier than the one that plagues Cincinnati. But it's real for the Bengals, and can also be traced to one man
Tajh Boyd, Braxton Miller Traded Incredible Touchdown Runs To Open Orange Bowl Duel (VIDEOS) Before a duel it was customary for combatants to agree upon rules and weapons. At the outset of the Orange Bowl it seemed
Andre Iguodala's Buzzer Beater Lifts Warriors Over Hawks (VIDEO) \Every part of that play worked because everybody ran like they were going to get the ball,\ Iguodala said after the game
Clemson Receivers Sammy Watkins, Martavis Bryant Made Stunning Touchdown Catches (VIDEOS/GIFs) WATCH
Are the Cardinals Really the Best Organization in Baseball? The Cardinals are obviously a very good team, but some of the mistakes they make as an organization would draw much more attention if not for the best organization frame.
NFL Wild Card Playoffs LIVE SCORE UPDATES Saints vs. Eagles TIME
Mike Ditka Previews Wrong Game On ESPN's 'Sunday NFL Countdown' (VIDEO) The Saturday edition of NFL Countdown on ESPN must have thrown off Da Coach, Mike Ditka. During a discussion on tonight's
Bill O'Brien, Texans Reach Agreement For Coach To Leave Penn State For NFL Kubiak took over after Capers was fired following Houston's 2-14 season in 2005. Kubiak went 61-64 and led Houston to its
Caroline Wozniacki, Rory McIlroy Engaged To Ring In 2014 (PHOTOS) Caroline Wozniacki and Rory McIlroy certainly knew how to ring in 2014. The sports power couple took a breaking from New
Look for This Gesture at the 2014 Olympics With New Year's 2014, world attention turns to the coming winter Olympics in Sochi.  Egypt recently banned its athletes from displaying the Rabaa, a four-fingered hand gesture favored by supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood.
New Year's Day Bowl Games 2014 Schedule It's New Year's Day. That means at least two things for many college football fans
Nick Saban Gets His Nails Painted By 12-Year-Old Patient At Children's Hospital (VIDEO) We couldn't imagine Nick Saban telling his players to \mani up.\ But the Alabama coach doesn't seem averse to pampering himself
Bowl Haircuts For Bowl Tickets Offer Hey, they can still watch on TV and will now have more time to visit a good barber. In the end just three won the tickets
Nicklas Bendtner Became Arsenal's First Hero Of 2014 With Late Goal Against Cardiff City (VIDEO) Theo Walcott would add a second goal for Arsenal as they again went top of the Premier League table with a 2-0 win. After
Connor Shaw Makes Touchdown Catch On Perfectly-Executed Trick Play In Capital One Bowl (GIF) Having caught the Badgers' secondary off guard, the senior QB reeled in the touchdown catch to give the Gamecocks a 13-7
LSU Receiver Odell Beckham Jr. Made Amazing One-Handed Catch In Outback Bowl (VIDEO) LSU receiver Odell Beckham Jr. made an incredible one-handed catch against Iowa on Wednesday in the Outback Bowl. ALSO
Winter Classic Photos Will Make You Feel Cold Even If You're Nowhere Near The Big House It's called the Winter Classic for a reason. While college football bowl games were being played in sunny locales like Florida
Jaguars Rookie LaRoy Reynolds Makes Tackle Without Helmet Against Colts (VIDEO) Jaguars rookie LaRoy Reynolds lost his helmet during a special teams play against the Colts but that didn't stop him. After
Antonio Brown Shows Off New Haircut Before Regular Season Finale Steelers Pro Bowl receiver Antonio Brown showed off his new hairstyle before his team's final game of the regular season
NFL Playoff Scenarios The 2013 NFL season has come down to Week 17 and several teams in both conferences are still fighting over the remaining
Pro Bowl Snubs 2014 QB-Nick Foles, Philadelphia Eagles RB-Knowshon Moreno, Denver Broncos FB-Anthony Sherman, Kansas City Chiefs WR-Alshon Jeffery
UPDATED NFL Playoff Scenarios ___ AP NFL website
Mike Ditka Sure Seemed To Be Sleeping On ESPN's 'Sunday NFL Countdown' (GIF) The rigors of the 17-week NFL season can wear down anyone ... even Mike Ditka. The 74-year-old Chicago Bears icon appeared
Cordarrelle Patterson's 50-Yard Touchdown Run Broke Vikings Records, Lions Ankles (VIDEO) With Adrian Peterson sidelined by a foot injury, Cordarrelle Patterson made sure the Minnesota Vikings still had at least
Tony Gonzalez Honored With Half-Chiefs, Half-Falcons Helmet (PHOTO) At halftime of what will likely be the final game of his 17-year career on Sunday, 13-time Pro Bowl tight end Tony Gonzalez
Russ Smith's Dunk Over Julius Randle Is A Late Candidate For Posterization Of The Year (VIDEO) Louisville's senior guard posterized Kentucky freshman Julius Randle in a meeting between the intra-state rivals on Saturday
Andrew Bynum Suspended By Cavaliers More from the Associated Press
Chick-fil-A Cow Seems To Really, Really Like Johnny Manziel (PHOTO) Everyone wants a piece of Johnny Manziel
Dodgers' Carl Crawford Engaged To Evelyn Lozada Earlier this month, she opened up about her relationship with the MLB star during an interview with OMG! Insider. In November
Jimmie Johnson Is Still Irritated At Donovan McNabb By Joe Lucia, Awful Announcing Back in November, Donovan McNabb said that Jimmie Johnson (and his NASCAR brethren) wasn't
Nicolas Anelka Celebrates Goal With Allegedly Anti-Semitic 'Quenelle' Gesture (PHOTO) As referenced by Auclair, Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere was recently hit with a two-match ban from the Football Association
Derrick Favors' Game-Winning Dunk Lifted Jazz Over Lakers In Final Seconds (VIDEO) The ball was in the air and the game was on the line. Utah Jazz forward Derrick Favors grabbed hold of both and delivered
These NBA Point Guards Can Carry Their Teams When It Matters Most The point guard has become increasingly important to the modern-day offense, with the emergence of pick-and-roll and the
Peyton Manning, Jason Collins, Jack Hoffman Headline 2013 Sports 'Nice List' To paraphrase a certain North Pole resident, there is room for every athlete on the HuffPost Sports Nice List. That said
Will Your Team Get Tanaka, Price Or A Lump Of Coal? | SportsonEarth.com Christmastime is upon us, which, means all the little sportswriters on the \Nice\ list will benefit from baseball front offices
Santa Claus Interrupts Chip Kelly's Press Conference (VIDEO) [via NJ.com] Kelly was, understandably, a little bit taken aback when Santa popped up out of nowhere. But after a few awkward
LeBron James' Kids Look Like They're Having Fun On Christmas It looks like LeBron James made sure his kids had an amazing Christmas in Los Angeles. The four-time NBA MVP shared a couple
Army-Navy Game Included A Marriage Proposal As Colin Joy Popped The Question (PHOTOS) Pageantry and pomp are to be expected whenever Army and Navy meet on the gridiron but Colin Joy managed to create a uniquely
Jameis Winston Wins 2013 Heisman Trophy In Landslide In 2012, Manziel became the first-ever freshman to win the award and had a chance to become just the second ever to win the
Couch Burning, Fires, Arrests In East Lansing After Michigan State's Big Ten Title Win (VIDEO/PHOTOS) Even before Michigan State completed its BCS-altering upset win over Ohio State on Saturday night there was at least one
Redskins Fans Flee Stadium After Miserable First Half Against Chiefs (PHOTOS) By the start of the third quarter, the crowd seemed to have thinned out even further. Dan Steinberg of DC Sports Bog tweeted
Jhonny Peralta and PED Inconsistency From Major League Baseball The St. Louis Cardinals, after winning the NL pennant, have been reasonably active in the post-season. Perhaps their highest profile move was signing shortstop Jhonny Peralta, formerly of the Detroit Tigers, to a four year $52 million dollar contract.
Jarvis Landry Catch LSU star receiver Jarvis Landry added yet another amazing catch to his highlight reel in the Tigers' win over the Arkansas
Steve Blake Connects With Wesley Johnson On Alley-Oop From Out Of Bounds (VIDEO) [via Lakers Nation] On Wednesday, Blake found Johnson with a backdoor pass which resulted in Wes flushing it down on Paul
ESPN Announcers Videobombed By Human Whack-A-Mole Game (VIDEO) Coming back from halftime, a group of Aztec fans used the ESPN banner behind announcers Dave Flemming and Sean Farnham for
Michigan, Ohio State Fight Results In 3 Ejections, Marcus Hall Giving Middle Fingers To Fans (VIDEO/GIF) The 109th edition of \The Game\ between Michigan and Ohio State may be remembered for a frenzied fight that broke out early
Mysterious Illness In Las Vegas Afflicts Dozens Of Youth Football Players, Parents (VIDEO) A mysterious illness swept through a Las Vegas youth football tournament earlier this week, leaving dozens of players and
Russell Westbrook's Off-Balance Buzzer Beater Lifts Thunder Over Warriors (VIDEO) With the time running out and the Oklahoma City Thunder's offense in disarray, Russell Westbrook grabbed the ball and saved
Richie Incognito, Miami Dolphins Reach Agreement On Suspension, Salary The agreement, which was signed off on by the league and players' union, complies with the NFL collective bargaining agreement
Michigan Two-Point Conversion Fails Late In Loss To Ohio State (VIDEO/GIF/POLL) After the interception, Gardner's mix of exasperation and exhaustion likely summed up the feeling of the Michigan fans filling
Marcus Mariota Interception Streak Ends In Oregon-Arizona Game On First Play From Scrimmge (VIDEO) Following a 40-yard return on the opening kickoff, Mariota looked for receiver Bralon Addison by the left sideline with a
Fan, Usher Have Dance-Off During Pistons-Knicks Game (VIDEO) Competition was fierce at the Palace of Auburn Hills earlier this week when the New York Knicks faced the Detroit Pistons
Luis Suarez Free Kick Goal Liverpool striker Luis Suarez scored an unbelievable goal on a set piece that eluded Everton keeper Tim Howard on Saturday
Oregon Offense Marcus Mariota \u2013 Quarterback This is a talented player. He has speed, hands, run after skills, and toughness. He can and
Stoke Goalkeeper Asmir Begovic's Goal Against Southampton Made Him Feel 'A Little Bit Bad' (VIDEO) Asmir Begovic actually felt badly after becoming just the fifth goalkeeper to score a goal in Premier League history. He
Flyers, Capitals Fight \When you're getting slapped around like that [on the scoreboard], it's a response,\ Holmgren said, via Philly.com. \Do I
The Trouble In Tampa Bay - NFL - ESPN He looks as if he could've been one of them at some point, with his beefy arms and gap-toothed smile. There was a time, years
Juan Martin del Potro Robbed In Paris Before ATP World Finals \I was finishing the check-in and was asked for an autograph. I turned around to sign it and within 20 seconds, it was stolen
Nuggets Mascot Collapses In Scary Scene Before Nuggets' First Home Game (VIDEO) Rocky tweeted on Saturday morning that he was okay. Rocky was being lowered in a harness onto the court from the ceiling
Doran Grant Pick 6 The No. 4 Buckeyes needed just two plays to get on the scoreboard against Purdue on Saturday. Facing 2nd and 5, Boilermakers
Boston Marathon Finish Line Is Scene Of Poignant Stop During Red Sox Parade (VIDEO/PHOTOS) Several victims of the marathon bombing attended a pre-parade ceremony at Fenway, according to WBZ Boston. In the aftermath
Rajon Rondo Wears Fake Beard To Honor Red Sox (VIDEO) Injured Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo got in on the Red Sox's World Series celebration on Friday night. Just before tip
Sport and Society for Arete It is time for the baseball officials, sportswriters, congressman, and self-appointed guardians of truth, justice, and the American way including baseball, to end the hypocrisy on PEDs and develop a rationale approach to the legitimate use of drugs in sports.
Cardinals Edge Red Sox In World Series Game 3 5-4 Holliday's two-run double put the Cardinals on top 4-2 in the seventh. It was Middlebrooks' first inning in the field. He
Matthew Stafford Fake Spike Touchdown Dive Stuns Cowboys And Evokes Dan Marino (VIDEO/GIF) (GIF via @BuzzFeedSports) The daring touchdown reach leveled the score at 30-30 and the ensuing extra point gave Detroit
Ronaldo Denied Penalty After Javier Mascherano Push And He Was Very Unhappy About It (VIDEO/PHOTOS) In the 72nd minute, the 28-year-old Portuguese attacker was running onto a pass from Angel di Maria in the penalty area but
Oregon Fake Punt The uniforms aren't the only bold thing in Eugene. Trailing No. 12 UCLA 7-0 early on Saturday night, the No. 3 Oregon Ducks
World Series Umpires Should Be Applauded For Making The Right Obstruction Call In Game 3 Let us get one thing straight
Millionaires Running Around in Their Underwear Kobe is not the only player making enough money to feed his family; there are 58 others making more than $10 million.
Boston, St. Louis Newspapers Front Pages Treat World Series Obstruction Differently (PHOTOS) Not surprisingly, the obstruction call on the final play of Game 3 of the 2013 World Series was received differently in St
Mighty Underdogs of the European Chess Club Cup Sporting fans love long shots and unexpected triumphs. The first and the last European Chess Club Cups provide proof.
Watch Miami's Stacy Coley Make A 44-Yard Catch On His Back Against Wake Forest Remember when Stacy Coley popped a \swag\ hat to commit to Miami over Florida State last year? He wasn't joking. The freshman
Minnesota's Dancing Penguin Fans Had Plenty To Dance About During Upset Over No. 25 Nebraska (GIF) Also on HuffPost
Johnny Manziel Videbombs Texas A&M Coach Kevin Sumlin By Sticking Out His Tongue (VIDEO) Manziel had good reason to be in a good mood as he threw for four touchdowns and 305 yards in less than three full quarters
Neymar's El Clasico Goal Marks His Introduction To Barcelona, Real Madrid Rivalry (VIDEO/PHOTOS) \Bringing Neymar to a footballing match is like bringing a gun to a knife fight,\ Hudson bellowed following the score that
Yasiel Puig Surprises Little League Team And Pitches To Kids During Practice (VIDEOS) Although he would have rather been in Boston playing in the World Series, Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig still
Josh Stewart Punt Return Touchdown Opens Up Scoring For Oklahoma State Against TCU (VIDEO) Oklahoma State's Josh Stewart scored the first touchdown of the game against TCU on Saturday, returning a punt 95 yards late
LeBron James Talks Space Jam, Playing In NFL, Peyton Manning And More In Twitter Q&A (TWEETS) LeBron James thinks about making his own version of \Space Jam.\ The four-time NBA MVP apparently thinks \about it a lot
Jadeveon Clowney Hit With the unranked Volunteers driving against the No. 11 Gamecocks in the first quarter on Saturday at Neyland Stadium, Clowney
Ray Drew Ejected For Targeting During the second quarter, Drew broke through Vanderbilt's offensive line and knocked down quarterback Austyn Carta-Samuels
Kodi Whitfield Touchdown Catch Gave Stanford Lead Over UCLA, May Have Been Wizardry (VIDEO/GIF) Again, such improbable sleight of hand could have gotten someone in trouble in a less enlightened era. On Saturday, it resulted
Cardinals, Dodgers Standoff The Dodgers won the standoff, but couldn't extend the series as the Cardinals punched their tickets to the World Series. \He
Bill Murray Body Slams Lee Corso On ESPN's 'College GameDay' Over Florida State, Clemson Pick (VIDEO) With ESPN's traveling college football pre-game program set up at Clemson University, Murray dropped by to make his pick
Mike Francesa Spills Diet Coke All Over His Desk (VIDEO) Here's hoping whoever followed Francesa into the studio got to be the one to rant about it being a mess this time. By Matt
Clemson Fan Goes Shirtless, Stands Out Among 'College GameDay' Signs (VIDEO/PHOTOS) There was one Clemson fan who managed to stand out among the enormous amount of signs during ESPN's \College GameDay\ on
Cardinals Celebrate World Series Berth With Champagne And Beer In Locker Room (PHOTOS/VIDEOS) After the Cards were presented with the Warren C. Giles Trophy by honorary league president Bill Giles before the delirious
Arsenal Routs Norwich City 4-1 To Extend Lead Atop Premier League (VIDEO/PHOTOS) STORY CONTINUES BELOW Follow GOAL.COM on Twitter. Norwich continued to press forward after the interval as Snodgrass and
Matt Schaub Injury Leads To T.J. Yates Pick Six And Cheers From Texans Fans (VIDEOS) Entering Week 6, Schaub had tossed a pick six in four straight games. Although Texans coach Gary Kubiak kept the beleaguered
Darrelle Revis Flips LeSean McCoy Over, Forces Fumble During Buccaneers-Eagles Game (GIF) Philadelphia's LeSean McCoy ran aground off \Revis Island\ on Sunday. It didn't go well for him. McCoy broke free for a 12
Kiko Alonso's Interceptions, Highs And Lows In New York And More For NFL Week 6 *On the subject of quarterback development from the class of 2011 \u2013 or, in some cases, lack thereof \u2013 the first round from
Packers Block Punt, Ravens Get First Down Out Of It (GIF) Usually, it's a good thing when a team blocks a punt. But wasn't the case when the Packers blocked a punt from Ravens punter
Paul Posluszny Pick Six (GIF via BuzzFeed Sports) ALSO
David Wilson Backflips Twice After First Touchdown Of Season In Giants-Eagles Game (GIF) Giants running back David Wilson looked very, very excited to finally get into the end zone for the first time this season
Chris Johnson Touchdown He was untouched. Tennessee backup quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick was nearly sacked but was able to find Johnson with short
Adnan Januzaj Goals Lift Manchester United Past Sunderland (VIDEO/PHOTOS) Sunderland had a fantastic opportunity to double its lead in the 34th minute but Giaccherini was denied by an excellent save
Peyton Manning Rushes For Touchdown As Record-Breaking Season Continues (GIF) The Denver Broncos' quarterback continued his record-shattering start to the 2013 campaign in a 51-48 win over the Dallas
Gray Outshines Verlander, A's Win With a Walk-Off The Tigers offense got shutout and they never knew what hit them.  A rookie pitcher took the mound, pitched a stellar game and matched up well against one of the best pitchers Major League Baseball.
DeAndrew White Touchdown Another Saturday. Another amazing one-handed catch. Kevin C. Cox of Getty Images was in a great position and took a great
A-Rod's Lawsuit Is A Bait-And-Switch To Avoid Blame Alex Rodriguez must be losing his arbitration argument by a lopsided score. He has faced the truth-or-dare game against PED
Doc Rivers Says He's Buried The Hatchet With Bill Simmons (VIDEO) Alas, it doesn't appear that feud will carry on into the coming season with Simmons derisively chanting \RI-VERS, RI-VERS
Andre Maloney, Kansas Football Recruit, Dies After Suffering Stroke During High School Game We are absolutely devastated by the news of the passing of Andre Maloney. Our hearts are broken at the loss of such an outstanding
SCORECENTER October 1, 2013 to October 7, 2013 October 1, 2013 to October 7, 2013 Sorting By
ESPN's David Pollack Said Women Don't Belong On College Football Playoff Committee (VIDEO) ESPN college football analyst David Pollack admitted he was about to put his foot in his mouth. Then he went right ahead
Knowshon Moreno Does Rock-Paper-Scissors Touchdown Celebration (GIF) (GIF via BuzzFeed Sports) ALSO
Matthew Stafford Fumbles, Scores Touchdown From Goal Line During Lions-Bears Game (GIF) Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford tried to go over the top of Chicago's defense from the goal line on a QB sneak in the
Kentucky Fake Field Goal \We executed perfectly what we practiced in practice,\ Mansour said after the game, via The Associate Press. \We went out
NFL Week 4 Preview Many thought the Redskins would be the NFC East\u2019s best team. The offense has moved the ball, averaging over 370 yards a game
NFL Free Agents Still Available Include Michael Turner, Jason Smith, Antoine Winfield Linebackers Others
Harsh Qatari Labor Conditions Move Center Stage as FIFA Debates World Cup Union objections on the grounds that Qatar bans independent labor organizations forced the Gulf state earlier this year to withdraw its proposal to move ICAO headquarters from Montreal to Doha. Qatar.
Akeem Hunt Touchdown It didn't look as if Purdue running back Akeem Hunt was going to go all the way after catching a screen pass at Northern
High School Football Fight \u201cIt was crazy,\u201d an IPS police officer told The Indianapolis Star. \u201cThe coaches and players were all on top of each other
Encyclopedia Of Surfing Online Will Launch Monday The online version promises to be everything the book was and infinitely more, bursting with photographs, video clips, a
Stephen A. Smith Appeared To Fall Asleep While Debating Skip Bayless On ESPN's 'First Take' (VIDEO) Debating Skip Bayless for multiple hours a day can be a wearying, wearying thing. I can't blame for Stephen A. Smith for
Ref Run Over In football, the umpire is generally positioned approximately five yards from the line of scrimmage on the defensive side
The $ports Guy Darren Rovell, just shy of 400,000 followers strong, does not exist on Twitter alone \u2014 his return to ESPN after six years
Manchester United Stunned By West Bromwich 2-1 Anderson went close with half an hour on the clock, as he struck the crossbar with a header from close range before smashing
South Florida Punt Fail This is what a \shankapotamus\ looks like. With South Florida already trailing No. 15 Miami, 35-7, in the second quarter
College Football Week 5 Let's take a look at some players that will be vital to the success of their teams on Saturday. Florida QB Tyler Murphy
Jose Canseco Wants To Succeed Bud Selig As MLB Commissioner With  #CansecoCare Plan \Because of Selig's grip on the role, of course, it is entirely unclear throughout all areas of the sport, from the league
TIger Woods Penalty, Two-Stroke Violation Leads To Pairing WIth Sergio Garcia (VIDEO) Woods began the second round with a double bogey from behind the green. Slugger White, the PGA Tour's vice president of competition
Alabama Prepared For Johnny Manziel In Texas A&M Showdown Of course, stopping Manziel is easier said than done. But Saban and his staff will have had an entire offseason to devise
Red Sox Beards Guide, From 'The Ironsides' Of Jonny Gomes To Mike Napoli's 'The Siesta' (PHOTOS) The beards of the Boston Red Sox are like unique, fuzzy snowflakes. No two beards are alike yet in a cluster they can certainly
Chris Davis 50 Home Runs GIF Chris Davis hit his 50th home run of the season on Friday night against the Toronto Blue Jays, tying the Orioles franchise
Corey Dickerson Hits Double On Bounce Pitch, Leads To Five-Run Inning In Rockies' Win (VIDEO) Rockies outfielder Corey Dickerson got fooled by a pitch from Diamondbacks reliever Will Harris and swung even though the
Craig James Fired By FOX Sports Southwest Over Anti-Gay Comments \u201cWe just asked ourselves how Craig\u2019s statements would play in our human resources department,\u201d an unnamed Fox spokesman told
Will The Yankees' Patched-up Lineup Make The Playoffs? No one ever really thought the Yankees were going away. There were times when it looked dire -- the short-lived tenures of
Michigan, Notre Dame Rivalry Set To Make History At The Big House - In the first night game at Michigan Stadium in 2011, the Wolverines won in dramatic fashion 35-31. The teams combined for
GameDay Signs By Michigan Fans Tackle Te'o, Rudy And Inevitable Manziel-Miley Mashup (PHOTOS) For anyone wondering, Corso did also put on cap and handle livestock. As usual, there were a few pop culture references mixed
Tim Tebow Still Pursuing NFL Dream After Patriots Release, Shared Bible Verse And Thanked Team On Twitter Tim Tebow may be out of a job but his pursuit of a career in the NFL continues undaunted. Hours after it was first reported
Christion Jones Touchdown Hat Trick \It's every kid's dream to do something like that,\ Jones said after the Crimson Tide's 35-10 win, via The Associated Press
Liverpool Tops Manchester United 1-0 The rivalry between the two sides began to intensify as the game reached the hour mark, referee Andre Marriner issuing five
Arsenal Eges Tottenham 1-0 Villas-Boas will have been disappointed by his team's performance at both ends in the first half, with Andros Townsend the
Tim Tebow Released By Patriots CLICK HERE for official release Tebow signed with the Patriots in June, inking a two-year deal without any guaranteed money
Braxton Miller Touchdown Pass To Devin Smith Kicks Off Ohio State Season (VIDEO) This looks familiar. The Ohio State Buckeyes kicked off their football season almost in the exact same way as they did in
Fernando Rodney Locked In Bathroom At O.co Coliseum During Rays-A's Game (VIDEO) Rays closer Fernando Rodney had a tough time on Friday night trying to get out of the dugout bathroom at O.co Coliseum. ALSO
Brett Lawrie Barehanded Throw Blue Jays third baseman Brett Lawrie may have mistimed his jump on a high chopper hit by Royals slugger Billy Butler. But
Villanova Fake Punt Fools Boston College, ESPN Camera Crew, Leads to 47-Yard Touchdown (VIDEO) With BC expecting a punt, Villanova wide receiver Jamal Abdur-Rahman received the snap just a few yards off the line of scrimmage
Jermichael Finley First Pitch What is so difficult about throwing out the ceremonial first pitch? We can cut some slack for the celebrities out there giving
Bayern Munich Edges Chelsea 5-4 On Penalties In UEFA Super Cup (VIDEO/PHOTOS) The Chelsea defense appeared to have the 30-year-old under control as he ambled toward the box two minutes after the restart
Physical Education Trend Must Be Reversed It's mind-boggling that at a time when overweight and obesity levels are sky high among our young people, and physical activity levels are down, our schools are cutting physical education classes, recess and intramural sports programs.
Carlos Aviles Ejected For Hit On Defenseless Punt Returner During Indiana State-Indiana Game  (VIDEO) As a result of his ejection, Aviles will also sit out the first half of Indiana State's next game against Purdue. Aviles
Tiger Woods Live Blog, Deutsche Bank The superstar grouping of Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson and Adam Scott didn't disappoint Friday at the Deutsche Bank Championship
100 Hottest NFL Cheerleaders | Bleacher Report Bringing you the 100 Hottest Cheerleaders in the NFL has become an annual tradition for me. This is the third consecutive
Johnny Manziel Taunts Rice Players With Autograph, Money Counting Gestures (VIDEO/PHOTOS) After serving his half-game suspension, Manziel ran his mouth and the Aggies' offense with all the swagger that made him
Fantasy Football Running Back Rankings *List of sources consulted NFL.com's Preseason Top 200 Player Rankings Fantasy Sharks Top 200 (via USA Today) Fox Sports
Carlin Isles Playing Rugby Carlin Isles is an accomplished 23-year-old sprinter who is now turning heads on the rugby pitch instead of the track. Dubbed
Tiger Woods, Barclays Live Blog Playing with Tiger Woods -- who is five shots back after a 2-under 69 -- Kuchar fired a 6-under 65 that spanned two days
Yankees' Barren Farm System Not Something To Laugh About In a classic Seinfeld moment from 1996, George Steinbrenner visits the parents of George Costanza with the news that their
In This Draft, You Get To Take Your Pick Of Top Young Players And let's say it wasn't really close -- that your team has a lot more Astros or White Sox in them than Nationals. It's a
Mariano Rivera Sand Sculpture Yankees closer Mariano Rivera received another present before his final season in the major leagues comes to an end. Making
Ian Kinsler Hits Inside-The-Park Home Run During Rangers-White Sox Game (VIDEO) Without hitting it out of the park, Texas Rangers second baseman Ian Kinsler laced a line drive and put it in a perfect spot
Barclays Tee Times, Pairings For Third Round At Liberty National On Saturday 11:27 a.m.
Mike Shanahan \u201cWe have a team that you\u2019re going to be proud of,\u201d Shanahan told reporters \u201cThey have set the expectations
K.J. Choi, Greg Chalmers Both Shoot Hole-In-One At 14th Hole At The Barclays (VIDEOS) Choi and Chalmers made the cut on the number at even par, with Chalmers using the ace to move to 3 under, while Choi is still
Brian Urlacher RELATED
2013 Travers Stakes Odds, Post Positions, Start Time Here are the morning line odds and post positions for the 2013 Travers, via the New York Racing Association
Deion Sanders Jr.'s Meeting With Lil Wayne Being Investigated By SMU In fact, as Dallas Morning News' College Sports Blog points out, Sanders' dad, NFL Hall of Famer Deion Sanders, has said
Mike Tyson Admits He's 'Been Lying About Being Sober', That He's \u2018On The Verge Of Dying' (VIDEO) \I haven't drank or took drugs in six days, and for me that's a miracle. I've been lying to everybody else that think I was
Romelu Lukaku Joins Belgium Players To Watch Movie (VIDEO) After scoring 17 goals for West Brom while on loan from Chelsea last season, Romelu Lukaku is gearing up to take the field
Fox Sports 1 Debut Fox will certainly be pushing video as a priority and has signaled their moving to more fun blog content and away from news
Shaq Lip-Synching Adele Video Shaq lip-synching Adele? Shaq lip-synching Adele! O'Neal does not seem to be wishing the best for his snack. Not long before
Can SportsCenter Be Saved? In 2006, with nightly news ratings in the midst of a 30-year decline, CBS attempted a Hail Mary pass
Robin Van Perise Goal Van Persie would add a second goal in the second half as Manchester United went on to win 4-1. For several more angles on
Aston Villa Stun Arsenal They had the opportunity to take a deserved lead on the hour mark, as Koscielny's challenge on a breaking Agbonlahor in the
Michelle Jenneke Shares Start Photo On Instagram Russell Smelley, the head track and field coach at Westmont College in California, told The Huffington Post \there might
Vikings Training Camp 3. UNDER THE DOME
What Happens After 300 Carries? | National Football Post In the ten years spanning from 2002-2011, there were 77 instances in which an NFL running back amassed 300 or more carries
Mike Francesa Cuts Off Marriage Proposal Caller To Talk About A-Rod By Joe Lucia, Awful Announcing On Thursday during Mike Francesa's WFAN show, a fan named Moe called in to the show with the
Phachara Khongwatmai, 14, Becomes Youngest Golfer To Win Pro Event Khongwatmai is the latest teenager to steal headlines, as 19-year-old Jordan Spieth recently became the youngest player to
If A-Rod Plays Well What Will the Yankees Do? As Alex Rodriguez's return to the Yankees continues to be delayed the question of whether the aging superstar will ever play again has begun to loom. There are other questions surrounding Rodriguez as well.
Drugs in Baseball \Performance-enhancing\ or \History-erasing\?
AJ Green Injury ___ \It was (frightening) for me,\ Green said. \I felt it, but everything felt intact. I got up and walked off, so it's fine
Paul George Dunk \Miami gets back,\ Albert began as George attacked Norris Cole and Bosh on a 1-on-2 fastbreak. \And George in the face of
Dwight Freeney \I basically think the owners got together and decided not to spend the cash on free agents,\ Freeney explained. \I definitely
Jozy Altidore Goal Vs. Germany On a soccer field, it looks like this
Tim Beckham Dances Around Catcher To Score Run In Bulls-RailRiders Game (VIDEO) This highlight might haunt Scranton-Wilkes Barre RailRiders catcher Jeff Farnham for a little while. Tim Beckham of Triple
LeBron Flops Defending Paul George In Game 6 Against Pacers (VIDEO) LeBron still seems willing to pay the cost to \get the advantage.\ LeBron was recently fined $5,000 for violating the NBA's
The San Antonio Spurs The San Antonio Spurs are mostly a team of immigrants, playing for a city with many immigrants, and like the immigrant body itself -- seldom flashy, often underappreciated and often working under the radar -- the Spurs continue to persevere for their own sake whether America will have them or not.
Tim Tebow's Camp Reportedly Aware His NFL Career 'Probably' Over (Or Not) However, Mike Garafolo of USA TODAY Sports spoke to a person described as a member of Tebow's camp who \vehemently denied
Bob Costas on Being Commissioner, Changes Major League Baseball Needs and Race I decided to reach out to Costas and gauge his potential interest in being commissioner. I also wanted to know Costas' thoughts about possible changes he would make in baseball.
Sophia Minnaert, Brewers Reporter, Hit By Ball During Live Report (VIDEO) Before the third inning on Saturday, Minnaert was giving the Fox Sports Wisconsin audience her report when she was hit in
Everett Golson No Longer Enrolled At Notre Dame But Rees lacks the mobility that Kelly likes and struggled with turnovers as a starter two seasons ago. The other possibilities
Adam Goodes Calls Out Spectator's Racist Comment (VIDEO) During the game, a teenage spectator called Sydney Swans forward Adam Goodes-- who is Indigenous-- an \ape\ as he ran by
Juventus Wins Series A Title That near miss failed to lift the Bianconeri, though, and a wayward header from Pogba was the best they could muster before
Tiger Woods LIVE Scores, Updates Will Snedeker or Cabrera pull away to win his first major? Or will Tiger Woods rally back in the final found to win the green
Honoring the 30-Year Anniversary of Jimmy V and the Wolfpack's Improbable Ride The 1983 North Carolina Wolfpack created March Madness, coming from nowhere to win nine consecutive elimination games over a month period against a field of mostly heavily favored opponents.
Wichita State Win After years of toppling Goliaths in the NCAA Tournament, Gonzaga found itself on the wrong end of an upset. Wichita State
March Madness Syracuse helped add some luster back to the Big East as they defeated Cal 66-60. The game was never really in doubt with Cal not getting closer than six points in the second half and the Orange generally maintaining an 8-10 point lead much of he way.
Derrick Nix, Keith Appling Towel-Fight Over the next 12:45, the Spartans outscored the Tigers 27-16 and went on to win by 22 to advance to the Sweet 16. As the
Dunk City Rap Music Video After No. 15 seed Florida Gulf Coast University stunned No. 2 Georgetown in the second of the 2013 NCAA Tournament on Friday
Aaron Craft Shot No. 2 Ohio State advances to face No. 6 Arizona in the West Region. With the final seconds ticking off the clock in a tie
Roy Williams Marshall Henderson And Florida Gulf Coast Take Center Stage On NCAA Tournament Sunday 6) Beware of the Stretch Four Mr. Henderson may have gone a mere 6-21 against Wisconsin, but he still managed to dazzle us
Mitch McGary Screen Mitch McGary made quite an impression in Michigan's NCAA Tournament win over VCU on Saturday. Much of that impression was
Marshall Henderson Thrilled LeBron James Tweeted About Him Despite a slow start against Wisconsin, the Marshall Henderson Show made it to the weekend. The Ole Miss star shot the ball
UFC 158 All right, gang, we've been waiting far too long for this headlining fight to actually happen, so no need to waste any more time. Let's get right into it...
Keith Appling Dunk Leaves Melsahn Basabe Posterized, Gus Johnson Excited (VIDEO) WHAT! By Jose Martinez, Complex Sports Whether you're mentally ready for it or not, Gus Johnson is already in March Madness
Buzzer Beaters Nothing makes basketball fans and armchair bracketologists go mad in March quite like a buzzer beater. Whether the last-gasp
Sean Miller Rant RELATED
Southern Miss Buzzer Beater To the relief of those bubble teams across the country, No. 20 Memphis regained control of the game in the second overtime
Manchester City Loses To Everton 2-0 In Crushing Blow To Premier League Title Hopes (VIDEO) The visitors needed a response and Tevez and Dzeko \u2013 their biggest threats so far \u2013 fired just off target minutes later but
Fan Picks Nose Behind TNT Broadcast Crew, Winks At Camera (VIDEO) By Joe Lucia, Awful Announcing During Thursday's Trail Blazers-Knicks game on TNT, this fan sitting behind TNT's broadcast
Bubble Watch The Cavaliers arrived at the ACC Tournament likely needing at a least a win to break into the field of 68. But a loss to
Gareth Bale Goal Opens Tottenham Win Over Arsenal In North London Derby (VIDEO) Wenger went full throttle in search of at least one more goal. Tomas Rosicky replaced Carl Jenkinson as Aaron Ramsey slotted
Victor Valdes Red Card Rant And Perez Lasa claimed the 'keeper, who will leave Barcelona when his contract expires in 2014, kept on repeating
NFL Draft Preparation In the 2013 NFL Draft, sheer athletic talent will seduce several professional football coaches, general managers and owners into making a terribly expensive errors. At the highest level of competition in any sport, athletic skill is not enough.
Tiger Tracker Does Tiger Woods have more Sunday magic at PGA National? Can Luke Guthrie or Michael Thompson pick up their first PGA Tour
How LeBron James Won Back His Fans LeBron James' drive to win has helped the Heat to an impressive win streak, but it's his happiness on and off the court that has earned him other accolades. He's paving his own way now. And, as a result, we're finally warming up to LeBron.
Dennis Rodman The North Korean government is considered one of the world's most brutal, offering its people prison camps and mass starvations
The Sports Guy Breaks Down The Best Contracts In Basketball hen the Sacramento Kings were evaluated at $525 million recently, I wanted to stand up and applaud the 30 NBA owners like
Bruins-Canadiens Rivalry Continues Tonight -- No Love Lost 
Randy Moss Thanks 49ers In Tweet \Is he going to return this year? I don't know that yet,\ San Francisco general manager Trent Baalke said at the combine
In Defense of the World Baseball Classic The WBC is far from perfect, but it is also a lot of fun for many people and an opportunity to highlight one of baseball's biggest accomplishments in recent years.
New Rochelle Buzzer Beater Stuns Mt. Vernon (VIDEO) Swish. All of that happened in 2.9 seconds. The replay showed that Edney did let go of the ball with 0.1 seconds left on
Messi Goals 300, 301 For Barcelona Too Much For Granada (VIDEO) Follow GOAL.COM on Twitter. By Enis Koylu, Goal.com Lionel Messi scored his 300th and 301st Barcelona goals during his side's
LPGA Tracker The LPGA has found a spark, and she goes by the name of Lydia Ko. The 15-year-old isn't even a member of the tour, but she
Gerald Green 2013 Dunk Contest Video Here are the rest of the dunks from the 2013 NBA Slam Dunk Contest
Jeremy Evans Painting Dunk Jeremy Evans tried to add some high culture to his high-flying repertoire. After he vaulted over former Utah Jazz center
Terrence Ross Dunk Contest Video Whether or not Shaq knew him, Ross figures to have a lot more fans after this win. WATCH DUNKS ABOVE The 22-year-old rookie
Eric Bledsoe Dunk Contest Video The dunk was so electrifying that it left the TNT panel speechless at first. At least they didn't refer to Bledsoe as a member
Best Slam Dunk Contest Dunks Bracket Without further ado, here are eight* of the most iconic, powerful and acrobatic dunks in the uneven history of the slam dunk
Tony Romo, Matthew Stafford, Matt Ryan Romo has a tremendous amount of leverage in negotiations with the Cowboys because of his 2011 contract restructure and the
Bloody Cricket Bat Found At Oscar Pistorius' Home After Pistorius appeared in court on Friday, his family and management issued a statement saying \the alleged murder is disputed
Dreamcatcher Brandon O'Brien isn't your average NFL Draft hopeful. The 6'1\, 218 lb wide receiver served two tours of duty in Iraq before deciding to dedicate his post-Marine Corps life to getting a shot at playing professional football.
On Michael Jordan's 50th Birthday, The Search For The Next Airness Continues Michael Jordan turned 50 today, and while His Airness has been out of the game for a while, we're still looking for his replacement
Kobe Bryant Jokes About Vetoed Chris Paul Trade With Adorable Photo (TWEET) The \basketball reasons\ behind vetoing a trade that would have sent Chris Paul to the Lakers before last season might still
Oscar Pistorius Tried To Revive Reeva Steenkamp After Shooting \u200b\As the South African Police Service, we do not have a report based on those allegations. We only heard over the radio that
Dwight Howard, Rajon Rondo Trade Rumors Dwight Howard for Rajon Rondo? The Lakers and Celtics working together? Could this really happen? This report came just hours
Michael Jordan vs LeBron James \Russell has 11 rings and Jordan has six. Or I would take (seven-time NBA champion) Robert Horry over Kobe. I wouldn't do
Rahkeem Lehaman Dunk Last year's Slam Dunk Contest was as disappointing as they come. Tonight's contest is probably going to be better judging
Three-Point Shootout All-Time Bracket Joining Hodges and Bird are two-time winners Mark Price, Peja Stojakovic, Jeff Hornacek and Jason Kopono. Rounding out the
Worst NBA Slam Dunk Contest Moments In all their awkwardness, here are some of the biggest fails in the history of the dunk contest. Perhaps some of the cringe
Of All Things NBA All-Star 2013 This weekend is NBA Commissioner David Stern's last NBA All-Star Game where he will sit in the driver's seat in the same manner that astronaut Neil Armstrong sat in the commander's seat of Apollo 11.
Usain Bolt Dunk While the Celebrity Game during NBA All-Star Weekend isn't exactly the proving ground for all-time greats, it was still impressive
Oscar Pistorius, Reeva Steenkamp Were Planning Future Together, Says Uncle Of Olympic Star South African state broadcaster SABC will on Saturday evening air the first episode of a tropical island reality show featuring
NFL Offseason Arrives February 10th is the first of 30 Sundays until the 2013 NFL season kicks off in Baltimore on September 5. To ease you off
Tim Lincecum Haircut Lincecum hopes this is an overall change \u2014 mind, body and attire. \I wanted something different. Usually I'd take like six
Roosevelt Jones And Ben McLemore Had The Most Clutch Games Of 2012-2013 So Far While some people have complained about the lack of offense in NCAA Basketball this year, I don\u2019t think anyone can complain
Tiger Woods Nike 'Apologies' Commercial Showcases Covert Driver (VIDEO) \New Nike ad features Woods, Covert driver\ by Golf Channel Digital appears courtesy of Golf Channel Further Reading At GolfChannel.com
Martin Brodeur Falls The 40-year-old goalie, completely off-balanced, tried to keep himself from accidentally tapping the puck into his own net
Ronaldo Hat Trick vs. Sevilla Lifts Real Madrid To 4-1 Win (VIDEO) The Portuguese international struck his 20th career Madrid hat trick and assisted another, as los Blancos got back to winning
Line Up, Shut Up, and Maybe Mr. Jeter Will Sign TAMPA, Fla. \u2014 Shortly before noon Tuesday, a week before spring training was to begin, a Yankees employee named John Johnson
Condor Gets Loose At Hockey Arena During Bakersfield Condors Pre-Game (VIDEO) You may remember the Bakersfield Condors from previous publicity stunts like mocking the bankruptcy of an opponent's city
Blake Griffin Dunk WATCH
Lydia Ko Wins New Zealand Women's Open CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand \u2013 It was a remarkable display of poise and precision. Lydia Ko, the 15-year-old Kiwi who isn\u2019t
On Super Bowl Sunday, Nachos, Beer and Bashed Brains I can't get enough of the quarterback's soaring arc of a pass. But the price paid by brain-injured boys and teens, and by grown men reduced to the possibility of shuffling around with early-onset Alzheimer's, is a pretty bill to pay for couch-potato thrills.
Harbaugh Brothers \We had a thing in our family that was really interesting. It started a long time ago, way, way back at Iowa. Attack this
Super Bowl 2013 LIVE Updates, Score Of course, these Baltimore Ravens know a thing or two about defeating high-profile quarterbacks, having ended the seasons
Patriots Super Bowl Window Closing (But Perhaps Not As Fast As Critics Think) The younger players on the Patriots are less concerned with the team's relationship to the previous winning clubs and more
NHL Week In Review MVP goaltender Jonathan Quick let up 12 goals in his first four games after returning from offseason back surgery. Whatever
Boston Celtics There are 38 games remaining in the regular season and the Celtics will need to play better basketball without Rajon Rondo than they were playing with the All-Star point guard. That's not going to be easy.
Tiger Woods Leads Farmers Insurance Open At Torrey Pines After Three Rounds By Sean Martin, Golfweek SAN DIEGO \u2013 Torrey Pines may be Tiger Woods\u2019 territory, but he hasn\u2019t won here since 2008. His performance
Tiger Tracker SAN DIEGO -- In a year that has already featured a Tuesday finish, we are likely looking at a Monday finish this week - again
Ronaldo Hat Trick vs Getafe Lifts Real Madrid To 4-0 Win (VIDEO) Within three minutes of that goal Ronaldo then added Madrid's third. The Portuguese attacker's 20th league goal of the season
Ray Allen Boston Return Later when Allen first checked into the game late in the first quarter, those cheers quickly turned back to boos. Fans of
Messi's Four Goals vs Osasuna Lift Barcelona To 5-1 Win (VIDEO) By Keeghann Sinanan, Goal.com Lionel Messi was in completely unstoppable form, scoring four times as Barcelona demolished
Paul Pierce Learns Rajon Rondo Tore ACL During Interview, Is Not Pleased (VIDEO) \We just got to rally around each other. I feel for him. He was having such a great season, making the All-Star team. It's
Obama On Football Head Injuries For the full interview with Obama, head over to The New Republic. Among the more frightening college football incidents in
49ers Reach Super Bowl After Defeating Falcons In NFC Championship Game, 28-24 (PHOTOS) STORY CONTINUES BELOW The 49ers would shut out the Falcons in the second half as they came from behind to punch their ticket
Manti Te'o Hoax NMA Video By Matt Yoder, Awful Announcing A story only reaches the big time once it is immortalized by the fine folks at Next Media
Barcelona Loses To Real Sociedad 3-2 [www.online-soccer.ru] Real Sociedad 3-2... by all-goals Lionel Messi scored for a record 10th game in a row when he opened
Lance Armstrong Is this the biggest sports scandal since the 1919 Chicago Black Sox threw the World Series? Oh, it's bigger than any sports story. These lies rank up there with Richard Nixon and the Watergate Scandal.
49ers vs. Falcons LIVE Stay tuned for live updates throughout the game
Patrios vs. Ravens LIVE UPDATES \It's a chess match, because he understands every coverage, he understands every defense,\ Lewis said about Brady's ability
Security Guard, Julio Jones Collide During NFC Championship Game In Atlanta (VIDEO/GIF) Not only was Julio Jones dominating the San Francisco 49ers during the first quarter of the NFC Championship Game, but he
Lance Armstrong Quotes What do you think? Even if he was telling the truth, is it too late to win back public support? \I viewed this situation
NFL Divisional Playoffs 2013 By Eric Edholm, Pro Football Weekly Putting the mild-card weekend firmly in the rearview mirror, it\u2019s hard to not think this
Magic Johnson Johnson's proclamation is just the latest in a series of statements on his former team. After watching the Spurs deal the
Notre Dame Will Beat Alabama in BCS Title Game For college football fans, it doesn't get much better than a tilt like this. Alabama is trying to win its third national title in four years -- and become the first program to do so since Nebraska in the mid '90s -- while Notre Dame has proved that painting gold on your helmets before every game isn't sacrilegious.
AFC Wild Card Preview Ray Lewis' swan song postseason starts off with a battle of the wits against Colts quarterback Andrew Luck. Both players have a tremendous ability to read the opponent's alignments before the snap. Whichever can fool the other most often will give their unit a major advantage.
NFC Wild Card Preview The Redskins' offense has been a powerhouse at times this season, but the unit opens the playoffs against the defense perhaps best suited to stop it. And the Redskins' defense is at its worst when defending against the type of things the Seahawks are capable of doing best.
Ravens, Colts Matchup It should be noted that the Ravens' coverage units have some challenges of their own, what with the Colts having returned
Wild Card LIVE Updates In the second game of the day, it's all about beginnings rather than endings. Rookie quarterbacks RG3 and Russell Wilson
Chandler Williams Dead CHICAGO (AP) \u2014 Arena Football League player Chandler Williams has died. He was 27. The AFL said Sunday that Williams died
Redskins vs. Seahawks LIVE Updates These dual-threat rookie quarterbacks will face off in the Wild Card weekend finale when Wilson leads the 11-5 Seahawks into
Packers vs. Vikings LIVE Updates Thankfully for the Vikings, Peterson's numbers are a bit more impressive, especially against the Packers. Peterson racked
Chuck Pagano Letter Pagano's playoff debut with the Colts will come in front of another fan base with whom he has a strong bond. Pagano returns
Divisional Round Point Spreads After posting a somewhat uninspiring 19-13 win over the Cincinnati Bengals on Saturday afternoon, the Houston Texans opened
Royce White Suspended By Rockets For 'Refusing To Provide Services' Required By Contract HOUSTON (AP) \u2014 The Houston Rockets have suspended first-round pick Royce White for \refusing to provide services\ required
Ray Lewis Introduction Dance (H/T @Diehardsport) If this Baltimore Ravens' playoff run is Ray Lewis' \last ride\ in the NFL then this may have been his
Johnny Manziel Touchdown On the opening drive of the Cotton Bowl, the Oklahoma Sooners defense didn't seem like they were ready. Not for a high-profile
Lance Armstrong Said To Weigh Admission Of Doping Lance Armstrong, who this fall was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles for doping and barred for life from competing
Joe Webb To Start For Vikings According to Jay Glazer of FOX Sports, the confusion even permeated the Vikings' locker room in the hours before the game
Johnny Manziel And His Fast-Growing Legend Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel made the 11th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners look like a high school team. He dazzled, danced and scrambled in the pocket as if he were playing 7-7 pickup football in the summer.
Kobe Bryant Dunk \u201cThey\u2019re very spectacular. They\u2019re fun to watch. There\u2019s no question about it,\u201d Bryant added, as he talked about this \Lob
RG3 Pranks Mike Shanahan During Press Conference (VIDEO) Shanahan responds \I tried to put a good game plan together, but I wasn't sure how healthy you were, so it was hard without
NFL Wild Card Live Updates STAY TUNED FOR LIVE UPDATES ALL DAY LONG Even without Matt Schaub -- who was injured last year and is actually making his
Chuck Pagano Returns \I feel great, my weight is back, my energy is back and again, it's just a blessing to be back here,\ Pagano told reporters
J.J. Watt Tweets Picture With Newtown Students (PHOTO) Texans linebacker J.J. Watt recently tweeted a photo of himself with some young guests at Reliant Stadium. On Friday, the
Theo Walcott Hat Trick Lifts Arsenal Over Newcastle (VIDEO) In a a cagey, one-paced opening period, it was Walcott who provided the spark and energy in Arsenal\u2019s play. As his contract
Mark Sanchez Pick Six For those who prefer their Jets fails as GIFs, here you go
Deji Karim Return Touchdown One hundred and one yards later, the Colts were back in front, 20-16. They wouldn't surrender the lead en route to a 28-16
Bowl Games 2012-2013 Northwestern
Our 25 Favorite Sports GIFs Of 2012 GIFs are one of the Internet's most polarizing elements; not only is there debate over the image format's utility (or, as
Shark Eats Shark If you're wondering why the sharks' eyes are white, many sharks have a membrane that protects their eyes when they go in
Fans, Families and Banning the 'F-Bomb' Supporter culture may be the next marketing tool for the men charged with growing soccer. That however brings a problem for administrators still rooted to the core mission of attracting a family audience -- we're vulgar and we're potty-mouthed.
Twas The Night Before Knicksmas Twas the night before Knicksmas, when all through the Garden\nNot a big man was stirring, not even Rasheed.\nThe high tops were laced by the lockers with care,\nIn hopes that St. Knick soon would be there.
G-Men's Journey From Champs to Chumps Eight point five percent. Just seven weeks after they beat the Cowboys in Dallas and confirmed their third consecutive 6
49ers Trying To 'Regroup, Refit And Reorganize' After Blowout Loss To Seahawks ___ Beat up and down, San Francisco's 42-13 blowout loss at Seattle cost the 49ers (10-4-1) more than just a game. They have
Knicks Orange Uniforms Wearing two orange arms sleeves, an orange headband and a pair of orange socks along with his tangerine Adidas issue, Melo
Alabama Christmas Tickets While countless fathers around the world dutifully ooh'd and ahh'd as they unwrapped neckties and box sets of History Channel
College Bowl Games Is anyone anxiously waiting for the Belk Bowl between Duke (6-6) and Cincinnati (9-3) on December 27? What about the Meineke
Adam Hayward Shoves Bryan Cox (H/T to The Big Lead) Things haven't been going well for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers lately and the frustration seemed to boil
Danny Amendola Spike Fail As the Rams attempted to mount a rally later in the quarter, Amendola must have heard about what happened. He got back into
Arizona Players Fight On Sideline (H/T to The Big Lead) Perhaps the sideline scuffle sparked something for the Wildcats as they bounced back scoring 21 straight
Tommy Tuberville Grilled By Dan Patrick Over Texas Tech Departure (VIDEO) Tuberville appeared on The Dan Patrick Show on Thursday and Patrick pressed the coach on those reports and college coaches
Heat Pay Tribute To Newtown Shooting Victims James also paid tribute to the victims in his own way, writing \Newtown, CT\ on his shoes. Kevin Durant did the same before
Knowshon Moreno Hurdles Ed Reed In Broncos-Ravens Game (GIF) Ed Reed has been on the winning end of countless memorable confrontations during his lengthy career with the Baltimore Ravens
Packers, Bears Matchup Follow me on Twitter
Salary Cap Kings By Joel Corry, National Football Post The largest salary cap numbers can be a pretty good indicator for how NFL teams value
LeBron James, Chris Kluwe, Nick Symmonds Among Athletes Reacting To Newtown Shooting CLICK HERE to learn how to help those impacted by the shooting. ESPN posted an image on Front Row, its PR portal, of a flag
Why Can't the NFL Stop Its Players From Driving Drunk? Can we stop National Football League players from continuing to drive drunk and killing people?  I ask this question in light of the news that Dallas Cowboys nose tackle Josh Brent has been arrested for allegedly causing the death of his teammate and friend Jerry Brown.
Brian Okam Free Throw WATCH VIDEO ABOVE Before Appalachian State's 70-64 loss to Western Carolina on Saturday, the school's athletic program may
Messi Goals Record It took Muller just 60 appearances to set the previous record in 1972. Follow @GoalUSA on Twitter. Muller was also boosted
Jets Quarterback Debate Which side are you on? Did either argument change your mind? But that's the latest indignity suffered by the New York Jets
RG3 Injury \I'm not a doctor, but I know what an ACL feels like. It doesn't feel like an ACL,\ he said after the game, via CSN Washington
Johnny Manziel Wins Heisman Trophy Manziel tallied 2,029 points and 474 first place votes to join the exclusive fraternity of players to hoist the stiff-arm
Rick Majerus Dead Majerus took a leave of absence from St. Louis in August 2012 due to an ongoing serious heart condition, which has prevented
Landon Donovan Penalty Kick The Galaxy then had another great chance in the 20th minute, with Beckham serving a pinpoint free kick from the right to
Rasheed Wallace Ejected From Knicks-Suns Game After Yelling 'Ball Don't Lie' (VIDEO) Wallace was hit with a first technical for a hard foul on Luis Scola. He tried pleading with the referees but to no avail
BCS Bowl Projections Jan. 1 Orange
Greg McElroy Replaces Mark Sanchez, Throws Touchdown To Jeff Cumberland (VIDEO) WATCH VIDEO ABOVE The former Alabama signal caller didn't disappoint on his first drive. With help from a late hit penalty
Keegan Bradley Heckled By Golfweek Staff, Golfweek On Saturday, Keegan Bradley says that he was heckled by a fan off the 18th green at the end of
The 20 Best Sports GIFs Of November In the world of sports, GIFs have found a home. Given the attention span of people today, the Graphics Interchange Format
Taylor Martinez Touchdown Trailing 14-0 with not even five minutes off the game clock, the Cornhuskers faced a 3rd and 11 back at their own 24-yard
Keeping Score When Marvin Miller, the groundbreaking leader of the Major League Baseball Players Association, died last week, it led to
Tiger Woods LIVE Graeme McDowell is in the driver's seat heading into Sunday's final round at the Tiger Woods World Challenge, but will have
Alabama vs. Georgia \For either one of these teams, it's not really a great scenario. You play your way into the championship game, which means
Script on Murray to Be Determined by Championship Play When No. 2 Alabama and No. 3 Georgia take the field for the SEC Championship game Saturday, the noise will be deafening. But the uproar has already begun, with a swarm of coverage that has transformed a conference championship into a playoff for the national title.
Baseball Players Union Should Demand While he was alive, the baseball establishment rejected Marvin Miller five times from its Hall of Fame. The Major League Baseball Players Association, which Miller headed from 1966 to 1983, sat on its hands, failing to raise a stink about this outrageous miscarriage of justice.
Alabama vs. Georgia LIVE UPDATES The 2012 SEC Championship Game features two teams with national title aspirations
Jovan Belcher Dies In Murder-Suicide Tony Richardson, a fullback who played for Kansas City for 11 seasons, told USA Today that he was shocked by the news. \People
The Crimson Tide Will Pummel Georgia Poking the bear Alabama's Nick Saban is a proven big game coach and has three BCS National Championships to prove it. What
Real Madrid Loses To Real Betis, 1-0 Jose Mourinho made one change to the side that played out a 1-1 draw at Manchester City midweek, with Mesut Ozil stepping
NFL Week 12 Blitz By Dan Pompei, National Football Post With a young team, there will be ups and downs. So Fisher, in his 18th year as an NFL
Rafael Benitez Booed By Chelsea Fans, Who Pay Tribute To Roberto Di Matteo In 16th Minute Follow @GoalUSA on Twitter Benitez had a fractious relationship with Chelsea when his Liverpool team sparred with the Stamford
BCS Bowl Projections ACC = Orange; Big Ten = Rose; Big 12 = Fiesta; Pac-12 = Rose; SEC = Sugar I will revisit these projections one more time
Rory McIlroy Wins DP World Tour Championship In Dubai To Cap European Season \u201cThe response from our leading players to this change has been extremely encouraging and we take confidence from their support
Sprinklers Turn On During Dolphins-Seahawks Game (VIDEO) The game was briefly delayed as players dried themselves off. Late in the third quarter, with Seattle leading 14-7, the sprinklers
Notre Dame vs. USC LIVE UPDATES STAY TUNED FOR LIVE UPDATES THROUGHOUT THE GAME If the preseason No. 1 upsets the current No. 1 ranked team in Week 13, then
Michigan, Ohio State Rivalry Back when Hayes' Buckeyes were battling Schembechler's Wolverines in the national spotlight, the Ohio State coach famously
Notre Dame, USC Rivalry \We're going to win this ballgame,\ Max Wittek, the Trojans' confident but green (but not in a green jersey way) quarterback
Michigan, Ohio State Pregame Even though both teams are usually fired up before the annual rivalry matchup, perhaps the players were fueled by Ohio State
Notre Dame Football However, these teams are drastically different from those in years past. Perhaps the biggest difference is in Notre Dame's
Week 13 College Football Live Keep it locked right here as we bring you live Week 13 college football coverage! Updates will load automatically - no need
Blake Griffin Blocks Deron Williams In Clippers-Nets Game Blake Griffin wants to have all the fun. The high-flying Clippers' forward used some of his explosive athleticism at the
Johnny Manziel Extra Point Johnny \Football\ Manziel can do a lot on the football field. Just ask Alabama. But it turns out that kicking is not included
Les Miles Press Conference Footage courtesy of WAFB\u2019s Jacques Doucet via YouTube Email dave.miller@nationalfootballpost.com or follow me on Twitter
Davis Cup 2012 The thing is, as soon as anyone starts thinking such thoughts about Almagro, he starts missing shots by half a foot. Stepanek
A.J. Green Touchdown The Kansas City Chiefs can look at the game film all the want this week. But they may never be able to figure out what more
Tommy Tuberville Slaps Assistant Kevin Oliver During Texas Tech-Kansas Game (VIDEO/GIF) Tuberville smacked Oliver upside the head, knocking of his headset and hat faster than you can say \gif.\ (H/T to The Big
Jacoby Jones Kickoff Return Touchdown Jacoby Jones capped a record-setting day for the Baltimore Ravens with a kickoff return touchdown. With the Ravens already
Mike Brown Firing The Lakers have always been a unique franchise owned by unique owners. Jerry Buss is 78 and wants to spend his last years watching the type of basketball that he and his fans love. Get ready for some SHOWTIME!
Marquess Wilson Accuses Mike Leach, Washingon State Coaches Of Abuse, Leaves Football Team \u201cMy teammates and I have endured this treatment all season long. It is not \u201ctough love\u201d. It is abuse. This abuse cannot be
Trindon Holliday Punt Return Touchdown UPDATE
Johnny 'Football' Touchdown Taking the snap in the shotgun formation in a 3rd-and-goal situation at Bama's 10-yard line, Manziel (yes, his surname isn't
Phil Jackson, Lakers Rumors Swirling The possibility seemed stronger on Saturday when the Los Angeles Times reported that the Lakers and Jackson planned on meeting
Alabama vs. Texas A&M Can Kevin Sumlin's squad pull the upset? Let's take a look at what the Aggies have to do to pull the upset... By Dave Miller
Los Angeles Lakers Fire Mike Brown According to Elias (via Ken Berger of CBS), Brown is the first NBA coach to be fired after five games or less into a season
Best Athlete Tweets Of The Week The presidential election was far and away the most tweeted about event among athletes this week, with players from both
NYC Marathon Canceled But Man Still Proposes At Finish Line [PHOTOS] \This is my fiance,\ said Vahaba, 31, who had tears running down her face as she stood in Central Park where the race would
Scholastic Chess at the Cosmos Club It was all about chess at the Cosmos Club in Washington, D.C. on October 20. The Big Chair Chess Club, 20 children and seven adults, came from Anacostia to play against chess enthusiasts of the Cosmos Club.
NFL Week 8 Blitz Tannehill\u2019s stock rose late in the draft process mostly because of the need at his position. He might have gone to the perfect
DeAngelo Hall Ejected \I'm not going to discuss that particular play. I've got a meeting set up with Commissioner Goodell on Monday. Me and him
World Series Jack Morris reflects on his World Series triumphs with the 1984 Tigers, 1991 Twins, 1992 and '93 Blue Jays The word team
Tiger Woods LIVE But it was what happened over the next 120 minutes that ripped it away from him. KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia -- Tiger Woods seemingly
World Series Game 4 LIVE BLOG, UPDATES SCROLL DOWN FOR LIVE UPDATES DURING GAME 4 The American League champion Detroit Tigers are entrusting their comeback hopes
De'Anthony Thomas Punt Return Touchdown Once Thomas avoided another defender near the 20, he made one sidestep move, burst through a hole and sprinted down the left
Notre Dame's Keys To Victory At Oklahoma Notre Dame takes its stingy defense, allowing just 9.4 points per game, into Norman on Saturday night to battle Oklahoma
David Stern, NBA Commissioner, Says Obama's 'Not That Good' At Basketball (VIDEO) \He's not that good.\ Stern told Reuters TV's Robert Wolf. \He's a lefty -- he goes the same way every time.\ David Stern
Tiger Woods Tracker KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia -- It wasn't necessarily pretty at times, but Tiger Woods managed to keep himself in contention on
Remembering a Football Game That Made History When No. 5 Notre Dame and No. 8 Oklahoma face off in Norman, Okla., Saturday, none of the more than 82,000 spectators will be rooting harder for the Sooners, or with a greater sense of the storied rivalry between the two football powerhouses, than Jakie Sandefer.
The Irish Won't Have Enough Fight to Beat OU You know it's a big game when you are a program with as storied a history as that of the Oklahoma Sooners and people are referring to Saturday's game as one of the biggest non-conference games in school history.
Notre Dame Will Upset the Sooners on the Road The Sooners are being billed as an absolute offensive juggernaut. While I find their offense to be very formidable, I don't believe that Oklahoma has faced a defense as good as Notre Dame's.
Miami-Florida State Fan Runs On Field During Play (VIDEO) Generally sports broadcasters ignore fans who run onto the field during games, perhaps hoping not to encourage copycats. However
NFL's Monday Night Football The Detroit Lions hope that they won't need fourth quarter heroics to win two in a row and narrow the gap between themselves and the division-leading Chicago Bears. They could be hoping in vain.
Joseph Morgan Touchdown The score tied the game at 21 and was Brees' third touchdown pass of the first half. He added another just minutes later
Victor Cruz Touchdown Catch From Eli Manning Lifts Giants Over Redskins (VIDEO) \With our offense with Eli at the helm, we're never too worried,\ Cruz said. \We know that no matter what situation wer'e
NFL Week 7 Schedule 2. Mark Sanchez vs. Patriots\u2019 safeties
Messi Hat Trick Follow @GoalUSA on Twitter. By Charlie Scott, Goal.com Barcelona\u00a0made it 12 matches unbeaten in La Liga with a victory over
Greg Little Touchdown Browns receiver Greg Little was nearly benched earlier in the season for dropping the football too many times. But he may
Samantha Steele, Christian Ponder Dating Vikings quarterback Christian Ponder is having himself quite the breakout 2012 in Minnesota. ESPN sideline reporter Samantha
A Six-Pack of Questions for NASCAR Driver Julia Landauer \Many people also don't realize how much of a business racing is. Any driver is essentially a startup company, trying to raise the funds to develop the product, which is the driver and their results.\
NFL Schedule Week 6 5. RGIII vs. Vikings\u2019 Cover 2
Football Season Means ACL Tears Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tears are one of the more common injuries to the knee, and the incidence of such tears is even greater in high-demand athletes. Unfortunately, football stars Darrelle Revis of the New York Jets and Brian Cushing of the Texans can attest to this firsthand.
Raul Ibanez Home Run He did it again. Raul Ibanez hit another game-tying, ninth inning home run, continuing his emergence as an unlikely October
Nate McLouth Home Run or Foul Ball? Orioles, Yankees Game Includes Controversial Call (VIDEO) TBS sent Craig Sager out into the stands in the second deck at Yankee Stadium for opinions from those with the best view
Sunday Times Lance Armstrong Lawsuit WASHINGTON Oct 12 (Reuters) - London's Sunday Times said it may take legal action against cyclist Lance Armstrong, including
Anthony Wayne Smith, Former NFL Player, Ordered To Stand Trial For 4 Murders The cases will be combined into a single trial. They include special circumstances allegations that make Smith eligible for
Drew Storen Death Threats One disgruntled fan went as far as to create a @Die_storen Twitter account and fired off a sequence of hateful messages. WARNING
Cardinals Stun Nationals, 9-7 \We know they are going to keep battling. But we were in good position,\ Nationals manager Davey Johnson told reporters after
College Football Schedule, Matchups USC at Washington
Willie Cauley-Stein Dunk During the 2012 Kentucky Midnight Madness last night, Willie Cauley-Stein threw it down on his fellow Wildcats teammate, Nerlens
NCAA College Football Scores, Results College Football Scoreboard October 9, 2012 to October 15, 2012 All FBS (I-A) Results Read more on ESPN.com
Nathan Scheelhaase High-Five Denied The way it worked out, however, didn't necessarily leave him seeming any more dignified than his bumbling peers. With the
NFL Week 5 Blitz The flip side of the no huddle is it can wear out its own defense. If a team\u2019s no huddle doesn\u2019t click, it gives the ball
Barcelona, Real Madrid Draw 2-2 In 'Clasico' As Messi, Ronaldo Score Two Goals Each (VIDEO) But a brace from Messi, including a sumptuous second-half free kick, put the Blaugrana in the driving seat. However, the
Federer Arrives at Shanghai Rolex Masters Amid Controversy \Maybe it's a little bit of a distraction, there's no doubt about it.\u00a0But you have to be aware of what's happening around you,\ explained Federer, who was threatened in an online chat room by an anonymous netizen.
Ohio State University Marching Band Performs Tribute To Video Games During Buckeyes Halftime (VIDEO) (via Reddit) The video was posted to YouTube on Oct. 7 by user \handmrow gobucks,\ who has also recorded past halftime performances
Reggie Wayne One-Handed Catch Although this catch by Reggie Wayne during the second quarter will be rightfully overshadowed by the Colts' comeback that
Robert Griffin III Injury Washington's other rookie quarterback, fourth-round pick out of Michigan State Kirk Cousins, replaced Griffin on the Redskins
Matt Cassel, Scott Pioli Ripped By Chiefs Fan's Plane Flying Over Arrowhead Stadium Click over CBS Sports to see a picture of the banner. \There\u2019s some passion behind that message,\ Corey Leuwerki, a pilot
Movie Review When Lithuania regained its independence, Sarunas Marciulionis decided to put together a basketball team. Unfortunately the country was bankrupt and funding was an issue. As luck -- or fate -- would have it, The Grateful Dead were big fans of basketball.
Barcelona Vs Real Madrid LIVE Commentary When Madrid plays Barcelona, the world stops,\ the Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho said earlier this month. Well, I'm delighted
Infield Fly Rule Controversy What initially looked to be a tremendous break for the Braves, who appeared to have loaded the bases with just one out in
Michael Wilbon Apology I am quick to tell people in the sports industry when it is necessary to see the errors of their ways, and it's necessary
College Football Week 6 Schedule Email dave.miller@nationalfootballpost.com or follow me on Twitter at Miller_Dave X-Factor
Notre Dame, Miami Rivalry Dubbed 'Catholics Vs. Convicts' Through The Years Notre Dame had embarassed Miami from 1971 through 1980, winning 10 straight games by an average margin of 23 points. However
Oakland Athletics Vs. Detroit Tigers Game 1 of the American League Divisional Series between the AL West champion Oakland Athletics and Central Division champion
NCAA College Football Scores For Week 6 Read more on ESPN.com Week 6 October 2, 2012 to October 8, 2012 All FBS (I-A) Scores College Football Scoreboard
NFL Week 4 Blitz Hot Reads Weatherspoon is a perfect example of a player who seems to be moving faster this year, playing to his full athleticism
Ryder Cup LIVE MEDINAH, Ill. -- The formula is simple on Ryder Cup Sunday. The U.S. needs 4.5 points to win, the Europeans need to win 8
Ryder Cup 2012 After Tiger Woods and Francesco Molinari halved the final point of the tournament, Europe retained the Ryder Cup, with an
Ryder Cup 2012 Day 2 Notebook Watson encouraged the fans to cheer, and so did Poulter as the Englishman stepped over his tee ball. The roars escalated
Ryder Cup 2012 It wasn\u2019t enough for victory, though. Woods\u2019 ball settled 4 feet from the 17th hole, but Luke Donald hit his tee shot even
Jake Locker Injury The Tennessee Titans did not get off to a fast start against the Houston Texans and suffered an injury that could keep them
Rory McIlroy Late To Ryder Cup Singles Match Over Time Zone Confusion (VIDEO) With a smile on his face, McIlroy told Sands that he blamed Golf Channel for his late arrival because he kept hearing that
Jamaal Charles Touchdown Struggling mightily before the touchdown, Charles had four carries for one yard and two fumbles lost before he took this
Tim Tebow Pass It took until Week 4 for the New York Jets coaches to allow Tim Tebow to throw a pass. Based on the outcome of that play
Ryder Cup Sky Writing The U.S. Team may have had the more impressive performance on the ground during the early sessions of the 2012 Ryder Cup
Ohio State vs. Michigan State Debate The top teams in the Big Ten meet in a marquee battle that lured ESPN's \College GameDay\ to East Lansing. We've invited
Thomas DeCoud Meow Game DeCoud, for his part, has yet to comment on it via Twitter as of meow. He then goes on to say it thirteen more times, including
Ryder Cup 2012 Day 1 Notebook TEMPER THAT ENTHUSIASM
Urban Meyer's Buckeyes Will Come Up Big Against Michigan State If the Buckeyes can contain the Spartan ground game and force them to pass, it could be a long day for Michigan State.
Chelsea Tops Arsenal 1-2 Follow @GoalUSA on Twitter. Chelsea was indebted to Cech, thereafter, who preserved their advantage when he reacted splendidly
Homer Bailey No-Hitter CLICK HERE to watch Bailey's final out at MLB.com Cincinnati pitcher Homer Bailey pitched a no-hitter against the Bucs in
Arsenal vs Chelsea LIVE SCORE, UPDATES Despite the losses, both teams have started the campaign strong. With an attacking trio of Fernando Torres, Eden Hazard and
Ryder Cup LIVE With the United States holding a 5-3 advantage of its European counterparts in the 2012 Ryder Cup, the fans are flowing into
Spartan GameDay vs the Buckeyes In all honesty, the story of this game really boils down to whether or not the Spartan receiving corps can catch.
Ryder Cup 2012 Mickelson is one match from having his first spotless Ryder Cup since his 1995 debut, when he went 3-0. The Americans\u2019 successful
Iowa Flea Flicker Iowa had a 24-0 lead at halftime but Minnesota got on the board in the third quarter with Max Shortell's 9-yard touchdown
Kevin Garnett, Ray Allen Not Talking? KG Says He Doesn't Have Former Teammate's Number (VIDEO) \I choose not to [communicate with him]. That\u2019s a choice I personally made,\ Garnett said. \I\u2019m very close to Ray, I know
NCAA College Football Scores And Results College Football Scoreboard September 25, 2012 to October 1, 2012 Latest Scores For All FBS (1-A) Games Read more on ESPN
31 New Tommy John Surgeries in MLB An astounding 31 major league pitchers underwent Tommy John surgery in 2012. The repetitive demands of pitching and the nature of the motion itself -- particularly the acceleration phase -- are the primary culprits.
Giants Win, Magic Number Is Two The Giants are close to clinching the National League West division.  The 5-1 victory over the San Diego Padres brings them closer to returning back to the postseason.
Buster Posey Back on the Rise Posey is a front runner for the league MVP award and was named the recipient of the 2012 Willie Mac award. \It was a unanimous decision,\ said Giants manager Bruce Bochy.
NFP Week 3 Blitz One front office man said his team is fine with 5-10 corners as long as the player has long arms. Having long arms enable
Mohamed Sanu Touchdown Pass To A.J. Green WATCH VIDEO ABOVE Cincinnati pulled off an incredible trick play on the first play of the game against Washington that not
Kevin Ogletree Trips On Hat Of Replacement Referee During Cowboys-Buccaneers Game (VIDEO) The replacement refs continued to make headlines for the wrong reasons in Week 3. It was unclear whether the play would have
Lions Hail Mary When one game contains a successful \miracle\ and a completed \Hail Mary\ then you know it was a lot of fun. Young sent the
What It's Like to Fly With the Blue Angels Fighting off the G forces is a lot of work, quite frankly, especially when you don't have the controls in your cockpit.  Two Face does his best to give me a heads up with calls like \Let's get some...  here we go!\
Manchester United Defeat Liverpool, 2-1 Buoyed by a rousing rendition of \u2018You\u2019ll Never Walk Alone\u2019 in memory of the 96 football fans who died at Hillsborough 23
Tiger Woods, Vijay Singh, Phil Mickelson Turn Back Clock At BMW Championship Regardless of what happens today, consider it three-for-three, because if you like your playoff stage to showcase the best
Chris Berman, ESPN Agree On Multi-Year Contract Extension By Matt Yoder, Awful Announcing Chris Berman will be rumbling, bumbling, and stumbling his way through your television sets
NFL Week 1 Schedule Follow me on Twitter
Tiger Woods LIVE UPDATES During Round 4 At BMW Championship CARMEL, Ind. -- This should be great. Tiger Woods will start the final round on Sunday three shots behind Vijay Singh and
Vernon Davis Touchdown Celebration Fail WATCH VIDEO ABOVE Coming out of the University of Maryland in 2006, Vernon Davis turned in one of the most impressive performances
Robert Griffin III Touchdown Ladies and gentlemen, meet Robert Griffin III. It was the longest offensive touchdown for the Redskins since 1987. The No
Donte' Stallworth Cut, Tweets At Willis McGahee The New England Patriots trimmed their roster to get to the 53-man limit, cutting some of quarterback Tom Brady's buddies
U.S. Open Results By Peter Bodo, Tennis.com NEW YORK -- For all practical purposes the match was over, although you could almost have made
Boise State Cheerleader Trampled BSU, Michigan State Football Players (VIDEO) By Jose Martinez, Complex Sports These last few days of college football action have been memorable ones. First, we had the
Tiger Woods LIVE Tracker During Round 3 At Deutsche Bank Championship NORTON, Mass. -- Tiger Woods was a birdie at the par-5 18th away from being paired with Rory McIlroy in Sunday's third round
Usain Bolt, Jamaica Win 4x100-Meter Relay Gold Medal, Set World Record (PHOTOS) STORY CONTINUES BELOW Bolt received the baton from teammate Yohan Blake and then left behind Ryan Bailey of the United States
Mexico Defeats Brazil To Win Olympic Gold Medal In Men's Soccer (VIDEO/PHOTOS) After that miss, all that was left was the celebration for Mexico. It didn't take long for Mexico to turn that line of thinking
BMX Olympics PHOTOS BMX racing may not be one of the most popular events scheduled at the London Olympics, but the high-flying jumps and speedy
Brazil vs. Mexico LIVE \It's our third chance to win this gold and hopefully we will learn the lessons from the other finals we played and didn't
Tiger Woods LIVE UPDATES KIAWAH ISLAND, S.C. -- The names atop the leaderboard at the 94th PGA Championship is a blast from the past, with plenty
Spain Vs. Italy LIVE Score, Updates Although Spain needed a penalty shootout to edge Iberian rivals Portugal in one semifinal, they arrive in Kiev flush with
Aldon Smith Stabbed Report More from the Associated Press
Beau Hossler Stars At U.S. Open By Nick Masuda, Golfweek SAN FRANCISCO \u2013 Beau Hossler walked down the second fairway at Olympic Club, suddenly surrounded
U.S. Open Round 3 Tee Times, Pairings 1:25 p.m.
U.S. Open Round 3 LIVE SAN FRANCISCO -- It's going to be a long day of anticipation at the Olympic Club on Saturday, with three-time champ Tiger
Heat vs. Celtics LIVE Miami Heat vs. Boston Celtics Eastern Conference Finals Game 7 American Airlines Arena, Miami, Fla. 8:30 p.m. ET Few expected
Germany Vs Portugal Portugal coach Paulo Bento should recall new Valencia signing Joao Pereira to the starting XI in place of Miguel Lopes at
Eurotrip 2012 - Day 1 The first day is in the books on KicKTV's Euro Trip 2012 or, as I like to call it, \Jimmy Conrad's Excellent Soccer Adventure!\
Eurotrip 2012 - Day 2 It's been a whirlwind of seeing the sights and meeting a lot of nice and interesting people but now it's time for the games to start!
U.S. Soccer Tops Antigua and Barbuda, 3-1 When Carlos Bocanegra bundled home a rebound from a corner seven minutes in, it looked like clear sailing for the USA against
Johan Santana No-Hitter Speaking with Kevin Burkhardt of SNY on the field after the final out, the first word uttered by Santana was \amazing.\ For
Charissa Thompson on SportsNation By Joe Lucia, Awful Announcing The much-reported new co-host for SportsNation has been officially announced by\u00a0ESPN, and
Cristiano Ronaldo Denies 10-Year-Old Girl In Barcelona Shirt An Autograph Portugal, which will play a pre-Euro friendly against Turkey on Saturday, will take on Germany, Denmark and the Netherlands
Caroline Wozniacki Upset By Kaia Kanepi At French Open (VIDEO) It was a fitting ending, of course, to a match of questionable quality. Still, before it got ugly, Kanepi raced to a 6-1
Trevor Jacob Lands Double Backflip On Skateboard? Pro Snowboarder Proclaims First Double Cork (VIDEO) Trevor Jacob is a double threat, at least. The 18-year-old pro snowboarder recently pulled off an incredible move on a skateboard
New Jersey Devils Vs. Los Angeles Kings LIVE Scroll down for LIVE updates. Stanley Cup Final Game 2 Los Angeles Kings vs. New Jersey Devils At the Prudential Center, Newark
Warriors Head Back to the City The Golden State Warriors will move back to San Francisco for the 2017-2018 season. Why is this move more important than building a winning team?
Teixeira Comes Up Big Against Colon Every player endures rough times in a season.  Baseball is a long sport so usually, the mentality is to coast through those bad times and eventually your game comes back.  But for Mark Teixeira he just picked up where he left off last night.
Landon Donovan Hat Trick Jose Torres almost put the U.S. up two goals again when his cleverly-taken quick free kick surprised everybody, but it clanged
Nick Fairley Arrested Fairley was the third Lions player from the 2010 draft to be arrested and charged with possession of marijuana this offseason
Derrick Salberg Catch \By far the best catch I've ever made,\ Salberg said after the win, via The Daily News Online. \I was waiting for the bullpen
Baltimore Orioles Among MLB's Biggest Surprises Matt Wieters made a comment in March that sounded so naive, it was almost charming. It was spring training, when even the
The Year in Review There are active lawsuits over departure dates but make no mistake -- schools are chasing television dollars like never before. And neither the student-athletes nor the NCAA has any say in this process.
Preakness Winner I'll Have Another in Live Bid for the Triple Crown Having taken both the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes from the favored Bodemeister, I'll Have Another will have three weeks to further hone his lethal homestretch kick.
Kevin Olsen To Miami Olsen is the seventh commitment for the Hurricanes in their 2013 class. The four-star Rivals.com pro-style signal-caller
Ozzie Guillen Would Fight Dwyane Wade If He Confronted Him Like Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra By Joe Lucia, The Outside Corner Miami Heat star Dwayne Wade got into a confrontation with coach Erik Spoelstra on Thursday
Kerry Wood Retires His career may not have gone down the path many thought it would, but Kerry Wood's final game of his career turned out to
Champions League Final Thomas Muller should get a recall to the starting XI, with Toni Kroos dropping into a deeper midfield role alongside Bastian
Bayern Munich Star Franck Ribery 'Not Even Contemplating Defeat To Chelsea' In Champions League Final Follow @GoalUSA on Twitter. \I'm not even contemplating defeat to Chelsea. I'm already 29, so who knows whether I'll appear
Chelsea's Didier Drogba Too Much For Bayern Munich In Champions League Final Says Dietmar Haman \What does it take to win the final? You have to keep a cool head and keep control of your emotions and just do what you
Chelsea vs Bayern Munich In Champions League Final While most soccer fans -- as well as the sport's bookmakers -- were expecting this final to feature a pair of teams from
Father Holds Up Son For Foul Ball Catch During Reds-Yankees Game (VIDEO) Andy Pettitte may have been the player of the game on Friday night after pitching eight shutout innings while only giving
Preakness Stakes LIVE UPDATES While not throwing out ceremonial first pitches or meeting NFL coaches, the trainer for I'll Have Another has seen enough
Women in Chess Lurking in the background, hiding their identity, they seem mysterious, magical, beautiful. At first, they observed the game from a distance, but as centuries went by, women were drawn closer to the chessboard.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Miguel Cotto Will Mayweather remain unbeaten? Do the fighters' weights and ages actually favor Cotto? Can he shock the world and every
Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s Girlfriend WATCH VIDEO ABOVE Of course, it is a previous flame of Floyd's that will have him back in the headlines in a few weeks. Mayweather
Kentucky Derby 2012 Sen. Mitch McConnell, who is known in Washington as a relentless and somewhat humorless partisan, became the soul of graciousness as the horses came out on the track.
Triple Crown 2012 Schedule Moments after I'll Have Another registered a rousing, come-from-behind victory in the 138th running of the Kentucky Derby
Baron Davis Injury New York fans began chanting Davis' name, and the 12-year veteran saluted them by putting his fist in the air. The 33-year
Kentucky Derby 2012 STAY TUNED FOR LIVE UPDATES
Tim McCarver Believes Climate Change Has Led To More Home Runs (VIDEO) McCarver
LeBron James Flop \Oh my goodness. Pat Riley is rolling over in his seat right now if he thinks this is a flagrant foul. He saw harder hits
Dustin Brown Goal Confuses CBC's Jim Hughson During Kings-Canucks Game (VIDEO) By Matt Yoder, Awful Announcing At the very end of the first period in Friday night's Canucks/Kings Game 2, Los Angeles captain
Charles Rogers Threatens Mother According to MLive.com, Michigan State Police Rogers, 30, and his uncle Ronie Rogers conspired to threaten Cathy Rogers on
Kelly Shoppach Slide Fail Shoppach stumbled onto his knee as the throw came into second baseman Jeff Keppinger. Already behind Keppinger, Shoppach
Masters 2012 \It was an off week at the wrong time,\ Woods said. All those rounds made it clear there were good scores to be had on the
Tim McCarver Hates Social Networking Nevertheless, now that we have our first McCarverism of the new year, we can officially welcome the 2012 MLB season. By Matt
Mets Open Eyes Against Atlanta Braves With all the rumors flying around about Pelfrey's possible release over the past couple weeks, it is imperative that Mike Pelfrey shows from the start that his presence on the mound is worth the Mets time and patience.
Bubba Watson, Louis Oosthuizen Face Off In Masters Playoff For Green Jacket Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen will need at least an extra hole to determine who will win the 2012 Masters and wear the
Louis Oosthuizen Leads Masters By 1-Shot Into Homestretch Oosthuizen, the 2010 British Open champion, holed out from 253 yards with a 4-iron on No. 2 Sunday, the first time that hole
Bubba Watson, Louis Oosthuizen Tied At Masters Heading Into Last 2 Holes By Eddie Pells, The Associated Press AUGUSTA, Ga. \u2014 Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson headed into the last two holes tied
North Carolina Survives Ohio Scare, but Deeply Misses Kendall Marshall After North Carolina's 73-65 overtime win against Ohio, the debate over whether Kendall Marshall is really integral to the Tar Heels should be completely quelled. Marshall, out with a fractured wrist, could only cheer on the Carolina bench as he watched his team's offense sputter its way to complete dysfunction down the stretch of regulation and into the extended session.
Penn State Police Had Warnings About Sandusky In 1998 Psychologist Alycia Chambers warned Penn State police about Jerry Sandusky's behavior in 1998, telling them Sandusky had
NCAA Tournament 2012 Live Scores Stay tuned for in-depth coverage of March Madness throughout the tournament. The Seminoles are used to late-game heroics
Coaches, Take a Lesson! There has been a good deal of moaning and most unfortunately, shrugging, about New Orleans Saints coach Greg Williams and his \bounties for injuries\ scandal.
NCAA Tournament Scores, Live Updates For proof of that, look no further than the next games up for us. Fresh off a historic upset of No. 2 Missouri, No. 15 Norfolk
Boeheim Stays in the Picture Usually, when we say that there should be a movie about a team, it's in the vein of the generic sports flick. But this script is the kind that Michael Mann might direct. It's gritty. It's full of sordid details.
NCAA Tournament Live Updates With that said, Marquette and Murray State gave us an extremely hard-fought battle. Vanderbilt and Wisconsin went down to
Michigan State vs. Saint Louis In NCAA Tournament 2012 Third Round By Greg Mengelt, CollegeHoops.Net (1) Michigan State vs. (8) Saint Louis
Ohio vs. South Florida In NCAA Tournament 2012 Third Round [Predict] By Greg Mengelt, CollegeHoops.Net (12) South Florida vs. (13) Ohio
Xavier Vs Lehigh In NCAA Tournament 2012 Third Round [Predict] By Greg Mengelt, CollegeHoops.Net (10) Xavier vs. (15) Lehigh
Norfolk State, Florida Square Off In NCAA Tournament Third Round Norfolk State made history on Friday, becoming the fifth No. 15 seed to ever beat a No. 2 seed after eliminating the Missouri
Kansas, Purdue Battle In NCAA Tournament Third Round [Predict] Will Purdue pull off another upset and advance to the Sweet 16? Or will Kansas roll on? NO. 10 PURDUE *All stats, records
UNC, Creighton Battle In NCAA Tournament Third Round Pre-Tournament Record
Bills Welcome Mario Williams to Buffalo It happened. Finally. It was so shocking I almost didn't believe it was real life.
Lehigh Beating Duke Shows Why March Madness Is So Great While I'm all for objectivity, I do have to admit that I can't be objective about what transpired Friday night. I'm a proud Lehigh alum. I drove three hours to watch the Lehigh vs. Duke game in Greensboro, N.C. and three more to get home.
Georgetown, N.C. State Square Off In NCAA Tournament Third Round *Stats through start of tournament Will N.C. State pull off another upset? Or will the Hoyas' disciplined Princeton offense
Florida State, Cincinnati Battle In NCAA Tournament Third Round On Sunday, the Seminoles will take on the Bearcats of Cincinnati in the next round. No. 6 Cincinnati was somewhat fortunate
Kentucky, Iowa State Face Off In NCAA Tournament Third Round [Predict] By Greg Mengelt, CollegeHoops.Net (1) Kentucky vs. (8) Iowa State
Baylor, Colorado Battle In NCAA Tournament Third Round Saturday [Predict] By Greg Mengelt, CollegeHoops.Net (3) Baylor vs. (11) Colorado
Louisville, New Mexico Face Off In NCAA Tournament Third Round By Greg Mengelt, CollegeHoops.Net (4) Louisville vs. (5) New Mexico
NCAA Tournament Scores, LIVE UPDATES Rounding out this trio of games will be the Indiana Hoosiers and the team hoping to be this year's VCU. And that team? It's
NCAA Tournament Live Scores, Updates After watching all of the upset's on Friday, Royce White and Iowa State must be feeling awfully confident heading into their
Norfolk State Reaction Video The video above is apparently of Norfolk students on campus celebrating during the final seconds of the Spartan's improbable
NCAA Tournament 2012 Live Updates The second game features one of the two remaining No. 2 seeds, Ohio State. Unlike the Duke Blue Devils and Missouri Tigers
Ohio State, Gonzaga Square Off In NCAA Tournament Overall Record
The NFL Needs RGIII -- Badly Let's face it; the NFL needs Michael Vick's talent combined with Tim Tebow's character. Enter Robert Griffin III. RGIII is the one with the sizzle. Griffin is going to be heralded somewhere as a savior -- hopefully with a small \s.\
Redskins, Rams Trade Draft Picks, Likely Sending Robert Griffin III To Washington With Manning apparently unlikely to be lured to the Beltway, the Redskins have, per Glazer, gone aggressively in another
NCAA Bracket Projections 4 Seeds
The 50 Best Players In Major League Baseball Who truly is the best player in baseball? Could it be someone like Albert Pujols, who has arguably the best bat in baseball
Ryan Braun 
Live Tiger Woods Updates Tiger Woods shot 5-under 67 on Friday at the WGC-Cadillac Championship, but he still has seven shots to make up on leader
Redskins, Rams Trade News of the trade broke on Friday evening when Glazer tweeted about the deal. The statement appears on both the Redskins
Match Play LIVE UPDATES Lee Westwood and Rory McIlroy are still alive at the WGC-Match Play, both trying to capture World No. 1. There are also three
How Tim Wakefield's Retirement Brought Me a Little Closer to Death With the demise of Tim Wakefield's career comes the death of my own dreams of taking my non-existent baseball skills and latching on somewhere as a crafty knuckleball pitcher.
Jeremy Lin 'SNL' Sketch Takes On Racist Linsanity Jokes, Media Commentary (VIDEO) After calling the New York Post's \Amasian\ headline \hilarious\ and making light of an MSG graphic that included a fortune
Jeremy Lin Leads New York Knicks Over Dallas Mavericks, 104-97 (VIDEO) But there had been little slippage, as the Mavs came in holding opponents to an NBA-low 41.4 percent shooting from the field
Gary Carter What better image for all the young fans like me at Shea back then, on the cusp of their adulthood, to carry into middle age for their children
ESPN Racist Jeremy Lin Headline The use of the word \chink\ is especially galling as Lin has revealed that this racial slur was used to taunt him during
Jeremy Lin Milkshake Ask someone about the sweetest part of Jeremy Lin's out-of-nowhere rise to stardom with the New York Knicks and you might
Jeremy Lin, Knicks Guard, Joins Fernando Valenzuela, Kurt Warner, John Starks As Unexpected Stars (PHOTOS) As Linsanity swept through the sports world over the past few weeks, many rushed to compare Jeremy Lin's unexpected rise
Supercross Moves East The East Lites series, like last year, is set to have a field of some very fast and talented riders. Some are rookies, some veterans, and one is the defending champ. Here are my top five major players
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic Face Off In Australian Open Final On the other side of the net, Djokovic will go into the final with an improved second serve, and that's a huge asset (if
Tiger Woods LIVE UPDATES, SCORES From Abu Dhabi HSBC Championship Round 4 Tiger Woods shot his best round since the 2011 Masters on Saturday, and has put three nearly-pristine rounds together in
Novak Djokovic vs. Rafael Nadal So how do you solve a problem like Novak Djokovic? Wouldn't Rafael Nadal love to know. Six times they met in finals last
Novak Djokovic Throws Shirt To Young Fan But It's Stolen After Win Over Rafael Nadal (VIDEO) Ever the showman, Novak Djokovic did not disappoint in the aftermath of his historic five-set triumph over Rafael Nadal in
Thank You James Dolan and Time Warner Given the Knicks 7-13 record, James Dolan and company are actually doing me a favor. I didn't have to watch the one point Melo game or the dismal shooting performances of Iman Shumpert or Toney Douglas.
Maria Sharapova Stunned By Victoria Azarenka In Australian Open Final Afterward, Azarenka, more effusive with the press than normal, credited her coach of two years, Sam Sumyk, for his patient
Giants Over Patriots, Jets Over Colts Among  Most Improbable Super Bowl Upsets Of All Time (VIDEOS) Leading up to Super Bowl XLVI, the most talked about game could end up being one that occurred a few years ago. After all
Aldon Smith Arrested CORRECTION
Dwight Howard Rips Teammates After Magic Loss To Hornets The five-time all-star center tore into his teammates Friday night after Orlando committed 23 turnovers en route to losing
